  just because it is n't a concern for you does n't mean it is n't a concern for other people . 
  late , but it is . 
  you can definitely hear that it 's `` it 's my life '', 
  it does n't . 
  sounds like a problem on your end to be honest . 
  laptop gpus will always pretty much be inferiorly supported . 
  i have a desktop gpu ( a gtx960 ) and it works fine . 
  and as for ati cards , the higher up you go , the more the disparity between team green and team red is apparent . 
  on an old-ass card like an hd4000 series it 's not so bad , but if you use something recent like the r9 290 , then they perform considerably worse than the nvidia equivalent . 
  i agree with torvalds on this issue . 
  if you make the distro , you can name it . 
  the debian guys decided to name theirs `` debian gnu/linux '' , but the mint guys just went with `` linux mint '' , and either is fine . 
  i do n't think the ` shell ' of steamos is proprietary . 
  it 's basically debian with steam preinstalled on it , and steam is the only part of the deal that is proprietary . 
  i 'm not sure why you decided to say this . 
  windows ( and even osx ) are just as complicated as linux at the core level . 
  it 's just that windows comes with graphical installers and guis for everything . 
  when 's the last time you even configured the kernel ? 
  no it is n't . 
  i live in nz ( so a technological backwater pretty much ) and i could just order an rpi2 off a local retailer and it was delivered a few days later . 
  ah , fair point . 
  though i suppose that 's kind of a given . 
  as of right now , if you 're planning to play any sort of gpu-intensive recent games on linux , proprietary is your only option . 
  my card is n't even supported by nouveau . 
  the point of this image is that it 's satire . 
  or at least it was . 
  i am 99 % sure the image was originally just the top half , and some other dude added the closed source car . 
  ironically , the closed source car is a tesla , the patents of which are actually open source . 
  i would n't go to / g / for any serious tech-related discussion ( the amount of apple shills is insane ) , / tech / is , generally , better , though has its share of trolls/shills/morons . 
  kde plasma looks quite nice . 
  unity looks weird , sure , but i do n't agree with gnome . 
  it has a decent minimalism thing going on , though i do n't like how it functions . 
  and as for os x , whatever elementary is doing is a pretty good imitation ( i 'm surprised apple have n't sent those guys a c&d ) . 
  apple has historically been quite litigious . 
  as for elementary , i 'm running it right now ( though i like distro-hopping ) . 
  it 's pretty much just ubuntu with a pretty theme , but that is n't without merit , as they did go pretty all-out making it look like osx ( and not to mention their website is pretty well made ) . 
  what 's wrong with ` elementary ' ? 
  there is n't a reason to ditch `` beginners only '' ( no such thing ) distros at the first chance you get . 
  torvalds himself uses fedora , a distro that is , by all accounts , pretty user-friendly . 
  elementary does get exposure as well , ( 11th on distrowatch indicates people are reading about it if nothing else ) , but the thing is , when it comes to a user-friendly , works-out-of-the-box distro , there are a * lot * to choose from , and many just opt for ubuntu ( or mint ) because it 's by far the most well-known , especially to the uninitiated . 
  i 'm not getting it . 
  how is the name making it somehow less marketable ? 
  what do you propose ? 
  it 's not like linux distros are known for having good names anyway . 
  the only one i can think of that i think has any good meaning is `` ubuntu '' , because it portrays a foreign ( because it 's a bantu term ) but positive ( because it means ` human kindness ' ) concept , just like what the linux os ecosystem is . 
  there 's a few others like gentoo ( because it 's a streamlined penguin just like the os ) , but most of them are kind of meaningless aside from a unique namesake . 
  like arch , what 's the word ` arch ' got to do with linux ? 
  what about ` debian ' ? 
  comes from a portmanteau of the founder 's name , ian , with his wife , debra . 
  cool , except it really does n't mean anything or convey any meaningful concept to the reader . 
  tl ; dr : i do n't think elementary 's lack of adoption has anything to do with its name . 
  ` elementary ' by definition means that it is to do with the elements , the basics , the fundamentals . 
  that 's why it 's an ` elementary ' school , it teaches you the fundamentals . 
  elementary school , by the way , is an american term . 
  in other places ( like where i live ) , they 're called primary schools instead . 
  to be honest , if you 're running a recent amd card on linux , you have bigger problems than your driver not being foss . 
  you 're hearing inaccurately . 
  they 're usable , sure , but in benchmarks they come up short from the nvidia drivers pretty much every single time . 
  [ such as here ] ( http://www.phoronix.com/scan.php?page=article&amp;item=amdnv-phoronix-11&amp;num=2 ) [ and here ] ( http://www.phoronix.com/scan.php?page=article&amp;item=linux_gpus_high514&amp;num=4 ) [ and here ] ( http://www.phoronix.com/scan.php?page=article&amp;item=dirt-showdown-linux&amp;num=3 ), 
  you can see from these benchmarks that amd just gets the short end of the stick every time , and sometimes games just wo n't work on amd . 
  on windows , the r9 290 is a better card than the gtx 770 , say , but in these benchmarks , they 're about equal , the 770 even taking the lead sometimes . 
  that is n't a display of ` amazing ' drivers . 
  [ they made the patents open source ( or at least as close as you get with patents ) ] ( http://www.teslamotors.com/blog/all-our-patent-are-belong-you ), 
  well , there 's always linux . 
  actually , i 'd kind of argue that knowing computers * is * knowing unix . 
  unix/linux dominate every field of computing except personal desktops . 
  i did pretty much just say that computers in the hands of end users are windows-based . 
  the thing is , computers are an incredibly diverse area , and windows is only a bit of that , and even then , windows changes quite a bit per iteration . 
  i may be biased ^ ^ ^ maybe but , i , personally , think that knowing computers is far more about knowing unix , which had a longer and considerably greater effect on the sphere of computing , especially in its early stages , than knowing about windows . 
  except instead of wanting to fuck you literally , they 'll just fuck you metaphorically when they find out you 've been infringing copyright or committing treason or whatever . 
  damn . 
  because / g / is 90 % full of people who know nothing . 
  if you 're talking about systemd , while it does have its issues ( and depending on your view , these issues can be minor or drastic ) , it ultimately does work and red hat would not be pushing it if it did n't . 
  if you really want to avoid it , you can opt for a distro that does n't include it by default or has the option to change init systems . 
  manjaro , for instance , can change its init rather easily . 
  then there 's other distros like pclinuxos and mint that do not use systemd by default . 
  mint has their eye on systemd but is opting out at the moment . 
  currently , mint is based on ubuntu trusty , which does n't use systemd . 
  [ in a blog post , ] ( http://blog.linuxmint.com/?p=2764 ) however , clem ( the lead developer ) has stated that mint may switch to systemd in mint 18 , though that may be a while away considering they still have one more release of 17 . x to go . 
  they 've only done one thing and that was the amazon thing , which they 've long since gotten rid of . 
  kde and cinnamon are the most like windows . 
  xfce is similar , but is more like os x because it uses a dock . 
  gnome is ... not everyone 's cup of tea . 
  unity gets flak for being a memory hog but it 's not * that * bad . 
  i3 is a window manager , i would stay away from window managers for the time being . 
  really , though , it does n't matter what desktop environment you get . 
  there 's nothing stopping you from switching between them . 
  you can even have multiple des installed on the same installation , and switch between them when you want . 
  drivers will be fine and work out of the box , with the exception of your video card as many distros oft for a foss driver known as ` nouveau ' rather than using nvidia 's drivers because they 're proprietary . 
  assuming you 're using nvidia , many beginner-friendly distros have nvidia packages in their repositories , mint even comes with a driver manager with it so you can very easily change drivers . 
  performance in games varies , some games it preforms just as well ( sometimes , like in the case of dota 2 , better ) , others it 'll have hiccups , but it should n't be unplayable . 
  if you want me to , i can add you on steam and talk through how to dual-boot . 
  it is n't a complicated process , and the installers that come with many distros make it quite easy , in fact . 
  i tried installing arch once . 
  i got fairly close to getting it working ( i think ) , something about formatting your hard drive to ext4 , unless it 's efi , then you format it to fat32 or something . 
  but i formatted to ext4 and mounted , then read that i was supposed to do the other thing . 
  whoops . 
  i 'm getting a `` the specified profile could not be found '' page when i click that . 
  noise . 
  it 's included in eos , and i was impressed .
