you 're actually pretty good looking , and quite convincing . 
  jaw is slightly pronounced ( anonymouslogician went over that pretty well ) but other than that , you do n't look male . 
  i 'm pretty surprised to actually see a trans person in new zealand , i have n't run into any here before . 
  i 'm also surprised at how pale you are considering the sun in new zealand . 
  i 'm going to be forward as well , what 's your email/skype/imgur / steam/whatever ? 
  i 'd like to talk to you . 
  and do n't forget to keep pronouncing xboct as `` xboxed '', 
  it goes further than that , actually . 
  the head of the coca cola plant in germany at the time outright refused to join the nazi party , despite being pressured to . 
  would n't it make more sense to make fur coats out of bigger animals ? 
  good on them . 
  no one should be conscripted . 
  i know . 
  it was a joke . 
  and i know xboct is pronounced `` hvorst '' and not `` xboxed '', 
  no regrets, 
  i like having unobstructed arteries, 
  they 're supposed to help you by opening your pores and letting dirt and stuff fall out . 
  i knew a finnish guy who told me that an hour in a sauna can get rid of the same amount of toxins as your kidney would in a day ( though i did n't fact check ), 
  atleast he 's honest, 
  19 % is almost a fifth . 
  if you lost 19 % of your fingers , that would be a pinky on both sides . 
  with no pinkies , what are you going to hit the shift and enter keys with ? 
  same with rats , and that is apparently how rat poison works ( the rats do n't vomit out the poison ), 
  because life forms do not evolve that quickly . 
  it would also mean that prehistoric humans would have to have continually favoured men/women who , for some reason , did not grow pubic hair due to how evolution works ( survival of the fittest etc ) . 
  you would basically have had to get the entire human race to breed themselves specifically for getting rid of pubic hair , and that just did n't happen . 
  balls lifted from the ground do not weigh more unless you had a different gravity acting on it all together ( like if you went to another planet ) . 
  no matter how high you lift the ball , the same gravity ( earth 's ) is acting on it , pulling it down at the same rate of acceleration no matter how high you go . 
  i 'm not sure about the rubber band one , but i would assume the answer is no however i ca n't actually say for sure ( nothing is really being added to it , it is just changing shape ), 
  as for batteries , there are a lot of different kinds of batteries that work in different ways , but if we assume just normal rechargeable batteries , there are chemical reactions going on with the movement of the electrons and energy and such , so the battery may get slightly ( very slightly ) lighter when it is flat , but it would n't be light enough to be noticeable ( infact on a scale it might not change at all unless the scale was very sensitive ), 
  one of the reasons is because programs must be written differently to accommodate osx , most notably is that they can not use directx ( same with linux machines ) , so code has to be done so that it is compatible with mac and linux , and for a lot of developers it is not worth the effort , as windows dominates the gaming scene by a fairly large margin . 
  you can check steam 's userbase by platform and you will find the overwhelming majority is windows ( however steam does have a growing library of games that are supported on linux and mac ), 
  to my knowledge they 're not so much science as they are politics , usually . 
  they 're basically people who sit around and think about legislation and laws , and what to introduce as laws . 
  take in mind that thinking up a law is n't easy , and you have to be very thorough about what you write about with as little grey area as possible . 
  `` quite a bit '' is sometimes `` not enough '' , especially if it was heavy with the directx in the first place . 
  a lot of developers think that even pc as a whole is not a platform that should be developed for , let alone mac and linux , as these days , most aaa games are made for consoles and then ported over to the pc , and that requires work . 
  there are a plethora of games that were ported to pc very poorly , and porting them over to mac would probably be even more disastrous ( can you imagine dark souls on a mac ? ), 
  i first heard of the malleus maleficarum from max payne, 
  probably so you can tell how hard things are that you 're stepping on . 
  i know that fingernails have a purpose in determining your grip , because the flesh of your fingers presses against the fingernail and indicates you of how hard you 're pressing against things, 
  this is incorrect , france legalized homosexuality in 1791 . 
  http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/lgbt_rights_by_country_or_territory ( ctrl + f france ), 
  there is an article about an exhibit of swords and such made of shark teeth , apparently used 130 or so years ago by inhabitants of the gilbert islands in the pacific . 
  why would it not be ? 
   ( i 'd like to see a dota support eat five enemy ultimates and walk away with half health ) . 
  abaddon, 
  gee , treant 's eyes look more sinister than you would be led to believe from his personality, 
  tornado 's schtick was n't its damage . 
  emp still burns a ridiculous amount of mana over a huge area . 
  if those tiny nerfs where enough to stop you from playing qw you probably were n't that dedicated to qw in the first place, 
  because he sucks, 
  if you had actually played either of them , you 'd have figured out it was quite the opposite . 
  at least skyrim and dark souls actually came out the same year , comparing this game to a game that came out 6 years ago is a bit dumb, 
  `` i would prefer it if every class in this class-based fps had no personality '', 
  comparing them is fine and obviously going to happen as overwatch has taken a fair few cues from tf2 , but contesting them is pointless , it 's like contesting that playstation all-stars thing ( or whatever it was called i forgot ) to smash brothers , yes you can do it but all-stars just joined a tad too late . 
  winston sounds like a nice mix of supporting and hamming it . 
  reinhardt will be fun to go full ham . 
  mercy because i like supporting . 
  bastion because i 'm a filthy , filthy camper . 
   [ ] ( / flair-techies ), 
  sweet, 
  the inflation in zimbabwe had a really bad downside , you know . 
  unless you spent your money as soon as you got it , it became worthless . 
  i google searched `` gujju gaand '' and it came up with links to adult websites with an affinity to gay people . 
  my monolingual ass does not know what `` gujju gaand '' means but if i had to guess , it obviously means something like `` well played '', 
  esports also greatly expands a game 's lifespan and also makes sure the game is constantly up to date in regards to balance . 
  he 's been in dota 1 for 2 years now and has n't been hugely tampered with . 
  if he needed the nerfbat , he 'd have taken a few blows by now . 
  starcraft lasted 12 ( if we cut off from the point when starcraft 2 was released ) and it was almost assuredly because of esports, 
  i 'd love a slar buff that gives sprint unit-walking , because as it is , it 's real clunky, 
  he 's not . 
  capable of doing absolutely ludicrous amounts of damage with little effort and little items . 
  sword is sooooo small . 
  running for your life from slardar labeouf, 
  that thing 's strengths are how much extra ammo you get , especially when you get that one enforcer skill that gives you more reserve ammo . 
  that and it 's good all round with a low threat stat if that 's your thing . 
  lol whatever, 
  rng item drops are something that is completely bullshit to deal with . 
  i can understand it for masks because that 's purely aesthetic , but for weapon mods that make a tangible difference to the game ( especially in cases where its a direct improvement ) , rng should n't dictate that . 
  if anything , you could just get goonmod yourself . 
  i do n't use it myself , but if other people want to use it , then they can go right ahead . 
  they do n't need sourpusses like yourself telling them they should conform to rng because that 's ~ the way it 's meant to be played ~, 
  you 've repeated literally this same exact thing three times . 
  whenever people say `` is goonmod fair '' they always mean `` the gage-coins part '' . 
  here 's my opinion . 
  using gage-coins to get mods is totally ok . 
  it requires you to complete a courier assignment ( to get a full set ) for a single coin . 
  mods that are achievement-locked ca n't be purchased with gage-coins . 
  it 's a good way to get certain mods without having to grind for them in four stores or ukrainian job over and over again and hope rngesus smiles upon you . 
  some say it 's cheating , but screw that . 
  it 's not giving yourself godmode or noclip , it just gives them the stuff they need to optimise their loadout , and give a better performance . 
  the game is entirely co-op , i ask those people , why would n't you want your teammates to be better equipped ? 
  are you running something like hoxhud or pocohud or something ? 
  it may be conflicting with those mods . 
  you may also want to try running as admin, 
  i actually prefer the ksp to the buzzsaw because of its lower firerate and accuracy . 
  i 'm not expert , but have you tried all the other fixes ? 
  verifying game cache ?
