  i imagine trying to dodge nameless king 's wind wall thingies without rolling would be somewhat of an issue . 
  is it even possible to avoid his falling bolt thing without dodging ? 
  surely it would hit you if you were just running . 
  it 's not the problem that gwyn was parriable , the problem was that he had so few moves and they were so telegraphed that parrying him was pretty easy . 
  not only that , the respawning black knights in the kiln of the first flame could drop their 95 % fire resist shield , so you could block the first hit of that one combo he does and parry the second easily . 
  all the twin curved swords basically suck but all the other twin weapons are very good . 
  it sounds like you have n't beaten nameless king yet . 
  honestly , this armour barely looks feminine , and seeing as witch can be a gender neutral term , i have literally never thought of fire witches as being female . 
  not what i meant . 
  go beat him and find out . 
  the best weapons in these games are often the ones you start with . 
  the longsword cleans house better than half the boss weapon roster . 
  the farron greatsword is good but that 's mostly because you 're basically untouchable with the l1 unless they have a downward swing . 
  it 's also pretty fun . 
  [ yuria 's set . 
  ] ( http://darksouls3.wiki.fextralife.com/file/dark-souls-3/dark lady.png ), 
  that 's fair enough , but my point was that * i * never thought of them being female . 
  if it were n't for the armour being called `` fire witch '' armour , then i do n't think the idea of them being female would have ever crossed my mind . 
  even their death screams are pretty guttural . 
  uh , dragonslayer armour ? 
  you do get to fight him . 
  ice rapier was n't in ds2 's release , it came out in the 3rd dlc many , many months later . 
  nice try , though . 
  the dark sword is rather obviously overpowered , so it 's not entirely fair to compare weapons to it . 
  i do agree though , fast weapons have a huge advantage this time around , and by fast weapons i mean the higher tier straight and thrusting swords . 
  even curved swords do n't seem that good , not having a kick is quite awful , and my +10 sharp painting guardian sword has less total ar than my +10 sharp * drang hammers * at 40 dex and 13 str . 
  yeah . 
  the easiest way to get it is to save yoel , ask him to draw out your power , then throw yourself off firelink twice , draw out , throw yourself etc etc until you 've done it 5 times . 
  after that , yoel will be dead and yuria will be next to his corpse . 
  from here , you can kill her to get her stuff , or complete her questline , but that takes longer . 
  yeah , you 're screwed . 
  unless you made a backup before anri died , then he 's dead for good . 
  absolutely nowhere near as cool as bloodborne 's , that 's for sure . 
  as for how it compares to previous games , split damage and durability beams are pretty lame . 
  it 's worth it for an int build though , as you 'll have to pump int to get really strong sorceries anyway . 
  you 're new to this series , are n't you ? 
  no , there is no way to make multiple save slots outside of backing up your save manually . 
  somewhat difficult to use and gets some decent results if you use the wa and the moveset correctly . 
  the main thing is that the r1 damage is not top-tier , and that you can be staggered out of the wa very easily . 
  it does have a lot of range and does pretty decent damage too , though . 
  curved swords in general have a bigger learning curve than straight swords as their moveset is n't as simple , and they also have that useless flip thing rather than a kick . 
  tldr : it 's okay , not the best but you can make it work, 
  the abyss watchers . 
  everything about them is cool . 
  this sword is incredibly good on faith builds . 
  as it already has lightning on it normally , infusing it with lightning gives it even more , and it gets an a at +10 with a very high lightning ar . 
  lightning infusion . 
  were it any other ulgs , the latter would be better , but especially since the lightning clutch ring is % based , the lightning infusion is much better , especially if you have a lot of faith and not much strength . 
  sure . 
  are you on pc ? 
  keyword : if . 
  not saying it is n't possible , but hoping that your opponent 's bleed resistance is low aside , onikiri and ubadachi can do it much better as they have more damage to back it up as well as more range , even if their wa is n't very good . 
  you can work it out by seeing what 2/3 of the strength requirement is normally , this works for every weapon . 
  onikiri and ubadachi are fast with a good roll attack . 
  i never said they were top tier ( they 're good and definitely usable , though ) , either , but they 're much better than the warden twinblades . 
  it accounts for each of the resistances separately . 
  it will hit for 100 physical , then take the physical resistance into account , then hit for 100 fire and take the fire resistance account , and add the resulting numbers together . 
  assuming the target had absolutely no resistance in either physical or fire , a 100 physical 100 fire weapon would indeed do 200 damage . 
  buy the game for pc and i 'll help you . 
  chill out . 
  he posted before about 15-20 minutes ago asking for help on nk and i was the only one who responded . 
  i asked him what system and he said xb1 . 
  the strong suit of farron 's is the 2h l1 , as it is practically iframes , attacks in a circle so is good for getting around shields , and does some decent damage especially if you hit with the dagger too . 
  greirat sells a few ulgs , though you 'll have to have freed him . 
  the exile greatsword is also pretty powerful , which you should have if you killed the two exiles just before farron keep . 
  another pretty decent weapon would be the hollowslayer greatsword from the soul of the greatwood . 
  if you 're looking for ulgs specifically though , there 's one as a loot drop somewhere in farron keep , and if you keep playing , there are a few from boss souls , and i would rank those as my personal favourites . 
  sure is . 
  it is probably the weakest overall in terms of damage out of the ulgs category , but it definitely makes up for it by having high scaling and a very useful l1 . 
  whips are n't parriable , but i do n't think you 're going to be using them because they 've got other issues . 
  the biggest advice i can give is do n't be predictable , do n't attack immediately out of a roll directly to them because they 'll parry , do n't run at them because they 'll parry . 
  remember that when you charge an r2 , you can release it at any time . 
  sellsword twinblades in my opinion , are n't very good . 
  the gotthard twinswords or the onikiri and ubadachi are far superior . 
  the entire katana class is pretty good , but the best ones are the washing pole and chaos blade . 
  the bloodlust also has a high ar with the buff , and you can even stab people who are behind you when you buff for a surprisingly high amount of damage . 
  if you 're going to use a scythe , use the pontiff one , or a sharp corvian one , but because of the sweet spot mechanic and how generally slow they are , they 're not the best choice . 
  if everything was fixed by a suicide , then you just might be alright . 
  if you have n't received a warning , then you should be fine . 
  the scaling is kinda lame , but it is an alright choice if you are an int build . 
  most of its damage comes from the buff it gets when you use a weapon stance attack , and the projectile attack you can do with it is fairly useful . 
  i 'm not actually sure , i * think * the warning is instant and the ban is a few days . 
  still need help ? 
  * cough cough * whips in ds2 * cough cough *, 
  trade a homeward bone with the crow . 
  i 've played all 3 and used whips in all of them . 
  they 're fun as gimmicks and slightly useful because of the range , but they 've never been good . 
  aside from the witch 's locks if you 've got very high int and fai , the closest whips came to being viable was powerstanced spotted whips as it could inflict poison very easily . 
  good work , man . 
  when this is finished and polished , it 'll be absolutely invaluable . 
  if i could make a suggestion , however , would it be possible to have little boxes to type the numbers in for the amount of each stat , rather than having to select from a long list ? 
  `` some background textures in an optional area had some random arabic words on them that i did n't notice , therefore ds3 has no soul '', 
  you did n't play bloodborne , did you ? 
  you could spam bse from ages away and not only did it not cost stamina , it also regened while you were casting . 
  you can farm it off enemies that hold them . 
  the thralls that hold them . 
  there 's one in undead settlement that does and one in grand archives , but i ca n't remember off the top of my head . 
  if you 're on pc , i can just buy you one and trade it to you . 
  ah , my mistake . 
  that is correct , i got the two mixed up .
