  might be some errors here because that sentence is pretty long and awkward , but this should work . 
  the european system is better because it follows the case hierarchy , having genitive after nominate is weird because you use the accusative far more than the genitive . 
  it might be called that because the nom gen dat acc abl is very common in the us . 
  i still beat her ( without any deaths ) but you know , sometimes the rng is enough to give a man +30 stress in real life . 
  i should send him into dd with 3 antiquarians and have them all force guard , if that 's possible . 
  fun fact : this same boss run , i also had a run-in with the collector . 
  this was the level 5 siren . 
  i recall one memorable run where i had a hunger check the hallway after camping and choosing the `` feast '' option . 
  '' ( in vita ) reperi aequilibrium '' would be what you 're after , literally translated . 
  the `` in vita '' means `` in life '' and is optional . 
  the romans might have an equivalent expression , but i 'm not aware of it . 
  he destroys any boss that can bleed and is consistently in any position that is n't 4 and only 4 , including the siren , provided this does n't happen , of course . 
  his bleed is absolutely no joke . 
  here 's hoping they do n't , i do n't want him to become another houndmaster where he 's useful for like one thing . 
  he 's good because his bleed is actually worth something and it 's very hard to kill him , but the weaknesses he has ( that people gloss over , there 's this really weird sentiment i keep seeing where people say his base stats are high , they 're not . 
  he has the worst base damage outside of antiquarian ) will start becoming super obvious if he 's nerfed . 
  hellion is good for other reasons , like yawp , iron swan , and a pretty consistently high damage output . 
  she ca n't outbleed flagellant , but no one really can , bleed is his thing . 
  or hellion . 
  one of her camp skills is literally `` reject the gods '' , so they 're fine and dandy with the most outspoken atheist but not fine with some guy who literally uses the light to heal . 
  not really . 
  the crimson courtyard content does n't come into play until you visit the courtyard for the first time , and there 's no reason why you would n't want access to the flagellant or blueprints at the start of the game . 
  he 's still very good against siren because he can stack punish which will bleed her for a lot , you just need to make sure * that * does n't happen . 
  stack debuff resist or do n't take that skill or something . 
  hellion truly is the most waifu, 
  houndmaster only truly excels at his stun , which is the best single-target stun in the game with a percentage so high you can basically chain-stun someone through the stun resist , and i suppose his guard because he 's like one of 3 characters who actually gets one . 
  in terms of damage , though , he 's not very good . 
  he has basically no burst option , his bonuses are quite small even if the target is marked ( sure , you could attack again for double damage , or you could just attack twice for two crit rolls and another bleed stack ) , his bleed is really low ( 2 pts for 3 rounds ???? ), 
  and his bonus damage against beasts is kinda limiting in the grand scheme of things , unless you 're in warrens , it 's pretty irrelevant . 
  highwayman at least has a decent amount of damage behind him and can play from every position , he has higher base damage , a pretty good amount of innate crit chance to most of his attacks , and a way to buff both of those quite substantially for the rest of the fight at the cost of one turn , because tracking shot still buffs him even if it misses . 
  but why, 
  in terms of dodge , gr is superior ( base is the same , satchel and coat is +27 ) and she too can buff her dodge pretty substantially . 
  she , too , works in every position , can attack any position ( not all with the same attack , granted , but still ) and generally has more consistent damage than houndmaster . 
  houndmaster 's stress heal is ... kinda mediocre , i have n't personally seen anyone recommend it , jester 's ( may he rest in peace ) one is better or even crusader 's . 
  his self-heal is good but there 's no reason to take it unless you 're running a team of full self-healers because a character with a high dodge should n't have much need for it anyway . 
  personally , i find the other utility heroes a little more useful , like occultist . 
  - dodge marks are more useful because you run into dodge moreso than you do protection , and in later dungeons , often both at the same time . 
  your leper 's big hits on a - prot target wo n't matter so much if he is n't actually hitting him . 
  not saying houndmaster 's bad , i often take him with arbalest because the synergy there is pretty strong , but he kinda needs specific combos to be good . 
  i 've heard he used to be very strong until red hook nerfed him pretty substantially , but i was n't playing back then . 
  * expugnantia tantum * , perhaps , from * pugnare * ( to fight ) , which could mean `` only things that win by conquering/fighting '' . 
  the fanatic is honestly really annoyingly designed . 
  you can beat him pretty tidily if you set out specifically to do that , but there 's no real reason to do so ( i killed him once , and got the mantra of fasting , possibly the most useless trinket ) , so he 's only a threat if he comes up unexpected against a party unoptimised for him , then he 'll just wipe you unless you retreat which you may as well because a little bit of stress is better than a wipe . 
  kind of goes at odds with every other boss in the game . 
  i set out specifically to kill him and he dropped a mantra of fasting . 
  uuuuugh . 
  him dropping a cure is pretty useless , actually . 
  i do n't really understand the point because a cured hero will probably go right back to being a vampire in very short order , the curse chances from enemies is still hilariously high . 
  it 's not even like the curse is much of a hindrance . 
  leper * would * be good for cannon because he has so much base damage but for some reason , the cannon can dodge ( it has like 23 dodge on lvl5 ) . 
  i was grinding my teeth earlier because my bh got dodged twice in a row by the cannon . 
  i managed to have a pretty neat run against the cannon with just a gr and an occultist attacking the matchman , though . 
  throwing knife usually killed him in one hit , and if it did n't , ceiling spaghetti would finish him off . 
  i know , and my bounty hunter did have flashbang in the case of * that * happening , but it never did . 
  in terms of dodge , it 's a little frustrating having every single enemy ( even when it does n't really make sense like the pot , the cannon , or even blighted gaints ) having a bunch of dodge for no reason . 
  for the leper specifically , it changes him from an apparently decent choice because high base damage is a great idea against things immune to dots to a frustrating liability because he is somehow able to miss swings on things that ca n't even move . 
  well , when gta 5 's minimum requirements are lower than 4 , that is saying either very good things about one of them or very bad things about the other . 
  he falls pretty handily to dots ( so flagellant , lol ) and ripostes ( because he attacks multiple times per turn ) as well as just raw damage as long as you can attack any position because he moves around a lot . 
  he 's only difficult because he can come up unexpected , if you try to bait him by taking 4 cursed guys that are good against him , you should be able to take him out without much difficulty . 
  grave robber 's throwing knife , if it crits . 
  just conjures an imagine of a tiny little knife thrown somewhere really important that just kills in one hit , very professional and finesse and all that . 
  aside from that , getting kills with ripostes is pretty satisfying . 
  i used to play that a lot as a child but never finished it or even did much of anything without messing around with mods . 
  gave it a proper go again last year and it blew my mind with just how immersive it was . 
  ah , it 's bloodmoon . 
  stygian is what it 's called without the dlc . 
  well , i know radiant is just `` convenience mode '' , but just the idea of increased damage output and health seems scary considering even medium/long level 5 dungeons can be really harrowing . 
  that in itself would n't be too bad , but the death/time limit seems to me to be quite oppressive , and considering how a few unlucky rolls can spiral into a total party wipe , it seems to me that even experienced players who know what they 're doing could still realistically lose at stygian . 
  i actually do n't see many people who write essays and apply their phds in mathematics in this game say that flagellant is overpowered , or even that he 's particularly good . 
  the guy who wrote that long post on the jester nerf a week or so back also wrote a post explaining why he takes hellion over flagellant . 
  he 's actually quite limited when you get down to it , and if you 're playing well enough that everyone is n't dying in the first place , his unkillable-ness is n't necessary . 
  grave robber winning , i 'm glad best girl is currently taking the lead . 
  she 's just so stylish with dodges everywhere and crits for days . 
  i 've won many boss fights just having her nail a marked target with a whole bunch of knives . 
  i had that exact thing happen with the baron the first time i fought him . 
  he had 9 ( !!!!!! ), 
  health left but all i could do was her stun , and that was an annoying retreat . 
  also , small correction , her skill is called `` pick * to * the face '' , the `` face '' is dative , not accusative . 
  martyr 's seal , naturally . 
  it 's a match made in heaven for the flagellant . 
  i like to think i 'm not petty , but i immediately look down on people who think f3 is better than nv . 
  it might be a bit tasteless but this is clearly a joke . 
  50 cent has a lot of tweets that are just him making jokes , do n't think this is reflective of his actual opinion on who he wants as a partner . 
  i think it 's better a doge or protection buff because you scare the bloodsuckers away from you, 
  lancang dam is one of the contenders for the worst map in the game . 
  i have no idea who greenlit a map in which an maa has line of sight of the entire sky from his spawn . 
  i called one of the mods there a fascist after he changed my role to `` little green toilet elf '' and got banned :(, 
  ripostes . 
  you could check out fire from the gods , maybe . 
  that sounds quite interesting . 
  is her dissertation available online or something ? 
  me too . 
  i live down here and it would be nice to visit a european country without forking over a few grand just for the plane tickets . 
  it 's like how you 're able to just chomp down 10lb pieces of raw ebony . 
  alchemy in the tes series has always played it really fast and loose , thinking too much about how you 're somehow able to make a potion of invisibility out of some petals and a diamond will just lead to more questions that will never be answered . 
  i mean , if you look right now , the console playerbase for bf1 is significantly higher than 4 ( about 3x more ) and the pc playerbase is slightly higher . 
  not a fair comparison considering an update just came out imo . 
  i do n't agree with this one , he is talking about spelling errors and other mistakes that are realistic to make but are often not intentional . 
  this is n't the same as a change to a language that has been deliberately and consistently made . 
  the op even made a post that addressed your r4 pretty much exactly .
