  in what ? 
  i 'll try to give a small summary of all of them , then . 
  you should download doctorx 's faction addons if you want faction relations to change over time ( getting better or worse , having factions become friendly or enemies to eachother and the player , etc ) . 
  loner : just like vanilla stalker . 
  there are loners pretty much everywhere and a few hubs here and there . 
  has a good balance of friendly and enemy factions , so you can do stuff for friendly factions like duty . 
  duty : a little bit easier than loners . 
  rostok is a very big and safe hub that is somewhat centered in the world map . 
  being enemies with freedom is a little annoying sometimes , but otherwise it 's a good choice . 
  dutiers make for good companions too . 
  freedom : a little trickier than duty . 
  they start off neutral with bandits , however , and that might be either annoying or helpful , depending on your point of view . 
  ecologist : the easy mode . 
  they have the least enemies , and yantar is a very helpful location . 
  quite a few anomalies that will give you artifacts , many zombies which will give you a lot of loot , as well as mutant spawns that you can farm and sell the parts to sakharov . 
  you can make huge bucks by selling rare mutant parts to him . 
  clear sky : a more difficult version of ecologist . 
  they are not friendly with the military and their starting base is super inconvenient , being in the southern most part of the map , but being friendly with mercenaries will make certain parts of the map like limansk and dead city a bit more tolerable . 
  mercenary : i 'd call this a more esoteric version of the loner start . 
  mercenaries do have a pretty good hub in dead city , and while it is attacked by bandits constantly , the mercs in the area will always win fights against them . 
  mercenaries themselves tend to be quite well equipped and make for good companions , but being enemies with loners will be a little annoying . 
  military : approaching the more difficult end of the scale . 
  they have a good base at agropom , and you can go underground in agropom to get a full-condition rifle ( i ca n't remember what it is in the base mod , but with ao3 , it 's an ak74 ) and a sunrise suit ) , however all but duty and ecologist are initially hostile . 
  like with mercs , many soldiers have high-level equipment and make for good companions , but you will be shooting at a lot of people . 
  bandit : the most difficult start , really . 
  excepting freedom , everyone is hostile . 
  other bandits generally have bad equipment as well , and their hubs are in the middle of other factions who shoot them constantly . 
  monolith : the difficulty of having absolutely everyone hostile to you is balanced by pretty much complete dominance over anything north of army warehouses . 
  there 's also a lot of end-game stuff lying around in monolith bases that you can just take because you 're friendly with them ( like an exo-suit in sarcophagus ) , as well as incredibly powerful potential companions . 
  you probably have an idea of what you 're getting into by picking monolith , though . 
  huh , i did n't know doctorx broke hostage quests . 
  that makes a lot of sense . 
  i had one hostage quest in my log for several ingame days . 
  he just wandered around the whole map again and again and there was no option to `` rescue '' him ( not that he needed rescuing ) and he did n't even seem to be in any danger . 
  the one good thing about the muslim ban is that it is making the trump administration look incredibly bad incredibly fast . 
  i want this clown 's approval rating to drop like a brick . 
  hawaiian 's . 
  the fact that it will be a felony to get an abortion is flatly ridiculous , and i know that some people will think this as these law-makers being `` out of touch '' . 
  it 's actually far worse . 
  this is literally a thinly veiled attempt to just control women 's bodies . 
  they know , they must do , that outlawing abortion does n't actually stop abortion . 
  millions of women in other places will try to abort unwanted babies illegally , and they often get mutilated or they die . 
  not only that , legal abortions are very safe and non-invasive , and often happen very early on . 
  there are no good ways to justify criminalising abortion . 
  anyone seriously thinking that abortion should be outlawed is misinformed or malicious . 
  awful , is n't it ? 
  the us police force does n't care about people who do n't follow orders . 
  `` just doing my job '' is really the only option they have . 
  i 'm sure that many of these police officers do n't want to arrest and manhandle their countrymen , but they 're forced to . 
  the alternative is being homeless . 
  in terms of the us ? 
  bad . 
  way too many incidents of gun crime , gang violence , school shootings , and bad use of deadly force from police . 
  more guns means more gun crime meaning the police get more guns to combat the gun crime and then civilians get more guns to combat the increased amount of guns the police has , so on and so forth . 
  couple that with a virtually non-existent mental healthcare system and a countrywide fetishism of guns leads to a weird and paranoid death-wish society ( half of texas jerks off to the thought of shooting a home invader dead ) . 
  however , other countries do it fine . 
  places in europe or australia , where you can have a gun if you have proven yourself responsible and fit to own one for leisure or hunting or whatever . 
  ideally , there should be no reason for anyone to turn a gun on their fellow man . 
  that is if humanity even survives another few centuries . 
  hos feels , story-wise , like it 's supposed to go in sometime during the main story , but it does n't play that way . 
  it is significantly harder than the main game ( i found the first boss of hos harder than eredin ) , and the entry-level quests to hos have a higher recommended level . 
  if you 're planning to play on lower than death march , then you could do hos before ending the main quest , otherwise , do it after . 
  i just do n't get it . 
  why do people care so much about sanskrit ? 
  yeah , some cool stuff has been written in it , but so what ? 
  cool stuff has been written in english . 
  hit the nail on the head . 
  gun companies make a lot of money peddling fear to a pretty scared populace . 
  you can also notice they do a lot of stuff appealing to masculinity and whatnot . 
  they sell big , black , scary-looking guns and talk of its lethality . 
  the people in charge of these companies care not a lick for the safety of the average american when it comes to the 2nd amendment , they just stand by it so they can push more product . 
  `` live as they wish '' sounds a bit optimistic . 
  with the political and social climate as it is , it will be more like `` survive '' . 
  there is already a huge stigma towards those unemployed or seen as `` mooching '' off the government from unemployment benefit , and that 's still going to be there when ubi rolls around . 
  i sure hope you 're right . 
  it sounds simple and practical in words , but you know that we are dealing with capitalists still , who will make things worse out of stubbornness . 
  even if they start eradicating non-whites or whatever they 're planning , wo n't it eventually mean their standards will shift once all the non-whites have gone ? 
  they 'll start decrying people who they previously considered whites as non-whites , and that 'll keep going until some inevitable catastrophe . 
  you can consider it talking in a language that they understand . 
  of course , no one is born a nazi , so the end goal will to have infrastructure that stops people from falling into any sort of hard-right populism ideology to begin with , but with the nazis that are there currently , there 's a saying that fits quite well , `` you can not reason someone out of a position they did n't reason themselves into '' . 
   why is this a good thing ? 
  can you explain what you think the benefits of this are ? 
  it worked during wwii . 
  nazi germany was stopped through violence . 
  not only that , their army was weaker during the mid 1930s , if they had been attacked then , they 'd have been defeated much earlier . 
   i mean if you apply this strategy to capitalism , would n't that mean you should be trying to build the best business you can through socialist means to prove that the capitalist system is inefficient ? 
  it 's weird that we only seem to advocate this methodology when it comes to violence against fascism . 
  hmmm . 
  good point . 
   i wish we 'd talk about that then . 
  although i disagree with your use of the future tense , since we should be putting programs in place to stop nazis now . 
  you 're telling me that we need to bail out the boat and then plug up the leaks , but by the time we get around to the leaks the boat 's going to be refilled . 
  that 's what i meant by end goal . 
  such infrastructure wo n't be put in instantly . 
  in keeping with the boat analogy , once the water is already in , you ca n't get it to flow back to where it came , you have to get rid of it some other way . 
   if you honestly think people did n't have `` reasons '' to embrace right-wing ideology then you 're setting yourself up to fail . 
  yes , those reasons were based on emotional reactions , but that 's true of our reasons as well . 
  socialism is n't a cold , logical platform , it 's an empathic one . 
  fascism is based on emotions too - fear and hatred of the outside . 
  all ideology is pursued through reason guided by emotion .
