  they also carry a much added benefit of having a very small memory footprint . 
  many popular tiling window managers for linux use a single mb of ram , or even less , to run . 
  and take exclusives from windows and it 's suddenly irrelevant . 
  if i was n't forced to use windows to play aaa games , then i would n't use it all . 
  if you 'd like , i can teach you the basics and walk you through an install . 
  it 's not scary . 
  through wine ? 
  steam functions but it not ideal , there 's really no reason to use it because there 's a native linux version . 
  i recognise that name , did n't you get banned from linuxmasterrace for basically eternally shitposting ? 
  e : ah , my mistake . 
  you left of your own accord . 
  i do n't know . 
  `` rubbing reality '' may be , but that is n't an excuse to act like an ass when people offer counterpoints . 
  pcmr has just as much assholery and hypocrisy . 
  linux will never be the mainstream os as long as windows exists , as microsoft has proven they can do controversial screw-up again and again and their market share will stay frozen in place . 
  does n't mean progress should n't be made to make linux a gaming platform . 
  i find [ this ] ( https://github.com/dotfloat/steam-appmanifest ) works easier . 
  it might as well be . 
  there 's a scythe in the base game as well as two scythe-like weapons in the dlc . 
  one is more of a pickaxe and the other is rather esoteric , but still has a scythe-like shape and moveset . 
  the first two are more skill-based and the last is strength-based . 
  the earliest you can get arcane gems is probably the chalice dungeon that you can make with the chalice you get from bsb . 
  the soldier enemies have a chance to drop fire gems . 
  well , that 's handy . 
  i hate having to farm stuff , rng is a nightmare . 
  make sure to talk to his head on the floor . 
  in cathedral ward ? 
  i only recall there being one brain-sucker there , and you did n't need to kill bsb , but you did need to pay 10k souls for the emblem . 
  i 'd like to know which chalice dungeons exactly people are talking about . 
  farming for chunks is honestly one of my least favourite parts of the game . 
  it 's like an annoying artificial barrier preventing me from using weapons because they 're not good enough . 
  dark souls let us farm the equivalent of blood rocks from slow sword-wielding backstab-magnets , why ca n't bloodborne ? 
  it 's not like it 'll ruin the game to let a character have a lot of +10 weapons considering he can only use one at a time . 
  try to be the aggressor in combat . 
  poise is gone , but many enemies are stunlocked easier , if you can get in range to r1 spam , you 'll usually kill them quickly . 
  insight works similarly to humanity . 
  you use it to summon people , but do not lose it if you die . 
  you can spend it at the insight messenger . 
  frenzy is the equivalent to bleed . 
  slow poison is the equivalent to poison , and fast poison is the equivalent to toxin . 
  parrying is different . 
  it is done with guns ( though you can actually parry with many projectiles ) , but the timing is different . 
  rather than mid-swing , it is after they begin the attack but before they actually swing . 
  usually , with their arm raised above their head . 
  be mindful of the transform ability . 
  some transforms are much better suited to situations than others . 
  remember that pressing the transform button following another attack , or after dodging , will do a transform attack which will transform to the other form while also attacking . 
  there is no equipment load . 
  equip whatever you want , it wo n't impact your stamina meter . 
  fashion souls is in full effect . 
   killing is necessary, 
  no it 's not . 
  and you do what ? 
  kill them ? 
  it wo n't undo what they did . 
  it 'll just satisfy bloodlust . 
  he 's already in your prison . 
  he 's of no danger to your innocents . 
  you do n't really need to fight djura , you can pretty safely ignore him . 
  there 's a few goodies if you manage to kill him , though . 
  the easiest way is to rush him and r1 spam him off the tower , then quit & reload to pick up the loot . 
  beast cutter is basically for getting lots of things at once and cheesing certain enemies . 
  i have found it 's really bad in actual boss-fights unless you 're trying to play it as safe as possible . 
  such a cool weapon though . 
  thanks . 
  i 'll get on as soon as i can . 
  wait a minute , you can use the personal effects menu like that ? 
  i 'm at like 150 hours and i did n't know that . 
  i never gave it much thought to be honest . 
  i always just thought of it as `` that annoying menu that comes up when i 'm trying to do gestures '', 
  i am honestly surprised you were n't pounced on for complaining about things that you are completely uninformed about . 
  if there is one stat that is worse than the rest , it is bloodtinge , and that is not because bloodtinge is bad , but because it is considerably more situational/niche than the others . 
  bloodborne differs from the other two in that fashion was pretty much the concept in mind when they made the armour system . 
  there is no equip load at all , and stamina drains and repletes at the same rate regardless of what you wear . 
  it looks cool to be honest . 
  that and the dash r1 and charged r2 ( especially ) are absolutely devastating . 
  because everyone has already collectively decided the whirligig saw is the best weapon , so to avoid everyone saying the same thing , people are saying their second favourites . 
  mensa is pretty commonly known but it is n't really taken seriously . 
  they do n't actually do much . 
  poison throwing knives . 
  it takes 2 to poison him and it does % health damage . 
  everyone struggles with different bosses . 
  ask anyone what their hardest boss was , and you 'll get answers for bosses that are hard for different reasons . 
  for instance , a lot of people say rom is difficult , but she is n't difficult for the same reason someone like gascoigne is difficult . 
  as far as i 'm concerned , unless it is a frc , there is no reason to summon unless you need help with the boss . 
  if i get summoned and see that you have n't even hit the lever , i am blanking right out . 
  the madman 's knowledge before gascoigne 's daughter is the path i always take . 
  you want the music box anyway , and from then you can open the gate and then either run past the wolves to open the shortcut for cleric beast , or go back down into the sewers to open the elevator for gascoigne . 
  because the threaded cane is pretty situational . 
  if you need decently fast weapon with high range that is also serrated , then it is good . 
  otherwise , it will lose a dps check against the `` higher tier '' skill weapons every time , has low base damage , and has very minimal stagger , which is something that beast cutter does n't lack for . 
  you really think the burial blade is better than the folders and ludwig 's ? 
  it has some incredibly good moves but it is nowhere near the versatility of the others . 
  because there 's no point putting the bom in the list if the rakuyo does what it does but better . 
  he does this for many weapons in the video , such as the ludwig 's being `` kirkhammer but better '', 
  other high-tier weapons have low stamina usage ( especially the rakuyo and the bom ) , righteous modifier literally does n't mean shit ( especially since it is only 20 % compared to ludwig/kirk 50 % ) , and again , the bom 's charge is faster . 
  ludwig 's has slash , thrust , and blunt , as does the kirkhammer . 
  chikage has slash , thrust and blood , the third of pretty much no enemy in the game has a huge resistance to . 
  holy moonlight has slash , thrust , and arcane , and there 's probably a few other significant ones i 'm missing . 
  it is true that the cane has a high range when transformed , but the stagger is minimal and the beast cutter outranges it .
