  magicka does not regenerate over time like it does in oblivion and skyrim , but no one will judge you if you download a mod that makes it do so ( like fair magicka regen ), 
  the numbers on a weapon 's damage ( eg thrust 1-10 ) is how much damage it will do if you click , then how much it will do if you hold click until the animation stops and let go , so always do the latter if you can . 
  the attack you will do depends on the direction you move when you initiate the attack , but you can tick `` always use best attack '' in the options and not bother with this . 
  there is still an icon that pops up when you are undetected , and sneak attack criticals do exist . 
  it 's morrowind though , so the sneak mechanics are a little janky . 
  `` cast when used '' enchanted items and scrolls work the same way as spells . 
  select them from your magic menu , then hit the magic button . 
  probes are for disarming traps on doors/chests/whatever . 
  the higher quality the probe , the more likely each attempt is to work . 
  here are some tips that are slight spoilers . 
  i would tell them to people struggling with the early game , but it may be more fun to figure them out yourself . 
  in the census office , when you select your class and birthsign , steal the limeware platter to your right as you face ergalla , and then immediately drop it . 
  the guard will scold you , but nothing will happen . 
  pick it back up at no penalty and then go sell it to arrille . 
  a lot of easy money just for doing that . 
  ] ( / spoiler ), 
  behind the lighthouse , there is an enchanted axe in the tree stump . 
  ] ( / spoiler ), 
  picking the left path out of seyda neen is generally a better choice . 
  do n't use the scrolls of icarian flight you find , you wo n't survive the fall . 
  continuing to follow the road will lead you to pemenie . 
  either kill her or do her quest , the shoes she gives you are * immensely * useful , though you might not get much use of them yet . 
  starting as a breton is the best way to be able to use them straight away . 
  ] ( / spoiler ), 
  you can only join one great house . 
  ] ( / spoiler ), 
  morrowind does n't level-scale nearly as much as oblivion/skyrim does . 
  by all means , explore as many ancestral tombs and caves as you want , but if you walk into one and hear a really scary , reverberated `` dieeee '' coming from the hostile occupants , you should run . ], 
  ( / spoiler ), 
  depends which one you like the most . 
  telvanni is probably the most unique and interesting , though . 
  try them if you have n't . 
  sure is . 
  skyrim 's dragonborne dlc takes place in solstheim , the same island where morrowind 's bloodmoon expansion ( yeah , it 's old enough to be an expansion , back when they sold them in their own boxes ) is set . 
  magicka does come back when you sleep , which is how the game intends for you to restore magicka . 
  the atronach sign stops you from doing that , the only way to get it back is spell absorption or restore magicka potions , but those are really finicky and annoying to use regularly . 
  if you want to have a high amount of magicka , high-elf under mage sign will give you a pretty large bonus , and breton under mage works well , too . 
  sneak assassin will indeed work , but you will still probably have to do a lot of face to face combat . 
  i generally would n't recommend trying rely on morrowind 's stealth mechanics as the npcs are annoyingly telepathic sometimes . 
  does n't matter , though . 
  light armour and short blade ( which i assume you 've picked ) will still work in a 1-1 engagement . 
  you can tell me what you picked for your character ( skills , race , birthsign , etc ) and i 'll tell you what i 'd change , if you like . 
  dunmer is a good choice , and those skills are pretty alright choices as well . 
  personally , i would have only made sneak a major and put the rest in minor . 
  i 'll explain why , though this is number-crunching , power-gamey sort of stuff , and honestly does n't matter in the long run , so you 're free to skip the next paragraph . 
  many morrowind veterans will put skills they will use but take a while to level up in their major ( like enchant , illusion , mysticism etc ) while putting everything that gets a lot of use in their minor . 
  leveling up both majors and minors contributes to gaining levels , and if you 're going to use a skill a lot , it is better to put it into minor as you wo n't need to level it as fast as a major skill ( as it will be used all the time ) and you 'll get more levels out of it ( as minor skills get a lower base bonus than majors ) . 
  enchant , for instance , is n't used a whole lot , so having it in major means that it has a big base bonus and it levels up faster . 
  if this makes sense , great , if not , do n't worry about it . 
  as for the shadow , the shadow is a pretty bad choice . 
  mostly because invisibility is n't that helpful ( it dispels as soon as you do anything like open a door or attack ) and that mid-game spells can do what the shadow does . 
  the ones that give passive bonuses with no strings attached are very good choices ( lover , lady , steed , warrior etc ) , so pick them if you 're unsure . 
  lady is a free 50 points of attributes , and the lover 's 60 second ( yep ) stun is very helpful . 
  the only truly bad signs , i think , are tower and lord . 
  tower because the power becomes super redundant later on , and lord because the heal is not worth double damage from fire . 
  as for races , in my personal opinion , imperial is the worst race in the game . 
  their powers , attribute spread , and starting skill bonuses are n't particularly great . 
  if you want to roll a pure warrior , orc , nord , and redguard are great for it . 
  redguard especially , as their power and starting +15 to long blade are very effective . 
  nord , however , gets 100 % innate resistance to frost ( meaning no damage from frost ) as well as 50 % innate resistance to lightning , making them very good . 
  for mages , breton is generally a good choice , their power , boost to max magicka , and innate resistance to magicka are all terribly useful . 
  i would personally always recommend breton or redguard for races for people completely new to the game . 
  with breton , however , your starting health will be quite low , and if you play as a female , your strength will be lower , too . 
  yes . 
  levelling works the same as oblivion , level up major or minor skills ten times , then rest . 
  link is 404 . 
  really ? 
  was n't he the one who came up with the social desirability bias ? 
  he was pretty on point with that , i think . 
  did you mean systematic oppression of black people ? 
  looks like an error . 
  holy strawman , batman, 
  remember you 've got to make a post ( rule 4 of the side bar ) explaining why your post is bad linguistics . 
  reading through the article , i 'm not seeing anything particularly wrong . 
  the article is more or less on sapir-whorf , but the author writes that it 's `` true to a faint , flickering degree '' , and chalks up much language evolution to chance . 
  he gives examples of languages that have more words in a sentence , or are more specific than others , and notes that all native language speakers think their own language is natural and efficient and works for them . 
  i do n't know much about german , but i think it should be something like, 
  because no modal verb is used , and `` welche '' is used because it 's the equivalent to `` which '' , the noun is feminine and the case is nominative . 
  because you need to use imperative tense because you 're instructing someone to do something . 
  what did he mean by `` take a wank '' ? 
  i 've been learning for a month or so . 
  i know there are all sorts of different declensions and such for nouns and verbs and such , though i have n't memorised them . 
  i looked up which `` welche '' to use . 
  why is the bot in german ? 
  it 's so true . 
  i think maybe one in 20 people on r/le _ pen are actually french . 
  this is always the first thing that comes to my mind whenever americans brag about stuff like the moon landing . 
  `` we landed on the moon !!! '' . 
  no , some of your countrymen landed on the moon . 
  * you * were probably sitting on your ass in primary school , mr baby boomer . 
  where did he get these numbers from ? 
  62 ( or even 70 ) ca n't be an average , if it 's that low , it 's a sign of serious mental development defects . 
  very much sounds like he made them up . 
   centrism, 
  you 've triggered me . 
  i hope you 're happy . 
  i really love how defensive americans get about circumsised . 
  every single time it is brought up , they have to go on and on about the ( alleged ) benefits , especially when they talk about how `` women like it more '' . 
  i wonder what it feels like to hold on to a principle so insecure that other peoples ' validation is * required * for it to stand up . 
  i do n't know why i 'm even bothering to respond to someone called `` blueyesblondehair '' , but christianity does the exact same things you just described .
