  i would n't recommend it as your only combat skill though , the chance to miss and arrows not being retrievable if you miss the target completely means that you go through arrows quite quickly . 
  for a first playthrough , i 'd really recommend just the essential code patches and such , perhaps the graphics overhaul if your pc can handle it , and maybe some light things like the faster movement speed mod or the magicka regen mod . 
  i 'd leave tamriel rebuilt as it replaces the routes of some fast travel providers , which is really unhelpful when you 're trying to get to certain places . 
  you say that now but morrowind is * very * stingy with fast travel routes and the base movement speed is more the tortoise than the hare , even when running , which also depletes your stamina . 
  strength and agility are solid choices for favourite attribute . 
  they all are , really , but the benefit of those two are the most immediately obvious . 
  i 'd personally pick strength , as at high weapon levels , you 'll be hitting a lot anyway . 
  breton is a good choice , one of the best races because of that sweet 50 % magicka resist , but their racial bonuses are all based towards being a mage . 
  this is just a personal preference thing , but i would ditch speechcraft for illusion , as illusion is basically just speechcraft but better as it also has things like night-eye and paralyse , and bretons have a racial bonus to illusion . 
  destruction is also arguably underpowered , but go right ahead if you want to . 
  i 'd prefer to have restoration there , as with restoration , you 'll be able to regenerate health/fatigue and be able to buff yourself . 
  mysticism has offensive spells in it anyway , in the form of health absorbing , and you have enchant if you want to do elemental damage . 
  i find destruction is really a magicka sink as you have to spend a lot to get the same result as just swinging a sword , but it is nice to have a ranged attack . 
  all the elder scrolls games , especially the latest three as they basically embody the `` bethesda open-world rpg '' formula that they got successful with , being morrowind , oblivion , and skyrim . 
  morrowind is my favourite and the one i think is best , but the other two are okay . 
  there 's a bethesda sale all the time so you can pick them up for cheap . 
  the 3d fallouts ( 3 and new vegas ) are also like this . 
  again , sales are pretty frequent so you 'll be able to pick them up quite cheaply . 
  university student . 
  i stick with windows on my main pc because all i use it for is games , i have 2 laptops ( one ancient acer on debian , the other a thinkpad on fedora ) and an rpi . 
  i got into the linux scene last year , and i 'm interested in programming , which is what i 'm at uni for , contributing to foss sounds like a noble goal and perhaps a more productive use of my time . 
  you have movement abilities . 
  your ult speeds you up . 
  edit : did people miss the sarcasm or was my joke just bad, 
  tar - xtract ze files, 
  dota is balanced considerably better than overwatch is . 
  the thing is , some of the differences between photoshop and gimp are pretty obvious to people who actually use them . 
  the ui and all the keyboard shortcuts and such are usually different between the two , which is why i do n't like using gimp because i have photoshop 's shortcuts committed to memory ( even though i do n't use it very often ) . 
  you get a lot of people on / g / that vilify video games for whatever reason . 
  you should have no problems . 
  might even be able to play it at high @ 60 . 
  the fact that you 're asking this while having a k-series processor does make me wonder , though . 
  did you buy this computer off someone ? 
  right . 
  the reason i say that is because a k-series is enthusiast grade . 
  they 're meant to be overclocked , and if you knew about overclocking , you 'd know what games you could and could n't run . 
  `` i actually do n't care about whales at all and ca n't name another sea creature the japanese eat , but i hate them for having slanty eyes ( or something ) so i want to drop bombs on them '', 
  `` gratis '' means `` free '' in a lot of languages , including english . 
  it 's a latin root word . 
  the ender dragon was added pretty late in development , though . 
  minecraft was plenty popular in its alpha state ( when i bought it ) and there were n't even beds at that point . 
  no lock-ons , no good-in-all-situations assault rifles/lmgs , no super effective cheesy things like jihad jeep , no defensive field upgrade , no regenerating vehicle health and it still is somehow a lower skill floor than bf4 ? 
  if you want bf3 , go play it . 
  it still exists . 
  sure but even native english speakers make the `` should of '' mistake . 
  i see a whole lot of them . 
  then go play bf3 . 
  they still go to english class and stuff . 
  at least where i live , a native english speaking country , english is a mandatory subject until the last year of high school . 
  if you want bf3 , go play it . 
  it still exists . 
  this is a bad idea . 
  a big problem that bf3 and 4 had was the shared pool of weapons made every class very similar , especially in 4 when carbines were all class rather than pdws . 
  in bf1 , assault and to a lesser extent support are * supposed * to be weak for long range combat . 
  giving them bolt actions would remove that huge disadvantage and also make the recon class worthless as you only play him for his guns because his gadgets are nothing special . 
  that and you can still be insta-killed by a bayonet charge as a special class . 
  `` worse gunplay '' is your opinion . 
  in my experience , the pre-frostbite bfs have had really floaty gunplay , especially if there was any packet loss at all . 
  `` planes easier to fly '' is your opinion . 
  frankly , i find them a hell of a lot harder to actually fly with than bf4 's planes but at least there is n't a stinger lock-on tone every 5 seconds . 
  `` time limits '' ? 
  seriously ? 
  you know that 's a choice by dice to run on their own beta-test servers , and that when the game launches and people have their own servers , they 'll have whatever time limit they want ? 
  i 'll give you the benefit of the doubt and just assume that you did n't think of that rather than that you 're just looking for something to be offended about . 
  `` it 's stupidly dumbed down '' , first problem is assuming bf was ever complex to begin with , second is having your own stupid metric on what is and is n't `` dumbing down '' . 
  i loved bf4 , but it was n't a hard game to get the hang of at all . 
  so really grungy and green/yellow or something ? 
  readability is actually nice and the good thing with uis like bf1 's is that they scale up and down very well . 
  what the hell was dice thinking ? 
  rogue transmission has the ru team win more than 3/4s the time . 
  that makes sense , but bf has had really big problems with asymmetrical maps in the past , just look at gulf of oman . 
  why do the hell do mines despawn if you die ? 
  iirc they did n't in bf4 , and it does n't make sense to give the class that dies the most something that requires them to stay alive to take effect . 
  i 'm super impressed by these guys . 
  it 's one thing to port over a windows program with wine or something , it 's another thing entirely to literally rewrite the engine . 
  anyone who has n't played this yet should , it is one of the best wrpgs ever made , and it is certainly bethesda 's high point . 
  `` children should n't be playing anyways '' is literally a non-argument . 
  they do . 
  these games are pretty much marketed towards them . 
  not saying that the playerbase is composed entirely of kids , but if kids did n't buy them , there would be huge drops in profit . 
  is / r/dgu really a gun control sub ? 
  they have a bunch of pro-gun subs on the sidebar , and seem to not like grc very much . 
  hang on , i listened to a stromae song once . 
  does n't allez-vous faire mean `` go and fuck yourself '' ? 
  i 've lived in nz since first year of primary school and not once did i see bill nye being mentioned outside of the internet or used in any teaching materials . 
  i was born in zimbabwe . 
  i take it one day at a time , you know . 
  reference to the first diablo and is a really old holdover from dota 1 days . 
  a wisdom modifier is a stat you get from your wisdom ability score ( your total amount of wisdom , the average human is a 10 , with wise sages being maybe 15 or higher ) , and it is applied to every action you take that regards wisdom . 
  -3 is a pretty hefty penalty , by the way . 
  stopping power was n't used with the ump45 . 
  the mp5k had a superior ttk and the vektor was generally more reliable in close range . 
  what the ump was overpowered in regards to was its damage model 40 at close and 35 at long range , which meant without stopping power , it was a 3 hit kill at any range ( which beat out the 40-30 model that the strong ars used ) , so pairing a silencer with the ump45 meant you had a weapon with a 3 hit kill at all range , a fast movespeed , low recoil ( due to the ump 's low recoil ) and a free red perk . 
  the morag tong is way cooler anyway , though . 
  i use embrace , it 's quite fun . 
  i really do like the mechanic of overpowering high-level people i find in my travels and making them into personal vamp warriors . 
  consider that n'wah and s'wit are n't english words to begin with, 
  he says it like it 's something to be proud of , but ends up being more sas still due to the prevalence of exploiting workers in the us and people seemingly being okay with it . 
  yeah man , i remember when a local girl went missing and this guy personally went out and rescued her . 
  i do n't understand why he wants to get compensation for all the good things the us has allegedly done when not a hair on his body was responsible for any of them .
