  if you can try to compensate with weapons that do n't require good aim ( pdws that can hipfire , shotguns etc ) , you should still be able to use the game sense and knowledge you already have to get to par . 
  imagine if it did hit the driver , though . 
  it 's already pants-wetting driving around on quads and dirtbikes and such with javelins around, 
  what platform are you playing on ? 
  i 'm on pc and it seems i can find a full 64-player game of conquest with no added rules no matter when i look . 
  in fact , the only server i 've found with added rules was a chinese server that limited the number of sniper rifles on each team to 5 . 
  premium . 
  there 's still a sizable premium playerbase , and the dlc maps are , in my opinion , a lot better in most instances than the vanilla maps . 
  mostly . 
  except for the china rising maps , they suck . 
  the dumbing down started with bad company 1, 
  it was better than it used to be . 
  in bf3 , there was no test range at all . 
  you had to be in a live round every time you wanted to change settings . 
  well , yeah , pretty much . 
  i 've got about 60,000 or so score left to go until the last unlock . 
  agreed . 
  good sound design has pretty much been a staple of the series . 
  i came from a cod background and first played bc2 back in 2010 , and goddamn , 13-year-old me was pretty awestruck by how real the game sounded compared to cod . 
  i do n't see anything wrong . 
  how is jin jie assassinated before the campaign of bf4 ? 
  there was an analysis done march last year on weapon popularity , here 's an article on it . 
  though as far as i know , there have n't been any recent looks at weapon usage since . 
  just have a slash for 50 damage , for fuck 's sake, 
  are you fucking kidding me ? 
  bc2 was carl gustav central . 
  that thing was dumbfire and you can bet your illiterate ass that it was overpowered because it had no drop whatsoever . 
  right now it just feels like the ar160 is a slightly better cz805 . 
  almost the same stat-wise but ar160 has a faster reload and a lesser first shot recoil . 
  other than that , i 've been enjoying the cbj-ms a bit more . 
  the thing is pretty good for all situations now . 
  that sounds like a good idea . 
  it would prevent front knifing from people who are aware , but if you 're caught off guard , then it wo n't help you . 
  bc2 does n't need a remake, 
  there 's quite a few populated premium servers even in the aus region ( i know because i play on them ) . 
  i would say generally , the dlc maps are better than the vanilla ( except the china rising maps , they 're awful ) , and the dlc weapons are also good for finding a niche ( as well as just being more guns to play with ) . 
  honestly , the xm-25 dart is n't bad , there 's just no reason to use it . 
  and i do n't know why you said the soflam was bad . 
  if anything , the pld is bad because you ca n't see anything past 50m with irnv vision . 
  `` it is a vehicle map '' is all well and good but because the map is so ridiculously open , it is * incredibly * easy to get kills jihading constantly . 
  that 's what i do when i play silk road . 
  it 's the only way to have fun on that travesty of a map . 
  i think you 've nailed it to be honest . 
  i 've played a bit of bc2 lately ( for the first time in 4 years ) and while it 's still fun and playable , it is just not as good as i remember it being . 
  it was good because it was better than everything else out at the time . 
  the first assault weapon is n't very good at range ? 
  you mean the ak-12 ? 
  that 's one of the best long range assault rifles in the game , only beaten out by the sar-21 and the an-94 . 
  you really ca n't go `` a masterpiece , enough said '' . 
  system shock 2 has a lot of cool ideas and is quite the experience , but it has so many flaws that it turns a lot of people off . 
  dead space 1 and 2 are not fpses . 
  where is wolfenstein : the new order ? 
  it has to do with damage models . 
  a close-range assault rifle round ( from anything but the scar-h or bulldog ) deals 24.5 damage , leaving them on 2 hp if you hit them 4 times . 
  the scar-h and the bulldog also do 33 damage per hit , leaving them on 1 health if you hit them 3 times . 
  hardline is absolutely not the most active , that game is completely dead on pc . 
  though really , you 'll find players for most of the battlefield games . 
  4 has the most , though . 
  i know a caitlyn . 
  absolute sweetheart , she 's nice to everyone . 
  thanks , buddy !, 
  and you 're to blame, 
  the qbb-95 ( the chinese lmg ) is quite good , high capacity with fairly short reload , but the type-95b and the qbz-95-1 are pretty lackluster because their reload times are waaaaaaaay too long . 
  i would like to say that i am decent . 
  i like these changes . 
  if you want a battlefield game where the only competitive guns are the high rof ones , go back to 3 . 
  google makes phones as well . 
  the nexus line of phones is made by them . 
  two seconds on wikipedia . 
   google nexus is a line of consumer electronic devices that run the android operating system . 
  google manages the design , development , marketing , and support of these devices , but some development and all manufacturing are carried out by partnering original equipment manufacturers ( oems ), 
  while i admit it was a bit too forward to say they 're solely responsible for making the nexus line , to say all they do is hand `` contracts '' is n't correct either when design is what really counts with regards to `` making '' a phone considering manufacturing can be done by anyone . 
  yeah , what the hell ? 
  i live in nz and the doom series is priced at $ 22 aud , not even nzd . 
  i bet all they 'll use it for is web browsing , email , watching youtube videos or something , they wo n't be installing things all over the place . 
  hardcore is terrible . 
  snipers are way too common , weapon balance is shaken up far too drastically in regards to how much better low-recoil weapons are , vehicles end up absolutely destroying with a competent repair jockey , not being able to tell how much ammo you have is both unrealistic and dumb ( i can understand not being able to tell how many bullets you have left in your mag , but not being able to tell how many mags you have left is dumb ) , friendly fire is n't a fun addition to the game , and not having a minimap but still having a map you can bring up is just getting rid of convenience rather than adding any kind of difficulty . 
  i hate hardcore , i 'd rather just not play the game . 
  keep an open mind . 
  try all the different things linux offers . 
  for instance , i noticed in your flair you mentioned you installed cinnamon . 
  well , why not try the other des that linux offers ? 
  mint makes it easy , you just apt-get install them , log out , then log back with that de selected . 
  perhaps you 'll find you like xfce more , or you 'll like kde more , or perhaps you 'll like a tiling window manager like i3 more . 
  it would , but i live in nz and while i may luck out on getting a west coast us or sea server like that , choice is n't really much of an option for me . 
  if i want sub-100 ping , i have the choice of normal conquest large or hardcore ( with no added rules ) conquest large . 
  you can get steam working on most major distros if you try hard enough . 
  especially mint as it 's pretty much ubuntu . 
  i 'm running mint and steam right now , in fact . 
  this . 
  if gaming is the most intensive thing you 're doing with your pc , then it 's best to get the equivalent i5 . 
  while i am personally on nvidia 's side ( due to linux and drivers ) , i want amd to stay because i want there to be competition and i want vulkan to succeed . 
  i know khronos is the dev team , but it is built on amd 's mantle , and amd is likely going to have to spearhead vulkan support as it 's an api . 
  actually , yeah , considering i found an article that dates to about a month ago that said nvidia is planning to support vulkan as well means you 're probably right . 
  and i was trying to get that exact game working on my machine a few days ago . 
  how did you do it ? 
  that and / g / has a sizable population of trolls/shills and people who have absolutely no idea what they 're talking about . 
  oh man , i used to have an hd5450 . 
  this was back when my power supply was a huge 120w . 
  and i thought my jump from gt640 to the gtx960 was huge .
