  i 'm tired of saying the same argument again and again but the gist of it is that it would make the assault good at all ranges and make the recon obsolete because he is picked for his guns and not his gadgets . 
  in new zealand , it seemed public opinion was with sanders , but i suppose clinton will have to do . 
  dude , there is a mortar that does vehicle damage , it 's the he version . 
  would be pretty pointless . 
  the sweet spot of the m1903 starts at 100m , quite a bit beyond what is easy with an ironsight . 
  not allowing the player to use a springfield with no scope is part of dice 's balancing plan to force players to use weapons that are actually good . 
  i was pretty sad to find out that finishing all 5 medals for the week does n't grant you anything . 
  well , of course your listening and reading is better than your speaking . 
  understanding comes before speaking . 
  what you just said was basically `` i learned to stand around doing nothing before i learned how to run a marathon '' . 
  i remember reading a story about the guy who opened this chain , he was a heart surgeon who was sick and tired of continually operating on morbidly obese patients , so he started heart attack grill because he had run out of patience . 
  [ found something . 
  ] ( http://www.medicaldaily.com/jon-basso-owner-heart-attack-grill-comes-bad-his-high-calorie-burgers-new-showtime-series-297394 ) i do n't think he was a doctor ( must have remembered that wrong ) , but he sure was n't a fan of fat people . 
  wikipedia claims the thompson smg was invented by john thompson in 1918 . 
  you know what to do , dice . 
  there are n't a whole lot of actual americans here . 
  e : or maybe there are . 
  i was under the impression that there were n't . 
  i would n't say there 's anything hideously profane about this video , though he obviously is n't a linguist . 
  the problem with saying a language is or is n't easy is because it is all incredibly relative , though at least they are making a point that the video is designed with a monolingual american audience in mind . 
  and here i was thinking `` hah , there 's no way the american populace could surely be * this * dumb '' . 
  welp, 
  i played during the heyday of bc2 . 
  sure , it was fun , and i had a lot of enjoyment , but when people talk of it like it was bf 's golden age are looking at it with rose-tinted goggles . 
  closest thing to ars are either the medic slrs ( which are much closer to the dmrs of bf4 ) or the lighter lmgs ( the bar and the madsen ) . 
  bolt action rifles are restricted to the scout class , but do n't worry because everyone plays scout . 
  with the exception of special classes ( tanker , pilot , cavalry ) , the support class , and a few of the assault weapons ( the hellriegel and the 12g automatic ) , all primary guns have the option of a bayonet . 
  not going to lie , but that was a bit psychotic . 
  you can disagree with socjus all you want , but fantasizing about gunning people down is going off the deep end . 
  you 're contributing to the problem . 
  the thing is is that what he 's saying is n't necessarily * wrong * , but when you start seeing more and more confederate flags being bought when the whole blm thing and general rise of populist politics , one can only wonder . 
  to say the sales picked up all of a sudden because of a spike in historically-minded , neutral enthusiasts rings pretty hollow , even though there are certain to be a few of those . 
  why does he need his ak47 to go fishing ? 
  `` i love the freedom in this country to always find a justification for lethally shooting someone for ideologically disagreeing with me '', 
  she achieved a little less than 18 % of the vote in the first round of the 2012 elections , with sarkozy and hollande having 27 % and 28 % . 
  trump was really something else , because just by virtue of being the republican nominee in a very stagnant and unchanging 2 party system , he could win . 
  france has a whole slew of parties that get voted for in the first round . 
  even if an english-speaking subreddit populated by obvious americans was enough to give le pen another 3 or so million votes , she would then have to deal with the whole country choosing between her and the other candidate , and considering the current prime minister is centre-left , it would be a bit of a tall order . 
  i know there 's reason to be concerned , but le pen is n't someone new . 
  she and her father have been in politics for a long time . 
   lulz , there is always one pseudo-marxist hipster . 
  especially in the reddit community , fucking tons of them . 
  so is there one or are there tons ? 
  what have you got against danish people ? 
  the irony being that russia is even more intolerant of lgbt than the us is . 
  this guy does n't know that , though . 
   i know people in germany who had the police come to their door and warn them after they made facebook posts critical of the refugee policy . 
  no you do n't , lad . 
  if you need to lie to back up your position , then perhaps it 's time to get a new position . 
  calling us the `` birthplace of civilisation '' is just shockingly incorrect , it 's unreal . 
  it 's not true on pretty much any given metric , no matter how much you fudge the definition of `` civlisation '' unless you mean `` civilisation in the us '' . 
  someone saluting . 
  ah yes , a controversial tradition in the netherlands is representative of the continent as a whole . 
  now i have you tagged as `` ca n't understand english '' , because there is simply no excuse for missing my point that badly . 
  you 're legally allowed to , but people are n't fond of allowing schoolchildren to walk on the open road . 
  late as hell , but that kind of reload is called the iraqi reload and it does exist . 
  it works too , but there is a risk of dropping your gun because of the unbalanced force from holding the whole thing by the bolt . 
  not the first , though . 
  pre-columbian tribes were moderately sized bunches of hunter-gatherers at best , who only stayed in spot by virtue of very bountiful harvests . 
  they were civilisation , yes , but not the birthplace of civilisation . 
  archaeologists and anthropologists tend to agree that the birthplace of civilisation , or at least one of them , is in mesopotamia . 
  cities like jericho and mehrgarh date back all the way to 7000 bc . 
  oh , i misunderstood you , then . 
  whoops . 
  he 's got a nice moustache going on . 
  i think he was just asking if europeans say something different rather than `` ow '' . 
  i wonder if people actually believe this . 
  it would also mean swedes and germans are backwards because their language lacks a progressive tense ( or form , rather ) as well . 
  if i recall correctly , which i might not , but the name comes from iraqi combatants from the iraqi war who would reload that way . 
  the advantage comes from the fact that there is supposedly added speed . 
  normally , you replace the magazine and cock the weapon separately , but the iraqi reload does both at the same time , speeding things up . 
  swedish has something similar as well `` ligger och ... '' , `` sittar och ... '' etc , but it has no formal form like english has . 
  for instance , in swedish , the `` jag sittar och spelar '' means literally `` i sit and play '' , though it is regarded as the progressive form , you can see there has to be a little room for understanding it figuratively , and it does n't always have to be progressive if you 're doing two things at once , either , nor do you need to use this form to mean a progressive tense . 
  swedes can infer from context if you mean a progressive tense or an indicative one . 
  many language teaching programs , such as duolingo , will accept `` i run '' and `` i am running '' as acceptable translations for `` jag springar '' . 
  meanwhile , in english , you have a literal change in grammar , `` i run '' = `` i am running '' , and there is a clear divide as to when you 're supposed to use them . 
  for conventional english use , the progressive tense is only used when the action is happening , for instance , you never really say `` i am running on tuesdays '' , and if a friend rings you up while you 're in the middle of your 1500m race and asks you what you 're doing , you do n't say `` i run '' . 
  and only for one side . 
  the only presidents to win the presidency while still losing the popular vote have only been republicans , discounting john quincy adams who lived 200 years ago and was a democratic-republican , back when those existed . 
  it is baffling to a rational person , but when you see that farage and le pen also hate the poor and minorities , things start to make sense . 
  what * are * the good sources for news , anyway ? 
  feels like these days , i just wait a little bit after the news hits , and then listen to the people who have n't tripped over themselves saying something reactionary . 
  it is also that video games were n't really very common before millenials . 
  of course the generation in which video games first became incredibly successful commercially is the one that is going to consume them the most . 
  feels like people jump the gun on people liking video games sometimes . 
  which must have been yesterday . 
  happy 15th birthday , bro . 
  but ... they do have english in schools ... 
  i do n't live in europe , but nice try . 
  consider ` kein ' as the opposite to ` ein ' , in this kind of context :, 
  ich habe keinen hund = i have no dog = i do n't have a dog . 
  as someone who lives in nz with a very basic grasp of german , this sub is encouraging me to learn a bit faster . 
  morrowind references get upvotes from me . 
  it is still a definite noun . 
  it 's tricky to explain when you 're supposed to use nicht vs kein , but most of the time , you do n't use nicht when describing quantities of definite nouns . 
  on the mechanics side of things , here 's a bunch of things that are the basic , imperative things that you should know :, 
  fatigue is important and influences if you 'll hit an enemy or not . 
  try to engage enemies with full fatigue if you can . 
  fatigue also influences your chance of casting a spell . 
  the numbers you see in your inventory ( eg awesome heal spell 12/70 ) means that it costs 12 magicka to cast , and has a 70 % chance of casting successfully .
