  i keep my toothbrush in the living room , actually , on top of the stairs . 
  not as much as you 'd think . 
  sure , if you want to get big name talent like the guy who voiced strong , but even still , voice-acting is n't that big a deal . 
  i 'd hazard a guess that voice acting was less than 5 % of the budget , if that . 
  the shishkebab 's been changed . 
  in 3/nv , it was a straight blade with a gas tank that was mounted on your back as a fuel source . 
  in 4 , it 's a curved blade ( made from what looks like a katana ) and has the fuel jets on the blade instead . 
  fled east to escape the ncr ? 
  that 's a pretty damn long way to be fleeing . 
  that 's literally one side of the coast to the other , a reverse oregon trail . 
  if they wanted to be free of the ncr , they could just go into legion territory . 
  east to legion territory is a hell of a shorter walk than east to the sodding commonwealth . 
  according to google maps , from california to boston , that 's a distance of 5,000 kilometres . 
  to get to boston from the ncr , you 'd have to go through legion territory anyway , unless you wanted to go all the way north to arroyo , then east . 
  i 'm sure living in a slightly dictatorial ncr would beat travelling 5,000 kilometres over irradiated wasteland to get to boston , probably not even knowing why . 
  even if they did want to go east , they 'd most likely stop at non-legion areas like texas or kansas or missouri . 
  and i 'm on my 4th playthrough of fallout 4 , thank you very much . 
  you should , the devs nailed the post-apocalyptic atmosphere . 
  this would eventually subside , however , especially after 200 years . 
  not only that , there are places like jacobstown that have snow . 
  seattle was going to be featured in a fallout game , and was going to have snow as well . 
  kellogg ( who is the only one in his family who went to boston ) * is * a unique case . 
  he also did n't have too much to live for in the west . 
  how he actually got from san francisco to boston is a bit hard to explain , but he did have a long time to do it , probably about 20-30 years . 
  the only other characters i can name that went all the way west to east are harold ( who is an immortal ghoul who can do whatever he wants ) , colonel autumn ( who is an enclave remnant who had access to vertibirds . 
  ) , and the dc bos chapter ( who have the resources and technology to do so ) . 
  each point of rad damage is 0.1 % of their max health . 
  50 rad damage per shot is 5 % of their max health . 
  it 's one of those ones that is more impressive on weapons that fire quickly , especially if you get that perk that doubles radiation damage . 
  i do n't think that 's why bethesda 's games are so buggy . 
  the main bethesda studio seems to have quite a bit of free reign on what they can do in their games and also seem to have quite a lot of creative freedom . 
  what is the actual stickler in bethesda 's games is that their dev team is so small . 
  less than 100 people made fallout 4 . 
  for comparison , 230 people made witcher 3 and more than 1000 made gta 5 . 
  english * is * my first language and i comprehended it as that as well . 
  alaska . 
  is it ? 
  i have n't seen any hints . 
  san francisco is a west coast place , though , so bethesda would n't do a game there . 
  i 'm not really sure what your point is , but i can say that just because they have creative freedom does n't mean their writing will be good . 
  not really . 
  they make a heap of new assets for every game they make , and an `` old '' engine does n't really mean much . 
  call of duty has been using iterations of the same engine since 2003 . 
  they have literally made sweeping changes to the engine every time they 've used it . 
  morrowind plays differently to oblivion which plays differently to fallout 3 which plays differently to skyrim which plays differently to fallout 4 . 
  the sore points of gamebryo come from bethesda 's pretty laissez-faire attitude towards quality assurance rather than any inbuilt limitation from gamebryo itself . 
  then what engine would you rather they use ? 
  bethesda does n't use gamebryo/creaton/whatever because they 're lazy or want to make their games as buggy as possible . 
  they do it because as far as engines go , gamebryo does a lot of things really * well * that people are content to gloss over . 
  there are not many engines that can render such huge exterior while also having a lot of actors and objects that can be drawn at a pretty impressive distance if you crank the settings up , and they especially ca n't do all that and also leave the game trivially easy to mod . 
  i ca n't really think of another engine that accomplishes the same kind of opennesss that you get with bethesda 's engine . 
  even dark souls , one of the ( in my opinion ) greatest rpgs of all time , does n't do it . 
  fable , which touted the whole `` freedom '' thing , does n't do it either . 
  john carmack himself has outright said that even fps engines he designed himself ( id tech ) would be completely unsuitable for the kind of game fallout is . 
  and laissez-faire does not mean `` lazy '' . 
  take the blitz perk for in-game accuracy to her combat powers . 
  not just one . 
  it happens quite a bit from time to time , actually . 
  though , there 's a few instances where a male pc gets referred to as a female . 
  i actually found curie my first playthrough . 
  i was just doing the random side-quests about the class and the cat because hey , what the hell , and then boom , curie . 
  the one that asks you to pay her for a tour , then tells you literally a sentence worth of information ? 
  the cheek . 
  i ca n't wait for mods to allow me to plant landmines in her back pocket . 
  strangely enough , you can get companions to wear and use power armour that does n't have a core in it . 
  why ? 
  power armour has never been this super rarity , with the exception of arcade 's armour . 
  having to go through a heap of hoops to get a single t-60 when the bos have suits for days does n't make sense . 
  in fallout 3 , it was gated behind training * because * it was so common . 
  you could scavenge t-45d off dead bos members in the first story mission that sends you to dc . 
  they did n't want the player getting a suit and then hanging in it for the rest of the game , which is what eventually happens when you do get training . 
  new vegas is almost the same way . 
  while the bos are more hidden , it is n't hard to get suits off of dead members if you know where to look , they 're in the same place every time . 
  it is , but they added things like fusion cores and having to repair pieces occasionally , as well as things like not being able to use unarmed weapons or do certain things like use workbenches , so you ca n't just chill out in power armour 24/7 like you could in the previous games ( once you got the training , that is ) . 
  ... no you do n't ? 
  not so much in 3 and nv because the benefits of them are n't so huge . 
  however , because jet is now bullet-time , i got the chem resistance perk in 4 and shoot up psychojet and fury like i have a grudge against my own veins . 
  turbo was considerably rarer . 
  that , and the combat mechanics of nv were n't really smooth enough for the kind of bullet time shenanigans that you can get up to in 4 . 
  did you see the elite riot gear in lonesome road ? 
  it was basically that armoured duster tenfold . 
  it was as protective as t-45d . 
  it 's maximum health . 
  who is your favourite fo4 companion ? 
  new vegas took less than a year , actually . 
  avellone claims that bethesda contacted them `` a few months '' after mothership zeta came out . 
  is this a reference to battlefield 3 , by any chance ? 
  if a simulation is n't discernible from the real thing , then what 's the difference to an outside observer ? 
  in some schools of philosophy , even , human sentience itself is just a really elaborate simulation . 
  there 's a theory that you do n't have free will , you just believe you do . 
  if that is the case ( and it very well could be ) , then deciding synth sentience is not real and human sentience is is arbitrary . 
  that 's the point . 
  if it is , for all intents and purposes , the same thing , then effectively , it is the same thing . 
  that analogy kind of backfires on you , even , because if there 's no difference , then no one would care or even notice unless they were specifically told it was synthetic . 
  at that point , it is then entirely subjective bias if they choose to refuse to eat it on the basis that it is n't meat , usually because they have too much pride to eat `` fake '' meat . 
  it 's pretty rare that i argue with someone who will outright tell me that they wo n't change their minds . 
  makes me wonder why they decided to argue in the first place , especially when you 're using such black-and-white comparisons to something as nebulous as sentience . 
  ah , nevermind , i must have misread then . 
  i 'm not particularly onto it today . 
  i interpreted the end of your last post something like `` you 're not going to change my belief that matrix is n't real life ( etc ) '' .
