  i think we just disagree on this point . 
  i do think socialism is the most logical ideology from where i stand ( all humans are equal , to me , is a more logical deduction than members of other races are inherently hostile ) all ideologies that deal with how people are supposed to live their lives will obviously be based on emotion in some way , but that does n't mean that all ideologies are emotionally equal . 
   the solution was not `` killing every nazi '' , it was killing enough nazis that the rest were demoralized and then seizing control of the means of nazi production ( i.e. 
  their schools and government ) . 
  i 'd say an important point to make was that not every german soldier actually agreed with the nazi ideology , so many of the soldiers who had the surrendering vote would not have been nazis . 
  still , there was a point in which the nazi ideology looked like it had some good grounds because nazi germany was very powerful at the time . 
  i 'm not sure how to word this eloquently , but i 'll say with a blanket statement that i do n't personally think that nazi germany could have been stopped or assuaged in any way without the use of violence . 
   well , i mean , there 's more to socialism than racial equality ... i 'd say the majority of what makes socialism `` socialism '' is founded in an emotional reaction to concepts of fairness , justice , and empathy . 
  not denying that , but it 's provable that showing fairness , justice , and empathy to as many others as you can , on principle , yields good rewards . 
  there is legitimate science behind psychology and how human beings react with each other , and while no one is exactly the same , general trends and motives can be made out . 
  socialism preaches fairness and equality to all , which leads to happier citizens , and more productivity , and a raised quality of life for all involved . 
  well , i agree with this , generally . 
  i think it is just because currently , there 's quite a tense and involved hostile political climate . 
  i live in a pretty trouble-free area and am reasonably well off ( far from america , i might add ) , but if i were a disenfranchised member of society , being targeted by spencer himself , i 'd probably be a lot angrier and more prone to violence against people like him who want me dead and are looking to be quite successful with convincing others with their beliefs . 
  i once had a drug run mission from freedom , and the drugs were in the monolith war labs . 
  i do n't even know how you 're supposed to get in . 
  it really kills me to know that there is no ending in which syanna and detlaff , but not anrietta , die . 
  syanna is a grade-a jerkbag and i do n't get why anrietta is so willing to forgive her because `` she 's my sister !!!, 
  it 's not uncommon for people to think the games are a little unfaithful , but i think it 's a worth sacrifice . 
  cdpr told the story they wanted to tell , because they thought that was the best they could do . 
  i think it 's good that geralt wo n't be the protagonist of another theoretical witcher game . 
  by the end of tw3 , he 's been such an influential figure ( radovid 's death , for one ) that it would detract from the story , i think . 
  he would n't be known as some random witcher or whatever , he would be known as an actual knight who has practically slain demigods , and it would be a bit strange to go from that to fighting level 1 nekkers for cheap crafting supplies again . 
  i play it sometimes but i really do n't like it . 
  it 's satisfying to win but so many npcs just have stupidly powerful cards ( everyone seems to have ciri and avallac ` h , that kind of thing is practically cheating ) and it takes so long to build up a deck , so you 're stuck with northern realms ( which everyone uses anyway , because spies are overpowered ) . 
  i 'm quite fond of the monster deck myself , but it 's a bother to hunt for all the monster cards . 
  oh , did n't know that . 
  i thought it was a given that detlaff survives if he kills syanna , dunno why . 
  still , that path gives you the dungeon ending , which is a shame . 
  positive : i have successfully retrieved the drugs, 
  negative : quest-giver shoots me on sight, 
  so what 's wrong with the ciri-avallach set-up in the game ? 
  i have n't read the books . 
  i dunno if you 're still stuck there , but golems have a lot of armour and heavy attacks bypass armour . 
  it 's best to use heavy attacks in that particular fight . 
  you get triss if you romanced her , yen if you romanced her , ciri if you romanced both/neither ( with different dialogue depending on if she is empress or not ) , and dandelion if ciri dies . 
  depends what difficulty you 're playing on . 
  it 's a huge step up in difficulty from the main game , so you 'll have to play it post-game if you 're playing on death march . 
  it is its own self-contained story , so it does n't really matter when you play it . 
  in fairness , an igni-based build using firestream was very powerful a very long time ago , but it was nerfed heavily . 
  yeah i often play the kind of football where the leading team has huge amounts of points deducted all the time, 
  the last two nightmares basically requiring a parry is what really makes that fight a real challenge . 
  i found the best strategy was to wait somewhat far away so as to bait that one charged attack they 'll do , which can then be parried once you get the timing down . 
  you must not have played very much r6s recently , then . 
  most of the balance issues in that game have been fixed . 
  in that case , the worry is pretty justified as siege was pretty broken for months . 
  though if siege is any indicator , ubi will be supporting fh for quite a bit . 
  i think the unique-ness of fh among triple-a games as it is will be enough to carry it , there are n't many 3d fighting games on the market right now . 
  most medieval melee combat games available right now , too , are indie projects that have even bigger problems than fh ( cough cough chivalry ) . 
  you 'd best believe it . 
  he 's the slowest out of the heavies , and might even be the slowest in the game , but he makes up for it by having such hugely damaging swings as well as a bunch of neat things . 
  his demon 's embrace ( the bear hug ) has given me a lot of kills , and it 's really good in a clutch scenario because of its potential to instakill . 
  i 'm almost afraid bannerlord might be vaporware . 
  it 's been `` set to release this year '' seemingly often . 
  kingdom come and mordhau look pretty good , though . 
  everyone 's viable , i 'm not sure about him in super-high level play because he is very slow , but he should be fine in any given pub game . 
  yeah , he has a bit of health . 
  he can also heal himself quite substantially with demon 's embrace, 
  nah , at least not with shugoki . 
  i usually default to orochi or something in duels . 
  high level play was literally just people exploiting . 
  for instance , your entire swing counted for full damage no matter when it actually contacted the enemy . 
  if you look toward an enemy 's right , for example , and swing your sword from left to right , if the enemy is touching the path as it begins , they take full damage . 
  this was used to drastically reduce the start-up times on many attacks . 
  i actually stopped following chiv a really long time ago , i know it basically died out but ca n't remember why . 
  what ended up happening in the end ? 
  actually , i showed up to this quest in the nilfgaardian clothes you get from the quest at the beginning to see emhyr and it worked . 
  being in valhalla implies you died . 
  which you will !, 
  have fun with our captured territories while you can !, 
  but max was pretty doe-eyed and looked ( and acted ) so harmless and bumbling . 
  this one has a sneer halfway between pitying and scornful . 
  i only had to try tozen twice yet apollyon took me more than an hour . 
  how was he easier than apollyon ? 
  i did apollyon solo on realistic and that made me burst a blood vessel or twenty, 
  these strike me as kinda misleading . 
  they have to be using means or something , because there 's no way the average person in the us makes almost 30 % more than in sweden . 
  the minimum wage in the us is pitiful , and many occupations only pay slightly more than that . 
  pk kinda stays good , really . 
  she has mad mix-up potential and is very , * very * mobile . 
  fighting her on a slow character ( like shugoki ) is hell, 
  a lot of mainstream japanese developers are still very bad at porting to pc , with the exception of capcom , and even then , only recently . 
  also , money . 
  what 's keigo ? 
  the thing about exclusivity deals is that they often fund the game 's development . 
  the problem with game development is that you need the money before it comes out because games take a lot of time to create , but they only make their money afterward . 
  sure , the developers might make more money with it on pc , but without the exclusivity deal , the game would not have been made . 
  that 's just a general situation though , i do n't know how it was for nioh specifically . 
  well , i bought a ps4 just for bloodborne , but yeah it 's an awful , anti-consumer situation and i still hate sony, 
  that seems quite complicated . 
  are they drastically different ? 
  that honestly looks like a nightmare . 
  how do the japanese deal with this ? 
  what are the social ramifications of not using keigo ( eg using the most common one for all situations ) ? 
  that second one is genius . 
  there was . 
  there seemed to be a consensus that allowing non-citizens to vote ( new zealand does this , and the flag referendum was no exception ) was why the flag did n't change . 
  i can only really back this up with an anecdote , but my family are all immigrants , though my mother 's boyfriend is a native new zealander . 
  we all voted for the flag to remain , and we were all non-citizens ( i 'm not anymore , but i was at the time ) . 
  each samurai is worth 10 .
