  thank you for proving my point, 
  any kill with the aa mine is pro because it is literally the least viable anti-air option, 
  as someone who has to deal with high ping a lot ( new zealand , us servers are more populated and more numerous than aus ones , my choice is play at 150-250 ping or do n't play at all ) , high ping is not something you want to play with . 
  it harms more than it helps . 
  there 's no sane logic of joining high ping servers to increase your performance . 
  the thing is , the only things really worth laser designating are flying vehicles so sraws and javelins can take them down , but 300m is too short a distance a lot of the time, 
  is this you in all these gifs ? 
  all hail korean god of battlefield ( kgob for short ), 
  the more you play , the better you are , and the better those stats will be . 
  one of the endings gives you the m249 , which is an incredibly good lmg . 
  i would also recommend getting the p90 from the ending as the starting engineer pdw is not the greatest . 
  it is best to stick with one weapon at the beginning to unlock more stuff for it than to keep using the newest one you 've unlocked . 
  the starting weapons for most of the classes are often pretty good . 
  he added me from an internet forum when i posted a story of how i introduced my sister to hentai flash games 10 + years ago ( i must 've been about 7 or 8 and she was about 6 ), 
  people can change , you know, 
  i shave my legs because i sleep naked and love rubbing them together . 
  a toss up between, 
  bleak - opeth, 
  and, 
  the count of tuscany - dream theater, 
  there are a few air superiority servers still up , and you could include asia and europe in your search terms . 
  you only need one win, 
  it 's wiser to judge someone from their intentions rather than their actions, 
  this one 's playing air superiority right now, 
  [ here ] ( http://battlelog.battlefield.com/bf4/servers/show/pc/fc622c74-8a8f-4f30-9a34-002df65efd5c/um4d-u-mad-bro-air-superiority-work-on-getting-your-ucav/ ), 
  just filter the game type to only be air superiority , and tick all the available server slot thingies to the right of it . 
  zavod does n't really count because c and d are so close to each other that one team holds both 90 % of the time . 
  same with hammerhead . 
  please reread . 
  you completely missed my point . 
  i am saying that if they have changed , then it is stupid to judge them for something they are no longer are . 
  it is not . 
  if you have truly changed ( which , going by your hypothetical example , you have n't ) and you 've reconciled anyone you 've wronged , then i see no reason why you should continue to judge them for that . 
  if you do n't want to see that , that is fine , but you wo n't enjoy life if you hold onto anger . 
  it 's very good against humans , actually, 
  depends on the human . 
  mashing lmb , for instance , is not good against the ones with two-handed weapons . 
  `` to win over to friendliness ; cause to become amicable , to bring into agreement or harmony ; make compatible or consistent '', 
  i 'm not sure if you legitimately do n't know what the word means , or you 're trying to deliberately misunderstand me , nowhere did i mention that you only need to forgive yourself . 
  dice does n't have anything to lose either , you already bought the game . 
  they fucked up hardline already . 
  but as far as secondaries go , it blows ass . 
  there 's no real reason to use it unless you wan na be cool, 
  `` pc version is negotiable '' sounds like they just do n't know how long the port will take . 
  it does n't make sense from a business perspective not to release it on pc because pc sold a hell of a lot of copies . 
  the bj-2 was fictional and devised for bf 2142 , it does n't have a real life counterpart . 
  the 980ti just came out and is a goddamn monster , though that thing is quite expensive . 
  the 960gtx might be a better idea , affordable yet low electricity yield and quite powerful . 
  it might be worth actually telling me what your processor is , though . 
  do you know the exact model ? 
  if you do n't , if you hit the start menu and type `` dxdiag '' and hit enter in the box , a thing should come up with your computer specifications . 
  what does it say next to processor ? 
  there 's quite a big difference in power between a core 2 duo from 2007 and a haswell i3 from 2013 , for example . 
  having the rose in your inventory gives you a dialogue option to triss where you say you 're surprised she kept it . 
  the rpk-74m had its mag size changed to reflect that it shoots 7.62 x39mm now , not 5.45 x39mm . 
  i did n't notice anything else, 
  fuck me , i had nightmares about them too . 
  they 're terrifying , especially the one with the basket stuck to her face . 
  the dwarf 's name is gaspard in the english version too , i do n't know what he 's on about . 
  an94 , the thing is a laser beam , it is straight up the most accurate assault rifle now . 
  i do n't use the burst function , though , it 's just finicky and annoying . 
  when the whole website was released , it prided itself on free speech . 
  it is the most accurate ar , statistically , even without burst . 
  burst only increases your firerate by about 103 effectively anyway , you 'll still lose close range unless you nail a double headshot ( which you could do with any gun ), 
  my advice would be to use guns that have low ttks ( time to kill ) to start with . 
  guns like the scar-h , acw-r , 870 shotgun , etc. 
  these will get you to learn how shooting at enemies handles . 
  for instance , the starting ar ( the ak12 ) is good for long range but has a low rpm , meaning a low ttk , your aim might not be good enough to take advantage of its low recoil in order to get headshots at range and thus use the weapon most effectively , so just use weapons that are easy to get kills with at first . 
  this will also help you level your classes faster , and that means more gadgets , some of which are very useful . 
  i actually liked these things the first time i tried them ( when i was perhaps 16 ) , in a country ( new zealand ) where they are very uncommon , not many people know they exist , here you have to go and look for them . 
  you just said `` the havoc heatseekers also do 30 damage vs the 20 damage viper and havoc heatseekers do '' , i take it the second havoc was supposed to be the z-10w ? 
  did they buff the m320 flashbangs as well ? 
  if so , do they affect the drivers of windowed vehicles ( like jeeps and helis ) ? 
  it would be quite amusing to fire one off at a passing heli and watch him crash . 
  the differences between bf3 and bf4 are gameplay differences , mostly . 
  the only way you can distinguish them outside of gameplay , really , is the colour palette . 
  bf3 is brighter and bluer and bf4 is more earthy ( oranges and browns , but not always ) and darker . 
  insignificant of course , unless you actually play the games . 
  in that case , the changes become quite apparent . 
  for instance , recoil of weapons in bf4 is * huge * compared to bf3 , accurately controlling recoil over long distances is much more difficult . 
  map design philosophy is also much different ( maps are considerably bigger and have more vehicles ) , time to kill was increased quite significantly in close quarters , weapon and vehicle customisation was vastly expanded ( instead of a single foregrip in bf3 , for instance , there are now three different foregrips that do different things ) and vehicles were given much more options ( three different types of main battle tank rounds , a bigger variety of side arms , counter-measures , and upgrades ) . 
  weapon and class progression was changed ( weapons and classes are in separate progression trees now , using assault rifles unlocks more assault rifles and playing the assault class now unlocks gadgets etc for that class , rather than playing assault class doing both as was previous ) . 
  squads are now 5 people instead of 4 , the position of a commander was also added ( that plays the game more like an rts rather than an fps ) . 
  an entire third faction with unique assets was added ( the chinese ) , as well as many , many other , smaller changes like the knifing system , additional grenades , and the ability to add attachments to your side-arm . 
  not really . 
  there are several huge , fundamental changes to how the game itself is played . 
  because most game engines are so sophisticated these days , a sequel does n't feel huge gameplay changes like they used to . 
  going by what you said , l4d2 and portal 2 could have been dlc , far cry 4 could have been dlc , fallout : new vegas could have been dlc , etc. 
  that 's because even though it would improve the playability of the game , it would kill the community . 
  battlefield does n't have the * huge * playerbase needed to support region-locking . 
  south america has servers . 
  i suppose you may have a point , but the problem is that you need a very big playerbase if you want to region-lock . 
  lol does it because millions upon millions play it , but take me , for instance . 
  i live in new zealand , and the only servers i get less than 100 ping on are australian , and the au/nz is just way too small , there are way less servers and way less players , if i were region-locked , i 'd never be able to play . 
  people like you obviously do n't understand why it was changed in the first place . 
  you did n't `` wait '' in between bursts , you stopped firing for a quarter of a second and all your spread magically disappeared . 
  mhm . 
  and you do know that spread increase per second was n't changed . 
  what was changed was spread decrease when you were n't firing . 
  what it was previously was 15 degrees of spread per second , and that meant if you let go of the trigger , all your spread vanished , pretty much .
