  there is an incredibly low margin of error in ng +7 and bl4 which you are keen to ignore because you have n't personally experienced . 
  hackintoshes are breaching apple 's tos , have unreliable hardware support , and many hackintoshes are running pirated copies of osx . 
  a professional in the spotlight like luckey is n't going to acknowledge , much less cater towards , what is essentially homebrewing . 
  ah , my information is outdated , then . 
  still , it is breaching tos and would be bad mojo to acknowledge stuff like that . 
  it would be like announcing support for jailbroken iphones or homebrewed vitas . 
  use fire paper and beast blood pellets . 
  got a ps4 just for bloodborne . 
  was probably worth it considering how many hours i 've played it . 
  ds2 was 60 . 
  incredibly powerful with flat arcane gems in its tricked form , especially on moves that hit more than once ( dash r1 , r2 and followup , backstep r2 etc ) . 
  it can do insane amounts of damage because of that if you can play around its weaknesses , which are the somewhat short range and very slow speed . 
  it 's often selected for pvp by people who are pretty good at it because of those dash r1s . 
  i hope solaire does n't win this , but i have a feeling he will . 
  he 's pretty overrated in my opinion . 
  generally , you trade some of your weapon damage for the ability to use hunter tools as well as greater flexibility in weapon choice . 
  arcane does require chalice dungeon farming to be effective , but some arcane set-ups are scarily strong , and exploiting elemental weaknesses can very much work in your favour . 
  while i would say arcane is more flexible than a strength or skill build , it does ask for more of the player . 
  for arcane builds , there is less grinding than physical due to the most required gem ( cold abyssal ) being a guaranteed drop from the boss . 
  you may want to savescum for it , however . 
  he is depth 3 and it will be irritating going through the dungeon again and again to get a good curse . 
  elemental wanings ( fire and bolt , anyway ) are also the same way . 
  they have a guaranteed drop from loran watchdog and abhorrent beast respectively . 
  if you want to maximise damage , however , you 'll have to get an elemental triangle which involves harassing the isz watchers again and again until they fork over a good one . 
  this will usually translate to something between 20-40 ar higher than using a waning . 
  decide for yourself if it is worth it . 
  it is n't . 
  it has the reputation it does for a reason . 
  do not neglect vitality . 
  do not overvalue endurance . 
  cane might be a good idea if you 're used to the game but if they 're new to the series then it is an awful idea to recommend the cane . 
  i 'm surprised how much i agreed with this video . 
  sometimes , it feels like i 'm the only one who hates rogue transmission , and it breaks my heart when people put it on their list of favourite maps , it is one of the very few maps which is obviously and overtly unbalanced . 
  check your messages . 
  good lord , that skin is hideous . 
  that was n't just `` somebody '' . 
  that was the us air force . 
  wait , what ? 
  i played through witcher 3 and i ca n't recall a trans character . 
  who was it ? 
  i 'm not even sure what homogeneity has to do with it . 
  new zealand ( where i live ) constantly ranks highly in all those good categories like high standard of living and freedom and social progress and what not , comparable to the nordic countries and other parts of europe , yet the country is very multi-ethnic . 
  whites ( of both natives and foreign-born ) make up 74 % of the population which drops down to about 59 % in its biggest city . 
  i came from bloodborne as well , actually . 
  got burned out after something like 400 hours in 2-3 months . 
  not sure how any of these things are supposed to discourage someone from going to europe . 
  to be fair , all major news outlets in the us are biased . 
  fox is just the most so . 
  console `` aim '', 
  not a good idea to judge ds2 's boss difficulty by its final boss because that final boss was * really * pathetic . 
  the image that comes to my mind is 3 quarters of a keyboard , like one that 's missing the numpad or something . 
  maybe not slaves , and i 'm not from the us myself so i do n't know it that well , but i do know the irish did get a bad deal early on in the us 's history . 
  the point i was trying to show was that s/he was brushing off oppression of whites because it did n't happen in the us . 
  how about that one straight sword that has a faith requirement yet scales with intelligence ? 
  yeah , got it mixed up with that crystal rapier . 
  not exactly . 
  iudex is a title , meaning `` judge '' in latin . 
  his name is just `` gundyr '' . 
  the fire , however , gives a lot of added ar in the early game because at this point in the game , your stats are low and so is your stat scaling from weapons . 
  an unupgraded broadsword has 117 base damage with probably 15-20 added damage from scaling , if that , totalling in probably 130-140 ar in total . 
  with fire , it is 100 physical and 100 fire , even with the split damage calculation , it will still come out ahead . 
  besides , you 're recommending the deep battle axe , and it pretty much does the same thing . 
  `` waste '' an infusion ? 
  how are you wasting it , exactly ? 
  prisoner 's chain also gives you 5 more vitality . 
  the thing that makes the deep battle axe good is that it can be obtained in basically the first 10 minutes of high wall . 
  it will do higher damage than everything else , especially to the knights , at this super early point in the game . 
  if you 're pvping , you have already outleveled it . 
  the only thing i can think of on the top of my head that is weak to dark damage is the nameless king . 
  by the by , the havel knight in ds1 is literally havel . 
  he 's the og . 
  why do they need to patch it ? 
  and ? 
  to be fair , most of the ds2 bosses were pretty garbage . 
  i do n't know why you 're defending objectively poor design with `` oh it 's traditional '' . 
  miyazaki personally apologised for how bad the bed of chaos fight was . 
  ng + does add rings and soul items . 
  ng + adding new enemies is something unique to ds2 , no other soulsborne game does it . 
  i did this with the tricked wheel transform attack in bloodborne . 
  the move is so non-threatening it does n't even look like it does damage . 
   it is quite literally the ultimate `` git gud '' boss in the game . 
  hahahahahhahahahahahahaah, 
  no , not it really was n't . 
  the game made him obviously unfair to punish you for attacking something that was both not hostile and big and scary . 
  even then , when ds2 came out , he was made easy just by wearing gower 's and turning your back whenever he was about to breathe fire . 
  if you fought him `` legitimately '' , so melee weapon and no cheese , he was just a case of waiting in front of him and either running away if he went up in the air or going to stab his toes if he does n't . 
  it was basically just a case of whittling down his health from that and trying to stay awake so you do n't get oneshot . 
  what the other guy said . 
  i 'm talking specifically about the tricked transform attack . 
  the wheel in its transformed state is very lethal with flat arcanes , i should know as i used it all the time . 
  at least the bosses in ds3 that were `` dudes '' in armour had something else . 
  the `` dudes in armour '' complaint is ** not ** about enemies simply just wearing a suit of armour . 
  it is about how a suit of armour is the only thing going for them , and how aside from that , they were basically creatively bankrupt . 
  some of the fan favourite fights in the entire series are against `` dudes in armour '' , artorias and ornstein spring to mind immediately . 
  the thing is , though , they actually had interesting designs and movesets . 
  the same thing can not be said about many ds2 boss fights . 
  vordt and dancer were beast-like and had movesets reflecting that . 
  nameless king has the whole dragon thing . 
  twin princes had the whole twin princes thing . 
  sulyvahn was probably a bit more standard , but he had the `` clone of himself that copies what he does '' thing .
