  in its untransformed mode , its short range and low base damage ( even if it has good scaling at +10 ) means it pretty much always lose a dps race . 
  i say it is situational not because i do n't think it 's generally useful , but because the situations in which it is optimal are rare . 
  ludwig 's va is des mcaleer . 
  necrophos ' is sam mowry . 
  and ? 
  demons souls and dark souls are separate intellectual properties , and sony still owns the rights to demons souls . 
  if from wanted to make a sequel to demons souls , it would have to be an exclusive again . 
  if bloodborne receives a sequel , it will most likely be a ps4 exclusive . 
  dark souls is n't a sequel . 
  it is thematically common with demons souls but otherwise none of the same characters ( except patches ) or locations , and shares none of the lore . 
  he summoned because he wanted ( or maybe needed ) help . 
  you literally just did what he was asking for someone to do . 
  out of curiosity , why did you think that killing gehrman would n't end the game ? 
  it is a male . 
  patches calls him `` lord amygdala '' . 
  lord is a male honorific . 
  because the worth of the threaded cane is in its tricked form because of how much reach it has and how fast it is . 
  in its untricked , it is fast , and that 's it . 
  just about everything else will outdamage it , especially the other skill-based r1 spam weapons . 
  the whirligig is * incredibly * effective in pve , and i know for a fact you 're going to absolutely destroy the next two dlc bosses with it , the second one especially because of the whirligig 's very powerful stagger . 
   and the way they plan to fix this is to make the average ttk in hardline higher . 
  here 's the catch , it 's only for the pc version . 
  note : higher . 
  pretty much the best strength weapon in the game, 
  depends on the build , but i always start hunter 's axe and get saw spear later if i 'm not going strength, 
  rifle spear ( it 's garbage ) , stake driver ( it 's garbage ) , threaded cane ( it 's almost garbage ) , reiterpallasch ( a gimmick that 's not quite helpful enough ) and the saw cleaver ( it 's good , but the saw spear is better ), 
  hideously strong with a high bloodtinge , i previously hated it because of the passive health loss , but you can deal with that if you play smartly . 
  logarius wheel . 
  it 's a strength weapon and has huge scaling , but it is so hideously slow . 
  out of context , it sounds like sarcasm . 
  the point of the chikage is damage . 
  if they got rid of that , it would n't have anything . 
  the drill and the guns are pretty cool , but the trigger cutter and the saber are woeful . 
  these weapons just plain would n't work at all , and it is n't hard to see why . 
  they 'd shatter if you tried to use them . 
  the trigger cutter could work in its untricked form , but a telescopic blade would n't have any solidity behind it , especially since it is a straight blade that is going to be pushed back when it comes into contact . 
  the sabre just would n't work at all . 
  untricked , it would break at the contact points , and in its tricked , it would just be flailing random bits of metal around . 
  chain weapons are historically blunt and do not really have a cutting edge ( flails , manriki , nunchaku , meteor hammers ) because you need precision to actually cut things , which is precisely what you do n't get with a chain . 
  never played a video game in his life ? 
  where was he born ? 
  but the whip is the * only * good thing about the cane . 
  the untransformed mode is pathetic . 
  just because people are tryhards does n't mean they 're wrong when they say the cane has problems . 
  if/when you finally go for pvp ( especially if you use hizzngr3 ) you 're going to get destroyed . 
  the untransformed cane is basically a slightly quicker saw cleaver/spear with less dps , less stagger , and no serration . 
  `` easiest to acquire thrust damage weapon '' is true because you can start with it , but just because you * can * does n't mean you should . 
  there are n't even any enemies that are particularly weak to thrust damage early on in the game , the earliest are the odd brainsuckers , the slime students ( if you want to farm the lecture hall ) and the aliens in forbidden woods , i guess , so by the time you actually need a thrust weapon , you can get one . 
  hell , the kirkhammer can do thrust damage and all you need to do is beat cleric beast . 
  the saw spear also does thrust damage and that 's just lying around in the sewers where you can go almost immediately . 
  `` less stagger '' is a bit of a minor claim , true , but it does n't mean it is n't a point against the threaded cane . 
  it 's one of those things that are passively working against you when you use the cane . 
  the cleaver does n't get serration in its second form , true , but the thing is , ** no one uses the second form ** . 
  there 's a reason the spear is the better version of the two , serration in both forms as well as a better skill scaling , a more helpful transformed moveset , and thrust damage . 
  only the second moveset of the cane is worth using , so if you are n't using it for the whip mode , you 're basically wasting a weapon slot . 
  you can use it if you want , but it is undeniable that the first moveset is just there because it has to be and is n't special or even good . 
  not that being `` easier to gem for '' means a whole lot . 
  if you 're not going to go down to chalice dungeons for top-tier gems , then the best gems you can get are droplets which fit into any slot . 
  and if you * are * going to go to chalice dungeons , you 'll easily be able to get lost/uncanny versions of weapons you want , meaning that gem setup is essentially meaningless . 
  righteous like you said , is meaningless . 
  it affects a small amount of enemies in a single area , most of which you 'll eventually just run past because the widow ghosts are too slow to be any kind of threat . 
  the dps of the cane is so low anyway that righteous will increase it by a bit but it 's hardly noticeable . 
  the church pick can be obtained straight after ludwig , and is * significantly * better than the cane . 
  if you know what you 're doing , you could beat ludwig with a +6 saw cleaver/spear and get it as low as about level 20-30 . 
  kirkhammer for thrust attacks is n't particularly great , true , but that 's because the kirkhammer is general is basically a worse ludwig 's . 
  and if you want to compare the cane to lhb , you 're insane . 
  the r2 on both forms of the lhb are thrust , and because the lhb has very high ar , these thrust attacks , especially transformed , will do incredibly high damage towards enemies weak to thrust . 
  i 'm liking how you say `` not that i remember '' , though , glad to know that you 're admitting your bias . 
  this is your opinion and i ca n't change that , so it 's cool . 
  you like the moveset of the cane but the thing is , just because people like something does n't mean it 's good . 
  the cane 's first moveset has objectively low damage , low reach , and low stagger . 
  you might like that moveset because you 're accustomed to it and can play to its strengths , but that does n't make it good . 
  and no , moveset is not greater than everything else . 
  it is true that a bad moveset will doom a weapon to `` gimmick '' or `` useless '' as what you see with the tonitrus and the boom hammer . 
  the rifle spear , however , has a good moveset , quick pokes in the untransformed and slashes in the transformed , same with the reiterpallasch . 
  people do n't really use them , however , because their damage is low . 
  likewise , the hmls has a pretty sluggish and vertical moveset , yet people love it because of how you can easily deal over 1k damage with a single charged r2 . 
  the chikage forces you to stop running and stop dodging for a small moment just before you unzip , yet i should n't have to remind you of that weapon 's popularity . 
  the chikage is n't popular because it 's a katana ( though there is certainly a fanbase for that ) , the chikage is popular because it does a massive amount of damage . 
  a properly gemmed and skilled build for a chikage and not only will do you around 900-1000 damage per unzip in pvp ( maybe even more ) , there is nothing in the game that can match its dps . 
  you can mash r1 and it will chew things up in two seconds . 
  the lhb has its ar brought down in its first form , true , but the first form is n't its strength . 
  the first form is for quickly dealing with low-health threats , the big damage comes in its transformed , which has a huge ar and a huge range , as well as being probably one of the only weapons that does n't need abyssals for max damage due to its high scaling in both strength and skill . 
  it is slow while transformed , yes , but that is its only weakness . 
  it is the best weapon in the base game for many very good reasons . 
  its versatility is unmatched and its damage is only rivaled rather than surpassed . 
  `` there are very few droplet gems '' . 
  i 've lost you here . 
  here 's where you 're just wrong . 
  they can be farmed very easily from the winter lanterns in both nightmare of mensis and fishing hamlet , and the ones in the hamlet can go up to 22 % , and as they 're droplets , you can get 3 of those and be pretty much set for all the ng + s and beyond , you only need top tier if you 're in deep with chalice dungeons or you 're pvping . 
  radials are the most common , that is correct , but droplets are n't hard to get at all , really . 
  and i know the cane 's speed is a significant advantage , but it is really its only advantage . 
  the best pve weapon in the game ( which is actually the whirligig saw ) is , all things considered , pretty slow , but the damage it can do , especially with beast blood + paper + l2 , is astronomical . 
  if you want a fast weapon , however , other weapons that can actually do a hell of a lot of damage ( saif , rakuyo ) have got you covered . 
  class is subjective . 
  to me , the cane smacks of the inefficiency that comes with being fancy . 
  the boom hammer has its use as it can do a lot of damage in a single swing , but the glacial moveset and the massive stamina usage prevent it from being any more than mid tier . 
  the tonitrus is just bad . 
  sure , it does lightning damage , but the enemies that are weakest to lightning damage ( kin ) are strong against blunt damage . 
  this is n't taking into account its low durability and limited moveset , either .
