  aside from greirat , then i do n't know of any other way . 
  you could substitute it for the profaned greatsword , as it has the same moveset and weapon art , with similar requirements . 
  fair enough . 
  i had figured that you would have already thought about using inputboxes but did n't because of the added complexity . 
  i do think you should make them inputboxes eventually , they will do wonders for making the calculator usable on smaller screens . 
  it has very low requirements and a decent length , so it 's good if you want to just slap something on for some extra damage . 
  not worth it most of the time if you are a dedicated pyro build , however . 
  the amount of fire damage it adds is 85 multiplied by your ( spell buff/100 ) , so if you have the base 100 , then it just adds 85 fire damage . 
  pretty decent for basically a free spell . 
  for anything that is n't refined , heavy , sharp , chaos , dark , or lightning , just throw them on anything because all the other infusions are not good outside of the early game and gimmick builds . 
  it 's amusing that he calls you a heretic when the series started and is basically at home on ps . 
  i bought all 3 souls games for pc but it 's very clear the devs intended the games to be played on console , especially since all the games tell you the xbox controls when you 're playing on pc even without a controller . 
  far and away the weakest in the series but still worth your time even for just one playthrough . 
  with the dlcs , it actually has a lot of content . 
  which is n't really saying much . 
  the souls series ' pvp has always been somewhat bad overall , buying a souls game because the pvp is good is misguided . 
  that 's true , but it does n't necessarily negate my original point . 
  2 's pvp is good relative to the other souls games , but is pretty much awful compared to games actually made for pvp . 
  30-40k is n't `` worthwhile enough to continue playing '' ? 
  the game has been out for a month . 
  the souls series has been a pve single-player experience first and foremost , people who actually play the games over and over again and put in hundreds of hours are in the minority . 
  a sizeable minority , but a minority nonetheless . 
  this is like saying because gtav 's all-time high today was 32k yet its highest ever was 360k was because `` omg gtav mp not sufficient ! 11 '' , or you could even aim this at the original ds2 . 
  80k all-time high versus a huge 600 playing as of me typing this , with about 1k playing sotfs . 
  reminder that from april to june in 2014 , ds2 also lost 60 % of its players . 
  what a loaded question . 
  it 's because the game is still fun . 
  all the enjoyment is n't completely sapped when i finish it once . 
  i 've played every game in the series ( and played ds2 and 3 the minute they came out ) and got a ps4 just for bb . 
  i 've played about 300 hrs of ds1 , 200 in ds2 , and so far , 200 in ds3 , i do n't know how long i 've played bb for but i had a lot of free time when i got it in december so it is probably in the hundreds , too . 
  i also have the least amount of characters and playthroughs in 2 . 
  the pvp might be the best in the series , but the stat bloat is horrible ( adp is quite possibly from 's most misguided decision when it comes to the series as a whole ) , the environments and enemies are really lacking in imagination , the graphics are shite ( game looks like it came out in 2007 rather than 2014 , the downgrade was real ) , and it has a real problem ( especially in sotfs ) of environments being gangs upon gangs of basic enemies while the bosses are ridiculously weak in comparison . 
  say what you want about any of the bosses in 3 , but at least none of them could be indefinitely stunlocked ( mytha could be stunlocked like this by powerstancing hammers ) , or even made to lunge off their own platform to their death . 
  i did n't actually pvp much in 2 because i had a very sour taste in my mouth from the bell and rat covenants , especially at release where all you had to do was take one step into belfry luna to get fog gated off , but in terms of pretty much everything else , 3 is the superior game . 
  heal based pvp was pretty one-sided in the first two as only the host could estus , and in 1 you could get up to 20 charges . 
  r1 spam pvp is a criticism i can agree with but it 's really just caused by some strange balancing . 
  attempting tricky maneouvres with all but a handful of weapons ( bk glaive , gundyr 's halberd , washing pole , some ulgs etc ) will just get you killed . 
  my point was that ds3 outside of pvp was better than 2 , however , and the pve is where the series really shines . 
  yhorm and princes may have been a joke ( even if the only failing of princes is how low their hp is the first time around ) , but even yhorm was better than 80 % of ds2 's boss roster . 
  bosses like covetous demon and demon of song were almost confusingly easy , one wonders why they have boss health bars and theme songs . 
  i 've got a chesthead . 
  i 'll trade it for a crystal sage rapier . 
  not sure why you 're even mentioning the damage when the dark sword outdamages the longsword . 
  at 40/40 str/dex , a refined +10 dark sword will have a whopping 452 ar , which is huge in its own right , and 24 ar higher than a longsword in the same situation . 
  the r2s do n't thrust and are somewhat more awkward to use , but that does n't matter as dark sword has the considerably more useful stomp instead of stance weapon art . 
  if you think it 's bad , that 's not an opinion , you 're just strong . 
  it is objectively stronger than most of the straight swords and only the long/broadswords can subjectively compete . 
  i 'm sure you 'll be fine , many of the early boss soul weapons are either situational or straight up bad , the only exception i can name off the top of my head being the hollowslayer greatsword that you get from the soul of the greatwood , and the two weapons you can get with the abyss watcher soul . 
  tanking through predictable players . 
  i have gotten many , many pvp kills , especially from gank squads , by having them chase me , then stomping and 180ing with the golf swing . 
  doing this will hyperarmour through their r1 spam . 
  admittedly , it does work a lot better with ugses because they do more damage per swing , and especially lorian 's and profaned as they buff themselves when you do this , but the dark sword can do it too , and it still does a lot of damage . 
  stance , on the other hand , is more helpful for damage and versatility in pve rather than pvp . 
  the stance attacks are too predictable and telegraphed to be helpful most of the time in pvp , and can also get you into trouble if you run into someone who 's good at parrying . 
  one of the strengths of straight swords is their speed and low stamina costs , and stancing kinda renders that a bit moot . 
  the only worthwhile stance , in my opinion , is the katana one . 
  i was assuming you were insta-stancing anyway . 
  staying in stance is of no help to you at all , as you 're slow and vulnerable and there 's no benefit to staying in stance . 
  even with insta-stancing however , the straight sword ( and the rapier ) ones are really too telegraphed , however the stance r1 is pretty good for roll-catching if they 're going to try to go around you . 
  the meta for int builds is to go to 60 int ( and you pretty much need to ) , and at this , there 's a pretty modest selection of weapons that are actually pretty good . 
  moonlight greatsword is the obvious one , durability beams and a pretty average weapon art means its not the best thing ever , but for raw damage it 's your best option . 
  crystal sage rapier is another good choice . 
  13 strength and 18 dexterity requirement , but it pumps out damage pretty reliably and is also quite light . 
  it 's also a thrusting sword , so it 's good for stunlock shenanigans . 
  while this one has annoying requirements and a useless r2 , the immolation tinder actually has a fair bit of damage when you 're high int . 
  halberds are generally pretty strong if you use them right , and this one is basically no exception . 
  the weapon art has a pretty long range and tracks very well , too . 
  it is also a good choice for fighting magic resistant enemies as it deals fire damage . 
  the greatsword of judgement is another possible choice . 
  it will be outdamaged by the moonlight greatsword , but in turn outdamages that when you use the buff , and it also has projectile attacks . 
  if you 're looking towards crystal infusion , the following weapons do pretty well infused ; carthus sword , astora greatsword , hand axe ( no really ) and any twin weapons as the l1 mashing will make up for the lower per-hit . 
  i have a storm curved sword that i can upgrade to +4 for you , but not the life ring . 
  i need some muling done . 
  cool . 
  do you want me to upgrade it to +4 , baring in mind that i wo n't be able to drop it for you unless you have a weapon with the same upgrade level , or just leave it as is ? 
  tell me where you want to summon and with what password . 
  you can have one of mine for free . 
  i wonder what from would have cooked up given 4 years and $ 500 million . 
  did you play bb ? 
  you should have seen the lady maria and the living failures bonfire . 
  they were about 5 metres away from each other . 
   i consider myself to be pretty good at games . 
  i guess it 's time to start reconsidering . 
  jokes aside , you must be doing something wrong . 
  what class did you roll and what are you trying to beat him with ? 
  it 's not that weak , it outdamages about 3/4 of the great hammer roster . 
  it is pretty useless , though , the frost effect is n't enough to carry it . 
  the heavy great club and the dragon tooth are just better , and failing that , the spiked mace has the spin bash for stunlocks . 
  the one draw of the vordt 's is its frost but i do n't think i 've ever frosted someone with it . 
  try the sunlight straight sword , then . 
  it has quite a bit of ar and can also buff itself with its wa . 
  60 int is basically mandatory . 
  stats in str/dex to suit weapon requirements , moonlight greatsword is 16/11 and crystal sage rapier is 13/18 . 
  attunement to taste , 24 gives you 4 slots and 30 gives you 5 , many stop around these numbers . 
  magic clutch , both dragon rings , and optionally , the dusk crown ring for more casting or the sage ring for faster casting . 
  dusk crown is a good choice for more damage but you will be made more vulnerable to enemy magic . 
  the best catalyst at 60 int is the court sorcerer one . 
  you should also get a scholar 's candlestick and equip it in your other hand when you 're casting sorceries , it does n't matter if you do n't meet the faith requirement , just have it in your hand . 
  there 's barely a reason to invade any more . 
  the rewards are pitiful , the odds are stacked against you unless you land a solo host , and even if you do win , you probably did n't impede them much .
