  sounds like a bug though . 
  so i take if that was disabled , d.va would have been telefragged instead ? 
  and what 's so bad about not having a car ? 
  `` skill '', 
  yeah pretty much, 
  it 's very likely they already do this, 
  all we have to do is take out the blaster , aim it at head level , then mash m1 and pray . 
  boom , tracer countered, 
  i see this one around but it does n't really click to me . 
  mercy saved him , sure , but she 's a doctor , that 's what she does . 
  she also saved ( or tried ) to save reaper . 
  genji is grateful , sure , but he 's all honourable bushido etc , so it would n't make sense for him not to be . 
  seems more like making a bigger deal out of what the ingame lore is providing . 
  besides , their ingame synergy is n't very good . 
  mercy can heal him for maybe half a second before he does a double backflip and does his own thing way ahead of the rest of your team . 
  i actually have some difficulty killing mercys as roadhog even when i hook , because she 's so skinny that sometimes the shotgun blast does n't kill her because of its huge spread and she just flies away behind her reinhardt, 
  i thought doctors were supposed to be impartial . 
  in any case , i 'm a much bigger fan of [ this ship ] ( https://67.media.tumblr.com/549ca3a2b3ed1c43acf7774ce8dae3f1/tumblr_o73kk65j5h1qgc33ho1_1280.png ) , because it makes sense given their ingame synergy . 
  yeah , that 's it . 
  ingame synergy . 
  i do that but it has a really finicky effective range . 
  it 's lovely when it works , though . 
  you left click then hit v for melee . 
  assuming you got a clean hit , it 'll kill most heroes that are n't tanks off the bat . 
  you right click when they start running away as its only good when the ball detonates . 
  i once solo 'd a hanzo as mercy from full health and his team made fun of him in chat . 
  you 're getting downvoted but i agree . 
  she is n't useless but she 's the weakest in the game at the moment . 
  everyone else who is considered weak is really just situational , but i ca n't imagine a pick where d.va is optimal except if they have like 4 torbjorns, 
  you can do as well as you like as d.va , but that does n't mean that the other tanks are n't just more effective than she is in the majority of situations . 
  . . really ? 
  he yells at the top of his lungs , starts glowing red hot , and suddenly becomes a huge damage dealer and you thought he was saying `` remain calm '' ? 
  at one point did you realise you had misheard ? 
  huh . 
  that made me realise that without the / s i ca n't pick up sarcasm on this website at all anymore, 
  additionally , sigrun/valkyrie mercy will say `` til valhalla '' , meaning `` onwards to valhalla '' in norwegian, 
  it should be a punishable offence to use any potg intro that is n't that one . 
  i approve of the use of `` tempbuttstuff '' in all this probably-simple-but-i-don ` t-understand anyway code . 
  everyone looks snobby . 
  i would like koth more but the maps are honestly too small and cramped and there 's a clear bias in the effectiveness in those maps . 
  pharah ( especially on the sanctum nepal map and well in ilios ) and lucio , for example , are considerably more effective whereas torbjorn is almost a troll pick . 
  i like the black armour of sigrun more but the hair ( and wings ) of valkyrie more . 
  i ended up getting sigrun , but i like both of them . 
  actually , i once had a stomp on my team where we won in something like a minute on volskaya , and our rein got a commend card at the end with 51 damage blocked . 
  transcendence healing is probably one of the least impressive stats 90 % of the time . 
  the game already does that when no one on the enemy team receives any commendation cards, 
  we kinda blitzed the first point and rushed to the second , he was too busy swinging his hammer to put up his shield , so he was only shielding when we were on the last point . 
  really ? 
  what kind of things do they say ? 
  that 's pretty interesting , is swearing more common/socially acceptable over there ? 
  i think mercy is one of the heroes where the tf2 influence is the most blatant . 
  at a basic level , they just genderswapped the medic . 
  junkrat is a completely different character to the demoman , though . 
  i 'd argue the only thing they have in common is that the grenade launcher works very similarly . 
  `` they work in very similar ways '' the way the demoman works is not exclusive nor did it begin in tf2 . 
  on-contact grenade launchers in mp fpses have existed since quake ( maybe earlier but that 's as far as i remember ) so to say it started with tf2 is kinda disingenuous . 
  junkrat 's sticky bomb does n't have the same function as the sticky launcher either ( the sticky launcher was really intended to be stacked in an area then detonated all at once to instagib people , whereas junkrat 's mine is primarily intended to launch him places ), 
  the medigun , however , is indeed a tf2 thing , which ow rather liberally copied . 
  the change from german to swiss is also not nearly as big a chance as scotland to australian . 
  the medic 's proper , educated demeanor is also pretty similar to mercy 's proper , educated demeanor . 
  demoman , however , is basically a barely coherent drunkard while junkrat is a giggling ersatz-joker . 
  because i 'm saying that it is n't copying tf2 if what it is copying did n't start with tf2 . 
  on-contact grenade launchers like junkrat 's and demoman 's are n't uncommon in arena shooters . 
  it 's the only similarity demoman and junkrat have . 
  if you want to say their playstyles are similar , then that 's an even weaker comparison . 
  the chaotic explosive playstyle * definitely * did not start with tf2 . 
  is domino 's really that bad ? 
  i get it here ( nz ) and it 's my preferred `` big '' pizza chain . 
   slow-paced , less polished tf2, 
  if you played even a single match , you 'd eat these words , especially when you compare to the absolute clustermolest that tf2 is now . 
  i do n't know what warped perception you got , then . 
  there 's no way tf2 is faster than ow . 
  release tf2 was very polished , sure , but tf2 these days is a mess of many conflicting and sloppy design work ( such as soldier not loading anything into non-vanilla launchers ), 
  sounds like a matter of preference , really . 
  i still do n't agree that tf2 is faster , as only the scout in tf2 was the only one who utilised fast movement in any meaningful way . 
  according to steam , i 've played 973 hours of tf2 and i 've had it since it came out . 
  i know that 's actually not a lot in the grand scheme of things , but that 's long enough to back up the things i say . 
  i 've played overwatch for probably about 80-100 hours by now . 
  all of those complaints could have easily been aimed at tf2 . 
  heavy , pyro , and engineer are all easy classes to play , especially at a low level , just like how many overwatch heroes are quite intuitive to pick up and play , and it was basically what s76 was designed for . 
  i agree that generally , the skill ceiling of overwatch is quite low , but this is true for many tf2 classes as well . 
  i would even argue that genji is more difficult to play than scout because you do n't do nearly as much damage and have a bigger toolset to work with . 
  it 's an elaborate joke . 
  i live in nz and this is the first time i 've ever heard about needing a permit to own a garden . 
  vocal minority , really . 
  remember that bf is a huge franchise , 20 million copies of bf3 were sold . 
  there are a bunch of milsim types that want the game to be realistic with bolt-actions all over the place , but dice is n't going to cater to them , at least not primarily . 
  you do n't put literal tens of thousands of man-hours and millions of dollars developing a game to appeal to a niche audience . 
  people are losing interest in the modern warfare setting , that 's the reason bf3 sold more than bf4 , and why the modern cods like ghosts are selling less than the futuristic ones . 
  a change of setting is in order , but people do n't want a radically different change in gameplay . 
  hardline already showed us what people think of battlefield being more realistic in terms of scale ( even if hardline is still ridiculous , it 's not to the same degree as 3/4 ) , and it kinda sorta flopped . 
  a new setting with some balance tweaks to the already solid battlefield formula is a good idea , modelling your mass-market game after verdun is not . 
  i once had one of those tell me , with presumably a straight face , that america does n't have racial tensions . 
  he was a somewhat intelligent guy too , i was way too dumbstruck by the comment that i did n't really know what to say . 
  it 's hard to believe that someone who has even a moderate grasp of race relations in the states would think there are n't tensions . 
  live in nz here . 
  the jabs at europeans and bernie are definitely from americans . 
  nz is a left country and no one i know holds any resentment towards europe or bernie . 
  alchemy is indeed very viable , good for any kind of build , and at a high alchemy level with good equipment , you 'll be able to make some real game-breaking potions . 
  marksman is very good in morrowind as well , there 's even a bigger variety in ranged weapons ( crossbows and throwing darts/knives ) .
