   i debated on whether or not to make a point in the op to make clear i was n't a prescriptivist who thought natives could speak their own language ` wrong ' , but i thought calling them ` mistakes by natives ' would get my point across most clearly to everyone , 
  i like how the guy deleted all his posts after this post was made . 
  it 's like he absolutely knows his views are unacceptable and is n't comfortable broadcasting them outside of an echo chamber . 
  running an almost pure melee character as an imperial , huh ? 
  that 's interesting . 
  it 's not going to matter in the end , but you should know that the differences between races are quite drastic . 
  see [ here ] ( http://en.uesp.net/wiki/morrowind:races ) for how stats differ between races . 
  it 's especially notable if you have played the other tes games , especially skyrim where races are pretty much a reskin . 
  in terms of other factions , the imperial cult as well as the fighters guild would be good options for a character like yours . 
  i agree . 
  the whole `` deus vult xd '' thing attracts the wrong kind of people . 
  i honestly hate gavin mcinnes with every fibre of my being . 
  how can one man be such a ponce ? 
  i 'm not that fond of skyrim 's elves , they look like their faces are made out of stone or something , it 's quite uncanny . 
  is n't it implied that the dunmer voice in morrowind is basically an accent that is developed over time , though ? 
  they do n't naturally have croaky voices , you 'd get one if the place you lived had ash storms all the time . 
  once you have any given damage attribute spell , you can make a spell/enchantment that damages any attribute you want . 
  well , if i 'm honest , every humanoid in skyrim has this weird stone-face look , which admittedly is better than everyone 's round pumpkin-face in oblivion , but still looks really strange . 
  the face generation in fallout 4 was pretty excellent , however , so when ( or rather if , at this point ) bethesda makes another tes game using that , people should start looking a bit more relatable and a bit less like a low-polygon benedict cumberbatch . 
  i just continually kept running from this guy because i could n't beat him my first tribunal playthrough , but that wo n't help you when you finish the tribunal main quest and azura comes to speak to you . 
  you 're frozen in place so you can hear her talk , but gaenor is n't . 
  i was going to click on the link to see what kind of person would say something like this but then i saw it was an r/gendercritical post and realised that people who post there are n't terribly concerned about reality or facts or anything like that . 
  some kind of chemical thrower for the medic that shoots out his healing grenade gas could be pretty interesting . 
  would n't say it 's `` bad '' per se , because all distros can more or less be molded into whatever you want because linux is open like that , but arch has become something of a meme because of the userbase it attracts . 
  reu on railgun sharp is n't as good as you 're making it out to be . 
  yes , you get the ability to one-shot scrakes , but the trade-off is that you lose the tactical reload for your other gun , the centerfire . 
  considering that you 're relying on a gun that holds 10 and reloads one at a time , the extra time spent reloading can get you killed , and it is not helpful in any other respect unless you can get a headshot on a fp with a large amount of stacks , which can be hard to do in a hectic environment . 
  in all other scenarios , tactical reload is superior , your uptime with your centerfire is significantly increased because of it , because the reload speed is almost halved . 
  not only that , without reu , a headshot with the centerfire first ( assuming you 're not still and not crouching ) before the railgun shot will be enough to pop their head without raging them even on hoe . 
  you can win with a good enough team of 6 underleveled survivalists and you can lose a sui game with a full team of 25s . 
  i 'm not personally going to make a build relying on my teammates to be good enough to cover for my deficits , because it 's not a constant that can be relied on . 
  also , i did n't mention it earlier , but tac reload is better for dealing with fps than reu assuming 6p hoe , and i personally consider fps a bigger threat as more classes can easily deal with scrakes than fps . 
  why ? 
  how would this be any different than , say , a swat , except with even less utility because the swat can bodyshot in a pinch . 
  100 capacity also just is n't necessary , there 's no reason you could n't just use something like the varmint rifle with the tactical reload . 
  additionally , random weapon jamming to an already bad weapon is a death sentence . 
  i do n't know why you thought having jamming in a game like kf2 would be a good idea , but it is n't . 
  it 's a frustrating enough mechanic even in games where it fits thematically . 
  every gun aside from the 9mm can one-shot trash in all circumstances , and even the 9mm can do it under circumstances ( backup , reu stacks , ss perks etc ), 
  night-vision is n't that powerful , people do n't really think about it when considering commando , and many do n't even know that the berserker also has it . 
  or you could just pick commando and be able to see stalkers at all times without having to aim down sight while also having your team be able to see them too . 
  capacity means nothing , even a level 0 swat has a 30 capacity gun that reloads in 2 seconds without the reload perk , and this increases all the way up to 60 capacity at level 25 . 
  there just is n't a need for such a prolonged amount of uptime that you ca n't spare 2 seconds for a reload . 
  oh , i suppose if it was super cheap ( starting tier , or maybe even cheaper ) and light , then it could have a purpose as something like an economy gun or something . 
  i was originally thinking you were suggesting this as a normal tier 2 or weapon . 
  i 'm not even sure the steam version has drm because there 's no steamworks integration ( it does n't save the game on the cloud or anything ) , so it truly does n't matter what platform you buy the game on . 
  i think i have more chances as the last man standing with tactical reload than without it . 
  truly excellent that this picture has the nerevarine in it . 
  yeah , and i 'm sure those young men in the 1940s would rather be staying at home and playing video games than landing on iwo jima and getting ptsd . 
  i do n't understand why you 'd mention dod : s but not ricochet . 
  dod at least has a pretty loyal , niche fanbase . 
  ricochet literally has no one . 
   in the hit single you 'll never walk alone , the only word of latin origin is `` afraid '' . 
  all other words are of latin origin . 
  i think you 've made a typo here . 
  cute !, 
  how did they even get the stat `` 92 % of antifa thugs live with their parents '' when they do n't actually know * who * the antifa actually are ? 
  you need it to be in the accusative case as it is the direct object . 
  well , i was being pedantic , and if so , another change you would need to make would be * nerfendam * to * nerfendum * , because centurion is a male rather than a female , so you want the masculine accusative rather than the feminine . 
  then it would be pretty much correct latin , if `` nerferendus '' was part of a real verb . 
  well , actually , it would be * incredibiles * because it 's the plural form of the ^ masculine ^ ^ nominative ... 
  ah , whatever . 
  it 's hard to open against someone who is n't falling for the celtic curse side cancels , and he ca n't even confirm a gb after a parry . 
  it 's not being ( entirely ) perscriptivist . 
  there are still a huge amount of people who consider the `` should of '' construction an error . 
  anyone else getting bothered by the use of `` prescriptivism '' in this sub ? 
  not perscriptivism itself , but how people will post something and automatically claim x or y is badling just because it is prescriptivist . 
  it feels like sometimes , things will be posted here and the r4 will just be `` it 's prescriptivist lol '' and end there . 
  i 've even seen some really weird claims that go to some logical extremes such as `` native speakers can not make mistakes '' . 
   this is because many common prescriptivist canards are quite simply wrong and prescriptivism often reflects a lack of knowledge about how language works . 
  that does n't mean prescriptivism is always wrong all the time , it just means it 's used badly by people who do n't know about language . 
  prescriptivism is somewhat necessary when it comes to languages as it is ; dictionaries , style guides , learning materials etc are prescriptive by nature , even if they include topical slang that may or may not stand the test of time . 
  it 's not like prescriptivism and descriptivism are completely at odds with eachother , either . 
  i do n't really think anyone here thinks that language standards are , by themselves , a bad idea . 
   i 've never really seen that . 
  the second most rated comment on this sub is that bingo thing that just has `` prescriptivism '' on one of its spaces . 
  in terms of a perhaps more serious example , [ here ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/badlinguistics/comments/6v7whw/i_see_your_prescriptivism_and_respond_with_more/ ) is a good one . 
   that is an oversimplification ; people can have a slip of their tongue or whatever , but this largely holds true . 
  it 's an oversimplification because that 's literally what i read , word for word , and i read that particular claim in [ this ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/badlinguistics/comments/6onuje/rlearnjapanese_is_back_at_it_again_with_a_thread/ ) thread . 
  it is indeed entirely possible for natives to make mistakes . 
   you can speak english while being totally illiterate and have never encountered any formal learning materials, 
  that 's true , but reading/writing is still a major component of languages , and it is n't an unsafe bet to say that anyone who has learned english and is totally illiterate and has never encountered any forming learning materials , would likely be speaking a dialect that could be very far removed from standard english , and have difficulty understanding/being understood by speakers of standard english and other dialects . 
   language standards are n't inherently bad , but are often used to oppress minorities who do n't follow the standard, 
  yes , that is my point . 
  the problem is that i see people on this sub a little too eager to jump on something for being `` prescriptivist '' regardless of its context . 
   that was downvoted , though , and is about orthography , which you could argue is n't inherently part of the language . 
  and you could argue that it is , which i would agree with . 
  if the ultimate goal of language is to be understood , then writing in ipa may technically be valid but people are going to have a hard time actually understanding you . 
   yes , but that depends on what you mean by a mistake . 
  i was thinking the definition of mistake in this context to mean an erroneous application of a word or piece of grammar or whatever that arose accidentally , or from not knowing the correct form , like misspellings , or mixing up verb conjugations , or something like that . 
  the point of my definition was that the mistakes that arise were * not * deliberate . 
   have you heard of the concept of speakers having subconscious mental grammars ? 
  because when mistakes are referred to by me , i mean stuttering , etc , not linguistic change . 
  and as i 've said , orthography is n't part of language per se . 
  i have n't heard of subconscious mental grammars , actually . 
  in terms of non-orthographical errors people could make , there are things like using regular declensions/conjugations for words that are irregular ( like plural `` fishes '' , or saying `` i writed '' ) . 
  these kinds of errors would be considered mistakes and then get corrected , or at least acknowledged as erroneous . 
  do n't worry about that guy . 
  he 's just making a ( bad ) joke . 
  that 's an interesting translation .
