  in fact , there are politicians who are , and have been , promoting them * right now * . 
  so the difference is between what the believers actually do , rather than actually trying to tell me that christianity and islam do n't have the exact same instructions in their books . 
  what does that have to do with islam , then ? 
  so basically , your argument is that these me terrorists act the way they do because of islam . 
  not because their nations have been constantly destabilised from ( us-backed ) war , not because of the power vacuums and inefficient puppet governments that exist there , not because previous , progressive leaders were ousted during the cold war , but because of islam . 
  solely islam . 
   we have the best societies and are constantly called evil and openly discriminated against in our own homes, 
  except you are an american living in america . 
  you do n't know anything about europe . 
  91 % upvotes . 
  ganz brilliant !, 
  it 's not the reason it actually happens . 
  actually , it started off as a practice to stop american men from masturbating . 
  it 's not easy to explain because there are a multitude of reasons , but basically the reasons the us gave for the invasion of afghanistan in 2001 were to dismantle al-qaeda ( who were responsible for 9/11 ) and oust the taliban government . 
  it gets a little complicated here when you start factoring in that the soviets invaded afghanistan earlier in the 80s , and the taliban ( who were called mujahideen ) back then were the group that came around to fight them , and the us decided to assist in a proxy conflict by training and giving arms to the mujahideen . 
  in a way , once the soviets were gone , the taliban 's power and reach was basically the us ' fault . 
  then the iraq war , which some say is the biggest blunder in foreign policy of the united states . 
  basically , bush and then uk president , tony blair , decided that invading iraq was a good idea on the grounds that saddam hussein had connections to al-qaeda ( he did n't ) and that he had wmds ( he did n't ) . 
  hussein was ousted the same year the war began ( 2003 ) but us troops remained until 2011 because the power vacuum and instability that saddam 's death created was really bad news . 
  most notoriously , it gave rise to isis ( or isil , or is , or daesh ) in 2014 . 
  that 's the gist of it , but i reckon it would be a good idea to watch a documentary or something because i 'm not a historian . 
  while i generally do think r/incels is full of nutcases , rape fantasies such as these are actually kind of common . 
  the difference is that people who are actually at risk of carrying it out are the ones both unhinged enough to think it 's a good idea , and the ones with the actual drive to be able to do it . 
  the latter is what is stopping incels . 
  these people are strange but they 're harmless . 
  it is mostly just them venting frustration in a really nasty way ( like r/childfree or the bad parts of r/atheism ) . 
  i love how these are gunnuts that praise this as a good thing . 
  is n't it so wonderful that you now have to take protection from your own neighbours into your own hands because one of them might be unhinged enough to shoot you for ostensibly not liking what you have to say ? 
  i would like to go back to the time when r/atheism was the most hateful subreddit on the website . 
  they look like hare krishnas next to the_dolan and his gang of merry ~ ~ men ~ ~ fascists, 
  huge props to him for making a video calling out the alt-right on their hypocrisy of claiming the left are just full of `` triggered '' people when they themselves were triggered by him not condemning blm and instead going after joey salads in his obviously biased anti-blm video . 
  h3h3 is n't perfect ( the whole leafy drama was a bit stupid ) , but they are much more reasonable than most . 
  another american talking about europe as if he knows anything . 
  i managed to also record it from my perspective . 
  it 's quite hard to pull off reliably , but basically you aim slightly higher than straight ahead . 
  i could see it working as a last-ditch clutch strategy , but it took us a few attempts each to actually get more than hitmarkers . 
  like the other guy said , you want `` mir '' , the dative case , rather than `` mich '' , the accusative case . 
  this is because you are the indirect object , you are receiving something . 
  do n't worry , i 'm learning too , and cases are one of those things native english speakers will be a little unfamiliar with as we do n't really change things by case in english . 
  he 's my ~ ~ test subject ~ ~ lab partner and an ( allegedly ) good tracer . 
  he 's also quite fond of the alternator . 
  i 've tried that , as well . 
  though that one should seem fairly obvious . 
  would n't say so . 
  even if you could do this reliably , getting rodeo 'd as such a mobile titan is really rare . 
  `` they make germany great again '', 
  i 'm not really sure what they were trying to go for here . 
  `` she makes europe great again '' ? 
  i have an inkling that he means nick young, 
  though he 's a basketball player, 
  and what others are coming ? 
  the frommer auto is literally the exact same gun as the automatico but with less bullets in the mag . 
  i see what you did there with that definite article . 
  `` weh '' means both , really . 
  it could mean sorrow or grief , or it can mean pain . 
  to stop school shooters . 
  seriously . 
  i do n't really get where you 're coming from , for the post you 've linked anyway . 
  to me , it just seems he 's weirded out from how realistic the marble statue resembles a human thigh , especially the impression of softness from how the hand is pressing down on it . 
  seems like a pretty normal response to seeing material behave the completely opposite as what is typically expected of it . 
  i do n't know if i 'd call you `` perfectly normal '' if you go around calling people making innocuous statements `` horny loser '' . 
  wow , that 's brutal . 
  slight correction , but rising is n't on ps4 . 
  are n't these the same people going on and on about the day of the rope and throwing people out of helicopters ? 
  what a coincidence , that 's my exact situation . 
  this honestly really should n't surprise you and honestly , condemning that sub is moral policing a bit too much . 
  if it 's not to your taste , that 's fine , but that does n't mean that there 's anything wrong with the people who partake in it . 
  do n't forget that there are women who enjoy this kind of stuff too , and consent to being treated this way . 
  i do n't live in the uk , but my understanding was the edl was very nationalistic ( and racist ) and had quite a big presence . 
  what about them ? 
  i remember i had a trump supporter on one of the discord servers i 'm on who genuinely believed trump cared at all about people like him . 
  he 's a sales associate at walmart . 
   i prefer to say anti-muslim bigotry instead because criticism of islam ( homophobia , terrorism , lack of women 's rights ) should not be conflated with actual bigotry against muslims . 
  if i criticize the saudi government for treating women as second-class citizens , that is not the same thing as me attacking sikhs or trying to rip a muslim woman 's hijab off . 
  if you refer to muslims as `` sandniggers '' , `` camelfuckers '' and other derogatory slurs for people of arab descent or say shit like `` glass the middle east '' then you are obviously a racist , anti-muslim bigot and i 'm not going to take your scrutiny of islam seriously . 
  this one seems alright, 
   mandatory road-side breathalyzer test , just because i was speeding, 
  christ , i hope this is n't a real quote . 
  ah , did n't know about that . 
  good grief . 
  they do n't even know what 's best for their own . 
  mhm . 
  very telling that the actual germans on reddit will be found on r/the _ schulz instead . 
  bom is a pure skill weapon . 
  the arcane scaling is very low and the arcane damage it has already is pretty token . 
  same goes with the burial blade . 
  acb only really works with very high arcane because it does n't do as much damage as it looks like it does . 
  on top of that , because most arcane weapons ( which are really just normal weapons with arcane gems in them ) scale solely off arcane , there are n't very many compelling reasons to do anything but pure arcane . 
  arcane/strength can work if you want to use the hmls , but you 're looking at a 50/50 build in that case . 
  this is one of those things that * must * be american because there 's no other way to explain how stupid and wasteful it is . 
  not really how languages work . 
  this is more indicative of the people who speak them , not the languages themselves . 
  how would he figure it out ? 
  he has nothing really solid to go on , and the cursing happened 2-3 decades ago . 
  agreed . 
  i really hate how americans claim their `` ancestry '' and then obviously know nothing about it . 
  seems to affect `` irish '' americans the worst . 
  all this bollocks about `` racial purity '' amounts to nothing , all they do is parade around pop-culture about their `` heritage '' and think that just because they wear green and drink guiness , they 're pure-blooded irishmen . 
  it 's not bad , it 's just somewhat detached from the other two . 
  it 's less about exploring super spooky ruins yourself , finding artifacts and shooting at mutants and whatnot , and more fighting loads of human enemies with friendly backup .
