  buff the mosconi considerably , to perhaps give it a reason to have slugs , as a two-shot sniper , and speed up its reload , it 's just way too slow . 
  also , perhaps the option for a scope mount , and the ability to akimbo them if you have the sawn off stock and barrel mods . 
  give akimbo weapons two firing modes . 
  one is two shots a click like normal , and the other is each shot in alternation . 
  allow for more pistols to be dual wielded , specifically the stryk and the broncos . 
  allow for certain smgs to be dual-wielded , like the one handed ones . 
  the mark 10 , the blaster , the cobra , and the cmp are all nice candidates for this . 
  add the option to switch to your melee weapon , which allows you to swing at a faster rate . 
  also add the time it takes to swing a melee weapon to its stats in the weapon select menu . 
  a cool feature , though probably unnecessary , is to add special damage modifiers to kinds of weapons . 
  knives could do extra damage from the back , and blunt weapons could do extra damage to heavily armoured enemies . 
  an idea i had for assault rifles , is for a stat to make an enemy more likely to play a heavy hurt animation . 
  let 's call it `` stopping power '' . 
  rifles like the eagle heavy , the gewehr 3 , and the m308 would have high stopping power , while guns like the car-4 could be given low stopping power for balance . 
  more hidden stats would be great , like having the jp36 have very low recoil , or the ak5 being laser precise yet low damage . 
  shotgun ammo types are basically worthless aside from he . 
  slugs in particular need huge buffs . 
  they all need to have the penalty of increased ammo pickup rate removed , or at the very least mitigated . 
  slugs should not have damage falloff . 
  000 needs to find some reason to exist besides marginal damage increase . 
  perhaps an increased damage modifier to specials . 
  sniper rifles are pretty well balanced , though . 
  that would just mean the new breakpoint is somewhere a little higher than it currently is . 
  if you can hit the highest possible health , that 's still a breakpoint . 
  and a +5 % randomiser would make the headshot breakpoint , not 40 , but 41 ( which a lot of 40 damage weapons hit anyway ), 
  army of two had that . 
  if your partner was downed out in the open , you could drag him into cover where you could revive him away from bullets . 
  luckily , the loco is a pd : th weapon , as is the gl40 . 
  then do n't hipfire . 
  yep , but this thread is about the best weapons with no dlcs . 
  the uar is pretty much the only assault rifle that can be modded for 40 + damage and still be useable without dlcs . 
  it 's a sad truth , but dlc owners are at a huge advantage compared to non-dlc owners . 
  car-4 reaches its ridiculous power with gage mod courier . 
  if you do n't have mod courier , the car-4 is average at best . 
  apparently it 's real hard to stay still while you 're aiming , but alright . 
  `` your opinion is just wrong '', 
  just stay goddamn still when you 're shooting . 
  let go of the wasd keys . 
  that 's all you have to do . 
  she 's probably talking more about thirdworld countries and such where they 're far more heteronormative, 
  what is the worst weapon in every category and why ? 
  reinfield is worse than the predator or the mosconi ? 
  not correct . 
  the skull mask and the scope were just for preordering the game , i have those and i only payed the $ 30 asking price . 
  the $ 50 version had all sorts of stuff like beta access , the soundtrack , more ingame money , things like that . 
  laser sight and patience . 
  this question is probably the most frequented asked question of all time on this subreddit , and the answer is always the same : no . 
  alright , then, 
  each charge increases gun damage by 50 % ? 
  you did n't think this through . 
  all this would take is to shank an officer to death then you 'd literally be able to one-shot a bulldozer with the thanatos . 
  aside from that , it is too much effort to otherwise get use of . 
  why would i want to melee someone to get a damage bonus to my gun when i could just shoot him a second time ? 
  i can see you 've mentioned shotguns would get use out of this , but shotguns already one-shot non-specials , and follow-up shots on specials are n't particularly hard to do . 
  also , that last perk ( showdown ) just plain sucks . 
  a 3 second swan song that you have to be in melee form to activate ? 
  might as well let you sprint in any direction while it 's active . 
  there 's a reason everyone who gets swan song aces it , because non-aced swan song is not enough time to do anything . 
  according to one of the developers , he is getting this . 
  the demons are explained to be hallucinations in a note you find later on , brought on by some sort of toxic gas or something . 
  i do n't know of anyone who uses it , auto-fire is about a million times more helpful . 
  i would like to make a case that as the rpk can now use the classic stock and the aluminium grip , it is no longer low-tier . 
  compared to your optimal weapon loadout for the death wish ksp , it even has 4.5 more stability with the same accuracy and damage . 
  lmgs in general are only good for disturbing the peace, 
  i 'm pretty sure hoxton always called clover by name . 
  i 've noticed that you can get to 34/10/6 with 30 concealment with the compact-5 with a stubby compensator , auto-fire , sehr kurze , straight mag and bare essentials . 
  to my knowledge , this makes it the only smg that can hit 30 conceal and the 32 breakpoint . 
  this may or may not be a big deal for fugitives . 
  how are you so bad at using the he judge is my question, 
  but you can light the gas cans with the flame thrower, 
  i have literally never heard of a hack that stops others ' hacks from working , in any game . 
  you would have to be crazy or a challenge gamer to try dr miserable on deathwish . 
  the problem would be that your character would look like total ass from third person . 
  the third person animations in this game are really barebones . 
  i would say motoi sakuraba is one . 
  he does non-video game stuff but his music for dark souls 1 and 2 is amazing . 
  firestarter day 2 ? 
  a setup by hector , maybe . 
  that does n't explain why there would be gage packages , though . 
  crit chance to silenced weapons would actually be really lovely . 
  i think perhaps i 'd make iron man 's ace the new moving target, 
  it is unfortunate but it is still quite easy to farm points by tossing medkits and ammokits like candy . 
  often , some of the most popular guns in the game are also ones you unlock early . 
  for instance , the m249 ( beating the campaign and selecting irish ) , the ak5 ( first carbine ) and the acw-r ( 2nd carbine ) are all very solid . 
  asymmetrical makes sense though , and has been around before evolve . 
  i would classify left 4 dead as asymmetrical . 
  i would n't say grinding is a good idea . 
  bf4 is more forgivable because the starting weapons are quite solid , but locking the meta guns to a higher progression tree is nonsense . 
  a `` buy what you want '' model would mean gun balance is easier because you 'd see the playerbase using all the strong weapons . 
  when you get `` in the zone '' , taking out dudes left and right and making huge plays , bonus points if they 're clutch . 
  stuff like gunning down an entire squad with your pdw as engineer and then nailing that scout heli with the sraw , or turning the tide of a battle at a cap point single-handedly as assault by being quick with the shock paddles and quicker with your assault rifle , or even just nailing a headshot from a few hundred metres away . 
  even though i already have bf4 premium , i hate it when good deals are on gamestop or amazon because they are us-only ( and i live in nz ) . 
  that writing is korean, 
  one of the reasons why i prefer to use gunner thermal instead of zoom, 
  oh shit , someone with the exact same processor as me !, 
  i 'm not really sure how you are managing to even run the game though , with 8gb and a gtx960 on low , i get sub-30 in 64 players when there 's a lot going on . 
  with my set-up , frame-rate varies literally between 25-30 and 120 . 
  things like shadowplay ( how a lot of people on here get their clips , you 'll be able to use it now that you have a gtx960 because it required at least a gt650 ) have fps overlays that you can turn on and off . 
  commenting to say that you 're toxic as fuck , and calling him `` literally videogame cancer '' is * incredibly * ironic, 
  for at mines , ( if i recall correctly ) it is 3 to take out a lav , because each mine does 47 damage for some dumb reason,
