  i had tried other popular ones like clementine and amarok but they seemed a bit clutered . 
  noise is elegant . 
  eos just calls it `` music '' . 
  it 's really not . 
  the reason i stopped playing . 
  the dlc got out of hand . 
  no problem , buddy, 
  i actually no joke considered this to be a downside using antergos . 
  same with sabayon , what ass screenfetch logos . 
  what kind of problems are you having ? 
  so you 've gotten other distributions to work ? 
  you sure ? 
  i have an efi motherboard and i installed eos two days ago . 
  windows 7 and eos , on the same hard drive . 
  ... okay, 
  i 'm sure shuttleworth is bawling his eyes out on his pillow . 
  that 's odd . 
  if you were on mint , you should have been able to just apt-get install steam and it should have worked . 
  rms does use the internet but goes through a huge amount of loops to make sure his privacy is ensured . 
   i am careful in how i use the internet . 
   i generally do not connect to web sites from my own machine , aside from a few sites i have some special relationship with . 
  i usually fetch web pages from other sites by sending mail to a program ( see git : / / git.gnu.org/womb/hacks.git ) that fetches them , much like wget , and then mails them back to me . 
  then i look at them using a web browser , unless it is easy to see the text in the html page directly . 
  i usually try lynx first , then a graphical browser if the page needs it ( using konqueror , which wo n't fetch from other sites in such a situation ) . 
   i occasionally also browse unrelated sites using icecat via tor . 
  except for rare cases , i do not identify myself to them . 
  i think that is enough to prevent my browsing from being connected with me . 
   i never pay for anything on the web . 
  anything on the net that requires payment , i do n't do . 
  ( i made an exception for the fees for the stallman.org domain , since that is connected with me anyway . ), 
  i also avoid paying with credit cards . 
   i would not mind paying for a copy of an e-book or music recording on the internet if i could do so anonymously , and it were ethical in other ways ( no drm or eula ) . 
  but that option almost never exists . 
  i keep looking for ways to make it exist . 
  from his [ website ] ( https://stallman.org/stallman-computing.html ), 
  nouveau does n't even work on the 9xx range . 
  i have a gtx960 and it makes it a definite asspain to distrohop . 
  so , then , what * do * you do with that 970 ? 
  there are definitely no libre games out right now that require the kind of power the 970 gives you . 
  you could have picked an older card that supports nouveau ( which is a completely libre driver , unlike ati 's open-source ones which actually are n't entirely free ) , but you went with a 970 because ... ? 
  so you claim to be a freetard but then use stock android and chrome . 
  i 'm going with the other guy , you are so unbelievably hypocritical . 
  it is n't even hard to get a foss browser on android , you can download ones like firefox and lightning from the appstore . 
  mhm . 
  i would like a response on why you thought a 970 was necessary . 
  i ca n't think of any foss games that require such a powerful card . 
  yet , earlier , you said, 
  never . 
  if you use a non-free program , you are the problem . 
  ( not just freedom for yourself , but for me . 
  if you use a non-free program , you are helping someone develop a non-free program which does jack shit for everyone else wanting to create/control/develop said program to be better . 
  it seriously hurts everyone so fk anyone using any non-free production program . 
  it 's personal . ), 
  so you want other people to stop using non-free programs , but it 's alright for you to continue ? 
  you are * unbelievably * hypocritical . 
  and it is indeed possible to have a computer that 's 100 % free software . 
  things like the [ libreboot x200 ] ( http://minifree.org/product/libreboot-x200/ ) run free software through and through , down to the firmware level . 
  you would be able to afford that and get it , but you wo n't . 
  you 're sacrificing freedom for convenience , and then cursing others for doing the same . 
  lol . 
  yet cyanogenmod ( which is foss ) supports the gs5 . 
  instead , you claim to be for foss and use stock android . 
  never . 
  if you use a non-free program , you are the problem . 
  ( not just freedom for yourself , but for me . 
  if you use a non-free program , you are helping someone develop a non-free program which does jack shit for everyone else wanting to create/control/develop said program to be better . 
  it seriously hurts everyone so fk anyone using any non-free production program . 
  it 's personal . ), 
  i do n't think i 'm the one not using my brain . 
  so do you actually have an argument or are you just going to say mean things about me ? 
  what i 'm seeing right now is someone who wants others to make compromises but does n't want to do that himself . 
  you either need to start walking the walk , or accept that proprietary software is n't evil by default . 
  yes , because previously you told me you were on verizon ( you did n't ) . 
  you also could have done some research into cm or other foss roms before you bought your phone , but as you 've proven you do n't really care about actually using foss software , i do n't think it would have made a difference . 
  because you 're talking shit and then not backing it up . 
  you ca n't say shit like, 
  never . 
  if you use a non-free program , you are the problem . 
  and then continue to use non-free programs yourself . 
  you have to practice what you preach or people ( such as myself ) will think you 're a clown who should n't be taken seriously . 
  `` you 're stupid you 're stupid you 're stupid you 're stupid '', 
  alright . 
  does n't make you any less hypocritical , though . 
  tons !, 
  how much did you pay for the 970 and the gs5 ? 
  never . 
  if you use a non-free program , you are the problem . 
  probably xubuntu . 
  if you want an even lighter on the hardware distro , lubuntu is what you need . 
  this was really informative and helpful considering i did n't know init systems in depth ( i knew what an init was , but not how they worked ) . 
  however , would it be possible for a short explanation on the openrc thing that the gentoo developers created ? 
  i have seen quite a few movements and guides and such around to replace systemd with openrc in whatever distro you have , is openrc any different ? 
  i can imagine the thought process of the guy on the receiving end of that . 
  saurik ( the guy who made cydia ) said that apple could win if they keep inventing ways to prevent jailbreaks faster than the jailbreakers can crack them . 
  as 8.4.1 is still uncracked , they may be succeeding , at least temporarily . 
  eventually . 
  it will take a long while , though . 
  i interpret it as how good it looks to the outside observer , because the leaves are the part you see . 
  to the uninitiated , windows has the reputation and the commonality , whereas people believe linux to be only for technical computer geeks . 
  if you ca n't do the gpu passthrough , then dual-booting is your only option for running apps natively .
