  works both ways , even . 
  you can kill crystal sage and still summon/be invaded in crab swamp . 
  yep . 
  i tried to do the same thing with magic damage and an int build instead . 
  do n't do it , it wo n't work out . 
  it ended up losing about a quarter of the damage compared to my mlgs . 
  i would n't say it 's completely unusable , but not generally worth it . 
  if you want to lightning infuse something that already has lightning damage , the lothric greatsword and the dragonslayer axe ( creighton 's one ) work much , ** much ** better . 
  i 'd say the most popular build for new players is either quality ( strength and dexterity simultaneously ) or pure strength . 
  quality builds have the highest damage but obviously require the stat investments . 
  remember that the damage softcap is 40 , so i would n't recommend leveling strength or dexterity past 40 . 
  do n't neglect vigor or endurance as they 're very important , and there 's no such thing as having too much of either . 
  many players go as high as 40 vigor , and an endurance that high is n't rare either . 
  vitality is generally kinda pointless , armour is n't as necessary as it was in previous games , though it still is n't a good idea to go naked . 
  do n't go past 70 % as you 'll start fatrolling and your stamina regen will slow . 
  if you want hard-hitting , the two weapons that the exiles ( the dudes in black armour that drop the great club and the exile greatsword ) drop in the crab swamp area just before the crystal sage are very hard hitting indeed . 
  the exile greatsword in particular is fantastic , it is heavy but it has a lot of damage and can stunlock with the best of them , and due to its high base damage , is basically the best curved greatsword . 
  i would n't use dragonslayer axe on an int build , it would be doing pretty low damage especially at only 18 str . 
  it is indeed good , beats out the rest of the rapiers assuming you infuse them with crystal . 
  it 's light and the added item drop bonus is pretty cool , too . 
  i use it on my caster when i feel the slowness of the mlgs will get me killed . 
  some weapons have really funny scaling when you use the physical infusions . 
  i know that at 40/40 , an exiled greatsword is actually better off sharp than refined . 
  how could you ? 
  my favourite support would * never * be this proprietary . 
   few meager weapons ( havelyn/mastohelix ), 
  that 's downplaying it a pretty hefty amount . 
  those things were far more powerful than any buffed estoc . 
  hornet parry spam is not unique to dark souls 3 and i would argue is more necessary than ever because of how stacked invasions can be . 
  not to mention how many duels i 've won because my opponent consistently failed to parry me , i do n't see how parryspam is really an issue . 
  sure , being oneshot is annoying , but at least a riposte oneshot was somewhat earned . 
  being taken to 0 hp because of a single powerstanced avelynn barrage is pretty lame . 
  climax was also pretty ridiculous , too . 
  being oneshot by a spell that moves quickly and has a decent amount of tracking is pretty ridiculous . 
  you can blow off a lot of pvp strats by saying their counter , but the thing is that dual avelynns was wicked strong and dying in one barrage of it was pretty lame , and i would honestly say at the time of ds2 's release , there was a lot of real unbalanced stuff . 
  i could just as easily say `` parry the incoming estoc r1 '' because they 're all identical , but just because something has a counter does n't mean it is n't an issue . 
  oroboro had a video released shortly after ds2 was released of him just gunning people down like it was nothing with climax , and i know he 's oroboro and knows a thing or two about cheese strats , [ but when he does it so easily , something is definitely up . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ui0luuv3ux8 ), 
  but ... why ? 
  soul memory was the worst attempt to stop twinking out of all from 's attempts . 
  lances to be good again . 
  i remember they were actually worth a damn in 2 . 
  i used that all the time , actually . 
  i liked how it looked like an actual jousting lance and had lightning . 
  for dex/faith , i 'd use the dragonslayer spear or the dragonslayer swordspear . 
  they do n't scale particularly well on faith but they 're very good weapons in their own right . 
  alternatively , you could apply buffs to twin weapons as the l1 mashing will make good use of it . 
  gotthards would be fantastic for that but most of the twin weapons would work . 
  for a sorcery build , my backup weapon for the mlgs is the crystal sage rapier . 
  18 dex is a bit of a requirement but it is actually pretty good . 
  how is soul memory a good decision ? 
  i do n't see how it 's good at all . 
  it hinders a lot more than it helps . 
  one of my characters has more than 300 sunlight medals , that particular character would definitely be in the very highest tier of soul memory if it was in despite only being level 65 . 
  if i decided to pvp , i 'd be against max level people who would oneshot me . 
  it 's trying to fix an overblown problem by breaking something else . 
  you missed the point pretty well . 
  i do n't want to level , i want to stay at 65 so i can get a high range of people who want help from mid to late game . 
  astora greatsword and the hand axe do very well with crystal infusions , more so than other weapons in their category . 
  i still have n't seen an explanation of why soul memory is good . 
  sure , the agape ring would have kept my sm where it was , but then i would n't be able to pay for any resins or blossoms or firebombs that i used during the boss fights . 
  soul memory is an awful mechanic and i 've yet to see a single convincing argument for it . 
  it does n't even stop twinks because they just go hard on the bosses and run past everything else like a speedrunner . 
   i 'm not saying that sm is perfect , but it did protect against twinking for new ( sub 30k souls ) players , since defeating bosses will grant souls . 
  and i just explained how it does n't actually help . 
  in fact , it makes it worse . 
  new players are likely to die more often , contributing to their soul memory without making them any progress . 
  twinks , on the other hand , will run past all enemies and just fight the necessary bosses . 
  pvp matches at these ones can be hilariously unbalanced because one party has used all their souls and other has had much of them go to waste . 
   you might start seeing twinks once you reach belfry luna , but by then you have a solid grasp of the game mechanics . 
  people can beat the game and still not have a solid grasp of the mechanics . 
  and if i wanted to showcase ds2 's pvp , belfry luna would not be the way i would do it . 
  being instantly fogged in a scenario that is a solo player vs invader ( s ) and npcs even while hollow is not showcasing the strengths of ds2 's pvp . 
   noob 's first dark souls invasion is absolutely critical to their perception of pvp . 
  it must absolutely not feel like `` it 's just impossible for me to win because their gear is too good '' . 
  that will result in them dcing themselves whenever invasions happen , and naturally they will never touch any creos until they are absolutely confident they have the most powerful items in the game . 
  invasions are supposed to feel like a definite obstacle that you choose to submit yourself to , another thing ds2 completely missed by letting you be invaded while hollow . 
  ds3 and bb was more in line of what it should be , you can give yourself advantages with more health and summons , but if you do , you open yourself up to invasions . 
  that alone is enough to ease the fears of people afraid of invasions while also opening up avenues for a downside to summoning as well as people who are looking for a match . 
   the first invasion should preferably have equipment resembling another starting class , possibly with a weapon that comes from the same area of the invasion , give and take reasonable damage , and defeat the noob with pure skill or environmental gimmicks . 
  soul memory created a system that facilitated such experiences . 
  it did n't . 
  the agape ring is possible to get at around 30k souls . 
  the lengths from went to to discourage twinking almost ruined other aspects of the game . 
  you could n't have a purposefully low level character who had tons of souls anymore , which is something i did in all the other games . 
  you would also be pushed higher and higher into the pvp min-maxing meta so gimmick and cosplay builds started becoming more difficult to use . 
  twinks are an unavoidable part of pvp , and it is very obvious that soul memory was devised just to impede them , but that is a really dumb thing to do . 
  making it harder to twink just means that the twinks you will inevitably get will be better and more experienced . 
  i know this , [ i farmed top-tier bloodtinge gems on a bl43 . 
  ] ( https://my.mixtape.moe/lbgnst.webm ), 
  i 'd say they did in one area where it counted . 
  thank god there is n't another rat covenant , that one was cancer . 
   it 's pretty garbage as a lightning infused weapon because the base damage/scaling balance are n't designed around it and it ends up underperforming compared to better lightning infused weapons . 
  such as ? 
  a lightning dragonslayer axe at 50 fai will have 35 ~ more lightning ar than the next best lightning infused axe . 
  black knight weapons , especially the greataxe ( hits an ar of nearly 700 at 40/40 ) as that hits like a ton of bricks . 
  basically bad until very late game , then massive power spike which trivialises the game 's difficulty . 
  this is due to the stat investment required ( 60 int , no exceptions ) and that you need to stack sorcery boosting equipment because they stack multiplicatively with each other . 
  that was impressively long , so i 'm not gon na reply to every point , just the ones i think are most pertinent . 
   it 's funny you should tout ds3 and bb as `` good pvp '' games since these are widely regarded as the games where invaders are most disadvantaged .
