  and those said philosophers * are * arguing on logic . 
  they 're not just some dudes in togas going `` lol whatever i guess '' , you 'll find for any given philosopher worth their salt , their line of reasoning will be incredibly consistent throughout all their works . 
  i can actually insult you , if you 'd like . 
  sentience is not a concrete , black and white thing , especially since it is the realm of philosophers to talk about it rather than something that deals with more concrete facts . 
   some philosophers , notably colin mcginn , believe that sentience will never be understood , a position known as `` new mysterianism '' . 
  they do not deny that most other aspects of consciousness are subject to scientific investigation but they argue that subjective experiences will never be explained ; i.e. , sentience is the only aspect of consciousness that ca n't be explained . 
  other philosophers ( such as daniel dennett , who also argues that animals are not sentient ) disagree , arguing that all aspects of consciousness will eventually be explained by science . 
  and from that small passage taken from the wikipedia article , we already have two versions of sentience . 
  my logical reasoning was quite clear , because there is no black and white , universally true explanation of what `` sentience '' is , then it is nebulous . 
  rnd for skyrim was n't designed to be unfun , though . 
  my parents lived a lot of their lives in zimbabwe . 
  my father tells me that at some bars , they would have one of those stock exchange screen things and every hour , when the currency had inevitably devalued , they 'd increase the price of the drinks to compensate . 
  he also said that many shops would flatly refuse to sell you anything until they had expenses of their own so the currency you give them wo n't become useless before they have to use it . 
  wikipedia is correct in this case . 
  zimbabwe does n't use zwd any more , they use usd . 
  me too !, 
  my father claims that cans of baked beans were the standard bartering currency . 
  i 'm not sure you understand what `` unfun '' means . 
  they were also working on alpha protocol when they were asked to do new vegas . 
  your point ? 
  are you fucking high ? 
  melee and unarmed in nv is absolute garbage compared to 4 . 
  not only are all the qol things in 4 completely absent ( sprinting , attacking out of sprinting , a more sensible block and power attack system etc ) , engagement distances in nv are pretty definitely biased towards guns because of how long and open they are . 
  the standard fight tactic is to wait behind cover until they get close enough to vats . 
  attempting to close the gap , especially on harder difficulties , will just get you shot and killed like a chump . 
  the unarmed moves you can learn are good , i admit , but trying to do any of them but scribe counter and legion assault reliably is annoyingly tricky . 
  trying to do the ranger takedown , especially , as the timing for doing it but not also moving backwards away from your target is finicky as hell . 
  there 's also the very obvious problem of bare fists being almost completely useless in nv . 
  i had a lot of difficulty doing the beyond the beef quest on my current unarmed playthrough because i kept getting my ass kicked by dudes in completely unarmoured suits . 
  early game as an unarmed character is a special kind of hell , you may as well just not use any unarmed weapons until you either loot some knuckles from a dead raider or steal the ones in primm . 
  there 's a difference between `` not fun '' and `` unfun '' when it comes to game design , though the latter is more easily explained with the term `` antifun '' . 
  fallout 4 's addictions as they are now are pretty basic , but they penalise the player without actively going out of their way to damage the player 's experience . 
  some stats from the player are reduced , but no mechanics are hampered , so the player still plays as usual with a disadvantage . 
  this is not what this kind of mod would do . 
  this is screwing heavily with the interface , something that is incredibly important to the player at pretty much all stages of the game , and in doing so would make the game severely less fun ( trust me , it would . 
  having your carry weight dictated by a random number generator would just piss people off ) . 
  sure , it sounds novel and exciting , but i guarantee the majority of people who were positive towards this would change their minds once they actually experience it . 
  screwing with the interface is something that * has * to be done in * very * sparse doses . 
  danish , compared to most other languages , is actually pretty straight-forward for english speakers to learn as well . 
  syntax and grammar are very similar . 
  whirligig is the anti-everything weapon . 
  that thing seems to have far more stunning power than it should . 
  i do n't actually speak danish , but from what i 've gathered from wiktionary , yes . 
  the danish version of `` it '' or `` the '' is both `` det '' and `` den '' , but what makes a word a `` det '' word and what makes it a `` den '' word are n't concrete . 
  `` det huset '' = `` the house '' . 
  `` den bilen '' = `` the car '' . 
  well , i did say i did n't speak danish . 
  i ca n't pick a favourite . 
  there are so many strong tracks , though perhaps i 'll say cleric beast because it was the first one i heard . 
  the one in the network test sounded cooler though . 
  all the dlc tracks are great , too . 
  second phases of both ludwig and living failures are particularly brilliant . 
  what is stopping him from just buying a cane from the damn messenger shop ?? 
  english has that . 
  and i meant relative to other languages , and i did n't say easy . 
  danish will be more intuitive to an english speaker than , say , finnish , or hungarian , or russian . 
  there 's also a cutscene in bloodborne which is a close-up of someone 's mouth while they 're talking . 
  the lip-syncing is ... minimal . 
  it was reminiscent of those really old games where they just had the characters open and close their mouths while they talked . 
  new zealand as well . 
  i 've never seen internet quality fluctuate so much , even on the same provider . 
  i 'm on vodafone in two separate houses , on one it 's somewhere in the 50mbps range , and on the other it 's 15mbps and i get huge ping spikes all the time . 
  `` only '' `` 2 million '' . 
  i 'm surprised you did n't stop for a second and think to yourself how dumb that sounded . 
  bloodborne is literally the second best-selling ps4 game ever . 
  `` just barely makes a profit '' lol wtf , that 's probably in the realm of $ 100-120 million in profit , maybe more depending on how many collector 's editions and such were sold , not counting what they brought in with the old hunters . 
  soulsborne games are literally money-printers . 
  from does n't make them with huge budgets , but get fat stacks in return . 
  a lot of people ( like me ) got a ps4 just for bloodborne . 
  saw cleaver is the best . 
  the cane , imo , sucks complete dick . 
  my second playthrough , i decided to start with the cane , but jeez , it does n't stagger or do damage . 
  sure , it looks cool , and there 's the pimp potential , but when i need to kill something , i 'm not going to tap them to death with what is essentially a fancy stick . 
  the majority of weapons are actually fairly good , though . 
  i was watching my friend play for the first time , and he started having a blast ( hah ) with the stake driver . 
  pretty much all the dlc weapons are great as well . 
  bloodborne also was n't displayed at e3 5 years before it was released , or have concept art from even earlier than that as alan wake did , alan wake was conceived sometime around 2003 and took 7 years to come out . 
  development on bloodborne started right after artorias of the abyss was released on consoles ( august 2012 ) , then bloodborne took roughly 2\u00a01/2 years to develop . 
  and `` everyone '' said tomb raider was a failure ? 
  no , square enix did . 
  it also did n't sell 2 million units , it sold 8.5 million . 
  when square enix said that , however , it had sold 3.4 million by that point , and the reason why they considered it a failure was because square enix spent a lot ( a * lot * ) of money on its creation , bloated as western aaa development tends to be , i can remember the tressfx screenshots like they were yesterday . 
  consider that from 's earlier titles ( des and ds ) were pretty much advertised through word of mouth , though that may be a bit skewed from my perception because where i live , video games are n't advertised at all unless they 're very popular ( stuff like fallout 4 ) . 
  and yes , miyazaki said from would focus on new things after ds3 , but that 's not what i was talking about . 
  i do n't . 
  i 've tried to find numbers on development costs but i ca n't . 
  i do know , however , that demons ' souls was very low budget , they were expecting to push something like 100k copies , and that was a similar case with the first dark souls . 
  it was n't until dark souls ii where from decided to start outsourcing and such . 
  and have you actually played tomb raider ? 
  the amount of cutscenes and setpieces and such in that game are impressive to look at , but they 're like the cgi in hollywood movies in that in trying to employ these shock and awe tactics to the viewer , they end up costing a lot . 
  even bloodborne , which is from 's most visually impressive outing , there are n't any parts of the game that go all michael bay on you . 
  basically , what windows ( and mac ) uses is an interface called a `` floating '' window manager . 
  this means that when you open a window , it `` floats '' , meaning you can drag it around and resize it and that . 
  they 're very intuitive and that 's why they 're the most popular window managers . 
  tiling window managers work differently , you 'll start with basically just your desktop . 
  then , when you open a program , it 'll take up the whole screen . 
  if you open another one , it 'll section off the screen space you 're currently using , usually by halving it , and the new program will be in that new half . 
  what many of these tiling managers allow is for multiple `` screens '' at once as an alternative to alt-tabbing . 
  imagine you had multiple monitors , but it 's all on the one monitor and you can switch between them with a hotkey . 
  tiling window managers are a little tricky to get used to , but many people swear by them .
