  getting to the hamlet is n't terribly hard . 
  ludwig has a lot of health but leaves himself open a lot in his first form and dodging his attacks is fairly straight-forward , especially in the second phase even though he tracks quite heavily in phase two . 
  the difficulty of living failures varies rather drastically depending on your build , but generally , with bolt paper and a good weapon , then they 're a push over . 
  it 's even possible to perpetually kill them as they get out of the ground , forcing a new one to spawn where the old one died , so you can pretty much perfect the fight with no difficulty . 
  speedrunners do it , and i do it as well if my build allows for it . 
  maria is a pushover . 
  she can be difficult if you have a low vitality or you 're deep in a few ng + cycles because she can attack very suddenly sometimes and can also be very aggressive , but her low health and susceptibility to staggering means that she can be pushed around very easily , especially by heavier weapons . 
  for some people who played the game quite a lot before the dlc came out , it was n't uncommon for many to beat maria on their first attempt . 
  she 's basically gascoigne without the shock of being the first boss in the game . 
  you can get the cleaver/spear to strike you as flimsy as much as you want , it does n't change that they 're very versatile and effective weapons . 
  there is indeed a reason speedrunners use exclusively the cleaver , r1 spam and transform attacks are effective for what they are , the saw cleaver is a very uncomplicated weapon , somewhat analogous to the longsword from ds1 . 
  nothing complicated , just swing . 
  the pick is better than the whirligig if you 're a skill build , and does rival it generally in terms of damage , ease of use , reach etc , but there are only a handful of enemies that are weak to thrust and a smaller handful weak to righteous , yet there are a very big quantity of enemies weak to serration . 
  even if the whirligig was n't serrated , its damage in both forms as well as stagger potential are huge . 
  tier lists do n't particularly exist in bb . 
  there are a few weapons that are definitely top tier ( whirligig , saif , rakuyo , lhb , saw spear etc ) and a few weapons that are definitely low tier ( stake driver , rifle spear ) , but aside from that , it is really down to preference . 
  the tonitrus is incredibly limited , though . 
  100 durability which depletes even faster when buffed , and all that for a weapon that can do a lot of bolt damage if you 're arcane . 
  it is a lot of investment for a weapon that is only situationally helpful . 
  it is basically a worse version of the chikage , something the kirkhammer suffers from as well . 
  and the tonitrus is basically the only weapon that suffers from a durability problem . 
  the next lowest durability ( the chikage ) does n't lose more durability while tricked , so it is really only the tonitrus that has durability as a mechanic to stop you from using its tricked mode so much . 
  the only other issue is weapon durability down gems , which are usually avoided unless you 're pvping or have n't got anything better on hand . 
  the fact that you have only just beaten maria and have n't progressed into mensis is very telling . 
  no offence , but it sounds like you are a new player who is on his first playthrough , and i do n't think you know what makes weapons good or not yet . 
  it does n't necessarily discount your opinion , true , but you would be a fool not to think that it weakens your arguments a bit . 
  there 's a reason i am saying that other weapons do what the cane does better and that is because i have used them and have seen them been used , and have been on the receiving end of them many , many times due to their popularity in pvp . 
  i have fought against many rakuyo users who have sliced me into ribbons and against many beast claw users who i killed in quite short order . 
  i know you , on the other hand , have n't experimented much . 
  you likely have been using the cane almost exclusively , maybe dabbling in the other weapons to experiment , but you have n't committed to them because since you chose it at the start of the game , the cane has worked for you . 
  there is n't anything wrong with that , but i 'm talking facts and the fact is that the cane has objectively lower dps and i am saying that makes it a poorer choice . 
  the fact that you know so much about the game yet have n't beaten it once is also a bit puzzling . 
  it means you 've been looking at guides very extensively , and while you can do that if you want to , it seems to be just you spoiling it for yourself , really . 
  i do n't know what you 're talking about when you say `` skill/dex builds are angled towards pure physical '' . 
  yes , of course they are , as are strength weapons , and this has been the case since demons ' souls . 
  if you 're talking about skl/blt , the point is not to level up skill , you leave it at the base stat for the bowblade and then pump bloodtinge , because the transformed mode of the bloodtinge weapons scales off bloodtinge exclusively . 
  blood damage is considered physical , by the way . 
  skl/arc builds do n't exist because the two skl weapons that scale off arc in any way have pathetic arc scaling . 
  str/arc exists because of the holy moonlight sword and to a lesser extent , the wheel . 
  usually , arc builds are pure arc because you do n't need any other damage stat . 
  maria is similar to gwyn and fume in that they are humanoids . 
  gwyn runs in a straight line toward you and uses very obviously telegraphed moves over and over again , which is basically a set-up for parrying . 
  fume is more like orphan , who has a lot of telegraphs but hits hard , fast , and often combos . 
  maria , on the other hand , is a test for aggressiveness . 
  if you wait for her to attack , she has the advantage because of how quickly she can attack , but if you attack her first , she will be staggered and can often be r1 spammed until you 're out of stamina or she decides to dodge out of your range . 
  being the aggressor on maria is how you 're supposed to fight her , being the aggressor on fume will get you killed because he is far sturdier than you are . 
  and i keep forgetting that the church pick is serrated . 
  mainly because `` serration '' is not an official name , and while all the other serrated weapons are actually serrated , the church pick is pretty smooth . 
  still , thrust damage only really comes into play when fighting ebrietas . 
  living failures can be done with any weapon and celestial emissary is a joke . 
  using the hmls and the cane ? 
  that 's interesting to say the least . 
  it is your first time playing but your gem and skill set-up are probably terrible and scattered . 
  the meteor attack be avoided by standing on the left side ( relative to where you enter the area ) of the tree . 
  if there 's one of them close enough , you can backstab them and use the i-frames to avoid taking damage . 
  that stat distribution is completely appalling , though understandable if it 's your first time through and you want to try anything . 
  damage softcaps are at 25 and 50 respectively . 
  unless you are an arcane build and know what you 're doing , do n't level a damage stat past 50 . 
  unless you 're planning to use bloodtinge weapons , then do not level bloodtinge past base . 
  same with arcane unless you plan to use the arc 15 hunter tools . 
  generally , your big damage stat should be at 50 and your secondary damage stat should be at 25 ( or 50 ) depending on how you level . 
  vitality should be 50 and endurance should be around 15-20 but no more than 25 . 
  you can just buy twin shards for 10k echoes at the bath , by the way , once you have the cosmic eye badge . 
  and i can tell just from hearing all this that the damage your hmls is doing is very small . 
  the hmls requires a pretty specific set-up of either high strength and full physical or high arcane and full nourishings to get it optimal . 
  the beast cutter is pretty mediocre unless you use blunt gems as it only deals blunt damage and its modifiers are somewhat low . 
  the church pick is the same , using thrust gems on it makes it ridiculously powerful because all its attacks in transformed mode are thrust . 
  echoes will eventually become so common that you can lose millions at once and not care . 
  an 18 % and a 15 % at once is pretty low , and if you think that is high then i can understand why you do n't have a problem with the cane 's dps , especially since the hmls ' dps is n't particularly amazing . 
  it 's about an average , its strengths are the tricked l2 and r2 . 
  the beast cutter 's values are its whip mode and the damage it can do untransformed with blunt gems . 
  it 's an incredibly good when if you can bother to farm the gems for it . 
  i agree with the respec but there are less stats than all the previous games , and it is n't hard to quickly make a build once you know where everything is . 
  sure . 
  i 'll start ringing in just a second . 
  bad job on my part , i 'll re-ring . 
  sure . 
  set up a password and we can clear the place out in two seconds . 
  i will advise wearing the black or white church garb for poison , and packing antidotes and frenzy resist . 
  yeah , no offence , but it 's quite clear that you 're not really on board with how builds seem to work . 
  str/arc is only good because the hmls and the wheel scale from str * and * arc at the same time ( sort of , it 's a bit complicated with the hmls ) . 
  otherwise , if you plant an elemental gem into a weapon ( that does n't already have elemental damage ) , then the physical scaling becomes meaningless and it scales on arcane alone . 
  this is why the saw weapons along with the saif are very popular with arcane characters , because you do n't need to put any stats in str or skl to hold them . 
  you 're not serious , right ? 
  if you openly admit that you 're not someone who works towards maximising stats and optimising builds , why do you argue on the objective qualities of weapons ? 
  this confirms what i thought before , that whenever you claimed any weapon was `` best '' at something , it was a second hand opinion , not one you formulated or tested for yourself . 
  it is the kirkhammer . 
  it 's viable . 
  untransformed , it is a straight sword that swings pretty fast but does n't do a lot of damage . 
  transformed , it is a greathammer that does do a lot of damage and stagger but is very limited in its moveset ( the r1s are downward swings ) and pretty slow as well . 
  you can use the pistol when it is not transformed , but when it is transformed , it is two handed , so your l2 is replaced with a different attack from the kirkhammer . 
  weapon choice is basically preference . 
  the kirkhammer has good strength scaling , however , so if you are putting points into strength , then the kirkhammer will do more damage . 
  short answer : no . 
  long answer : ng is only difficult because at first you do n't know what you 're doing . 
  however , gascoigne and cleric beast can both be beaten straight out the gate , the starting enemies have low health and can be staggered to death , upgrade materials are plentiful if you know where to look , and blood vials drop plentifully from enemies . 
  there are difficult spots in the early-mid , such as the snakehead enemies , the kidnappers , and bsb and amelia if you do n't know how to fight them , but generally ng is nothing impossible at any stage , and even when you do hit a rough point , you can always just farm up blood echoes . 
  i also find it almost insulting ( but i know that you are n't being malevolent , just uninformed ) that you say bl4 runs are aided by `` top-tier gems '' . 
  i know just from you saying this that you have n't got top-tier gems , likely have n't attempted getting them , or possibly do n't know where they are . 
  getting top-tier gems as a bl4 takes * exceptional * skill , they do n't use beast blood and bolt paper to do more damage , they use it to do damage .
