  and on the subject of spread being `` random '' , well , duh ? 
  can you imagine if there was no spread ? 
  there would n't even * be * a reason to use the low rpm weapons , as you 'd get sniped from lightyears away by all manner of assault rifles . 
  6 times . 
  low weight , high dexterity is one of the most ( if not the most ) popular builds in the entire game . 
  i would say not really . 
  there are a lot of moments in the game where it is clear they favoured dex builds , * especially * when it comes to pvp . 
  dex weapons have higher dps than str counterparts ( though str has higher per swing and also has the option of pancakes/staggers/etc ) . 
  shadowplay to record , then webm for retards to change into a webm with a bitrate of about 1600kbs , then gfycat to upload . 
  that first one is now my desktop wallpaper . 
  i ca n't find a source on this . 
  the `` hmm ... you are astonishing '' on that wikidot page says it is when you talk to him with the lordvessel without having placed it . 
  have n't really changed my preferences . 
  i 've always preferred low rof weapons anyway . 
  it would still be a problem even if bf4 's netcode was perfect , but the fact that you can sneak up for a backstab ( for any amount of legitimate reasons ) only to get shafted when they turn around at the last second , even by accident , is just such silliness . 
  in a series that has traditionally required a huge amount of situational awareness ( and i 'd argue bf4 requires the most because you can be shot from literally anywhere ) , it seems odd to be rewarded for letting someone get close enough to stab you . 
  i almost stopped reading at `` the latest patch just destroyed these weapons balance wise '' . 
  the pdws are better now than they were before , the cbj-ms in particular received a buff in just about every category , and a lot of them had their drop-off start ranges almost doubled . 
  they were the category least hit by the spread decrease per second increases , some of them have their spread decrease * faster * than it did before ( pp-2000 , cbj-ms ) . 
  about 8 bullets to kill , so what ? 
  most carbines have 7 bullets to kill at long range , and the pdws that do take 8 bullets start needing that amount at very long distances ( 40 + metres ) . 
  and hipfiring ? 
  you want to hipfire ? 
  use a pdw , then . 
  the bullpup pdws have incredibly good hipfire , especially with the laser sight . 
  or why not use a shotgun ? 
  you do n't pick engineer to use the pdws , you pick him for the rocket launchers . 
  you want effective anti-infantry ? 
  go assault . 
  engineer was already weak against infantry in bf3 because carbines are literally just ars that are worse at a distance . 
  not only that , locking engineers to have pdws and having carbines all class is effectively the same as the other way around like in bf3 , because they still have access to both . 
  it is a shame because the pdw category is probably the most diverse and interesting group of weapons , but it 's just not a good deal to pick engineer for anti-infantry because you lose both ammo and med bags . 
  this is an absolutely awful idea . 
  if you separate an assault and a ` medic ' , not only do you lose the teamwork asset that assault has in the form of medic , in favour of improving his anti-infantry . 
  not only that , you remove an incentive to actually play a medic by forcing them to use carbines . 
  under this system , no one would play medic . 
  personally , the more i hear `` bf2 was the best bf game '' , the more i should say `` then fuck off and go play it '' . 
  you gain nothing continually comparing a game to its predecessors . 
  changes were made for a reason . 
  and as for the merging of assault and medic , it was called streamlining . 
  look at 1942 . 
  the rocket launcher and repair tool were in separate classes and it was n't needed . 
  i know what teamwork means . 
  i have actually played the game . 
  i know that you can get things done alone , but working in a coherent squad means you 're much more effective . 
  bf4 is far , * far * from the one-man-army cod clone everyone likes to say it is ( if you ask me , bfbc2 was far more like cod than bf4 is ) . 
  15s is a long time to have to wait for your entire health pool to regenerate , too . 
  it is n't as short as it sounds . 
  all the `` casual feature '' you suggest are there to avoid frustration . 
  people who want a less casual gamemode can play classic mode ( personally i love classic mode but it is n't very popular ) . 
  the thing that annoys me the most about your post , however , is the claim that `` we absolutely need to reduce the number of medic '' . 
  no we absolutely do n't . 
  it 's already a rarity that i even get revived . 
  it is already possible to kit the assault with no healing capabilities whatsoever . 
  forcing people to use worse ars just to be able to heal will mean less healers than we already have . 
  `` m320 can inflict the same amount of damage than a nlaw '' . 
  okay . 
  the nlaw being the mbt law , i suppose , the launcher that does the least damage that no one uses because it 's worthless . 
  i even tried using the m320 against a tank myself . 
  a direct hit to a tank did a whopping 5 damage . 
  do not think for even one second that the m320 is a viable anti-tank weapon . 
  and saying `` you can kill tank '' is not giving any credit at all to the tank driver , especially one with a gunner . 
  if you 're an assault and a tank is nearby , and he sees you , that 's it , you 're done , you 're brown bread . 
  he 's going to shoot you and you and your piddly m320 is going to bounce right off his armour . 
  to go on your second ( actual ) point . 
  yes , 15s is not a long time when you are looking at moving from one flag to another , but in an actual firefight , 15s is an eternity . 
  the regenerating health in the recent bf titles is very slow , and is basically designed to be a non-issue for enemy combatants because it takes so long to finally kick in . 
  and i 'm not sure how this `` wait a bit and your tank is full life '' even came into your mind . 
  the auto-repair is , again , incredibly slow . 
  it takes a while to kick in and it repairs at a snail 's pace . 
  if an engineer is firing rockets at you and you ca n't take him out , he 'll kill you . 
  there has n't been a single time i 've been denied a kill because of auto-repair . 
  it just is n't an issue . 
  i am also almost in shock about this losing of `` 60 % of its complexity and beauty '' . 
  * where * did you get this crazy idea from ? 
  removing clutter is somehow removing beauty ? 
  add onto your point about how `` players do n't know how to correctly play the game '' makes you look like a fool . 
  `` it will also mean that only good players will use it '' , yeah , you mean like you ? 
  there is no good reason to separate the medbags and defibrillators from the assault class . 
  to be honest , every argument you have is either subjectively weak or objectively wrong . 
  your claim that pdws do better in cqb than even the famas and aek is nonsense . 
  the famas has a lower ttk than any of the pdws , especially since bullet velocity is on the side of the famas . 
  you argue that the auto-repair vehicles get negates the need for a repair tool . 
  try telling that to tanks that are being repaired literally as they are engaging other tanks . 
  you argue there is no teamplay , then you say that others expect you to drop medikits , ammobags , and revive and repair for them . 
  no shit . 
  that 's what teamplay is . 
  you do that for them , and they will do it for you . 
  or maybe they wo n't do it for you because you 're condescending and elitist . 
  i was actually curious , i checked bf4stats for an 's 3blapin ' and found one on pc . 
  comparing you to me , we 've played for almost the same amount of time ( you have 295 hours and i have 285 ) . 
  the most telling thing , however , is that you have 4 spotting medals and i have 17 . 
  assuming this is actually you , you go on and on about `` teamplay teamplay '' yet seemingly ca n't even press q for the rest of your team . 
  samiam223 [ utc +12 ; pc ], 
  looking for someone to go through the co-op with to unlock the guns . 
  so you ignored his point in favour of bringing up no point at all . 
  the most populated bf title is far and away bf4 , which has a similar population on both pc and xbone ( about 25-26k peak on a given day ) . 
  there is still a sizable community for bf3 and bc2 on pc , however . 
  as for a realism mode , there is a hardcore game-mode which reduces everyone 's health to 60 so it requires about 2-3 ~ less bullets to kill people , and also disables a few things like minimap and 3d spotting . 
  remember that on pc , everyone has better aim .
