  what would you even do with a nuke ? 
  nukes are weapons to use on a country-size scale , not squabbles where you shoot your neighbour for trespassing . 
  almsivi intervention is all you will truly need , but getting a spell or potions/scrolls to cure your ailments is a good idea if you do n't want to break your flow . 
  you wo n't need to worry about corprus , though , trust me . 
  the way he blows off the breton and nord powers annoys me . 
  50 shield for 60 seconds pretty much makes you impervious in the early game and scales pretty well in the late game , too , especially since the spell equivalent costs a whopping 150 magicka . 
  this is something that i as someone living in nz can only explain as corporate greed . 
  here i am in this remote island of 4.5 million and its only been in the past 5 years or so that we got data caps taken * off * . 
  you 're not supposed to add them back, 
  i am sure that guy was joking . 
  the op , though , i honestly ca n't tell, 
  downloaded the suran underworld mod and am going through the quests of that . 
  balance issues and ridiculous naming ( bloodfang tong ? 
  seriously ? ), 
  aside , i do like how it does attempt to integrate with the world a bit . 
  my character is a sort of magic thief , using short blades and crossbows for damage yet using a lot of magic to compliment it . 
  i prefer to go unarmoured , i prefer looking nice in opulent clothing rather than wearing armour . 
  i 'm going for that traditional vampire aristocrat archetype where they are so powerful , they barely have to put any effort into anything . 
  just a few in-game days ago , i decided to pay the redoran and hlaalu vaults in vivec a visit , robbing the place blind and slitting up all the guards . 
  i am accompanied at all times by my heavily armoured bodyguard . 
  i encountered her going through a run-of-the-mill bandit cave with the name lunia menanius ( the cave itself is near vivec somewhere ) , but decided to sire her to a vampire on a whim , mostly owing to the fact that she was n't a dunmer . 
  she now spends her days clad in ebony and daedric armour , cutting people down with ice blade of the monarch . 
  sometimes , when a weak foe decides to have a go at me , i 'll stand still while they swing ( and miss ) at me , and watch them be cut down . 
  i wonder if she prefers her new life as an immortal bodyguard to an obscenely wealthy and powerful vampire over her old life as a petty thief . 
  it must 've been you who wrote the scroll of fiercely roasting . 
  i actually went from 1gb a month ( 2008 or so ) to unlimited just last year . 
  progress has been pretty quick , all things considered . 
  this seriously bothers me . 
  as an anglophone , many of my friends online are american who will not pause for a single thought to say how refugees are ruining europe but will immediately deflect criticism about gun proliferation with `` you do n't live here , you do n't know what it 's like '' . 
  i am all for anti-corporate sentiments ( being a bit of a tree-hugger ) but it is a bit irritating when they only flare up when something like data caps is brought up . 
  yes , data caps are idiotic and the isp market in the us is hilariously anti-consumer , but that 's just a facet of the huge , awful web of companies actively screwing people over , companies like walmart and bank of america do much more harm to the general populace than comcast ever could . 
  i see what they 're going for but it really seems like such a stretch . 
  i know that there are stereotypes of muscle-bound metrosexuals with fake tans and big egos but this guy really does n't even look like one . 
  he has a defined face , a chin-strap , and a pointy hair-cut , and even those are n't very exaggerated . 
  seems stupid to just assume that he has a big ego just because he looks like he takes some care in his appearance, 
  would n't that make stuff like the black hand dagger ( or whatever it was called , the one eno hlaalu gives you ) be able to hit 2.5 k times ? 
  scary, 
  anyone seriously dumb enough to think brexit is `` britain breaking out of the chains of the tyrannical eu '' or any other equally romantic drivel is at best , naive and misinformed , and at worst , actively harming others with their ignorance . 
  the gbp has already tanked ( and is showing no signs of recovering , in fact it 's getting worse ) since the brexit vote , and the uk has n't even left the eu yet . 
  it really has n't got anything to do with the eu `` punishing '' the uk . 
  it has to do with how the uk actually interacts with the rest of the eu . 
  to put it simply , the uk makes a lot of money trading with the rest of the eu . 
  if they leave the eu , this wo n't change the fact that they still need to trade with the eu to make the money , if not , they 'll have to find another market . 
  russia does n't have the money ( nor the demand , most likely ) for uk products , and neither will china , most likely . 
  for the uk to continue to trade with the eu , they need to agree to the eu trade agreements , which means that they are still dependent on the eu 's laws for trading , but as they wo n't be in the eu anymore , they wo n't have any say in the eu 's laws . 
  also , there are both eu citizens in the uk and uk citizens living in the eu which will most likely face some citizenship ultimatums in the near future , and there 's also the issue of scotland being in favour of the eu and gibraltar literally needing the eu to stay afloat . 
  gibraltar will likely have no choice but to become spanish territory should the uk leave the eu and lose the associated privileges . 
  basically , things are going to stay exactly the same for the uk , they 'll just be in a worse bargaining position instead . 
  i really like how this quote seems to think the reason chinese people are skinny is because they 've grown weary of their food supply , rather than say , widespread poverty . 
  allow me to preface this post by saying that linking me articles from a conservative tabloid , notorious for its sensationalist articles [ ( that publishes articles like this ? 
  seriously , wtf ? 
  ) ] ( http://www.express.co.uk/news/weird/692031/does-hand-sign-made-by-merkel-may-and-now-juncker-prove-there-is-a-secret-eu-illuminati ) written by an author with a clear agenda is not going to win me over . 
  the title of this article alone is clickbait , i do n't even see anywhere in the article where poland is saying they 're going to `` destroy '' the eu , or even that the eu is going to `` punish '' the uk . 
  the author is making stuff up to tell you what you want to hear . 
  do yourself a favour and stop reading this shite . 
  and brussels is not going to get `` power-hungry '' about countries leaving or whatever . 
  like i said , uk leaving actually gives more power to the rest of the eu as the uk still has to abide by eu trading laws yet now no longer has any say in it . 
  this is n't an evil federation pouncing on a poor country that just wants to be strong and independent , this is the uk playing stupid games and winning stupid prizes , they wanted to become independent , and that means less bargaining power with the eu and less eu subsidies coming in . 
  this is n't `` deliberately and callously trying to economically sabotage '' the uk ( but you can continue justifying your opinion by playing the victim card if you want to ) , in fact the uk was told that this would happen if they left and they voted to leave anyway . 
  the uk can not be like norway , either . 
  norway is in both the efta and the eea ( and was beaten by a slim margin to join the eu anyway ) , and are a country with 5 million people and a * lot * of oil money . 
  uk does not have the luxury of being able to extract a huge amount of highly valuable resource to sustain itself as well as norway has done . 
  gibraltar will be forced to make some sort of compromise , as well . 
  gibraltar voted 95 % to remain , and that is because they literally stay afloat on eu free travel and subsidies . 
  should the uk lose those , gibraltar will be screwed and they 'll have to join spain , who is in the eu so they can get them back . 
  and your claim that `` the eu wants to leverage its trading for political over the uk and europe '' is * absolute * tripe . 
  do you really think one of the largest politico-economic unions in history was made so the nebulous `` brussels '' could gain power over the rest of the continent ? 
  so all the work on humanitarian aid , subsidies , and bail-outs for poorer countries ( such as romania , slovakia , greece , and of course , poland ) , as well as a general effort to standardise laws to streamline international trade and law processes , free travel , as well as efforts upon efforts to have a stable , valuable currency the entire eu can use rather than have weaker countries have to rely on the fickle thing that is exchange rates , all of that is just a big part of a plan and the bear trap is going to spring at any moment and its going to become completely dominated by the illuminati or something ? 
  ridiculous . 
  patently ridiculous . 
  `` haha !, 
  look at this youth expressing himself through fashion and/or mannerisms that i do not deem socially acceptable !, 
  everyone , point and laugh ! '', 
  there is no evidence that churchill actually said this . 
  as you 're not interested in linking me anything but tabloid articles ( i.e pushed for exact biases ) and telling me the european union is hitler inc. , i am going to link a few sources for my previous claims and then i 'm out . 
  gbp dropping down to 2008 recession levels with no sign of recovering : http://www.xe.com/currencycharts/?from=gbp&amp;to=eur&amp;view=1y, 
  result of brexit dropping stocks $ 2 trillion in one day : http://www.cnbc.com/2016/06/26/brexit-cost-investors-2-trillion-the-worst-one-day-drop-ever.html, 
  literally 823 people ( out of 20k ) on gibraltar voting to leave : http://www.bbc.com/news/blogs-trending-36612989, 
  13 % of uk 's gdp being exports to the eu , 3 % of eu 's gdp being exports to uk : http://www.ons.gov.uk/economy/nationalaccounts/balanceofpayments/compendium/unitedkingdombalanceofpaymentsthepinkbook/2015-10-30/unitedkingdombalanceofpaymentsthepinkbook in the chapter 9 tables . 
  if i were you , i 'd move to germany while my money was still worth something . 
  this sums up why the ball will basically be in their park if the uk leaves : https://infacts.org/uk-needs-eu-more-than-it-needs-us/, 
  no news is objective . 
  every writer has an agenda . 
  did vaati ( or someone less unbearable ) ever give any theories on what the hell that guy was on about ? 
  the kf2 devs actually animated everything in that game at a high fps because the game goes slow-mo a lot , and it means that even in slow-mo , it looks super smooth . 
  it 's alright . 
  balance is a bit wonky but no one can balance an fps these days, 
  have you tried [ following the links to the downloadable binaries ? ] ( https://downloads.openmw.org/osx/ ) . 
  i ca n't walk you through it if you 're not windows or linux , but what i would do is go here and download the latest one , 0.40.0 . dmg looks like a good bet . 
  ( just kidding , swedish is n't the hardest thing i 've ever done but ugh these prepositions and compound sentences ), 
  but the whole nato thing was the us ' idea . 
  here in nz , you get told that a paper is an internal ( marked by the school 's teachers ) or an external ( marked by ncea markers ) , with externals being the super important exams worth the most . 
  you are allowed to contest any grade you get , though . 
  it depends on the subject . 
  i remember some of the subjects i took on my last year of high school , like calculus and photography , were almost entirely externals . 
  this does n't really happen in overwatch , or really any fps with attractive playable characters . 
  remember when the shaco meta was to stack boxes at one buff and then kill the other buff by yourself so you were level 2 and had both buffs pretty much as soon as the game started ? 
  ah , the old ` if it does n't affect your damage numbers directly , it does n't affect your dps ' . 
  if this really was the case , the bulldog/famas would be the only assault rifles people used , and as you can tell , both are quite rare on conquest large maps . 
  people just do n't understand how much giving the assault and support bolt action rifles would upset the balance .
