but germany isnt backing these people , they are under criminal investigation in germany aswell . 
  germany simply isnt extraditing them to the us since extraditing german nationals to the us would be unconstitutional, 
   i pledge allegiance to ~ ~ juncker ~ ~ verhofstadt the great and the united states of europe . 
  this but unironically, 
  people survived for millenia before ac was invented in those areas , i 'm sure they 'll somehow adapt, 
   is also using its position to push their own narrative by labeling stuff as `` fake news '' based on * their own definition * , and definition of some * obscure * `` fact checking '' private organizations . 
  except they dont use their own definitions , they label it how the fact checkers label them , and snopes and politifact are two of the biggest and most credible fact checkers out there , so i dont know where you got the obscure part from, 
  because maybe its two completely different countries , in completely different circumstances , in completely different parts of the world , but no , it must be because the librul evil msm hates trump, 
  you might wan na add that our politics are so fractured that ` second biggest party ' means something like 13 % of the vote and that every party except one or two parties amounting to something like 5 % of the vote have clearly ruled out working with the pvv in a coalition . 
  their chances of ever getting into government is extremely tiny, 
  i mean the op of this comment chain is literally criticising the main opposition against erdogan for reasons completely unrelated to this march , so i cant see how you can claim only erdoganism is criticised, 
  completely different . 
  for arbitration both sides have to agree to it , in this case the guy made clear he wanted his will to be handled according to greek law and the courts decided it should fall under sharia instead, 
  erdogan is also democratically elected , doesnt mean his rule is democratic either, 
   they 've never not disclosed it . 
  * it always have been public record . 
  *   * this is about branding them the enemy in the eye of the plebs because of the frequent , cogent and legally sound criticism they make of the moves of the government . 
  * here , you seem to have missed a part of the comment, 
  because it shows how much we 've advanced as a society . 
  in ireland , being homosexual was a crime in living memory , mere decades ago . 
  to now not only accept gay marriage through referendum and not too long afterwards have a gay pm shows the strides that irish society has taken forward, 
  in the cold you can just keep adding layers , but when it gets hot , you can only take off so many layers, 
   comparisons using ppp are arguably more useful than nominal when assessing a nation 's domestic market because ppp takes into account the relative cost of local goods , services and inflation rates of the country , rather than using international market exchange rates which may distort the real differences in per capita income . 
  from the link . 
  on this subject ppp is better than nominal because we might have less total dollars , but if our government can buy more stuff with the same amount of dollars , then thats more important . 
  oh no , it 's retarded, 
  did a child write this ? 
  you call me a dinosaur , yet it was the young who overwhelmingly backed remain and you have to resort to a two decade old vote to prove that ireland is anti-eu , whereas all evidence from the last decade proves that currently ireland is overwhelmingly pro-eu . 
  besided i specifically mentioned the continent , where in the netherlands pro-eu parties made net gains in the parliamentary elections , in france a completely new europhile party swept the presidential elections and are set to gain a massive majority in the legislative ones , in germany merkel comfortably leads the country with her primary opposition being even stronger supporters of the eu . 
  and in all of these countries , its the young who overwhelmingly support the european project . 
  i 'd rather take my chances here with the visigoths and vandals over the us where crime by all statistics is much higher , thank you, 
  luckily , the vast majority of people on the continent , the people who actually matter , rather like the eu, 
  voter supression , gerrymandering etc. 
  besides , if you happen to be one of 90 % of americans who live in a non-swing state , then your vote doesnt matter at all , so why vote ? 
  nah , only six untill we get mattis , i can live with him as potus, 
  but this is still very different from any form of military invasion . 
  if turkey actually tried to take greek islands instead of bang some drums or putin actually tried to invade eastern europe , then the respons would be very different . 
  the refugee crisis was a complex and difficult issue , a military invasion by russia is a whole lot more clear cut . 
  but thats a matter of political will and resolve . 
  would the refugee crisis have gone any different if the us didnt have carrier groups in the mediterranean or troops stationed in germany ? 
  the refugee crisis is above all a political one , having more tanks or more soldiers wouldnt have made any difference to how it developed . 
  if anything its an example of why the military approach is not the correct approach . 
  thats why all nato members have units all over eastern europe . 
  if russia tomorrow invaded estonia , then it would be french , spanish , dutch etc. 
  soldiers that would die in estonia . 
  and when a couple hundred french soldiers get killed by the russian army in estonia , you just watch how quickly public opinion will flip on that issue . 
  the nato deployments in the east arent supposed to be a wall to stop russia , its a snare that will pull in all nato members the moment russia invades another nato member . 
  but china 's army is primarily defensive and not about projecting power like the us . 
  when they want something overseas , they dont send a carrier group , they apply soft power through economical and political channels to achieve their goals , and if we observe how successfull they 've been in africa against how successfull we have been in the middle east , then maybe we can start considering the merits of the carrot over the stick, 
  and russia cant use their nukes either because then the european powers would in fact retaliate in kind . 
  and they might be able to take the baltics , but they 'd find themselves at war with all of europe , and thats not a war they are going to win . 
  besides , the ukraine sanctions fucked over the russian economy hard , and those are nothing compared to what would happen if they invaded an actual nato and eu member . 
  the russian economy would disintegrate at an incredible rate if they ever dared do something like that . 
  the only real military threat to europe is russia , and their entire economy relies on exporting natural resources to europe and even if they could economically afford to somehow invade europe without collapsing internally , the combined forces of europe without the us are easily more than a match for the russian army . 
  the us might 've been crucial back during the days of the ussr , but these days russia is little more than a paper tiger with their nuclear arsenal the only reason they 're taken seriously , and they cant use those because mad, 
  how ? 
  if the us pulls out of europe , who 's gon na invade , russia ? 
  russia is a big paper tiger , their economy is the size of italy and their military is outdated . 
  the current combined forces in europe can easily hold out against any russian incursions . 
  the only reason russia is a threat is because they have nukes , and there are other nations with nuclear capabilities within nato so russia still cant use it nukes because mad, 
  is china toothless ? 
  they have a large army , but it has barely any way to project power and is very much focused defensively . 
  their real power is in their economical and political soft power , just look at africa , through smart investments and bribes china currently practically owns large chunks of africa and its resources and compare that to the results of the us 's hard handed approach to the middle east and then tell me which one works best, 
  there are some decent dutch dubs aswell , i watched the last airbender cartoon recently and i thought the dutch dubs did a good job capturing the feel of the original english . 
  but that might also be my memory making me think the dutch dubs being better than they actually were , has been years since i watched those, 
  there are a few anime where the english dubbing is better than the original japanese , the most notable example would imo be cowboy bebop where the japanese is decent , but the english dubbing is phenomal, 
  i mean i dont know if you saw the video , but he literally greeted orban with ` dictator ' , he doesnt call him that behind his back . 
  besides , you dont have to agree with someone to be on friendly terms . 
  there are even a couple videos of farage and juncker having a laugh together at the european parliament , being diplomatic and charismatic are two of the most basic skills a politician is expected to posess, 
  you can put it back . 
  literally can also be used figuratively . 
  its literally its own antonym , literally the worst thing ever, 
  but since the uk wont be in the single market for much longer they wont be able to use britain to evade taxes they owe back on the mainland and since all other eu countries follow eu regulations its not like they 'll get a better deal elsewhere , and thus they stay right where they are, 
  the eu forces apple to pay the taxes they owe anyways, 
   iskender not beyti dems fighting words, 
  doner is literally the turkish verb for ` spinning ' so it would make sense for it to refer to the meat on the skewer, 
  trump has given speeches from a teleprompter , they still werent very good, 
  thats a very uninformed argument though , that is part of every fta the us or eu sign . 
  its not simply `` eu signs law that lowers our profit , sue them '' its when one country signs a law that specifically targets companies from another country that it has an fta with . 
  after ceta the eu can still decide to tax profits from companies , they just cant tax profits by canadian companies specifically . 
  he could keep others from populism , but not himself . 
  ironic, 
  i think thats because the right doesnt offer as much alternative . 
  the vvd and cda are the only parties i 'd really call moderate on the right , maybe the cu aswell though they are more centre than right imo . 
  the fvd/pvv are too extreme , same goes for sgp . 
  d66 are way too progressive for most consrvatives , so you 're left with really on cda and vvd on the moderate right . 
  meanwhile the left has much more variety between gl/pvdd/d66 / sp/denk . 
  whatever subset of labour voters you belong to , one of those parties likely adresses your specific concerns better than the pvda, 
  in the netherlands labour got cut down to less than a quarter of its size aswell whereas the left as a whole didnt really shrink . 
  i think we 're seeing the traditional parties losing power all over the west . 
  `` lets only allow areas that vote the way we like to vote so that we can protect our democratic ideals '', 
  left side : parties right side : amount of seats the poll shows them getting, 
  shit , trump 's been playing the long con, 
  i dont see trudeau invading europe , and an army with trump as commander in chief couldnt even find its way here, 
  questioning the eu ? 
  the bill just got 10b higher, 
  its not like he was there for fun , it was as part of his job, 
  its treason then, 
  there is no innocence , only degrees of guilt, 
  well , thats what i get for parroting facts i read on reddit without checking them against my better judgement .
