why stop at europe ? 
  i imagine that he is talking about the numerous wars that hapsburg austria got into . 
  7 years war , war of spanish suc , napoleonic wars ect, 
  that is true . 
  incidental does anyone know what occurs if the council is unable to chose someone that the europarl will accept ? 
  although in this case it is the council that chooses the president so the person we elected ( stupidly ) who is responsible for choosing a president was cameron . 
  i was responding to lecides post that the us would have won anyway because they had the atom bomb i am not claiming that the uk would have been able to create one without the us . 
  my point is that without the uk the atom bomb might not even have been considered as an option and , if it had , it would have been massively delayed . 
  its worth remembering that the uk contributed considerably to creating the atom bomb . 
  both with british scientists and via things such as the [ tizard mission ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/tizard_mission ) and the [ frisch-peierls memorandum ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/frisch-peierls_memorandum ), 
  all countries are artificial units , a significant number created even more recently than 1922 . 
  on the one hand i really dislike ukip on the other hand hopefully this makes the idiots who attacked ukip ( physically ) when they campaigned up there very very sad . 
  frankly those planted there `` generations ago '' have as much a right to decide their own fate and government as anyone else they should not be punished for the sins of their great great grandfathers . 
  that extends just as much to the russian descendent populations of crimea as it does to the people of northern ireland . 
  firstly they have a seat in scotland secondly they got 16.7 % of the vote compared to the snp with 19.9 % ( and 6 seats ) . 
  fptp yay !, 
  i am in no way qualified to comment on how responsibility should be determined i was just responding to the `` there 's this weird attempt to drag scandinavia into `` colonial guilt '' at the moment '' comment, 
  do n't know about norway exactly but the entity denmark-norway seems to have had some . 
  http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/danish_colonial_empire http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/danish_west_india_company, 
  there is no clear cut answer . 
  one side will say this clearly makes the case for expansionary austerity and that market stability has boosted uk growth the other side will point to the numerous times growth was downgraded and the still high deficit . 
  its relatively big news here too . 
  good , i just hope they have the balls to put on the breaks post 7 % . 
  it was clearly meat but the lack of fat resulted in it not being juicy according to the interview i saw . 
  also it needed salt . 
  considering that the liberals advocate electoral reform and coalitions as the future of government i think it seriously weakens them if they show themselves completely unwilling to enter coalitions with one of the two major parties . 
  i think the argument that the conservatives would make would be that if they are not willing to work with the conservatives then they might as well just join labour and be done with it . 
  hmm im not so sure . 
  i worry that if the liberal democrats had failed to enter the coalition then they would have lost a lot of legitimacy as a party in themselves . 
  cons would have attacked them for only being willing to work with labour and then would have called a snap election as soon as they thought they could win . 
  exactly . 
  i felt that it was a real shame the the liberal democrat idea of targeting migration to certain areas while restricting it in certain areas via local work visas was shut down so hard during the debates . 
  i do n't think they had quite got it into a workable system but they at least seemed to have identified the problem and be on the right track towards a solution . 
  british cabinet papers get unsealed 30 years after the fact . 
  if these meetings were , as the article says , between 1982 and 1983 the one would expect them to be released ( not a leak ) around this time . 
  good , this is the stuff that helps the average person see the eu as a good thing , more plox . 
  i do n't really know . 
  i guess it depends on what the questions being asked are . 
  good , i always enjoy rigorous debate on the eu and making the case for us to stay in . 
  and southern england gets a bit of france for holiday homes , everyone wins !, 
  deducing that only the countries that have had their programs leaked engage in these tactics is probably over optimistic . 
  i would honestly be very surprised if france , israel russia and china at the very minimum have n't at least attempted similar programs . 
  in today 's news spy 's spy , more at 10 . 
  they wo n't be able to extract anywhere close to 100 % of it . 
  i vaguely remember being told that a figure near 10 % is more likely . 
  i guess for us it would be one of those stupidly english names like jacob rees-mogg, 
  i vaguely remember when this came up before the uk did particularly well on trans rights . 
  morally the uk royal family 's case is probably dubious . 
  in practical terms its pretty damn useful . 
  im thinking more about how the parliament elections are handled . 
  if pes picks person a but the constituent parties do n't focus on him in their election campaign then he lacks the legitimacy that most prime ministers have . 
  as long as that filters down to the trenches then that is serious progress in itself . 
  i do wonder if it will remain as a eu party commitment but not filter through to the national parties which are actually campaigning . 
  that only works if you know which prime minister each party will support beforehand . 
  party leader ( and potential prime ministers ) are on the front lines of elections and as often as not people vote for them rather than for the party . 
  if we adopted the euro because of its value then we would be monumentally stupid . 
  how can a currency out perform ? 
  only if they can match the impact of the monarch that they replace . 
  as we saw in canada not long ago , some powerless presidents are just ignored . 
  but they still have to be paid , have a big staff and big buildings in which to host occasions . 
  in fact you do run the danger of having all the drawbacks without any of the benefits . 
  eu members have been able to vote on matters that do n't directly concern them since its inception . 
  i think if the eurozone wants to be separate from the eu it needs to drop the requirement to join from eu . 
  oh indeed , they do a lot of tongue and cheek stuff , especially at the end of the show . 
  but if you look at the recommended videos you 'll see a lot of good interviews and serious stuff . 
  its worth pointing out that the daily politics is actually a pretty good show that generally provides pretty informative stuff and high quality debate . 
  but this is a pretty stupid error . 
  i think the uk would have an equally good record on human rights if they left the echr . 
  my only concern about the uk leaving is that it might set a worrying precedent for other countries which have worse records . 
  on balance the second factor is just about keeping me supporting of the echr but only just . 
  if the echr overturned the ban i would probably shift to being in favor of us leaving the echr . 
  i think it makes a lot of sense for certain courses to be run in english . 
  subjects like sciences and business where being able to communicate with the international community is very important could really benefit from being done in english . 
  that said it must be a really hard thing to accept as a nation . 
  especially considering how french was the language of nobility and government for so long . 
  selecting it and running it though google gets a ton of sites were its been used , not sure where it originated though . 
  i think the celebrating was almost necessary as a counter point to the mourning and tributes . 
  if there had not been celebrating then the impression of thatcher we would have been sending out would have been almost universally positive and a misrepresentation of how the country as a whole really felt . 
  that said i doubt as much thought as that went on in most peoples minds . 
  yes america , please bomb russia , i can not see how that could possibly end up bad for us . 
  i pretty much agree with the points made . 
  we need to rebalance the euro economy and help the south become competitive with the north . 
  this can be done in two ways , deflate the south or inflate the north . 
  we have tried the former , and its had limited success , now its time to try the latter . 
  by dodging the whole issue of how to pay for it this becomes effectively a petition asking for free monies . 
  implying that the `` dreamers '' or ideologues have been excluded is complete self delusion . 
  as much as i love to see cameron humiliated stuff like this is really unproductive . 
  it strengthens the eurosceptics and makes the job of those of us who want the uk to stay in the eu more difficult . 
  is it necessarily desirably to have a strong euro ? 
  a weak euro could help boost exports a get some of the weaker economies out of their slump . 
  whatever the outcome of this the budget process of the eu has to be reformed . 
  low balling figures and then shifting the expenses onto the next budget is going to inevitably result in these problems . 
  it pisses off tax payers , gives euro sceptics free ammunition and makes the whole process look like a bit of a farce . 
  so net external debt is the international investment position but without `` equity , financial derivatives and sdrs '' , why is that a particularly important measure ? 
  im not so keen on that but i understand why some people are . 
  fine , better yet , do n't make the stupid rules in the first place . 
  it does , although it focuses on tax cuts rather than tax increases . 
  both of your examples are very interesting . 
  the first one relates to my second point . 
  there senior management is moving outside france .
