  the eu is in europe , so kinda nice it 's represented in the banner . 
  but also , it 's the more recognizable pan-european symbol , although not 100 % accurate . 
  you 're `` genuinely curious '' but you 're also very condescending to op who is asking rather genuine questions himself . 
  also , there ** is ** a ue citizenship . 
  if you are citizen of a member state , you are also a ue citizen ( [ see this french/ue passport ] ( https://citoyen.chalonsenchampagne.fr/images/teleservice/affichage/55d333711ed51.jpg ) ) . 
  granted it 's not the equivalent of the citizenship of a sovereign state , but it comes with :  the only thing that connects the countries within the eu is that you can travel and live wherever you want if you are a citizen of one of the countries that is a member of the eu . 
  and i add , voting in local and european elections . 
  and that is already a lot !, 
  to us it 's seems like no big deal because we 're used to it , but it 's a crazy thing to think that i can cross a border between to countries with nothing more than a sign telling me `` welcome , you are now in germany '' . 
  and that i need almost zero paperwork to move in another country . 
  i just need to pack my stuff , rent a flat in germany and find a new job and that 's it , i 'm almost german . 
  from an american point a vew , that also mean that if you want to emigrate to the eu , getting the citizenship of any eu country ( that is getting eu citizenship ) is what matters . 
  like if you want to emigrate to the us you wo n't focus that much on which state you need to get the citizenship specifically . 
  so for me it 's not stupid that they get confused with te concept of eu citizenship when you consider that : 1 . 
  it exists 2 . 
  although it 's not the equivalent of a sovereign state 's citizenship , it has many in common , especially viewed from aboard . 
  but i 'd restrict the area to his room ( he specified `` place '' , not `` country ), 
  do n't worry , i remember the thing , the guy was a dick . 
  we can argue over the europeanness of turkey , but whatever comes from the debate , it 's interesting to have contributions from diverse people and your input is appreciated . 
  nope , as others have stated , it 's the perfect tool to manipulate the regime into a dictatorship . 
  however i 'm largely in favors of : - representative democracy , and absolutely against direct democracy ( referendums are the evil ) . 
  - smart voting systems , that allow better expression of your support for the different candidates , and that would promote consensual winners . 
  i 'm thinking [ ranked voting systems ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ranked_voting_system ) or [ cardinal voting systems ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/cardinal_voting_systems ), 
  to be honest , french is a romance language not a germanic one . 
  however if i remember correctly , the 3rd republic propaganda emphasized on the gaulic heritage not the roman one . 
  it has to do with the ideological battle between republicans and monarchists . 
  european nobility used to link themselves to the roman empire , thus republicans of the 19e century depicted the gauls being our ancestors and the romans the invaders . 
  althought it is all debunked nowadays , you 'll still find recollections of that in the collective memory ( en partie thanks to ast\u00e9rix ) . 
  for example , the battle of al\u00e9sia ( julius caesar defeats gaul leader vercingetorix ) is instinctively remembered as a defeat , not a victory . 
  i have no doubt it 's in no way american . 
  i think the name just come from the fact that we associate america with fat unhealthy food , and that is the fat unhealthy sandwich by definition . 
  not hated , but mocked because of its weirdness , the quebec accent . 
  lol !, 
  kinda remind me of what we call [ american sandwich ] ( http://www.foodreporter.fr/upload/original/1/v/i/p/l/57348.jpg ) here . 
  yes that is french fries in a bread . 
  what is styria bunka ? 
  oh i 've never seen spinach on a pizza , that 's interesting !, 
  whole pieces of steak , or grounded ? 
  lyon-alps area . 
  i like that it 's more musical , with two syllables for each item . 
  although chifoumi is more prevalent . 
  i say papier-caillou-ciseaux ( which makes peper-rock-scissors ), 
  for france . 
  the meats : ham , merguez , chorizo , grounded beef , salmon , anchovies , kebab , egg . 
  the veggies : champignons , pepperoni , artichokes . 
  and of cours the cheeses : emmental , mozzarella , goat cheese , bleu cheese , raclette cheese . 
  also pizzerias are often inventive , and make toppings specific to the region : for example you 'll find tartiflette pizzas in the alps ( potatoes , reblochon , lardons ) , pizza with morteau 's sausage in the east ( just examples ) , pizza with saint-nectaire cheese in auvergne ... 
  yes in france . 
  [ on this map ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/8/87/parcs_naturels_fran%c3%a7ais.svg ) you have in red the national parks , in green the regional parks , and in blue the marine parks . 
  a little bit more info on this [ wikipedia page ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_national_parks_of_france ) . 
  and how today it has gotten back as the biggest european army on par with the uk, 
  my mom has a skoda fabia , i love it !, 
  oh yes sorry , i assumed catholic but you 're right, 
  that 's a good question !, 
  myself i 'm not really sure , but the reform was submitted to a referendum , and at the time we just had two consecutive terms of fran\u00e7ois mitterand . 
  so maybe people found that 14 years is damn long with only one president !, 
  so upside is when you have a `` bad '' ( it 's subjective of course ) president , you have less time to wait before he can be replaced . 
  however i feel that 5 years is short , like the first year the guy just got into office and last year they are already all about the next election . 
  that leaves only 3 years of efficient ruling . 
   i know priest who allow marriage to atheist and priests who even do n't allow marriage to divorced christians . 
  the second point makes sense . 
  there is no divorce in the eyes of the church , so you ca n't marry someone who is already married . 
  i do n't know the exact stence of the church on marriage of non baptized , but it 's likely to be less an issue than remarriage of someone who 's already married . 
  yes , also all the others now eliminated contenders said they support fillon . 
  but , hey , fillon was said to be an underdog and he came out 15 points ahead of the others , so we 'll see . 
  also it 's possible that people of the left will go vote for jupp\u00e9 ( given the high probability that the winner of this primary will be the next president , they could mobilize ) . 
  idk , because if you transfered your vote from jupp\u00e9 to fillon , then you risked to have fillon vs. sarkozy . 
  what i think really happened , is that jupp\u00e9 and fillon both represent a distinct line of the right : jupp\u00e9 being more center-right , affiliated with gaullism tradition , and fillon more of a hardline right . 
  sarkozy and fillon are on the same line , but a majority of people are tired of sarkozy and his shadyness , so partisans of that hardline position preferred the fillon which is way cleaner . 
  i think fillon drawed from the sarkozy voters pool , not from the juppe voters . 
  honestly , i think below a threshold of pain my first reflex is to swear . 
  yes , that 's something i wish we reform in france . 
  this system cause people to not understand anything of the political system apart they have to elect a president . 
  people do n't vote for the legislative election , let alone the european legislatives ... 
  my hope is that he has more of an idiot who does n't know what is doing , rather than an evil mastermind . 
  also , representative democracy . 
  if something is done against trump by the congress , which is also an elected corp , that 's not a deny of democracy . 
  that 's what balance of power is for . 
  putain !, 
  all in all it 's just a matter of terminology . 
  well each time it happened because of a major crisis that got rid of the previous regime . 
  each republic was reinstated after a state of non republic ( monarchy , empire , puppet state ) . 
  the exception being the fifth , which replaced the fourth , but you can say it was restarted from scratch rather than amended . 
  such a real country , that we always struggle to find how to name it . 
  yes there absolutely are . 
  but psychologically they are not treated the same because these population are issued from `` voluntary '' immigration . 
  of course , it is linked to our colonial past and it 's no coincidence that france has many algerians and west africans immigrants , while england has many indians and pakistanis . 
  however in the collective mind , these people came to our country , they are n't native we invaded , they are n't descended from slaves we brought against their will . 
  i think the difference is that it did n't happen on our soil . 
  the french did horrible stuff in their colonies , but today we do n't have colonies anymore , so both things are relegated as things of the past that we have moved on . 
  maybe if algeria stayed french and there was today big social inequalities between white frenchmen and algerian frenchmen ( despite both being equal on paper ) , we would be in a situation more similar than the one in the us . 
  [ we also have the same aunt !, 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6wbzmazbu5a ), 
  is a project of reunification with ni in the event of a brexit a topic ? 
  is it ? 
  i love ipas though, 
  you 're good at making kebabs with pork, 
  i 'll speak for france . 
  what you 're describing would be easier to do with the train . 
  there are trains that connects all major cities with many stops that people use for commute or regional travel .
