  for the region around paris , the network is the [ transilien ] ( https://www.transilien.com/en ) ( + the 4 rer lines that go through paris ) . 
  for the rest of france there is the ter network , each region operates its own , so you have to fetch informations on the website of each regional ter network . 
  for example , the site for [ rhone-alpes region ] ( http://www.ter.sncf.com/rhone-alpes ) , and [ map of the network ] ( http://cdn.ter.sncf.com/medias/pdf/rhone_alpes/carte%20du%20r%c3%a9seau%20rh%c3%b4ne-alpes-2015_tcm70-68374_tcm70-21923.pdf ) . 
  since the rail network is very developped , there is no system of public buses between major cities . 
  public buses will only go to the country side around cities . 
  there are many private bus companies that operate lines all across europe , but i do n't understand what you mean by `` public '' buses ? 
  for me a public bus would be one operated by a municipality/region as part of their public transportation grid . 
  my favorite of all anthems is the one of the former gdr ( east germany ) : [ auferstanden aus ruinen ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=p1cypjqqtam ) . 
  it does n't feel outdated like many anthems , as well for the music and the lyrics . 
  also the lyrics are much more meaningful for me , modern germany is literally built on ruins of nazi germany , for the better . 
  15 $ , when i go to the atm i usually withdraw between 20 $ and 50 $ . 
  but i use cash mostly for drinks at the bar , and to buy my baguettes and croissants . 
  the rest i pay by card . 
  but at least , they are professional politicians , not like trump ( yes i 'm seeking comfort where i can ) . 
  serbia : do you still hate croatians , bosnians , muslims ? 
  i think both cases outline the shortcomings of direct democracy , when a huge major geopolitical decision is made on something as small as a few points in percentage difference in popular vote . 
  popular vote which is appealed on feelings , empty statements `` make america great again '' - like , when this type of decision should require the analysis of economical , geopolitical experts , that are capable to fully understand the why and wherefores of proposed policies . 
  i 'm not saying that only one policy is possible . 
  i prefer representative democracy , which still allows for popular vote to influence policies to be more right or left leaning . 
  but for christ sake , leave the decisions that have the potential to fuck up a country or a continent to people whose job it is . 
  irv-type vote is such a superior system , i do n't understand why nobody never speak of it . 
  how could we promote this thing ? 
  your thinking of politics in term of ethnicity is really disturbing . 
  maybe you can do it in the us , but when speaking to a european audience , this is really inappropriate ... 
   or does the centre-right hate the national front more than they hate the left ? 
  to me that 's the most worrying in the moment . 
  in the past : yes , traditionnal parties always sticked together against the far right . 
  during the last presidency however , some figures of the right ( being in the opposition ) have made ambiguous statements about it . 
  disclaimer : i 'm a leftist , answer has necessarily some bias . 
  well , one week ago i would have said none . 
  but i swear that after trump 's election i wo n't consider an electoral result to be impossible . 
  that being said i think her chances are still very low . 
  i think it is safer because of our electoral system based on two rounds . 
  first round you vote for one of the candidates among many ( usually there is a dozen of ) . 
  second round ( two weeks later ) , you only keep the two best , and you can vote for only these two . 
  most of the time , at the end of the day we end up with a bipartism system like yours , when it 's always the two main parties that get their candidates to the second round . 
  however , it helps to mobilize people against the extremist one , like it did in 2002 : against all expectations , le pen took the place of the mainstream candidate of the left , and was on the second round against the candidate of the right , he was then beaten 82 % vs 18 % . 
  imagine you had this scenario in the us , first round qualifies clinton and trump with trump slightly ahead , against all expectations . 
  i hope for a second round , democrats and moderate people would have mobilized en masse to vote clinton . 
  also , the main right party is holding its primary right now ( using the same two rounds voting system ) , first round is this weekend , and second round on the 27th of november . 
  when we will know who will be their candidate for presidency , it will be easier to guess what can happen . 
  the outgoing president , hollande , is from the left party and highly unpopular . 
  historically , outgoing president run again for their party no questions asked , however this time he 's so unpopular the situation is unclear ... nobody wants him to run , but he has n't declared anything on the subject and the prime minister is in the starting blocks to take his place . 
  but both are controversial among the left electorate because they are reaaaaaally on the right of the left ( are you still following me ? ) . 
  anyway , i think ( but i can be wrong ) the left is too weak to hope winning the first round . 
  so likely scenario will be le pen vs. candidate of the right . 
  in this scenario i really do n't see how le pen can win . 
  people from the left will not hesitate to vote for the candidate of the right to avoid le pen ( although it has decreased in the last years , there is still this notion of `` union r\u00e9publicaine '' when traditionnal right and left unite in order to block the extrem right ) . 
  yes , i 'm a newcomer to this sub ( circa 3 weeks ago ) . 
  i was wondering if it was a normal thing , or if it coincides with trump 's election ... 
  so , i 'm not italian and know nothing about the issue , although this tread sparked my interest . 
  would you care to explain your point of view ? 
  / u/ajl1239 has given a reasonable argumentation on his stance , while you added nothing substantial to the conversation . 
  today , none . 
  when i was a kid ( in the 2000s ' ) there was an old guy in my orchestra who did the war in algeria . 
  i get your point , but the eu is more than a alliance of sovereign countries . 
  it has common legislative institutions and in certain domains they supersede the country 's authority . 
  i 've struggled to find a satisfying french equivalent but finally gave up , i now use the english word in conversations . 
  by the way , it 's awkward to pronounce . 
  i know it will mostly depends on the grants your country provides for you , but my erasmus semester was the cheapiest of all . 
  granted i was in berlin , which is cheap , but i could live on my grant alone . 
  well , after your election i 've swear that i wo n't use the `` it will never happen '' rhetoric anymore ... however !, 
  there are far less frenchmen on this website than americans . 
  also , people appealed by the far-right are mostly people with lower education level . 
  how many american the_donalder , 4chaner do you think would do the effort to actively participate in foreign language internet forums ? 
  all in all , i do n't really believe an english speaking internet community will have much effect . 
  but i 'm seriously concerned that trump 's election will have a real impact of the popularity of the front national in france , but through other means . 
  my biggest hope is that we have a two rounds vote system . 
  first round you vote for one of the candidates among many ( usually there is a dozen of ) . 
  second round ( two weeks later ) , you only keep the two best , and you can vote for only these two . 
  most of the time , at the end of the day we end up with a bipartism system like yours , when it 's always the two main parties that get their candidates to the second round . 
  however , it helps to mobilize people against the extremist one , like it did in 2002 : against all expectations , le pen took the place of the mainstream candidate of the left , and was on the second round against the candidate of the right , he was then beaten 82 % vs 18 % . 
  imagine you had this scenario in the us , first round qualifies clinton and trump with trump slightly ahead , against all expectations . 
  i hope for a second round , democrats and moderate people would have mobilized en masse to vote clinton . 
  i think that in comparison with other countries , paying by cheque is really a thing in france . 
  although it 's not the majority , it is not unusual to see people paying for their groceries with a cheque ( and it 's a pain in the ass when your in line after them , because of how long it takes to write it ! ), 
  ha , i just checked and the a35 is free , so the toll price wo n't affect the choice in your scenario . 
  from my experience i 've witnessed that french freeways are better quality roads than the germans . 
  but all in all if the price is the same i 'd go for the shortest option , ( taking traffic jam into account on the day i travel ) . 
  but at least we have the most progressive far right , # 1 is a woman and # 2 is gay . 
  [ chartreuse ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/chartreuse_ ( liqueur \\ ) ) , [ the only liqueur so good they named a color after it !, 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=otw5lvr7afm ), 
  i admit , mines wo n't look as good as on the picture . 
   i also disagree about the balkans : putin will go berserk if someone wants to `` steal '' his favorite serbia , not to mention the problems macedonia could bring . 
  i ca n't speak for other countries , but i know that at least in serbia people are not fond of the eu anyway . 
  it 's better not to have a country in the eu that does n't embrace it fully ( see uk ... ), 
  jazz music is the passion of my life , so i give you that . 
  honestly that 's the one reason i will probably go once in my life to the usa , in order to do my jazz pilgrimage . 
  also , everything the black american culture has brought , it starts with blues and jazz but today there would be no rock , no pop , no rap without them . 
  each year on the 11th of november there are official commemorations . 
  in each town , the mayor and other officials will gather at the war memorial ( you find those in each town or village , with the list of people of the city dead at war ) for a ceremony . 
  i had to attend many of those when i was younger because i played in the town orchestra . 
  the spirit of the speeches given on those ceremonies can vary a bit . 
  the official stance , and what is often said on the national scale ceremonies , it 's remembrance of a big european tragedy , how to avoid that again and work for the friendship between nations ( since ww2 it 's a huge french policy to work to make germany our best ally ) . 
  however i 've also witnessed on small towns that they sometimes tend to have a more patriotic stance , which i find unappropriated . 
  like a little to much braggy on how we won the war and we should remember the sacrifice of the soldiers for the glory of motherland . 
  i guess for a long time this had to do with the presence of veterans , but hopefully it will fade away . 
  on two levels : - easier to play among the popular classes , you do n't need access to an equiped stadium , fancy ball , etc. 
  and when you look at the social background of the professional teams of football vs. rugby , you see that on average footballers come from lower social classes . 
  - easier to watch casually on tv if you do n't know anything about sport .
