  taxation is changing almost everytime there will be new payment from the imf . 
  emergency alterations made to meet targets . 
  the market is very nervous because literally noone knows what will happen next . 
  if there is a a new reality with smaller wealth to ordinary people then people can adjust accordingly . 
  but how does one adjust when they literally do not know what happens next ? 
  what their income will be next year or how are they going to be taxed ? 
  and that is as far as the people go . 
  as far as businesses are concerned they are not willing to invest in a country that there is no stability . 
  even those that are already operating are moving their headquarters on neighboring countries where they will be taxed better . 
  that is all fine where there can be a point to compare to like medical information . 
  i still do not understand how this can recognize the validity of news articles . 
  there has to be a whitelist of news organizations that are considered trustworthy . 
  i suspect that this list will includes the likes of cnn and huffington post which makes me dismiss the whole project . 
  what i am saying is that there is no solution where an organization can conduct their own independent investigations on all news . 
  they have to rely on ` good outlets ' to compare against . 
  the problem is that was is considered reliable is rejected by a significant portion of people . 
  maybe i should have clarified that i do not mean hostile in a military sense but countries that have a financial interest in eu not succeeding . 
  i have grown tired of reading that it was the uneducated people voting that lead to the result . 
  what does us election , brexit , turkey referendum have in common ? 
  `` the uneducated/dumb people made it happen '' . 
  just search around and there will be tons of articles claiming that . 
  i am really tired of all those reddit intellectuals that can openly call ` dumb people ' those with differing opinions and get a pass because of the bias of this sub . 
  just call ` dumb ' the people that voted ` no ' and see how long it lasts until the message is deleted and you are probably banned too . 
  i agree with you , there are budget cuts far above acceptable levels . 
  i work in automotive sector and i see very often ambulances and police cars immobilized because of lack of funds for repairs and spare parts . 
  believe it or not many of them are still mobile due to private donations and free service/repairs from local garages . 
  the other day police officers paid from their own pockets to repair a damage and keep their car mobile . 
  i am not saying that there are no paid repairs at all but the budget is seriously lacking . 
  from what you posted my favorite is cnn : ` analysis gives him 1 % ' ( and that is just for nomination ) if that is not fake news then i do not know what is ... 
  so first we had russia being anti-eu . 
  then britain was added and usa followed . 
  after that turkey joined the party . 
  it seems that we are surrounded from nations that do not want the eu to succeed . 
  also we have a lot of eu people joining the euro-sceptisism movement . 
  and dont forget at the south we have african countries that do not like western values but are willing to immigrate here for the $ $ . 
  at what point do we start worrying ? 
  ( also start doing some self-reflection about what we can change for the better . 
  because at the moment we just like to blame foreign propaganda and degrade people with differing opinions as uneducated victims of populism . 
  also we had the best possible reaction to the situation - pulse of europe rallies . 
  that was a nice cringefest while it lasted ), 
  if american elections taught me something then it is that if le pen does not win it will be because french people are too sexist to handle a powerful woman in charge !, 
  putin also called to congratulate . 
  ok , here is my simple thinking . 
  why there are so many articles about natives doing too little for immigrants ? 
  and then blaming everything on them . 
  what about an article that talks about the attitude/responsibility/integration etc of people deciding to immigrate to in another country . 
  if i ever decide to immigrate to another country i will make sure that i will respect their culture and do my best to contribute to their society while of course preserving my identity . 
  i will do my part of not isolating my part in a ghetto before accusing them that they pushed me into one . 
  it is unreasonable to choose a country to immigrate and then expect the country to change in order to suit me better . 
  i would expect to have equal rights and chances to get through life decently . 
  but the main burden of integration falls on my side and not the other way around . 
  i think it like throwing a party and then some guests come and feel neglected because they do not like the music you play and the food you prepared because they are used to something else . 
  well , since i live in the country in question allow me to have a first-hand experience of what is going on . 
  so , yes , i insist that it is exaggerated . 
  and believe it or not , the biggest reason for this upset is because many people are ideologically against right-wing parties . 
  i had no idea there was so much hate because until now only left-parties were in the parliament . 
  now that a right-wing party entered the parliament some people are acting like it is the end of the world . 
  there is so much fanatism from both sides and i was not even aware until gd showed up and i saw all these hysteric reactions . 
  for me the biggest possible problem is the fighting between the two opposite extremes . 
  it is happening on a small scale now but it is going to get bigger i fear !, 
  i think the whole gd thing is overly exaggerated because the media think that drama sells better . 
  i mean what ? 
  it 's not like they are going to win the next elections . 
  ( whenever they take place ) i have never ever seen in my life so much drama for a 7 % party . 
  even if they somehow one day win the elections it is going to be the greek people 's choice , so there will not be anything to complain about . 
  it is ironic that people that want to defend democracy are protesting about a political party that got 7 % through elections . 
  it 's not like they entered the parliament by force !, 
  it would be much healthier if everyone complained to the current government that does absolutely nothing about the problems that allowed gd to rise and sustain their voters . 
  if there is nothing done about the problems gd will always be there to fill the gap in some people 's minds . 
  they will not go away by compaining , they will not go away if a new post is made here everyday . 
  they will only go away if the problems that they claim they will solve go away . 
  then there will have no purpose and will slide back to 0,29 % . 
  until then , just complaining and describing how ` bad ' they are will do nothing except waste everyone 's time . 
  and i am writing this because i am tired of reading gd related articles everywhere when the really important stuff are taking the back seat . 
  sometimes i just think that it is a divertion to keep peoples attention away from what is really happening . 
  i drive an audi a3 sportsback 2006 and the wife a vw golf 2010 . 
  after doing a little research on the matter in greek media i found only small articles as there is n't much publicity about this . 
  according to these articles they had extensive footage of various military installations on the island . 
  one of the articles states that there was even footage taken using night-vision lens . 
  i really can not understand why they did not ask for permission so they can legally obtain all the material they need . 
  it is not like the first time a man arrested is freed with intervention of a politician , so i do not know why the big surprise there . 
  but , anyway , we can discuss this in another thread . 
  do we have to go off-topic everytime there is talk about gd ? 
  the subject here is about if a question is valid or not . 
  apparently i am still geting downvoted , even if i provide arguments in all my comments and try to be constructive contrary to reddit etiquette because people do not like gd . 
  do not try so desperately to turn this into racism to win an argument . 
  the selection process is in question . 
  apparently they are trying to gather evidence that immigrants are considered a special group and are pushed ahead in expense of greek citizens . 
  so , whay so much fuss ? 
  let the question be answered and if as you say there is nothing there it will backfire on them and will land flat on their faces . 
  if there is nothing wrong in this matter , there is no reason to have such reactions . 
  the question will be answered like hundreds of other from all parties and we will be here to discuss the outcome !, 
  no you do not do a survey . 
  it is perfectly normal to have updated data on these matters . 
  and what papertrail ? 
  the matter in question here is not about immigrants but about a flawed selection proccess that favors non-greek citizens . 
  many feel , that it is unfair when you have such limited capacity to exclude tax-paying greek citizens over illegal immigrants . 
  because the minister admitted that there is a number of people with no papers with access to public kindergartens . 
  how is this fair to tax-paying citizens that need that place because they can not afford a private one ? 
  i am all about helping .
