  the truth is that most people just have a problem with uncontrolled illegal immigration , especially from nations that contain a significant portion of people that will never adapt , be a real part of the host nation 's society and cause problems because of their beliefs and intolerance . 
  i think that there is no need for discussion for protecting people in need . 
  it should be done without expecting any benefit . 
  however the problem here is different . 
  what to you do when the ` needy ' ( a good portion of them lying about their situation ) become so many that it actually causes problem to your own people ? 
  i am not sure that adblock does the trick . 
  there are several extensions to prevent tracking from google , twitter , facebook . 
  i personally use ` disconnect ' for firefox . 
  do n't take it personally , it is just your turn to get some heat . 
  everybody gets a turn !, 
  [ just in case you are wondering where they went ] ( http://eu.greekreporter.com/2016/06/24/russian-tourism-to-greece-rose-523-in-march/ ), 
  so far , a company could choose the uk as a base for their european operations and of course this can not happen anymore as they are not part of the eu anymore . 
  that does not mean that companies would ignore the country completely . 
  the uk market is too big to ignore . 
  so yes , no more european hqs but other than that , business as usual . 
  completely free is not as attractive as regulated of course . 
  europeans that want to do business in the uk will have to face the save regulations as non-european ones that are operating in the country . 
  that does not mean that they will go away because of that . 
  it will probably not make a difference for doctors ( since that is the post about ) as visa will be a typical requirement and it will be easy to obtain . 
  i can not imagine someone that has made a life in the uk wanting to leave because of working visa . 
  i do not get the meaning of this . 
  why people think that brexit means all these people get deported ? 
  it only means that people would need a working visa from now on . 
  essentially uk now has control of who works there by granting or rejecting visas . 
  it is really funny actually . 
  people are acting like uk is going to disappear from the map completely and leave alone on a distant planet consuming only their own products and never talking to anyone again . 
  not really , i canceled my subscription after a few months . 
  netflix is not great in every country . 
  #moar germoneyz !, 
  gib more moneyz !, 
  before i start i would like to say that this is my opinion bases on personal interactions . 
  the first thing is that we like easy living . 
  having children takes a lot from the parents . 
  they suddenly have less of everything . 
  less time , less sleep , less disposable income , less room in the house , less personal space etc. 
  a lot of people have been accustomed to a pretty high standard of living and are not willing to sacrifice it . 
  there are very few people that are in a position to have children without compromising much in their life . 
  really big house , nanny etc ) the other thing is that we may be ` rich ' compared to many non-eu countries but not rich enough to support the same lifestyle to an expanded family . 
  many people want to make sure that they can provide the same level of life to their children but see that it is almost impossible and finally opt for just one child . 
  it is not only the hostility and the bias against certain events but the hostility against different opinions . 
  the fact that this sub just goes around insulting people that are skeptical of the eu by labeling as low-education , racist victims of populism just shows a lot . 
  there is never a mood for self-reflection , it is always people with different opinion at fault . 
  guess what ? 
  the reason that this sub participation is that low is because of that . 
  because it is just a different version of / r/the _ donald . 
  also too close to french elections and making a big deal out of it would boost le pen 's numbers . 
  i was wondering as well how many european monuments will light up with the russian flag colors ... 
  so people avoiding france as a tourist destination lately is not justified ? 
  it 's not eating but cooking with strong smelly spices on a daily basis . 
  this is beyond normal wear and tear that happens when people from certain cuisines live in the house . 
  i know this very well from my student years . 
  it was a problem when i was a student in the uk . 
  i completely agree , terrorism totally not a problem in europe . 
  there are several photos of the two leaders shaking hands but do n't expect much from a sub that almost surpasses / r/politics in bias ... 
  patras carnival is spectacular , i just wish they did n't have so much ` political satire ' . 
  people participating want to get away from from it . 
  no , trump , merkerls and sch\u00e4uble ( or whoever is in the spotlight ) parading around each year . 
  getting into the same neighborhoods does not necessarily have to be a bad thing . 
  just look at asian migrants . 
  they usually stick together , create a small ` chinatown ' and rarely cause problems . 
  i mean a chinatown is an asset to the city as it attracts people while ghettos are areas that people avoid due to high crime rate . 
  he was actually referencing a report on sweden 's immigration that aired the night before the speech . 
  ( fox news i believe ), 
  whatever happens during pre-election period it is not to change the vote of those who have already decided . 
  it will take a lot of money and the results will be bad . 
  all the effort is about the undecided voters . 
  so , you are correct that this will have small to zero impact on fn voters but big impact on undecided voters or those considering the possibility of going fn . 
  so , he said that in 2014 and he is charged in 2017 . 
  nice timing with no intention to influence elections whatsoever . 
  from what is leaked from various developers over the recent years about a month prior to seasonal sales they receive an e-mail informing them about the sale , asking them about the percentage of discount they want on their games ( if they are willing to participate ) . 
  the only time valve gets to pick ( not set the price , pick featured games on sale ) is during the normal periods ( weekend deals , midweek madness etc ) . 
  that is because the number of publishers that want to go on-sale is very high and they do not want to have them all running at the same time . 
  i was under the impression that the publisher set the price and steam gets their agreed percentage . 
  i believe it is different than traditional stores . 
  a physical shop negotiates a price for the quantity of copies they want to buy and then they are free to set their own price . 
  however , on steam , publishers have their own interface were their can manage stuff like the price . 
  from what i read so far , valve does not even have a say on prices . 
  so , when the right wing talks about stopping immigration they are racist but when others do it they are fighting the good fight to prevent the rise of populism ? 
  yeah , keep wondering why those parties are growing stronger !, 
  however , to be fair , i have to say that if they go through with it ( slim chance ) it will be a win win situation as we can have right wing policies on such matters without electing right wing parties ( because of their negatives in other areas ), 
  honest question , please someone explain it to me . 
  why do i see so many feminists being pro-refugee when they know as a fact that the vast majority of those people do not believe in equality . 
  why they almost never critisize them and are even protective of their culture even if it is ` problematic ' ( they like this word so much ), 
  your enemies are evil so you are adding holy damage to your weapons . 
  brilliant !, 
  why pro-eu people are so obsessed with reddit ? 
  as if there were an organised propaganda . 
  see ? 
  it works both ways !, 
  inb4 everything pro-eu is organic reaction of educated people while those that disagree are paid peasant shills spreading propaganda . 
  last time i heard wikipedia and turkey on the same sentence was a few weeks ago when they changed erdogan 's title to dictator . 
  a thing that was of course celebrated around here since we are all so objective on this sub and have no bias at all . 
  so no , i would n't call wikipedia non-biased and distant from politics . 
  it may be a great tool in other subjects but politics in not one of them . 
  so , i am supposed to believe that everything pro-europe is an organic reaction of everyday citizens but whatever comes against it is paid shill propaganda ? 
  so basically it will analyze which version of the story is prevalent on the internet . 
  technically it is correct but it is not true . 
  meeting a specific target does not mean that everything is going well . 
  everyone can achieve surplus by having budget cuts above acceptable levels . 
  the basic problem right now with greece is that there is uncertainty .
