unfortunately , the charges against them are not that impressive and that is what boosts their popularity . 
  some of them have even been unjailed on bail and proven innocent for some of the charges . 
  ( the smaller ones obviously ) when they put them in jail they said about a criminal organization . 
  to prove that in court one must find black money and guns . 
  so far the prosecutors have failed to provide such evidence and that is why a lot of people believe that they are prosecuted for their political beliefs . 
  that boosts the anti-systemic image they are trying to push since day one . 
  a lot of people are angry at the ` system ' for obvious reasons and they have played their anti-systemic card remarkably well ... that is how they got all this popularity that unfortunately does not shows signs of slowing down . 
  yes , you do not see them as much and this is a good thing obviously . 
  i was referring to the latest poll ( from pulse i think ) that gives them 11.5 % if elections were to be held today . 
  this is higher than the 7 % they got last elections of 9 % they got in the municipal elections . 
  i hope ukraine does not declare war with russia as they will be doing them a huge favor . 
  if war is declared against russia they will not hold back and they will not have to as on paper they are ` defending ' . 
  it has crossed my mind that russia is provoking all the time in hopes of official war declaration from ukraine . 
  it is not just a power thing but economic too . 
  let 's not forget that russia is a huge market and going into a fight will hurt european economy as much as russian . 
  economic implications play a huge role in deciding such things even if politicians do not mention them for obvious reasons . 
  clearly you have not seen the latest polls, 
  you are not alone . 
  i am actually listening music from winamp right now . 
  winampmasterrace !, 
  my guess is that he is referring to [ nvd ] ( http://www.lifesitenews.com/news/archive/ldn/2006/may/06053005 ) political party in holland . 
  congratulations to the winners . 
  this little instrument is called [ baglamas ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/baglamas ) and it is basically a miniature version of the bouzouki . 
  it is associated a tranditional type of music called rebetiko . 
  well , i am watching eurovision as always . 
  it is not that i consider it something of amazing quality but it is a good enough reason to have people over with pizza and some beers . 
  it definitely gives enough to comment about with all these weird acts that countries have been sending lately . 
  from what i saw today on semi2 , my vote goes to norway !, 
  actually your song was one of the good ones !, 
  what is a gay sauna ? 
  you just checked that on google maps !, 
  do n't worry , dumbass activists with stupid causes are everywhere , not just turkey . 
  i am not saying that all activists are dumbasses . 
  i am saying that there is a good portion of campaigns that are ridiculous . 
  i guess i am lucky because i am quite close to the dslam ( i think it 's called that ) and getting full speed on a 30mbit vdsl ( 2,5 mbit up ) . 
  as far as i see from other posts the price is a bit high . 
  around 40 euros get me a 30mbit connection with no caps and telephony with unlimited national calls . 
  yes i am because i am getting only this : http://www.speedtest.net/result/2593206694.png, 
  kiss and make up now !, 
  i am pretty sure this is an old story that has been reposted here as well . 
  here is a link from two months ago : http://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/12e27l/greek_police_beat_korean_tourist_stonewall/, 
  welcome to the club finland !, 
  ` no good country ' club is getting big !, 
  greece can into [ blessings ] ( http://i.imgur.com/6d5ogvo.jpg ) too !, 
  well i am happy to say that mcdonalds opened twice in my city and ended up closing after 2 years . 
  the competition from local fast food chains and the overall delicious food around here makes mcdonalds not so attractive . 
  there are currently only 21 mcdonalds restaurands in greece for eleven million people so the map is almost right . 
  it has been the last few months that we started letting them pass . 
  the situation was insane before . 
  everyone crossed our unguarded borders but once in , we used a lot of resources to close borders from those trying to flee our country . 
  people could easily get in but not get out . 
  actually two riot police units where transported from athens some weeks ago and were recalled a few days later so that we do not provoke the immigrants . 
  this week they resend them to the island and have them on standby so that they can restore order in case of bigger riots as tensions are high . 
  well , i am sorry but you are wrong on the ` starving ' part . 
  from the moment they set foot in greece they are fed and get medical care . 
  the pregnant women are immediately taken to hospital . 
  i was recently reading an article about refugee women delivering in greek hospitals . 
  what i am trying to say is that starvation and cardboard babies are not their problems . 
  they are provided as much as possible . 
  in return they riot because there is not enough staff to process them and we delay their trip for a few days . 
  there was a big ferry carrying refugees to the mainland and it was not fast enough for them . 
  so , greece had to hire a second ferry to double the rate of them transport just to keep them from rioting . 
  and i do not want to hear a thank you , but to just stop reading in the press about them saying how bad people we are . 
  as i see it , you are in your home and people start coming in through the window . 
  you are trying to be a good host but they keep complaining and rioting because your house is not good enough to accommodate their needs and somehow this is your fault . 
  the bottom line is that instead of trying to push them out of your house , you try to help them and you still end up being the bad guy , racist , xenophobic or whatever . 
  authorities attempted to relocate them a bit further away from city centre but they set some tyres and containers on fire before marching back to the city . 
  [ relevant pic ] ( http://i.imgur.com/azr7csw.jpg ) the article also states that they often close the roads and that results in tensions between them and the drivers stuck in traffic . 
  edit : another local news outlet talks about multiple fires that are believed to be lit by immigrants in order to divert attention and keep the authorities busy while they march back to city centre and closer to the port . 
  [ article ] ( http://www.emprosnet.gr/article/75893-foties-antiperispasmoy-pics ) ( has 2-3 pics as well ), 
  i was browsing the local newspaper website to get a better feel of what is happening there and came across [ this photo ] ( http://i.imgur.com/oqar8vd.jpg ) if you look at the carton closely you can make out what it says : `` we will destroy the island '' edit : found a better [ photo ] ( http://i.imgur.com/uhho1vu.jpg ), 
  i completely agree with you but i have no clue why the media are pushing the pro-immigration agenda so hard even though the public opinion are mostly against it . 
  plus we have been heavily critisized for doing that . 
  now , if someone else does , it will be ok ? 
  the article i got this from basically says that mostly afghan refugees have started a riot because there are delays in their transportation to athens . 
  later they tried to storm a passenger ferry that had to quickly close the doors to avoid being taken over puting refugees and tourists in danger . 
  does anyone know how they get these data ? 
  it is really really hard to find a person without access to the internet . 
  ( 60 + years old excluded ), 
  from what i read in the local news these days the refugees often close down roads in protest . 
  my guess is that the guy is an angry driver that is fed up with the traffic jam . 
  i voted no and i did not change my mind . 
  i am waiting for this week to pass so that we can finally have an end to this . 
  in or out of europe i do not really care . 
  hard times are ahead and personally i prefer to suffer out of the ez than within . 
  whatever happens this is not the end , life goes on . 
  if we get out then we finally hit the bottom of the barrel and then we start rebuilding . 
  if we stay in , we just keep spiraling downwards using a method that clearly does not work . 
  so basically the choice is between staying on life support or starting over . 
  the only way i am going to be pissed is if , while we voted no , the government accepts a bad deal . 
  the road to success is clearly through greforms !, 
  so ... no people over there renegotiate the terms with a bank if their situation changes ? 
  the vote was not about ` not paying ' but getting a better payment plan that would allow growth and not continuing to cause a humanitarian crisis . 
  but do n't let me break the circlejerk . 
  it is true that some people are confused about what they are voting . 
  i want to believe that majority understands though . 
  i have talked to many people since the whole thing started 5-6 years ago . 
  the majority understands the situation and accepts the reforms and some of the painful stuff that austerity brings . 
  the thing is that people now think that the last 5 years were lost because we achieved nothing . 
  if we are to get back on our feet we need growth .
