  because it did not just ridicule a person that has passed away . 
  ( i find it offensive to ridicule the dead ) the content also expanded on christianity and those who followed it . 
  i have answered this on another comment . 
  nobody is preventing you from having an opinion and expressing it openly . 
  that is not the issue here . 
  you can talk in a negative way about everything you do not like . 
  it is your right . 
  making a web-site with the sole purpose of provoking and humiliating is a different story . 
  because there is free speech do i have the right to make a web-site talking about you in an insulting and humiliating way ? 
  what do you think will happen if i do that ? 
  you will sue me , the web-site will be taken down and i am going to get dragged to court to answer for what i have written about you . 
  i agree that this should not be a legal issue and just a moral issue . 
  i would like to see tolerant people co-existing without the need of enforcement from a law . 
  i really wonder where you atheists get all that hate . 
  there must be something to make you feel so butthurt ... 
  there are always limits about what you can say and be considered acceptable . 
  we live in a society and we have to co-exist with other people . 
  i support free speech as long as it is not used to provoke and humiliate other people or groups of people . 
  why is that so bad ? 
  there are already talks in the united nations about [ criminalising blaspemy ] ( http://www.smh.com.au/world/push-to-call-blasphemy-a-crime-20120922-26dlu.html ) . 
  i am gon na continue getting downvoted but i say openly that i support this move . 
  i know the profile of people posting in / r/europe and that my opinion was never going to be a popular one in here . 
  but i am hoping to have a constructive connversation on the matter . 
  and again into the specific subject . 
  the contents of the page taken down were made to provoke and to mock people of a certain belief . 
  there was no room for dicussion , no debate . 
  i think people have to be reminded that if they belong to a certain group ( e.g. 
  atheists ) they do not have to be hostile to other groups . 
  we can all co-exist . 
  ( no joking , it is possible ), 
  free speech is the freedom to say whatever you believe without fear of consequences . 
  i am all for that . 
  but there are more attributes to that . 
  free speech has to be polite and constructive . 
  nobody ever got in trouble for saying what they beleive in civilised countries . 
  do you for example believe that christian religion is not adequeate for you ? 
  that is fine . 
  do you believe that christian trandition is a lie ? 
  fine again . 
  this is your opinion and you are entitled to it . 
  no-one can take that away !, 
  do you openly state that in your opinion christians are misled sheep ? 
  fine once more !, 
  you can really say whatever . 
  it is your right !, 
  now compare that with making an anti-christian page that is full of propaganda against them , and aims to ridicule and insult people that do not bother you in any way . 
  or did christian came and forced you to convert your beliefs ? 
  you chose not to believe and that it fine . 
  no-one critised you , no-one made an anti-anti-christian page about it . 
  and after all what good there is to be had from this page ? 
  it 's only aim is to ridicule and provoke . 
  there were no real arguments in there . 
  no discussion about it . 
  no alternative proposed . 
  nothing . 
  a page clearly directed and making fun of christianity and cause as much reaction as possible . 
  so , no . 
  this has nothing to do with free speech !, 
  and i will say it again . 
  i am not a religious person . 
  but i make sure that i do not offend those that are . 
  the fact that they over-reacted because they are fanatics does not make it ok to insult them like that . 
  i have learned to respect other people 's beliefs even if i do not agree with them . 
  i have learnt that my freedom ends where another person 's freedom begins . 
  for some reason reddit seems to believe that it is ok to mock other people 's beliefs withour good reason . 
  i am going to continue being a tolerant person towards other other people 's beliefs . 
  and you , are going to continue disrespecting and mocking other people because it is ` within your rights ' . 
  where did i do that ? 
  did you see me saying that it is ok to have such a reaction ? 
  [ a photo from the protests ] ( http://i.imgur.com/frj7h.jpg ), 
  satire and mockery are two different things . 
  the first is making a joke out of a situation . 
  the second is posting disrespectful and degrading things that have nothing to do with ` being funny ' over and over and over again . 
  satire and deliberately insulting are different things . 
  it is a reasonable way to have a discussion by mocking other people ? 
  no-one objects starting a conversation about something , e.g. 
  religion and discussing your points . 
  it is a completely different story to start publicly mocking other people for their beliefs . 
  critisize religion and the church as much as you want ( after all i am not a religious person as i said in my original post ) but do you think that you are doing something by mocking ? 
  you are only promoting hate and intolerance . 
  actually religion beliefs are protected by law in greece . 
  there is law article no . 
  199 that states : `` anyone that publicly and malisiously curses the orthodox faith or other official and recognised religions can receive a sentence of up to 2 years . '', 
  on paragraph 1 of the same article it is also stated that blashpemy is punishable by law for up to 3 months of prisaon time . 
  and why it is so important for you to make fun and irritate other people ? 
  if you do n't believe something then let it be . 
  ok , enlighten me . 
  what is the moral of all this ? 
  that it is within my rights to make fun of everything that i do not like even if other people are offended ? 
  til that being respectful of other people 's beliefs gets you downvoted into oblivion . 
  there is a difference between ` stating that you do not agree ' and ` making fun ' of something . 
  well , most of us did not have the chance to read the actual contents of this page to see the extend of satire/blasphemy ( depends on how you see it ) and decide for ourselves . 
  that is why i am being cautious and i just say that it is not right to make fun of what other people perceive as sacred . 
  i think we have the recent example of offended muslims causing trouble all over the world . 
  obviously i do not believe in what muslims believe but i do know that it is not ok to make fun of it . 
  similarly it is not right to make fun of anyone 's belief . 
  just because we have freedom of speech ... is it ok to make fun of people 's ethnicity ? 
  disability ? 
  race ? 
  religion ?
