  yes . 
  is it possible for greece to do so ? 
  is it possible for greece even to support 1.5 mil illegal immigrants ? 
  the difference is that i am a realist and you are not . 
  if i can i will help , if i can not , i wo n't it is simple as that . 
  it has nothing to do with racism or cruelty or anything , it is simple facts . 
  you can not help poor people when you are poor yourself . 
  so , the solution is to make them all legal , so they will leave greece and go to other eu countries ? 
  and you think that this will be ok with other countries ? 
  if we do that , the rest of the eu will close the borders with us before the first 100 crosses them !, 
  do not be fooled by other people 's charitable comments in here . 
  all people are very nice as long as the problem does not affect them !, 
  if they find out that we are giving papers and they are going to have an influx of 1,5 mil immigrants they will change their point of view in immediately . 
  plus , even if these 1,5 leave ... word will spread that we are legalizing everyone and another 1,5 mil will come in a few months time . 
  then what ? 
  give papers again ? 
  i would love to help the whole world but if you have n't noticed greece is in a pretty bad state . 
  at this point we can not cater adequately for greek people in need . 
  it is impossible to cater for illegal immigrants . 
  as simple as that . 
  if it was within our powers to help them , then yes . 
  but it is not , at least for the time being !, 
  at last , the government starts to take action . 
  when you have 1,5 mil illegal immigrants in a 10 mil , almost bankrupt , country you can easily understand the problems . 
  yes ... your charities . 
  you forgot to mention how many ( if any ) illegal immigrants you have in the uk . 
  and what will your charities do if 15 % of the population was illegaly staying there . 
  at the same time you got many british people suffering due to an economic crisis . 
  it is easy to critisize when you are far away and unaffected by the situation . 
  but if it was britain with the problem ... you were having exceptionally bad situation due to an economic crisis ... and 1 out of 6 people were there illegally ( do not overlook that - there is no problem with legal immigrants ) . 
  you would support them , or you would try to support your people first ? 
  because yes , i have absolutely no problem with helping foreginers if i can afford it . 
  but what if i do n't ? 
   absolutely nothing stops them feeding the tiny proportion of non-citizens that might happen to be in need of help you really do know the greek reality . 
  the ` tiny ' proportion that you are referring to is no less than 1,5 million illegal immigrants . 
  if that does not strike you like a big number let me remind you that greece is a 10mil people country . 
  so tell me , how many illegal immigrants your country hosts ? 
  and what do you do to help them ? 
  sorry , i do not understand . 
  excuses for what ? 
  since i live in greece let me tell you some things that you may not hear in the media . 
  ( that we turned xenophobic , racist , and hate foreigner in general out of the blue ) greece is the only country in europe that has a problem with uncontrolled illegal immigration . 
  we are a 11 million people country and currently we host about 1,5 million illegal immigrants . 
  why i say ` about ' ? 
  because nobody know the exact number , they are illegal , there is no way to exactly count them !, 
  on top of that we have a number of legal immigrants that work and live here , and nobody has a problem with them . 
  can you imagine the burden on all aspects of the society that this creates ? 
  a society already hit by crisis ? 
  so yes , what the media ` forget ' to inform is that we are talking about illegal immigrants . 
  people in europe thinks that we go about assaulting people that are not greek . 
  nobody hated foreigners before and nobody hates them now . 
  but uncontrollable influx of illegal immigrants have created problems that you ca n't even imagine . 
  do you honestly think that people wanting to stop illegal immigration are racist ? 
  and how many illegal immigrants the other eu countries currently host ? 
  various banks about a year ago predicted that greece had a 97 % chance to go bankrupt and leave the euro . 
  now they say 90 % . 
  shall i consider this as an improvement in greek economy ? 
  all the evidence is at least 25 years old . 
  they said a number of times publicly that they will work to further their political agenda through democratic legitimate ways . 
  and of course the supreme court of greece decided that they are legal and have the right to participate in the elections . 
  but then again , who cares about the supreme court and voters in a democracy . 
  the right thing , is our opinion . 
  so yeah , if you say so , they are outlaws . 
  edit : also do not forget that in 1987 they were an organization . 
  it is not until 1993 that they registered as a political party . 
  so , the link you provided predates the creation of the party !, 
  am i seriously getting 4 links for 3 cases that have not concluded yet in court and in most of them left wing parties are involved ? 
  do any of those refer to violence against immigrants ? 
  what makes a vocal supporter ? 
  from all the ` evidence ' i saw in various sites there is nothing more than 3-4 tweets which are from various greek news sites . 
  nothing illiegal , nothing sketchy . 
  for example i think there is one tweet with a link to a news article talking about a speech one of the golden dawn made in the greek parliament . 
  so , is it illegal to link to articles talking about a political party 's actions ? 
  after all let 's not forget that when all this happened she had virtually no followers . 
  she had about 40 friends in her account . 
  it is just after the event that this number turned to several thousand . 
  also it is impossible to turn this thread into a golden dawn discussion thread . 
  but i have to say this objectively as i can . 
  they say the worst things about this party , nazis , facists , murderers etc. 
  but when i ask , who did they murder ? 
  there is no reply . 
  just an old photo of hitler on their magazine dated 1987 . 
  all the time they say everything but prove nonthing . 
  but then again the word neo-nazi ignites enough emotional reflexes for people to hate them no questions and evidence asked . 
  just to remind everyone that golden down is a legitimate political party in the greek parliament . 
  they are not outlaws and certainly not the way the media are trying to describe them to be . 
  taking some sentences out of context does not make your opinions valid . 
  the trend shows that they gain popularity with each passing day . 
  it is impossible that a big portion of greek population is turning neo-nazi . 
  also it is impossible that one of the most hospitable nations on this planet has turned racist , hostile and xenophobic in a matter of months . 
  so , the truth must lay somewhere else . 
  before you believe everything that the media serves , make some research . 
  anyhow , i believe that if you check the accounts of all the greek athletes on the national team , many of them may be following political parties . 
  should we ban them too ? 
  what if i say that i am offended by left-party athletes because of their stance against religion ? 
  ( i do n't care it 's an example ), 
  fine , if your unexplicable hate towards the athelete does not derive from political reasons , i accept that i am wrong to judge you like that . 
  please explain in simplistic terms , so that my simple mind can proccess it , where is the racist part of the tweet and why all this hate . 
  you , said ` good riddance ' after all . 
  i bet that you , like me , did not even know the name of the athelete before this event took place .
