  greece is not the destination . 
  we after a series of bad agreements with the eu act as a guardian and a warehouse of human souls . 
  most of our efforts is spent guarding the internal frontiers and not the external that they are crossing . 
  do you know that when they catch illegal immigrants in germany , italy , france and other countries they do not deport them , they just sent them back to greece ? 
  we are acting as frontier guardians and illegal immigration shields for the whole eu . 
  so yes , as you can understand , most of them do not have the best of behaviours . 
  when and if they manage to reach their target ( e.g. 
  germany ) they will have a much better behaviour and possibly try to integrate as they plan to stay there . 
  i am not talking about unemplyment . 
  there are other things that are giving headaches . 
  and the first one is crime rate . 
  it is in a record breaking high . 
  did you know that 70 % of the prison population is made from immigrants ? 
  do you know that because of this crime explosion the prison system is collapsing as it already 2.500 inmate over capacity ? 
  and what is the respnse to that ? 
  they have given orders to the judges not to imprison people for lighter charges and are also planning to release prisoners to make some room . 
  how 's that for a problem ? 
  does the media show the fear in greek people 's eyes ? 
  most of the businesses have introduced or increased security because of this previsously unkown crime rates . 
  do also know that greek hospitals treat illegal immigrants for free ? 
  and i am not talking about emergencies . 
  emergencies have always to be treated no matter what . 
  i am talking even about medical-tourism . 
  do you know that people from all over balkans come to greek hospitals to get treated for free ? 
  how 's that for racist ? 
  the cost of that ? 
  hundreds of millions . 
  i am not saying greeks are better from other nations . 
  but when you let 1.5 mil people that you can not provide for they are gon na resort to crime . 
  so in top of our local greek criminals we have the illegal immigrants crime . 
  if one checks the statistics it will be enough . 
  and yes i am one of the victims of immigrant crime . 
  my house was burgled during daytime . 
  and i spend the everyday thanking my luck that no member of my family was present at the time as they might have been hurt . 
  and yes , you can see it on the street very easily . 
  people are always looking behind their backs even during daytime . 
  this country has n't ever seen so much crime . 
  i do not know how much exposure had the incident in europe but during the last days a 15yo girl is in a comma after being brutalized and raped by an illega immigrant . 
  before you answer me that it could have happened from a greek criminal i am gon na answer you that it did n't . 
  and after all if my chances of becoming a victim are 1 % , it is much better than 2 % with illegal immigrants . 
   you still do n't get it how deeming people `` illegal '' is really against all the supposed values and human rights that the western world says it upholds ... you just deem them illegal because they are poor . 
  if a rich iranian guy wants to live in the eu it would never be a problem for him to acquire papers - his poor fellow citizens thought would be `` illegal '' . 
  you really do n't see the irony here ? 
  well , believe it or not there are still laws . 
  laws make a society work . 
  if a person crosses the border of a country without permission from that country then he/she is illegal . 
  if country needs more workforce ( e.g. 
  australia ) then they consider applications for immigrations on the field needed . 
  if not , then nobody enters . 
  it is daft to accept immigrants when you do not have the power to provide for them and at the same time deteriorate the standard of living of the nationals . 
  as i said , if you can , you help , if you can not , you do n't . 
  and clearly greece is way over the number of immigrants that it can provide for . 
   this is in favour of my argument actually ... ok , why do i have to mention it in every comment ? 
  there is a distinction between legal and illegal immigrants . 
  it is people like you that want to turn this matter into a xenophobic one . 
  did this article mentioned that we are deporting legal immigrants ? 
  it said that we are deporting illegal immigrants . 
  the distinction that is always deliberately forgotten . 
  now the link you provide from the lefting site is obviously laughable . 
  i do not think that anyone taxes the 1.5 illegal immigrants . 
  the rest that are legal yes , they have , and should have all the obligations and benefits that a greek citizen has . 
  but even if i accept those 50 mil that you link it is nothing but a drop in the ocean compared to the billions of euros illegal immigrations costs the country . 
  finally you say you understand the situation , you keep your beliefs but you do not provide any real solution . 
  always resorting to the usual words ` xenophobes ' , ` racists ' , ` nazis ' etc. 
  you think you can use the illegal immigrants when your country has a 25 % unemployment rate ? 
  you clearly have a problem distinguishing what is possible and what is not . 
  you just say what you perceive as right and moral but never take into consideration real-life parameters . 
  you say what you think has to be done but do not have a clue on how to do it . 
  so , it is nationalism to have 1,5 mil illegal immigrants in a 10 mil people country ? 
  wanting to deport them , because you can not cope with the problems created . 
  no , this is not nationalism , this is called common sense . 
  you can not help everyone that sneaks in . 
  well , we will see how this goes . 
  recently the greek government have pulled many stunts with illegal immigrants in order to combat the rising popularity of the far-right party . 
  usually they do nothing more that arrest illegal immigrants and then just release them on another city . 
  until actual deportations start , this is n't even news !, 
  ` driving away foreigners ' - yes , you and other people that share your ideology tend to forget the word ` illegal ' before immigrant . 
  always trying to turn this into racism . 
  there is absolutely no way that you can convince anyone that illegal immigrants are not burdening a country . 
  there is not reason to go into figures . 
  this is easily understood by anyone that wants to understand . 
  and then you go on about how it is right to help the weak etc. 
  as i said before i agree with you . 
  is there a way to help them ? 
  is it within our powers ? 
  why do you want to ignore all the articles about how many billions illegal immigrants cost greece each year ? 
  so what is your view on this ? 
  you just want to help everyone , right ? 
  with what funds ? 
  if someone waves his magic wand and suddenly greece becomes rich then i will agree with you . 
  until then , i will focus on reorganising my country and helping getting back up on our feet . 
  trying to solve all the problems , and of course illegal immigration being one of the top problems in this country . 
  so for the last time , i am gon na help everyone i can . 
  but if i ca n't , i will not go down because of others . 
  i will put my home country as a top priority and then everything else . 
  there is nothing wrong with that !, 
  first of all you deliberately forget that there is a difference between a legal and an illegal immigrant . 
  did you hear me talk about immigrants ? 
  no , i said illegal immigrants . 
  is it fair to feed all the poor in the world ?
