  unfortunately we have an endless cycle of measures that shrink the economy and drive people out of business and even then we have to get extra measures because we fell short of the target . 
  there is little room for growth if we continue like that . 
  we do no even know what tax are we going to be paying next year . 
  how can people consume if they do not even know what happens next ? 
  how can you run a business if you do not know what measures are going to be passed next month about your taxation ? 
  let 's not talk about foreign investement . 
  who in their right mind will invest in such uncertain conditions ? 
  most people that will vote no , will do because they think that this approach does not work . 
  they do not want an easy way out , they want to get back on track . 
  we need more room for growth . 
  increasing austerity measures in the shrinking portion of the population that is still financially active will not achieve that . 
  they will just drive more people out of business and then we will default anyway . 
  what i am saying is that the prevalent opinion about what we are voting is : do we want to keep going with the current prescription or we want to try something new . 
  and by new , i mean new approach within the euro-zone . 
  it is not like people voting no are pro-drachma ( of course people with opinion exist ) . 
  the no = vote against europe is something that political parties are cultivating to rally support for their cause since they know that the majority of greeks are pro-europe . 
  tl ; dr : we tried for 5 years a formula that does not work . 
  do you want o keep at it or try something new ? 
  nothing like that happened where i voted . 
  i also want to add that there may be people like this overseeing the process . 
  i just see coffees , water and an envelope on the table , nothing like the official stuff you see on the table of the official representatives . 
  in other elections i often see representatives of the political parties hanging around clearly labelled . 
  they never talk to you but they are there to oversee the process as well as answer to a voter if they have a question about their party . 
  people in bars take their drinks and go to atms to socialize . 
  ( that is one of the jokes going around right now ), 
  non payment to an institution like the imf does not make you default like a missed payment on bond investors . 
  it just means that you payment is in ` arrears ' . 
  so no , greece does not default on tuesday . 
  \u0399 do not think that it is a good idea to use public tv that they do not have access to . 
  however many migrant centres give free wi-fi access . 
  a web/facebook page would be more appropriate . 
  it will reach more people while causing no outrage . 
  this is the first time i hear about this . 
  ( i do n't use facebook but i am curious ) how does it work ? 
  does it enable an option for users near the area to to say that they are safe ? 
  still a long way to go . 
  last weekend , while the eu-turkey deal is in effect 1662 refugees arrived in greece . 
  [ source ] ( http://en.protothema.gr/eu-turkey-agreement-on-refugee-not-working-for-greece/ ) i read that since the deal more than 3000 refugees have arrived in total . 
  i doubt that they will face harsh penalties . 
  according to [ this ] ( http://www.aljazeera.com/news/2016/03/smugglers-sentenced-alan-kurdi-death-160304094919706.html ) article human trafficers responsible for 5 deaths were sentenced by a turkish court to 4 years in prison . 
  that means that with ` good behaviour ' they will be released much sooner . 
  i mean you are responsible for human trafficking and the deaths of 5 people and you get 4 years of jail time ? 
  what kind of message is that ? 
  not one that would discourage them definitely . 
  the turkish shore is about 10km away from lesvos . 
  however the closest distance from greek shore to italian shore is over 175km away . 
  they would need a reasonably good motorized boat and someone with basic knowledge to try something like that . 
  it is not impossible but it much more dangerous and difficult to try something like that . 
  if something happens to them , chances are that noone will be around to save them , or even if they detect them that they will get there on time to help . 
  the distance is bigger and the sea much more dangerous . 
  i do not think that the trip can be done with the small boats you see in the aegian . 
  it is impossible for that many people to sneak in to ferries to italy . 
  it happened before but they were mostly caught by italian authorities and deported back immediately . 
  plus , there are harsh penalties for truck drivers even if they did not do it on purpose , so they are extra careful and triple check before departing . 
  there are 2 ports . 
  one is in patras and is more than 500km away from where they are . 
  plus it has an iso in security and it is almost impossible to sneak in anymore . 
  the other is in igoumenitsa and still is more than 350km from where they are . 
  it is the obvious weak link as security is not so high there normally . 
  still , it is not ideal for them since , security will improve as it is the only viable spot by sea . 
  italian authorities deport them ` on the spot ' ( sometimes they even do not make out of the ship and are sent back immediately ) . 
  new title : slovakia vote shocks europe , its own society and / u/grammorin, 
  reading the article it seems that the police tried to break a rally that was not given permission to take place . 
  the organizers tried to make it happen anyway so incidents like this were expected . 
  the issue here is not why police tried to break up a banned rally but why the rally was not given permission to take place . 
  tl ; dr : farmers from the village of pella ( greece ) plowed a large chunk of land as to become unusable for constructing a refugee camp . 
  this came after the previous spot chosen for that purpose ( abandoned military barracks ) were set on fire last week and became unusable too . 
  [ automatic translation link ] ( https://translate.google.gr/translate?sl=el&amp;tl=en&amp;js=y&amp;prev=_t&amp;hl=el&amp;ie=utf-8&amp;u=http%3a%2f%2fwww.protothema.gr%2fgreece%2farticle%2f558577%2fpella-orgosan-ton-horo-gia-na-min-ginei-kataulismos-prosfugon%2f&amp;edit-text= ), 
  no , they actually are waiting for the priest to throw the cross in the water and then they will compete who will be able to retrieve and return it . 
  something like [ this ] ( https://youtu.be/coi7b2sgbia ) ( action starts at 1:20 ), 
  well , to be fair , if you look at a cross from a different angle it looks like an x !, 
  ca n't find the ship that i served in . 
  i guess it was decommissioned . 
  it was pretty old . 
  there is not that much anger towards germans . 
  this was a failed attempt the past governments made in order to divert attention from their useless administration . 
  even if i do not really agree with merkel 's policies on several matters , why should i be mad at her ? 
  it is my useless government 's responsibility that they failed negotiating acceptable terms on the deals they make . 
  most of the countries of origin are getting financial aid/support packages from the eu . 
  so there is some leverage from the top of my head . 
  whoever claims inability of greece to control it 's borders clearly lacks basic knowledge on the subject . 
  refugees do not sneak in . 
  refugees are detected but there is nothing we can do because turkey does not accept them back and because international law dictates that people at sea and in danger have to be rescued . 
  it would be simple to send them back ( the ones that do not qualify for asylum - the majority of them ) but not even their own countries accept them back . 
  so what do you do with people that are unwanted by literally every country on the planet ? 
  you let them in to europe . 
  and now europe does not want them too . 
  what do you do ? 
  you let them gather in greece until the situation erupts and the violence starts . 
  where is europe to pull it 's weight and pressure the safe countries of origin to accept their own people back ? 
  [ here ] ( http://i.imgur.com/180hfa8.jpg ) is a graph of where the immigrants are spread in greece . 
  the graph claims to be accurate until today . 
  it is taken from [ here ] ( http://www.amna.gr/graphs.php?id=106296 ) ans it 's source is the greek ministry of immigration . 
  it is updated daily and claims 26.500 immigrants in greece , i visited this link a few days ago and the number was 21.000 . 
  obviously it is in greek so i am going to do a quick translation : the right side bar : united nations - europe is on the brink of a self-inflicted humanitarian crisis . 
  - 122.637 people have reached greece from the beginning of 2016 and 410 of them have lost their lives in the process . 
  - about 24.000 people are trapped in greece because of the lack of cooperation from other countries and increased border controls that are against the law . 
  - the is lack of food , shelter and water and tensions that may lead to violence are on the rise . 
  the legend of the map is quite self explanatory . 
  it show where are the refugees , how many of them and what type of accommodation is provided .
