  i have n't had the chance to read what it was written but it is said that the group made fun of christianity as a whole . 
  i am not a religious person so i think that i can be objective . 
  ` freedom of speech ' does not mean that on has the right to publicly make fun of serious things like religions . 
  everyone has the right to believe or not to believe . 
  but making fun of the faith of other people is not and never will be the right of anyone . 
  there is a second video from them visiting an open market in mesologi . 
  about the same thing happened as in the first video . 
  stands that did not have a permit were smashed . 
  golden dawn members informed about the situation the police and the municipal police but nothing happened . 
  then they decided , again , to take matters in their own hands . 
  when we are talking about illegal immigration in greece it is nothing similar to the rest of the european countries . 
  it is more than you imagine . 
  more than 300 people cross the borders illegally on a daily basis . 
  this is not made up , this is official data . 
  there is no way that all those people can be supported by a collapsing economy . 
  i wish this could happen . 
  just give asylum to the ones that really come from countries in war and are really in danger . 
  but when one talks against illegal immigration he is labeled as racist or neo-nazi . 
  however the numbers do n't lie . 
  frontex states that 300 illegal immigrants are registered crossing greek-turkish border each day . 
  the actual number may be higher as some may cross undetected . 
  this situation is so common in greece that it would not even make the news !, 
  we receive over 300 illegal immigrants per day , all year round !, 
  never heard of it over here !, 
  ( asked my wife as well ), 
  well ... that 's very fascist of you !, 
  typical response . 
  whoever disagrees with you is a nazi . 
  the world must be very simple for you . 
  a black or white sort of thing . 
  the article is very far from the truth . 
  golden down is a new entrant in the parliament and they are considered a top threat from the rest of the political parties . 
  wherever gd goes there are cameras with reporters hoping they will do something ` extreme ' so they can make a big article . 
  however gd is behaving ` good ' just because they are constantly under watch . 
  whatever they do , there will be a camera to record it . 
  so far , they have n't given any major reasons to make the news . 
  that of course does not stop journalists to become ` writers ' and create stories . 
  for example , lately they have been using the iraq immigrant murder case a lot . 
  according to the police , this murder is drug related and has nothing to do with racist motives . 
  most of the cases you hear on the news labeled as racist attacks are solved by the greek police . 
  of course you never hear about the conclusion of these cases . 
  they all turn out to be crimes unrelated to racism and gd . 
  most of the times are clashes between immigrant gangs . 
  i guess you do not hear that in the news . 
  yes , often immigrant gangs clash with each other over here . 
  it is not exactly the poor , helpless immigrants picture that the news articles paint . 
  of course there are very nice and hard working people amongst them but it is easy to see that for many of them their profession of choice is ... well ... crime !, 
  that is not very hard to imagine as greece has been in a very bad state for the last years . 
  only a crazy person would come to greece ( over 20 % unemployment ) ` for a better future ' . 
  so yes , the article is far from the truth . 
  it is based on rumors and is full of unconfirmed news . 
  if there were gd members patrolling the cities with torches and flags you would definitely see it on video . 
  it is ridiculous to claim so many crimes from gd and never have any proof . 
  never a cell-phone to take a picture . 
  a passer-by as a witness . 
  my city ( not athens ) is full of illegal immigrants and i do not see them scared . 
  they are everywhere , without anyone attacking them . 
  not even the police , since they have no papers . 
  thank you for proving the point i made in my post !, 
  would you like by any chance to answer my post ? 
  believe it or not the statements made in this article are lies . 
  only in greece an illegal immigrant falls victim to a criminal and all the left parties see racism . 
  the funny thing is that all of those ` racist attacks ' turn out to be not-so-racist when they catch the criminal , that in most cases is an immigrant as well . 
  the fact is that greek people are victims of increased crime rate when something happens to them . 
  when an immigrant falls victim it is always a ` racist attack ' , withour proof , without anything , just because they say so . 
  i challenge anyone interested to go and find the follow-up news when they catch the criminals and see if they are facist gangs or plain criminals . 
  i lived in the uk for some time as part of my studies . 
  so just some things that come to mind : there are rules everywhere . 
  i am not saying that rules are bad but you just do not know if one is nice to you because it is what he is supposed to do or he just likes you . 
  also because you guys have to follow strict rules all day you become a completely different person during the night . 
  i heard so many times ` let 's go get pissed ' . 
  i mean the real objective is to go out and have fun and eventually you may end up drunk . 
  going out to get drunk is not the objective . 
  so during the night it was a completely different thing , it was just if people wanted to exaggerate during the night as a reaction to being oppressed during the day ? 
  another thing that got my attention is that family ties are quite loose . 
  i met a lot of english students that had very little communication with their families . 
  trying to get trhrough their studies on their own etc. 
  even when they had big problems they did not want to ask for some help from home . 
  i think it is a matter of pride ? 
  i have to say that i respect going out on your own powers as soon as possible but it is not a shame to ask for some help . 
  that way many bad choices and mistakes can be avoided . 
  again , i think british people mature earlier because they leave their family 's protective environment as soon as possible but that happens the hard way . 
  some guidance and advice are always nice for a young person . 
  i am not a fan of the opposite as well ... like being under the family 's protection and become spoiled because you know that whatever happens someone will step in and fix that . 
  but maybe somewhere in the middle . 
  i do not think that we have to discuss stupid tabloid cover pages all the time . 
  they are certainly not a good indication of public opinion . 
  i like the way they are thinking . 
  they make so much effort to put the greek economy back on track and to attract investement leading to growth . 
  but on the other hand the media is flooded with articles about the greek exit . 
  even if you decrease wages , how an investor is going to come to greece when so many people express the certainty of a collapse and an exit from the euro zone ? 
  first of all i know that it was immigrants that burgled me because the police caught them after a while . 
  it seems that they were too greedy and wanted to rob many houses in the same area . 
  secondly , you have never been to greece as you said . 
  therefore you do not know that the situation is ` special ' . 
  so , you think that illegal immigrants enter the country to work ? 
  wrong . 
  greece is an intermediate station to their trip to western europe . 
  the vast majority of them do not care to settle to greece , they do not care to work , they do not care to integrate or anything . 
  they only stay there until they find the opportunity to move further inside eu .
