  - red house means asylum centre - blue house is shelter like public buildings , closed gyms etc - yellow building are open areas like parking lots , parks etc - the tree is just outside, 
  i am not implying anything . 
  violence is violence and it should be avoided unless completely necessary . 
  i am just pointing the double standards here . 
  it is at least weird for the police to turn violent so easily against locals with minimal backlash but not to dare using it against immigrants . 
  slapping an immigrant will make it to international news within the day . 
  beating down a local protester and noone cares . 
  who does one explain that ? 
  i agree with the high possibility of a breakdown soon . 
  however i do not agree with the ` regain control of the borders ' . 
  this is not a matter of lack of control . 
  a political decision has to be made . 
  because the vast majority of immigrants do not arrive undetected . 
  they are detected and in many cases they are rescued . 
  the thing is that the coast guard see them coming and they ca n't do anything other than help them . 
  they ca n't push them back , and when they arrive they can not deport them because greece or the eu has not made any such deal with the safe countries of origin . 
  they do not sneak in . 
  they cross the borders and then actively seek to be found because they know that they will receive help and the european countries can not do anything to send them back or stop their journey . 
  i agree that care must be taken when children are around . 
  however i would like to point out that about 2 weeks ago the police had no problem using tear gas against greek people protesting against the construction of immigrant hot-spot in kos . 
  a lot of old people and children were there and one child had to be hospitalized from the chemicals . 
  my guess is that the library is poor because competition is high in europe . 
  most of the good stuff is already licensed to other tv providers that may or may not include an exclusivity clause . 
  for example why should a provider buy an expensive tv series and then see it sold to a competing service as well . 
  this is my explanation , exclusivity deals . 
  my country also does not get house of cards because another provider has it at the moment . 
  i expect that things will get better after a while . 
  when current season is over . 
  i doubt that netflix will give them exclusivity from now on since they are a competitor after the expansion . 
  the ` twitter crowd ' does not have a uniform opinion . 
  it is journalists that find and quote random users that have compatible opinions . 
  i could easily write another article about people applauding the magazine cover and quote some random users that do so . 
  twitter has such a large user base that you can find tweets to support everything you want and then claim it is the dominant opinion . 
  it is really interesting what journalism has been reduced to . 
  you just write something and then support it by quoting random people from twitter . 
  i have seen it too many times and it is not even funny anymore . 
  one little difference . 
  the examples you provided are half-around the world , not neighbouring countries . 
  there is virtually no chance that in the future they are going to turn into a territory dispute . 
  i would add ` disconnect ' as well . 
  i have installed it for some time now and i forgot how facebook looks like . 
  among other things it blocks facebook stuff ( like buttons / comment sections ) from every website . 
  over here in greece we had such incidents years ago . 
  i have found [ this video ] ( https://youtu.be/ojyuuflwwte ) ( sorry for potato quality ) from 2010 new year 's celebrations in athens . 
  there was fighting and sexual harassment in the crowd . 
  actually , i would prefer to see families with children taken away from there to a safer location . 
  i believe that no child should have to go through all that and see their asylum applications prioritized . 
  since this is a thread about compatibility i want to ask your opinion on a matter highlighted in this [ article ] ( http://www.bbc.com/news/world-europe-34573825 ) i have read some months ago . 
  it seems that there is a number of immigrants arriving or asking to be reunited with their child-brides that in some cases are pregnant . 
  this is clearly a very serious crime over here but i read that there are plenty of cases that it is allowed for migrants . 
  so , where do we draw the line ? 
  do we separate those people ? 
  do we allow them to be making an exception to our laws ? 
  do you want to know what is low ? 
  greek media are . 
  a tv station covered the news with the title : `` hungary and poland form a homophobic alliance ' . 
  this situation was exactly what we had not so long ago in the port of patras/greece that conected us with italy . 
  hundreds of immigrants jumping on trucks in traffic lights or trying to stop them by force so people can sneak in the back . 
  drivers were desperately looking for protection that they never got . 
  in order to avoid all these you could see them often driving through red lights resulting in accidents sometimes . 
  [ just an example ] ( https://youtu.be/dkephy1pfcg ), 
  i am pretty sure that no matter how hard you search , you will not find sex for the price of a sandwich even during sale periods !, 
  words like ` xenophobia ' are used as a scare tactic most of the time . 
  noone wants to be tagged with such words so usually they back down to avoid it . 
  it is a method used to fight the objective truth backed by logical arguments . 
  because when they throw around that word they can mock and discredit the person without the need of going into an actual debate they will likely lose . 
  i really do not like this trend . 
  you are opposed to a massive wave of illegal immigration where the official data reveal that only a small part are actual refugees and the big part is made up from economic migrants and then they they threaten to tag you as xenophobic or racist and you are supposed to back down ? 
  i really do not get it . 
  you oppose uncontrolled immigration and you are a bad person because of one word . 
  actually i do not think that the word even means what they think it means . 
  they just use it as a scare tactic . 
  and then they get a free pass to mock you and discredit your opinion without even having to answer your logical arguments . 
  i say that we should focus on discussing logically and humanely every situation and do not let buzzwords dictate the outcome . 
  this is not the first time . 
  anyone , remember a [ similar event from april ? 
  ] ( http://www.ibtimes.co.uk/libya-migrants-muslim-refugees-arrested-italy-throwing-christians-into-sea-after-fight-1496777 ), 
  i am a bit conflicted on the matter . 
  i do not like the burkini but it is within their rights to wear on if they wish . 
  on one hand i find the ban oppressive but on the other hand i wonder if it is necessary along with other measures in order to speed up/force integration of muslims in europe . 
  in many cases we can see muslims being a community within a community failing to integrate and of course that causing trouble . 
  but that opens up a whole new discussion . 
  is it right to try to force integration to people that seem to be resisting it in order to have more ` harmony ' in our societies ? 
  those french are a menace to socitety !, 
  everyone is talking about migration , xenophobia and multiculturalism when in reality it is people resisting the uncontrolled migration from middle eastern countries because a good percentage of these people seem to have trouble integrating to their host countries . 
  the bottom line is that there are a lot of foreign nationals in every european country but people do not seem to mind . 
  then the immigration boom happened and a lot of people started having issues with it . 
  there have been other driverless buses operating in several european cities . 
  for example in [ trikala ( greece ) ] ( https://youtu.be/l99xjg0qrvc ), 
  nice try hackers but i have [ the solution ] ( http://i.imgur.com/asc1ys3.jpg ), 
  greece is one of the most pro-russia countries in europe . 
  in the vast majority they do not feel any threat from russians . 
  even if it was possible to interview everyone in delicate subjects like religion and general beliefs and accept only the ones that are closer to western culture , it would create a huge shitstorm with the muslim world . 
  from their point of view it would be like giving asylum ( aiding ) to those that want to deflect and turn down the ` faithful ' ones . 
  this would not end well even if it does makes sense for us . 
  exactly what i suspected : ` mental health issues ' , again . 
  nothing to see here move along ... 
  not to mention delicious !, 
  that is actually a common misconception . 
  the media are trying to portray everything as ` racist ' .
