  but you help when you can . 
  in case you did not notice we are poor and on the verge of collapse . 
  we are not in a posistion of doing charity work , especially if this is done in the expense of tax-paying citizens . 
  if there is enough capacity then let all the world enter . 
  when there is great shortage you make sure that you have a fair and undisputable selection process . 
  maybe you should talk with some greek people that were declined a place in the kinderkarten and now are at a dead end because the second parent can not work and they can not afford a private school . 
  i think i made it clear that this is not a racist matter as you portray it to be . 
  so , it is not a violation . 
  nothing bad can come out of simple numbers . 
  so it is not unreasonable to ask for it . 
  but you suggest that this question shall not be answered because gd has asked . 
  if for example another party asked for it should be ok ? 
  you say that the number is low . 
  how does anyone know since they are now gathering the data ? 
  if they know the number just state it and there is no reason to make all that fuss . 
  if that number is low/acceptable it will be decided by the people . 
  so the parties are doing their job in the parliament . 
  they ask questions that the goverment is legally obliged to answer . 
  they do this on matters that think they are problematic . 
  then the answer is publiced and the voters decide if they are happy with the performance of the goverment on this matter with their vote . 
  so after ignoring you generalisations i will say to you that this question should be answered like all other questions . 
  nothing dangerous about that . 
  let 's not forget that the same question was answered in the past to another party . 
  and finally the people will decide if the number is high/low , acceptable/unacceptable . 
  i will read carefully the link you provided and i will comment . 
  but i have to say that these data are always available in other eu countries and not gathered upon request . 
  do you suggest that all other countries are in violation ? 
  so ... they will not provide the statistics requested . 
  not names ... not adresses ... nothing ... just the statistics . 
  the answer that will be given in the parliament will be in the form of simple statistics . 
  since when , providing the percentage of something is a violation of privacy ? 
  except if they refuse because they have something to hide and they fear public outrage . 
  well , it is a question officially made in the parliament . 
  the goverment has to answer all questions . 
  i do not think that any sensitive data are required . 
  after all these are data that should have been available without asking . 
  data about all public institutions should already be available . 
  but then again ... greek goverment was not able to answer the simple question of how many public sector workers are on the payroll ... they would be able to gather statistics about schools and kindegartens ? 
  even if wages hit 100 euro/month greece wo n't be a good place to invest . 
  it is wrong to focus on labor cost when there are several other factors that deter a business to invest here . 
  there are many other countries that are ` cheaper ' to invest but i do not see the investors queuing in their doors . 
  it is because they , like greece , do not meet other criteria that businesses are looking for . 
  labor cost is just one of the many . 
  ok , first i would like to say that you are right in some aspects . 
  greek people like to go around the rules if that benefits them . 
  not all of them . 
  ( btw paying to get a driving license does not apply - all the people i know paid nothing to get it ) my opinion , and that is not to justify the situation is that greek people are as corrupt as any other nation . 
  the different levels of corruption between countries is how easy it is for ordinary people to ` bend the rules ' for their benefit . 
  if you know that you can do something and get away with it easily then you will probably do it . 
  people need to be scared of the consequences to do the right thing . 
  unfortunately , very few people will do what is moraly right just because . 
  take as an example the person that is giving the driving licenses . 
  it will take a bribe to give you the license or you risk failing . 
  ( this is just an example - since you mentioned it ) as a public worker , he/she has the benefit of job security . 
  yes , public workers can not be fired in greece even if they do their jobs badly . 
  the worse that can happen is not to get promoted or be transfered somewhere else . 
  and that happens in extreme cases only . 
  so , even he gets caught receiving a bribe , he will not have serious consequences . 
  so he does it without fear . 
  i believe that the same would happen in any other country that has a relaxed law enforcement . 
  if a person from netherlands comes to live here , he will become corrupt , because , why not ? 
  if greek government is placed in charge of netherlands then dutch people will become corrupt . 
  unfortunately having laws is not enough , there has to be competent enforcement because people will not follow them just because it is right . 
  another simple example is from my friends that live in the uk . 
  they are model drivers there , but when they come to greece they always drive above the speed limit and never wear seatbelts . 
  pretty , weird ( for me ) that they do not understand that safety is important and for everyones benefit and it has to be ` enforced ' on them . 
  ( i suppose because in the uk you face more serious penalties and you can be caught as there are cameras and more road checks ) so , to answer your question yes , i believe that a portion of the problem is caused from ordinary people bending the rules because the system does not work to keep them in check . 
  what i mean is that in their help plan , there are clauses that give greater control over greek fiscal policies and minimize the risk/damage to german economy in case of greece defaulting . 
  so , the whole scheme is not a charity , but rather an investement . 
  for example the memorandum binds greek natural resources in case of failing to pay back . 
  so the general general perception is that germans are trying to protect primarily their own interests rather than help greece . 
  one way or another germany benefits from a healthy economy in greece . 
  all i am saying is that there is no ` charity ' involved . 
  i totally disagree with these protests . 
  the germans do not really help as they think and are definitely not ripped-off as they think . 
  but then again , it is not their responsibility to solve this . 
  although they should play a part if they want to portray as the leading nation of europe . 
  the anger and protests should be focused on the greek government that is responsible for creating the economic collapse as finding a solution to end it . 
  if germany did not give us a good solution/deal then it is our responsibility to turn it down/change it . 
  to be honest i would not have a problem of leaving the eu . 
  the state it is in right now is not the best . 
  but since we are in , all of our interests are interdigitated and one leaving will have serious consequences to the others . 
  i think it is obvious that things do not work well as is . 
  my hope is that these problems ( because it is not just greece ) will be answered with good and lasting solutions by integrating europe more . 
  as a greek i believe that the formula we are following is not going to be successful . 
  i do not hate or love germans as i believe that it is not their responsibility to stabilize a country in trouble . 
  ( well , it is but only partly as members of the eu ) the primary discontent goes towards the greek politicians that not only caused this mess but also had no real solution to it and resorted to the bad solution offered ( imposed ? ), 
  by the troika . 
  even then , they could have negotiated the terms better to make this more fair and effective . 
  the big problem is also caused by biased media coverage that portrays the troika as evil dictators that are responsible for our misfortunes . 
  even if we were offered a bad deal , it is the goverment 's responsibility to refuse / provide alternatives or at least negotiate to make things better . 
  personally i would never blame another country for not looking after my country 's best interest . 
  i would never expect them to do that . 
  and just to be clear this whole ` rescue plan ' is not a charity as many people think . 
  if we were useless we would have been kicked out already . 
  i do n't have delusions that another country loves/hates us . 
  my opinion in all these is that a country 's government is responsible for it 's people best interest . 
  to blame other people for that is just wrong . 
  you would be right to do that . 
  similarly , i am wondering why would one like to create a page mocking a religious group .
