  the ep debated these issues and decided ok , it 's fair for our member countries to be able to hold their people accountable , and they agreed to drop the immunity . 
  the ep however has made no statement or vote on whether she * should * be prosecuted . 
  merely that she * can * be . 
   they remove her immunity , they make her a victim in a political attempt to sabotage her campaign . 
  the eu did not remove her immunity . 
  the european parliament did at the request of france , following a vote . 
   removing her immunity for such minor charge , all the while holding the same view as 99 % of europe that isis are bad and `` heres how '' . 
  the european parliament has not removed her immunity for posting pictures . 
  they have removed her immunity because france requested it . 
  france has requested it because their justice department ( or equivalent ) is currently unable to prosecute her , due to this privilege . 
   anti eu sentiment and this will be linked , she will not lose supporters , she will be the victim and become a martyr . 
  this will cause her to gain support and maybe lose this election but allow her base to grow and in 4 years ... 
  i agree . 
  you would have to ask a french lawmaker that question , i 'm afraid . 
  in the uk we have what are known collectively as obscenity laws . 
  i believe lepen is bring prosecuted under a french * equivalent * of these laws , however i do not know their exact wording and intent . 
  also i do n't speak french well enough to try to find out directly . 
  from the uk 's point of view , our laws were put in place ostensibly to stop `` offense '' . 
  that is a very nebulous term and is subjective . 
  for instance , we 've had prosecutions for a clip of tony the tiger pretending to have sex with a woman as a joke ( it was n't a porn video , it was someone had drawn tony the tiger over the male actor in the scene just as a stupid `` meme type joke '' ) and the guy who got it was arrested because it depicted bestiality . 
  it went back and forth and eventually got thrown out . 
  other instances are things like the nirvana nevermind album cover which shows a naked baby . 
  you can imagine what went on in that particular case and you can guess the outcome as you can still buy that album in shops here :-) other bits include violence - you can not show someone being killed on camera . 
  i am not sure the exact regulation but i believe it extends to anything from suffocation to being shot to beheading to anything really . 
  you can show someone * dying * - from old age or cancer etc. 
  but not someone being * killed * . 
  in the middle is things like gruesome accidents in the workplace or a car crash . 
  again , some images have been taken to court over things like that . 
  the famous one of the little girl from vietnam with napalm on her back - that was also taken to court . 
  and again , overturned . 
  i can say that if this had been a uk citizen doing this - we 'd be acting the same way france is . 
  or rather we 'd be compelled to , due to our own laws . 
  whether or not lepen * is * guilty , i do n't know . 
  she certainly posted them . 
  but are they `` obscene '' or do they `` incite hatred '' ? 
  that 's up to a court to decide . 
  a french court , for a french citizen , accused of breaking french laws . 
  but to directly answer your question , what is the reasoning behind it being illegal ? 
  it 's a morality law , plain and simple . 
  you can debate whether it 's a good idea or not , or how stupid or sensible that idea is - but it is in fact currently french law , and it possibly has been violated by lepen . 
  how is the eu related to this ? 
   this . 
  she violated french law . 
  period . 
  ah ah ah . . that is for the ( sovereign french ) court to determine . 
  she is * accused * of violating french law . 
  i know you know that , i do n't mean to correct you but it is important to be accurate in situations like this . 
  she has not been found guilty , and she has not gone to court yet . 
  excuse me ? 
  i agree . 
  the eu has not done anything . 
  france requested the european parliament , which lepen is a member of , remove her immunity from prosecution because the justice department of france wants to prosecute her ( a french citizen ) for potential violations of french law on french soil . 
  the european parliament has voted to allow this . 
  france is now free to prosecute her for a perceived crime . 
  whether she is found guilty or not is nothing to do with the eu , the european parliament or anything other than the french legal system . 
  i see no issue here . 
  the european parliament is not prosecuting her . 
  the european parliament has not accused her of anything . 
  they just held a vote at france 's request . 
  i 'm saying `` eu '' and `` european parliament '' are not interchangeable . 
  it 's cool , seriously :-), 
  fair enough , thanks for the quick response . 
  no , i do not believe i did . 
  i knew exactly what he was doing , and so do you . 
  and i know what you 're doing now . 
  and it is n't going to work . 
  it might have , if you had n't decided to misquote me and edit my wording . 
  but not now . 
  i should rephrase , `` the eu council is not prosecuting her or removing her immunity , it is the european parliament '' calling the eu and ep are not interchangeable . 
  any more than the californian supreme court and the us supreme court are not interchangeable . 
  i apologise for my bad wording there . 
   she has n't had it revoked for `` sharing pictures '' , she has had it revoked for sharing pictures i dunno how the mods on this subreddit work , but please do not edit my words on purpose . 
  you are being dishonest and disingenuous . 
  next time , please quote the entire sentence - which is there for all to view . 
  all you are doing is showing yourself to be dishonest . 
  if you have to alter my words and edit my sentences to make a point , then ... well . 
   would n't an insane amount of pictures fall under this law ? 
  yes . 
  wikipedia 's fallen afowl of this with the nirvana album cover of the naked baby . 
  stupid but there we go . 
  of course that got overruled . 
  do n't look at me to define the french laws - that 's up to them . 
   for example : there are very famous , very graphic pictures from the vietnam war . 
  i do n't think anyone got in trouble recently publishing those ? 
  actually , yes . 
  the famous picture of the little girl with burns all over her back got in a big uproar a couple of years ago ( again , i dunno why ) that it was glorifying violence and child porn . 
  that also got struck down as retarded . 
  maybe this will , as well . 
  but just as they will go after isis accounts for posting beheadings , they 'll go after french accounts for posting beheadings . 
  just lepen is in france , and not iraq , so there 's jurisdiction here . 
   i really do n't understand and would like to . 
  at first glance it looks like she was getting too close to winning second ballot and the french establishment asked eu for help getting rid of her . 
  the eu is not involved . 
  it is the european parliament . 
   what i 'd want to know is . . if she was n't on a path to get on the second ballot , would the eu remove her immunity and/or would the french prosecute ? 
  the eu has not removed her immunity . 
  the members of the european parliament voted for her to have her immunity from prosecution removed at france 's request . 
  france has requested this because they claim the pictures she has posted break an equivalent of french obscenity laws and they claim she is using them to incite violence etc. 
  whether that is true or not is up to the courts to decide - which i think is fair . 
  accused of something ?
