  go to court . 
  maybe she 'll be found not guilty . 
  that 's for a jury or judge to decide . 
  the problem was that as a mep , she was * immune * from prosecution . 
  essentially she could swing from the rafters shouting `` kill the mussies ! '', 
  ( but in french , i suppose ) and they could n't touch her . 
  evidently she 's annoyed enough people that they voted to remove her immunity . 
  they 've not declared her guilty of anything . 
  the eu is not involved . 
  the european parliament is not prosecuting her . 
  france is . 
  if you got an issue , take this to france . 
  posting real pictures of beheadings and graphic violence . 
  i do not know the exact french law - perhaps a french national could explain in more detail , but it looks to be similar to obscenity laws . 
  no it does n't . 
  it says she lost her immunity * after * she shared the pictures . 
  the pictures are an issue for france , not the eu or the ep . 
  france wants to prosecute her . 
  they are unable to , due to immunity ( similar to the uk 's parliamentary privilege ) . 
  this immunity is not a right , it 's a privilege . 
  it can be revoked . 
  france asked for it to be revoked . 
  it was . 
  she has n't had it revoked for `` sharing pictures '' , she has had it revoked for sharing pictures of beheadings - something that is illegal to show ( or at least that 's the argument from the lawyers - it 's not gone to court yet of course ) . 
  she 's had it removed because france requested it - because france claims she has broken a law . 
  the ep did n't meet together to remove her immunity just because she `` posted pictures '' . 
   i 'm confused about why sharing pictures means a person loses their parliamentary immunity . 
  that 's because she has n't had her immunity removed for `` sharing pictures '' . 
  the eu does n't . 
  the european parliament has removed her parliamentary immunity . 
  it 's france that will prosecute her . 
   i understand your logic and the idea is indeed nice in theory but do the people that are used to go flamey or off topic really care ? 
  no of course not . 
  it 's just ... a dream . 
  that people would read an article , if only the first paragraph , before replying :( it 's a silly dream . 
  no matter the topic - medical , science , traffic , weather ... farm production yields ... err . . interesting clouds in the sky - it will devolve within 10 posts to a brexit flamewar . 
  terrorist attack on a mosque in canada ? 
  `` good thing we 're leaving the eu ! '', 
  `` good thing we 're leaving the eu ! '', 
  i dunno , fish production in bolivia is up by 10 % ? 
  `` good thing we 're leaving the eu ! '', 
  car seat belts improved ? 
  `` no more muslims ! '', 
  test it : here 's an article about pregnant women . 
  http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/health-39133986 at the moment there are 4 comments . 
  one of them is screaming about privatising the nhs ( is pro ) and socialism . 
  give it a few hours , and refresh . 
  you watch . 
  there 'll be stuff about muslims or immigration . 
  on an article about pregnant women . 
  true but if you have to manually type out `` rule 4 '' or something to post , it forces you to read it . 
  or if not read it , there 's absolutely 0 excuse for anything flamey or off topic . 
  i like this idea . 
  apply it to the bbc news comments , please . 
   it 's a weird anglo press mannerism . 
  it means it 's a direct quote . 
  however much that is worth completely out of context is another question . 
   to us non-english speaking persons it means that the author is distancing himself from some statement , or that it is not mean seriously . 
   i also have to remind myself every time i see it in some headline . 
  i 'm uk - i read it as ~ ~ invasion ~ ~ annexation . 
  your clothes . 
  give them to me . 
  how many elephants across is a liechtenstein ? 
  how many bananas or london double decker busses is that ? 
  may as well be in july :p, 
  i ca n't take any more elections  <, 
   as compared to now ? 
  yes , this is the point - it was a stupid decision . 
  she * thought * she 'd get a higher majority . 
  she was wrong . 
  and now she 's shot herself in the food . 
   honestly i am starting to believe they are doing this on purpose . 
  sadly , our politicians are actually this short sighted in real life . 
  this is not the first or the last time they will do something like this . 
  and cameron did n't want to leave the eu . 
  that 's why it was a miscalculation . 
  if he 'd wanted out , this would be going to plan . 
  even the leave leaders ( borris , gove ) did n't actually want to leave . 
  they 're all useless . 
  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ech_rzklkma is my favourite, 
   but how do you know that ? 
  because as soon as they thought they could , they invaded ukraine . 
   did russia tell you personally ? 
  is this a fact ? 
  they * showed * us . 
  it is a fact , yes . 
  heh would be a great line in a civ mod with trump as ruler . 
  people can agree even when they come from different directions , 
  diplomatic rank . 
  as a human being from one to another , i agree . 
  and i think she would , too , tbh , given her service record in ww2 . 
  no worries  i differentiate between republicans ( us party ) and republicans ( anti monarchy ) - capitalisiation etc if it helps  i meant your partner seems to be ( or comes from ) a ` republican ' background - i am , myself . 
  there 's a good deal of us but i 'm not like ... 
  i do n't even express it , tbh . 
  as you can see from the thread , i hope i ` know my stuff , more or less ' with the royals and stuff . 
  i do n't support their existance as such but they are there and we are what we are so w/e and i 'm just happy to get on with my life . 
  etc :d i 'm sure your partner is similar in their `` i super do n't feel strong about this daily '' :d but overall , the royals do make us money , we get tourism off it ... they pay taxes ( srsly ) off it . . 
  they fund themselves . 
  that will change in the next 5-10 years , sadly :( - and on a political level , i 'm ... well , i 'm uk so i 'm `` centrist '' here but that 'd be bernie for you guys , sure , give or take . 
  once they die ;-) either we stripped them all or we had a massive constituional crisis or ... eh , just change how they get in and let 'em die off .
