  and like many similar test cases in the uk , it may well just get thrown out for the reasons you put . 
  that it 's censorship . 
  but it is up to a french court to determine that , not the ep , not the eu , not you and not me . 
   the immunity for meps exists exactly for situations like this . 
  meps should have the freedom to make political statements without fear of prosecution . 
   if le pen is being charged for a non-political matter like a traffic offence or shooting someone , sure , waive the immunity . 
  but political speech for meps ought to be protected . 
  yup . 
  but the question france wants to ask is , is showing gruesome videos classed as a political statement , or inciting hatred . 
  see : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kmaz85c3blc https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8mxyihly7hq bear in mind this is from a uk perspective on * similar * laws , and those videos do not directly relate to this case . 
  however i agree with ian hislop 's ( the bald one ) underlying point . 
   the immunity just should n't be there in the first place i disagree with this . 
  we have an identical thing here in the uk called parliamentary privilege . 
  this is where , if a mp is talking in parliament , anything he or she says can not be held under speech laws ( libel etc ) . 
  there was a very famous case a few years ago , where a `` famous footballer '' had had an affair . 
  the newspapers wanted to cover this but he took out what is known as an injunction . 
  this prevents the press from reporting on it . 
  however it does not stop them reporting on the fact that they have an injunction , so they can all sit there hinting at who it is but not saying . 
  this footballer then took out a super injunction which is the same as an injunction , but then also prevents the press from reporting on the fact that they are banned from reporting on a certain topic . 
  a member of parliament stood up and named the footballer out loud in a commons debate . 
  he was protected under parliamentary privilidge laws and could not be prosecuted for violating the super injunction . 
  and then we all got to find out about paul gascoin 's personal life . 
  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kmaz85c3blc & https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8mxyihly7hq now , i do n't give a shit about his life or marriage - it 's not very interesting . 
  however , the time will come , one day , when we * do * need to know something and we are not allowed to be told . 
  in those cases , the only people who can do it without being prosecuted are an mp with a conscience . 
  i know they 're rare , but they exist !, 
  i support them having this ability . 
  lepen 's issue is she may have pushed it too far and used this power to say and post stuff that would get any other citizen arrested , fined or locked up . 
  or perhaps an angle such as abusing the power for political or personal gain etc. 
  the laws are there to help protect free speech and the democracy , * not * to be used as a weapon . 
   well , the parliament could reject france 's request , but they did n't . 
  it 's not difficult to guess why . 
  correct , they could have voted no . 
  unfortunately , that would set what is known as `` precedence '' . 
  very briefly , it means next time they have a similar debate , they look at the past ones and draw conclusions from there . 
  now this instance is n't particularly here or there . 
  but say they had refused frances request . 
  then 2 years later , someone from ... 
  i do n't know , let 's pick on italy for a bit - comes along and starts trying to incite the genocide of all jews or ... you know what i mean . 
  stupid levels , beyond what lepen is doing . 
  if a previous decision has meant lepen is fine to do it , it does n't guarantee , but it does make it * easier * for someone with a much harder stance , to get away with it . 
  another reason , is sovereignty . 
  by refusing to allow france to prosecute its own citizens for breaking french laws on french soil , that sets a * very * bad example . 
  and in fact , i would put forth that if it was someone * else * and not lepen , lepen would be the * first * to stand up and say the ep has no right to tell france who it can and can not prosecute , that the ep and eu has too much power , and that the ep is `` hiding things '' and `` protecting its own people '' . 
  do you believe the ep should refuse to allow member countries to prosecute their own citizens ? 
  i get the impression when the question is phrased like that , you would say `` no '' . 
  i could be wrong there and reading too much into it . 
  it 's ok , i 've seen my fair share of beheading / immolation and drowning videos from isis , i do n't need to see any more to guess the specific contents . 
  i understood the words , i just do n't understand why you put them in the order that you did . 
  i meant i ca n't figure out what you were saying exactly - could you perhaps rephrase it ? 
   some of the comments here point out that the law ( from france is this case ) is not applyed to everyone ( fransman ) posting isis stuff on the internet . 
  i agree to some the degree with that but a lot of people on the internet do n't use their real name so it 's harder for the average user to pinpoint nationality . 
  correct . 
  i have also seen comments , not just on this case , but on others - saying that they do n't apply this across all people ( isis can get away with it for example ) . 
  well ... that 's because isis is n't in france . 
  isis is in iraq and syria . 
  the french legal departments have no jurisdiction there . 
  they can * block * stuff , but they ca n't prosecute mohammed el jihad in baghdad because ... it is not their country . 
  lepen , on the other hand , * is * french . 
  and on french soil . 
  and was on french soil when she posted the pictures . 
  that rule will be applied across all of france . 
  it will . 
  that some people get away with it is because there 's a lot of it , and some goes unreported . 
  lepen will get priority because she 's an international figure trying to get elected . 
  if she has broken laws ( to be determined ) , as we found with trump , it 's best to figure it out * before * they get into office . 
   also is n't it possible that people in france saw the beheading posted by her and went to the police with it , if enough people do that the police has to act as well ? 
  that 's exactly what happened . 
  although lepen did it so publicly , the police and intelligence services would have seen it as soon as she did - there 'd be no need for a specific complaint to be made . 
  if you commit a crime in front of a police officer , they do not need someone to come forward and make a complaint - they 'll just arrest you on the spot . 
   they still held a vote on whether she is to be prosecuted or not . 
  that really has no place in an elected parliament . 
  you are mistaken . 
  the european parliament is not prosecuting her . 
  she has not been accused of breaking an eu regulations or laws . 
  the ep does not hold votes on whether a country is allowed to prosecute one of its own citizens . 
  the only reason the ep is involved , is that as a mep , lepen is protected under certain immunity laws . 
  these laws are in place to allow someone in the ep to speak their mind freely . 
  however , in this case , * france * believes she has abused this privilege . 
  remember , you and i do n't have this immunity . 
  if we 'd done the same , we 'd also be prosecuted . 
  lepen is using her immunity to post stuff she normally could n't . 
  at least - that is what the french justice department is saying . 
  they asked the ep to remove her immunity . 
  that was the vote . 
  the vote was * not * whether or not she should be prosecuted . 
  the ep has nothing to do with the charges , the prosecution or the courts in this case . 
   `` immunity '' is a nice concept in a context where different countries can be viewed as hostile ( and antidemocratic ) , it has no place in the eu . 
  it is not full immunity . 
  i mean , she ca n't go out and assault someone or shoot someone and then get off without charges . 
  it 's entirely there to allow someone to speak out when they see something as wrong . 
  lepen has used this * correctly * in the past whilst critisising the eu , for example . 
  i mean - you do n't want a system where politicians are banned from discussing certain topics , right ? 
  that would be a terrible , terrible idea . 
  the problem is , if you give blank immunity for speech , and that person gets up in front of a microphone and says `` as mep , i think we should kill all the ginger people . '', 
  we 're in a bit of a bind . 
  the person is inciting murder and violence - no country allows that , even the usa - when it gets to a certain point . 
  france is trying to determine if she has passed that point or not . 
  but they are unable to proceed whilst she has immunity . 
  therefore they have requested that immunity be revoked .
