  a jury and judge will determine that - one of french origin . 
  that is n't me backing out , btw - check all my other posts here if you like . 
  i * am * / u/dfslkjbnltalrvlxdguh ;-), 
   this sounds like a bogus slippery slope argument to me . 
  there 's a very big difference between genocide incitements and what le pen did . 
  they 're not really remotely alike at all . 
  `` stupid levels , beyond what lepen is doing . '', 
  - i made that very clear . 
  it was hyperbolic in nature to demonstrate a point which was made in the next bit   is n't her immunity based on french law also ? 
  french laws as they pertain to her position as a mep , yes . 
  those particular immunity laws do allow this prosecution . 
  essentially , if france was not in the eu at all , they would have prosecuted her already . 
  the only reason she has not been prosecuted is because under mep rules , she has immunity for this particular charge . 
  if this was someone else , and not lepen , she would be the * first * in line to say the european parliament has * no right * to tell france , as a sovereign nation , who they can and can not prosecute for violation of french laws by a french national in france . 
  she would say the eu is overstepping its bounds and taking control away from france 's sovereign and inalienable right to decide it 's own justice . 
  would you disagree with that assertion ? 
  how has the eu council interfered in an election ? 
  how has the european parliament ( the thing that you mean ) interfered in an election ? 
  it 's a `` test case '' level charge . 
  we wo n't know if it 's thin or not until the decision . 
  it 'll set a precedent , that is for sure , either way . 
   the point is : if she was a staunch eu defender , would they have lifted it ? 
  i would like to think so . 
  from a legal point of view , everything is correct and by the numbers . 
  i would hope so . 
  if merkel herself did this , i would hope that any laws governing it would be applied equally . 
  we will never know - because there * is * potential legal avenue here . 
  as such , it wo n't be revealed , the motivations . 
  the eu has nothing to do with it . 
  as they get more attention and say and do more outrageous stuff , that will happen . 
  trump learned this the hard way last month . 
   there 's been heaps of occasions where people have been sharing pictures of dead person . 
  one such example is the nice attack . 
  i am not aware of anyone being sued for sharing such pictures . 
   but i 've been living abroad for a while now so there might have been some cases i am not aware of . 
  and if they 've posted those from twitter or similar , in france , and if someone makes a complaint about it , it 'll get arrested and invesitgated under the same laws . 
  it 's also important to remember context . 
  sharing a picture of a dead body might be fine . 
  what if you share that picture of a dead body but put writing over it that says `` they are coming for you , next ! '' ? 
  i know lepen did n't do that exactly , but do you see a difference in intent and context ? 
  what if they show the same picture and add `` they 're coming for you next - and we have to stop them ! '' ? 
  what if they say `` they 're going to kill you . 
  you know what you have to do . '', 
  another way to look at it is if you go to a jewish hollocaust museam - you will see pictures of dead bodies etc. 
  fair enough . 
  what if there 's a twitter account with a nazi flag as its symbol and its tag is @fuckthekykes and all it does is spam pictures of dead jews all day long ? 
  that does n't directly answer your question , but i hope it gives a bit of background to the idea behind why this could be happening . 
  i do n't think france has issues with sexuality mate ;-) it was an example a similar theme - the `` morality '' of it . 
  sex , violence , drugs etc - all of those have degrees of acceptableness in day to day social situations . 
  slaughter houses exist . 
  people work in them . 
  but if you took videos of what goes on and went around small children putting it in their faces and stuff , you 'd end up in some trouble . 
  where the line is drawn , i have no clue . 
  sex - naked stuff - artwork and stuff is normally fine . 
  porn is legal . 
  people can have orgies if they want lol . 
  however you ca n't do that in the middle of the street at 3pm outside a school or tourist attraction . 
  you can do it at home . 
  what about with the curtains open ? 
  what about with the curtains open and the lights on in the living room ? 
  all those have been prosecuted and had test cases on . 
  it 's the same with violence and killing . 
  documentaries of ww2 are legal - many of us have seen people being executed in such films . 
  again , though , you ca n't suddenly swap to that sort of footage ( or perhaps an isis video ) on a platform that kids can access . 
  where 's the line ? 
  i do n't know . 
  but that last one is the bit lepen is going to be dealing with , combined with the added idea of inciting racial hatred or something along those lines . 
   how often has parliamentary privilege been revoked ? 
  i 'm not sure that it has , or even been * attempted * in recent times . 
  the closest i 'm aware of is just kicking galloway out the chambers for being a nuisance . 
  and even then it does n't come close to a revoking of anything . 
  may i ask who it is you believe is behind that sentiment ? 
  who is the `` we '' in that sentence ? 
  that sounds about right , to be honest , as in the uk . 
  it relies on wording such as `` causes offence '' or `` public outrage '' . 
  well . . what 's `` offence ? 
  '' , what is `` outrage '' ? 
  in fact , what is `` public '' ? 
  do they mean a single member of the public or do you need 100 complaints or 50 % of the populations etc ? 
  and so you get test cases . 
  the lepen one is a test case . 
  it could go either way . 
   i do n't even think the british parliament can waive it ? 
  they can , it 's a privilege rather than a right . 
  although to do so you 'd need a majority of mps to vote to remove their right to protected free speech or a joint parliamentary hearing or something would need to overrule it . 
  the speaker certainly ca n't revoke it on their own . 
  but they can throw people out of parliament ( see george galloway ) if they abuse it too much . 
  galloway just went on a 10 minute rant heh , it 's quite funny actually : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1txpkkqa5su, 
   yes i know . 
  i believe alot of people here can agree with me or agree to disagree with me that it is ridiculous to persecute someone based on sharing pictures informing people on the reality of syrian civil war and the human rights violations isis commits . 
  that my friend is called censorship . 
  but she is n't being prosecuted for `` sharing pictures to inform people '' , the argument is she is sharing pictures in order to rile up the population and make them hate and fear muslims and refugees . 
  that 's the distinction . 
  it 's a legal one . 
  it might be a thin one . 
  but it is the distinction that is being used and has successfully been argued in the ep . 
  now it 's up to france to decide whether or not to prosecute her . 
  they 've not prosecuted her , by the way . 
  they just want the * ability * to . 
  not unreasonable in my view .
