does this also include the annexion of baltics and attempetd annexion of finland or just poland ? 
  the title is not misleading , did you even read the article . 
  it 's exactly as it says , russian backed luhansk republic made it punishable by 2,5 year prison sentence to be gay . 
  if you had actually read the article you 'd know this but anything that says the rebels are n't saints is obviously anti russian circklejerk and if someone downvotes you then it 's obviously downvoting bridage and not the fact that you 're comment makes no sense and you start insulting people in civilised conversiation . 
  what are you talking about ? 
  you make a claim , i say it 's not true and then suddenly i 'm a thief . 
  if you ca n't have normal converstaion then just leave , otherwise please explain how i 'm `` dexterous crook '' for pointing a mistake in your comment . 
  russian backed government , not russian backed law . 
  yes , editorilazed headline but still not misleading one . 
  how so ? 
  pretty spot on if you ask me . 
  how to piss off the finns 1 . 
  call them swedes 2 . 
  call them russians 3 . 
  say sauna is the stupidest thing ever 4 . 
  run from angry mob, 
  first under swedens rule untill 1809 then russia took us , 1917 independence from russia , 1918 civil war , 1939-1940 winter war and 1941-1944 continuation war against soviet union , 1944-1945 lapland war against germany , cold war trying not to anger the soviets while being western country and then 1995 joining to eu . 
  thats finlands histrory as short as you can get it . 
  this is scary , not for the finns but for the russians . 
  the last time russia thouhgt that finland wanted to join them it left 1.2 million russians dead or wounded . 
  he was working in counterintelligence to prevent spies from entering estonia . 
  so it 's bit hard for people to think that estonia would send someone working for counterinteligence to russia to spy . 
  2 things . 
  one , when did anyone say about making swedish compulsory for for 8 year olds ? 
  second , finland did n't join varzaw pact . 
  yeah . 
  nazis , communists , fasist revolutionists . 
  no need to come here . 
  [ this ] ( https://np.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/3kdxzy/migrants_on_train_towards_germany_chant_martyr/ ) appears to be the thread he was talking about and after restoring deleted comments this is how the conversation went . 
   revsweerev  full translation :  oh allah make their children orphans  oh allah make their wives life hard  oh allah make their children orphans  oh allah grant victory to islam and muslims everywhere  oh allah help our weakened brothers in palestine  allah akbar  their is no god but allah  the zionists are the enemy of allah  there is no god but allah  the martyrs are beloved by allah   mrmykse   great we have the video the main guy face now lets find him and deport his fucking ass . . mrmykse is the one who was banned . 
  it might be because of the `` geography now '' episode of bulgaria . 
  atleast it influenced my choice quite a lot . 
  rip eu , nice knowing you . 
  that is still over 4 times as many as last year and i do n't think well be getting fewer refugees in coming years . 
  last year finland took roughly 3600 refugees , this year the number is expected to be 40000 . 
  thats more than 10 time more than last year . 
  each refugee costs finland roughly 15000 $ so in total we would have to incriease our refugee spending by 550 milllion euros . 
  we would have to do this while having no economical growth for the past 7 years and while doing massive cuts to government spending in almost all fields just to keep us going . 
  while it would be good if we could give every refugee a good life we simply ca n't afford to do this kind of spending forever . 
  remember , this is just what would come this year alone . 
  jet fuel dries polish rivers . 
  our plan to destabilize sweden has been comromised . 
  looks like we have go with plan ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ su b, 
  how about granade with blades . 
  then it would just go trough the bad guys tennis racket . 
  thats because crimea was very specific subject that had little new information at the time and all the articls were very similiar . 
  having something as big as immigration which includes articles from range of subjects such as refugee problem in mediterian to denamrk banning kosher meat . 
  we also have lot of news about russia so by your logic we should just create a megathread where all russian realted things go since there are other things going on in europe , or maybe we should create economy megatrhead since it keeps floding the front page . 
  [ negative bond yields ? 
  expect that the rebels do n't want to join russia , as far as i understand they want ukraine to give more legistive power for the provinces and become federation . 
  you really need to get your planning permits go trough faster , 10 years is ridiclus ammount of time . 
  [ room , yes . 
  houses , no . 
  ] ( http://www.reuters.com/article/2013/10/25/us-sweden-housing-analysis-idusbre99o0kg20131025 ), 
  the fact that this megathread hase n't been updated in 2 days while admins will delete any immigration posts does show that this is n't containing but cencoring . 
  if russia were to strike we would know about it days or even weeks in advance since invading a country is n't as simple as driving tanks over the border , you need logistics and even today it takes time to get them ready . 
  ruble lost half its value last year so it makes sense when comparing last years value to current value . 
  if you want to run for the hills then thats fine , just do n't take rest of finland with you . 
  getting out of service is laughably easy , reason why only 17 were imprisoned . 
  not exactly , you serve 6 , 9 or 12 months depending what specialization you took . 
  for example , if you choose to be regular infantry soldier then you 'll serve 6 months but if you decide you want commander training you 'll serve 12 months . 
  if you 're going to keep immigration contained in these megathreads then atleast have the courtasy of updating them . 
  it 's been over a day now since you last updated this and reddits supposed to react quickly on events . 
  in 2013 estonia exported 195.6 $ million worth of fish so it would still be quite insignificant number . 
  `` - what is the difference between swedes and finns ? '' `` - the swedes have nice neighbors ! '', 
  [ this ] ( http://www.nuclearsecrecy.com/nukemap/ ) is a browser based simulation what a nuke would do in any given area with multiple choices of strenghts . 
  you 'll see heat wave , radiation levels , casaulties . 
  probably pissed off their swedish translator . 
  if you 're talking about the one with / r/pics , then you should know they ended up being fake . 
  so , you unsubscribing ? 
  so when someone stops doing voluntary work because someone fucks them up you blame the volunteer and not the one who did the fucking . 
  she 's basicly the person who single handedly kept the amas of reddit running , and now they fired her without informing anyone beforehand . 
  well / r/europe is now a default subreddit so i guess it 's kinda popular . 
  read the first two lines again . 
  finland -- the snow queen , map has elsa from frozen . 
  uncultured swines ca n't do anything right . 
   no blocking or throttling of online content , applications and services . 
   all traffic will be treated equally . 
  this means , for example , that there can be no paid prioritisation of traffic in the internet access service . 
   the new eu net neutrality rules guarantee the open internet and enable the provision of specialised or innovative services on condition that they do not harm the open internet access . 
  these are / / / iptv , high-definition videoconferencing , / / / telesurgery . 
  [ source ] ( http://europa.eu/rapid/press-release_memo-15-5275_en.htm ) , which is also the source for this article meaning arstechnica made complete bullshit story and whoever wrote this article needs to learn to read . 
  thats not anywhere near accurate . 
  you 're forgetting florida , see i know my geography . 
  well , number of people who opose nato has dropped from 65 % to 43 % and support has risen from 14 % to 26 % so theres quite large change in opinions from 2012 happening . 
  not that well be joining nato in this decade anyway , unless russia does something extremely stupid . 
  i do n't know because im not an expert , i do n't even know how they made that word in the first place . 
  i just googled the word and every source says it means nothing . 
  nothing , it 's just random words and suffixes that happen to be grammatically correct . 
  longest finnish word that actually makes sense is `` atomiydinenergiareaktorigeneraattorilauhduttajaturbiiniratasvaihde '' which means `` the turbin wheel of the cooler of the nuclear power reactor 's generator '' . 
  you honestly think there are actually people who try to make suur-suomi reality , even in the wikipedia it says that it 's practised by handfull of people and it died down after continuation war . 
  the map that i provided is basicly where finno-ugric language was spoken somewhere around 0 bc . 
  i have no idea who made the map tough because literally the only source for it , is forums of `` supreme ruler 1936 '' after someone invaded soviet union with finland . 
  you see \u00c5land on that map ? 
  because i do n't . 
  no , but [ this ] ( http://gallery.stupidfusion.com/random_pictures/1365871511484.png ) is . 
  yes , eu mutual defense clause which means that if any eu member is attacked other members would have to help them . 
  it doesnt say military help but any help , be it material or personel . 
  if russia were to invade a nordic country there 'd be declarations of war flying around quite quickly tough . 
  [ this one is the true song of finland ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zdz0sceu0-0 ),
