eserrvation, 
  old murk eye for 2 ref . 
  indiana , it took gencon away from me and i 've been bitter ever since . 
  hey israel was made as a result of the holocaust . 
  the fusion nobody wanted but everybody now needs . 
  i 'm not sure about either of the csgolotto losers but a streamer who was sponsored by csgodiamonds confirmed that they rigged their site for him repeatedly . 
  we are ? 
  i guess i 'll pack up the bandwagon, 
  very much this . 
  ls is a great guy who has managed to keep this server running without ads . 
  i can not recommend it enough . 
  kill 'em , a spy is still a spy . 
  was there , can confirm : bots are garbo . 
  it can and will , even when there already is one . 
  this ca n't possibly be fake, 
  cmon now do n't dissapoint !, 
  crunchatize me captain !, 
  i get what they were going for . 
  however , i feel like tying the countries together shows a physical aspect in international relations which is becoming less and less prominent with the advent of global communications . 
  the physical connections no longer matter , it 's the metaphysical ones that count . 
  sorry for super over analyzing a pretty cool cover this just occurred to me . 
  earn to die will surely be an impossible game to pass on the charts . 
  but undead are generally immune to staggering . 
  if they go down to 0 hp they die outright . 
  i play necromancers as often as i can because i love how they are reliant on the story to utilize their abilities to their fullest . 
  i do n't think anyone 's surprised that my pick is agent of the grave . 
  not only is secrets of death a super fun ability to mess and theorycraft with , but undeath initiate is a super flavorful way to go into lichhood or into vampirirsm . 
  all of its abilities are not only effective but also oozing with flavour . 
  very cruel, 
  or some very enthusiastic reenactors . 
  gallbladers are full of bile though . 
  they let you spit acid once consumed thanks to the satanic powers of not beliving in satan !, 
  and as we all know metal is the music of satan . 
  just as the air guitar and golden fiddle are his instruments . 
  i thought that it was saying the black reaction was better at first . 
  this is not only atrocious but confusing as well . 
  clearly she can use [ bullet punch ] ( http://bulbapedia.bulbagarden.net/wiki/bullet_punch_ ( move ), 
  more like a psycho reading, 
  hair and mane extensions . 
  the solution to all space travel . 
  no joke i still roll anal circumference to this day in the hopes that it 'll be of some use . 
  make the brand more seeable . 
  who needs conversion camps when this is here to turn me straight . 
  wait it 's not ? 
  i 've been living a colour lie my whole life !, 
  i did , and i 'm a dude with hair of a similar length . 
  you made yourswlf a flag then ? 
  / r/kangz for those who want to know more about melanin . 
  rlm confirmed for cinematic universe, 
  yeah but he is the karma whore . 
  he 's on the frontpage several times a day . 
  he even managed to get a job from it . 
  but then you ca n't wear an armored kilt , the ultimate in battle technology . 
  it fires so far to the right that it has gone full circle and works as intended . 
  you definitely need to have the right mindset and want to play a game on the slowest burn . 
  it itches the same scratch that dwarf fortress and aurora do for me . 
  i 'm 6 ' 8 '' and i still manage to be garbage . 
  so am i like garbage chad ? 
  i have a personal theory that the nras master plan is to get people to buy guns because everyone is scared of everyone else . 
  we already know the cure for fascism . 
  it 's too bad a good ol' bashing does n't work on cancer . 
  even the surface is unexplored . 
  the congo jungle is still full of unknowns in the denser areas . 
  plus it has a massive portion of the worlds uranium so there might even be mutants . 
  makes sense , trump jr. is the definition of counter intelligence . 
  the only growth this is stimulating is malignant, 
  he opened himself up to mockery the moment he took the public office of class president . 
  people find it funny when i fail aat sick skateboard tricks . 
  am i the chosen one ? 
  i think this is one of his best videos yet . 
  not because it 's terribly good in and of itself but because it 's so off the wall and i love weird niche reviews . 
  it burns, 
  i 'm autistic and ca n't do math to save my life . 
  instead i have an affinity for words . 
  i see this shit all the time in my rural wisconsin neighborhood . 
  generally they add some threat of physical violence if you say anything bad about the police . 
  got ta give it up to the og [ lich ] ( http://www.d20pfsrd.com/bestiary/monster-listings/templates/lich/ ) . 
  powerful , classic , and has the smarts to bring undead that work well against the party . 
  special shout-out to [ erum-hel ] ( https://pathfinderwiki.com/wiki/erum-hel ) the baddest mohrg around . 
  i thought bob was the head of a paramilitary organization that was trying to strong-arm youtube of its comment section, 
  those darned marijuana truthers always telling me that the blunts are flat . 
  stilletto heels in more than just name . 
  i lost one of my favorite characters to one because the dm was only targeting me . 
  it has definitely tainted my view of this monster . 
  that said it is pretty cool . 
  i 'm 6 ' 8 '' and way too unathletic for basketball . 
  the struggle is real . 
  revolution tends to work outside the law comrade . 
  even the gods are not themselves when they are hungry . 
  i personally never saw her , but my mother was one of her care givers later in life . 
  i lived near the hotel in town and saw several famous people at the time of her funeral . 
  she 's never talked too much about it what with patient confidentiality and all that . 
  she has said that , while obviously not able to make a full recovery was a very nice person who was content with her lot . 
  sorry i do n't have more , she very rarely talks about her patients . 
  this is 100 % accurate . 
  source : i 'm gay and neither i or my boyfriend have guns . 
  i thought pepe.now was a website dedicated to pepe that i missed out on . 
  i got myself hyped up for nothing :(, 
  i mean he 's only got the two but i 'm sure we can share them . 
  pauley shore since no one else will want him .
