  * smoking is n't banned in public places , but rather in closed public places . 
  closed public places consist of areas with public access ( vague ) that have some type of roof which is supported by at least 2 walls , permanent or otherwise . 
  * it also applies to workplaces ( under the same rules ) * smoking is also banned in/near playgrounds ( for children ) . 
  * they 've added electronic cigarettes to the list of tobacco based products, 
  i 'd say ukraine is your best shot these days . 
  a refugee must 've been a bruno mars lookalike . 
  optimistic : we maintain a steady 3-3 .5 % gdp growth and remain become politically stable . 
  this should raise investment interest , which in turn will lead to a chain of events that should stop the brain drain in ~ 10 years . 
  pessimistic : we get involved in some stupid conflict that ends in war , where , even if we win , we have less to gain that what we would 've gained by remaining neutral, 
  sadly , as things are evolving , there 's no neighboring land that would make us better . 
  keep clay . 
  doctors in public hospitals ( in romania ) earn very very little . 
  that 's the reason why most who go to med school here intend on emigrating from the get-go . 
  jetfighters are made to have as little weight as possible so it is n't worth the risk . 
  next time send ships pls . 
  impressed by the speed and power of the white shirt guy . 
  caught up with the idiot and took a guy twice his size down with one punch . 
  even had the agility to grab him and fall over him in one move . 
  that 's proper tehnique , he must play those violent video games that are ruining the youth, 
  it means '' look at me , i 'm edgy '' . 
  he 's using a strange dialect so it 's a rough translation . 
  i 'm glad you decided to put it lightly . 
  there are both better and worse looking places than the ones presented in the video . 
  if you want to see the worst ones , small communist cities are the place to go . 
  people started searching `` what is a macedonia '' on google . 
  if you compare the east most dark green ( that has quite a few people with hungarian erhnicity/ancestry ) with the west most dark red ( with little to no ethnic hungarians ) you 'll find that it is actually a factor . 
  it 's true that this is n't a countrywide situation , but that does n't mean it should n't be in the list . 
  the northeast hates everyone , including their own country and the black sea . 
  this is because it 's the most undeveloped part of the country and poverty is corelated with negative attitude . 
  to be fair , the region is slowly getting better and it does contain areas and cities that are exceptions ( like ia\u015fi city ) attitude towards hungary is influenced by the hungarian minority in the region , historical ties and proximity . 
  to be fair , some would call it republica ceh\u0103 , especially in formal dialogue . 
  the north , n-e , s-e has a lot of parks . 
  if you follow the lakes you 'll see some pretty big ones . 
  the south and west are traditionally poorer neighborhoods and have been constructed without regard to the free time or health of people living there . 
  the west is getting better to be fair , but the south west is just like the picture from 2009 . 
  as a sidenote , there is hope for ferentari and rahova ( s-w neighbourhoods ) . 
  10-15 years ago , colentina and pantelimon ( eastern neighbourhoods ) were considered shitholes , but they 're really nice now for the most part . 
  in cash, 
  it was triggered by greece because it had the possibility to do so after joining the eurozone . 
  i 'm not saying the euro caused it , i 'm saying the political leaders had the option to do so . 
  this means that , prior to just now hearing about the new laws that would prevent this from happening ( thank you ) , the fear that the government had the chance to fuck shit up was not unreasonable . 
  i 'm not debating whether you 're right or wrong , i was just offering an opinion . 
  [ this ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=j4_tyel84iq ) video by bloomberg is the one that comes to mind when thinking about the greek crisis . 
  i 'm happy that slovakia had a smooth transition , and maybe we 'll have the same `` luck '' if and when we decide to join . 
  regarding romania : the plan was to enter the eurozone in 2019 , but everybody knows that wo n't happen . 
  i remember people talking about 2023 or something around that . 
  people are n't exactly thrilled about the prospect of the euro and everybody seems to be pushing the date as much as possible because you do n't want to be in greece 's shoes after rushing it . 
  romania 's economy , while being the star of the eu regarding growth , has a lot to catch up . 
  it looks like we 're transitioning to the question of `` if '' we 're going to join , rather than `` when '' , and my personal opinion is that this is a better question to ask . 
  those crazy latin people with their common this and that . 
  well , off to drink vodka while squatting . 
  see you around . 
  i always thought it 's spanish for '' of slav like polan '' . 
  the difference between denmark and the baltic states is interesting . 
  positioned roughly at the same latitude , all are coastal states , avg . 
  [ elevation ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_countries_by_average_elevation ) is n't that different . 
  umm , no . 
  that cold day would only amount to , what , 0.3 % of the total days taken into consideration . 
  it wo n't affect the average . 
  when you have countless days with 10c weather ( early spring , late autumn ) , one cold summer day is irrelevant . 
  belgium is one of the worst examples for your theory . 
  greece would 've been a better example , though the conclusion would be the same . 
  ( estonia , belarus , spain also work way better ), 
  yeah . . yeah . . totally . 
  it 's not like we have a problem . 
  edit : it does get old . 
  usually people going for parties every goddamn day are either 17-21 or in their early 30s . 
  that being said , the old city , the place where this usually happens , and the clubs in bucharest are always full after 11pm . 
  while the majority does n't get shitfaced , if you go out after 6pm you will be drinking alcohol if not driving or sick . 
  to be fair , after getting shitfaced you will go for coffee at 4am , so there 's that . 
  coffee or shaorma , depending on who you are . 
  usually shaorma . 
  usually `` cu de toate '' calling the employee either `` sefule '' or `` bossule '' or if you 're really fucked up `` serifule '' or `` barosane '' . 
  9 out of 10 times you 'll ask your passed out buddy if he wants fries . 
  he does , obviusly . 
  this is from wikipedia , i have no experience of this happening . . ever . . 
  i 'm warning all the experts as we speak . 
  putin has his plate full with both internal and external conflicts . 
  he wo n't even notice . 
  i 'm waiting for you to reply to the rest of the comment . 
  you 're free to take your time , i understand some words are long . 
  i also want to congratulate you on knowing one expression in latin . 
  while that 's surely impressive , i must bring to your attention that a remark about the poster is not enough in itself to qualify as a ad hominem fallacy . 
  while using latin words to seem smart and getting the opposite result is n't rare , it 's especially funny when people use this as a desperate last resort move and fail . 
   * to you , americans do n't exist . 
  * wow good to know . 
  thank you for telling me what i think . 
  i 'm not telling you what you think . 
  i 'm using your logic to draw a conclusion . 
  that 's how debates work . 
  for example , the conclusion i draw from your reaction is that you 're either under 15 or over 30 and have never been in a medium where debates happen and no punches are thrown . 
  this saddens me greatly , as i know that having an under average level of knowledge or understanding of how things work in the world is often not the fault of the individual , but of the environment . 
   no they 're what they identify as , so most are americans that 's not how that works . 
  you ca n't identify as german as long as germany is winning the world cup and then be spanish because some parade is coming up . 
  there 's no such thing as * cis * american ( or any other cisthing ) . 
  they 're what their id tells them even if their mother 's father 's dog was polish . 
   there was no `` land aspect '' . 
  i never mentioned land . 
  the land aspect is something that must be mentioned in this kind of conversation as it 's the root of other beliefs . 
  should the land aspect not exist , this conversation would have never started .
