  in lithuania draft was called a `` lottery '' ( so randomly basically ) . 
  but it happened that they managed to fill all the spots by volunteers . 
  lack of solidarity across eu is really sad . 
  headscarf seems like a tattoo . 
  if you have it too visible you will have a hard time getting a good first impression on some white collar jobs . 
  can we get more info on mr.putins private army ? 
  so muslims are less conservative ? 
  sad thing is germany did n't open itself for eastern european workers ( when we are in the same union ) as britain , norway or spain did . 
  as many of them went with one thing in their minds - earn money . 
  work hard and get paid . 
  i do understand that there were criminals between them , but definitely no terrorists . 
  and now they have no problem employing people outside europe with cultures and religions that somewhat incompatible with western lifestyle . 
  quite a proper punishment i guess, 
  well , to be honest it really hard to speculate these things . 
  even war in ukraine ( which is neither member of nato nor of eu ) created quite a lot of turbulence in european affairs . 
  attack on nato member could have unforeseeable consequences . 
  in case of scenario where nato does not retaliate ... well . . 
  i think we are talking at least about cold war v2 . 
  us reaction would mean a lot . 
  that would be a massive prestige hit for usa . 
  i think it sort of burst the idea of us as a freedom fortress . 
  alliance is based on trust . 
  if nato loses its members to foreign aggression that means the trust of mutual defence is broken . 
  nato as an alliance is no longer reliable and prestigious . 
  basically it is a way to dismantle a nato . 
  if nato fails to defend/reconquer baltics that means that the biggest anti-ussr/modern russia alliance collapses . 
  that would be a historical geopolitical win for mr.putin . 
  i agree . 
  in lithuania banks are owned by nordic countries . 
  even our social structure is tried to steer towards nordic model . 
  the reason why i have created facebook was that i would be able to communicate with my brother , who was living in other country at that time . 
  he was my only friend on it and we would write these open letters on each others facebook walls . 
  i ca n't recall what year was it , but it was quite a beginning of facebook . 
  none of my lithuanian friends used it and many of them had n't even heard about it . 
  then bit by bit more people of my circle joined fb . 
  nowdays , i do n't even know why i have it . 
  i have a couple of friends and brother whom i chat or call though steam nowdays . 
  fb is this drama newspaper about things that do n't matter . 
  you add these `` friends '' that you never make contacts after graduation and i do n't really care who married who . 
  who bought what shoes or whatever . 
  i guess i could count on one hand how many `` chats '' i had through facebook . 
  i guess that just me . 
  basically i use fb only to contact my landlord ... is there a possibility to delete fb ? 
  or do they just ` freeze ' your account ? 
  haha , best answer i 've read today . 
  so ... what 's the general view on lithuanians ? ... 
  that 's more like : `` hey bitch , i want my f ****** seeds . 
  well in lithuanian language it 's rumunija, 
  wow jeez . 
  this poured over the top ... 
  while estonians are n't balts . 
  estonia is a baltic state . 
  baltic states meaning the region . 
  like benelux ( not super correct here but ... ) or balkans used . 
  it is geographical term . 
  the driver just might break the law here . 
  either way , great picture . 
  commonwealth stronk !, 
  luxembourg is the best ^ ^, 
  currently , i am reading a book by eric schlosser `` command and control '' . 
  it is a book about this subject . 
  nuclear safety , nuclear accidents though 20th century , difficulty in keeping command and control structure in case of nuclear strike , political and military considerations on `` escalated '' and `` total '' nuclear war, 
  this is school type of shit . 
  it 's just some silly pop song contest where all the songs are dumb and meaningless . 
  these nutters in ua and ru should cool their heads off . 
  how do you think this could be done ? 
  do you think a coup is a good decision ? 
  that would make russian very unstable for quite a while . 
  and this is dangerous for region and the world . 
  i think this could be attributed to french colonial past . 
  over the long history white french got used to people from africa , northern africa , south east asia . 
  for an outsider , racism in france does n't seem to be a country dividing factor . 
  turkey is increasing a threat level . 
  yeah and one of the traits of entrepreneurship is that you 'll probably fail several times before doing something meaningful . 
  nice hats, 
  yeah , i just do n't get those eurosceptics in the east . 
  i mean west europe is pulling all the weight ( migrants , terrorism , internal populism , helping eastern economies ) and criticism and some politicians in the east whine about `` their sovereignty '' . 
  there is no kgb that would transport you to laptev sea . 
  enjoy modernisation of your countries !, 
  it is not easy to catch up after 45 years of inefficient governing . 
  thank you we for your contribution . 
  yeah , days before internet and computer . 
  these kids had a really good childhood . 
  orange people . 
  trump should like you, 
  i wish it was possible to be neutral for us ... 
  man . . you have to be one of the most badass to wear red or blue . 
  probably you are already a capo of a group . 
  underdogs wear black . 
  very good point . 
  so the new lingua franca is going to be french !, 
  damn , in 2050 i will ( almost ) be in that 30 % . 
  yes , it was a restoration of independence in 1990 ,, 
  that 's like commanders shepherd 's description from mass effect, 
  kremlin engineered some new type of political influence scheme, 
  what do you mean ? 
  soviets actually were moving people from the countryside to cities . 
  that is some outright fascism towards ukraine . 
  i think we have to agree that there wo n't be wilderness in the middle of europe . 
  i do think that with current situation the demographic face of the country will change .
