  there is no short term solution for emigration . 
  if politicians be serious about issues of emigration they would realize that they need a plan of at least several years ahead to contain the people drain . 
  now , i am against any forced restrictions on migration inside eu . 
  i think it is a natural process of movement that is driven by socio-economic premises . 
  if authorities continue to not care about these on-going processes they will reach a point in time when they will be forced to lax immigration laws just because of the demographic imbalance that will impede any further development of the country . 
  according to your hpothesis we will be having a vacuum in ltu ? 
  i guess you would like north korean type of border control or what ? 
  so liberty and ability to choose your life path is no longer a value ? 
  we should hope that money wont sink into someones pocket ( being aware of corruption levels in ua ) but reach the places of devastation . 
  well , military must be ready when the civilians are least ready . 
  and military must calculate what could happen , even if it never would . 
  in addition , comparing raw numbers of equipment regarding military is not quite right . 
  it is n't linear like that . 
  political decisions , military technology and military doctrines add a layer of strategy on pure numbers of combat vehicles . 
  well , france and uk and later france-germany were arch-rivals/enemies for most of the history since fall of roman empire . 
  but now there is no military tension between them . 
  i understand that there are no permanent alliances but generally speaking it is possible for russia to join west . 
  i was a bit under the rock regarding the different amazon 's different branches . 
  so i guess amazon.de is the answer now ? 
  so , would i be still able to buy from amazon.co.uk ? 
  fiat ?!!!, 
  definitely not fiat , no way . 
  only some businesses buy fiats to transport merchandise . 
  and even that is very rare . 
  i do agree on demographics . 
  but emigration is complicated subject . 
  this touches subjects from lithuanian pessimistic mentality to things like corruption and disappointment of institutions . 
  now on eu and nato . 
  ltu is a really small nation . 
  that means we do not posses industry , population , resources or territory to be completely independent on a global stage . 
  we decided to go the democratic way with western european values . 
  to ensure safety and development long term we joined nato . 
  eu was a step towards deeper integration . 
  personally , i see no problem with brussels . 
  what laws exactly do you feel are bad for our country ? 
  eu funded our roads , renovation of our commie block appartments , huge investments in technology and r&d , eu law funded recycling programs , nature preservation and etc. 
  now it 's not sunshine and rainbows for eu and eurozone , but i hope we can stay together . 
  god bless those people who stood there . 
  they gave freedom to our generation . 
  now it is our turn to take matters in our hands . 
  quite a lot of people hang historical flag instead of tricolour during various national celebrations . 
  personally , i like historical flag more . 
  the way our flag is composed ( yellow-green-red ) is quite uncommon among european flags . 
  fake tits . 
  this is sad . 
  putin 's rule pushed domestic and social development into regression . 
  mr. v.p. 
  endorsed all kinds of pseudo-patriots ( idiots ) around himself , just to look reasonable in a sea of militant radicals . 
  over the years he created the system that ridicules and derogates anyone who oppose it . 
  this system locked in any social protest ( by crackdowns , arrests , use of right wing `` skinheads '' , extensive internal security force ) . 
  no critical mass can be gathered to topple the regime . 
  and people have no alternative to vp because there is no true political opposition . 
  the vacuum of power could tear the country appart . 
  why they did n't take paris ? 
  red banner must fly high over the eiffel tower !, 
  nature already built a wall for you . 
  frog eating people live beyond the wall . 
  very interesting idea !, 
  yea , uniforms are the reason why i play axis when i play some video game . 
  but i guess there might be some pattern . 
  it starts as an ordinary `` pretty '' girl cover then goes into bondage type of girl cover and ends into vanilla stuff again . 
  maybe an art director has changed over the time . 
  some of them are really kinky, 
  i think `` mantas '' and `` tomas '' , `` andrius '' should be on the list . 
  at least they were very ubiquitous for born late 80 's early 90 's, 
  if you are a true refugee , once you left a country like syria , there is no coming back . 
  by the time war ends and economy starts to spin again , that family would probably be already well accommodated in a host country . 
  okay , i missed that i guess fair enough then . 
  i was wrong . 
  what i want to say is that they are hypocrites . 
  okay , then they should also mock their own shootings ? 
  did they ? 
  or that was n't that fun to cartoon about ? 
  while i personally do n't like their style but expressing their opinion might be tolerable . 
  but the cartoons after crash of russian plane with choir and journalists were really disrespectful . 
  i mean you can criticise propoganda , journalists articles or whatever . 
  but just mocking the death of people is beyond me . 
  you guys embrace them already, 
  it 's basically a conflict of interests . 
  `` lithuanian railways '' has an interest in working with lithuanian contractors , so the money circulates between the local companies . 
  some of them already work with lr and want part of the pie . 
  so they lobby for lr to stay stiff on the deal . 
  warm temperature melts alcohol casings in british body and they become drunk . 
  yeah that argument pisses me off too . 
  this argument implies that only su can bring industrialisation . 
  if we were n't victims of central planing , absolutely rotten political system , we might have lived like denmark or finland now . 
  what do you use to heat home and offices ? 
  natural gas ? 
  solid fuel like peat briquettes or some oil products ? 
  how much does the heating cost ? 
  do you feel comfortable at you office ? 
  i guess some lithuanians are on it . 
  substituted european language courses in member states cities 2 . 
  eu owned tv channel . 
  introduce more detailed eu and nato history lessons in classes and universities . 
  create eu sports teams . 
  at first regional maybe . 
  have some entertainment championship . 
  ( because it would n't be legal to participate in now existing champs ) . 
  we need to feel more like a citizens of europe before we could advance as a union .
