why do luxembourg and portugal are so supportive of eu army ? 
  it seems they do n't have any threats around . 
  it takes a special kind of person to shoot someone up-close not an average joe . 
  the biggest problem , in my opinion , is the lack of substance ( content ) under the term `` european values '' or `` european culture '' or `` european citizen '' . 
  it feels like it is only a shell , a facade , that mainstream politicians are trying to put upfront . 
  the values that europe brings are too unspecific , they could be applied to any civilised nation ( liberty , freedom of speech , human life , etc. ) . 
  that void is a problem . 
  a lot of people from different nations ca n't feel connected to something that does n't feel `` natural '' to them . 
  national culture , cuisine , language , history , historical figures and heroes will always sway to the nationalistic attitude . 
  so this void is filled with nationalistic , isolationist politicians . 
  and this limbo economic situation adds to all that . 
  continent is too partitioned into myriad of ideas and perspectives that is very hard to unite under one banner ... 
  clown, 
  to be honest i remember only one politician who was sentenced and jailed for bribery - audrius butkevi\u010dius . 
  and it still is kind of muddy story . 
  it seems that politicians can get away with corruption without being punished . 
  law does n't work the same to all , unfortunately . 
  the file could spend years in the court and still wo n't be resolved . 
  i think this goes both ways , unfortunately . 
  if you watch russian tv they constantly live on war thematics , geopolitical struggle . 
  they increased paramilitary organisation popularity , wargames , increased spending on military inudstrial complex , readines for extreme situations for civilians , documentaries about russian military equipment . 
  so what would be your offer ? 
  i mean they start to bully any country that oppose their view . 
  then they create these crisis around neighbours to keep them on a short leese . 
  it 's hard to nagotiate when other side always act from a position of power . 
  much sarcasm eh ? 
  the way russia is led now is some orthodox mysticism paired with nationalism . 
  rf always wants to have a grip on ee or other neighbours becauae it is their `` right '' . 
  that is alien and hostile to us . 
  i dont want to live in a country where free word is met with bullet or a jail . 
  russia had 25 years for building a friendly relationship based on shared human values . 
  but instead putin built an authoritarian state run by fear and disregard for freedom . 
  i do n't want any of that in my country . 
  we still struggle with nagative burdens that country has after soviet union . 
  my medical reasons prevent that . 
  problem is that syrian war is us and russia 's stand off and they do n't take refugees . 
  maybe us cherry pick some of them . 
  but then you get the argument of restricted movement across eu . 
  that principle of equality being broken . 
  this will be seen as an forced resettlement . 
  and if refuges or economic migrants are n't satisfied with their living conditions and ca n't move away , you have a problem of radicalism , social instability , etc. 
  i 'm happy to have our german allies as a leading coalition force here in lithuania . 
  thanks for support and cooperation . 
  but the key word here is `` train '' . 
  you need guidance and field practice on things like first aid , weapon control , unconventionial warfare . 
  yes , i did . 
  do you really think that a book can make you a resisstance fighter ? 
  i dont think this can help . 
  it 's like training martial arts from a comic book . 
  if you ever seen full metal jacket you will see that even boot caml ca n't prepare you for a war . 
  could you please elaborate on what is post modernist politics ? 
  thanks . 
  he is n't pimp enough, 
  the way our `` delfi and facebook '' elites reacted to the win of peasant union was disgusting . 
  pretending that conservatives or liberals would save the day is just some pipe dream . 
  and the way mr.g.landsbergis acted was just way too arrogant and hot headed . 
  we call it \u010cekija . 
  you should be in us presidential administration . 
  as i said earlier , until usa and russia cooperates in space no need to dramatise anything . 
  when they stop co-op then it might be that shit hit the fan . 
  well , you see folks there is no global warming/s, 
  that is some christian religious fundamentalism right there ... 
   the baltics countries were allies to the germans ( which made sense , given the prior invasion by the su ) , so it only makes sense that the wehrmacht had n't committed atrocities there . 
  well ... they did , actually ... https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/the_holocaust_in_lithuania, 
  it seems to me ( from these and other photographs ) that belorussian city streets are very clean and public areas are well taken care of . 
  i personally have n't been in by but that 's how it looks like . 
  yes , i agree his support for labour code is n't a left wing policy as a green party goes . 
  yea , we need more people with that way of thinking . 
  our parents did their part , now we need to continue to develop the country further . 
  it is n't really that bad . 
  i do think we can do better but everything needs to be done in small steps . 
  voting on sunday is one of them . 
  very important actually . 
  well , you can vote for `` true '' green party ( as they imply ) with linas balsys then . 
  so , maybe the navigation systems/computers went off ? 
  i think vrk and mr. vaigauskas did not anticipate that so many people would vote in advance . 
  i think it has something to do with ttip or ceta . 
  yea , i voted yesterday . 
  it was really messy . 
  at least there were crowds of people , so maybe we might get something moving here in our politics . 
  i complete agree with you, 
  because there is a narrative in russia that this country is surrounded by enemies that wish to destroy , humiliate it . 
  that facilitates nationalism . 
  one of the benefits of ex-soviet bloc . 
  we have migrant repellent all over us . 
  that is very harsh , man ... 
  i think we should save them but instead bringing them back into europe , just sail them back to the coast of the country they left from . 
  100 years ago 1916 france and germany were at the bloodiest war . 
  i guess 2116 europe will look very different . 
  maybe even russia changes ... 
  hah , so not much to complain as a lithuanian about economy being not so great here . 
  even e.germany lags behind to its western counterpart . 
  invest in eastern ( insert country name ) seems legit . 
  well done, 
  we should only worry when cooperation between us and russia cease to exist in space . 
  ( international space station ) . 
  then the shit would be real . 
  here is just a diplomatic stand-off . 
  did he divorce his wife after that photo scandal with pictures ? 
  aliens prohibit arming the space ...  puts tin foil hat,
