  i am sad that word `` trolling '' now means some political shit rather then satirical/humorous joke . 
  and they even poisoned j.r.r. 
  the pronunciation and writing of french language are so different . 
  it 's funny that i can only look at these words without an idea how to pronounce them . 
  well a lot of sportsmen point their fingers that way during photo shoot as an expression . 
  usually when they 've won . 
  hmm i wonder would it be possible to buy 10 years old bugatti from a dealer in ee . 
  is it true that many different branches/sects of christianity came up in us ? 
  seems to me that in europe we mainly have lutherans , catholics , calvinists , orthodox . 
  i see no difference between killing on christmas week and killing on a ordinary week . 
  terrorism is a crime . 
  a very serious crime . 
  it 's not about the size . . 
  hah . . these ussr apartments look so alike . 
  if nobody told me i could say this could be taken in one of the neighbourhoods in a city/town i live in . 
  just please , i want american parking lot besides my apartment block . 
  these communist apartments backyards are super small . 
  people park cars on the grass and still cars are stuffed like fish in a can . 
  if you ban it - it does n't exist anymore . 
  lithuanian men are samurais . 
  we are not afraid of ending our lives . 
  ... yay ... 
  sometimes it looks that kadyrov almost blackmail v.putin . 
  but having chechnya under control is important for a lot of things . 
  ok , fair enough, 
  but their rethoric are quite the same . 
  i do agree that he ( zhir ) is a `` professional '' and has been doing this political show for a long time . 
  but the trump presidency is also a protest vote ( against `` crooked '' politicians ) . 
  seems like kadyrov imposed some iron rule over there . 
  and it works ... still . 
  zhirinovsky is a trump version of rf . 
  next president of rf will be either mr.v . 
  putin or someone else from federal security bureau / united russia . 
  i really hope france wo n't turn away from european project . 
  that would be last nail in the eu coffin . 
  we need a reforming france but not the one that walks away the table . 
  well , that is like clear east vs west cold war map . 
  well , to me personally alcohol taxation is not big of an issue . 
  the amount of beer ( or spirits for that matter ) i drink does n't really hurt my wallet much . 
  in lithuania it seems that beer cost will rise significantly in a near future due to reforms from the current parliament . 
  but how do we protect ourselves from things that have a side effects on any sector of life or on the free market , about which lobbyist will stay silent ? 
  i mean it is in their interest to push something . 
  so they basically work like marketing department to government ? 
  how is it that lobbyists are legal at all ? 
  if we will ever reach federal euroope level , we must make italy to have a fast/street food megacorporation so instead eating at mc ` donalds we would eat at giovanni 's their delicious italian cuisine . 
  yeah , blatant corruption is the biggest `` soft '' threat to baltic states . 
  bit by bit lt and lv might deal with `` briefcase full of cash '' mentality . 
  the hand pyramid of evil contemplation / s, 
  could someone explain the differences between each type of civil law traditions , please ? 
  to fellow russian redditors : does this really happen in rf or is it just an western counter-propoganda ( click-bait ) titles ? 
  i mean usual r/europe titles . 
  hmm . . never knew that georgians were considered highly educated and literate ( do n't take it as an offence ) nice map overall . 
  good resolution, 
  is this the same marine corps general ? 
  i remember reading about him in no true glory by bing west . 
  he was in charge of fallujah operation . 
  seems like a true professional . 
  english + russian is the most popular combination here in ltu . 
  russian language was a big advantage in business market before all this eastern crisis . 
  next is english + german , and there are some english + french classes ( but they are in minority ), 
  big white brick houses were common in lithuania in the end of 80s and beginning of 90s , too . 
  now they are real headache for owners because of bad planing ( big hallways , massive staircases , too many rooms ) and sub par thermal isolation they cost a ton to heat them during cold periods of the year . 
  also it cost fortune to finish them in terms of finishing interior . 
  latvia 's border does n't end anywhere, 
  may i ask what those `` certain situations '' are ? 
  so why just not brexit ? 
  i mean whole europe ( except nigel ) sees that british politicians do n't want to do it . 
  just continue the way it was . 
   no hard feelings . 
  that would n't help . 
  it is easy to circumvent this . 
  yes , defence is the new offence . 
  it is trending in 21st century . 
  ukraine , georgia , afghanistan , iraq , syria those are all defensive operations on foreign soils ... 
  the current situation is a dead end if no real global decisions will be made . 
  it is a defence budget not an offence . 
  why are you worried ? 
  well right wing is all about family values , patriotism , tradition , national culture , careful reforms , yes ? 
  sounds all good to me . 
  slavic and aryan ? 
  according to one man ... that is not compatible . 
  i think congress is being controlled by republicans now ? 
  or is it ? 
  it seems that a lot of people got employed . 
  if true - well done germany . 
  so now an illuminati is no longer the globalist lizard people but ultra-nationalists that want to divide and control the world , amirite ? 
  or the lizard people will restore the new world order ( former nwo for that matter ) / s, 
  partly , yes . 
  however , there is also a feeling that you are part of the european community . 
  i think this stems from being on the `` wrong side of the iron curtain '' . 
  no borders is great for business . 
  when company i work for ships products to ukraine , russia or central asia there a tons of documents that must be prepared and customs will try to find any reason to hold the cargo . 
  also unified regulations is also good for buisiness and growth . 
  there is some truth to that i guess . 
  my friend worked at the company that manufacture and install windows . 
  so he and 2 other colleagues took a van full of windows , drove to the uk , installed those windows and got home . 
  somehow it was profitable for the lithuanian company to work like that . 
  better yet , why the hell there is -24 on the scale which depicts august in italy ? 
  italian food is great . 
  just a bit too expensive usually .
