  haha wow my iphone totally autocorrected that for me !, 
  interesting , i did n't know zimmer meant room . 
  yeah , i figured that your theaters would provide subtitles , just did n't wan na come to any conclusions seeing as i 've never seen a movie in the netherlands haha . 
  come on over here to [ arizona ] ( http://www.bridgepugliausa.it/images/art_gallery/2016414154821.jpg ) you can get a mix of snow and desert in one , 
  definitely !, 
  if you 're a fan of music in film ( scores ) then you will love it , this is hans summer at his best . 
  only negative of the film is i could n't really understand what they were saying at times , but aside from that it was great . 
  are you using gnarly in a good context ? 
  new york city , chicago , wisconsin , massachusetts , pennsylvania all have huge polish populations , all of those places are prettty cool places to call home . 
  polish americans have done very well here . 
  the poles have done a great job at integrating while still preserving their culture within their families . 
  after seeing this film , i can totally see why the french critics were n't all that keen on it lol, 
  you 're doing yourself a huge disfavor by not seeing this movie . 
  it was phenomenal . 
  there is a huge difference between having an issue with someone from a major city vs. having something in common with someone from a major city . 
  london might be an exception , but do you honestly believe you have more in common with a frenchman who was born and raised in paris than to an american who was born and raised in ithaca ? 
  i live in la and i think that i would have more in common with someone from nappa or carmel as opossed to someone from prague or madrid . 
  it 's fine , i was just down voted too ( getting into the negative numbers now ) because of my first response of saying that the usa has racist pockets , but as a whole is n't racist . 
  yet when others say stupid shit like `` racism in germany is nonexistent '' it gets up voted out the ass . 
  got ta love when foreigners who have never once stepped foot in my country downvote me because they disagree with me . 
  [ almost nonexistent ] ( http://www.huffingtonpost.com/fatmata-abusenesie/a-foreigner-in-my-own-cou_b_6698956.html ) ? 
  i have family that lives in dahlem , so i 've been to germany around 4 times thus far , to say racism in germany is almost nonexistent is quite the exaggeration . 
  sure it 's not as prevalent as in other western countries , but it 's still there . 
  haha true , and also gay if that adds anything to the conversation too , i just get tired of saying `` as a half black guy '' because i feel like i 'm being that guy ... but you do have a point !, 
  also , the fact that he is getting up voted for his comment is fucking baffling to me . 
  the amount of over-exaggerated/ignorant viewpoints/and sweeping generalizations about the usa that are sometimes spewed out on this sub is astonishing . 
  very racist ? 
  there are racist pockets , but as a whole , i believe this is not a racist country . 
  where are you from if you do n't mind me asking ? 
  you 're more than welcome to come to `` ask an american '' about how lithuania is viewed here . 
  i love when people from other countries post questions like that . 
  how is asking how europeans view certain aspects of america stroking ones ego ? 
  especially given that the responses are rarely flattering lol . 
  these questions stem from curiosity much more than ego boosting . 
  that 's fair , unless they are afrikaners . 
  i 'd say those two countries have a more similar accent than americans/canadians & australia/nz . 
  ca n't speak for other european countries , but i do n't think the relationship between the usa and the uk will never be like that , 
  i watched a bbc documentary about being black in the uk and they showed them marching through the streets saying `` hands up do n't shoot '' to the police . 
  i found it kinda comical seeing as none of the police officers had guns and the police were n't showing any aggression towards the protesters whatsoever . 
  woah dude , you seriously need to chill out haha . 
  i guess the better question is , you seriously want the relationship with europe and the usa to be like that of europe and argentina ? 
  also , i 'm kind of wondering who thinks that europe is similar to the usa because that 's not a common belief over here . 
  lmao you honestly believe that europe 's relationship with the usa is similar to that of argentina ? 
  lmao you honestly believe that europe 's relationship with the usa is similar to that of argentina ? 
  i love hearing spaniards speak english , their accents sound so cute . 
  hahahaha ... i hate sweet things though , and much prefer savory so i 'm not the best american to base sweetness off of . 
  root beer is insanely sweet and tastes very different from coke and dr. pepper . 
  root beer floats are so good though . 
  thanks for the informative reply . 
  yeah us movie selection is pretty bad too in my opinion , that 's why i use amazon prime for movies . 
  we get a lot of the original netflix shows of u.k. 
  origin , chewing gum is for sure the most popular u.k. netflix show out here . 
  this surprises me , is it your tv series or movie selection that 's lacking ? 
  the u.k. 
  still gets all of the netflix original shows though , right ? 
  might be a stupid question , but i figured i 'd ask . 
  haha i feel that . 
  my mom is fluent , i speak kinder deutsch , as my mom calls it lol . 
  i never took german in school seeing as mine did n't offer it . 
  i do n't have a strong affinity to germans , but i really respect the country and it 's people . 
  i 'm half black and half white and refer to myself as mulatto . 
  many mixed people in the us are using that term more and more . 
  i do n't find it to be racist , it 's nice to have a specific word to describe your specific group other than just `` mixed '' or `` half '' seeing as being half black/white is a difference experience than being half white/asian , ect . 
  i have family that still lives in germany so i grew up going quite a bit . 
  loved german culture and germany in general . 
  my opinion on germans drastically changed once i started going on reddit . 
  it seemed as if every.single.time . 
  something negative and insanely rude was said about americans the person was german . 
  even on this sub , it 's the germans who love to throw shade at the us . 
  i finally took a step back and realized how ridiculous i was being by basing a whole country off of redditors who just happen to be from germany . 
  yes, 
  i traveled from central italy to northern itlay . 
  italians from central italy were soooo awesome . 
  thought this would be the same in northern italy , nope ... those people can be smug af . 
  really ?? 
  i 've been to germany and i did not get that experience at all . 
  germans on reddit seem to be pretty smug , but the germans i met in germany were all down to earth/awesome . 
  i recently did a 9 city trip throughout europe and i definitely found the dutch to be the most smug . 
  holly crap this thread is making me so uncomfortable haha, 
  absolutely . 
  being followed around in stores , contrary to popular belief this has n't happened to me in the usa so i was shocked when it started happening to me in europe . 
  in italy someone screamed `` dirty monkey '' at my friends father 3 . 
  a woman in german called my mom a dirty pig for producing me and pointed at me ... granted she was old 4 . 
  at a pub watching a game , i was shocked and i mean shocked at the racist banter that was said by white people referring to the black players . 
  the stares ... good lord the stares . 
  now maybe this is not racist , but i found it so odd that people would stare at me and my family like we were aliens . 
  i also felt kinda odd being the only black/half black person at parties , restaurants , ect . 
  i 'm used to living in cities that are at least 30 % black , so it was very odd when people stared at me and wanted to touch my hair . 
  i legit had people tell me that `` they do n't date black guys '' while i was in europe . 
  i understand that this is a personal preference but no one has ever said that to me in the usa or canada so that came as a complete shock . 
  casual racist things my german family would say about minorities was pretty shocking , but i guess you get that anywhere . 
  as you know europe is big so this was not the case all over . 
  for instance i experienced zero racism during my time in the uk , denmark , and france . 
  poland is for sure now , especially after how they reacted when trump came to speak lol . 
  i 've literally heard my right wing family start to say things like `` god bless the poles '' and `` thank god for poland '' . 
  switzerland is wired because it 's praised by both conservatives and liberals . 
  i hate guns and gun culture too and i 'm from arizona of all places . 
  most of my friends are indifferent to guns . 
  growing up , i only saw 3 guns in my whole life ( all of which were hunting guns ) . 
  curious to know , as an american in europe do people automatically assume that you love guns/owned a gun at some point in your life ?
