  the big city is just a few mins away by car and you can still live your simple life out in the suburbs . 
  also , wow both your garden and your grandma 's sounds great !, 
  i loved it !, 
  went on a 9 city trip throughout europe and it was by far my favorite . 
  such a perfect mix of old and new . 
  my top 3 would be copenhagen , venice , and london . 
  nope , lol . 
  thus the absurdity of op 's question . 
  haha did you get it from one of the people on the beach that pushes a cart around full of fruits and lime/salt ? 
  they are everywhere this summer . 
  it should be illegal , just like putting katchup on spegetti should . 
  in fact i 'm gon na petition for a new proposition here in california that would make putting salt on watermelon an illegal act . 
  that sounds lovely . 
  you could make a fresh salad by just using the ingredients in your back yard . 
  do you live in a city/suburb of a city or do you live in a small town ? 
  i 've never lived outside of a city/suburb so i ca n't speak for people who live in small towns in the us , but i 'm guessing they might grow more fruits and vegetables in their gardens . 
  haha , it 's pretty uncommon for gardens in the us to have fruits and vegetables . 
  most people who grow vegetables in their gardens are the ultra organic folk like my parents . 
  it is however very common for people to have lemon , orange , and grapefruit trees in their front and back yards in florida , arizona , and california . 
  i 've heard that community gardens are pretty popular in german cities , not sure if this applies to the rest of europe also . 
  haha i know dude . 
  i 've been to the uk multiple times , i was just messing around . 
  yeah i 'm 23 so even since i 've been in the dating world , `` dating '' apps have always been a part of it, 
  how do you manage to eat pineapple pizza ? 
  i 've heard that they do n't they do n't have any pineapple in the uk . . 
  i live in california and i 've never heard of such a thing lol, 
  yeah , i ca n't relate to that . 
  it 's very uncommon where i live , even more so with all the new `` dating '' apps that are out . 
  i agree , dinner is usually 2nd date material . 
  i 've only had one person out here take me to dinner as a first date , and funny thing is that he was from madrid . 
  i usually grab drinks at a bar or coffee at a coffee shop . 
  my longest relationship actually started as a one night stand ironically enough ( this has happened to a good amount of my friends too ) . 
  maybe it 's a generational thing though seeing as my parents and even older sister would think it 's standard to go to dinner as a first date . 
  that 's how getting into a relationship works here too . 
  i literally do n't know anyone who met their girlfriend through randomly speaking to them in a grocery store/public place lol . 
  it is a cartoon , but it 's pretty popular where i live . 
  aside from the occasional family guy and bob 's burgers , i really do n't like cartoons , but this one is definitely worth a watch in my opinion . 
  okay yeah we are looking at two different sets . 
  i 'm looking at white not including hispanics . 
  from the source you posted it shows sf being 7/15 for 15 most populous cities , which puts it in the top 50 % , or am i reading it wrong ? 
  in your original post you said that it was one of the least white cities in the us from a demographic standpoint . 
  i 'm not sure how being 6th out of 20 for largest white population makes it `` one of the least whitest cities from a demographic standpoint '' . 
  while whites are a bit under 50 % of the city , they still hold the highest share of the population and when walking around sf it 's pretty prevalent . 
  my simply not true comment was not regarding your comment about saying whites were a minority btw . 
  there are a lot of asian immigrants and people in sf though , that 's definitely true . 
  that 's simply not true . 
  whites are the largest racial group in the city and metro . 
  san francisco city proper is 48 % non-hispanic white . 
  in terms of major us cities , sf is one of the whitest demographically . 
  [ agreed ] ( https://www.google.com/maps/@42.3639077,-71.0534487,3a,75y,342.35h,93.78t/data=!3m8!1e1!3m6!1s-w3bvmruyqgs%2fv6foaletbni%2faaaaaaaadpm%2f_ae3kiprhamnntetjnvmomeja2aoaljvqclib!2e4!3e11!6s%2f%2flh5.googleusercontent.com%2f-w3bvmruyqgs%2fv6foaletbni%2faaaaaaaadpm%2f_ae3kiprhamnntetjnvmomeja2aoaljvqclib%2fw203-h100-k-no-pi-30.000002-ya7.4478836-ro-0-fo100%2f!7i8704!8i4352 ) . 
  there are a lot of areas of boston that feel similar to the uk in my opinion . 
  i 've actually seen a lot of europeans say this on reddit . 
  my bf is from spain and lives in sf now , and said it feels very european to him . 
  i 'm more so with you though , i 've been to sf multiple times and i really did n't get a huge european vibe . 
  there are some european elements in the city , but it 's not the most european city in north america . 
  when it comes to the us , i feel like boston has some similar qualities to cities found in the uk and as you stated , for canada , quebec city has some similar qualities to european cities also . 
  i 'm not down voting you btw !, 
  i rarely downvote people haha . 
  i find what i listed to be a model , but you 've made some valid points as to why they are not viewed as a model in your eyes . 
  i guess we can agree to disagree haha . 
  meh , i can name a few . 
  entertainment ( movies in particular ) , technology ( silicon valley ) , nasa , higher education research , national parks , consumer protection . 
  i realize that this is not a perfect country , but there are some things that we can still be a model for ... just like there are some aspects of certain european countries that can serve as a model too . 
  i think what he 's trying to infer is that due to the internet and stereotypes found in tv a lot of europeans on here think that the us lacks culture . 
  you see it when you ask europeans on reddit to describe the usa . 
  it 's always , guns , fat people , walmart , cars , bad food , and chain restaurants/stores . 
  how can people say that the us is void of culture when we have areas of the country like new york city , savannah , miami , new orleans , the southwest , la , san francisco , ect . 
  that all bring a unique aspect to the culture found in here . 
  fact of the matter is that there is a lot of culture to be found in this country . 
  from our art scenes to music , film , theater , restaurants , and unique neighborhoods . 
  people who say they 've traveled throughout the us and have n't found anything that 's culturally enriching , are simply not looking for it . 
  some europeans on here choose to make broad statements about the us based on stereotypes , it 's pretty prevalent and to say it 's not is just simply untrue . 
  i realize that the vast majority of europeans do n't hold attitudes such as the ones i 've described , it 's just that the ones that do tend to stand out a little more . 
  west virginia is my least favorite state . 
  i 'm half black half white and when my family traveled through there , in some of the small towns , they acted like we were aliens . 
  i will never step foot in that state again . 
  huh ? 
  people were hostel towards you because you were a foreigner ? 
  where in the us did you live if you do n't mind me asking . 
  most americans are n't hostile to forefingers if they are from western europe so this surprises me a lot . 
  * spelling error, 
  you do n't seem rude , in the us when you want to go out to a nice restaurant 9 times out of 10 people will not go to an american cuisine place ( this is slowly changing though seeing as there are restaurants popping up all over that are serving modern american food with a `` gourmet '' twist ) . 
  at least , in california that 's the case , ca n't speak for people in the middle of the country . 
  i mean there are restaurants that specialize in gourmet burgers , then there are fancy steak houses like ruth chris or capital grill ... but for the most part people either go japanese , italian , or french influenced restaurants for a `` nice meal '' . 
  british ? 
  i had no idea that some europeans thought that , that 's pretty odd . 
  what exactly is red lemonade ? 
  haha we went to vienna actually !, 
  good point . 
  i never knew that people had prejudices against romanians until i joined reddit and started looking at the european subs , i was shocked . 
  my grandmother is from germany and has said some snide comments about romanians to us , but i thought that was just her being old and stubborn . 
  really ? 
  i 've never heard that song being played in bars , clubs , or parties it 's occasionally on radio ... and i live in la. 
  interesting . 
  it 's nice to see the usa so high on that list , most people do n't realize how stunning the romanian countryside is . 
  i 'm not sure if they would prefer . 
  most people i know would much rather go to europe , but ca n't due to not having enough time off/plane ticket prices , ect . 
  5 of the top 10 destinations for americans were in europe . 
  uk was the most popular destination . 
  what 's surprising to me is american tourism in canada .
