  less than 10 % of black americans voted for donald trump and only 4 % of black woman voted for donald trump . 
  i ca n't speak for blacks as a whole , but in the black community guns have a very negative image , and they are definitely not glorified . 
  this is due in part to all of the blacks that get killed due to gang violence in our ghettos . 
  guns are definitely glorified in gang culture but outside of that , i would have to say they are n't really anywhere else in black families . 
  black americans are patriotic though , i 'll give ya that . 
  on a side note , are many of your african immigrants muslim ? 
  most african immigrants in the states are pretty religious , and a lot tend to be catholic even . 
  wow , that sounds like a mess . 
  i agree with everything you wrote about what needs to change . 
  ps i loved vienna while i was there . 
  the netherlands , czech republic , and germany . 
  in germany they thought i was arab lol and i was told to go home because i 'm not german by a bitter old woman ( which is ironic because technically speaking i have german ancestry seeing as my grandma is from berlin , my mom is fluent , and a good amount of my family still lives there ) . 
  i was also told in germany by an old dude that he could n't understand me be cause he speaks `` kings english '' . 
  he said he could understand my friends though and mind you i 'm college educated ( who used to be an english major ) and sound like the standard american , my accept is/was exactly like my white mom/friends who were with me . 
  my other black friend said he experienced a ton of racism in italy , i ca n't speak to that seeing as i did n't encounter any while i was in italy . 
  thanks for the nice post my friend but it is [ your ] ( https://www.roughguides.com/destinations/europe/romania/things-not-to-miss/ ) country which is one of the most beautiful countries on this planet . 
  also this might be cliche , but thanks for the tales of dracula and transylvania which have entertained many american kids during halloween for decades . 
  interesting , that brings up another point . 
  so black people from sub-sahara africa are viewed different than black americans in austria , right ? 
  when you state that your friends and family view sub-saharan africans as drug dealers is this thought also correlated with black americans ? 
  thank you . 
  i 'm a ( half ) black american and boy let me tell you , i was definitely treated differently than my white counterparts when i traveled to certain european countries . 
  i will have to say that i was treated the same , if not better , in france and the uk though ... also yes to the danish folk , y' all were so pleasant and accepting . 
  i 'm a little bit confused by your dramatic post ( sorry if that comes across as rude , i just ca n't think of any other word ) . 
  before i say anything i thank you for standing up against police brutality . 
  as a black american , while police brutality horrific , it 's really not all that bad in the us for us black folk when it comes to racism . 
  the media has seriously overblown race relations in the us . 
  never once have i felt in danger as a black man walking down a street , i 've only experienced full on racism two or three times in my 23 years of life here . 
  i ca n't speak for the county as a whole but i 've lived in dc , arizona , and now california and i can safely say that there is very little overt racism towards black americans in those states/dc . 
  i 'm sure my outlook would be a bit different if i lived in a place like mississippi or rural ohio . 
  awesome !, 
  thanks . 
  i wish it was easier to access bbc/cnn world news in the us . 
  i 'm not sure if you know this , but do you know if there is anyway to watch bbc via an app or something along those lines ? 
  i do n't have access to bbc here and i really ca n't stand cnn , fox , and mscbc for a multitude of reasons , but the main reason is us news only reports us news , very rarely do they report on things outside the us . 
  spatzle is delicious af ... could n't agree more . 
  seriously ??? 
  my mom 's family is from germany and i still have relatives that live there and i 've never heard such a thing . 
  maybe it varies depending on what region you are from ? 
  surly you do n't put it on spatzle , right ? 
  seeing as it 's technically a pasta . 
  interesting , thanks for the reply . 
  you are correct , churches live on donations in the us . 
  i would say around 1/2 -3 / 4ths of the congregation usually donates a couple of bucks per service , then you have your one or two big spenders who really contribute . 
  i go to church around 3 or 4 times a year and usually donate 5-10 bucks each time i go . 
  interesting , thanks !, 
  never tried it with curry sauce , will have to do that sometime . 
  you should try it with bbq sauce if you ever get the chance !, 
  delicious . 
  putting katchup on spaghetti would be gross as fuck . 
  i was n't trying to be accusatory . 
  here in the us the church conducts your marriage , carries out your funeral service , and baptises your children all for free so that was just a shock to me that you had to pay a tax . 
  jeez , that seems unnecessary . 
  do you think that might discourage some people to be members of the church , even if they are practicing christians ? 
  ie , some ppl might not say they are christian or whatnot to avoid having to pay an extra tax ? 
  if you look at what we have accomplished compared to animals , i 'd say the difference is pretty drastic . 
  sorry if this comes across as ignorant ... but you have to pay taxes to be part of a church in sweden ? 
  if so , why is that ? 
  wait , german women being ugly is a stereotype ? 
  if so , that 's definitely not a stereotype in the us ... 
  there are a lot of racists in austria ??? 
  i did n't really experience that . 
  i 'm half black half white and traveled throughout europe a couple summers ago . 
  i encountered racism in the netherlands , czech republic , and bavaria , some random woman started saying rude shit to me in german ( mom 's fluent and i can speak some ) because she thought i was arab lol , but never in austria !, 
  i 'm dating a spanish guy who is as dark as me and i 'm half black . 
  to be fair i 'm pretty light for a half black person , but still a good amount of you guys are pretty tan compared to most other europeans  . 
  i do know what you mean though , a lot of ( ignorant ) americans think people from spain are latino and tend to lump them in with mexicans , cubans , ect . 
  lucky , new orleans is such an amazing city . 
  shout out to the southwest haha i 'm your next door neighbor over in arizona !, 
  i 'm not trying to be rude or poke at you but where in the us did you experience that most of the signs were in spanish ? 
  i live in the southwestern part of the country . 
  i will say that we do have some pretty great mexican food here . 
  i 'd say the least `` american feeling '' place in the country is new orleans, 
  haha what does that even mean ? 
  this could be the best response i 've seen . 
  bravo . 
  interesting , idk why i said grace and frankie lol it 's not even that popular out here . 
  on the contrary , netflix is introducing a lot of americans to british tv , which is a good thing . 
  interesting , i understand german , but why does the spanish flag spark that reaction ? 
  just out of curiosity . 
  i love the `` ahem '' hahaha . 
  the majority of us hate trump just like you guys , promise  also , in all seriousness , your response , especially the last two sentences pretty much sums up why americans feel the way we do . 
  it 's more so popular belief and the internet . 
  is full of anti-american comments made by europeans . 
  a lot of people do n't realize that what people write on the web is not indicative of everyday life . 
  i think media is another reason too . 
  then there 's the whole myth of `` wear a canadian flag when traveling in europe so they treat you better '' , which i do n't know a single person who has done that , but again , all of these rumors stem from word of mouth/popular belief . 
  we are so far away from you guys that it 's hard to dispel the belief seeing as many of us never come into contact with europeans , so i think a lot of people just believe what they hear/see on the web . 
  as americans , we kinda have this notion that literally no one outside of the us likes us . 
  comments on reddit do n't help . 
  i have to admit i used to think that no one outside of the us and maybe canada liked americans till i went to europe for the summer , as you said they treated me like they would any other human regardless of my nationality . 
  ps shouts outs to the french for being some of the nicest/most helpful people i encountered while in europe . 
  that 's interesting . 
  aside from me , i 've only meet two americans who have ever wanted to live full time in europe ( london and somewhere in germany ) . 
  i feel like the vast majority of americans would love to visit or spend a year in europe . 
  but to live ? 
  very few . 
  where in europe would you like to live ? 
  i 've always fantasized about living in the uk . 
  i 'd be interested to hear if american netflix shows are popular in the uk .
