  it for sure is large . 
  i know 3 people born in greece and 7 people from my social circle are actually fluent in greek , and i do n't even live in chicago haha . 
  i would n't say he is a major hit , i 've never even heard of him . 
  wow he is super annoying . 
  hahaha yup , kinda like the american restaurant i saw while i was in amsterdam , 
  yeah , as i looked into it , it seems as if the families in iowa had been there for quite some time . 
  there are towns named in dutch in iowa and apparently they still hold dutch festivals and have dutch restaurants throughout the respected towns . 
  there are 4.5 million americans of dutch ancestry living in the usa , 1 million in canada and 300,000 in australia . 
  there are even counties/towns in iowa where over 60 % claim dutch ancestry . 
  that 's interesting that you find it more common to have family in canada and australia . 
  maybe more recent immigration from the netherlands has gone to canada and australia then ? 
  i reaaaallly hope no one has ever asked you if portugal was a province of spain haha . 
  [ same with this one ] ( http://www.tornosnews.gr/en/files/american_tourists_183536875_796880670.jpg ) some of us specialize in wearing american flag paraphernalia when abroad , do n't know who we are trying to impress though , like other countries even give a rats ass, 
  this . 
  honestly i will come out and say that she made that shit up . 
  as an american from an interracial family i 'm pretty disturbed by what she wrote . 
  it 's insane that she is being upvoted for her bullshit story by ppl who have never been to nyc or the usa . 
  i almost want to link her fabricated post to `` ask an american '' or `` ask nyc '' . 
  no one is going to shoot you cuz you 're in an interracial relationship in new york city . 
  the fact that she chose the most well known black neighborhood to create her story also is insane . 
  it 's pretty fucking offensive if you ask me . 
  i live in la and i encountered them on my way to the gym the other day . 
  super creepy , most people just brush by them or laugh . 
  i 'm not sure why they think telling all of us that we are sinners and degenerates will make us become devout christians lol . 
  exactly . 
  in the us 20 % of all relationships are interracial , that number is even grater in nyc . 
  i 'm in an interracial relationship , my parents are in an interracial marriage , and i have many friends who are in interracial relationships and nothing this intense has ever happened to any of us . 
  haha yup !, 
  no one placed canada at a number one ally though . 
  for republicans it went : 1 . 
  australia 2 . 
  uk for democrats it went : 1 . 
  france, 
  the new york times has a poll where they asked americans `` who 's our closest ally '' and until this year the uk always came in at number one , now it 's number two . 
  that 's only because the republicans marked the uk as our 3rd greatest ally this year , while the democrats still had the uk as number 1 . 
  while the brits might not be as similar to us culturally as canadians are , i think of the uk as a closer ally than canada . 
  the reason why they were featured on drakes album is because drake has an obsession with topboy and british rap in general . 
  he was trying to introduce them to us audiences . 
  i wish that british rap was more popular out here , but it really is n't . 
  you can find a crowded venue for just about any musical artist in the usa . 
  there are even scandinavian metal bands who sell out shows here in california ... and that genre is by no means popular . 
  does british rap have a following sure , but it is by no means popular . 
  haha , we have nothing but good stereotypes about british ppl in the us . 
  it 's funny because while i was in england people seemed to like the us , now i read all the stereotypes they have about us , which were not prevalent while i was there . 
  talk about getting shot at ? 
  wtf ? 
  no ones gon na fucking shoot you because you are in an interracial relationship , especially in nyc out of all places . 
  haha yes dis tracks are so good . 
  i know of a german rapper named bushido , he had such a savage diss track/video . 
  you experienced a lot of racism in harlem ? 
  sorry to hear that , i have a few white friends who moved there after college and love it . 
  when were you there ? 
  haha as a half black guy who has spent a lot of time in europe , i find that one to be very ironic . 
  yeah he does , i just really do n't like how much he glorifies violence and gang culture soooo much . 
  his new album is pretty dope though . 
  lol thanks , germany !, 
  good point , he was before my time so i did n't really think of him , but yeah he 's popular among the older generation and people who like 90s rap . 
  i grew up during the time period when southern rap dominated the music scene out here ( soulja boy , lil jon , ti , ect ) so i think this age of rap is a step up lol . 
  i suppose you 're right about kanye and jay-z being oversold . 
  though i would n't keep idiots like lil yachty from reexploring the genre , there is still some pretty good stuff coming out . 
  i love rap and i know many people who like rap here , but uk rappers are never spoken about . 
  the only song that i can think of that kinda gained popularity here was that `` queens speech part 4 '' cuz it was in an [ samsung commercial ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xlxqaozp660 ) which aired during football games . 
  as amserdab16 said the main reason why it 's going to be hard for british rap to break through in the us/canada is the accent , which does n't really do the genre justice . 
  though i wana broaden my horizons so i 'd be interested in some uk rappers you think are worth checking out . 
  i do n't think it 's your assessment of contemporary hip hop is fair . 
  sure the mumble rap genre is lame , but there are still some really good american rappers that are popular over here . 
  kanye , jay-z , chance , j cole , kendrick lamar , logic , asap rockey , big sean , rae sremmurd . 
  i think that rappers like 21 savage and young thug ( who is n't that bad tbh ) tend to overshadow the actual good rappers in conversation because people constantly like to find negative shit about the genre . 
  though , you are right , it 's far from the poetry that was found in early rap . 
  uk rap is definitely not popular in the us . 
  this was a good response , thanks for putting it into perspective . 
  i guess the only london i know is the glorified london in tv and film . 
  i 've been to london 3 times but being a tourist from a foreign country , you get a different perspective . 
  kinda shocking some ppl do n't like london due to its demographic makeup , seems rather racist to me . 
  yeah ppl in the us do n't really hate nyc , but ppl here really hate la so that was a pretty helpful comparison . 
  love norway and norweigrners too . 
  this used to bother me a lot but honestly bud , i would just laugh and move on . 
  i have been to europe countless times , and that 's really not the case there . 
  i met some really great europeans whilst abroad who do n't make sweeping generalizations about us . 
  i 've even become great friends with a spaniard and an austrian . 
  the web is not representative of a group of people , especially when it 's full of edgy teens that just want a reaction . 
  it 's kinda like americans with californians . 
  as someone who lives in california , one would think that the whole country hates our guts if i just went off of reddit , when in reality the hate is not as prevalent . 
  i mean , this is all hypothetical though . 
  haha i 'll never understand why london is hated so much by y' all , but you do make a valid point with that logic . 
  but would n't you say that the second generations become british culturally , usually ? 
  not sure if one single city can represent the uk , but do you feel that london is really representative of your country as a whole ? 
  it does n't mean less white people . 
  all it means is that said group of people ( in your case , white people ) share a smaller percentage of the population as they once did , relax , it 's not like the world is going to end lol . 
  haha wow . 
  i love this sub but some people on here are insanely sensitive . 
  i never once said it was a muslim country , did i ? 
  i also get into countless arguments with my racist family members defending islam so i could care less if there are a lot of muslims in germany . 
  i asked because my mom 's family lives in germany ( dahlem , munchen , and augsburg ) i 've visited countless times , so i was surprised when they stated that they see hijabs only once a month . 
  was just curious as to where about they were in germany . 
  we have 12 million illegal immigrants living in the usa , it would be stupid to deport all of them , but your comment makes 0 sense . 
  pretty sure my grandma legal immigrated here from germany in the 20th century along with many other immigrants . 
  most americans ancestors immigrated here legally in the 19th and 20th century when the country was already established . 
  where in germany do you live ? 
  seems like you have the perfect set up .
