well , at least in the usa , brazilians are viewed as some of the most attractive ppl so those czechs must be pretty hot if a brazilian is commenting on their attractiveness . 
  that 's so fucked up haha, 
  `` more refugees are coming '', 
  my argument is that they are n't immigrants who willingly decided to start a new life in a new country . 
  did n't realize my statement was that hard to comprehend lol . 
  i seriously hope you realize that there 's a difference between people who are stationed in another country and immigrants who willingly choose to immigrate to said country . 
  you are aware that a large amount of the sexual crimes conducted by americans are due to the military base and the young military men that still live in germany , right ? 
  i believe over half of the 74 acts were military related . 
  i 'd also be curious to find out if any of the other crimes were committed by the 10,000 americans who study abroad in germany . 
  it 's not the average american who is moving and actually immigrating to germany that is conducting such crimes . 
  banning american immigration would only lead to a bunch of american companies and their european headquarters to be pulled out of germany . 
  i alone know many people who have gone to oktoberfest , so i bet that you 're right . 
  there are also over 10,000 american students who study abroad in germany each year . 
  not making an excuse for their behavior , but i 'm sure some of these students have added to the `` drunk tourist '' crimes . 
  there were 74 americans that were suspected of sexual aggression in germany . 
  of those 74 , 35 were in the military . 
  a large portion of these crimes were not committed by your average american immigrant in germany . 
  `` vagina-scooping '' good . 
  lord . 
  just because homosexuals are n't oppressed in the usa does n't mean they are n't oppressed in other majority white countries lol . 
  as a gay man in an interracial relationship i do n't think i would will be stepping foot in russia , ukraine or the vast majority of the balkan countries . 
  new york and london are the only two alpha + + cities when it comes to global city rankings . 
  next is paris , which is an alpha + city . 
  i 'm sorry but berlin does n't even come close to [ being on the same level ] ( https://www.atkearney.com/documents/10192/12610750/fg-global-cities-2017-01.png/72758008-e105-49df-a6d2-b290082fb46f?t=1495742091005 ) as new york , paris , and london . 
  hahahahah , fuck this made me laugh out loud . 
  haha this is exactly what north korea wants you to think . 
  infact i bet they are super happy that trump is president so it gives them an excuse to keep on doing the bs that they are doing while simoltanuously playing victim . 
  they have been testing mistakes and making threats on us for years . 
  i do agree , the way trump has responded to the situation was probably the least presidential thing ever . 
  i live in the usa . 
  all my friends are anti trump . 
  i am surrounded by the nicest of people in my neighborhood , workforce , and friend group . 
  i 'm a gay half black guy and i can count the amount of times i 've experienced homophobia or racism on one hand . 
  please do n't let this group of 100 or so assholes tarnish your view of our country as a whole . 
  we have over 300 million people , so sure some are assholes but some are also great ppl . 
  did you noticed the hundreds upon hundreds of ppl who flooded the street to unite agains the racists ? 
  it 's ashame that this very vocal yet very small minority is putting out such a bad image of my country . 
  a lot of americans have never heard of estonia , so this does n't suprise me . 
  when my mom used to visit italy as a teen my german granadma used to tell her to be carful and always know your surroundings due to her blonde hair lol . 
  do you mean to tell me that the sarcastic fight between a scotsman and a polish dude is n't answering your questions ??? 
  haha you can punish me by death for associating myself with such blasphemous . 
  10/10 would do it again , worth every bite . 
  hahaha we had a food truck come to work today and serve wiener schnitzel . 
  it was schnitzel with what i 'm assuming was tunke ( gravy like sauce ) . 
  not sure why you 're getting downvoted . 
  canadians can be insanely smug/arrogant . 
  a lot of my canadian friends in the states comment on how they hate how smug canadians can be back home . 
  i 've been to both austria and germany and have interacted with both , and from a foreigners standpoint germans are way more arrogant than austrians . 
  this times 100 . 
  my family is german so i 've visited them quite often . 
  germans are without a doubt the most arrogant ppl i 've ever meet in my life . 
  america 's contribution to game of thrones is much more than just money . 
  as i stated the writing , a good portion of direction , and overall creation is american . 
  but i agree , it does rely heavy on european casting and while part of it is filmed in the usa and canada , a large chunk is obviously filmed in europe too . 
  under the country of origin it only states the united states . 
  that 's not true . 
  the author is american , the writers are american , the producers are american , the directors who directed the majority of the episodes are american . 
  while a coupe of the directors were british alex graves , david nutter , and alan taylor have directed the most episodes of the series . 
  it 's distributor is warner brothers which is american and it 's network is hbo which is american . 
  i 'm struggling to see how this show is more british than it is american . 
  oh boy , you were in the south ? 
  i 'm sure that the adds there were super interesting to say the least ... 
  i love british tv show , my favorite shows are american , but i think that as a whole in terms of consistency of quality production , british tv is great . 
  american tv is actually pretty good . 
  we have shitty tv shows and really great ones . 
  most people my age do n't watch live tv unless it 's a shonda rhymes show , reality tv ( which is fading fast ) , and sports . 
  with house of cards , orange is the new black , game of thrones , walking dead , breaking bad , west world , handmaids tale , ect . 
  i am surprised as to why you do n't think american television is good . 
  haha wow you legit might be the only person in this thread that likes the usa . 
  hollywood does love to cast either you guys or russians as the villains haha . 
  maybe i 'm not watching the movies , but most hollywood films do not have evil muslims as the villains . 
  why ? 
  nope , they are n't . 
  for example , a simmons market research survey recorded that 19 percent of the hispanic american origin population speak only spanish . 
  i looked it up cuz that really surprised me . 
  34 % of austin speaks two languages . 
  35 percent of austin is of hispanic origin . 
  being able to speak english will make your life 100 % easier in the long run . 
  that being said there are definitely more spanish speakers in the usa compared to germany haha, 
  haha nah i get it , i know spaniards are n't latino , i 'm not that murican . 
  i just did n't wana offend you by basically equating spanish with impoverished/lower class neighborhoods . 
  haha how would that piss us off ? 
  no offense , but the neighborhoods that are spanish speaking as a whole are less than ideal ( aside from miami ) . 
  if you work a corporate job there 's a 90 % chance that most people will not be able to speak spanish . 
  i live in la and only know one person who is fully fluent and 0 ppl in my office are . 
  til that the only europeans are white, 
  i think it 's so gross to be honest . 
  does n't help that for my fraternity , they made us all chug half a cup of it mixed with vodka ... i already found it nasty to begin with , that pretty much did it for me . 
  everyone thinks i 'm odd for this , but i love german . 
  i think it sounds so pretty . 
  i literally do n't know anyone who goes home before 1 when they go out though . 
  must be a generational thing . 
  american girls ar more open to hook up , but this is cuz there is a wider verity of american girls . 
  also , i love my canadians but americans party harder if i 'm being hones . 
  the nightlife in toronto ca n't hold a candle to nyc , la , sf , ane even chicago . 
  culture is one in the same with a few differences , i think a lot of that is due in part to re fact that 75 % of canadians like within 100 miles of the us boarder . 
  people - same as culture , the similarities between the americans and canadians is strong , aside from the south ... but let 's be honest even ppl from california , pacific northwest , new england , etc do n't have much in common with southern folk . 
  girls - essentially the same , though american girls from the big cities ( nyc , la , sf , etc ) tend to be a bit more stuck up than canadian girls . 
  food - same aside from poutine cars - literally the same . 
  luxuries - same,
