  black people have managed to spawn a new word with a new meaning out of a derogatory word which is full of hate and bigotry . 
  also , i want to make sure that i 'm reading what you wrote correctly . 
  you do n't understand why it 's not okay for a white person to call a black person a n *** er in the 21st century ? 
  i heard that charleston is absolutely gorgeous , but keep in mind it is hot and sunny in the summer !, 
  key largo will be stunning too . 
  i hope you have a great trip , sounds like it will be a lot of fun . 
  black american here . 
  there is a huge difference between n *** er and nigga . 
  i think this is the reason why he is being down voted . 
  i also hope that he is misinformed , because that 's incredibly ignorant . 
  such a nice answer . 
  where in the us are you going to be visiting , if you do n't mind me asking ? 
  nah fam , that combination is so good . 
  if you ever make it out to la go to roscoe 's chicken and waffles , aka snoop doggs favorite restaurant . 
  your opinion will be changed . 
  i understand not like guns , but fried chicken ? 
  what did friend chicken ever do to you ? 
  haha i feel you , half black american here . 
  just this year alone i 've been asked if i was : brazilian , puerto rican , dominican , cuban , algerian , and israeli . 
  the israeli one really was funny . 
  it was from an israeli couple who were on vacation and visiting my local wine bar . 
  once i told them i was n't israeli they insisted that i was lying to them . 
  i 've never seen ppl be so adimate about something that 's not true haha, 
  ahhh okay that makes sense . 
  so is utah viewed in a positive or negative light then ? 
  it 's mainly viewed in a negative light in the states , but it 's known for amazing nature . 
  i had no idea that they traveled to the netherlands just so they could spread their religion , that 's some serious dedication !, 
  i agree , ringing someones doorbell at night is super weird . 
  thanks for the info !, 
  i looked it up , seems like it 's on netflix . 
  shall have to check it out sometime . 
  jeez , looks like he really was a rockstar in denmark . 
  welllll , that 's no fun, 
  * books a one way ticket to copenhagen, 
  [ wow ] ( https://m.popkey.co/ac9601/llzky_s-200x150.gif?c=popkey-web&amp;p=popkey&amp;i=mondaymotivation-reactions&amp;l=search&amp;f=.gif ) what a daddy lol, 
  i 'm gay so by all means , take all the women you want . 
  on my last vacation to europe i was absolutely blown away by the men in spain and italy . 
  sign . 
  yeah , your country actually has a greater population than 25 of our states including states like nevada and oregon . 
  haha i have beef with that team seeing as they always beat us but since their name has ties with your country i 'll support that decision haha, 
  that 's the kansas city , missouri that is known for the best bbq if i 'm not mistaken . 
  just curious . 
  why is utah considered iconic in your country ? 
  i 've never heard it described as such . 
  wow . 
  i do n't think that 's just one of the most beautiful places in your country , i think that 's probably one of the most beautiful places in the world . 
  haha where you expecting mn to have a bigger population ? 
  i 'm just impressed you managed to get kansas right !, 
  talk about an irrelevant state ... 
  i have n't taken a geography class in years . 
  i did okay , definitely not the best . 
  got a 67 % . 
  i really really messed up southeastern europe/balkans ( aside form greece , romania , and croatia ) . 
  haha ironically enough it 's what the ( american ) football team of minnesota is called also . 
  over 800,000 ppl in minnesota ( 20 % of the population ) is of norwegian ancestry . 
  your perception would be correct . 
  cool , thanks . 
  looks like an awsome show . 
  from the trailers , it reminds me of a scandinavian version of skins . 
  alright . 
  not what again ? 
  * he says on reddit , an american website, 
  we do n't , ca n't speak for the middle of the country though . 
  i had no idea that it was even an anniversary of d-day until i ran across this post this am . 
  not a single one of my friends or coworkers have even spoken about it . 
  not sure if you will know , but do you know if the seasons are available with english subtitles anywhere ? 
  i 've been trying to find a website or platform that gives that option , but i 've yet to find any . 
  i 've lived in canada and i 'm not quite seeing the similarities . 
  in your mind how are canadians , as a people , `` very similar '' to brits ? 
  in upper middle class high schools seeing fancy cars in the parking lot is shockingly common . 
  a ton of kids had fancy cars in my high school . 
  one friend group actually all planned it out and got white range rovers their senior year ( what kind of 17 year old drives a fucking range rover ) . 
  it was so annoying seeing as i definitely did n't drive a fancy car like the rest of them . 
  i 'm surprised no one has said denmark . 
  the danish films and tv shows i 've seen have been remarkable . 
  the hunt is such a great film , and while this is n't necessarily a film , borgen is one of the best tv series ( almost seemed cinematic ) i 've seen . 
  i studied film in college , and we spent a ton of time watching and discussing foreign films . 
  german expressionist film , while dark , is pretty stunning ... and some of my favorite films in general have been german . 
  when it comes to film overall , i think france deserves the gold medal . 
  not only do they have amazing modern films , but they paved the way for modern day hollywood ... i do n't think 20th century , or even modern day hollywood , would be half as good if it were n't for the french . 
  haha madison is a pretty cool/fun place !, 
  so if there 's anywhere in the midwest ( aside from chicago ) to be , you 're in the right spot ... least you did n't get fargo country . 
  hahahaha . 
  yup !, 
  it 's the [ capitol ] ( https://static1.squarespace.com/static/50fc9792e4b0499abb0596a9/t/53e02162e4b080a853def97a/1457231404905/madisonwisconsin-image.jpg ) of wisconsin . 
  madison square garden is a thing also , and is definitely more well known , but most people do n't refer it it as just madison . 
  wellllll wisconsin [ is ] ( http://euro-americans.blogspot.com/2010/12/where-austrian-americans-live.html ) technically one of the states with the most people of austrian descent haha, 
  from an accent standpoint , people native of new york sound absolutely nothing like people native of honolulu . 
  i think it 's just because they happen to share similar words ... and my guess would be that this is because there are a large amount of new yonkers who have either retired or moved out to honolulu . 
  agreed . 
  though , to be fair , i do n't think that this question was meant to imply that europe has a similar history when it comes to race . 
  i think that the op was merely stating that it could be interesting that a poc will be the first leader of a country simply because it has never happened before , not because of your history . 
  when it comes to americans thinking you guys have the same world view as us , i have to agree that that is pretty ignorant on some americans behalf . 
  keep in mind that there are a lot of americans who do n't have this view though ... but this is not to say that there are n't plenty of ignorant americans who do !, 
  i do n't think that skin color matters thaaaat much for your average american . 
  there are over 40 million black americans and 50 million hispanic americans in this country ( of every race ) . 
  almost every major american city is under 50 % non hispanic-white . 
  i 'm a person of color ( half black half white ) and i have to say , it does get kind of tiresome that we constantly label people by their race here in the states but given the vast amount of racial diversity and our history as a nation it 's a little unavoidable having conversations about race . 
  i 've lived in toronto and it 's the same thing up there as it is down here . 
  i have a hard time believing that if denmark had as many people of color in their country ( both historically and present ) that race would not be a topic of discussion .
