  only 11 million americans visit canada ( on average ) per year ... that 's less than 4 % of our population where as 23 million canadians visit the us per year ( over 50 % of their population ) . 
  i was shocked by how many asian tourists there were when i was last in paris . 
  we did a 9 city european trip and paris by far had the most tourists groups from asia . 
  i remember huge buses full of japanese tourists being dropped off every morning right by our hotel . 
  is there a reason why romania gets so many israeli tourists ? 
  why is that interesting ? 
  just curious . 
  haha yeah i figured that after i originally posted . 
  bravo breakingbiscuits . 
  lol , pretty sure he was being sarcastic and making a dig at spain/motobrit bud . 
  i grew up in arizona . 
  dope is commonly used out in the western sections of the country . 
  tasteless is the best word to describe it . 
  i remember camping out with my friends when i was a teenager . 
  we waited for what seemed like hours . 
  as soon as the doors opened people rushed in like they were running a track race . 
  all i bought was a fucking mini basketball hoop for my room seeing as the deals really were n't that good and i was a teenager that did n't have a ton of cash . 
  i 've never once participated in black friday again . 
  hahahaha that 's amazing . 
  thanks for the share . 
  haha why thank you kind sir  they seriously are a dope ass species . 
  this post is super fucking weird haha, 
  people say i 'm weird for this , but i actually think german is one of the best sounding languages . 
  yeah , i feel you on that . 
  i saw this documentary about him , and i agree , people think his work is much deeper than it is . 
  he 's known here , but not super popular . 
  i bet it would be annoying if everyone went around praising him 24/7 . 
  lol why does the popularity of bansky bother you so much ? 
  just curious . 
  it 's the black americans , not the white people who get upset about this . 
  i 'm black and i understand ( to a certain extent ) why some black people got upset that mlk was not played by a black american . 
  devere rogers kinda summed it up when he stated `` when it comes to telling very specific american stories , it can sometimes feel like a slap in the face to the black community ... it 's like , we as black americans ca n't tell our own stories ? '' . 
  black actors in la are getting tired of black british people portraying what it means to be a black american on tv and film , especially seeing we , culturally , are extremely different from black people in the uk . 
  i 'm not saying that their anger is 100 % justified , just trying to give you some context as to why a good amount of black americans are ticked off . 
  in the us both of daft punk and tony parker are definitely known as french . 
  more so tony parker , but still , both well known as french nonetheless . 
  are you trying to actually argue that north america and south america are not the proper names when referring to two separate continents ? 
  i do n't know a single person who refers to north and south americas as `` the americas '' . 
  my family in south africa does n't , my family in germany does n't , my family in canada does n't , and lastly no one that i know of here does it . 
  almost everyone specifically says north and south america because these are two totally separate continents that are not unified . 
  also you state that the oxford dic . 
  gathers the singular america to refer to the whole continent as well , which is not true . 
  it clearly states that america refers to a landmass not a singular continent `` a land mass of the western hemisphere consisting of the continents of north and south america joined by the isthmus of panama . '', 
  this is just like it 's definition of [ eurasia ] ( https://en.oxforddictionaries.com/definition/eurasia ) `` a term used to describe the total continental land mass of europe and asia combined . '', 
  the official name for those continents are north america and south america . 
  while some people might refer to them as the `` americas '' neither continents official name is solely just `` america '' . 
  these are two completely separate continents . 
  people from south america are referred to as south americans , and people from north america are refereed to as north americans . 
  people from the united states , canada , ect . 
  are refereed to as north american because it 's located in north america . 
  people from brazil , argentina , peru , ect are refereed to as south american seeing as they are located in south america . 
  i agree , i live in arizona and it those pic do n't look like arizona , they look more similar to kansas or south dakota . 
  but agreed , if i was just shown those pictures without context i would never have guessed russia, 
  i ca n't speak for europeans , but it 's really not that serious over in the us . 
  for the most part , americans are fascinated with europe . 
  it 's where we go to study abroad , it 's known as a top destination for vacation , and at the end of the day we view europe as our greatest allies . 
  this [ poll ] ( https://www.nytimes.com/interactive/2017/02/03/upshot/which-country-do-americans-like-most-for-republicans-its-australia.html?_r=0 ) is pretty telling . 
  when asked which country is america 's greatest ally , 16 of the top 20 are european country and in 2014 americans felt that great britain was our strongest ally on earth . 
  so while reddit might have some edgy teens who like to shit on europe/the usa , that is not the case in real life . 
  i can definitely say that i 've never once heard anyone in the states shit on norway :d, 
  2012 was not that long ago . 
  i doubt that the numbers have changed that drastically . 
  the numbers we have from the trump era is a 97 % favor of statehood , granted only 23 % came out and voted . 
  who 's to know the position the ones who did n't vote ( yes i realize that a large amount did n't vote in protest ) . 
  i was more so referring to your comment where you said that puerto rico does not want close ties to the us in all caps . 
  this is simply not true . 
  while the majority might not want statehood , it does n't mean that they do n't want close ties . 
  if you ever go to puerto rico , you 'd quickly realize that a lot of them view the us in a good light . 
  actually a large amount of them do . 
  in 2012 over 60 % voted in favor for statehood , but our congress would n't allow it . 
  the vast majority have family members/ties in the us . 
  i agree though , to me , puerto rico is it 's own nation with a distinct/unique culture . 
  ahhhh yeah that makes sense !, 
  is there a reason why people form frankfurt use it as opposed to hanover ? 
  is american culture much more prevalent in frankfurt ? 
  when i went to austria i actually befriended a portuguese guy who was my age ( i was 20 at the time , i 'm 23 now ) . 
  we got to talking about hip hop , and he seemed to be obsessed with rap . 
  we were pregameing before going out for the night and he asked me to play rap songs that were popular in america . 
  he knew some of them and asked me if he could say the `` nigga '' as he rapped along , it was pretty funny hahah . 
  you 're grossly exaggerating . 
  not every american teen is a character out of skins . 
  haha , totally . 
  i think as people get older they use nigga less and less . 
  some of my black friends in high school used it so much it seemed like a filler word , but now , those same guys do n't really use it all too often . 
  yeah , i really had no idea that so many europeans did n't really know the difference between the two words , this explains a lot actually . 
  this answer definitely helps , especially the part when you said they use it to reference us urban culture . 
  thanks !, 
  i 've only listened to one german rapper before and i believe he used the n word in his songs also . 
  i think some german rap can sound so cool . 
  yeah i totally get that . 
  i just was n't sure if they incorporated the english word anyways maybe saying something along the lines of `` hallo meine nigga '' or something . 
  interesting , i do n't like either word if i 'm being real . 
  not sure if you can answer this for me , but do the black people in your country use this word among each other ? 
  i know black people in the uk use it , and it 's super weird to hear them use it if i 'm being honest . 
  i 'm wondering if this is the case for other european countries like austria , france , germany , ect ? 
  lol whut ? 
  i do n't know a single black person that says , what 's up my n *** er . 
  again , nigga and n *** er completely different words . 
  in my high school , most black people were okay with their friends of any race saying nigga and a good amount refereed to their white friends as `` their nigga '' from time to time , seeing as it 's sort of seen as a term of endearment now . 
  before you say `` how backwards that is '' think about it .
