  it 's not that it does n't exist . 
  my uni/school is cheap as hell and populated with people whose parents can afford to support them through their studies , so my view is skewed . 
  but even my friends who do n't have that backing survive with government aid and summer jobs , because they 'd rather budget than get into debt if it 's at all avoidable . 
  debt is more common for people attending private unis or business schools , which cost around 10-15 times as much . 
  i 've read that [ around 10 % of students in france take out a loan ] ( http://www.humanite.fr/ces-jeunes-pris-dans-lengrenage-des-prets-etudiants ) , but that number is 17 % for students of business schools and less than 6 % for university students . 
   r/shitamericanssay [ this one ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/shitamericanssay/comments/4wm1cp/eli5_why_do_europeans_tend_to_be_less_religious/ ) guys , start with this one . 
  i would laugh if it was n't so awful . 
  in the same vein , op , when i was in france someone asked us : `` so , paris . 
  is that very far from france ? '', 
  better now ? 
  yes , very much so . 
  now i know for sure that 's a * lot * of vodka . 
  i 've lived in krakow actually , years ago , and now live about 2 hours away ; i 'd noticed the conservativeness . 
  beautiful city though !, 
  hope you like it . 
  not the best example !, 
  it 's way easier to buy vodka in poland than it is to buy frog legs in france . 
  you even have 24/7 shops selling it ... ( i 've only been to krakow , so i guess my perception is skewed ; so many students and tourists ! ), 
  i 'm pretty sure anyone who drinks vodka in poland has it more often ( in a year ) than a french person will have frog legs . 
  i mean , maybe not `` everybody , '' but ... 
  til , thank you !, 
  now i 'll have something new to bring to the table the next time my friends and i reunite around a glass of champagne to discuss the english . 
  i 'm sure they 'll all be pleased to know . 
  ( also i thought we were supposed to be the gay ones ... ), 
  definitely british spelling and vocabulary ( trousers , colour , theatre , etc ) . 
  and i 'd say most of our teachers learned the british way anyway . 
  in fact , when my brother moved back to france in middle school speaking fluent english after living in the us for several years , his teacher told him he did n't speak english , he spoke american . 
  ( this teacher is an outlier , but still ... ) that said , we get exposure to different accents ( from different areas in the uk , us and australia ) through oral comprehension exercises . 
  when we listen to songs or watch movies ( in class ) , they 're as likely to be from the us as from the uk . 
  to be fair i find these jokes funny . 
  stings a bit when they 're serious about it , though ... 
  aaaand i do n't have anything to add . 
  thank you for the well thought-out post !, 
  i enjoyed reading it . 
  i got a drop when i was a newborn . 
  champagne christening . 
  native : french fluent : english good : spanish i 'm teaching myself other languages at the moment . 
  i 've always loved languages and not speaking the language is a reason i would * want * to go to a country , not something that would deter me . 
  no better way to learn than by going !, 
  not my words , you 'll have noticed . 
  i 'm not going to argue about that . 
  i was just offering someone else 's point of view . 
  media here * have * spoken at length about the people living there being targeted ( especially about poles ) , but they also mentioned a couple incidents where tourists were insulted , probably because that 's more likely to hit close to home for us . 
  try as we might sometimes , we 'll never truly be rid of each other . 
   how has brexit affected your interest/ability concerning employment in the uk in the future ? 
  it 's always been something i 'm open to , but it was already pretty much my last choice within the eu . 
  i 'd still go if the job was significantly better than other offers within the eu , same as i would in many other non-eu countries . 
  bottom line : my interest has n't been significantly affected . 
   how do you feel about the uk as a travel destination ? 
  how did you feel about it before the brexit vote ? 
  i 've been to glasgow and a couple cities in england . 
  would do glasgow and london again , given the opportunity . 
  has n't changed anything in that regard . 
  i do feel resentful , maybe even a little hurt , but i 'd still travel there . 
  my mother , though , has been reading what the media has to say about the racist and xenophobic incidents since brexit , and her view is : `` if they 're going to insult their tourists , fine , i 'll spend my money elsewhere . '', 
   do you feel more welcome , or less welcome , in the uk after hearing about the outcome of the vote ? 
  why do you feel this way ? 
  i 'm french . 
  xd we love to hate the british ( especially the english ) . 
  feel neither more nor less welcome than before . 
   has the treatment of uk citizens in your country changed since the vote ? 
  has their behavior towards residents of your country changed since the vote ? 
  not to my knowledge for the first ( i mean , there 's probably a little more resentment than before , a feeling of `` good riddance '' among some people , and concern for the future of the eu among others ) . 
  but treatment of actual uk citizens living here ... not that i know of . 
  for the second , no clue . 
   do you think this change will positively or negatively impact uk culture ? 
  does different have to be better or worse ? 
  what is `` uk culture '' ? 
  seen them in france and the czech republic ( well , prague at least ) . 
  i barely notice them anymore . 
  i have no clue what they are , sorry !, 
  surprisingly enough , same here . 
  not that i needed another reason to not vote fn , but ... 
  thanks for the link , i 'm going to spend an hour or so reading that site and being horrified . 
  okay , so , this is going to sound funny , but i do n't eat cheese and am probably not the best person to ask . 
  however , the french * love * cheese . 
  when we lived in the us when i was little , * damn * did my parents miss it . 
  ( i , personally , grew up disliking cheese , and did n't come around until after years in europe . ), 
  the stuff i consider cheese ... well , for a start , it does n't contain food coloring . 
  i 'm sorry , i just did n't know this existed . 
  give me a few minutes to get used to this new worldview and maybe i 'll get it ^ butprobablynot . 
  it 's okay , i still love you . 
  i tried these again recently . 
  i lived in the states for a few years as a kid , and a couple years ago i found these in a tiny foreign shop here and just thought , * hey , why not ? 
  old times ' sake and all . 
  * no one could finish them . 
  we tried them both cold and microwaved . 
  i also hate throwing stuff away , but ... 
  i 've hardly been everywhere in the eu , so i ca n't answer that , but i would be inclined to say no , there is n't . 
  could be totally , totally wrong though . 
  it just looks like something i would never be interested in and it would never have occurred to me to invent something like that . 
  sprayed `` cheese . '', 
  i 'm still reeling here . 
  i was referring to the current climate , since that 's what the op seemed to be pointing to . 
  but hell yes , we have a pretty shameful history , and it was n't just polish migrants . 
  i 'm too young to have witnessed any of the widespread racism against poles , but it 's important to be aware of the past , so thank you . 
  i can absolutely believe it was that bad . 
  i do think that today they 're one of the better-integrated minorities , the kind you just ... never hear much about . 
  by now , many of the descendents of the 1920s ( and later ) polish migrants are french anyway -- i went to school with french wosinskis and traczyks . 
  soooo .
