clearly , a lot of people care , at least enough to post about it on reddit . 
  i 've just been ignoring those posts . 
  :p works well for me . 
  with the extended interview [ here ] ( http://sicnoticias.sapo.pt/pais/2016-08-23-a-versao-dos-filhos-do-embaixador-do-iraque ) . 
  everything , from the story to the apology , is way too smooth and detached to reflect any kind of `` remorse . '', 
  they are victims of society , really ? 
  is anyone intelligent really going to believe this kind of thing is commonplace in portugal ? 
  do they even realize what state they left the kid in ? 
  even if things happened * exactly * as they describe ( ha ) , you only have to look at their perfectly healthy state and then read an article about how ruben ended up * in a medically-induced coma needing surgery * to know something 's up . 
  see no reason to swap , really . 
  if i had to , though , probably sweden or germany . 
  it was a great match . 
  [ here ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/prevalence_of_tobacco_consumption#oecd_2015_rankings ) you go . 
  apparently could n't decide between mandarin and spanish . 
  the same number of people voted for each . 
  the attacks have revived something of a patriotic flame i did n't even know existed . 
  it 's not that i ca n't see our flaws , or that i think it 's the best place on earth . 
  i do n't even want to spend the rest of my life in france , but i consider myself so lucky to have been born there and , if it came down to it ... 
  i mean , i do believe france is * worth * fighting for . 
  i do n't know what i was expecting , but 29 % does n't seem too bad , especially given how vague the question is . 
  there 's nothing we can do either , and it does suck . 
  thank you . 
  thanks for the laugh . 
  i am genuinely scared of the fn , though . 
  as much as i never want this to be a reality ... that 's * good * . 
   europe will finally be able to actually do what it needs to , and not be held hostage by bully uk . 
  no more exceptions , no more rebates , no more opt-outs . 
  this is what i 've been telling myself to make myself believe i do n't care that much . 
  so far it 's working okay . 
  if le pen ( who is probably the strongest supporter of a `` frexit '' ) passed , we would have bigger problems than worrying about a frexit . 
  i do n't even want to contemplate it . 
  please no . 
   a ) pretending not to understand them how does that go then ? 
  `` i 'm sorry , i do n't understand what you 're saying . 
  do you speak english ? '', 
  that does n't sound like a smart strategy . 
  i 'd vote blank if i wanted a `` prostest vote . '', 
  our first round has traditionally been the `` vote de conviction , '' it seems weird to vote for someone in the first round while * intending * to vote against them in the second round . 
  i 'd really say most le pen first round voters would also vote for her in the second round . 
  hopefully they 're ( almost ) the only ones . 
  i was disappointed . 
  this could totally count as clickbait . 
  yeah , pretty much . 
  i do n't think he 'd be my president of choice ( i 'm waiting to see his program ) , but if it 's a choice between him and fillon or le pen , you can bet my vote will be going to him . 
  what program ? 
  ah , so basically you really hope fillon and le pen will lose . 
  yeah , me too ... 
  can i ask why ? 
  and he was a minister under hollande and valls -- minister * of the economy * , no less . 
  then he quit and said he wanted to be president . 
  i 'm not sure what people are expecting of him given he has n't given us a program yet , so maybe they 're just hopeful or something . 
  same whenever i drive through the czech republic . 
  we play count the skoda octavias on the parking lots . 
  a lot of people here would probably also rather vote for a centrist than a far right politician . 
  unfortunately , fillon is far from being a centrist in france . 
  he 's to the right of the usual right . 
  i 've always said i would never ever vote fn , but i can understand why people , if faced with that choice , would vote le pen . 
  i had n't seen this yet . 
  * thank you . 
  where 's the problem ? 
  we improved it . 
  merci !, 
  do they tell french people learning french ? 
  i do n't remember learning this . 
  i never put a space ... : /, 
  i would n't , but it 's a pretty common opinion . 
  do n't lie to him !, 
  here i sit , still waiting for ze ordnung to flow through me . 
  i do n't get it , everyone arounds me see him as someone who offers nothing but * predictability * . 
  i think i 'll take merkel over this idiot . 
  agreed ... 
  i have a hard time grasping the strategy here tbh . 
  source please . 
  do point me to napoleon talking about the alliance fran\u00e7aise of shanghai ( established in the '90s ) and france being the top tourist destination worldwide , sounds interesting . 
  the people i know who voted for him think his choice is consistent with the ideas he defended during the campaign . 
  and they do n't feel they need to be told whom to vote for . 
  it 's everyone else who is getting pissed off at m\u00e9lenchon 's silence . 
  thirded , lived there 4 years . 
  the city center is beautiful . 
  they exist . 
  the flavored ones are fine , pineapple especially . 
  `` natural '' ( no other fruit flavor , but sweetened as fuck ) is meh . 
  i tried out of curiosity , but i would n't make it my morning drink . 
  there are some in asian food stores and organic food stores . 
  i would not call them popular . 
  about 2,400 if my expenses stayed the same . 
  but they probably would n't . 
  when i 'm in the city where i go to uni , every day . 
  in an ideal world it would be my preference but in real life it has n't played out that way . 
  i settled for having sex with people i knew well and trusted ( and who were n't extremely promiscuous ) . 
  i did get tested back in september , which was easy and great for peace of mind , and my boyfriend showed me his test results from just after his last relationship . 
  but by then we 'd been having sex for a couple months . 
   what 's your rationale ? 
  i was in love . 
  ration-what ? 
   is there a stigma against testing in your country ? 
  i do n't know about * stigma * but sometimes i 'm a bit baffled by the attitude towards it . 
  my ex-girlfriend seemed to think she was immune since she was a lesbian . 
  i once brought up testing ( just herself , not even her partner ! ), 
  with a friend who 's had more sexual partners than me and she said * why * ?
