  i have an overall positive view of our police and gendarmerie . 
  have never had problems with them and appreciate that the force is kind of necessary . 
  must be sheltered because i 've never heard of the stereotype of our police not being very smart people , but i 'm not too surprised . 
  i 'm biased because my aunt is a cop , but still . 
  i do n't often hear police being badmouthed . 
  i do n't believe in any god , am not a member of any organized religion , never pray but sometimes meditate , and call myself an atheist . 
  as for what i think about religion , i do n't mind it if it stays in the private sphere . 
  personally , i think in the 21st century we 'd be better off without most of them . 
  i 've lived there . 
  i was a kid and was very happy . 
  lots of fun to be had when you 're a kid . 
  disneyworld , seaworld , the everglades , amusement parks , etc. 
  you have amazing , * amazing * landscapes . 
  i like cities , towns , and villages here better though . 
  i like * living * here better , but would definitely visit again . 
  i feel solidly european . 
  i 've travelled a bit and lived in three european countries , and everywhere i 've just felt that vibe that , yes , i 'm european . 
  i ca n't describe it ; it 's just a thing for me , i suppose . 
  but i am also definitely a citizen of * france * . 
  i do n't think we 're in the majority though . 
  my family and some of my friends do feel that there is such a thing as a european identity . 
  one of my roommates , though , told me he thought i had that mentality because i 've traveled . 
  he said he did n't have that view , that `` europe '' was something other than a geographical zone . 
  he went traveling a bit this summer , so i 'm eager to see whether he 's felt the magic . 
  :p it was meant to be a joke . 
  that word is scary long . 
  typical of german . 
  alsace-moselle is not bound by france 's * la\u00efcit\u00e9 * , which iirc is because you had it back when we passed our law on the separation of church and state . 
  interesting , is n't it ? 
   unholy are you sure that 's the word you were looking for ? 
   beleidigunsparagraphen okay , i wo n't argue semantics with you . 
  ever . 
  but yeah , getting rid of the church/state connection sounds good . 
  sometimes i wish we could do something about alsace-moselle too ( that one 's totally on you , germany ) . 
  see ? 
  something else we 're not proud of . 
  now we 're more ridiculous than even the brits !, 
  oh , i discovered a new sub today . 
  not up to r/shitamericanssay standards though ... 
  i guess they have less material to work with . 
  yeah , we have * comp\u00e8re * and * comm\u00e8re * that , historically , had that meaning , but are not used that way anymore . 
  * comp\u00e8re * mostly means partner in crime , or stooge , these days . 
  * comm\u00e8re * means a gossip . 
  i saw the question and was like : * hey , this one 's for us !, 
  france at the top for once !, 
  there 's so much to choose from !, 
  * it 's okay , france , i still love you ... 
  you 're allowed to have a screen within your field of vision if it 's only being used as a gps . 
  so yeah , you can use those windscreen things to hold your phone ( which you 're not allowed to have in your hand ) if it 's only telling you where to go . 
  calls , texts , games , etc are not allowed . 
  i know this because of * pillars of the earth * . 
  i should educate myself more . 
  my automatic , `` reflex '' answer was * vichy * , partly because yesterday was remembrance day so it was still on my mind , and partly because in my experience it 's more prominent and more talked about at school and in daily life . 
  i thought about the colonies before answering , but stuck with vichy , probably out of habit . 
  but yes . 
  that 's another thing ... and more france 's fault than vichy was . 
  you know what ? 
  i had no idea that brand even existed xd, 
  i mean , i 'm not * ashamed * -- i do n't take any personal responsibility for it -- but it 's definitely an ugly page in our history . 
  roundups like vel ' d'hiv , camps , and all ... 
  my brother is one , so they exist ... my school ( uni ) also has students who have fun with it . 
  there are , like , thousands of them in the country !, 
  well , this is reddit , after all . 
  i officially love this sub now . 
  not fair , nordics answering before the rest of us . 
   the white of the kingdom of france . 
  * braces self for white flag of surrender jokes *, 
  not going to argue with that !, 
  unnecessary waste is unnecessary waste . 
  well , the farmers kind of have a point ... and what the hell would we do without our agriculture . 
  it 's definitely the railway workers we get pissed at more . 
   when i was in france this summer i did n't eat dinner a single time but but but our * gastronomie * !, 
  you heathen . 
  and champagne in france . 
  and a whole lot of other stuff , but champagne is the easy example . 
  what are you , american ? 
  ^ it 's ^ okay, 
  done !, 
  haha , nice to know i did n't miss the most important thing . 
  true , i was n't there long so i imagine that helped . 
  i still think it 's * under * rated because i 'd never heard any hype about it ( unlike cities like paris , prague , or rome ) . 
  i guess going in with zero expectations helped a lot . 
  :p plus , belgian beer . 
  french and english fluently . 
  my spanish is decent ( b2 ) , and my german and portuguese are quasi non-existent but i 'm supposed to be working on them . 
  in school you have two mandatory languages if you 're following the `` general '' education system ( usually english + spanish or german , but you can also get italian , chinese or other foreign or regional languages , depending on the school ) , and you can have a third as an elective . 
  not that anyone should base their language education system on ours . 
  i usually have a hard time finishing the glass ... 
  really ? 
  i went to brussels twice earlier this year and my impression was that it 's vastly * underrated * . 
  like no one ever told me brussels was a place i had to visit , but i thought it was * beautiful * and really interesting . 
  plus waffles , chocolate , and fries . 
  sadly , i agree . 
  there are things to see , things i love , etc ; but i do n't like the atmosphere and it 's * way * overrated compared to other cities . 
   been to :  london , ** france ** , prague , bucharest , oslo , lisbon , budapest , and that 's it for now . 
  france , capital city of europe . 
  i 'm so proud right now . 
  i 've been to : paris , madrid , lisbon , prague , london , budapest , brussels , and stockholm . 
  oh and amsterdam airport xd . 
  i want to go to : rome , vienna , bucarest , amsterdam , athens , bratislava , dublin , copenhagen ... okay you know what all of them .
