  -- i 'm sick . '' i 'm sure you can see why learners often find this confusing . 
  any return to narration for a full sentence ( john thought mary was annoying ) , interrupting the conversation , requires closing the * guillemets * and opening them again on a new line when someone starts speaking again . 
  these days in novels it 's quite common to find only the em dashes , with the * guillemets * being completely omitted . 
  for quotes inside a quote , `` `` ... '' '' when typing on a computer , we often use english quotation marks '' ... '' because the * guillemets * are n't easily accessible on our keyboards . 
  and the habit sometimes makes its way into our handwriting as well . 
  my campus is the same size and i 've seen * two * vapers . 
  most of the smokers i know roll their own . 
  i think for most it 's that they like the feel of an actual cigarette , and do n't want to pay the initial upfront cost for an e-cigarette . 
  if my roommates wanted to start vaping instead i would support that . 
  pretty decently . 
  we 're long-distance so that sucks , but we visit about once a month and apparently so far we both think it 's worth it . 
  we speak english together even though it is n't a native language for either of us . 
  we 're fluent , so it works fine . 
   guess the profession of the mothers i like the way you phrase things . 
   alcampo oh , that 's right ; i remember being very amused when i shopped at an * alcampo * in spain . 
  til you 're right . 
  still do n't care . 
  i came here to say `` unfortunately not enough . '', 
  i do n't remember seeing even the national flag back then , though it 's mandatory now . 
  certainly not the eu flag . 
  maybe i just never paid attention . 
  pretty sure the eu flag is n't mandatory though . 
  i think most of us just sound french . 
  still more expensive than calls and sms only for most carriers . 
  i limit my data usage for texts abroad ( whatsapp ) but send a bunch of normal texts . 
  that 's okay , i 'm trying and failing to learn german . 
  i also pronounce them exactly the same . 
  shit , i did n't know that , but now it seems obvious . 
  i 'm learning german and this is also my answer . 
  i 'm sure my grammar is atrocious , but that 's not the biggest obstacle ; my biggest problem is actually coming up with a sentence that expresses what i * want * to say . 
  whether it 's grammatically correct or not comes after . 
  in spanish or portuguese , i can just wing it and work my way around things . 
  i started portuguese * after * german , but between french and spanish , even if i make mistakes i can get my point across . 
  german , i just stand there with my mouth open thinking * how the heck do you say this ? 
  or that ? 
  well , if i knew how to say this other thing , maybe i could ... but i do n't know that word , either . 
  not particularly . 
  i think it 's beautiful and more `` artistic , '' in a way , than english , but i do n't really find it * hot * . 
  i find many foreign languages hotter , probably just because the foreignness itself is sexy to me . 
  spanish , russian and german sound hotter to me , portuguese sounds cuter , and italian sounds more sensual . 
  i think a lot of french people like the way italian sounds . 
  damn , i 'm part of the 9 % . 
  apparently other women in europe have better things to do with their lives than be on r/europe . 
  excuse me while i reassess my life . 
  he 's hardly pro-abortion , but he is pro-choice and would n't touch abortion laws . 
  being anti-abortion * should * be political suicide here , i hope . 
  i mean , i guess there 's marion mlp ... we did talk a bit about abortion [ recently ] ( http://www.care2.com/causes/france-criminalizes-misleading-anti-abortion-websites.html ) , but not in a `` is abortion a right ? '', 
  way . 
  depends , are the others american ? 
  italy , if you want to take the original off our hands , she 's all yours . 
   le penne hehehe . 
  that 's so cute , i had no idea that particular song was taught in foreign languages classes . 
  what the ... why do you know this ? 
   is it feasible ? 
  you 've listed 9 destinations , over 21 days . 
  is it possible ? 
  sure , but i personally would hate it . 
  it 's better to spend more than 2 days in each place , if only to give you a break from the trains/planes . 
  of course , we may not have the same priorities . 
  what 's your focus going to be ? 
  partying , visiting some touristy places , or going to the beach ? 
   what are some cool perks of being european since you 're talking eu , the schengen area is pretty awesome . 
  also , most of us wo n't charge you an arm and a leg if you get sick . 
   how would i best integrate into the eu community ? 
  by living here and being adaptable . 
   what are some good places to go to college here depends on which languages you speak , what you want to study , and where you want to work . 
   what are some cool things about europe you want to tell a new member of the community welcome !, 
   and what are some great places to check out way too many to list . 
   the main perk of being european is that you get to watch the eurovision song contest all right , i take [ it ] ( https://np.reddit.com/r/askeurope/comments/5qco2m/do_you_feel_european_and_connected_to_the_other/dcz15jw/ ) back , i do n't feel european . 
  yes , i do . 
  i 've lived in a non-french european country , my parents currently live in yet another , and my boyfriend is of a different european nationality and living in yet another european country . 
  i end up crossing the border regularly , so yes , i feel `` connected . '', 
  and i feel european . 
  tbf this week has been quite entertaining ... 
  1 ) no clue how people are assigned where , but they 're going to learn about the community on the job anyway . 
  2 ) honestly , no , but i also think it 's not their fault . 
  i know a cop ( in marseille , no less ) , and i 'd say she 's a pretty good one , but i only have to hear her complain about the paperwork and her coworkers and subordinates to know we 're not as effective as we could be . 
  she goes to scatter a roma camp and they greet her with `` hi , [ first name ] ! '', 
  because she 's dismantled camps with the exact same people three times already . 
  they ca n't do anything with them , but they 're required to go see them and pretend to kick them out anyway . 
  waste of time , like a lot of things she has to do , and it frustrates the hell out of her . 
  many of her subordinates are `` sick '' way too often , and when she mentions having to report them they 'll see a some psycho-babbling doctor and plead guilty to depression or stress or whatever . 
  note , i think she 's a good cop , and i 'm sure she 's far from the only one , and i respect our police ... 
  but it could be better . 
  3 ) nah , not worried at all . 
  in that link she 's ahead * in the first round * ( which is not news at all ) , but would still lose in the second round . 
  at least read the article before asking . 
  i mean , anything 's possible , and i do n't want to jinx it . 
  it would have been an understandable question ... without the link . 
  just checked and my laptop is set to english , as are all the programs i 've installed . 
  i had n't given it any thought , but ... apparently i do . 
  i do n't think that survey will help you understand much . 
  aside from the useless question asking for a name , it assumes you always exchange money in the same way . 
  i mean , sometimes i exchange money at home , sometimes i just rely on my card , sometimes i exchange it there . 
  i just pick the one that 's more convenient . 
  my most enjoyable experience was with lufthansa , but i just pick the company that 's taking me where i want to go , when i want to go , at the price i 'm willing to pay . 
  it 's just a few hours on a plane ; as long as it does n't crash i 'm satisfied . 
  change it ? 
  over my dead body . 
   the people you know are define by a high number of different reasons .
