  2 years later , the second language is mandatory for all students in the `` general '' section ( not tech ) , until they get their high school diploma . 
  most people take either german or spanish , though other languages are available in many schools ( italian , dutch , chinese , arabic ... it depends on the school ) . 
  aside from people who grew up bilingual , most people graduate high school with enough knowledge in 2 foreign languages to get their diploma ( a mix of tests in both written and oral comprehension and expression ) and survive abroad , but not much more . 
  they 'll forget most of what they 've learned if they do n't use it . 
  i 've certainly been told i 'm culturally catholic . 
  i think it 's accurate . 
  it does n't , however , stop anyone from believing me when i say i 'm an atheist . 
  just because catholicism has influenced the culture i grew up in , does n't mean i believe in god or am catholic , and pretty much everyone here gets that . 
  i 've celebrated christmas with my family every year i 've been alive . 
  the name `` jesus '' is never uttered and no prayers are ever said . 
  we just eat a shit ton of food and open presents . 
  and do they know that in portugal turkeys come from peru , but in france they 're from india ? 
  is it traditionally ice cream ? 
  that 's my favorite kind ( mango , or passion fruit , or raspberry ... mm ) , but i 've always seen a lot of cake-based * b\u00fbches patissi\u00e8res * and thought those were more traditional . 
  we have a [ national id card ] ( http://magiedumoment.m.a.pic.centerblog.net/2939ccd1.jpg ) . 
  it 's valid 15 years if you 're an adult ( 10 if you 're under 18 ) ; so after 15 years you get a new one with an updated picture . 
  since it 's free , i do n't know a single person who does n't have it , though it is n't compulsory . 
  no chip , machine-readable . 
  you can use a driver 's license , or a student card , or similar state-issued document as id . 
  i usually carry my student card since it doubles as `` cheaper cinema ticket please . '', 
  i carry my national id card when travelling in eu/eea countries and switzerland , and a passport ( not as many people have one , since it 's not free :p ) outside . 
  i 'm not sure i would call it * admiration * , but i like english . 
  it 's easy and it 's useful , and it 's given me so many books ( and online fanfiction ) to read -- what 's not to like ? 
  there 's certainly * enough * available in french to be comfortable , and most people i know stick to those parts . 
  my english is good enough to navigate the english-speaking parts on top of the french-speaking part , so why would i restrict myself ? 
  there 's still * more * content in english . 
  when i was in school having to look up stuff for presentations , i 'd search first in french then in english , and now i do the reverse for anything i 'm interested in -- search in english and , if i 'm not satisfied , try french . 
  besides , i like english . 
  89.06 $ right now . 
  it fluctuates a lot . 
  this time last week , i had about 2 $ in my wallet . 
  so am i and so is everyone i 've bothered to have a conversation with about this , and apparently [ 75 % of the population ] ( http://www.atlantico.fr/rdv/politico-scanner/1972-2014-comment-francais-ont-evolue-ivg-sonfage-ifop-978807.html ) agrees . 
  my boyfriend is portuguese . 
  the euro sucked . 
  other than that , eh , we 're not too different culturally ... except that we have different opinions on what `` expensive '' is . 
  native : french bilingual : english ( learned as a kid ) decent : spanish making progress : portuguese shitty : german, 
  and i agree . 
  do n't tell my friends though . 
  english . 
  it 's the only language i have in common with my so , and it 's often the most useful one when i travel ( since i speak it better than languages i 'm learning ) . 
  no , but i 'm very * grateful * i was born french , and there are situations in which i could conceivably fight for my country . 
  nope . 
  i 'd go anywhere . 
  i do n't * have * to move , i just want to . 
  i want to travel and experience living in more places . 
  if i had to pick just one , i 'd probably pick germany -- they have awesome beer , it 's still not too far from my so , * and * if i learned german , which i hope to , my job prospects would be okay-ish . 
   what do you think is the best country in europe to live and why ? 
  ah , that 's another question altogether . 
  hard to say . 
  there are so many i have n't been to yet , and i 've never disliked one i * have * been to . 
  as it stands right now , i would probably say spain , followed by poland and czechia . 
  by this time next year , i hope to be able to answer germany . 
  fine so far , we 're having fun . 
  we speak english together though it is n't a native language for either of us . 
  we 're both fluent in english but only speak the other 's language at a * very * basic level . 
  we met in person on a trip but are long-distance and have been for the ( short ) duration of the relationship , so we see each other once a month ( in 5 different countries so far ) . 
  usa : lived there as a kid . 
  things were huge . 
  people , too . 
  i had a lot of fun though ; the usa is like one big playground for a kid who does n't have to worry about paying for healthcare or getting vacations . 
  and all the amusement parks ... wow , i was spoiled . 
  mexico , greece , tunisia , maldives : only went to very touristy , beachy places so ca n't say much . 
  all beautiful though ; the waters around sun island ( maldives ) may be the most beautiful thing i 've ever been . 
  egypt : amazing . 
  yeah , i saw the ancient egypt stuff mostly , obviously . 
  xd canada : awesome !, 
  felt a little american , but much less so , in a good way . 
  double post yay, 
  i guess that looks decent !, 
  :p we 'll see where life takes me , anyway . 
  i 'll go there some day , but who knows for how long . 
  maybe somewhere in south america . 
  i 'm learning spanish and portuguese , and i 'd love to become fluent . 
  or new zealand , new zealand sounds great . 
  that said , i do n't love warm climates , so i 'd probably end up in canada instead . 
  i do n't have a car , so if i need to go somewhere in france for the weekend , yeah , it will be on a train ( high speed if it 's far away , regional if it 's ... regional ) . 
  this happens , what , two or three times a year maybe ? 
  when i go abroad , if it 's something like belgium i 'll also take the train , but anywhere further than that and plane is often faster , cheaper , or both . 
  oh , and i took a bus to the south of spain once because it was cheap . 
  yup , that annoys me whenever i leave/come back , which is several times a year . 
  i love free movement . 
   at a four exit roundabout ( in europe ) the right hand lane is used to for exits 1,2 and 3 . 
  if you 're turning left , why do you stay in the outside lane ? 
  oh really ? 
  that 's not what they 're teaching me in driving school . 
  in theory we definitely do it the way you described as the `` uk perspective . '', 
  as i said , * basically * . 
  as eeeking said , * practically * indistinguishable . 
  certainly close enough that i do n't hear the difference . 
  maybe if i spoke much slower than i ever do . 
  i called them trash bags . 
  they do the job on the boat and make for fun pictures , but somewhere off the boat i got `` misted '' and regretted not having a hood . 
  it was probably starting to rain . 
  a holiday ? 
  either niagara falls in canada , or los cabos in mexico . 
  my first time * going * abroad was the us though ( from where i got to visit the aforementioned places ) . 
  i remember the niagara falls . 
  it was like it was raining , except it was n't . 
  i remember the exact raincoat i was wearing because it did n't have a hood , which i regretted very much . 
  it was really cute , though .
