  that 's why i mentioned '' * i * know '' plenty of people who speak more than 1 language , but specifically added that i do n't think it 's true for a majority . 
  i live in a neighborhood with a significant number of people from immigrant backgrounds and study at a uni/school where you have to keep taking classes in 2 foreign languages like in high school . 
  that obviously colors my impressions . 
   speaking a language means being able to converse with someone who speaks it too . 
  you do n't need to be fluent in order to do that . 
  if that 's how we 're defining it , i agree , most people will be able to have a conversation in another language , using their knowledge of it and gestures . 
  i was just curious as to how we were defining the ability to `` speak '' a language , since it sounded vague to me . 
  how are we defining `` speak '' ? 
  i know plenty of people who know more than one language , usually because of their heritage ( arabic and portuguese come to mind ) , but for * most * people imo it 's just french , with * some * english ( but i 'd never point to someone in the street and say , `` i bet he * speaks * english '' ) , and a few phrases in a third language that they remember from high school . 
  young people are a bit more proficient because their classes in language x or y are n't far away , or because they spend time on the english-speaking parts of the internet , but i really would n't say a * lot * of them speak two languages unless the other one is their parents ' language ( portuguese and arabic come to mind ) . 
  when i read the title i thought i 'd panic about my abysmal german skills , but then i remembered switzerland is closer . 
  i 'm pretty sure we could live with being bought by switzerland for , uh , a decent price . 
  iceland , ireland , finland . 
  i wan na go north and enjoy the beautiful sights and lovely weather . 
  more common in supermarkets and for big purchases or payments like rent . 
  a lot of places do n't accept them anymore , but everyone i know has a chequebook that 's not completely useless . 
  cash : i buy most of my groceries at outdoor markets so use cash for that . 
  i use cash to buy bread at the boulangerie too , since mine only takes card for purchases over 5 euro . 
  debit card : if i 'm spending more than 20 euro in a restaurant or store , i 'll use my card . 
  i also use cheques to pay my rent and most administrative stuff . 
  more generally , though , debit and cash are common for daily purchases , and cheques are ... not uncommon , especially compared to other countries . 
  credit cards are pretty rare , i think . 
  i think they all sound different , but that does n't mean i ca n't understand them ( in the video and when i 've met people ; i 'm sure there are people out there i would n't understand ) . 
  i know the words , so i recognize them even through a thick accent , maybe * because english is a language i 'm used to speaking with non-natives . 
  * i 've spoken with natives too , but it 's * also * the default if i meet a portuguese person , a polish person , a german person . 
  i 've sometimes found people with uncommon accents harder to understand in french because i 'm not as used to hearing french spoken outside of metropolitan france . 
  germany : stuff that works . 
  oh , and beer . 
  belgium : the chocolate and the beer . 
  switzerland : more chocolate . 
  spain : the beaches and the language . 
  italy : the sea , the language , and pizza . 
  luxembourg , monaco , andorra : oh dear , i do n't know enough about them to even pinpoint one ... 
  sorry guys . 
  i would n't say jules is manly , though it is used as a noun . 
  when i was in high school my dad would say stuff like , * alors , c'est qui ton jules ? 
  * implying * boyfriend * , not * raaawr a man !, 
  it was n't explicit , but i thought you might be , given that you 're starting in poland !, 
  :p enjoy your trip . 
  internet connection is not going to be a problem in most cities . 
  if you 're going to be in wroclaw , i * highly * recommend krakow as well if you have n't been there already ( though you might be from poland ? ) . 
  it 's beautiful and cost of living should be comparable . 
  not the warmest place to be in the winter , but i remember very decent summers . 
  unfortunately a lot of cool cities are going to have significantly higher costs of living ( prague for example ; not that prague is * expensive * , but more so than wroclaw , yes . 
  i mean , wroclaw is not exactly expensive ) . 
  that said , for a 2-month stay you could pick a smaller city/town an hour or so away from the bigger , touristy city and benefit from lower prices but still be able to be a tourist on days when it suits you . 
  the south of portugal is going to have the warm temperatures you 're looking for ( again , * more expensive * than wroclaw ) . 
  both spain and portugal , actually , have cities that combine lowish cost of living ( well , for a frenchman anyway ) and warm weather . 
  for lower costs of living you 're probably going to have to stay in the east/south , * and * stay away from the capitals -- i suppose you 'd figured that out already . 
  i 've heard good things about serbia too . 
  i have a friend who * really * enjoyed his stay in lithuania , though you 'd be saying bye bye to your dreams of warm weather i suppose . 
  poland : 2 years . 
  czech republic : 4-5 months . 
  spain : maybe a month ? 
  portugal : something like 2.5 weeks . 
  scotland : 2 weeks . 
  england : maybe 1.5 weeks . 
  and 8,9,10 : italy , germany , greece , belgium kind of tied at 5-6 days . 
  i was in prague this summer and got taken for venezuelan . 
  it was just funny , not insulting . 
  besides , even when i 'm not traveling i sometimes get taken for a foreigner . 
  honestly in some countries not being identified as french is a small blessing . 
  hm , guess that was a bad joke . 
  everyone knows wine does n't count . 
  be careful , i 've heard non-muslims are n't welcome in france these days . 
  you might want to read up on sharia law . 
  and do avoid all the no-go zones like all the locals do . 
  also , lyon is super easy to get to from grenoble and well worth the visit . 
  it depends on whom i 'm talking/writing to , but in general i use the american words naturally because they were the first i learned ( except when i need to say `` flatmate '' because that word is way too useful ) . 
  middle school : art , music , physical education . 
  high school : physical education . 
  [ this ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jvwv2k6gvcy ) was my favorite growing up . 
  it 's not exactly a traditional christmas song , but i loved singing along , because , uh , rudeness . 
  it references [ * petit papa no\u00ebl * ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ywmo3gnroqw ) , which is much cuter and known by everyone . 
  we also have jingle bells , o tanenbaum , stille nacht etc translated obviously . 
  i 'm not even christian , but i really like * [ il est n\u00e9 le divin enfant ] * ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ikr-29cof64 ) . 
  my parents live in a different country . 
  the city where i attend uni is about 1400 km away . 
  then my brother lives around 600 km away ( from me ) , i have grandparents and some aunts and uncles and cousins 500km away , an aunt 300 km away , an uncle 550 km away . 
  technically , i have un uncle in the city where i go to uni , but i 've never met him . 
  oh , and my grandma likes to hang out 12 000 km away . 
  i 'm not sure i would always call it `` visiting , '' but i cross the border several times a year . 
  this year , i 've done it ... 9 times that i can count . 
  have n't been outside europe in a few years , though . 
  currently learning spanish , portuguese , german . 
  interested in learning : german , vietnamese , esperanto , mandarin , swedish , arabic ( which dialect ? 
  eek ) , php , css , python , html ... actually intend to learn : german , esperanto , python , and the language of whichever country i 'll live in for a significant amount of time . 
  i will probably still be studying german 10 years from now at the rate it 's going . 
  an american with french grandparents is an american to me regardless of where they live . 
  i 'd consider them french if they had french citizenship and spoke french . 
  `` is paris very far from france ? '', 
  about a dozen years ago . 
  you can play guess the nationality if you want . 
  i 'm french/english bilingual . 
  i understand spanish well and can express myself passably ( b2 ) . 
  my uni requires me to study 2 languages in addition to my engineering courses , so i 'm learning portuguese ( after spanish , i 'm finding it relatively easy so far ) and german ( i suck at it ) . 
  in france , you 're `` introduced '' to english at school at around age 7 . 
  i remember my little cousins singing * jingle bells * to me one christmas . 
  i 'd say real english classes start when you start middle school at 11 . 
  most students only take english for 2 years , but in some schools you can opt to choose a second foreign language right away .
