  in return we gave them football players . 
  so that excuses your actions ? 
  why drop to their level . 
  even more so abroad . 
  you feel much closer to them when you are surrounded by complete foreigners . 
  hah , looks like no one seems to agree with you . 
  stop spreading lies scum . 
  how so ? 
  why was kosovo allowed ? 
  sadly , chances are this will never happen . 
  politicians use this garbage as a way to distract people from the real issues . 
  i think it would be best for both of our countries to let us keep the serb majority ( a small amount of land ) and let the kosovars have the rest . 
  no point in leaving those people stranded . 
  because they hate us . 
  double standards . 
  i said a majority of the municipalities . 
  obviously there are municipalities within republika srpska ( 1991 ) that are bosniak majority . 
  i know , look at the map you posted , look at a map of republika srpska . 
  compare that map to the map of republika srpska and you will see that the a majority of the municipalities have a serb majority on the 1991 map . 
  i was simply mocking the ops comment on the original post . 
  but to be honest with you , i probably could n't tell bosnia apart from other nearby countries . 
  apart from banja luka image of course . 
  false , look at the demographic i linked in a previous comment , there was always a majority there . 
  even so , if this was true republika srpska would simply be smaller . 
  wikipedia figure only included the srebrenica figures , so i checked the ones you have mentioned . 
  vi\u0161egrad estimates are 1000-3000 deaths , fo\u0107a seems to be 200 and i found nothing for trebinje . 
  are they not facing consequences ? 
  they have been stuck in that shit hole for years , and are most likely going to be tried for war crimes . 
  if anything , it is croatian criminals that did n't receive what they deserved . 
  where did i say it was good ? 
  i am simply giving figures here . 
  ethnic cleansing did n't create a serb majority , it was always there . 
  what are you trying to get at here ? 
  those places have existed before man kind . 
  kosovo was firced upon serbia , what is your point ? 
  around 80,000 bosniaks died during the war , only 10 % of those deaths were due to genocide . 
  even if all those people and their descendants were around today , there would still be a huge majority . 
  1991 demographic : https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/demographic_history_of_bosnia_and_herzegovina#/media/file%3abih_-_udeo_srba_po_opstinama_1991_to_2013.gif, 
  sure , why not ? 
  i do n't get why you have a problem with republika srpska , there is a huge serb majority there ( +80 % ) , so why should they not have a say ? 
  if it was n't for the title i would put my bet on those scenes being from republika srpska . 
  how weird is that ? 
  if you leave a note at your body , they might just throw it away to avoid the whole situation . 
  i do n't think committing suicide is a very good option for you , or anyone for that matter . 
  as someone has already recommended , just make as much noise as you can on social media , maybe contact some news agencies or popular social media figures , youtubers and such . 
  you have to make it known . 
  some of our balkan neighbours are n't too pleased with the post as it seems . 
  what does genocide even have to do with this ? 
  should the people of republika srpska be permanently trapped within bih just because of the actions of war criminals that have faced the consequences ? 
  do you think this is some form of punishment ? 
  double standards . 
  ah ok , i thought you were implying that eccentric-centrist was `` butthurt '' . 
  partly false ? 
  which part of it ? 
  who ? 
  it clearly matters to a lot of people , including those in kosovo . 
  obviously as a serb i wish we still had kosovo , but what is the point when so much of the population absolutely despise us . 
  if someone wants to be independent , let them . 
  i quite like the pictures though , and i 'm guessing others do , despite his motives . 
  i do n't think republika srpska is really that comparable to crimea or novorossiya , and if they do want independence what is the issue ? 
  what 's wrong with the post , honestly ? 
  but no potato . 
  ah , so much like republika srpska in these photos ? 
  can we go back to the topic at hand ? 
  how is this relevant to the post though ? 
  pretty weird . 
  um ... where is the jk friend ? 
  obviously a croatian comments this . 
  ( jk do n't hurt me ), 
  i would say there are very few , considering that they are taught that their religion is literal fact . 
  those europeans are the ancestors of your nation though , essentially making them `` american '' . 
  small pox was used as a biological weapon , and killed an estimated 90 % of the population . 
  you did kill 90 % of the native population though , that is a fact . 
  pretty please ? 
  the conclusion that i need to watch less movies and read more books . 
  how have you come to this conclusion ? 
  native american culture has nothing to do with modern america , you killed off 90 % them and shoved the rest in reservations . 
  your culture is like 400 years old at best , less than 250 if you take your independence as the beginning . 
  france has existed since the iron age . 
  france is the first country most people think of when fine wine is mentioned . 
  lindt is beautiful . 
  i do n't think any other chocolate brand comes close . 
  but it wine is a huge part of frances culture . 
  i remember watching a documentary on rape in south africa and i think the statistic was that roughly 50 % of women are raped in their lifetime . 
  nope , maybe in your country though . 
  ( jk do n't hurt me ), 
  well i guess that settles it . 
  u r still balkan brother . 
  you can not escape . 
  he has plenty of comments on it though and seems to get along well with the people there . 
  he also had a post about croatia joing the eu and referred to croatia as `` we '' . 
  although it is possible he is a croatian serb as you said . 
  final warning , do n't trigger my inner nationalist . 
  new zealand the one true balkan . 
  the ynla was the most effective anti-fascist movement in europe , they controlled land in yugoslavia while the nazis had pretty much the whole of mainland europe . 
  `` death to fascism , freedom to the people '', 
  he seems to ba very regular poster on / r/croatia , his dialect seems croatian aswell . 
  i can assure you that he is 100 % croat . 
  are you saying russia was better in the 1940 's ?!? 
  edit : this is actually getting downvoted ...
