  had a few in my school , all left by the end of the junior cycle . 
  not that i missed them , at all . 
  cool . 
  that ai n't gon na win crimea back . 
  join us brother . 
  netherlands can into eastern europe . 
  those suspenders are under quite a bit of tension ... 
  quiet , fyrom . 
  the americans are n't taking this joke too well . 
  what a joke . 
  i wonder how she feels about having to treat this man as an equal ... 
  baby do n't hurt me, 
  ok fuck , i get it . 
  fourth time i see this exact same post ... 
  efficiency . 
  pretty sure that 's because the word slave derives from slav . 
  i though the irish call the parliament `` seanad '' ? 
  similarily to wales . 
  damn it , 2 hours late ... 
  none should ever have to though , that 's the issue . 
  it 's a fucking joke , lighten up hard ass . 
  you 're playing a dangerous game , boy . 
  reference to wine being the blood of christ i assume ? 
  3 different words being used in serbia . 
  we are most multi-cultural !, 
  interesting , i should have assumed so as the remainder of your comment is well constructed . 
  what 's with the clump of artifacts in russia ( above kazakhstan ) ? 
  there is an arrow pointing towards a certain point in russia , i assume that means many artifacts were found in that one exact spot . 
  wonder what it is exactly . 
  `` power tends to corrupt , and absolute power corrupts absolutely '', 
  i believe it 's called a pet peeve , never heard anyone say `` pet hate '' . 
  then you see the spiders ... then the snakes ... and pretty much any other animal than has enough posion to kill 20 people . 
  i 'm guessing the building owner hired someone to do this , would n't really call it street art . 
  the design really suits the building and adds some colour to the otherwise depressing atmosphere . 
  are friendlies not green in their games ? 
  india and north america are a different shade compared to the european part shich i was referring to . 
  not sure what is different about those compared to other colonies . 
  some sort of key for the map would be nice , although i assume the different shades signify different levels of control over the areas . 
  other countries that they conquered , not colonised . 
  so it was religiously motivated . 
  it uses the euro and is an official part of the french state , still seems weird to call it part of the eu though . 
  it 's literally in the text you copied and pasted , did you even bother reading it ? 
   the tallest building in europe is the east tower of the federation tower in moscow ( at 374m high ) . 
  if i was living in turkey , i would be getting out as fast as i could right now . 
  some birth rates for you : - nigeria 6.00 - somalia 6.67 - afghanistan 5.14 - south sudan 5.01 - syria 3.00 germany ? 
  eesti can into nordics too . 
  wow , ireland is much lower than i expected . 
  with the amount of wind and empty space here , we ought to run the whole country with wind farms . 
  scum , people like this deserve to rot in prison . 
  anything to keep shareholders happy ... 
  they are turning billions every year and still cutting corners . 
  finally they grew some balls . 
  are you really comparing bosnians to radicalised muslims from the middle-east ? 
  bosnias population is only 51 % muslims and i highly doubt even 1 % would want sharia law , most of them will write `` muslim '' on documents and surveys but i doubt they give a shit . 
  what if what they want is sharia law ? 
  ummm ... 
  journalists are human too . 
  much like us , they also die . 
  they will abuse the fact that we have democracies and destroy us using our own system . 
  hitler had to start somewhere too . 
  do you really think ukraine could do anything if russia went full out on them ? 
  he did n't have to move them because you missed them completely the first time . 
  \\  1972 \\  recent pick one, 
  i live in ireland and went to school here , so i am aware of your history ( at a very basic level ) . 
  i just see no benefit to the average irish person to joining with ni , they cost the uk billions of pounds every year and i do n't see how the roi could sustain them with a far smaller economy . 
  remember when hitler merged the positions of president and chancellor to further consolidate his power ? 
  edit : presideng, 
  why would you want northern ireland anyway ? 
  it would be a money drain . 
  slav masterrace, 
  edit : i was wrong , here is the actual list http://cdn1b.static.pornhub.phncdn.com/insights-static//wp-content/uploads/2016/12/2-pornhub-insights-2016-year-review-country-italy-1.png milf is 2nd , footjob 3rd and mom is 4th . 
  what even ... why did i watch the whole thing ? 
  actually , according to pornhub statistics , you guys would prefer to sleep with your own mothers . 
  ( you also really like feet ), 
  why is the thumbnail that russian kids cartoon ? 
  i thought you guys all live with your mothers ? 
  the commies predicted wi-fi confirmed . 
  they live on dykes . 
  especially when banks now demand a 20 % deposit ( when houses are usually $ 300,000 + at the cheap end ) , and you have to have earned that deposit by yourself in the last 2 years . 
  how do they expect that from people that have only been out of college for a few years , and when the rent prices are ridiculously high ( $ 1500/mo minimum for a two bedroom in my area ) . 
  fair point , i just tried to come up with an example . 
  also as someone else mentioned , it can all be recycled so it 's not too bad in regard to wastefulness . 
  is this not a huge waste of paper ? 
  i do n't know what exactly is on it but could n't they have condensed it a bit ? 
  if it lists all available options , why not have a seperate numbered list on the wall for example , and then you just write the appropriate number on the ballot . 
  i refuse to believe that the difference between ireland and croatia is so small . 
  the wage difference is huge , yet products are similar prices . 
  sadly , most of our renewable energy ( 63 % ) comes from biomass . 
  the eu considers that garbage renewable yet it releases more carbon emissions than coal , and somehow hydroelectric power is n't renewable ? 
  i would n't like to see us invest any further into biomass , as i would assume it will probably lose this `` renewable '' status eventually , and honestly we do n't need more pollution ... 
  regarding the investments , eu countries account for 70 % of our foreign investment . 
  i do n't think serbia is in the position to be making huge investments into renewable energy right now , so it 's quite annoying that the eu has these requirements . 
  it 's going to be a long way to the eu ... 
  i do n't think the eu recognise hydropower as `` renewable '' . 
  we get a lot of power from iron gate , but i do n't think it counts towards are quota for renewables . 
  jimba22 , i assume , was referring to the accuracy of the polls at predicting actual election results . 
  and they certainly were n't accurate in that regard . 
  you call the polls that were in the us accurate ? 
  why do you say that ? 
  ( funnily enough my mother is croatian and my father is serbian ),
