  i guess you idiots actually believe russia was a better place under stalin ... 
  and croatia was nazi in wwii and had death camps . 
  should i just assume all croats are nazis ? 
  is there a flu going around germany ? 
  did n't see what thread this response was from , nearly went into a huge rant . 
  8/8 great b8 m8, 
  i wonder how this relates to the ph of the soil , mineral content and other factors . 
  so it 's true that the land in connaught is shit . 
  crimea = russia, 
  what 's the joke here ? 
  the best thing for the police force here is to not try and defend a man in such a clear and cut case . 
  this is a horrible move by them and really ruins their reputation , just look at how americans view thiernpolice force now ... 
  i would n't say it 's equal to france , but it is evident that it is better off than most eastern countries . 
  edit : downvote me all you want spain boy , that does n't change the fact for gdp per capita is $ 10,000 less than france . 
  no , gib to us . 
  what are you on about ? 
  all that matters is who wins . 
  kosovo was the heart of serbia for a very long time and was ours until the americans came along and gave it to you . 
  you did n't fight for shit . 
  edit : spelling, 
  kosovo was the heart of serbia for a very long time and was ours until the americans came alomg and gave it to you . 
  you did n't fight for shit . 
  and serbs in republika srpksa . 
  one day , brother . 
  you would prefer sharia law over banning a radical religion ? 
  * kebab removing intensifies *, 
  people in serbia often use the euro , especially for large sums . 
  although i guess this holds true for a lot of similar countries . 
  so now the eu wants to join our stronk serbian union ? 
  in serbian it is `` grad '' ( or at least i think it is ), 
  i thought your country liked genocide ? 
  yes , i am aware of that . 
  a few months ago i saw an article on the eu demanding that ireland collect $ 13 billion in taxes from apple , and it is obvious why ireland are reluctant to do it . 
  would that be accepted as correct ? 
  in an exam setting for example . 
  obviously , it 's not a real word . 
  ireland is top 5 in the world i believe . 
  so that would be quite impressive . 
  croatians started purposely changing some words to be different from serbian . 
  so people started taking the piss out of them by coming up with ridiculous words like `` zrakoplovno mlataralo '' . 
  i 'm forced to learn this language , i have been learning it for about 12 years and still would n't be able to converse properly with anyone . 
  the school system does a great job of making everyone hate it . 
  and do n't most people in dalmatia say `` mliko '' ? 
  and i think they also have a lot of words influenced by the italians like `` pomidor '' . 
  serbias one is too accurate , i knew before i clicked on this map that we would be at the bottom . 
  yea , i 'm sure you 'd have the balls to . 
  my friend is serbian , we both live in ireland . 
  he was able to sit croatian ( no serbian available ) and pass with an a on his leaving cert ( final exam before college , pretty much decides what courses are available to you ) . 
  i saw plates that had fs as the marking , where is that from ? 
  the nazis planned to exterminate them . 
  so i guess occupation is only slightly better than death , right guys ? 
   your country nope , some radical islamists are . 
  what you said is equivalent to saying `` france is literally running down their own citizens with trucks '' . 
   `` liberation '' they should have let you rot , ungrateful shit . 
  why should i guess ? 
  care to provide a source ? 
  and what is libya now ? 
  the intervention was a really great move . 
  zadar was 38 \u00b0 c , personally experienced that ... 
  hey , at least you exist . 
  serbias gdp is so insignificant we disappeared from the map . 
  we need to go deeper . 
  t h i c c, 
  the ural mountains look about three times as big as the alps on this map . 
  slavic football hooligans . 
  the real question is , am i even in croatia ? 
  or is that a cover too ? 
   twice try coming to croatia friend . 
  do n't see how that is relevant , i guess it 's your only response when faced with a point you ca n't argue . 
  no , i think you are getting communists confused with capitalists . 
  you know , the ones that pay their child labourers peanuts ? 
  `` a comedy '' as in a comedy show . 
  i know such concepts are difficult for you to grasp . 
   over a trivialities learn english before you talk shit . 
  they still achieved more than you ever will . 
  genuine question , what do you consider as a good comedy . 
  enlighten me . 
  i do n't mind bits in regular juice , i just do n't understand why they would put it in a soft drink . 
  also club orange has a fuck load of sugar , 43g compared to 35g in coca cola ( in a 330ml can ) . 
  croatian maybe , but wtf even is `` bosnian '' ? 
  what about us ?!, 
  did they shitpost on these forums ? 
  the way your phrased threw me off . 
  i think he was assuming they work 8 hours , not all day ... 50 $ every 30 minutes , 800 $ in 8 hours . 
  are teenagers not considered minors ? 
  you 'd be surprised . 
  was it not in spain that a mailman got thousands of years in prison ? 
  m e t a, 
  or it could be that there is a very well defined split between those two highlighted areas regarding ethic russian population/russian speakers . 
  you are tellimg me to grow up , when there are literally people on the croatia sub blaming serbians for fucking wildfires ? 
  this sounds just as ridiculous as when people say `` the jews did 9/11 '' ( although unlike this situation , most of the time those people are saying it in a satirical context ) . 
  funny that you get downvoted . 
  those things might cost even more on occasion , look at brazil for example , where a ps4 costs $ 1,800 . 
  iphone price in serbia is $ 800 , yet most of my friends there are on less than $ 10 a day . 
  also , child labour , that 's always helpful . 
  or just piss on it . 
  f r e e h e a l t h c a r e, 
  do serbian empire and greater albania , sit back and watch . 
  thanks , it looks spot on . 
  that would be 1933 or so ?
