  yes , we need more families living in hotels , and two bedroom apartments that cost $ 1,500 a month . 
  why would you bring up breivik when someone is talkimg about the threat of muslim refugees , as the commenter recommended . 
  well , if i had to choose between experiencing a shooting or losing my child , i know what i would pick every single time . 
  a normal , stable human being would never do such a thing . 
  he clearly has something wrong with him . 
  there is a difference between surviving a shooting , and losing a child . 
  i do n't think it 's that hard to understand . 
  just because another country is doing the same thing does n't make it any better ... 
  and with their birth rates being much higher than most , if not all of europe , they will quickly gain power . 
  germany already has a very old population and low birth rate , and there was already many muslims living there prior to the immigration crisis . 
  they will have huge muslim majorities in certain regions . 
  the fact that the worst atrocity was perpetrated by a native does n't make the acts of muslim terrorists any less horrible . 
  the source even refers to `` catholic albanians '' as early as 1871 . 
  even the 15th centruy census did n't just assume that all christians were serbs `` 131 * christian * households of which 52 % in suho grlo were * serbs * '' . 
  so i do n't really see your point . 
  actually in 1871 the population was 64 % serbian , according to peter kukulj . 
  depends how you look at it . 
  we all derive from the same race , slavs . 
  culturally , yes you are different, 
  if you ca n't prove you are different , then you are n't . 
  you country is built on genocide . 
  what do the actions of prosecuted war criminals over two decades ago have anything to do with the peoples right to independence ? 
  the burden of proof is on you to prove that you are different . 
  kosovo only got an albanian majority during the latter half of the 20th century , i guess they should n't exist either . 
  as a serb , i vote for pr\u0161uta !, 
  100 % horse . 
  you 're judging a nation based on football `` fans '' ? 
  who solely go there to provocate and start fights . 
  ah yes , the elusive black man . 
  yet to see one with my own eyes in serbia . 
  i like how all the cunts quieten down at the end . 
  like little school kids . 
  or surstr\u00f6mming . 
  i did n't find it funny at all . 
  childish humour and the man tried to ignore it for a while . 
  it was clear abuse . 
  chirst , leave the man alone . 
  ca n't imagine how uncomfortable it is to be jeered at by a carriage full of chav twats ... 
  do n't be ridiculous . 
  the police sniper was clearly a russian spy !, 
  gib back sea . 
  because he wanted to . 
  i know the 99.99 % is a joke , but i have tried 99 % lindt chocolate and it tasted horrible . 
  leaves a disgusting bitter aftertaste that makes me want to wash my mouth . 
  what do they make it out of then ? 
  they do n't have any other choices retard . 
  b a l l y m u n, 
  this is clearly a matter of efficiency and cost-reduction . 
  regular two lane roads can be converted into 2 +1 very easily . 
  someone linked a wikipedia article on it in the comment above . 
  cool . 
  i always took these for granted here in ireland . 
  they disagree with my completely perfect and correct views , must be brainwashed . 
  `` the serbs '' nice generalisation ... 
  estonia sure like their coal ( or peat ) . 
  you sure sound like a cunt . 
  `` give me karma ! '', 
  hey , watch what you say friend . 
  both his parents were serbian !, 
  he is a serb !, 
  thank you for the kind words . 
  i will always have respect for romania . 
  it 's very recent news , why should n't it be posted ? 
  it 's even a fucking croatian news site . 
  it 's news . 
  i have only seen one , and it was in the new section . 
  seems people are downvoting these for some reason . 
  how many times was it posted ? 
  also , can they just go full netherlands on that piece of land behind it ? 
  you 're ruining the cool little strip of land !, 
  i 'm on mobile , pls help . 
  it is on this map !, 
  san marino is too small for the map , and kosovo is part of serbia . 
  ok , that 's fine . 
  `` horrors of socialism '', 
  mind reading the edit ? 
  which i added 11 hours before your comment ... 
  thanks for writing `` tiger '' on it . 
  i would have had trouble recognising it otherwise . 
  that was another joke , lol . 
  they obviously cherrypicked to make finnish appear more complicated . 
  that 's the joke they are trying to make . 
  edit : i was under the assumption simppeli was the more commonly used word because of what / u/flaweddemocracy wrote . 
  although even if simppeli was more commonly used today , i guess the original finnish word ( yksinkertainen ) would be more fitting for this graph than a loan word . 
  gib us tax . 
  poland can not into south asia . 
  they got swedens religion wrong . 
  as someone living in ireland , this brexit thing ai n't so bad !, 
  great idea , although maybe we can use our word for south instead . 
  jugo-slavia sound good to you ? 
  it has kind of a ring to it . 
  so is the empty space just not controlled by any rulers ? 
  also , your map makes us very small :(, 
  well from this map at least it looks like servia covers a large chunk of bosnia , montenegro and western serbia . 
  although it looks like the bulgarians are in possession lf belgrade . 
  that 's just my guess . 
  why you guys got ta fight over everything ? 
  my comment was just meant to be funny ... 
  we is empire too . 
  spelled the same here too,
