  why is that neo-nazism is so prevalent in your country ( relative to the rest of europe ) nowadays ? 
  i need that poster , it 's beautiful . 
  i thought germans were n't meant to have a sense of humour ? 
  i think it was 2 years ago i visited zadar , was welcomed with thousands of feathers and some weird waste in the water , released from some nearby factory . 
  shit was there for weeks . 
  or those responsible for the installment of a `` double mini-roundabout '' . 
  you criticise him for no sources , yet you fail to provide any for your magical `` twice the french minimum wage '' claim ... 
  anecdote . 
  the parentheses at the end of his comment suggest a mocking tone . 
  what they are doing is essentially slave labour . 
  these corporations give them just enough money to keep them alive ( barely ) and working . 
  this is done purposely to prevent them ever getting a proper education or god forbid leaving the country . 
  they could easily pay them a decent wage and not even make a dent in their profits , but choose not to specifically for the aforementioned reason . 
  well , when you are going to that needlessly specific . 
  it still only took me a single google search and one of the top results was the philips `` fidelio '' line of headphones . 
  are you actually defending these corporations paying people literal cents for working from dawn to dusk every fucking day ? 
   there are n't any good alternatives ok , bud . 
  correct me if i 'm wrong , but most of these refugee centres do n't have actual `` houses '' . 
  source ? 
  it is overwhelmingly serbian though ( 82 % ) and croats only make up a mere 2 % . 
   nobody with a functioning moral compass places putin on a pedestal . 
  you do n't need to put someone `` on a pedestal '' to show respect , and even if she does n't have any respect for him personally , i 'm sure that she would n't be toting it publicly . 
   it does n't look like disrespect to me at all , in fact , their body language suggests comfort and familiarity , although i 'm obviously no expert . 
  in the context of the comment i was replying to , yes , it would be disrespectful . 
   decadent e.u. 
  `` liberals '' are evil . . 
  i agree with most liberal ( in the amercian sense of the word ) ideology , but take issue with the far-left bullshit . 
  just find it funny how all of them are getting hard over the idea of merkel shaming putin . 
  those types of hydroelectric plants are especially useful , due to the fact that they act as batteries . 
  actual electric batteries are n't efficient enough with the current state of technology . 
  wow putin murders gay people !?!, 
  could i please have a source so i could learn more ? 
  sounds like interesting stuff !, 
  i know you liberals would love that , but i doubt she would act that disrespectfully towards him in public , she has standards . 
  surely government aid would affect private enterprise . 
  providing cheap indian maize would undercut market prices . 
  the core principle of laissez-faire is to let the market regulate itself . 
  `` laissez-faire is an economic system in which transactions between private parties are free from government intervention such as regulation , privileges , tariffs , and subsidies . '', 
  edit : downvotes , great arguments folks . 
  when you do n't have a reply , just whine instead . 
  from what did your brain gather that he was stating that srebrenica is justified ? 
  he is calling you hyprocrites ( do you need a definition for this word ? 
  is that what is preventing you from understanding a simple sentence ? 
  ) , that is all . 
  i honestly believe you are being wilfully ignorant at this point . 
  he was simply saying that you are hypocritical in regards to recognising genocides/atrocities . 
  oh , so you are making assumptions . 
  and also , if you paid attention you would realise that i did n't make the original comment . 
  and just as i predicted , you ignored what i said in the last comment . 
  the fact that you have no reply to my actual comment shows you have no clue what you are saying . 
  what was my ridiculous statement by the way ? 
  be specific and quote one my comments , then explain why it is ridiculous . 
  my money says that you ca n't , or that you will again try to divert the conversation . 
  mods pls . 
  he is denying war crimes . 
  agreed . 
  the serbs would have attempted the genocide regardless , the actions of the dutch do n't excuse them in any way . 
  well obviously the actions of the dutch and the serb war criminals ca n't be equated ( in my opinion at the least ) , but equating their actions is still a world away from actually claiming that the dutch enacted the entire genocide . 
   the actions of the ottoman empire have absolutely no bearing whatsoever on the genocide in srebrenica or the actions in the war . 
  here you go again . 
  please point out where in the comments that was claimed . 
  edit : oh look , you ca n't . 
  now keep downvoting . 
  ... any of the following acts committed with intent to destroy , in whole or in part , a national , ethnical , racial or religious group , as such : ( a ) killing members of the group ; ( b ) causing serious bodily or mental harm to members of the group ; ( c ) deliberately inflicting on the group conditions of life calculated to bring about its physical destruction in whole or in part ; ( d ) imposing measures intended to prevent births within the group ; ( e ) forcibly transferring children of the group to another group . 
  -- convention on the prevention and punishment of the crime of genocide , article 2 [ 3 ], 
  obviously the dutch did n't enact the genocide , i have never seen anyone claim that . 
  you still are partly to blame for the deaths of the civilians though , and that has been officially recognised , so i am not too fond of you trivialising it . 
  that 's not the point you spoon . 
  this is about recognizing a genocide , regardless of when it happened . 
  you are purposely misconstruing his words in an attempt to make a strawman . 
  a e s t h e t i c, 
  i feel like the pride parade does more harm than good . 
  lol just downvotes , no one has an adequate reply to this one . 
  except for the fact that he is venezuelan . 
  false . 
  the actions of those groups do n't represent the state . 
  and yea , i am sure being dead is just slightly worse than being beaten ... 
  big difference . 
  in these muslims countries it is literally in the law , and they are killing them . 
  define what makes a country . 
  exactly , people think that if someone supports isis ideology , they will immediately come to fight for them or that it is the only way to show support for that ideology . 
  i guarantee there are people that simply look at them as the heroes and the ones that are fighting for them , instead of joining the fight themselves . 
  except in russia , it is happening in chechnya . 
  and guess what ? 
  they are fucking muslims . 
  iq tests require no prior education . 
  do n't play dumb . 
  idiot . 
  obviously there were rapes during the war , but nowhere in that paragraph does it mention the rape of those in concentration camps ... 
  those silly drones !, 
  always randomly bombing civilians . 
  could provide a source instead of spewing shit . 
  belgium is a beautiful city . 
  more nostalgia than deja vu . 
  i guess none of you know what i am talking about , yet you downvote . 
  you also seem to have missed the humourous tone in my previous comment , pretty obvious . 
  explain the difference . 
  yea , he went in alone and single-handedly killed millions . 
  it 's a copy pasta you uncultured swine . 
  sorry if i did n't phrase it correctly in the first comment .
