  fair enough , euros are a massive event and there was n't any problems there . 
  most of those have practical purposes , these muslims garments are the opposite . 
  i do n't need to read a book to know that islam should be erradicated completely . 
  no one should be forced to live based on rules written in a fairytale book . 
  imagine how much of a mess it would look like if each language had to be connected to all the others . 
  i think that the languages linked to those in another group give a rough image of how similar that language is to the whole group . 
  in the key it clearly says lexical distance , which implies that the lines are there purely to show the difference/similiarity in the languages . 
  i can see how it can be misleading though . 
  do you genuinely believe looking at a cross will traumatise a child ? 
  did you take notice of the / s at the end ? 
  your response makes literally no sense . 
  no i am not religious at all , grew up in an atheist household . 
  and what anecdote did i share ? 
  yay , maybe we can form some kind of union ? 
  the three of us , and maybe macedonia , montenegro and slovenia can join too . 
  what could we call it ? 
  god damnit poland ... 
  romania is at it again . 
  you are telling europeans what they think of a word on a european sub ? 
  from my understanding , in both ireland and serbia , `` okay '' is much closer to `` satisfactory '' or `` passable '' . 
  why do liberals defend muslims and their crazy religious practices , yet they hate christians with a passion ? 
  why would it not be ? 
  yea , i had to look at a cross every day in school . 
  now i have night terrors and ptsd ... / s, 
  jokes on you , that 's not my real name !, 
  i would n't really agree , but i guess you feel that way because they are innocent and defenseless . 
  it 's ok , i like your layout , 
  especially when you take into account that young adults are a majority of reddit users , then the percentage is even scarier . 
  would n't like the feeling of someone recognising me on reddit . 
  they 're the same type of people you know would do the same to humans if they could . 
  what meaning is he restricting it to ? 
  this guy obviously has no political motivation , muslim terrorists do . 
  as if your opinion is worth anything lol . 
  well we have ... um ... montenegro you still like us , right ? 
  $ 60bn is pretty much our gdp ... 
  how does being married change the concept of `` cheating '' ? 
  estonia went from 0-100 , real quick . 
  savage, 
  i do n't need to live in scandinavia to know the irish bear no resemblance to your people . 
  which one was getting that big chunk at the top ? 
  the eldest ? 
  kek < -- this one kek kek, 
  i live in ireland and i can tell you for a fact , the irish do n't look anything like scandinavians . 
  we wuz kangz n sheit . 
  do n't know what part you live in , but here in dublin we call `` soccer '' football . 
  all i remember is the chicken scene . 
  pat i mat , wrong cartoon . 
  wrong cartoon bro . 
  u wot, 
  he asked about eu , not europe . 
  so going against the un and bombing civilians was n't shady ? 
  i 'm guessing you are refering to sergeant mccabe , the whistleblower in that last comment . 
  anyway , the difference is kosovo was a very important part of serbia and had a huge serb majority until the latter half of the 20th century . 
  irish people lived in the country for millennia , but they were simply under british rule . 
  ever heard of the schengen area ? 
  shut up , spain are bros. 
  yea let us punish the war criminals by bombing innocent civilians and ruining their infrastructure !, 
  \\  balkan \\  friends pick one, 
  i was n't hating on russia btw , just mocking the russia hate circlejerk on this sub . 
  maybe they thought their friend was starving and was in desperate need of a ` sandwich ' . 
  ( gib me upboat now ), 
  not really , those groups are generally minorities , women are not . 
  men face real issues , some are based on societal expectations and some even in law . 
  that was a great joke , do n't know why you are being downvoted . 
  replace misogyny with sexism . 
  do n't act like men are n't discriminated against too . 
  he did pretty much all of his work in america , he was a serb though . 
  would you call hemingway a cuban or an american writer ? 
  what 's your point ? 
  it 's not as if they created them ... 
  i was simply replying to czelabinsk . 
  his argument is idiotic . 
  the african people were n't entitled to any of the resources in africa , they were there to be claimed by anyone , and they were oblivious . 
  this post is talking about europe in general , i do n't know why you are here trying to start shit . 
  besides for a country of ~ 7 million people we have done quite a bit for the world , ever heard of tesla ? 
  he brought up something that clearly was n't relevant to the topic at hand . 
  serbs left kosovo because of constant harassment from the albanians and the fact it became a shithole . 
  ok , how is that relevant to the fact that fear of conflict does not equate to ethnic cleansing . 
  yet you ca n't even spell , smh . 
  what 's your point ? 
  i 'm talking about europe as a whole , although i know it might be hard for you to grasp such a concept , considering you are american . 
  that 's not ethnic cleansing though . 
  when did i ever say we are victims ? 
  most of those people were n't `` forced '' to leave . 
  they simply left to avoid the conflict . 
  that 's a pretty good score, 
  20 % better, 
  not our fault we are winners . 
  excluded ex-yugoslavian countries , despite montenegro having by far the highest amount of smokers . 
  i think it was over 4000 cigarettes a year per capita . 
  ... but why ? 
  what 's this ? 
  it was a hypothetical situation , i was simply saying that if group a destroy group bs monuments , and groub b reacts by also destroying monuments , they are no better than them . 
  100 of those were destroyed by croatian extremists , as it says in the link lectarian provided . 
  the original comment was referring to albanians attempting to destroy a monastery . 
  i was not talking about bosnians directly . 
  i am saying that destroying monuments in response to your own monuments being destroyed just drops you to there level and makes you no better than them . 
  bombing innocent civilians is n't an answer . 
  since when do we kill jews ? 
  pretty sure in ww2 we saved many if them , including that whore of a woman madeleine albright , who repaid us generously by bombing .
