we welcome our portuguese brothers . 
  a lot of wealthy serbs have property on the coasts of montenegro , i am not lucky enough obviously but i have been there before . 
  it is amazingly beautiful and there is not as much tourists as there is in croatia . 
  i do n't hold anything against them , and i do n't know enough about this subject to know why they chose to leave but it was their choice . 
  just sad that we no longer have a coast : / edit : after a little research i confirmed what my original thought was , it was mostly to just distance themselves from our politics and our anti-western stance . 
  i would say that most people today have a more favourable view of montenegro over serbia . 
  most montenegrins do n't have anything against the serbs themselves and we get along very well . 
  i like this map, 
  those poor female teachers , they do n't get to shake their hands . 
  what a shame . 
  no , we qualified twice haha . 
  any reason for his name ? 
  yay we are not the worst , serbia stronk !, 
  my apartment is 3 bed / 2 bath and i am paying $ 1600 monthly , which was a better deal than the others . 
  they are asking $ 2200 for the last apartment i was in and it only has one extra bathroom , a few years back i was paying just over a grand for it . 
  fak off men, 
  so what does schweinsteiger mean ? 
  hate that feeling . 
  i do n't want it to be 35 degrees outside and then step into water that is barely any colder , it 's much better when you feel refreshed and it cools you down . 
  haha neither do i , that 's why i was asking in the first place . 
  is it possible to get it without the ridiculous legs ? 
  i think it would look very nice without them . 
  i find comments like his disgusting , why should a more qualified person lose their job to someone less qualified just so they have a fair mix of races and sexes ? 
  this is the real world and you ca n't make excuses like that . 
  the worst part is that they highlight certain cases like this , but if there is an organisation which is dominated by a different race/sex then they wo n't mention that . 
  i would n't want some random refugees setting up camp on my land without my knowledge or permission , and who is to say that is all they did ? 
  rough translation : gives women an instant orgasm with a single touch, 
  the comments were n't there when i posted this . 
  but why would he be scared of being captured if he was ` innocent ' ? 
  gotovina went into hiding for 4 years and had to be hunted down , unlike seselj who was the only serb to surrender and go by his own will . 
  i do n't see why an ` innocent man ' would have to go into hiding ... 
  well it was an empire in the 14th century . 
  can confirm this is true, 
  except that ori\u0107 was actually given 2 years imprisonment ... and also nice generalisation with ` you serbs ' , as if we all believe the same thing based on the few you have encountered . 
  except that ori\u0107 was actually given 2 years imprisonment ... and also nice generalisation with ` you serbs ' , as if we all believe the same thing based on the few you have encountered . 
  any romanians here know why that specific region had such a high percentage of literacy while bucharest the capital did not ? 
  he was proven innocent and you still call him a war criminal ? 
  there is now winning with people like you ... 
  the russian anthem has to be my current favourite , but yugoslavias is my all time favourite . 
  budva is truly beautiful , but the property there is ridiculously expensive . 
  a lot of serbian celebrities own houses or apartments there . 
  university college dublin or just ucd aswell . 
  it 's usually only that hot mid summer , when i usually try and sit inside with th ac on blast . 
  when you walk back inside your house , a big block of cold air just hits you and it feels so refreshing . 
  in serbia it is usually between 35 to 40 degrees in summer and in winter it is -10 to -20 sometimes with lots of snow . 
  ireland though , there is like a 10 degree change between summer and winter . 
  no , albania are kebab ... 
  lol former yugoslavia is just a big bosnia circlejerk , and it 's so accurate aswell haha . 
  well it is a minority considering their party did horribly in the last election . 
  yea i heard ireland and england were on the same latitude as canada . 
  why is it that eastern/central europe changes so much through out the year ? 
  the difference between minimum and maximum in ireland seems to be about 15/20 degrees , and you can really feel it when you are living there ... 
  is that belgrade near the clouds in the top right ? 
  this reminds of when serbia played against georgia a month ago and some website use the georgia state flag instead of the actual country . 
  i 'm pretty sure the one that was arrested is lithuanian . 
  why should muslims deserve to live in europe ? 
  never saw the point . 
  people would always go in the day before and stock up on drink . 
  pay ? 
  they will probably just deport this guy , and then expect him back in a few weeks with a new identity . 
  laws can be changed . 
  it looks like a kid drew that graph , do they actually expect africas population to rise continuously like that ? 
  what ? 
  ouch , that 's one hell of a gif . 
  worst i have ever done is used data straight from my phone credit , $ 10 top up gone half way through a short youtube video ... 
   glad it 's gone in the eu at least . 
  i am aware of that , just happy to see that it will no longer be an issue within the eu . 
  can you even load a reddit post with one megabyte ? 
  i wonder how many people they catch off guard like that . 
  watch one video by accident and enjoy a $ 1.000 bill ... 
  sounds good . 
  wish we could have american netflix though , without having to use vpns of course . 
  no , i would n't say they are `` that '' similar . 
  although they do share a lot of common words . 
  ooh edgy . 
  roaming is such a scam , glad it 's gone in the eu at least . 
  i live in ireland , so when i went to serbia last summer i got the text with the rates for roaming . 
  $ 3 for 1 ( one ) megabyte of data ... 
  3 years !? 
  putin is n't a war criminal either . 
  sing up the ra, 
  and you also kill excessive amounts of civilians in the process . 
  great . 
  by his definition , you failed . 
  haha \\* sobs quietly *, 
  people like you make me ashamed of my nationality . 
  was n't ireland one of the first countries to allow croatians to work without a permit ? 
  i do n't think kosovo should remain part of serbia . 
  except for maybe the few regions in the north that have a large serb majority . 
  the rest of kosovo they can have , no need to force people to stay in the country as it will only cause further conflicts . 
  it 's also a shithole . 
  i ca n't quite tell exactly what the numbers represent . 
  if it says for example 41.8 on a country , does that mean that 41.8 % of all people born there are living abroad , or that the amount of people living abroad is equivalent to 41.8 % of the countries population ? 
  finally first !, 
  hey !, 
  that 's just a dutch flag with a phony crest on it !, 
  what part of eastern europe . 
  in other news , water is wet and the sky is blue . 
  just how i like my women . 
  byoutiful .
