i see it more as mocking ideas , not people . 
  i 'd much rather have learned icelandic or finnish , or at least a quick course in how to better understand danish or norwegian , as opposed to being stuck with german or italian . 
  sambos for everyone !, 
  i find it a little cringy , if i 'm being perfectly honest . 
  ken is at least always polite about it . 
  bring back suicide-booths !, 
  * suck . 
  overshadowed by anything in particular ? 
  i 've been off the grid for a week and might have missed some news . 
  it can taste great . 
  sure , i 've had some chefs fuck up somehow , using cooking-bananas and such , but when it 's just right it gets this kind of crispy exterior and is almost melted on the inside when you bite into it . 
  banana , ham , curry , pineapple and corn is n't the most mainstream pizza , but it always satisfies me, 
  wow , get your shit together italy . 
  it is the most awesome animal i 've ever seen in the wild , in my country at least . 
  we have mountains too . 
  far more so than denmark or finland . 
  but norway has the most and highest , by far . 
  huh , interesting . 
  populism still seems kinda derogatory to me . 
  i mean we 're yet to see a political party that called itself `` the populist party '' . 
  but maybe in the future , yeah . 
  people do seem to have less of an issue with people labeled as populists than they have in the past . 
  i figured . 
  well i 'd move for a 3-5 year university education , so yeah maybe i would vote . 
  how exciting !, 
  very interesting . 
  i 've learned some useful information here , and some that 's just neat . 
  as i 'll hopefully move to finland soon , maybe i 'll get to see the next election . 
  that 'd also be neat !, 
  i 'm not saying we all become muslims so as to placate them , i 'm saying that acting against muslims would be inefficient and counterproductive as a means of avoiding future terrorist attacks from muslims . 
  very nice to hear kindness and support . 
  thank you !, 
  it would n't . 
  if islamic terrorist groups actually had a case for saying country x discriminates against muslims , then they would only be more successful in radicalising the as-yet non-violent . 
  very horrible . 
  3 dead , at least . 
  this is so fucked . 
  i feel like i did in 2011 . 
  just have to wait , and be terrified of what i 'll hear . 
  goddamn it . 
  i disagree . 
  i do n't mind people shouting and causing a ruckus in a football stadium , but i think they should be arrested if they act disorderly in the middle of town . 
  [ kopimism ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/missionary_church_of_kopimism ) is officially a religion in sweden . 
  do n't know what denmark has . 
  we have a thing that religous groups register as if they want to copyright their names and get help from the government in other ways . 
  not wholly unlike how tax exemption works in usa , i think . 
  if you mean an official church , which i believe denmark has , then no . 
  the church of sweden was the official state church until 2000 , and people were automatically sorted into it when they were born . 
  but since 2000 we are officially secular . 
  i do n't understand , are you meaning to imply something by stating that it 's a utilitarian argument ? 
  are there examples of when this has happened ? 
  i do n't really know any other religion that has specific clothing meant to cover the face , so i would n't know what to search for . 
  absolutely beautiful !, 
  and a good touch with sails the colours of the kalmar union . 
  i believe technically we paid them a sum of money in exchange norway . 
  yes , they were totally forced into it by the british , but as far as i know some money was given to denmark in the agreement . 
  one of the biggest complaints of the eu is that it 's undemocratic or not representative of the views of the people . 
  a smaller union of countries , started freshly from the ground up could solve that problem and others in people 's minds . 
  monocles are coming back , you can count on it . 
  and the imperial european [ national anthem !, 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3ducigvsbma ), 
  looks interesting . 
  how do you write that in lower case ? 
  i but with two vertical dots ? 
  i do n't think he has the `` right '' to be covered by the media . 
  it 's mostly the media that has the right to report on what they choose . 
  it 's only `` attractive '' to foreigners who grow up in societies with prisons that provide poor living standards . 
  norwegians know what their prisons are like , and do n't need to see imprisonment dressed up in dirty rooms with barred windows to know that it 's not something to want to happen to them . 
  and if a foreigner commits a crime they can simply be deported . 
  or fined , since the offences that are punished with jail time are quite few . 
  if the criminal is n't actively dangerous to the lives of people around them , they probably wo n't go to jail . 
  [ no way !, 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6wxqughajqm ) not that . 
  jesus , he says that finland is involved in `` genocide of children '' . 
  i had no idea things were so bad !, 
   many attacks are related to organised crime and extortion of restaurants and businesses . 
  those are n't terrorist attacks , certainly not known to be commited by muslim extremists . 
  they are part of the gang warfare that is unfortunately prevalent in malm\u00f6 . 
  very much love , thank you very much . 
  too much to ever let another nation steal it . 
  as i recall denmark was offered south schleswig after ww2 , in return for accepting 100.000 refugees , and turned it down . 
  wow . 
  that does sound pretty interesting . 
  sort by controversial . 
  pretty cool . 
  weird that it 's in english , but whatevs . 
  i 've been listening through those audio-books since christmas and am just finishing number 7 now , and they are just terrific . 
  and the `` rusty danish '' thing is quite right . 
  she is clearly a very long-time expatriate , so i 'm usually pretty surprised to see that she speaks it at all . 
  i thought the swedish number thing was discontinued ... 
  i remember it did n't work when i tried to sign up . 
  i 'd love that . 
  i actually tried to find it when i started my gymnasie education , but could n't . 
  had to take stupid japanese instead which , would n't you know it , stopped being taught a year later . 
  hm , so no pirate party government this term . 
  what a shame . 
  but it also leave you open to attacks from both sides , if you do n't have sufficient deterrence . 
  iirc her party is in favour of norwegian eu membership . 
  still , i do n't think the uk 's lack of experience place them in a worse situation than they 'd be in otherwise . 
   equally fictional how so ?
