of course you are right , the usa would never avoid the crisis , the nato is their baby and russia is a `` natural enemy '' . 
  i was just pointing out that on a military basis , europe can take care of itself . 
  we may not be a centralized state , but a war would tie us together as nothing else will , since every member state will rapidly realise that a common plan is the only way to succeed . 
  granted , russia has the highest amount of tanks in the world . 
  but let 's not forget that this 5000 man unit is not asked to stop russia and win a war alone . 
  it 's there to act as a fast-response force , to stall as much as possible any possible invasion and wait for the big guns . 
  you are right when you say that russia is the second most powerful army after the us , but let 's not forget that the european union is a collection of countries with their own armed forces ( and a higher manpower than russia 's ) . 
  should an invasion come there is not going to be only the polish army , the estonian army to face the bear one at a time . 
  once europe is threatened those guys in bruxelles will probably wake up and join their military . 
  the us would n't even need to intervene , the eu could probably solve this with american weaponry and counseling . 
  ok , i 'm not a weaponry expert , but here 's what i have . 
  first the [ fighter jets ] ( http://www.military-today.com/aircraft/top_10_fighter_aircraft.htm ) , then the [ battle tanks ] ( http://www.military-today.com/tanks/top_10_main_battle_tanks.htm ) . 
  the first 4 jets and 7 tanks are from nato countries ( and sk , jp ) , then comes russian equipment . 
  about the air-defense system . 
  from what i understood , this special force is to be used only as defense , so it would react in case of russia 's attack towards a nato country , so it would be poland defending , not russia . 
  yes , nobody would like to lose 60m aircrafts , and especially not the pilots in the , , but if a war breaks out , it 's extremely likely that you are going to lose equipment and soldiers are going to get injured/killed . 
  nato is not simply going to give eastern europe to russia because they do n't want to lose airplanes . 
  let 's just hope that none of this happens , that the ceasefire stays valid , that everyone goes back to its place and that we will get a warm winter . 
  i 'll add to this : with proper air support and ground artillery ( and i 'm guessing it 's going to be top nato technology ) , a force of 5000 can easily stall tens of thousands men long enough for reinforcements to arrive . 
  the russians have the numbers , but their planes and tanks are far inferior from what europe/usa can deploy . 
  plenty of tonnerres there, 
  do you have a source at hand for this ? 
  i 'm not doubting it because it sounds like him , but i hardly believe that he aimed at people that really have a condition , he most likely meant it for the hundreds of parasites that are abusing the system . 
  what gets on people 's nerves are those that fake conditions to get hold of the benefits the state provides , i do n't think people like you with real and certified disabilities are actually risking anything in the near future . 
  look [ here ] ( http://bdl.oqlf.gouv.qc.ca/bdl/gabarit_bdl.asp?id=4061 ) . 
  i have always used * path\u00e9tique * as a translation for * pathetic * and * patetico * , but apparently the right word would be * pitoyable * . 
  but the guy above is probably french , so i guess that even though the word was n't originally meant to be a synonym , it 's now widely assumed as such . 
  i do n't know , it can work both ways . 
  i do agree it 's a bit weird for putin to order an opposition candidate to be murdered in front of the kremlin and right after he has vocally opposed the government . 
  on the other hand , a noisy rival is gone and people may think like i did in point 1 , thus stating that putin is innocent because he ca n't be that stupid . 
  it 's all open to speculation , obviously people here are going to accuse putin , but i 'm not convinced . 
  i do n't know enough about the nemtsov and why putin would go as far as killing him . 
  from what i understood , the guy did n't even reach the double figure in consent , he should n't have crucial information on the war in ukraine , so how is he a real threat ? 
  yeah , he was arrested for hitting moroccan staff in a hotel in geneva . 
  he is a troll man , do n't feed the troll . 
  only been to istanbul ( constantinople  ) and that was an amazing experience . 
  the city was great , the food was fantastic and i found it oddly similar to rome . 
  as soon as i have time and resources , i 'll definitely go back !, 
  yes , then we could just drop a couple of bombs on st.petersburg and moscow , for good measure !, 
  you guys were very close with the attempted coup in ' 81 !, 
  it was conquered and annexed to the italian east africa . 
  sure , it was short lived , but it was a colony . 
  i do n't think it was anti-nuclearism ? 
  maybe it was just him adding something to your `` more ecologic '' comment . 
  nuclear energy is more ecologic than jet fuel . 
  fascism = / = nazism, 
  also , the usual `` let 's not forget what happens in turkey , syria and palestine just because they are muslims '' . 
  respecting does n't mean condoning them and not finding them disgusting . 
  i believe we are allowed to think whatever we want , and disrespecting someone a priori because of something he thinks is not right . 
  what if he was brought up in an intolerant household , was taught that all blakcs/jews/muslims / christians/whatever are lesser beings , but would probably change/be a different person if he could learn more about the situation ? 
  point is , you never know how or why people think/say stuff , they may be absolute pricks and racists assholes , or they may be people that do n't know any better because of lack of education/dialogue . 
  yet , they are allowed to think whatever they want , we should simply ignore them as long as it does n't generate violence/harm and try to prevent this ignorance passing to others , and be open for debate if they are willing to reconsider their positions . 
  in italian `` la caienna '' is an expression used to indicate a very tiresome and painful task/situation , 
  heard sainte-helene is a good place for unwanted frenchmen . 
  honestly , i blame the anglophones for this . 
  fascism has been completely assimilated to nazism during the war and it is now used as a synonym . 
  compare the amount of time you hear politicians branded as fascists rather than nazis , it 's ridiculous . 
  you put police in the streets , you are a fascist , you try to regulate your national borders , you are a fascist . 
  violence towards protesters was n't the common occurrence in italy that the definition above would imply , certainly not on the scale used in nazi germany . 
  the racial laws were introduced only in 1938 , arguably to please hitler , mussolini had been in power for 16 years at that time . 
  until then , it was n't a xenophobic country . 
  stonebeach is absolutely a plus !, 
  water is clear , no annoying sand and shoes are n't really needed anyway , unless you plan on going on reefs . 
  if you are not used to the latter , flip-flops or shoes are useful !, 
  i do n't think it would , as he is not chinese and could n't care less whether the chinese in question is attached to his roots , speaks the language etc. 
  personally , i have no problems when americans try to distinguish between themselves who is of chinese/irish/italian heritage . 
  my only issue is when they come to you/your country and tell you how they are chinese/irish/italian , while not speaking the language , being complete ignorants about the culture and history of the country and having literally nothing to do with the geographical area if not for a great-great-grandparent that was from `` somewhere in sicily '' . 
  also , is it so hard to be proud to say `` i 'm american '' ? 
  why do you need another nationality ? 
  hell if i go back a couple of hundred years , i have swedish and german branches in my family , but i would never say that i 'm a swede/a german if not in a laughing manner . 
  it probably has to be `` mortacci tua '' or its variations `` li mejo mortacci tua '' `` tacci tua '' etc. 
  and its expansion ` l'anima de li mejo mortacci tua '' also variations in the different regions , in campania they use `` chi t ` e ' muort '' , or ktm on facebook . 
  it basically means `` your despicable dead relatives '' . 
  but you can use it both as an insult , as an expression of surprise or in a jokingly manner . 
  the problem is that everyone knows it now , because greeks in particular and some others are doing their best to enhance the difference . 
  now if we just let it go and accept macedonia as it is , in 100 years time , who will remember that the country calling itself macedonia and pretending to be the descendant of the ancient kingdom has very little to do with it ? 
  how many will think that greece calling one of its regions macedonia is actually the one in the wrong , as that it is clear that the macedonian country is the only legit descendant of alexander . 
  [ here ] ( http://www.ilsole24ore.com/art/mondo/2015-06-10/russia-quanto-soffre-l-export-italiano-si-rischia-tornare-indietro-sei-anni-154418.shtml?uuid=abrcz1vd&amp;refresh_ce=1 ) , trade with russia went down by 32 % . 
  the something else i believe is the fact that we have always had excellent relations with russia , and we can thank berlusconi for that . 
  russia is also our biggest energy supplier ( 30 % of our imports come from there ) . 
  tell you what , we give you sud tirolo and you get back to us as pannonia . 
  it 's not a question of low self-esteem , it 's a question of being attached to your cultural roots , and that 's not something you should dismiss so easily . 
  greeks , much like italians or slovenes , have every right to be proud of their nationality and their history , and if they feel that someone is basically trying to appropriate that history and pass it as theirs , well i believe they have every right to bitch about it . 
  i would n't mind it either , wan na come back to us ? 
  i do n't think they actually can , unless some sort of a deal is negotiated with turkey . 
  some people just want to go to war . 
  no sane mind would wish a war , especially with russia , if it can be avoided . 
  i think you are taking it a bit too far . 
  it 's not that we hate dark-haired girls here , it 's just that usually we are fascinated with blondes because they are `` rarer '' , simple as that . 
  you are answering your own question  you find italian women just as beautiful , if not more , because you are not used to see them where you live . 
  while we italians are fascinated by blonde girls because they are pretty rare over here . 
  i think it 's as simple as that . 
  there are some in northern italy , kind of like unicorns though . 
  [ italian music ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=py8pca5tyrk ) in all its glory !, 
  hahaha is n't that the * pagante * ? 
  well til , thanks !, 
  we have kfcs ?? 
  the problem is not with the people , the problem is the church itself and the influence it has on our politics . 
  average italian could n't give a shit whether the bill was passed , in fact i bet most are relieved that we are finally taking the 21st century route . 
  france : ok we wo n't move so you can win * game ends 0-1 , english own goal *,
