  we would need to get rid of more than that . 
  our mentality is the problem , we tend to think we 're smarter and sneakier than everyone else , and this fucks us up in the long run . 
  yeah i do understand the whole corporation thing , but i 'm not really getting the point with the banks . 
  can the fn open its accounts in russian banks ? 
  would that be legal ? 
  i understand that banks have the right to deny the possibility to open an account , but if it 's also illegal to open campaign accounts abroad , you are basically killing a political party . 
  that of course yes , and daesh will never be recognised as it would literally mean that the west has fallen . 
  i do n't buy into this whole russia is a cold enemy , italy under berlusconi has had very good ties with russia , and when have they ever tried/managed to undermine europe ? 
  they do n't even have the resources to achieve let alone try any of this . 
  i 'm sorry , but i disagree with you on this , russia 's case is not a definition of treason , as if they really find a way to fund le pen and she wins , it means that a majority of french have decided , on their own free will that the fn is the right government for the job . 
  from this article , russia is not buying the french population , the banks would simply pitch in for the fn , a party with similar interests to theirs . 
  i see the point in frowning on firm 's donations , but then how do banks work ? 
  do banks fall under `` financement public '' or `` financement priv\u00e9 '' ? 
  because if it is the former , can the government really stop them from financing the fn ? 
  controversial yes , illegal/treason though i do n't think so . 
  and i would presume that fn would do everything possible to keep it as clear as possible so as not to give the govt any more ammunition on this whole story . 
  how ? 
  i do n't think there is any law prohibiting a party from raising fund from private individuals . 
  i found [ this ] ( http://www.vie-publique.fr/decouverte-institutions/institutions/fonctionnement/president-republique/comment/comment-est-financee-campagne-electorale.html ) in french , and as far as i can see , the requirement is that its is traceable and that it does n't surpass a certain limit . 
  and to your edit : how can you even put in the same bracket islamists and the russian state . 
  one is ( i assume you are referring to daesh ) a terrorist organisation , the other is a un sc member state . 
  and the whole `` enemy of democracy , divide and destabilise europe '' is up for debate ( russia ) and certainly not what le pen thinks if she is planning to ask them for funds , which is what matters in the end with respect to this whole thing . 
  haha yeah there was a thread not long ago on these . 
  like slovenians chose their car so as to minimise the time it takes to get from 0 to border . 
  san marino is the oldest republic in europe i think , has casinos and he whole country is basically on a hill . 
  vatican was a nation for a long time , at its height it basically ruled a third of italy directly ( but other states were the pope 's bitches anyway ) . 
  in 1861 , they were stripped of everything except rome and then in 1870 the bersaglieri entered the city and conquered it , it became the italian capital one year later . 
  thus started the `` questione romana '' . 
  the pope did n't recognise the so-called illegal occupation by italy until 1929 , when they signed the patti lateranensi ( so-called because of the s. giovanni in laterano palace where the negotiation took place ) , in which italy de facto recognised the legitimacy of the vatican state and allotted them an area in rome ( st.peters plus everything inside the leonine walls ) . 
  after the war , the pacts were ratified in the constitution and vatican city is to this day the smallest state in europe . 
  slovenia was partly ours a long time ago  i can tell you that capodistria ( or koper ) has a very big italian minority and ( i do n't know if it is still the case ) , the mayor is slovenian and the vice-mayor is usually italian . 
  the country is small and frequently mocked by the croatians for it 's incredibly little sea border . 
  went there twice , loved it . 
  they also have a very beautiful set of underground caverns ( grotte di postumia ) . 
  we tried sending them back , had to pay fines . 
  i am so sorry to hear that , i have spent several summers in greece and i really love your country . 
  so what happens ? 
  refugees land on the islands close to turkey and are then ferried to mainland ? 
  have n't hear of problems in the cyclades . 
  well no , but france already has a very big muslim minority , and there are only 60m french . 
  op above did n't say that europe will fall , just france . 
  personally i have no idea , and as i do n't live in france i ca n't really tell what 's going on day-to-day . 
  but if refugees keep coming and do n't feel attached to france and its ideals , they may find themselves in a tricky situation in 10/20 years . 
  the `` fall of france '' scenario sounds apocalyptic , and i do n't think we will ever get close to that , but it 's not too farfetched to predict some riots and clashes . 
  if you do n't mind me asking , where do you live ? 
  is the situation in athens better than that in thessaloniki or in towns close to the borders ? 
  what has this got to do with the article ? 
  the king 's thaumaturgy was something of the carolingians only right ? 
  as for versailles , i did n't know it was accessible by anyone , so thank you for that . 
  i do agree that louis xvi could have kept the throne had he moves more swiftly , he could have also mustered support from the other crowns of europe . 
  louis xviii could have avoided the 100 days had he sent someone else rather than ney to arrest napoleon , but well , it 's easy to say now . 
  yeah your issue here is the bias , and i completely understand as i would n't want the savoia back as they are ridiculed by pretty much anyone , now the borboni ... 
  jokes aside , i would n't be against the idea of a king , it 's a nice tie to the past for several countries . 
  sure , france and greece got the short end of the stick with royalty , but it 's not unthinkable for some briton or danish or swede to like their monarchs . 
  do n't turn it on me . 
  you started this whole conversation agreeing with a point made above stating that islam comes second close to christianity in terms of `` assholery '' , you provided some examples which i assumed were in defense of this argument and i rebutted saying how none of those had any kind of religious background . 
  the church did not start those wars , and religion had nothing to do with them . 
  verdun , the somme , the offensive of the ardennes were not fueled by religious hatred . 
  the attacks we have witness in the past weeks in europe are . 
  i also would like to see some of the propaganda examples you are quoting if you have them , i could n't find any . 
  83 people died in nice because of jihad , how many died in n.mali and syria last month because of a `` crusade '' ? 
  none . 
  the french are in mali after the interim government asked the united nations for an intervention . 
  the french are bombing syria after jihadists killed 130 innocents in paris on november the 13th . 
  are you serious ? 
  i was n't saying that the ottomans in the war made it a muslim fueled world war . 
  i was just saying that it was in no way a `` christian war '' . 
  the motivations were not religious , it just happened that the biggest powers at that time were european nations . 
  also they happened to be a big part of the mess and not just near it , with the whole balkan wars just before the world war . 
  they were not the biggest theater , but gallipoli , irak and egypt were still a pretty big part of the war . 
  wwii is not just hitler , it was a world war . 
  the pacific theater was a real thing , whether you want to consider it or not . 
  millions of people died there because of war and atrocities committed on civilians . 
  and once again , ww2 was not a religious war . 
  regarding crusades , current israel was a byzantine possession until the 7th century . 
  it was conquered by arabs fueled by a strong religious belief , and it was conquered back by franks/europeans fueled by a religious belief ( and other reasons ) . 
  geographic palestine ( and current middle-east ) had , up until that point , been dominated by `` western `` powers since the first century a.c. 
  so it is just a question of back and forth conquest . 
  you ca n't just blame it all on the christians , the history of the middle-east did not start with the crusades . 
  regarding slavery , / u/lud1120 provided some useful links . 
  [ link 1 ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/barbary_slave_trade ) [ link 2 ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/arab_slave_trade ) by the way , just so we are clear . 
  i am in no way entering the competition to determine which of the religions is the bigger asshole , i am just countering the arguments that you are making to prove that islam is a close second to christianity . 
  napoleon , the wws vietnam and algeria had nothing to do with religion . 
  and there were also other religious groups fighting if you are trying to say it was the west in general . 
  wwi had the ottomans , ww2 had the japanese , colonial troops etc. 
  that 's not on christianity either . 
  it does not change what we did in the past , but let 's not pretend like we were the only ones doing it . 
  crusades came after the wave of conquests that started form saudi arabia , slavery in africa was also done by muslims . 
  giuseppe flavio did acknowledge the existence of a jesus around those times . 
  it is plausible to say that jesus , or someone similar existed in palestine at the time of herod . 
  now for supernatural powers and miracles , that 's just a leap of faith . 
  you either believe it or you do n't , and i am personally skeptic . 
  you ca n't enjoy the heritage with him if you did not know about the heritage ... 
  he 'd have been different had the monarchy still been there . 
  but his dad is worse , so who knows . 
  they also tried to bite more that they were able to . 
  and they got left there alone by the other european powers . 
  also they had a change of government in the middle of the war , with the king dying , constantine coming back from exile and ousting venizelos . 
  it 's also not grande , 
  yeah it is weird .
