  do n't you ever play starcraft ? 
  what matters is strategy not as much as numbers . 
  oh then you 're free to do so . 
  all of the nordic countries are close at hand to you . 
  if you want to do it you can and you might eventually do it . 
  i for one would see myself living for some time in norway or dk , but just because they have nice infrastructure for electric cars and superchargers ; i want to drive a tesla s or some other model in the future . 
  perhaps in the future when the superchargers are more availbable i would live on the cote d-azur during wintertime and scandinavia in the summer :d, 
  where you from ? 
  i hear fossil fuels and fish sales go well this time of the year.even better if you consider eu might stop buying from russia , you guessed it : fish and oil . 
  what some people do is work abroad and come back home and buy big villa houses , cars etc because they cost less there than where they were working . 
  if you have the capital that is.or being reputable enough as to get a loan if you dont . 
  i guess this fits to r/europe does n't it , especially for places with soaring unemployment . 
  and some 10k mixed nato forces to the norway-russia border . 
  what 's the story behind this ? 
  if you are in moscow atm you could go to some embassies of foreign countries there . 
  perhaps countries like serbia will grant you assylum . 
  you could also try to pass the finnish-russian border with no documentation and then ask for assylum in helsinki/stockholm etc. 
  wow what what the heck is going on ? 
  first crimea now this . 
  and scotland still has its voting to do in september ... 
  what 's the name of the song ? 
  oh yes most definetly . 
  i must say i 've seen videos and documentaries about thorium before , but nothing about fusion energy , wich has the potential to be the primary energy source of the 21st century, 
  [ uk does half of its trade with eu member countries . 
  ] ( http://atlas.media.mit.edu/profile/country/gbr/ ) being in the eu gives you a better advantage because you actually participate in the decision making . 
  even if the uk were to be out of eu , it would still have an eea agreement like norway or switzerland , because you ca n't just deny your geographic position and your neighbours with whom you do the biggest business with . 
  i 'm seeing a trend where solar panels get cheaper and better , some companies having prototipes wich are said to be doubling the energy output / cm2 . 
  it 's only a matter of time untill fusion will be up and running too . 
  hm indeed . 
  is it hard to go in the countries you mentioned as an irish man ? 
  from browsing their immigration websites i can say it must be a headache to go though it , and time consuming . 
  anyways , i thought companies were flocking to ireland because it actually has one of the lowest corporate tax rate : 11 % and for the highly skilled workforce . 
  how would you comment on that ? 
  r/documentaries might be a more suitable thread . 
  you mean people are moving out of ireland?why ? 
  and where ? 
  i thought ireland had one of the highest minimum wages , hdi and general well being in the eu . 
  it 's on youtube.it 's really worth your time , i can guarantee . 
  then , if you like that , also look into percy 's other documentaries : putin russia & the west , iran & the west and israel : ellusive peace to name a few . 
  reddit has a geopolitics sub . 
  except that iceland has a population twice smaller than , say , gothenburg . 
  tl ; dr : instead of a bailout , do a buyout . 
  not too bad i guess . 
  but even with bailouts , it 's still good . 
  the banks will have to return the money wich they recieved in the bailout + interest . 
  you have them or seen them?there 's a difference ... 
  wow thanks for the time travel ... looks surreal almost, 
  what are they skeptic about lol?all the western countries have standards of living well beyond 5billion of the people in the world would like to have ... 
  it 's a video . 
  do you suppose they faked the press declarations of mogherini ? 
  [ deez nuts ] ( http://www.cbsnews.com/news/deez-nuts-is-running-for-president/ ), 
  how much cheaper ? 
  serbia or moldova producing about as much sunflower oil as the us ? 
  why is that so ? 
  and brazil is even lower . 
  what 's up with that ? 
  [ there 's also the option of semi-direct democracy ] ( http://imgur.com/a/5xvg2 ), 
  romania 's is serving 2years 6m in jail . 
  although that big , argentina only has about the same ammount of arable land as turkey . 
   try to be specific instead of just going for everything . 
  done that , ofc . 
  what does that have to do with anything, 
  remind me , what gdp ppp did lithuania , czech rep. , slovakia and slovenia have over the past 25 years ? 
  quite a feat that they 've beat portugal and greece at the numbers . 
  it might not be such a wonder if they end up beating spain and italy over the next decades too . 
  why did the kaufland guy bribe him ? 
  and was the kaufland guy the one that blew the whistle to the police ? 
  was it a set-up ? 
  i kindof agree with you . 
  i 'm in favor of transparency though , and the fact that such organisations as wikileaks have not surfaced in other parts of the world other than the west ( and namely , the us ; because as you said , wikileaks mainly focuses on the us . 
  it is the western world leader after all ) perhaps show that countries in the western sphere are more open to transparency . 
  what do you mean by slavery ? 
  yes, 
  what does one have to do with the other ? 
  they 're unrelated matters . 
  that sounds more like blackmail than anything else . 
  is it legally allowed to read those documents ? 
  do you even click links ? 
   there are 5,422 new documents on china  there are 16,584 new documents on the soviet union  there are 85,893 new documents on the us, 
  aguirre ; miracle in milan ; the discreet charm of the bourgeoisie ; la terra trema ; idi i smotri ; downfall ; m ; the mirror ; breathless ; 400 blows ; metropolis ; 7th seal ; solaris ; offret ; wild strawberries ; the autobiography of nicolae ceausescu ; portretul luptatorului la tinerete ; the wages of fear ( one of my favorite movies ever , the actors speak in about 4 or so different languages throughout the duration ) ; stalker ; los olvidados ; bicycle thieves ; rififi ; z ; voskhozhdenie ; morometii ; the hunt ; stroszek ; fitzcarraldo ; the lion in winter ; reconstituirea ; politist , adjectiv ; california dreamin ' ; kapitalism - reteta noastra secreta ; das finstere tal ; das verm\u00e4chtnis der wanderhure ;, 
  how cheap is cheap milk in finland ? 
  when did ireland go from 10 to 5 %, 
  i do n't care about erdogan , but turkey 's soft power has likely been on the increase . 
  for example , turkish tv shows have gone from unheard of to being quite popular in romania 's walachia and moldova , but not that popular in transylvania , wich had [ historically been less subjected to ottoman influence ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/territorial_evolution_of_the_ottoman_empire ) . 
  i 've heard that turkmens also watch almost exclusively turkish tv channels , whereas the other ` stan ' countries watch russian ones.i 've also heard of plenty of turkish people who enjoy listening romanian pop music like inna . 
  it 's just one example of how hundreds of years of history impact on the present , needless to include here the food culture wich is quite simmilar in the balkans as is in turkey , and how there are a ton of turkish-theme restaurants , turkish operated clothing stores or truck transport in romania for example . 
  also , the fact that turkey accepted ~ 2million syrian refugees has probably given it some more karma points in the eyes of the arab world . 
  but i do n't know that much about it as much as i do about the balkan region . 
  i doubt it 's the only hospital that looks like that , and i do n't think that throwing money at it is the solution . 
  cityhalls have good budgets each year , but shit still does n't get done . 
  bucharest gets $ 4bln , iasi $ 1bln , cluj $ 1bln/year . 
  that 's good enough money to prop up a burj khalifa each year , but those cities still struggle with shit conditions in hospitals , not even a paintjob is done to bet rid of the mold and rust ... 
  thats not relevant , the point was that  newly paved roads that sink in one month ( because the building contractor connected with a politician used the asphalt on his own driveway and replaced it with grunt for the public road ), 
  your solidarity is heartening , but you must keep in mind that the middlemen of those funds , and those who decide the ways in with those public funds will be spent , are national politicians . 
  and the mayor of craiova , for example , is boasting at how [ `` as we have money from the eu , we should allow ourselfes the luxury of having roundabouts like you see abroad '' ] ( https://youtu.be/9ag2ok_oqws?t=48s ) this , in a city where the minimum wage is 200-300 $ net/month , median is 500/month , rent is 150-200 $ / month , utilities 150 $ / month and food costs the same as in germany or ireland for example . 
  and luxury she proclaims , for whom ? 
  the poor who make up the majority of the city dwellers ? 
  maybe she should tell that to the people who live on [ this street ] ( https://youtu.be/qw0rlyafxoi?t=4m35s ) , and see how that goes . 
  keep in mind that even though everything you see in those photos from the hospital in craiova must be aged 30 + , the mayor is funding excentric roundabouts of 1million $ each and 50mln $ football stadiums , whilst neglecting public safety , public healthcare and public education . 
  it 's infuriating to say the least ... and i do not know why there is no checks and ballances system put in place to prevent those things from happening in 2015 eu .
