  i guess turks got that reputation from the ottoman times when they ruled romania through despotic corruption.but nowadays they 've gone past their bad rep , there are quite a lot of turkish restaurants and private enterprises in bucharest.i think they 're quite well integrated into the society . 
  i keep hearing about places like france , belgium , germany or sweden complaining for the fact that turks and arabs do n't integrate well even though a few generations have passed since the most of them moved ; but i guess that 's not true in romania for the fact that they 've been here for a long time , and most had come from nobility , or had come to get rich through commerce during the ottoman rule , in contrast to the predominantly worker and middle income turks that imigrated in recent times in western europe . 
  iranians?when did that happen ? 
  here as in bucharest?what 's the profession , if i might dare ask ? 
  anyways , why did they choose to do that ? 
  and here i was thinking that the world consensus agreed on the minimalist state and night-watchman purpose of the state , where it spends only on law enforcement , primary education , infrastructure maintenance and healthcare , with an emphasis on efficiency , whilst the bulk of the job gets done by the private sector . 
  is n't that so?at least that 's where this was going , untill 2008 when everyone thought that preferential treatment should be given to banks and financial entities ?? 
  ? why did the bailouts and handouts even happen ... that 's what you should be skeptical about , not on investing in health.otherwise there 'll be a bunch more diabetic and obese cripples with 3 heart surgeries and no reason to live for . 
  then they should find work in high-skill trades , or relocate to a city with low unemployment.i remember seeing a stastistic done on uk 's job market . 
  there were cities like birmingham wich had 5 times more job openings than unemployed people . 
  there 's practically no it company that i know of wich has empty career web-pages . tons of work to be done . 
  denmark actually has an unconditional income called starthjaelp . 
  so yeah probably there 's some people who would like a nice paid vacation there , 
  oh yes forgot about the celtic expansion in transilvania ; probably even vikings , although they predominantly roamed the lands of kievan rus for trading purposes in this part of europe . 
  we 're entering a realm of speculation here . 
  i 'd rather talk about the present day realities . 
  what i see in the advanced countries that could be able to provide an unconditional , decent income ; is actually a shortage of workers in places of germany and japan where the young and able-workers are getting outnumbered by the old ( wich recieve pensions or social aid , unconditionally ) . 
  truth of the matter is that working conditions are greatly improved nowadays , and people can choose to work 6 or less hours/day ( 6hrs being the norm in denmark for instance ) , on a more than decent wage ( 20euro/hour average net wage in places like norway , belgium , sweden , denmark ) and could still afford living half of the year in a poorer , eastern european country ( or portugal , greece etc ) in a grand,holiday-lifestyle . 
  i know of some people who work in italy for 3-4 months/year in tourism and spend the rest of the year in romania , buying themselfes mansions , cars and living well . 
  well then , the govt can and should ( and in some countries it already does ) provide better quality education and training in the case no low-skill job is left to be done , so that people can work instead in higher skilled fields.sometimes private enterprises do that aswell.i heard of a jobs fare recently where half of the jobs wich were offered would require no prior experience or knowledge in the field , as the companies ( most were it co. such as microsoft , hp , intel etc ) would provide the training.they also provide internships for afew months and other projects in wich people can participate are available . 
  i for one think that the principle wich says that the govt provides universal healthcare treatment to an ill person no matter if he 's paid contributions or not can be applied to aleviate poverty no doubt about it . 
  the issue at hand is whether you 're doing more harm than good in trying to help the poor by providing unconditional income . 
  after all , the fact that you wish to earn good money gets you through the process of obtaining a good education ( gaining self-emancipation and improvement ) , so that you can then work to get the money ( and in the process contribute to society ) , and in the end you use the money to satifsy your needs and desires , thus also contributing to the pricing of goods , sending a positive or negative feedback to the market through your purchase , so that customer service can improve . 
  romans , huns , thracians , getae , hungarians , germans , roma , greeks , turks , bulgars , slavs , poles , jews : you name it . 
  the most recent immigrants to romania are predominantly dutch , italians , germans , norwegians , french , americans who 've come since the eu accession to build up companies/invest/etc . 
  not many people come to work in romania , but there are some , predominantly in the capital or the multinationals in the other big cities . 
  well it shows people , not streets.that 's a cold way of looking at it . 
  if you ask me , it 's heaps more wastefull and expensive to build tens of thousands of oil rigs on the sea , cargo vessels to transport the petrol , refineries etc , than to just place some wind/solar farms in strategic locations to maximize their output . 
  the technology is advancing and solar panels are capturing more and more of the sun 's energy , and getting cheaper too . 
  but untill then , nuclear and hydro produce the biggest ammount of energy , from the viable alternatives to fossils that we have.the iter nuclear fussion plant in france is expected to go past the prototype phase in 2020 or so ; we 'll have infinite energy then.just hold tight a little more , 
  i still havent seen robots swiping floors , cooking meals or doing cashiers jobs , although you could say it 's starting to grow ( automated cleaning robots , industrial food such as refrigerated pizza , robot cashiers in places like walmart , although they scrapped it because of customer disatisfaction ) . 
  that 's not so true as it might appear at a first glance . 
  sure , some low-skill jobs disappear ( such as the factory & manufacture jobs , agriculture ) . 
  but others spring up in different industries such as it , communications , entertainment , in areas such as quality assurance , customer helplines , news reporters etc. 
  jobs wich are easy to pick up and learn . 
  you mean the vote you cast once every 4-5 years ? 
  or the vote you cast every day by buying/selling , taking loans etc. 
  because on the former , you do have a 100 % control on what you wish to do and when , but on the first case you , as a ballot caster , have almost no importance on the decisions that take place in govt , nor do you recieve much feedback ( transparency is still heavily lacking ) . 
  a mix of voluntary direct & representative democracy would be nice ; we clearly have the technology to do it in an instant , via internet , smartphones , tv etc. 
  this branch of democracy should be studied more ; i recall that the only country wich has somewhat partial direct democracy is switzerland.i wonder what the swiss people think about it . 
  i do n't think economics is all that matters . 
  look at the ex soviets , wich had relatively strong economic output and competed with the us for dominance in atomic science , the space race , arms race etc. 
  but the fact that it was rotting from inside brought its demise.people had no incentive to work , the state had a monopoly on everything and the nomenklature reaped all the benefits , corruption abbounded , everything was centrally planned including prices and production of any given merchandise . 
  because of that you would have shortages and massive unrest . 
  those were the circumstances when hayek came up with his theories . 
  a divided world . 
  i guess that had an influence and made him go a little too far with his reasonings , and perhaps it should be taken with a grain of salt nowadays , because the pace is different . 
  i think the issues with the euro and unemployment are caused by the bubble-burst cycle.econ . 
  crisies happened even long before hayek was born . 
  anyways , i see you 're critical about the issues you raised , but i 'd be curious about what you would proppose . 
  ok i do n't agree with gov ' t subsidies either . 
  but efficient plans can be devised such as hydro dams that will bring steady revenues and supply a steady stream of energy . 
  for the private sector , there are ways to devise a clean-energy project that will bring proffits too , simmilar to the tesla electric cars for instance . 
  well , people are driven by incentives . 
  what would be the incentive to contribute to society ( through work , investment etc. ), 
  if your needs were met unconditionally ? 
  do n't get me wrong , i approve of the fact that nobody should live in poverty , but i do n't think the unconditional income is the right approach to fixing the issue , at least untill we have robots doing most of our jobs . 
  you mean greece is deep as in past meddlings with military dictatorships and now with extremism ? 
  i remember reading once about the fact that maritime nations are , as a rule of thumb , democrat , and continental states are more prone to dictatorships.i guess greece is a mix of the two . 
  why do you think it 's a joke ? 
  yeah no ... why would they do it ... now?after being confirmed as a eu and nato member . 
  they 're toying around with ukraine because it 's still has an `` all options on the table '' policy in regards to its foreign policy and alliances . 
  russia has been investing itself in ukraine for the past decade , so that 's why it 's reluctant to walk away when ukraine threathens to cut itself off from the russian connections in terms of economics and politics . 
  owning crimea is even a bigger levy to steer ukraine back on track , because it threatens to landlock ukraine and cut off it 's maritime endevours , aswell as heavily restrict it 's river passage transport , infrastructure etc , and ukraine is a heavy resource exporter ( grain , metals , you name it ) . 
  it needs water transport otherwise its competitiveness looses its advantage . 
  oh yes i 'm all up for a documentary programme like the usa 's pbs . 
  but in a way we have each country doing it 's own documentaries , so it 's not much different . 
  only thing that would have to be done is spread it all around , share it and broadcast it on a euronews-a-like channel . 
  i do n't think i 've ever seen a polish or spannish documentary for instance , but i 'm absolutely sure there must be some good content made by them !, 
  what i do n't understand is that although prior to 2008 everyone was following in the hayek mindset , they resorted to government intervention in the crisis . 
  why not let the markets regulate themselfes?why give a loan ( or even worse a complete hand out ) to a failed , corrupted enterprise such as the banks that got bankrupt ? 
  let them die off , and let new banks get build up from ground 0 . 
  why ca n't that happen ? 
  why does the financial sistem has to be given preferential treatment ? 
  this is turning into a plot like that of the movie z , wich oddly , takes place in greece too.i guess you could say it was prophetic . 
  you 're right about the latter sentence.but i would still rather preffer working in the us than in china , wich has lower productivity and salaries . 
  anyways , wages are related to productivity , and belgium has one of the highest productivity rates per capita . 
  i guess that 's why the min wage is that high . 
  but to some degree i agree with you ; no min wage policy can be even more beneficiary to the worker than min wage policy , ex in norway , sweden . 
  i guess that based on some studies and research , it was concluded that min wage was more suitable for belgium , otherwise i do n't think they would have implemented it . 
  better to invest the money in something that brings steady revenues such as renewable energy , than to let it waste off because of inflation.but still , what norway does is simply trading its oil for renewables to put it bluntly . 
  why do n't we see this happening elsewhere too ? 
  are there any issues in belgium because of the min . 
  wage ? 
  last i heard , the usa were preparing to implement a higher min . 
  wage , so if the most liberal country out there ( so much that it had only private healthcare untill this year , and still has private higher education , etc. ), 
  is approving of this policy measure , what would go wrong with it in europe ? 
  nice to see a pm being preocupied with such a mondane task as catching up on a tv show . 
  but why is it an issue that you 'd have tv channels broadcasting foreign films , especially when there are so many glorious , underrated masterpieces out there , hidden from the public eye ( herzog 's films , tarkovski 's , bergman 's , it can go on and on forever ) ? 
  but is n't that an illegal thing to do ? 
  i mean , paying wages below the minimum of , what is it 1500euros/month ? 
  there 's already a public broadcasting service in the persona of euronews.broadcasting in every eu language . 
  and do n't we already have basic income already in the form of social aid programmes , unemployment money etc. 
   less govt interventionism , less tax ( 50 % of the wage is kindof high imo , compared to the usa wich has some 15 to 30 % afaik )  a whole lot more public expenditure on research projects like iter , esa , cern  do n't fix what is not broken : schengen , freedom of mvt to live and work , freedom of trade , no levies and protectionist policies etc. 
   accelerate the move towards renewable energy , use electric trolleys/busses/trains in pub transport etc. 
  and yeah , ask the danes for consultance on how to implement a 6hr working day in the whole of eu . 
  why would we even consider something like that?i do n't think you could ever conquer alaska from the us unless you first made japan surrender ( or not intervene ) and control hawaii . 
  i guess the only country wich could take alaska or at least cut it 's connections with mainland usa would be canada , but why on earth would canada or anyone else wage war for such a petty motive . 
  yep , just like i was expecting ; norway is in the lead wih 65 % renewables !, 
  wondering how the eea countries are faring aswell,
