  anyways , i 'm curious what those rating agencies consider `` high risk '' ? 
  high risk of not geting a return or your investment or what ? 
  if you know what you 're doing you 'll get a big return no matter where you setup business . 
  that goes to show that nobody is buying now , when there 's `` blood in the streets '' , but actually fleeing . 
  it 's a representative democracy , what else is there to be said about it ? 
  anyways , power is split in between the eu and national govt 's . 
  in some ways , i feel like the eu has been taking better decisions and implementing them ways better than national governments ( at least in east europe ), 
  did n't they surrender to the whole allied forces?anyways how is the ussr 's grip on central-eastern europe after ww2 till the 90 's explained from a russian pov . 
  i 'm curious . 
  how big is the download size ? 
  maybe because of their colonisation of east indies i dunno . 
  yeah , you seldom see articles written by historians who have dedicated their entire lifes to studying the napoleon era.they are n't that sensationalist , who wants to be bored by serious stuff , 
  that guy is a professionist . 
  yeah cool quote but that 's not how markets or investment works . 
  how did it become such a popular destination for brits anyway ? 
  the flag animation in the background is awesome . 
  would be great if there were a video of only that , somewhere ... 
  i think this goes well back into the history , jap and portugal had strong ties afaik . 
  wtf, 
  is there an english subtitle to this ? 
  i do n't think he said that ... 
  tragic, 
  why?it 's just campaigning . 
  surely they do n't mean it , i mean they 'll rub shoulders with the `` troika '' the moment they 're elected , 
  so it 's the same situation as in ukraine ... a country undecided what to do ; join the eu?join the russian led eurasian union ? 
  choices choices, 
  [ yeah right ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xlruuqgjghe ), 
  your ideea is great imo . 
  already in countries in east eu there have been talks of decentralisation , and leaving regions govern themselfes . 
  [ ode to joy ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xlruuqgjghe ), 
  what?why blame tax havens?because they 're competitive and attract people because of the no tax regime ? 
  a country does n't get rich in the detriment of another . 
  it 's because it creates wealth . 
  [ related ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ujqekybh-lu ), 
  so i take it we can buy cheaper jeans nowadays . 
  cool !, 
  how significant , in percentage ? 
  go for it . 
  hm nothing unusual . 
  i recently bought a nice pair of jeans from zara at 10 $ . 
  i see jeans . 
  how come ? 
   little do they know that norway still has to implement almost all eu rules and regulations , while at the same time not having any say over them . 
  exactly.so what is the substance of this anti-eu rhetoric , in the end ? 
  :( what you say reminds me of the movie 400 coups ... depressing . 
  yeah i think this is a story not only in poland but [ almost everywhere now ] ( http://i.imgur.com/bme06xu.png ) , even in developed countries like germany and uk . 
  you can see in the link there 's a huge discrepancy ( of up to 5 times ) between productivity/hour and earned income/hour . 
   london and the south east are reaping the benefits of the increase in gdp but everyone north of watford is still paying for it . 
  that sounds like an awful atmosphere . 
  i thought that the anti-eu rethoric would unite the people in uk against a `` common foe '' but it does n't seem to be working as planned ; there are split opinions about domestic issues too ... i would n't have guessed that . 
  i mean sure scotland wants to stay farther away from london ( that 's already been known for some time ) , but does the midlands and north of england also think like that?and what about wales ? 
   most of all - they complain about having other people around . 
   that sounds very nordic :d, 
  so it 's simply bandwagoning behind a `` catchy '' ideea even though they have n't given it much thought ? 
  anyways , seeing that not even switzerland / norway ( two of the most conservative in the eu ) can cut their ties with the eu ( at least trade-wise through the eea ) , it will be next to impossible for netherlands to do it even if the majority wanted it.but there 's no reason to do it , and most importantly the decision makers in netherlands are benefiting greatly from the free market in europe.i 'd expect companies like royal dutch shell and ing to lobby against this anti-eu trend . 
  i guess habbits from the communist times still linger huh ? 
  old habbits die hard ... 
  the anti corruption movement is on a roll in [ poland ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/central_anticorruption_bureau ) and [ romania ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/national_anticorruption_directorate ) too afaik . 
  prosecutions get televised and broadly discussed on all news channels.popular and well known people have been jailed aswell . 
  but it 's not unique to east europe , i remember reading a news story about bayern munchen 's former director going to jail a month or two ago on corruption charges . 
  sure but it 's a win win sittuation dont you think ? 
  without investment east europe progresses slowly , and thus it 's interactions in trade ( import-export etc ) with the west would be low.all i see are net gains . 
  you can have my word that most of the raw materials from the east ( ranging from grains after the harvest season ) to metals get traded to the west where they get manufactured and get added value . 
  afaik east europe ( poland romania etc ) want to become net gas exporters soon . 
  i for one like how poland goes on doing stuff , quite professional . 
  it 's really competitive , at least in some niche branches . 
  you always find produce made in poland , such as apples , in supermarkets.but i also hear it 's been progressing amazingly in road networks , transport . 
  have wages been on the rise ? 
  i do n't see how the eu is any different in it 's democratic participation than national elections and whatnot . 
  why would the dutch be against the eu ? 
  i just ca n't imagine an isolationist netherlands . 
  it 's a nation built on trade ... 
  it really does not seem logical that there 's anti-eu sentiment growing in rich west europe and the poor east europe with bad infrastructure loving the eu ... 
  yeah no, 
  wow i never knew there were [ 500k ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/portuguese_people ) portugese people in france . 
  also , it seems that people keep going to brazil ? 
  about 300k . 
  does brazil have tight connections with portugal still ? 
  oh wow francesinha sounds really heavy on the stomach . 
  and people usually bash american fast food for being unhealthy  i 'm curious though , why are hot sauces so popular in portugal ? 
  is it a legacy from the colonial times ? 
  i thought dutch people eat unhealthy food but i see quite some fresh vegetables in that salad . 
  i think it rather got blended with the orthodox religion . 
  people still pierce the heart of a deadman if his family is starting to get afraid that he might be a dead man walking . 
  zombie of sorts , but that 's in rural areas . 
  some of them say the zombie comes and does their work for them ( cleaning the manure from the animals , etc ) , others that it disturbs the house , wrecks stuff , or makes noises . 
  moroi/strigoi i think they are called . 
  see on wiki . 
  perhaps there 's plenty more odd stuff going around ... who knows . 
  i find those rituals you describe funny not really creepy , 
  now that 's transparency . 
  nice, 
  whats that square in south germany ? 
  good to know you 'll be fine . 
  this come like a novelty thing to me , so far i 've been hearing that plenty of north american companies invest in opening up business in ireland because it has the lowest corporate tax rates in europe i belive ? 
  i know a few companies wich run their european offices from dublin hq 's . 
  btw are things getting better in ireland in terms of the job oppenings/unemployed ratio ? 
  i heard many young people left ireland for different countries like australia following the 2008 crisis . 
  hah.i still struggle to completely understand why for doing the same work you get paid differently based on where you are . 
  you 're gon na get fired ?
