and london . 
  they 'll probably form a city state like hong kong or singapore, 
   illegal immigration is illegal for a reason . 
  why, 
   the cheapest places in europe are bulgaria , romania , poland and hungary , with prices up to two times less expensive than the rest of the continent . 
  and wages up to 16 times less, 
  us basically has a culture of cultures . 
  i. no comment vids ( for example euronews no comment on youtube ) ii . 
  [ mucracking journalism ] ( http://www.bbc.co.uk/blogs/adamcurtis/posts/what-the-fluck ) iii . 
  vice , france24 , zdf , etc. 
  american is not a nationality , it is a culture . 
  [ american civilization , american culture ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kkkds02ayuq ), 
   artists and celebrities that have a dying/down-spiraling career , who decide that they should develop a special relationship with norway . 
  it becomes a symbiotic relationship , where we norwegians pretend that this person is more of a celebrity that they are , and they pretend that norway is a bigger market than we are . 
  and so we lull each other in this illusion . 
  this must be a conspiration , i think it 's happening everywhere.steven segall and van damme action movies were the thing in the 95-2000 's in romania . 
  then , after 2009 or so , they started comming to film new movies ( when they had gotten older and forgotten in usa ) . 
  started going to night clubs etc. 
  and every time the spotlights are on them same with foreign football coaches ( mostly italians ) who came to manage teams ... same with prince charles, 
   it 's just to stay informed throughout the day . 
  `` if you do n't read the newspaper , you 're uninformed . 
  if you read the newspaper , you 're mis-informed . '', 
   politics is a 2nd religion in greece with parties being a religion . 
  you are born into a family that believes in this re ... party and you are supposed to do the same growing up . 
  i saw the movie z , but now after reading your msg . 
  it really makes sense . 
  [ you forgot the romanian-bulgarian friendship ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/bulgaria%e2%80%93romania_relations ) there 's quite some stigma towards hungary at a political level ( e.g. 
  countries vs countries ) , but on a personal level it 's very good , but mostly with the hungarians who live in romania . 
  those who live in hungary get bashed for being violent and unreasonable . 
  whenever their natl. 
  football team plays in ro they get escorted by security forces.and also one of hungary 's political parties got banned in ro . 
  german still runs deep generally in transilvania , and less so in the rest of the country , delivered in high-school primarily.french on the other hand starts in 4th year of school and english starts in kindergarden . 
  truth has been spoken . 
  no reason whatsover that crime perpetrators should not be deported . 
  probably cypriot authorities do n't want to wait untill the said crime actually happens and they have to lock them up in their prisons , and paying the costs of rent/food/security from cyprus ' treasury . 
  what do you mean by `` so vienna wo n't become paris '' in what regards ? 
  what about the the borders with luxembourg and france?and what about passing the channel strait into the uk by boat ? 
  simmilar to the energy sector / banking etc. 
  why , what does costco offer that others do n't ? 
  well i do n't see how the unemployment is high if the medium is perfect for business . 
  are there jobs being offered , but people are simply not interested in taking up employment ? 
  is there a discrepancy between people 's interests/training and the jobs on offer ? 
  who would you work for, 
  ok , what are the arguments for not sharing governance ? 
  i , a commoner would see no issue in sharing governance with usa for instance , why should i ? 
  scotland offers free uni education to all but english-born people . 
  the nordics offer free edu aswell , and some bonus cash if you work part time , etc. 
  also free in austria and most of germany 's lands . 
  at some of the best belgium universities , the tax is 700euro/year . 
  also free in estonia , malta and greece for eu citizens . 
  i 've been learning about those things last year for about 2 months before applying . 
  the process was terrible and all i got were mostly bot mails , spent few hundred dollars in vain ... 
  do they have a history in energy-related fields or science ? 
  i guess this is in the top north?this ca n't happen in stockholm can it ? 
  nokia phones used to be the most premium brand you could ask for some 10 years ago . 
  i remember when i first got a phone , i was so jelly on nokia owners . 
  it was like today 's samsung/apple . 
  exactly.i thought it was quite an achievement to have this kind of posters in that time and during the events that were unfolding , suporting unity between nations , brotherhood etc.people take for granted slogans like world cup 2014 's `` all in one rythm '' , but it took big leaps to reach this stage , and i think uk played a big part in it . 
  i was doing a course on paradoxes of war at princeton , and i thought it was interesting to share . 
  oh well ... people should n't just jump on to conclusions, 
  i thought the poster showed quite the oposite.oh well ... 
  you do n't happen to have a broader list of countries by nr of tourists yearly , do n't you ? 
  spot on!if people thought gas deals with ukraine are getting messy , they should learn about what happens in central asia between the stans , russia , china , gulf states , iran and india . 
  it 's a hotspot of energy trade deals , transportation deals and so on . 
  things are still verymuch fluid there , in contrast with the rigidity of the eu block for example . 
  i think people are getting used to it ( it 's been half a year already or even more since riots and etc. 
  news started reporting on ukraine ) war between ukraine and russia is really off the books imo , seems verymuchso 99 % impossible . 
  nobody in their right mind is shitting his pants , do n't worry . 
  i think everyone is supposing a war is impossible because of how heavily armed the two sides would be , that would result in a massacre . 
  it should come to no surprise ; cases like these are common not only in slovenia but most of europe nowadays , especially eastern . 
  big shots getting sentenced in bribery cases , or other white collar crime ; but still ... they make big waves in the news . 
  this would have been unheard of prior to eu integration . 
  but is n't it france that is the most visited country by tourists?some 60milions/yearly ? 
  indeed , that would be terrible, 
  there 's a whole set with all the teams [ here ] ( http://www.businessinsider.com/world-cup-teams-without-immigrants-2014-6 ) , just thought france 's was interesting because they make up more than 1/3rd of the team , most make the 1st team like pogba , benzema , valbuena , and also the nf won the elections , and they 're anti immigration and w.e. 
  i think everyone knows what 's in store ... us of europe, 
  what do they have to gain from it ? 
  lol socialists are backing [ junker ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/junker ) ? 
  that 's new i thought they had thier own candidade , they paraded him throughout the whole of eu, 
  he 's a socialist , what would you expect ? 
  wich immigrants ? 
  there 's no arguing about it , europe 's gon na turn into a shithole once the extremists have it their way . 
  that argument can be turned the other way ; perhaps people were happy about it , otherwise they would have gone to vote to change the situation if they were unhappy about it ? 
   there is a problem with persons being treated differently because of their heritage you mean inheritance ? 
  or is it that you mean people born in high-end families of lawyers etc ? 
  i would n't have thought this was an issue, 
  do people feel like there are growing disparities?growing inequalities?the need for an equitable redistribution ? 
  i thought sweden was one of the most egalitarian societies . 
  if there 's anyone who would have to be discontent about equality it would be countries like the ones in south america/usa/china etc, 
  oh yes ofcourse . 
  they want to maintain status quo but bring socialism slice by slice.not brutal radical change as in communism , i know . 
  it just makes me wonder why it didnt catch any wind at all in the usa ... what are the swedes unhappy of about after the 2006 , or rather shall i say , what makes the socialist option an attractive one ? 
  oh wow europe is in even a more dire situation than i thought . 
  quite simply socialists on one hand ( terrible choice , socialism is unheard of in usa ) , populists on the other ( the likes of baroso , yet again terrible , telling the people what they want to hear and then shaking hands with business lobby ) and the other is a surging extreme wich takes 1st place in denmark , uk and france . 
  i think we should follow the example of usa . 
  we 're too butthurt on things that in usa are taken for granted . 
  people in west europe bitch about easterners taking jobs . 
  easterners talk about brain drain and poor wages etc. 
  but that 's also true for the usa . 
  you have places where min wage is 6 $ in a state and in another it 's 12 . places where rent costs you 800 $ and others where it costs a mere 100 . houses in the west wich you can buy for 6k $ and 20square meter studios in manhattan for 200k .
