   anyways , plenty of arab millionare tycoons have been relocating to europe , buying off estates and some even doing all kinds of shady businesses . 
  but we do n't have an issue with that they 're cool ... riiiiiiiiiight . 
  oh and they can also buy citizenship with ease , no issue there either . 
  sorry i 'm just debating , i 'm trying to reach a middle ground really ...  muslims have n't done much to promote themselves as a group in good light in say the last 30 years . 
  the roma have n't done that either . 
  ok i agree that their pr is terrible ; and the fact that there 's so many articles like this one is a proof of that . 
  but there should be made a clear distinctions between groups and individuals . 
  it 's more often than not that even the best educated romas or others tend to be viewed in suspicion simply because of their affiliation to their ethnicity ? 
  they have to go to greater lengths to get a job that they would have otherwise been well entitled to based on their merit , for example . 
   russia , well invading a sovereign nation tends to piss people off . 
  supranatural entities like states , in this case russia wields great powers wich can be targeted even against their own citizens ( and it does happen ) . 
  we shouldnt make those associations that because the leadership of a given country is steering its politics into the abyss , the citizens are to blame . 
  a man or family of russian descent who would be seeking asylum in a case like this is totally powerless to change anything in the politics of the country , even in the slightest bit . 
  but it 's a given that they 'd be persecuted in their adoptive country ... with all the bad reputation looming now . 
  that 's too bad , is it a taboo , or simply illegal ? 
  ooh wow those articles are really interesting.thanks , i guess i owe you a cookie now  it 's said that in 2002 only 10 % were asylum seekers , that seems to be a small number in comparison to what you 'd have nowadays . 
  if the issue has been in debate since 2000 , why has there been nothing done about it , and on the contrary even more asylum grants were given ? 
  it comes like an oddity that sweden 's governtment would do something against the will of the people ? 
   the cost of immigration is about one fourth of the entire public sector costs hm if this has been carefully researched it 's a big issue that should receive more attention.could there be corruption in this ? 
  1/4 seems way to much a big expenditure wich benefits only under 1/10 ` th of the population ( the immigrants )  if you go to the country you can not believe you are above the society . 
  i do agree wholeheartedly . 
  respect the jante law   there are tons of people who have integrated very well , why ca n't they ? 
  well , perhaps the western and arab are civilisations with big differences ; as they have historically evolved in separation one from another , although in some places the distinctions get blurred . 
  but still i do n't think it 's unachievable . 
  perhaps it would be better if we had just kept economic & political ties , and renounced the social relations with them?but then , that goes the values the west stand for . 
  but how did the americans do it ? 
  they have a cosmopolitan country ... i think this should be an important study case for us europeans , especially since we 're so many nationalities , speaking in many languages and dialects . 
  somehow , the us immigrants eventually came to a point of cohesion ; mostly all of them speak english and even then , with a terribly similar accent !, 
  that 's quite a feat for a country the same size as europe , where we have so many dialects even in countries the size of a us state . 
  in some of your arguments you did n't even refer to my statement , such as here :  i keep hearing the fact that arabs do n't `` integrate '' in the west-european societies , but are westerners getting islamized when living in muslim countries ? 
  for one a lot of people collect support from the swedish government . 
  for two they 're overly represented in the crime statistics and for three they 've invoked a new type of crime - honour killing/honour violence . 
  the fact that muslims are getting painted as extremists is a popular idea i see ... the truth of the matter is 99 % of the arabs do n't give a shit about extremist muslim ideologies . 
  extremist organisations have really small memberships.most people just want to live a fruitful and meaningful life.in syria there 's been fore centuries peaceful coexistence between muslims and christians for example . 
  imposing muslims in europe to renounce their religion is not secularist ... 
  honestly , if you can find anti-immigrant articles from the 1980 's -2000 's in sweeden , uk , netherlands etc. 
  i 'll give you a cookie . 
  gee i dunno i see quite a lot of people getting fooled by that 30 's rethoric . 
  i 'm worried ... `` shipping '' immigrants back home is a terrible idea , especially when they have families , own property etc. 
  it 's complicated . 
  what would you do to a wrongdoer who 's married with a local and has kids ? 
  you ca n't separate them , and you ca n't impose the other family members to live in a war & poverty stricken country . 
  there 's other ways to do it more humanly . 
  one of them is not allowing them inside in the first place . 
  as i said , why not follow in japan 's steps if you want a conservative society ? 
  anyways , i fear this is only an european phenomenon . 
  hatred against muslims or heck , even for that matter against europeans such as roma , russians is escalating as of lately . 
  i 'm 100 % sure that muslim/roma/russian / east european/w . e. 
  immigrants do wrong shit in canada/usa/australia etc also . 
  but the media turns a blind eye on it . 
  that basically gives you a glimpse on the situation in europe . 
  so what do you think it should be done in cases like those ? 
  punish the wrongdoers ( and here you can even ban them from living in any sweden ; and move along ) but do n't make it sound like simply being born a iraq makes you a criminal . 
  it 's not far from the thinking that being a jew makes you prey on people 's money and whatever bullshit was popular in the 30 's ... 
  why does this have to make the headlines this many times now , whereas in past years this kind of news was unheard of . 
  honestly if you thought it was a bad idea you should have sticked to conservationism , like japan . 
  you forgot the fact that a few million westerners , thousands of whom are europeans live and work in muslim countries like uae/qatar/saudi / indonesia ? 
  i keep hearing the fact that arabs do n't `` integrate '' in the west-european societies , but are westerners getting islamized when living in muslim countries ? 
  wake up ; the truth is arabs are europe 's friends . 
  the americas are energy self sufficient now , but europe is running dry on oil and gas in its traditional resource extraction areas like the northern sea . 
  either you deal with the arabs or with the russians ; i think you already know where this is going . 
  in the same way the middle east was an important area in ww2 ; so much so that it was a theatre of battle because of its energy supplies . 
  middle east is undoubtably the nr .1 oil & gas producer , and the eu comes second only to usa in energy consumption and dependance . 
  naturally , the relations between europe and arab countries have to be symbiotic . 
  how do they abuse the system , exactly ? 
  `` conflict '' ? 
  oh wow that 's dramatic . 
  yeah i doubt that too.better combatants for the 3rd place in vgi would be uk , canada , sweden , finland ... 
  i think that would be norway . 
   only 13 percent say the country is among the best places to invest during the coming year hm i wonder wich countries are percieved as best to invest ? 
  wich are those countries?i 'm really curious ... 
  arrogant monologue it says eu has to pay more for gas and yet the gas in the usa is 5 times cheaper wtf ? 
  because austria has big ambitions and always had.prior to ww1 , vienna attracted people from allover the empire . 
  nowadays its a central hub of energy trade , it has invested venues all over europe and although it doesnt have reserves of oil/gas etc on its territory , the austrian oil companies , banks and others are doing pretty good . 
  those feels . 
  where can we see stats like that for the whole of eu ? 
  i mean not just u3 , but whole unemployment, 
  how terrible . 
  i 'm sorry for your loss !, 
  noooooooo i was just browsing his works the other day . 
  damn you death, 
  ofcourse theyre not just bases . 
  there 's people living there just like in hawaii . 
  i guess you said that they surrendered , yes ? 
  the same thing happened when the russians were giving up in their thousands , and and only one or 2 germans were behind leading them to the prison camps . 
  i think this was at the beginging of barbarossa . 
  try the link again now . 
  [ here 's the complete report if you feel like browsing it ... ] ( http://europa.eu/rapid/press-release_ip-14-543_en.htm?locale=en ) i just value people 's time so i thought this gave a quick and concise look at it . 
  english subtitles , anyone ? 
  just follow the rules regarding pow 's ? 
  its not that hard ... 
  are you supposed to vote them based on a selfie photo?how about actually informing the voters about their ideology/politics etc. . . 
  scheisse ... things are heating up, 
  so what are they saying?i guess something [ along those lines . 
  ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ybdpiikym20 ), 
  it would loose 7mil people , along with all the gdp those people produced there.there wo n't be no sunshine and rainbows ... 
  and obama in poland next month or so i heard . 
  genius . 
  i thought denmark was small.i ca n't download that big of a size , so do you know if the file also includes cities ? 
  does n't a high risk also mean high rewards , if you pull it through that is ?
