  so yeah ... let 's just get over ourselves . 
  a healthy work ethic like the american protestant 's would n't be bad either , each and everyone should work towards bettering his own life through work or w.e. , instead of always waiting for someone else to take intiative ( and even then it 's not good because soon enough some will blame the govt for being wrong or companies being greedy etc ) . 
  whats the situation like in sweden?the candidades , the solgans , posters ? 
  btw [ i 'd vote this badass ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7d5hikz5wmw ), 
  i dunno those elections freak me out . 
  you should see the slogans they put up ... and the kind of people running for elections in europe ? 
  la penne gives me the freaks ... did you see that interview she had on bbc ? 
   hungarians were very limited to travel to other countries , still we imported and exported in huge quantities . 
  but as i said , i 'm for free-trade . 
  yeah but that 's pretty sad ... having less travel rights than furniture . 
  so , in the end , do you think there 's more that should and could be done about those doctors?beyond that programme you mentioned wich does n't seem to be working so well as we can extrapolate from seeing the title . 
  wtf this is what google had to come up with http://wiki.erepublik.com/index.php/karantanec stannis mannis wtf, 
   all my family lived under it and we know what it means . 
  as have i of course word aint black nor white . 
  that 's fine if you give them benefits for returning back . 
  excelent.that 's the whole point , make it so that the option ( and i stress it should be an option ) of staying in hungary has more benefits than being in munich as a dr , but do n't act like people should n't have their basic privacy and the right they are born with , that is to choose where they want to live/work , no strings attached . 
  so what about my question i asked in my last post ? 
  oh and good job on resorting to personal attacks ( saying im a troll etc ) when you feel like your argument is failing . 
  i did n't say you were a stalinist ( yet again , instead of thinking of the argument you bring it to a personal level ... ) i was refering to [ stalinism ] ( http://www.oxforddictionaries.com/definition/english/stalinism ) as defined in the dictionary , as a policy . 
  whatever man , just close your borders and throw away the key . 
  do n't forget to close them to commodities too . 
  good luck with the 10million hungarians doing as much research and innovation as the other 7 billion people of the world . 
  that 's why you wouldnt have color tv/jeans/playboy magazines etc. 
  in the comunism era , and the west had . 
  of course i know professional researchers make breakthroughs in labs , you must be thinking really low of me . 
  a career practitioner has more chances of also getting interested in the science part and getting into bio research than a geologist would . 
  yes , if a hospital in munich is willing to pay 10 times as more a wage then that hospital has earned its right to offer its citizens one more doctor that will serve them . 
  there 's no other way around it . 
  whoever pays more gets what he wants . 
  the other alternative being east europe in between ' 45 - ' 90 . 
  so yeah , are you accepting that if you are to stop people from moving freely , you should also stop exports and imports ? 
  do n't turn around my argument . 
  you 're free to refute it with argument if you wish to do so . 
  now on your question : of course you wo n't be able to get healthcare from a doctor who 's in another hospital ( in another country ) . 
  you may be getting benefits as a background effect . 
  because he 's in a higher quality medical environment , he may be able to come with a breakthrough in medicine , perhaps he 'll find cures that otherwise would have been impossible for him to do med . 
  research in his poor conditions in his original hospital in hungary . 
  what 's certain is that other people in other countries will benefit from those doctors , and because they pay him more it means they deserve him more.they want him more , so they pay him more , therefore they are entitled to his services . 
  because we 're a free union of goods , services and labour , you ca n't impose to people what to do . 
  we 're like the usa now , it 's like moving from new york to arizona . 
  imposing to people what to do with their lifes ( i.e. 
  to stay in hungary as a dr. ) is dictatorial . 
  comunism failed . 
  let the individual decide his own fate . 
  do n't have the state intervening in his private life . 
  you do n't want to go on that road , it goes into snowball effect pretty rapidly and soon we 're back to stalinism . 
  education is not a luxury you have to pay for , it 's a basic human right . 
  if an engineer with studies in hungary ( paid for by govt ) goes to work at sony in japan , you as a consumer get to reap the benefits of his work when you buy a playstation . 
  so yet again , grow up . 
  you 're still meddling in a dictatorial ideology and that 's dangerous . 
  huh what?that makes no sense . 
  btw do n't forget to also close your ports/airports etc thx way to go, 
  so what?people are entitled to live their lives as they please , you think that being a doctor makes it a community service job ? 
  grow up, 
  then fucking close your borders and be done with it ? 
  geez how pathetic, 
  how about no, 
  no , that was years ago, 
  it was a joke, 
  but that 's fine . 
  it 's not like it 'll double once every 10 years whilst wages barely clutch.it 's not like inflation also adds up to that . 
  why are they bald ? 
  keep the mums and return the babies . 
  europe , fuck yeah, 
  he 's a renegade . 
  although he might be onto something ... but he 's mostly fishing in unexplored waters . 
  south america has the biggest potential , and it 's all gone to the drain and still going . 
  massive grasslands for raising cattle , good agricultural lands in between buenos aires-central paraguay-uruguay . 
  fjords good for ports in the andes coast , especially the southern part . 
  big rivers wich can be navigable . 
  the southern tip has relatively short distance access to trade with nz and australia , in a simmilar way that north west america ( around seattle area ) has quick access to the korean japanese and chinese markets ) it still needs plenty of time to develop though . 
  as it is now , western europe and north america are the most potent and influential and i 'd expect it to stay so quite for some time . 
  so you 're a lone wolfs then?as canadians i mean . 
  that 's too bad :(, 
  and yet you say american = bad ? 
  what makes it bad from a canadian point of view ? 
  i 'd have thought you have the most things in common with them , even the accent to some extent is closer to the american one than the mainland european/nz/australian one ... 
  it 's hard even for a skilled person to get employed , and it usually takes months to complete applications , provide recommendations , take the interview etc. 
  how do they get hired , on the spot ? 
   sd are n't blaming immigrants . 
  they 're blaming the politicans . 
  so they 're blaming it on themselfes , would n't that be ludicrous?do they say it 's happened because of politics ' impotence ? 
  if so , they 're basically admitting their profession 's incompetence . 
   family reuinion immigration this does n't make sense . 
  how are somalis related to swedes in any way?is it a breech in the immigration laws or were there swedes who have been living in somalia , historically ? 
  all things considered , sweden should have sticked to social conservatism like in australia or japan , instead of bashing on muslim immigrants after they 've been given clear signs they 're wholeheartedly welcome . 
  on the other hand , it could have gotten it 's extra labour force ( if it so urgently requires it as the liberal gotvt appears to be saying in sweden ) , they could just make it a more attractive place for eu citizens . 
  i 'm sure there would be a ton of spanish , italian , greek and portugese people who would relocate in sweden in the blink of an eye , under the right circumstances . 
  you 'd also get the cool perks of multiculturalism . 
  oh and iran . 
  honestly , iran is craving for a market to sell its energy supply excess in gas and petrol . 
  not if europe bought from iraq it would n't . 
  afaik there are us contractors and companies settled there who have been active in the extractive industries . 
  what do you propose anyway ? 
  i do n't see oil & blood money popping up as often on those news articles as those on anti immigration against poor to middle class arabs/east europeans/w . e. 
  honestly though , us writing on reddit about it makes no difference at all ... rich arabs have big power and leverage on media companies ( lol they might even own shares in some of them ) , whereas the miserable fellas escaping from countries with economic backwaters are mocked , criticised , dehumanized ... hmm i wonder where this will lead ? 
  are there issues with russians though , as i 've been hearing they do in the baltics?how about eastern europeans , namely poles , bulgars/romanians ? 
  i 'm rather more curious about this , because i fear that the hatred against muslims can easily be connected with anti-immigration resentment towards other eu citizens aswell , as it 's been recently a hot debate in the uk , except that there the hypocrisy is really flagrant ; there 's britons of foreign descent who are anti european emigration !, 
  on the other hand there 's basically a dead silence regarding any resentment in the media towards muslims.they 've been embracing their culture quite openly aswell.halal food advertising is already a popular thing there , amongst others . 
  then arab oil is europe 's friend ?
