  an apologist excuses something ( `` oh , it was n't that bad '' ) versus an apology ( it was that bad , and i 'm really sorry ) . 
  anyway , the reason is that you 're european , and ultimately colonialism was a european venture . 
  we ( and by we , i mean people in the global north which would include most of europe ) have an interest in defending the very basic ideas that are at the base of our society . 
  even if your family never were explicitly colonialists , your country , the world you live in , has been shaped by it . 
  my family never owned slaves . 
  they were n't even in the u.s. by the time the civil war had ended , but i still benefit from the legacy of slavery because the american economy was built on in . 
  it helped make the american economy what it is today . 
  and i use that example not to say you have anything to do with anything , or that i have anything to do with anything . 
  there are just some issues that are bigger than me , or you , or our families , or our family 's families . 
  they go beyond us as individuals . 
  i 'm not saying you have anything to apologize for specifically , but there are attitudes and schools of thought that want to make the past look not as bad as it was to keep from recognizing historical wrongs . 
  because what the spanish did goes beyond what the mongols or anyone else up to that point had done in scope , scale , and how fundamentally it changed civilizations . 
  and honestly , the spanish were the nicer group compared to what the british and americans did because latin america still has large indigenous populations . 
  apologists seek to make that not look as bad because it says `` oh , well then we 're not so bad , either . '', 
   unlikely to the extreme . 
  cpitalism was likely a consequence of philosophical and genetic changes in europe at the time . 
  the middle class outreproduced the peasant class and with it its values spread . 
  okay , that 's just nonsense . 
  genetics have nothing to do with anything here . 
  even by the french revolution , the bourgeois were never more than 10 % of the population , and capitalism was there ( granted , in a young , unindustrialized form , but it existed ) i can recommend some good academic history books ( in english ) that make the case i 'm making . 
  there are people who 'll argue capitalism 's development was related to philosophic changes , but i disagree with them because i do n't see a way capitalism can develop , just in terms of raw materials , without the americas . 
  how would europeans even grow things like cotton or sugar , their largest commodities , without starving the peasantry ? 
  in fact , they could n't even grow those products because of the cold environment , so how can the raw materials that led to greater trade and the necessity of technological innovation exist without the americas ? 
  like i said , it created a space for capitalism to develop in . 
   again , i claimed nothing about necessity . 
  i just claimed that they were not special . 
  so others might have acted differently ? 
   when charlemagne put the saxons to death , he did so because of their religion , or so he claimed . 
  yeah , we might be able to say it was christianity that caused it . 
  i do n't want to make that claim though . 
   i have quite a few that were more important . 
  i 'm of the belief that the discovery of the americas created a space where capitalism could develop . 
  it take a lot more explaining , but there 's a strong argument to be made there . 
   for what ? 
  in a word ? 
  colonialism . 
   i did not claim it was necessary . 
  i just claimed it was not particularly gruesome to a lot of other stuff that happened in history . 
  your point seems to be that the spanish were n't unique , that others would have acted just like the spaniards because , as you say , it was n't `` particularly gruesome . '', 
  if i 'm understanding you correct then you 're saying other conquerors would have behaved similarly , so it was necessary that the spanish , as conquerors , behaved in the way they did by developing religious and , shortly after , racial structures that put the spaniards above non-europeans in the americas . 
  nah , it kinda was . 
  when rome conquered , it did n't say to gallic or british nobility `` well , looks like you all are now the lowest of the low '' to everyone the ruled , replacing them with italian romans . 
  the mongols , similarly , just put in a few officials to make sure taxes were being collected in most areas , and that all was good . 
  they certainly did n't seek to change the culture and spread their religion like the spaniards and other christians did . 
  the spaniards came in with a specific idea to convert natives to christianity , to force them to conform to their way of life . 
  that had been used before ( i 'm thinking charlemagne here ) , but mixing it with an economic element changed the game . 
  the discovery of the americas by europeans is probably the most important event for the world as we understand it . 
  there was nothing necessary about spanish conquest , and there was nothing necessary about the spaniards ( and later europeans ) treating native people like they did . 
  you 're just making excuses . 
  in the way that only spainiards born in europe were at the top , yeah . 
  it 's a logical development of past attitudes , but it was unique , especially because the justification was that native people needed to be guided by european christians towards salvation . 
  economic exploitation justified by `` they 're not persons if they do n't accept jesus , because rational beings will naturally accept jesus . '', 
  the creation of a hierarchical society with spaniards/europeans on the top and how it was done is also unique in history to that moment , but all european powers in the americas quickly adopt that idea . 
  spain was just there first and the most of the americas . 
  well , that 's why i added `` at that point . '', 
  it quickly gets worse after . 
  sure , but what the spanish did is in no way comparable to native tribes fighting , and using that as a justification to say `` well , the spanish were n't that bad '' is just bad . 
  nah , we just kill their children with drones . 
  the point is n't who we target , it 's that we still kill children on accident . 
  and sure , you 're right , being muslim means that you do n't respect human life to you , apparently . 
  it 's not like people with nukes recognized how fucked using them is . 
  no , it ca n't be that . 
  tribes fighting and what the spanish did are in no way comparable . 
  what the spanish did was unique to history at that point . 
  and yes , i 'm very aware that there had been mass violence and invasions that left millions dead before . 
  if that 's what they 're trying to do us , then what do they see us as doing to them when we kill entire wedding parties with bombs ? 
  and the course the far-right suggests leads to starved children behind barbed wires , with history books that say `` never again . '', 
  you 're getting downvoted , but you 're right . 
  want westerners to treat islam like the enemy , and muslims/arabs as enemies themselves due to their religion and ethnicity . 
  they benefit from the far-right in europe because the far-right in the middle-east wants the exact same thing : war , bloodshed , chaos , rape , and murder . 
  the far-right 's gon na far-right . 
  scum of the earth , all of 'em . 
  there was an american satirist who summed it up pretty damn well about a century ago : `` on some great and glorious day the plain folks of the land will reach their heart 's desire at last , and the white house will be adorned by a downright moron . '', 
  there are many great and glorious days , as there are many morons . 
  thanks for the correction . 
  my bad on getting this wrong . 
  oh , thanks for correcting me . 
  i 'll have to check out those books . 
  iirc , the greeks and turks signed a treaty after greece invaded in 1919 . 
  the treaty stated that any greeks in turkey and any turks in greece were to be moved into the other 's nation-state . 
  there was a lot of violence , and many greeks died , but both nations recognized that they wanted the other out of their country . 
  ( source , * fires of hatred * by norman naimark ) it was an ethnic cleansing , not a genocide . 
  the difference is that ethnic cleansings systematically remove a group of people from an area whereas a genocide is explicitly , systematically killing them . 
  i 'd imagine this is why no one talks about it - there was a treaty . 
  in comparison , the armenian genocide was the ottoman government ( run by the young turks , so nationalists ) purposefully tried to kill off the armenian population because the ottomans were worried about armenians acting as a fifth column if russia invaded . 
  there was n't a treaty . 
  there was n't recognition from both sides . 
  the ottomans said `` well , fuck them '' and marched them through the syrian deserts to purposefully eliminate a population they believed was threatening their nation 's ( nation does not equate to government ) safety . 
  both were violent , both were ethnic cleansings , but only one was a genocide . 
  that all said , the ethnic cleansing of greeks from anatolia is one of the lesser known tragedies of the post-wwi , pre-wwii era , and at the time the greco-turkish treaty was used as an example of population transfers done well , even though that 's just not the case . 
  i think just about damn near everyone forgets . 
  edit : i was wrong, 
  ur rite i no know what trump hav yet me am stupit nd cant read the neus, 
  honestly , they should n't have been in the u.s. in the first place , but i guess that 's what happens when you elect a brain-dead authoritarian . 
  you might have a point if this was berkeley , california . 
  but in d.c. ? 
  i 'm sure there 's antifa there too , but you do n't really hear about them anywhere but berkeley . 
  non-violent resistance has its strengths . 
  used correctly , a less powerful group can destroy a more powerful group 's credibility . 
  of course , it works best when the threat of violence exists ( both the civil rights movement in the 1950 's and 60 's were surrounded by violence , and iirc it was the same in india with gandhi ) , but it takes courage and an iron will to purposefully put yourself in harm 's way and not react violently .
