  the red army was pretty nasty last time they came through . 
  idk man , those camps sound pretty horrific considering people ca n't work and have no hope of it for years . 
  it sounds like you just do n't want people from the mid-east in europe . 
  because some of us believe that refugees are people who deserve our help . 
  i can see why there 's concern over huge numbers of people coming into a country because there are a ton of logistical problems and conflicts ( yes , including cultural conflicts ) with getting everyone settled , but having refugees themselves seems natural in a world where violence happens and people flee . 
  would you rather they died in syria or languished in camps until they died ? 
  so you think the problem is refugees , which goes back to my original comment : some of us were led to believe that the number of people coming in , not refugees themselves , were the `` problem . '', 
  what i 'm saying is the problem was the number of people coming in was the problem because it was overwhelming the system set up to help refugees . 
  the lower numbers of people should be a good thing because it takes some of the pressure off the system . 
  the people - the refugees themselves - are the problem as much as the sheer number of them is . 
  few people coming in should be a good thing because then the people who are already there can be processed more easily . 
  it can be necessary to send young men ahead to make the trip though . 
  would you put your young daughter in a vulnerable position where she could be raped or kidnapped or forced into sex slavery ? 
  that sort of shit happens when people try to cross the u.s. borders . 
  whenever there are vulnerable people , there are monsters looking to take advantage of them . 
  sending young men who can arrive and work then help their family come over is n't unheard of . 
  maybe i 'm a nostalgic loser , but this happened in the u.s. 
  it makes sense to me that it happens now . 
  what britain is doing is great because it 's orderly , and you 're helping the most vulnerable people . 
  do n't get me wrong , but how many people have been accepted overall ? 
  how long does this take ? 
  it 's a start , but i do n't think it 's enough . 
  not that it really matters now . 
  these elections seem to be condemning millions . 
  i agree that the u.s. should take in more refugees . 
  i voted for the lady who wanted to accept more . 
  i 'm disappointed that we did n't elect her , and i 'm disappointed in the reactions americans have had towards refugees . 
  today it 's them , but tomorrow it could be us . 
  we 're also setting a poor example for generations to come , if there are generations to come . 
  believe me , i 'm not happy . 
  i also think britain and france should help , too . 
  they helped create this problem , too . 
  and honestly , i think the rest of the world should be helping as well because we should be sticking together against things like climate change ( which has also and will continue to influence mass migration from the me ) . 
  because some of us were led to believe that the massive numbers of refugees coming into europe were the `` problem , '' not refugees themselves . 
  i think that 's a shitty argument , honestly . 
  socialism 's inherently anti-nationalistic because it puts a class of people ( the workers ) and identification with that class over identification with a national . 
  national socialism , like fascism itself , is an contradictory idea . 
  mises also just assumes that government regulation is all the same and that there were no other motivating reasons or ideas behind market regulation . 
  in other words , this just is n't good history . 
  he 's making an economic argument and saying it 's a historical one when that 's just not the case . 
  now , if you can name a modern historian who 's studied weimar and nazi germany and argues a similar point then that 's a different story . 
  but i just do n't think mises is a good source on this topic . 
  well , i found a family who 's willing to lie because i paid them . 
  money is speech . 
  they can say what they want . 
  they ca n't be punished for lying because they 'd be punished for their speech . 
  the worst that can happen is their voices can be deemed inadmissible . 
  but what will society think of you ? 
  sure , i 'm lying , but i 've been lying . 
  but that 's not the point . 
  the question is n't `` how '' it could happen . 
  again , what if someone ca n't defend themselves in court ? 
  the issue is that people could be wrongly accused and have a lot of people believe them . 
  or what about the court of public opinion ? 
  maybe there 's no evidence , but people believe you 're guilty of raping a child or something similarly horrific anyway . 
  we 've seen how fake news can get around . 
  what if someone weaponized it ? 
  but if there 's the threat of legal punishment then my unlimited free speech is not unlimited . 
  because my point 's that completely unlimited speech has its dangers , and there can be restrictions that are a positive for everyone . 
  because , let 's just say for example , the court system is biased against you . 
  or you ca n't pay for representation and lose your case . 
  or some wild thing happens and you 're found guilty of pedophilia . 
  but i can say whatever i want . 
  why are you restricting my speech ? 
  so if i could convince people that you 're a pedophile while i know i 'm lying , would that fall under free speech ? 
  it means you 're honestly interacting with someone . 
  when someone is n't acting in good faith , it 's kinda like trolling irl . 
  debate only works when both sides want to debate . 
  when people do not use facts or are purposely misleading then they 're not acting in good faith . 
  there was nothing necessary about this campaign season being so dirty . 
  it was n't like this during the kennedy-nixon debates . 
  it was n't like this during the obama-romney debates . 
  it was trump being disgusting , and hillary clinton trying to throw his mud back without getting dirty . 
  trump literally accused an opponent 's father of helping to kill jfk . 
  nah , the nazis called themselves national socialists because putting socialist in the name was the thing to do at the time . 
  iirc , famously right-wing ernst junger founded a party called frontline socialism or something to that degree . 
  saying that the nazis were socialist is like saying the people 's democratic republic of korea is actually a democracy . 
  the first people the nazis went after were the left wing politicians . 
   its not about guilt . 
  who said anything about guilt ? 
   when you say white people , everything that follows is about `` white americans '' in this case , yeah , because i 'm talking about a specifically american context . 
  i can extend some of these ideas out to countries like france and britain , specifically , though because they 're just as relevant . 
   there is no such thing as white culture , black culture and all that garbage . 
  there are definte cultural difference between white americans and black americans , but i broadly agree . 
  reducing the variety of cultures of people with brown and black skin is reductionist and harmful , in the same way it 's silly to talk about all white people as being the same . 
  and when i 'm not talking about an american , french , british ( or german , really ) context , i tend to use different language . 
  i 'd never say `` black culture in africa , '' because that 's ridiculous . 
  similarly , i 'd never say `` white culture in europe , '' because that 's also ridiculous . 
  however , blatant white supremacy was common in western europe and much of the americas until about 50 years ago . 
  the remnants of that style of thinking have n't just disappeared , so there are uses in talking about whiteness/blackness , especially in the u.s. and former colonial empires . 
  but again , we 've been talking about a specifically american context here , so i 've been using language relevant to the u.s.  once again , black kids and white kids are not monoliths even in america . 
  not all black kids are taught the same thing , so putting them up in one category is simpleminded racist bullshit , which is propagated by self-proclaimed fighters against racism . 
  and how would you know ? 
  yeah , not all white people experience the same thing in the u.s. , but that 's because whiteness is only one axis through which we 're interpreted as people . 
  class and gender , for example , play roles too . 
  but the vast , vast , vast majority of black people i 've met and talked to definitely have experience that are different than mine and similar to people with dark skin color based on race . 
  i 'm sure you 'll find some people who say otherwise , but i trust people of color who speak about their experiences . 
   the idea that all `` white people '' and all `` black people '' are thought the same thing is laughable . 
  do you mean taught ? 
  not being sarcastic , mistakes happen .
