  but if you do , i agree , we 're not taught the same things . 
  black kids are taught different lessons because their experiences are different . 
  they 're looked at and treated differently . 
  to say i can fully understand the way they 're treated without living their lives is silly because my experience is the opposite ( literally in how whiteness is defined against blackness ) . 
  now , that does n't mean i ca n't read about these issues , empathize , care , and try to understand it . 
  but i 'm not going to be able to see the issues black people face because of their skin color without being told about them because i 'm not black . 
  and that 's my lived experience : i did n't understand issues of race at one point , then i started trying to listen , trying to understand , read , learn , and empathize with people who are oppressed based on their race and the ways it happens . 
  i read philosophy and history that dealt specifically with race in america and the way it developed and works . 
  i 'm not pulling all this out of my ass . 
   you guys should at least start saying `` white americans '' and `` black americans '' because that garbage has nothing to do with either europe or africa . 
  france , britain , spain , portugal , belgium , and germany ( to a lesser extent ) are just as guilty as the u.s. hell , spanish territories ( cuba , specifically ) had slavery until the 1880 's . 
  the u.s. is unique in its ways , but european powers are every bit as guilty of enforcing racial hierarchy based on whiteness . 
  i 'll grant that it 's more of a western european thing , but these distinctions existed before the u.s. declared independence . 
  the british were instrumental in the slave trade and development of racial hierarchy . 
  so europe and africa have a lot to do with this once you look at modern history more broadly . 
  these issues were n't confined to the u.s. , though it 's at the center of our national understanding in a way it 's not in europe . 
  it 's not a science , so it ca n't be a pseudoscience . 
  there 's no claim to science . 
  besides , is the idea that what we believe what we 're taught really that ridiculous ? 
  yeah , we can question what we 're taught , but if we do n't question it then where does that leave us ? 
   oh , there have been quite a lot of people bothered by tmithc . 
  i have n't really seen any outrage or problems with it beyond it not being a good adaptation of the book or that it 's not a good show ( specifically that it 's just very slow and nothing happens ) . 
  i 'm sure there are people who have issues with it , but i have n't seen any . 
  even then , i 'd want to read their critiques before i give them any credence . 
   you have no idea how slavery will be presented in the show . 
  no , but i have reasons to be cynical . 
  i do n't see a good way to approach the issue . 
  and look , maybe they 'll surprise me , but i 'm not holding my breath . 
   i do n't want to talk about it because i am not interested in racial theory . 
  your `` white people '' are capable of this and `` black people '' are capable of that is not worth my time . 
  it 's not racial theories . 
  it 's how we 're raised and taught . 
  it 's not a physical incapability . 
  it 's a structural problem with our society that makes addressing these issues in a constructive way difficult . 
  man in the high castle unrealistic too , but it was written in the post-world war ii by someone who lived through it , during an era where young people were questioning the war in different ways . 
  the context of the two shows is completely different because man in the high castle reflects an immediacy that confederate does n't . 
  i have n't seen anyone bothered by man in the high castle , much like i have n't seen anyone bothered by wolfenstein ii , which is similarly a game where nazis have occupied and taken over the u.s. 
  so , the problem is n't alternative history . 
  the problem is the scenario of confederate . 
  plus , you know , considering that i 'm familiar with american history in a way that you 're clearly not , i 'm confident in saying that the idea of chattel slavery continuing into 2017 is more ridiculous than the nazis and japan winning and managing to make the u.s. surrender - which was , yeah , already unlikely . 
  but the u.s. is n't the only country that could 've developed nukes . 
  so i mean , it 's incredibly unlikely , but not stunningly so . 
  the second part is relevant though . 
  that 's why your objections are so ridiculous to me . 
  you do n't want to talk about why people are bothered by the idea of this show . 
  you 're just saying that objecting to something is , itself , ridiculous . 
  and that 's in its own right silly because people have always had issues with art and the ideas it expresses . 
  the problem is n't having objections , it 's understanding what peoples ' objections are . 
  and some critiques are better than others , but you ca n't understand the problems with confederate without understanding american racial politics because it 's a show based on american history . 
  yeah , i drink water , just like trump himself , so therefore we 're exactly alike !, 
  our actions are all morally equivalent . 
  having feelings and thoughts is really dumb and acting on them peacefully is so stupid . 
  alternatively , i 'll put it like this : the show 's a dumb idea because the idea that slavery or the confederacy would last until the 21st century is nonsense . 
  i do n't have a problem with them addressing slavery through going back to 1863 and making a show about the civil war - hell , i 'd be excited . 
  i also think a modern day civil war 's a pretty cool idea . 
  i 'm pro-alternative history . 
  but that said , americans already do n't know our own history very well . 
  we do n't understand how horribly slavery was or how its legacy has directly impacted the last 150 years of american history . 
  i 'd rather see a show that addresses slavery and the reconstruction era because it 's a fascinating and underrepresented time in america history . 
  showing that would , i think , go a long way in smashing the notion that how history went was how it needed to go . 
  instead , confederate wo n't address any of that . 
  it 's just going to pretend that the southern economy would 've continued flourishing enough to keep slavery , that france and britain never had any problems with slavery , that technology and changing moral attitudes would 've never penetrated the south in any meaningful way . 
  i 'm not saying the show 's going to be bad inherently , but to be frank : white people do n't have a good track record in addressing black history in a substantive way . 
  i 'm doubtful that d&d will break that streak , portray something interesting and meaningful that 's still understanding of the world we live in today . 
  after all , any alternative history is going to be contrasted with what actually happened . 
  it 's just such a fraught subject that it 's entirely reasonable to be skeptical . 
  and if they prove me wrong , if they show make something decent , well good on them . 
  but no , i 'm just triggered because there can be no substantive objections to social problems . 
  the real problem is people who react to art as if art does n't have any impact on how people understand the world around them . 
  saying something 's dumb is so oppressive . 
  they 're so bullied with their millions of dollars . 
  i mean , look , when i joke that isis should repeat paris in bulgaria , people get angry at me , and i 'm so oppressed by it because my creative output is stifled . 
  if you have no interest then why do you care if it bothers people ? 
  if you have no interest then why even bother insulting people or being an asshole ? 
  no , because it 's a stupid idea that 's unlikely to be handled well . 
  morons like you ca n't deal with not seeing black people oppressed . 
  the show that they 're making after got , confederate , shows just how strong the source material for got is , and how it is n't the show creators who made got amazing . 
  because no person with a half-solid brain is going to think `` portraying slavery in 21st century america is going to go over fantastic , and there 's no way this can go wrong . '', 
  huh , i had n't know that . 
  i do n't think there 's even a word for that in english beyond in-laws , so that 's cool to know . 
  my mother-in-law is also a collection of windmills . 
  i agree that bernie or biden would 've won . 
  what really turned me against hrc 's brand of democratic policies is that she lost to trump . 
  i believe warren would 've won , too . 
  just how someone loses to trump is beyond me ... 
  honestly , i get hating the political establishment . 
  check my comment history . 
  i 'm critical of hrc ( from the left , though i 'll get her props where i think she deserves them , too ) . 
  but there were people who thought trump would grow up as president . 
  there were people who thought he 'd solve their problems . 
  there were people who voted for trump because of trump . 
  sure , there were people who wanted to give a middle finger to the establishment , but is giving someone whose brain is dribbling out their ears the nuclear codes a smart decision ? 
  fuck no . 
  but what you 're saying relies on the idea that gender dysphoria is disruptive in the way add or depression or another mental illness is . 
  but also , part of the issue is that trans people are already allowed to serve . 
  trump is `` rolling back '' * a policy that 's been in place for seven years , now . 
  and even worse , it 's being done for political reasons . 
  hyperconservative and conservative republicans were having a debate over funding for gender reassignment surgery in the budget , went to trump , and he just decided that he 'd ban trans people from serving . 
  then a trump aide went on the record saying that it 's also a political calculation meant to force democrats in the midwest to debate this issue during the election . 
  given that trans people have been allowed to openly serve for almost a decade now , there 's no reason to believe it 's causing major problems .
