  sometimes , the other side just wo n't respect you no matter what , or they 'll respond even more violently than anything you can muster . 
  so there are times when it 's righteous and effective . 
  but it 's not always that way . 
  that said , this is n't a case where non-violent resistance would not have worked , and i 'm still pissed that our police did n't react more aggressively towards the turkish bodyguards because it would 've been an appropriate response . 
  and in was in d.c. for fuck 's sake . 
  you 're right , this was just massively disrespectful . 
  our shitty government 's response was even worse ( no comment ) . 
  violence would have been an appropriate response . 
  edit : and just to clarify , they lost their chance for a diplomatic solution the moment they attacked protesters . 
  violence should be a last resort , but if it 's their first resort then retaliatory violence is what they should get . 
  ultimately , i do n't find it very funny . 
  i find it terrifying . 
  lives are on the line here . 
  yes , i love to joke about trump , but i do not feel safe with him as president . 
  he is doing damage to america , and he 's making americans ( and the world ) less safe through his incompetence and carelessness . 
  his behavior is an affront to america and every single one of our allies who rely on us to be stable because he puts us all in danger . 
  i love joking as much as anyone else , and i 'll make fun of trump as brutally as humanly possible , but the sooner the gone , the better . 
  because i do n't think anyone 's safe with him as president . 
  he 's like a child with dementia , and everyone has to work around him . 
  but america the cornerstone of the modern west , so his instability hurts us all . 
  quite frankly , given how violent the turkish bodyguards were , it 'd be absolutely appropriate to inflict similar violence against them . 
  my only concern is that it would n't be feasible/would break out into something worse . 
  i 'm not blaming this on trump , honestly . 
  i 'm pissed he invited erdogan , but that does n't make the violence his fault as you pointed out . 
  it 's happened before ( and frankly , i 'm appalled that i had n't heard of this before ) . 
  maybe it 's because they were turkish journalists and not american citizens/residents . 
  but no , i do n't agree with your characterization of a violent response . 
  the turkish bodyguards instigated the violence , and they were incredibly brutal . 
  yes , there should have been better security measures taken , but the guards are responsible for their own actions . 
  there are times where violence is acceptable , and i view violence , in this specific case , as justifiable because the turkish bodyguards attacked an otherwise peaceful protest . 
  i do n't particularly like violence . 
  i believe many americans are too quick to suggest violence in general . 
  but in this case , violence is totally an appropriate response . 
  the police would 've been much more brutal had these men been americans attacking other americans . 
  they are ultimately guests in the u.s. 
  this is n't turkey . 
  they do n't just get to attack peaceful protesters because they do n't like what they say . 
  if it 's illegal to beat down the kkk , neo-nazis , or the westboro baptist church ( when they were still a thing ) when they 're protesting peacefully then it 's just as illegal for the turkish bodyguards to attack peaceful protesters . 
  that they 're foreign guests from an authoritarian dictatorship just makes me angrier . 
  if the only way to fight back against authoritarianism is violence , then violence it is . 
  do i like it ? 
  no , not really . 
  but i hate what the bodyguards did more than i dislike violence , especially justified retaliatory violence . 
  honestly , i 'd make the case for fdr , and i love the guy . 
  he 's our longest serving president , and he tried some shady shit like packing the court . 
  nixon was also a lot closer considering how he fucked the democratic party so severely in the 1972 election through illegal wiretapping . 
  trump 's just a fucking dumbass who 's unfit for the presidency . 
  if there 's a coup , it 'll be the fault of congressional republicans who want to use trump as a tool to pass their hateful policies . 
  i 'm speaking specifically about syrians . 
  it 'll be a sad day for snl . 
  i 'll be partying . 
  well , i was referencing refugees going to sweden more specifically than poland ;p . but do n't sell yourself short . 
  even though i have n't been there , i 've been close to the border between germany and poland . 
  it 's a beautiful place , even if your government is nuts . 
  but to be real for a moment , i get why there 's apprehension about syrian refugees . 
  that 's a lot of traumatized , alienated , hurt , and scared people coming into a completely new society that they do n't fully understand . 
  anyone 'd be crazy to not have some concerns . 
  but it 's not fair to call them migrants if they try to make a choice about where they want to live . 
  it 's just human . 
  it 's either languish in some horrible camp without work for years , just wasting away or try for a place like sweden or germany . 
  it 's just not as simple as `` oh , they did n't go to the nearest camp , so they 're not refugees . '', 
  they 're still refugees . 
  maybe they 're a bit ballsier than others , or maybe they have more money available to them , but their perspective is completely ignored by comments like yours . 
  their home is still destroyed ; it 's still too dangerous for them to go back . 
  and even if they could , why would they want to ? 
  look at how their government treats them . 
  they literally use chemical weapons against them - weapons so brutal that they were banned in warfare because they were deemed inhumane . 
  no , i do n't think syrian refugees who go far to the north can reasonably be called migrants either . 
  they 're people who 're trying to take their lives into their own hands , who 're looking for new homes . 
  calling them migrants delegitimizes them , and it ultimately hurts the goal of assimilation ( whatever that is ) because it ignores their rationality . 
  people who do n't feel welcomed are going to be more hostile , and it 'll only create more problems . 
  people are going to feel from brutal violence like the syrian civil war . 
  it 's only natural . 
  i think i 'm actually reading a bit too much into your comment , but it 's still a harmful mentality imo . 
  or , at least , it does more harm than good . 
  for the time being . 
  nixon was more threatening . 
  my real concern is congressional republicans who refuse to hold their party accountable for anything . 
  i can only hope trump teaches them a lesson because , at this rate , i do n't think he 'll be president in december . 
  if you lost everything , would n't you try for the best life possible ? 
  as far as i 'm concerned , the police should have beat the bodyguards bloody . 
  there is no fucking excuse for them to attack americans on american soil . 
  i know trump 's in office , but we 're not some second-rate dictatorship . 
  if authoritarians want to come to the u.s. and peddle their bullshit , then they can get a taste of their own medicine . 
  no tolerance for the intolerant . 
  it sounds vintage 1980 's american pop in japanese being sung by the granddaughter of italy 's fascist dictator . 
  it 's honestly stranger than fiction . 
   i see these accusation get repeated regularly . 
  check wikipedia article as an american , i really do n't see these accusations talked about much . 
  yes , the information exists , but no one talks about it . 
  no one teaches it . 
  it 's rarely even acknowledged as a thing . 
  when i say no one knows about it , i mean if you took a poll of americans , i doubt more than 10 % would be aware of this idea . 
  propaganda is to be propagated . 
  if only a small number of people know about it ( much less believe it ) then how is it propaganda ? 
  it 's just information that exists out the world for the curious to find . 
  if you 're right and it 's a conspiracy theory then it 's just another conspiracy theory like 9/11 truthers or people who think jfk was assassinated by the u.s. government . 
  people can find information about that , and our t.v. 
  networks have made plenty of programs about it . 
  but no one is using it to attack putin .
