thanks !, 
  i did n't know they had secession movements and armed political conflicts outside of extreme islamist groups . 
  i definitely did n't know they had a famine . 
  i 'll have to read more about it . 
  eh , shakespeare 's hard to read because he uses a lot of outdated or uncommon words , and many of the modern words have a different definition in shakespeare 's text . 
  the grammar 's weird , but so much of shakespeare 's meaning and puns are lost because english sounds different + the definitions are fucky . 
  that 's not to say he ca n't be easily understood , but the difficulty in shakespeare does n't come from his grammar imo . 
  english is bullshit . 
  we do n't even pronounce our own damn words right . 
  blessedly , the romance languages are just like that . 
  and i 'm sending my best wishes right back to you !, 
  it is a sort of propaganda . 
  it 's not the only type , either . 
  movies do this with beauty , too . 
  the culture changes , and the art reacts . 
  why do n't you explain to me why that 's wrong ? 
  i do n't doubt you . 
  and africa 's literally a continent . 
  do you not think people will flee south before they go north across a huge chunk of ocean or before they cross the desert ? 
  i 'm not saying there wo n't be issues . 
  i 'm saying that they wo n't instantly result in a massive migration from africa to europe . 
  we 're talking about something far-off here . 
  it 's important to think of solutions ( for the sake of africa and africans , first ) , but that 's not what 's happening here . 
  it 's just racist fear mongering . 
  do n't be so fucking smug . 
  you 're right . 
  look at this entire thread . 
  it 's racist fear-mongering . 
  `` oh god , europe wo n't be white anymore if something is n't done about those africans ! '', 
  is the thing everyone 's freaking out about in here . 
  they just pretend africa , a continent that 's bigger by 8 million square miles and .5 million people , is uniformly fucked . 
  that 's not to say there are n't areas of africa that are n't fucked , but it 's not universally horrible . 
  but reading these comments , you 'd think there 's nothing good there . 
  but there are strong sub-saharan desert economies like nigeria . 
  the entire economy of africa will grow . 
  there will be problems , but that does n't everyone in africa is going to drop their bags and run to europe . 
   doubtful if bernie could have tapped into trump 's asshole cynicism i do n't think that 's what won trump the election . 
  he was liked enough in spite of it , not because of it . 
   the republicans would have probably started to run a red scare campaign if bernie would have run which would have been entirely different . 
  definitely . 
  i just do n't think it would 've mattered . 
  american politics are so polarized that i do n't think red scare tactics would 've been super successful . 
   hindsight is 20/20 . 
  yeah , that 's the real thing here . 
  i just hope the dems learn from this . 
  trump is a yuge problem . 
   also people did n't anticipate beforehand that rustbelt states it was pretty much recognized that trump had very little chance there , but he was campaigning there quite a bit . 
  no one expected his gamble to pay off , but it did . 
  that does n't mean no one was talking/thinking about it . 
  just , there was n't much attention paid to it because those states were unlikely to flip . 
  or so we though . 
  and florida is a key state . 
  it was a key state for both hrc and trump in guessing what states are most likely to flip . 
  this election was just different . 
   fact is that challengers in the us tend to have the upper hand over incumbents after 8 years . 
  of course , most of us thought that this would be different because trump is , well , trump . 
  i certainly did n't think he was electable . 
  i was wrong , obviously . 
  the thinking was `` goldwater lost to lbj because lbj painted goldwater as insane . 
  and now , here 's a man who 's barely coherent running for president . 
  what fucking luck ! '', 
  and , iirc , the streaks are teddy roosevelt and taft ( streak ) then the guys after woodrow wilson ( harding , coolidge , and hoover ) then fdr four times then truman ( second streak ) , then the streak is broken by none other than eisenhower , who 's succeeded by jfk , then lbj , then nixon/ford , carter , reagan , bush ( streak number three ) . 
  so really , it 's more out of the norm for american politics to be so fractured with both parties going back and forth , imo . 
  it 's a more recent political trend . 
  i do n't think the dems need to panic , either . 
  trump is self-destructing , but i did n't want to see the damage trump is doing to the u.s. happen . 
  it 's unfortunate . 
   i hope reality will catch up at some point . 
  it will . 
  it always does . 
  but i 'm not sure when . 
  if trump directly colluded with russia , that 'll maybe make people aware of reality . 
  i do n't know . 
  i do n't think hillary going to the left or center would 've won her more votes . 
  i do think bernie would 've won , though . 
  bernie and trump both appealed to the white working class , and they 're the group who swung key states in trump 's favor , giving him the electoral win . 
  the support idea for bernie is that he would 've won many of the same voters hrc won + had higher turn out among young democratic voters + would 've won the white working class . 
  what good is calling someone a socialist when you 're running someone who brags about sexual assault ? 
  at that point , insults mean nothing . 
  que horrible !, 
  espanol por favor, 
  i mean , he was legally convicted in court of housing discrimination against black people . 
  the u.s. government literally said `` you 're being racist . '', 
  but you 'll excuse that . 
  and you 'll find an excuse for any other examples i come up with because you 're not interested in an actual conversation . 
  you want to push an agenda . 
  you 're about as subtle as trump himself . 
  does it matter ? 
  if you vote for a racist , then you 're supporting a racist . 
  and if you support a racist then what does that make you ? 
  sure , maybe an individual trump voter does n't see mexicans and go `` wow , fuck them '' and attack them , but trump 's popularity tells people who do that it 's ( more ) okay . 
  either way , either explicitly or implicitly , racism is being supported and perpetuated . 
  i feel like you do n't really want to address what happened though . 
  you 're just handing waving historical debate away as whining and okay because it was normal . 
  and if you do n't then that 's on you . 
  yeah , but the title is addressing an american audience , and it 's emphasizing that american eugenics programs influenced nazi programs , meaning that in some ways the u.s. eugenics was comparable to nazi germany . 
  as far as i know about it , the u.s. eugenics movement was never as large scale as it was in germany , but that does n't erase the wrongs we committed . 
  it also implies that we were capable of doing the same things the germans did . 
  i think that 's important to recognize if we truly do n't want to see a repeat of nazi germany 's crimes . 
  americans need to be more aware of their history - good and evil .
