  trump 's banning trans people for no other reason than bigotry . 
  * he just announced this on twitter . 
  there 's no actual policy that 's been made ... yet . 
  we 'll see if he actually gets around to doing it . 
  i do n't know , man . 
  i question the judgement of anyone who looked at trump and said `` ahh , yes , this man will do a great job leading us , and all his immature behavior will go away once he gets into the presidency because he 'll be forced to grow up . '', 
  no , trump 's pretty racist , too . 
  little known french fact : every frame in this . gif represents a different french government . 
  yes , national self-determination . 
  the soviet union had `` national '' zones within it , i.e. 
  there was a jewish national state within the soviet union somewhere north of korea . 
  and yeah , you 'll hear no disagreement from me on why they adopted nationalism . 
  lenin viewed nationalism as an important step towards communism , and russia/asian/african / latin american socialism usually has an extremely nationalist element to it . 
  so while , yeah , there 's a lot of claims to being internationalist , in practice it 's been very nationalist . 
  berkeley is about the extent of any violent left-wing activities in the u.s. , and even then it 's been a handful of events . 
  the guy you 're responding to is a dumbass , but left-wing extremism in the u.s. does n't really exist in any meaningful way . 
  that 'd imply the mexico/u . s. 
  frontier during that time is similar to what 's happening , which it 's not at all . 
   those are all complications though . 
  they 're complications that make the situations so unlike each other that the comparison is n't useful . 
  the african slave trade and fleeing war are very , very different things . 
   and different groups can react differently to these circumstances than another group in the same position would . 
  this is without even getting into how different immigrants should be divided into groups in the first place . 
  one group of syrians is not necessarily like another . 
  if i had to choose a nation that would reaction vaguely reasonably towards immigration - certainly better than 19th and early 20th century americans would - it 'd be germany . 
  basically , what i 'm saying is that even though there are issues right now , it 's also important that we look to the past , see these things can be worked out , and not forget our common humanity when there are those in need because as the world heats up , as war and famine ravage different parts of the world , it 's going to be important that people step up because , who knows , maybe one day it 'll be us in that situation . 
  we never know . 
  that 's more like what 's happening in ukraine , though . 
   it also does n't mean it will get good in the future . 
  there 's a problem in using the past as a predictor of the future that i was trying to get to because in the end it is very hard to compare like with like when it comes to immigration . 
  as i said , one day at a time . 
  history is n't the future , but it gives hints into how issues can play out . 
  the reason african-americans have n't been fully brought into american culture in the same way the irish have is n't the fault of african-americans . 
  it 's the fault of white americans . 
  plus , it was a forced migration with an enforce racial hierarchy that existed for centuries , that had become culturally integral to the south and america more broadly . 
  i 'd say that 's far different than turkish or syrian immigrants/refugees in germany . 
  the change in american culture away from the kkk had little to do with immigration , though . 
  sure , american values changed , but they did n't change because irish immigrants came in and said `` the feckin ' lack o'civil rights ` ere fer people a color is downright disturbin ' ! '', 
  they did n't change because the pope demanded it . 
  the irish and italians just became white people , their accents , former cultures , and just about everything but their religion melted away into stories and folk tales . 
  it did n't happen immediately . 
  it took decades , even centuries . 
  and yes , the south radically changed , but similar racial caste systems and colonial empires melted away at the same time as people increasingly saw the injustice these systems caused . 
  that had nothing to do with immigration . 
  but shit , my family 's been in the u.s. for maybe a century ? 
  my irish heritage is about as relevant to me as it is to someone from ireland - that is to say , not at all because my family 's been here long enough that we 've been settled . 
  but it also took five generations for us to go from criminals to college graduates . 
  these issues take time , and i 'm not saying there 's no reason for angst . 
  but people who say immigration is an existential threat need to just take life one day at a time because bad now does n't mean bad forever . 
  yes , i feel compelled to tip and yell at the top of my lungs , so i 'm always out of money and coughing up blood . 
  do they ? 
  huh . 
  either way , i 'm painfully american . 
  i do n't think anyone else uses learned as a verb the way i did in english . 
  it 's both . 
  the world 's a fucked up place , but he 's not the answer . 
  it 's a more dangerous place because he has nuclear weapons and clearly does n't want to or can not do the work necessary to make informed , intelligent , judicial decisions . 
  no matter what country you belong to , no matter where you are , the man with the most powerful military in the world who does n't make thoughtful decisions is always dangerous , and that 's always fucked up . 
  and with nuclear weapons and a general war bringing the threat of nuclear destruction , he constitutes an existential threat through his ignorance . 
  he 'd rather attack cnn and watch fox and friends instead of reading and ruminating over important decisions . 
  100 years ago , the kkk was a major force in the united states , worried about african-american , catholic , and jewish influence on the u.s. - worried that it 'd ruin the values that they believed made the country great . 
  now , the kkk is not even a shadow of its former self . 
  there 's been a single catholic president and a half-black man as president - both are well regarded . 
  the rest have been white protestant men . 
  but back then , many white protestant americans worried that irish and italian and jewish and black influence would destroy the u.s. no such thing happened , and their xenophobic fears never panned out because then , like now , there was no existential threat . 
  or alternatively , you should n't pretend you 'll know what the world will look like in 100 years because the world is a wildly different place than it was ten years ago . 
  i think macron learned him . 
  i do n't think may really cares about things making sense , given how she defined brexit as brexit . 
  it sounds like he , at the very least , supported may at one point . 
  who knows though , that interview was from before the election . 
  why ? 
  i 'm not saying he ca n't make the joke , but it 's strange coming from a pro-brexit , pro-may comedian . 
  the great irony is the system that elected trump was meant specifically to prevent someone like trump ( incompetent , corrupt , dictatorial , demagogue ) from coming into office . 
  at least , that 's the way i learned the reasoning behind the electoral college . 
  it was meant to stop someone who was n't fit for office from becoming president . 
  it 's still better than the spanish in america . 
  jola and jambre ( spelled with the j to reflect pronunciation ) are about the extent of most non-native spanish speakers . 
  yeah , but can you understand cuban ? 
  thanks , i 'll make a point to read it !, 
  according to who ? 
  europe did n't pull ahead of china until the 18th century , i.e. 
  the french revolution . 
  european and chinese peasants had the same standard of living . 
  china had banking systems , too . 
  i forget the exact name of the article , but the historian who i 'm pulling this from is r. bin wong . 
  you 'd be surprised . 
  the idea of `` whiteness '' was created . 
  it has n't always been , and there are ideological aspects to it . 
  most of us ( meaning white people ) do n't see it because it 's the norm to us . 
  ask a person who is n't white and in the west , and they 'll tell you a different story - especially in the u.s. ( but this applies to britain as well , from what i understand ) . 
  it makes the people whose rhetoric encouraged this attack feel justified because self-reflection about their behaviors and attitudes is too much to ask . 
  yes . 
  people like katie hopkins are calling for a final solution to muslims . 
  someone who calls any religion inherently backwards and dangerous is someone looking for conflict . 
  even progressive reformers who call all religions backwards and dangerous are full of shit on that front . 
  i feel like i 'm drowning . 
  sometimes i wonder if aquaman is n't preparing florida to become his new capitol after we fail to fight global warming and the seas swallow the state . 
  i just imagine the aquafamily living in the disney castle . 
  no , florida 's incredibly humid . 
  it 's always at like 90 % humidity .
