  the other day i walked out the door , checked the weather , and it was at 99 % humidity . 
  you can almost swim in the air . 
  i did a double take because it sounded like `` vaginas . '', 
  it 's not a trick if it 's an honest question . 
  yes , people can laugh and be angry . 
  they 're not mutually exclusive , so i do n't see your point there . 
  and you end with an insult , so seriously : why are you so angry ? 
  you sound like an incredibly angry person . 
  why are you so angry ? 
  well , there are reasons to be angry about things . 
  life is n't a game to just be trolled . 
  people are actually hurt by his actions , so why should n't we be angry ? 
   you spouted a load of sound bites with little to no basis in reality and certainly no place in adult discussion . 
  i can give you reasons why i feel the way i do . 
  feel free to ask why i think the republican party is actively harmful towards the future . 
  i 'll justify my position , even if you do n't agree with me . 
   the accords have got about as much to do with climate change as the san francisco 49ers have with ice hockey . 
  clearly not considering that 's their purpose - to address climate change . 
   i did until the mentals got on it . 
  so that 's a good reason to risk the future ? 
  that 's really concerning . 
   y ` see , you name called and lied for years . 
  now you want me to take you seriously ? 
  i would much rather sit back , enjoy the show and watch you mongoloids eat each other with lies and bullshit . 
  lies like what ? 
  names like what ? 
  you 'd rather see human life fucked up because someone said some mean things ? 
  are you a child ? 
   funny thing to say after you just asked me if i care ? 
  i asked multiple questions . 
   it 's better than the whingefest that usually comes from your side . 
  you agree with me that you only want to piss people off . 
  what 's there to debate with you then if you 're not going to take things seriously ? 
  the irony , lmao . 
  your only reasoning is `` i love watching him make you cry , '' and i 'm off the deep end - i 'm the one who 's projecting . 
  you 're literally admitting to just trolling . 
  sad !, 
  how can i debate someone who wo n't respond to what i said ? 
  i have no problem with debate , but what 's there to debate here ? 
  do you not believe in climate change ? 
  do you not believe the accords go far enough ( that 's your stated reason , but i really do n't believe you ) ? 
  do you not care ? 
  or do you just want to piss people off because you 're a petty person who has nothing better to do with his life ? 
  i legitimately do n't care that the accords are `` only '' minimal . 
  it 's a world-wide effort , and that 's more than enough reason for me to support them . 
  are they baby steps ? 
  sure . 
  but baby steps are important . 
  leaving the accords is even more damaging than just not signing onto them in the first place because it affects how people see the u.s. 's promises from president to president . 
  we become infinitely less trust worthy , and that is a problem . 
  is that the debate you want ? 
  i can give you reasons for days . 
  i 'm not sure you can say the same . 
  if off the deep end is `` we should fight climate change '' and `` the man who 's obviously not all there should n't be president '' then , sure , i 'm off the deep end . 
  but at least i know how to swim . 
  i do n't want someone who ca n't answer a basic quesiton to educate me , so why do n't you use your brain or shut your mouth . 
  yes , when all but two countries in the world come together to agree on something , it 's bound to be minimal . 
  yes , it 's a small step , but that 's no reason to reject it . 
  ca n't even answer my question . 
  yes , it 's not about reason , it 's about opposition . 
  now we have it in your own words . 
  i 'm * shocked . 
  * you also post in / r/the _ donald a lot for someone who 's neutral . 
  the irony of calling me a raving `` madman '' while supporting trump . 
  again , it 's not about reason with you - it 's about opposition . 
  okay , then go check his fucking budget numbnuts . 
  oh wait , you 're just operating on the same principle i described . 
  it 's not about reason - it 's about opposition . 
  please , tell me what these real concerns are that are worth risking the damage wrought by climate change . 
  if less state means abandoning poor children to die then fuck that . 
  there 's always dangers inherent in power , and i get why , given polish history , you 'd be weary of state power . 
  but if the richest country to ever be can not help educate and ensure children are n't dying because their parents ca n't afford it then there 's a problem . 
  because we ca n't trust big business with these things either , because they 're assholes who only care about themselves . 
  at least in democratic government , we can make officials answer to us . 
  it 's true of them as a rule . 
  there might be a few who are for it , but they 're the exception , not the rule . 
  trump 's budget is not taken seriously by republicans , so it 's not going to pass , anyway . 
  given that one side of the republican party rejected the house healthcare bill for not cutting medicare enough , i doubt they 'll be enthusiastic about paid maternity ( and absolutely hate paid paternity ) leave . 
  i 'm not sure what else to say about people who want to rip up environmental regulations , cut child healthcare , cut education , reject paid maternity/paternity leave . 
  they do n't care about the future . 
  they care about the now . 
  look at how they spent the past couple years attacking obama for everything , too . 
  they attacked him for things they were guilty of , they attacked him for policies they 'd supported a year before . 
  it 's not about what 's best - it 's about opposing the other guy , no matter who it fucks over . 
  he does n't understand it other than `` obama did it , '' and that 's all the ( ir ) rationale republicans need to leave . 
  because fuck the environment , fuck the earth , there 's money to be made and kids ' lives to ruin . 
  and they do n't even have to deal with the consequences personally . 
  it 's like their dream : fuck obama , fuck kids , get money , and no personal consequences - the republican mantra . 
  smoking was way more common 15 years ago . 
  iirc , that 's around the time we put our smoking in restaurants ban in place . 
  i was only a kid then , but cigarette smoke was still really common . 
  i knew a fair amount of adults who smoked . 
  so 15 years ago , i doubt i would 've been shocked , honestly . 
  smoking seems generally more acceptable in europe than it is in the u.s. 
  almost no one i know smokes now , and the people i know who do smoke are generally trying to quit . 
  i went to germany , and i swear every other person was smoking . 
  that 's an exaggeration , but it is more common , and people smoke in public . 
  and drink in public . 
  and now i just kinda want to go back . 
  like i said man , i do n't know all the specifics .
