  but if the u.k. decides that they want to kill every person of indian descent in britain then it 's genocide . 
  the focus on the ethnicity ( or nationality ) of the group being killed is what defines a genocide . 
  yeah , that 's why i thought his rhetorical thing with far-right voters not being racist , just economically struggling thing was clever . 
  it 's an excuse , a cover for something deeper and much more evil . 
  the idea is : `` ignore the rhetoric about race and immigration . 
  that 's just a side effect . 
  the people like * us * , who 've been derided as racist , are really people who the new economy has failed . 
  that 's it . 
  there 's no other reason for people calling us racist . '', 
  but of course , there is , because that xenophobic , racist rhetoric is a huge attraction to many voters . 
  it may not be the only reason , but it 's there . 
  purposefully downplaying the hate is one way to draw attention away from it while still letting it thrive . 
  and i do n't want to let that slide . 
  yes , and anyone can be ethnically cleansed . 
  i mean , you 're right that you do n't need to kill people to destroy their culture . 
  you could forcibly sterilize them . 
  but genocides usually involve directly killing people . 
  they have historically , and i do n't see why there would n't be systematic murder in a future genocide . 
  you can get rid of an ethnic group through ethnic cleansing , which is a broader category that genocide falls under . 
  forced mass migrations , for example , are ethnic cleansing , but they 're not genocide unless done with the intention of murdering tons of people , i.e. 
  the forced marches of the armenian genocide . 
   you will be called a xenephobic bigot for voting for the fn , for leave or for trump . 
  and what should people say about racist rhetoric ? 
  that it does n't exist ? 
  that the parallels with the past should n't be looked at ? 
  that racist words do n't turn into racist actions ? 
  that it 's okay because white people are worried about the economy ? 
  i also love your little rhetorical technique of `` they 're not racist !, 
  look , economic concerns ! '', 
  it 's clever ( no , seriously ) . 
  but you 're implying people are called racist over voting with economics in mind . 
  but that 's a trick . 
  i 'm sure there are people who 're voting based on economic concerns , but it 's not like hillary clinton did n't try to address economic issues . 
  she may want to kill the coal industry , but she also supports re-training for workers who 've lost their jobs . 
  that 's not an easy sell , but she 's trying to address the fact that we ca n't go back to how things were . 
  but things not going back to the way they were is a part of the problem . 
  people act like the economic and racial backlash from populists are n't connected . 
  but they are . 
  simply put , there 's just a lot of people who 're tired of the jobs they worked going away and seeing more brown faces in their neighborhood . 
  for centuries , westerners were taught that people with darker skin are below them , and it 's been held onto as a cultural value . 
  now , that 's changing , and they 're uncomfortable because a central trick capitalists have played on the working class - that there 's racial superiority - is being ripped away . 
  and with manufacturing work going away , that traditional pillar they relied on - that let them feel like they were n't at the bottom of the ladder - is going away . 
  and they 're pissed . 
  for working men , this attention is focused on women , too . 
  i 'm deeply sympathetic towards the people who 're losing their jobs , who 're seeing manufacturing work and the industries that have sustained their families for decades - maybe even over a century - going away . 
  there are a lot of people who 've been wronged by neo-liberal capitalism , but the answer is not far-right populists because , ultimately , they 're not going to bring the jobs back . 
  it 's terminal . 
  what we need to be doing is shifting how our economies work . 
  and we need to give the displaced workers good , honest , and fulfilling jobs . 
  that means jobs that are n't just service jobs . 
  but i do n't think anyone is promising that . 
  so they fall back on a racism that began in modernity . 
  the argument goes that the soviet union , in general , was experiencing a food shortage/bad harvests . 
  ukraine was especially hard hit , and the soviet union did nothing to help the situation and millions starved . 
  and , iirc , they talk about how soviet policies regarding collective farming made the problem worse . 
  stalin politically benefited from masses of starving peasants because they could n't organize against him . 
  that 's class warfare , but not genocide . 
  but the overall point is n't that stalin was stealing food from ukrainians because they were ukrainian . 
  he may have been indifferent to ukrainian suffering , but that 's not targeting them for their nationality or even systematically . 
  that means it 's not a genocide . 
  that all said , i 'm not personally invested in this argument . 
  genocide is specifically targeting and conducting mass-killings of an ethnicity or nationality . 
  if stalin targeted peasants then that does n't meet the definition . 
  if he was purposely starving ukrainians then , yes , it is . 
  either way , what stalin did was evil . 
  and either way , most genocides do n't get a lot of attention . 
  the holocaust is ( rightly ) seen as especially evil , but how often do we talk about armenia ? 
  or the americas ? 
  or the congo ? 
  or british india ? 
  i 'm not sure . 
  a lot of them are unpleasant subjects to breach about people who maybe we 've never heard of or just do n't care about that part of the world . 
  i do n't think many people care either way . 
  it 's easier to stay blind . 
  who is killed absolutely matters . 
  all genocides are ethnic cleansing , so the group being targeted needs to be an `` ethnicity '' ( however it 's defined ) . 
  all genocides will inherently be targeted because genocides are , by definition , systematic . 
  systematic mass murder is n't necessarily the same thing as genocide because genocides target groups of people based on nationhood or ethnicity . 
  i 've never heard anyone use lent in the place of post . 
  we ca n't know if there is or is not a god or gods . 
  it 's just not provable either way . 
  how do we even know that our senses are n't lying to us ? 
  how do we know that we 're not in a simulation ? 
  well , we do n't . 
  religion and theology make different assumptions , but that does n't make them useless or inherently harmful . 
  i assume that there is no `` god '' ( well , depending on how god 's defined ) because i prefer explanations that do not require the assumption that there is a god and that we know its will . 
  but that does n't mean god does n't exist . 
  it 's just that i make different assumptions about life . 
  yeah , religion has been used to justified horrific shit , but so has science . 
  eugenics is called scientific racism for a reason . 
  people believed that , through rational investigation , they could prove the superiority of white people . 
  yeah , they were wrong , but they believed they had a reason . 
  enlightenment philosophy was used to justify mass killings and slavery . 
  secularism was used as an excuse to commit mass murder in the vendee during the french revolution . 
  those damn catholics wo n't just accept their antiquated religion should submit itself to the power of the french state . 
  what i 'm trying to get at is this religion is n't the only reason people kill . 
  enlightenment europe had no problem with the trans-atlantic slave trade and colonialism . 
  they just did n't view its victims as people ( defined as rational beings , which is different from being `` human '' in their eyes ) . 
  i get the impulse , but suppression and marginalizing religion does n't do much but make people angry . 
  personally , i think marx was right : religion is the opium of the masses .
