   no we were n't . 
  we did n't exterminate jews , black people and all other minorities , unless there 's a lot of history i 've missed . 
  i think there 's a lot of history you 've missed . 
  i said it 's nazi-esque , and i think it is in some ways . 
  we did n't break into systematic , industrialized genocide , but we had eugenics programs that were nazi-esque . 
  we had politicians who called for genocide . 
  there are horrible medical experiments we 've done to filipinos . 
  there 's a lot of horrible anti-black racist killings and sterilizations that state governments permitted or actively engaged in . 
  and worst of all , few people talk about it or pay attention to it . 
  we just ignore it , and we ca n't get a full picture of american history without its international significance . 
  so in the sense that america 's eugenics program was looked to as a model for other eugenics movements , i do think that 's worth mentioning and comparing with nazi germany . 
  that does n't mean america 's been the real nazis all along , but it does saying something about us that mean we were , in ways , nazi-esque because we participated in and influenced the same dialogues that led to nazi actions . 
  i 'm not saying it 's a good comparison , but addressing our scientific racism and what we 've done to disabled and black and filipino people is important for dealing with modern racism . 
  white americans need to understand our own history better because it 's pretty damn ugly , and recognizing the eugenics movement for what it was is a step towards understanding history better . 
  i do n't think you 're understanding my point about the title 's meaning and rhetorical value . 
  the message is n't `` we 're the real nazis . '', 
  it 's `` we have forgotten this part of our history , and it needs to be addressed because we 're lying to ourselves if we deny what we 've done . '', 
  for the purposes of drawing attention to america 's racist history , it is a good rhetorical idea . 
  it 's snappy , and it conveys a general meaning quickly and understandably . 
  you can argue if it 's valid or not , but that 's not the point . 
  you can disagree with a phrase 's message while still acknowledging it conveys it well . 
  the death tax is a good example , imo . 
  while i personally support the estate tax , i think the death tax is a great rhetorical phrase because , jesus christ , they 're even taxing us after we die !, 
  it 's liberal government gone mad !, 
  and look , i 'm not against some nahtzi slayin ' , but helping to take out hitler does n't absolve us of our other sins . 
  it was the right thing to do . 
  but doing the right thing does n't mean we 've undone our wrongs . 
  and you 're right , other countries are guilty of being extremely racist . 
  they have their own histories they need to tarry with , too . 
  like i said , it was a message directed at americans . 
  the article 's directed at americans . 
  it 's trying to say that america had nazi-esque practices before the nazis . 
  if america had nazi-esque practices then we 're capable of committing the same violence we chide germans for having done . 
  it also reemphasizes how racist america was during world war ii because not a lot of people think about it . 
  seriously , america was racist as fuck , and most white people do n't know that . 
  it 's not like white people would deny it , but they do n't realize the extent of our racism . 
  we were n't just mildly racist - no , we were actively , violently , nazi-levels of racist . 
  it 's really shocking to accurately compare america 's racism to nazi germany 's . 
  your reading of the title rings true to me , too . 
  but it 's an effective rhetorical device for american audiences in showing how racist the u.s. is . 
  no , not at all . 
  i 'm not even sure where to start with that idea because there are so many other reasons that contributed to how the primaries played out . 
  hillary won on her merits . 
  i voted for bernie in the primaries . 
  i knew he 'd lose , but i was fine with him losing to hrc because she 's an incredibly qualified candidate . 
  if some women want a woman to be president , then there are few women more qualified than hrc . 
  it 's a great coupling , and for many women it did matter that a woman became president , but it 's far from the only reason that someone can think of to vote for hrc over bernie . 
  elizabeth warren probably would 've done great , too . 
  but let 's not kid ourselves : hrc 's lost came , in part , from sexism . 
  that 's not to say that she is n't a flawed candidate in some ways , but ... come on , look who she lost to . 
  i do n't know if elizabeth warren could 've escaped the sexism . 
  trump has to be one of the worst presidents the u.s. has ever had . 
  i feel like he 's america 's commodus . 
  i 'm not sure if trump or brexit is the biggest unforced error there 's ever been . 
  a lot of us honestly believed that hillary 's qualifications would make such a contrast with trump 's nonsense that people 'd be sensible . 
  like , it seems obvious that someone as obviously unstable as trump , with a history of lying and conning , would be seen for what he is . 
  like , he 's transparent to tons of americans , about 3 million more in fact , but he won in the right areas . 
  sander 's loss is tragic . 
  i think he would 've won . 
  he struck the same notes as trump . 
  he was popular with the voters hrc lost . 
  in america 's polarized politics , it 's likely that he would 've had somewhat similar margins among other democratic groups . 
  yeah , the socialist tag would 've been harsh , but trump 's a joke . 
  bernie would 've won . 
  lesson learned tho . 
  but diamond joe had lost his son . 
  no one can blame him for not running . 
  he 's human and had a tough life . 
  we need to respect his decision . 
  but man president joe biden would 've been sweet . 
  even joe himself knows it . 
  history will cry for what could 've been . 
  maybe the dems can elect him speaker of the house , and when trump and pence are impeached , biden can be president . 
  even if they 're a minority in the senate , it 's not like the gop has huge margins on the dems . 
  the senate gop is more moderate and willing to work with democrats , especially on matters of national security . 
  if trump can be impeached in the house then there 's a real chance gop senators would vote to remove him if there 's evidence . 
  just look at lindsay grahman and john mccain and how they talk about trump . 
  they want to see him gone . 
  thanks for answering !, 
  so the basic idea is to make people want to be a part of the system ? 
  if i were spanish , i 'd be really trusting of icelandic people because their word 's golden . 
  but that 's not what happened . 
  europeans ( and i 'm thinking of the british here , specifically ) changed the indian agricultural economy to fit their needs . 
  people were growing cotton instead of food because the british demanded it , and the british had the power to make that demand . 
  and when famines came , they did n't accept aid for the starving people , stating social darwinism as the reason . 
  they thought it would be better for them to die . 
  this is n't `` we 're poor and hungry and if we do n't get food we 'll die . '', 
  this is `` we need more cotton because the americans ended slavery , and now our economy that was built on exploitation needs new people to exploit . '', 
  what you said just does n't reflect reality unless you think it 's okay to kill people for economic benefit . 
  `` should n't we have known better ? '', 
  is a modern attitude . 
  colonialist killers knew what they were doing . 
  german police battalions understood what they were doing . 
  they were committing murder . 
  but they justified it to themselves as either right or as having no other choice , even when they did . 
  now , we want to deny our horrible past because it 's painful - it runs against the narrative we tell ourselves about how great european ( / american ) civilization is and how much progress we 've made and how we 've improved the world so much . 
  truth is , our ancestors spent centuries slaughtering and exploiting people . 
  it only became horrible when europeans started doing it to europeans . 
  the sad truth is , we knew better , but we did it anyway . 
  and that 's far scarier because it implies that it can happen again .
