  and i really do believe it can . 
  people will find any justification they want if you let them . 
  we 're all mental gymnasts . 
  so if you 're not loyal , you 're bribed . 
  and if you 're not bribed , you 're threatened ( be it your job or your life ) . 
  am i understand you right ? 
  if i am , then it sounds like only pro-government politics are allowed unless i 'm missing something ( which i probably am . 
  i 'm asking because i 'm ignorant ) . 
  given that it 's by a philosophy phd and is advised by people with phds in indian philosophy , i feel pretty comfortable citing it . 
  like i said , check it out . 
  i have a decent knowledge of philosophy , so as far as i can tell it 's well done . 
  he also invites other relevant people with phds on the show , is hired by a university , etc. 
  it 's legit . 
  i 'd recommend checking out the podcast . 
  all history books are persuasive essays . 
  by all accounts , hellenic philosophy was most likely influenced by indian philosophy ( source : the history of philosophy without gaps ' indian series ) . 
  it 's interesting how cultural exchanges work . 
  if we 're going back that far , how many people would 've been literate ? 
  i think us english speakers are just generally bad at political cartoons/satire . 
  most people do n't think about it that much . 
  plus , patrick has a `` t '' in it . 
  it makes sense that you 'd say `` patty '' instead of `` paddy '' if you do n't know . 
  well , trump tower might not have been wiretapped . 
  i do n't know , personally . 
  but there 's something shady there , and i believe the fbi has investigated it , ergo trump 's been tapped at some point . 
  yes , because trump claimed obama ordered a wiretap on trump . 
  that is illegal , and if it were true , it would be a massive abuse of the presidency that would destroy obama 's reputation , legacy , and probably lead to jail . 
  but it 's not true . 
  that does n't necessarily make it a lie , though . 
  there 's an argument to be made that trump is n't purposefully deceiving people , so therefore he 's just wrong - but not lying . 
  but trump will just throw out whatever makes him look good and his opponents look bad , regardless of the source , without fact checking ( which he can do ) , so i say trump is lying because he does n't care about the truth , just that it helps him . 
  he is willing to deceive people , everyone , if it helps him or make him look better . 
  he 's a liar , through and through . 
  is he being spied on by the u.s. government , though ? 
  probably . 
  but it does n't have anything to do with obama . 
  people take stupid risks sometimes . 
  i would n't be shocked if they knew what they were walking into . 
  journalists also go into war zones where they know they 're targets . 
  some people just do n't give a fuck . 
  they are . 
  the people who do n't fall for it are n't though . 
  what 's life without some risks ? 
  i mean , most european powers do too . 
  the u.k. , france , germany , and belgium , in particular , are huge offenders . 
  it 's just a fact of the west . 
  our wealth was built on other people 's suffering for our benefit . 
  trump 's lying is unprecedented though . 
  he openly and willfully lies to americans , i.e. 
  the obama wiretapping claim . 
  or birtherism . 
  or a billion other fucking things that we 've forgotten about because he spews so much shit . 
  okay , i hear what you 're saying about why america muslims are more peaceful . 
  i do think there 's truth in it , but i 'm also not familiar enough with immigration patterns from the me and north africa to know . 
  you 're making a lot of assumptions about why muslims from the middle-east emigrate , tho . 
  does n't it make just as much sense that they 're fleeing the violence and poverty of the me for safer , more stable countries where there are already established communities ? 
  i know i would n't want to live in the me with all of the violence and instability there . 
  what are conditions like in little-arabia ( wherever that may be ) . 
  is it generally poor ? 
  is it under served ? 
  is there high crime ? 
  that 's what i 'm curious about . 
  no , i 'm pretty sure people do n't get angry out of nowhere . 
  there 's usually an underlying reason that inspires people to extremes . 
  it 's not specific to islam or any one group . 
  it 's more of a general idea . 
  religion , in my eyes , is generally a cover or an excuse . 
  people will find in it whatever excuse they want . 
  the number of muslims and their stronger ties to the country they came from ( or their parents came from ) is definitely explained by the atlantic ocean , but i do n't think extremism can be . 
  it 's a body of water , and we have near-instant communication . 
  i think if the problem was exclusively one of religion then we 'd see similar problems in areas with a lot of muslims , but we do n't . 
  it 's not like america does n't have an explicitly islamophobic president , so i do n't think it can even be explained by wilders being a fuck because , otherwise , we might see something similar in the u.s. 
  `` beyond religion '' religious radicalization usually strikes me as a symptom , so why do turks in the netherlands feel like they need more specific representation , i.e. 
  are their communities like the ones in paris suburbs where there are a fuckton of problems . 
  it 's very , very , very easy to talk about a group of people without sounding like a smug asshole , even if you disagree with them . 
  to be fair , the french elections are really interesting . 
  you have two flaming dumpsters ( le pen and fillion ) , a golden boy , and ~ ~ a nice piece of pork ~ ~ hamon , and melenchon but i do n't think any english speaking news source has payed any attention to him , and i do n't know french , so i ca n't imagine he 's super important . 
  i 'm so jealous of germany . 
  i know jackshit about dutch politics , but why would turkish and moroccan voters be attracted to the akp party beyond religion ? 
  i wish the people who voted for far-right parties would just be honest . 
  yeah , maybe they do n't want an active genocide , but they 're obviously uncomfortable with non-white immigration . 
  they do n't say it , but they indicate it anyway . 
  but i 'm convinced lying is a far-right value , so that 's already out the window . 
  no , it was a choice between a narcissistic , out of touch , thoroughly corrupt , two-faced , law-breaking demagogue , and a kinda shady , high-profile politician who offered decent policies , experience , a proper temperament , and a progressive face ( though i 'm sure she would 've governed from the center ) . 
  i would n't call hrc two-faced , but i 'm not going to downplay that she tries to get stuff over on people , either . 
  she 's not perfect , but she 's so much better than trump it 's not even funny . 
  people need to stop with this `` both sides are the same '' bullshit . 
  that 's just not the case . 
  i 'm not saying hrc is perfect , but she 's leagues better than trump because he is unstable and not fit to be president . 
  what i mentioned is only the tip of the iceberg , and it 's nowhere near the biggest problem trump has . 
  it 's a bigly disaster . 
   my entire point was that both sides are so bad it hardly matters . 
  that is their bullshit . 
  i 'm not saying hillary would 've been a perfect president , but trump is neither qualified nor capable of being president . 
  he gets his news from morning talk shows . 
  he does not read the briefings he 's given . 
  when something goes wrong , he blames everyone else ( it 's the generals ' fault that the raid i ordered ended with a dead seal and some 30 civilians , including children , because it 's not the president 's job to make hard decisions or whatever ) . 
  he does n't even read the executive orders that he signs . 
  the man is just incompetent . 
  and he 's massively , blatantly corrupt , and he lies about it shamelessly .
