  he spent the entire campaign screaming ( literally ) that hrc will fill the government up with goldman sacs bankers , and then he turns around and puts like 10 of them in his cabinet . 
  say what you will about hrc , but i 'm not worried about her knowingly appointing a compulsive liar and foreign agent ( flynn ) to the nsa . 
  i 'm not worried about her not doing the work required . 
  i 'm not worried about her starting a war through twitter . 
  i 'm not worried about russia having compromising material on her that they can use to blackmail her . 
  trump is just unfit to be president of the united states . 
  hillary 's not perfect , but she 's more than qualified . 
  when you say that they 're both so horrible that it hardly matters then you 're playing into trump/the republican party 's hands because it does matter . 
  and when you say it does n't , well , that is falling for it . 
  and that 's not even getting into republican policies , which are literally `` cut taxes on the rich , raise them on the poor , leave the poor without social assistance , and call it a day . '', 
  they 're including a $ 600,000 dollar tax cut for insurance company ceos while cutting coverage for millions of americans , meaning people will die while ceos just get richer . 
  at the same time trump and pence and the republican party were throwing a shitfit over the e-mails , pence was using a private server ( that got hacked ) . 
  trump , last i 've heard , still uses his unsecured blackberry . 
  he literally reviewed classified information in public at mar-a-lago . 
  you can literally pay 200k to become a member at mar-a-lago where you too might be able to talk to the president and see that info . 
  my point is : sure , the e-mails were a problem , and it 's unfortunate that american politicians are so lax about cyber-security . 
  but let 's not pretend like the republicans were doing anything different . 
  it was a political witch hunt , and it 's always been that way . 
  do n't fall for their bullshit . 
  i do n't see anyone pushing china or a chinese model as a good thing . 
  i 'm certainly not , but i do think xi jinping has a point . 
  but what democracies are there that we ( collectively , as `` the west '' ) do n't trade with ? 
  taiwan ? 
  of course . 
  i 'm not saying they 're going to undo the e.u. 
  today , but tomorrow worries me . 
  oh no , europe that 's imperialism , not regionalism !, 
  i think we 're rooting for the other country 's donald and i find that strange yet slightly endearing . 
  btw , i hear if you take off the flesh mask , that 's just putin . 
  well , life 's unpredictable . 
  someone wrote about `` the end of history '' and the victory of neo-liberalism some 20 years ago . 
  now , it looks and sounds incredibly silly . 
  it 's almost impossible to predict what 'll happen in the next twenty and how opinions will change . 
  it 's looking unlikely now , but who knows what will change . 
  huh , i did n't know that . 
  opinions can be changed . 
  i do n't think the differences in europe are so irreconcilable that a peaceful solution ca n't be found . 
  no one said anything about homogeneity or foreigners or practicality . 
  i thought the conversation was about gdp vs. happiness . 
  no , they 're really not . 
  it 's not one or the other . 
  if it was then we 'd see wealthy counties being incredibly unhappy while poor countries would be incredibly happy . 
  that 's just not the case . 
  and for what it 's worth , yeah , i would rather live in mexico , actually . 
  it has its problems , no doubt , but mexico is n't homogeneous . 
  it 's a pretty damn big place , and i speak spanish , so it 's just practical . 
  i do n't know shit about bulgaria other than where it 's located . 
  no , and i do n't recommend a chinese style of government in general . 
  but china 's problems are n't europe 's , and i do n't see why chinese style oppression is necessary to have a large , unified state . 
   latin america , which is doing basically nothing at all towards integration i wo n't disagree , but i do n't think it 's negates his point , either . 
  you say that like they 're a dichotomy . 
  is it though ? 
  britain just left the e.u. 
  le pen wants to france to vote on exiting the e.u. 
  and if i remember correctly , wilders is n't a huge fan of the netherlands , and his party is polling pretty well . 
  europe has the potential to become a world region , but it looks like it might go the other way . 
  hence `` you 'd have to decide so . '', 
  i do n't see why a war would be necessary . 
  i think it 'd require france and germany doing something radical though : uniting into a continental european state and inviting smaller nation-states to join . 
   how is europe less of a region than latin america no one said it is . 
  region in this context is referring to more than geography . 
  it 's referring to a state and the economy . 
  what xi jinping is saying is that europe is not developing into a `` region , '' i.e. 
  a federalized e.u. 
  and in fact , europe seems to be rejecting the idea of becoming a region through the ( possible ) collapse of the e.u. 
  if europe united into a federalized state then it would be more economically powerful , and it would live up to its potential . 
  india and china are already diverse like europe . 
  china is incredibly oppressive towards many of its non-han peoples , and india has a huge division between north and south ( from what i understand ) and a metric fuckton of languages . 
  basically , xi jinping is saying the era of the nation-state is ending , and europe needs to move beyond nationalism into regionalism to remain competitive . 
  i do n't think xi jinping is saying europe is a bad place to live . 
  rather , he 's saying europe could be stronger economically if it was a cohesive government instead of a collection of states under the banner of the e.u. 
  large economic blocs like china , india , and the u.s. will be economically powerful while european states will struggle in the coming future unless europe unites . 
  when someone 's critical thinking has led them to defend or support nazis then their critical thinking is broken . 
  what 's there to critically consider about the mass murder of people ? 
  you 're right and you 're wrong . 
  capitalism and racism have always been intertwined . 
  locke , despite being against slavery in his writings , owned stock in slavery trading companies and wrote the pro-slavery constitution of south carolina . 
  he justified it by saying that black people were n't rational and therefore not people , just humans . 
  of course , locke 's justifying his economics , but the effect is the same : there 's a justification for black slavery that benefits white americans and europeans . 
  you 're wrong in that racism exists independently of economic problems . 
  it might get visibly worse when the economy is struggling , but it 's always there . 
  if people were n't racist then they would n't be having racist reactions when things get bad . 
  poland was invaded by russia and nazi germany . 
  and considering germany 's plan was to literally kill off 90 % of the slavic population , i 'd say that we fought the right enemy . 
  the soviets were horrible , but nazi germany 's plan was infinitely worse than anything we 've ever seen . 
  a lot of that is a popular post-war narrative . 
  britain and france were okay with fascist germany until it was a problem because there was a border between them and the communists . 
  no one talks about that , either . 
  and it 's not like britain and france and the u.s. joined the war because germany was killing eastern europeans , either . 
  they joined because poland was invaded and winston churchill pestered the u.s. into declaring war on germany before was declared war on the people who actually attacked us . 
  it 's not my argument . 
  i 'm explaining the other argument to you . 
  you asked why , so i explained . 
  i 'm not sure you 're understanding me . 
  a genocide is `` the deliberate killing of a large group of people , especially those of a particular ethnic group or nation . '', 
  a genocide necessarily means that an ethnic group is being targeted . 
  mass murder is not genocide . 
  so if the u.k. decides that it 's going to kill all libertarians then it 's not a genocide . 
  it 's mass murder , but it 's not genocide . 
  if the u.k. decides that they 're going to kill tons of workers then it 's mass murder , but it 's not genocide .
