  remove the need for the drug , and its addicts will quit . 
  criminalizing it may result in fewer addicts , but it 'll create larger problems elsewhere . 
  two wrongs do n't make a right . 
  maybe the u.s. should 've been sanctioned , but that 's not the issue . 
  i 'm not saying do n't judge the u.s. , but do n't justify russia 's actions because america did it too . 
  it was wrong when we did it , and it 's wrong when russia does it . 
  maybe it 's hypocritical , but that 's international politics . 
  well , he removed himself from office :p . but yeah , nixon was never impeached , but chances are he would 've been removed . 
  at least , that 's what i 've gathered from people who 've studied watergate more in-depth . 
  at the very least , now we have a president who proudly proclaims that he 's a crook . 
  i should have clarified : nixon is the only president after jfk to be removed . 
  still , you seem overly pedantic and hostile for no reason . 
   except the other seven presidents who have died in office and did not serve the elected term . 
  they died before the amendment was passed . 
  it was passed in 1967 . 
  so you 're right about ford , but my point still stands . 
  the vp would be appointed by the senate asap assuming the vp is n't instantly removed . 
  not right away . 
  but a new vp would be confirmed at some point . 
  it 's a part of the 25th amendment that clarifies succession . 
  after nixon resigned , the new president , gerald ford , appointed nelson rockefeller to be his new vp . 
  this is the only time it has happened . 
  jfk was assassinated before the 25th amendment was ratified , and nixon is the only other president who has n't served the term he was elected to before being removed from office . 
  the speaker would serve out the rest of the term until the next election . 
  so if trump is impeached in july and removed in december , the next president would serve 2018-2021 ( when the next president would be inaugurated in january , whoever that is . ), 
  yes , pence could be impeached . 
  what would happen next would depend on if pence had a vice president by the time he was impeached . 
  so if pence had a vp then the vp would become president . 
  if he did n't , the presidency would pass to the speaker of the house , who is next in line . 
  whichever one speaks to trump last . 
  does it matter ? 
  trump 's rubber stamping decisions without understanding them . 
  my guess is that bannon has more influence because he 's physically closer . 
  either way , it 's a problem . 
  more like bannon has an inordinate amount of influence on trump . 
  bannon got trump to sign an executive order placing bannon on the nsc , and trump did n't even know what the order did . 
  trump sounds more like a rubber stamp than a president . 
  as for putin , we do n't know what 's going on , but i have a feeling we 'll find out more in the coming months . 
  but their relationship is strange , to say the least . 
  and i do n't mean a russian and american getting along is weird , but trump does n't criticize putin as opposed to literally criticizing everyone else . 
  bannon and putin . 
  and i do n't know how that 's new when this was brought up during the debates . 
  `` no puppet . 
  you 're the puppet . '', 
  that 's exactly what this is . 
  it 's meant to be seen , too . 
  i really do n't think it 's a coincidence that it was posted on / r/europe , either . 
  it says `` america will defend its nato allies . '', 
  this is doubly important when considering trump 's comments on nato and the new secretary of defense 's pro-nato views . 
  it says that the u.s. will defend its nato allies , no matter what the puppet in chief says . 
  as an american who has a decent gasp on spanish , italian throws me for a loop when i hear it . 
  i feel like i 'm hearing a really weird spanish accent that i do n't know . 
  because there are only extremes and no nuance in the world ? 
  i 'm just saying , it 's always best too look at problems from multiple , different perspectives . 
  no one 's innocent . 
  but , just for fun , let 's say we did what you say we do . 
  let 's say we just cut contact . 
  that does n't erase history . 
  our mark would still be there . 
  you say that like the west has n't been causing problems , just not in our own house . 
  our inspiration 's been ideological , not religious . 
  that does n't excuse islamic terrorism , but blaming just a religion is short-sighted . 
  it does n't address the full problem , so there will always be an excuse for violence until the problem is resolved . 
  unless you think religion is the only problem , but that seems to ignore a lot of history and economics and environmental issues that are contributing factors . 
  i think that 's a bit of a simplistic view . 
  one of the issues is that a lot of the best people on a subject work in private industry . 
  so if you want someone who can run a bank , you hire a banker who has experience with banking . 
  is it insidery ? 
  oh god yes , but it 's insidery because it 's the best people . 
  it 's lonely at the top . 
  i know stalin did , but the only example i can think of is the civil war having the bolsheviks fight the mensheviks . 
  can you specify some more ? 
  i 'm pretty sure people who moved west left their country . 
  there were german minorities in czechoslovakia , i.e. 
  germans in other countries . 
  sure , they went to the german nationstate , but who cares ? 
  why should america and france and the ussr and g.b. 
  have helped them ? 
  why should n't we have just let the germans there die ? 
  why should we have expended our resources helping and protecting them ? 
  christ , especially us americans . 
  we 're on the other side of the ocean . 
  why should we care if germany gets gutted ? 
  ( trade is the answer , but things have n't always been like that ) and , as for turkey , the issue 's that people are basically being held in detainment camps , so they 're not actually recieving much help . 
  you say let them stay home , so i say why do you want syrian children to die ? 
  turkey is n't exactly a stable place . 
  who knows what could happen . 
  i would n't want to go there . 
  no , i think they 're people , and i do n't think children should be left in warzones . 
  i do n't think adults should be either . 
  because it 's not about what they can do for me . 
  their basic humanity is enough reason to save someone . 
  and ? 
  what do you care ? 
  it was n't too long ago germans were fleeing the red army . 
  nearly all the germans in czechoslovakia and poland were ethnically cleansed . 
  should they have just been left there to be murdered ? 
  because we all get superfucked by life and circumstances out of our control . 
  have some empathy . 
  or maybe russia will invade germany while the u.s.a sits on ours asses and lets the russians have their way with you .
