  i 'm sure you can find an article that describes it better if you 're really interested . 
  it 's been my experience that your experience can vary with these things - especially working minimum wage jobs . 
  the effects are clear though : black voters are discriminated against while there 's no problem with voter fraud . 
  well , that 's what 's so devious ( and quite frankly brilliant ) about it . 
  it 's not obvious . 
  it 's not blatant . 
  my understanding of it is that they make getting a proper id so time consuming and such a hassle that those without the time and money can not get a proper id . 
  they make it harder to register to vote than many poor people of color have time for . 
  sure , this affects poor white people too , i imagine , but the intent ( as evidenced by the court case ) is to target specific demographics more than others . 
  they ca n't get an id , they ca n't vote because they just do n't the time or money needed to get an id . 
  besides , i do n't think it 's necessary to understand the ins-and-outs of how voter id laws discriminate as much as it is to see that a : voter fraud is not a problem , and b : voter id laws disproportionately affect people of color . 
  given how black people - as a whole - overwhelmingly vote democratic , given the u.s. 's racist history , is it any surprise that this is happening ? 
  racism did n't disappear in 1964 . 
  it just changed in how it was expressed . 
  apparently . 
  i do n't understand the specifics of it , but the effects are clear . 
  the courts have also determined that 's the case , too . 
  i feel comfortable in saying that even though i do n't fully understand the mechanisms at work here . 
  because it 's a change in how the system works in a way that adversely affects black people and other people of color when voter fraud is n't even a problem in the first place . 
  like i said , the courts have ruled . 
  they understand the laws better than you and i. 
  plus , the effects are overall clear : black voters are discriminated against while voter fraud - which is incredibly rare , only happening 31 times out of a billion - is n't even a problem . 
  what fox news says is irrelevant . 
  if they had any journalistic integrity then they would n't be popular with conservatives . 
  why are you so invested in defended voter id laws ? 
  edit : also , texan latinos vote for the republican party in texas more often than they do in the u.s. as a whole , with something like 40 % of the latino vote going to republicans . 
  funny you should post this , i just edited my comment . 
  [ here 's one example from texas . 
  ] ( https://www.nytimes.com/2017/04/10/us/federal-judge-strikes-down-texas-voter-id-law.html ) a similar case was put before the supreme court , and it was not taken - meaning not even four of the justices thought it was worth taking because they agreed with the lower court . 
  edit : here 's a relevant quote from the article :  the ruling marked the third time this year that a federal court found , in separate cases , that texas or one of its municipalities intentionally discriminated against minority voters . 
  further edit : i 'm not 100 % clear on how the process works . 
  from what i understand , the republican lawmakers basically looked at demographic information , determined the best way to target minority voters , and went ahead and wrote it into law . 
  it 's a part of an insidious trend in american racism to entrench legal barriers that seem innocuous . 
  they ca n't be openly discriminatory , so they find other ways that are really wonky , obscure , hard to see , or otherwise difficult to understand because they 're so technical . 
  but the effect is always the same : more repression of black people . 
  considering the courts have said so , yes . 
  edit : [ here 's one example from texas . 
  ] ( https://www.nytimes.com/2017/04/10/us/federal-judge-strikes-down-texas-voter-id-law.html ) a similar case was put before the supreme court , and it was not taken - meaning not even four of the justices thought it was worth taking . 
  i do n't take anything fox puts out without a massive grain of salt . 
  they 're basically state media . 
  more how they actively purge legitimate voters from the voting rolls ... that just happen to be mostly people of color who vote overwhelmingly dem . 
  for example , over 200,000 voters were purged from the rolls in wisconsin , a state trump won by 1/10 of that , if that . . 
  they 're also trying to make voter registration and voting harder . 
  so far , many voter id laws have been struck down as being explicitly racist . 
  i honestly think he 's doing it because merkel 's a woman who 's stronger and smarter than he is . 
  that , and putin has his hand up trump 's ass because trump 's a puppet . 
  all we need to do is look at the clinton-trump debate . 
  clinton called him a russian puppet because he is , he knows it , and what does he say `` no puppet . 
  you 're the puppet . '', 
  and we all know that trump just accuses his opponents of what he 's guilty of . 
  the population that elected trump is largely dying off , and younger americans are defecting from the republican party to the tune of something like 23 % of young republicans leaving since trump was elected . 
  there were also other issues like voter suppression from republicans because they hate black people voting . 
  please , tell me more about my presidential candidate who i literally went to go see speak . 
  tell me more because apparently i did n't read or follow the news or anything . 
  fuck off with your `` they 're the same '' bullshit . 
  2018 's only congress , so it 's not tied to the president . 
  they did it in 2006 without a specific `` leader , '' too , as far as i can tell . 
  2020 's when the dems will need a real leader . 
  yeah , if you did n't pay fucking attention . 
  2018 is the only real hope . 
  trump 's obviously guilty of violating the constitution , so my real hope is after the 2018 election some republicans in the senate wise up . 
  oh shut the fuck up . 
  someone can vote for her because she 's a woman and because she knows what she 's doing . 
  they 're not mutually exclusive . 
  you 're just making shit-ass excuses to justify your shit-ass opinion . 
  if the polls are right , and the dems are running at a +13 advantage against republicans nationally , then i imagine we will . 
  3 million more voted for hrc . 
  quite frankly , i think trump 's reflective of a senile , dying generation who 's still numerous but quickly losing power . 
  trump 's also made just about everyone i know who 's young permanently pissed at him . 
  as an american , it 's one of the most tragic , necessary but historically unnecessary things to happen in a long time . 
  tragic and unnecessary because it could have been avoided , because trump was not necessary , because this all could have been avoided . 
  necessary because american politics has changed , and i ca n't blame germany/the e.u. 
  going its own way . 
  i just hope the relationship can be repaired after we end this national nightmare . 
  okay putinbot . 
  if you ca n't contextualize the differences between 2009 and 2017 then there 's just nothing to talk about . 
  obama was . 
  and he was a pretty great president . 
  but quite frankly , you 're also just someone who obviously does n't understand or is willfully misinterpreting u.s. politics . 
  sure , dislike feinstein , pelosi , and schumer if you want . 
  i do n't really care . 
  that has nothing to do with how horrible trump is because any of the three , agree with their policies or not , would be an infinitely more competent leader . 
  there are other republicans who would be competent too , even if i think they 'd be god-awful for the country . 
  this is n't partisan . 
  trump is just incompetent . 
  sure , there 's the rest of the republican party . 
  but trump 's literally incompetent . 
  he also blew up the u.s.-german relationship last week , so i 'm really ready for him to not be president . 
  he 's also gon na leave the paris accords , and considering i 'm not that fond of the ocean consuming the entire east coast , i 'm pretty pissed . 
  yeah , if you want a fucking war and mass poverty . 
  well if he was n't doing dumb , bad shit 93 % of the time then his coverage would n't be so negative . 
  a president can be impeached for anything . 
  it 's a political question . 
  it 's up to the senate to decide if the president 's actually guilty of anything ... and really , that just means it 's a political question , too . 
  but no president has been impeached and removed , though the votes were there for nixon , which caused him to resign . 
  because otherwise we 'd be saying zek republic . 
   well i neither did that nor did my ancestor partake in it . 
  why should i apologize ? 
  i 'm not saying you are . 
  apologist and an apology are n't the same thing .
