  i guess sicily it is . 
  who the hell can dislike a burek ?!? 
  barbarians , that 's what they are . 
  this actually made me laugh out loud , thank you !, 
  especially as i had to explain to a brit recently about how great the eu is because , among other things , it has made us not slaughter ourselves anymore ( so no need for `` storming beaches '' whatsoever ) . 
  am romanian , this is one of the main reasons why i do n't bother renting a car while traveling in the western countries . 
  recently , a friend of mine was asked to leave a 1,500 euros safety deposit when renting a car close to milano , fuck that . 
  if i really want to visit more places apart from where the plane can take me i buy train tickets or go with my own car ( the latter is what i did last year , and was wonderful seeing that many countries while driving you 'd own car and not having to worry about safety deposits and scratches that could see that many go away in a second ), 
  the gothic alphabet was [ invented in a town from present-day northern bulgaria ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ulfilas#biography ) called [ nicopolis ad istrum ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/nicopolis_ad_istrum ) ( it 's a 3-hour drive from where i live ) . 
  romania 's most exciting archaeological discovery ever was the work of [ ostrogoths ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ostrogoths ) , i 'm talking about the [ pietroasele treasure ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/pietroasele_treasure ) ( which is approximately a 2-hour drive from where i live ) . 
  the 1st millennium was really interesting . 
   and the fact you ca n't leave a party until the next day . 
  am romanian , two weeks ago i attended a christening party in my childhood town which started at 6pm . 
  i said to myself : `` it 's only a christening , not a wedding , it ca n't last more than 11pm , let 's say midnight '' . 
  it lasted until 5am in the morning , they were serving cake at 4am . 
  you 've ruined almost all my mojo this evening with all the direct swearing pointed at me , and i really did want to stop this conversation a couple of replies ago , but now , with all my stupidity , i 'll add just one more stupid answer to your replies . 
  first of all , you seem like a reasonably well-informed guy and you also seem to know a thing or two about military-related stuff . 
  taking this into consideration , i assume that you 've read your clausewitz , and his thoughts on the intrinsic , almost symbiotic , relationship between war and politics . 
  that 's why i 'm really surprised when you 're saying that it 's ok to win all the military battles , and damn with politics !, 
  ( i 'm paraphrasing you , but that 's what one of your main thoughts , if i 'm not mistaken ) . 
  last i 've checked we 're on / r/europe , not on / r/militaryporn , and last i 've checked the estonians , and the eastern europeans generally speaking ( that includes me , am eastern european ) wo n't give a f.cking damn if europe will somehow manage to win all the hypothetical battles against the russians if at the end of it all we end up back under russian influence , the same as half of the iraqis ended up under isis direct rule not long after the americans had won all of their military battles . 
  you 're acting and thinking like a child if you continue believing that military action and politics are n't intrinsically related . 
  second of all , i had made up a reply in my head with the most recent fuck-ups of the english and french intelligence and military mishaps from the last 20 years ( i hope that 's recent enough for you ) , but i 'm trying to regain that lost mojo and i wo n't go into that much detail about what i really think about said western defense apparatus . 
  first of all , about the french and their wonderful strategy which presumably they learned about at st-cyr . 
  do you want me to tell you about a very close friend of mine who was a very close friend with a french intelligence officer who had been stationed in rwanda in 1994 ? 
  about how said friend told me about how said french officer had told her about the time he was stationed there , about how he was drinking some wine and having a jolly good time at the house of a rwandan couple one evening ( said couple being close friends with him ) and about how he ( the french intelligence officer ) knew that said rwandan couple was about to be killed by fellow rwandans the following day ? 
  about how he did nothing ? 
  about how the french military officials did nothing to stop that genocide , even though they knew about what was going to happen ? 
  i learned this story around 2007-2008 , one or two years later ( that 's 2009-2010 ) i was reading an one-and-a-half column article in the economist about how the rwandan government was thinking about suing the french government about the exact same thing i talked about : that they , the french , had known about the genocide and about how they did nothing . 
  do you happen to know that the french government and its military totally denied having known anything about what was going happen ? 
  about how that region ( central and western africa ) has now been strategically lost by both the french and the british and is controlled by the chinese ? 
  i also wanted to write something about the brits and their disastrous adventure in libya , where they toppled gaddafi ( hand-in-hand with the french ) , which caused half of the immigration wave that managed to bring marine le pen to the second round of the french presidential elections , but , like i said , you seem like a reasonably well informed guy and i presume you know very well how much both the french and the british strategically fucked up in libya . 
  the bombs they dropped looked nice and flashy on yt , though , if that 's what you 're interested in . 
   that was 60 years ago , not particularly relevant today . 
  and who exactly said that ? 
  besides , that was an overwhelming military victory for the uk and france , who lost only a few soldiers compared to the hundreds or even thousands that egypt lost . 
  it `` did n't end up well '' for france or the uk because of national and international political pressure to withdraw ; not because of any lack of military capability . 
  well , i generally think that military victories are not enough , and that at the end of day all it really matters it 's the reality on the field , after all is said and done . 
  the reality on the field in egypt was that the french and british ultimately did not achieve their targets , quite the contrary ( too lazy to search on wiki , but i think the british pm also quit his job after this failure ) . 
  afaik the us has a 100 % record when it comes to military wins in iraq , but now , after almost everything has been said and done , we can all conclude that the whole iraq war it was a huge f.cking failure for them : more than half of iraq was not until that much ago controlled by a medieval religious sect who was beheading people live on internet , and now they 're politically and strategically in the same bed as iran , one of the us 's biggest enemies . 
   well duh ? 
  they have a much larger army . 
  the uk had 50,000 in iraq . 
  that represents almost a third of their entire military . 
  that 's a full commitment , and having such a significant chunk of ones military involved in a conflict ensures an experience gain that follows on through the entire armed services branches . 
  from very far away it did seem like the british were not that committed . 
  i agree , in afghanistan they had to take care of parts of helmand , if i 'm not mistaken , i 'm sure that was tough , but in iraq they were mostly in control of the southern shia part of things , whic was way calmer compared to the sunni parts . 
  i see in the wiki that they were also partially involved in the battles for fallujah and probably the other sunni towns and cities where shit was really bad around 2005-2007 , but , like i said , the numbers were not that big and i do n't know if that experience would pass on to the rest of the british army forces ( wiki says that the second battle of fallujah saw like 1,000 british soldiers involved ) . 
   the french have also been involved in operations in afghanistan and in fact deployed forces to the parts of afghanistan with the most fighting at the time . 
  france actually has one of the most internationally deployed militaries in the world . 
  it continuously has forces deployed across much of africa . 
  in addition to mali and afghanistan , it has also recently conducted military operations in the central african republic , chad , ivory coast , djibouti , and libya . 
  all within the last decade , and all of which builds valuable experience . 
  i know they 're stretched all over their former colonies in africa , but i sincerely do n't think that the numbers are that big . 
  in mali i think they did n't send more than 5,000 soldiers , and the most advanced battalions did n't have more than 1,000 people , combined . 
  also , the british and the french had to resort to the us to help them with air-refueling their planes while they were bombing lybia , that was a very ridiculous moment . 
   europe has similarly prestigious and capable academies ( like saint-cyr ) , if less known simply because they do n't show up in every military-themed hollywood movie . 
  the french military doctrine will always be doomed for me by the higher-ups having ignored what guys like de gaulle were saying in the late - '30s , that 's what caused the june 1940 national disaster . 
  their involvement in algeria in the late '50s - early '60s was also a strategical disaster . 
  at least they were smart enough to get out of indochina sooner than the americans . 
  i know west point is idealized by hollywood , i was using it more like an example , what i was trying to say it 's that at least the american military tries to have intellectual discussions from time to time about what 's the best way for them going forward in terms of waging war . 
  we , europeans , seem like we do n't give a damn . 
  i think of guys like [ paul van riper ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/paul_van_riper ) or [ john boyd ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/john_boyd_%28military_strategist%29 ) , and there were a lot of voices from inside the pentagon who were the voice of reason in the last 10-15 years , unlike most of the elected politicians . 
  damn , that 's nice !, 
  i really should re-visit thessaloniki , the sooner the better . 
   the intensity and quality of the training that the forces of these countries is far beyond what turkish forces engage in . 
  any source for that ? 
  they were saying the same thing before the suez crisis , that did n't turn up well neither for france nor for the uk . 
  recently the french have only been involved in mali , afaik , and the british have indeed been more involved in afghanistan and iraq , but the ratio of us vs british soldiers was almost always an order of magnitude higher for the us side ( i would say that the british looked like an expeditionary force compared to the us , but you 'd also call me `` ridiculous '' because of that . 
  but that 's how things look , in retrospect ) . 
  europe is still too dependent army-wise on the us , i 'm not sure we even have a military school which would positively compare to west point or to the former soviet [ frunze military academy ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/military_academies_in_russia#m.v._frunze_military_academy ) . 
  yeah , by `` soldiers '' i was also implying their commanders . 
  it 's bummer , though . 
  i see that some people are quick to denounce the turkish army as being incompetent by default , but before their intervention in syria they were seen as quite a force in itself . 
  if i 'm not mistaken they are in the top-4 ( or is it top-2 ? ), 
  nato countries in terms of the size of their army , and we 're not talking about an malnourished army like the north-korean one , but about a nato country 's army which supposedly should hold the sourhern flank in case of an all-out land war against russia . 
  on top of that they are also one of the few nato armies which have been constantly involved in land conflicts for the last 30 years or so ( the civil war against the kurds and the past incursions into iraq ) . 
  presumably they should have learned stuff from all that , apparently they did n't . 
  in comparison the british and the french armies ( to say nothing of the germans ) have only experienced conflicts lately as allies of the us , and in so doing i do n't really know if the british or french commanders really got to learn something for themselves , apart from what orders came from their us allies . 
  the russians had the same issue until not that long ago . 
  they got their ass kicked militarily in the latest chechen war , plus the incursion into georgia did n't go in the smoothest of ways ( am on mobile , too lazy to search for links ) . 
  they noticed all that and afaik putin started a re-organization and a modernization of the russian army , including its tactics . 
  what i 'm trying to say it 's that we should keep a closer , more critucsl eye on our army forces , unless we end up like the french did on june 1940 . 
  sure , these tanks look damn nice , but do we really know how the ipothetical next conflict will look ? 
   and furthermore , even if you have the best tanks in the world , it does n't mean shit if you do n't know how to properly utilize a tank . 
  the biggest reason turkey has lost all those tanks is because of shitty tactics . 
  they did n't properly support their tank forces , and seem either incapable or unwilling to engage in proper combined arms tactics . 
  if you 're not going to learn from history , then it 's not going to be a surprise if you lose . 
  i 'd say that those `` shitty tactics '' are part of the war itself . 
  it 's like the it industry , where the end-user is very often blamed for being `` stupid '' and not understanding the quirky uis . 
  so , if you 're an it guy who cares about his work and you want to design a ui you have to think about your `` stupid '' users ( there 's even a related principle called [ kiss ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/kiss_principle ) ) . 
  the same goes for when you design and pay huge sums of money on military gear , you have to think about your soldiers sometimes applying `` shitty tactics '' because that 's the best that they can do ( you also have to make constant pre-battle assessments of the strategic and tactical capabilities of your soldiers ) . 
  and i did n't say anything about how badly the saudis and their us tanks fared in yemen ( because i have n't followed that conflict that close ) . 
   not sure what you mean but destroying material so it wo n't fall in enemy hands is a pretty common thing to happen . 
  i mean exactly this , that at the end of the day that tank got destroyed . 
  it did n't finally matter if the turkish af was the one that finally destroyed it or if it was isis 's initial tow hit that did the job , the end result it 's what mattered . 
  presumably the turkish af would n't destroy its own tanks if they had been functioning perfectly well . 
  like i said , you only need to make said tanks non-operational in order to add +1 to the list of tanks you 've taken out of the battle . 
  in this case the enemy ( the turkish af ) was `` nice '' enough to do the destruction part itself . 
  war is almost always about tangible results .
