   4 ) establish refugee camps defended by nato in the areas closer to the conflict areas . 
  this prevents desperate people from trying to cross the border . 
  why would nato get involved in all this ? 
   5 ) break up the cultural ghettos within france by dispersing muslims throughout the country more evenly . 
  have you ever been to france ? 
  in fact , i agree , it 's a very good idea , first of all i suggest that muslims should be settled in the 16th arrondissement , that way maybe that country would be less socially divided . 
  and they should also get accepted into [ ena ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/%c3%89cole_nationale_d'administration ) and start being called * enarques * . 
   6 ) begin deporting unemployed non-eu citizen , immigrants , or at least stop extending welfare benefits . 
  i should have started reading with this and then i would n't have bothered to comment . 
  enough is to say that i think your opinion is very , very wrong . 
  you can not deport back to mexico 11 million people the same way as you can not build a working wall in the middle of the desert . 
  it 's not about bragging , it 's more about the fact that fast internet becomes a way of life , it 's ingrained in our day-to-day usage , and you do n't realize that until it 's no longer there . 
  it 's the same with drinking tap water . 
  here in romania i 've personally decided not to drink tap water around 10 or so years ago , because the pipes are dirty and you do n't know what what the water contains , so i have to buy bottled water for day-to-day use . 
  but when i recently visited switzerland i noticed that their tap water was n't tasting strange and that it did n't have that reddish color when turning the tap on after coming back in the hotel room at the end of day , i felt that was really , really cool . 
  now , imagine a swiss guy coming to romania and learning that he ca n't reliable drink water from the tap , it 's the same situation we romanians find ourselves in when realizing that most of europe does n't have decent internet . 
  i had to move out of the small-to-medium romanian town i grew in because there was no way in hell i could make a decent living had i remained in there . 
  i now live in the capital city , 120 km or so away from it . 
  i find this obsession of some european people * to work in front of the house where they grew up * to be a little strange . 
   that our forebears spent thousands of years constructing . 
  my european country is only 150 years old , [ give or take ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/united_principalities ) , i think that 's because i had some lazy and good-for-nothing forebears , i feel excluded . 
  at least i 'm in good company with the germans and the italians . 
  exactly . 
  corbyn should just pack his things and go , and i say this as a guy who has been sympathetic to his other discourses until now . 
  [ `` i 'm ` seven out of 10 ' '' ] ( http://www.bbc.com/news/uk-politics-eu-referendum-36506163 ) ... what does that even mean ? 
  you should be a statesman , first , a leader of your political party , second , and your personal opinions should only come in third place . 
  he failed miserably at the first two things . 
  a bit ot , but just last night as i was waiting for the first vote estimates i was studying some aerial maps and reading about aqueducts in the roman city of [ troesmis , in northern dobrudja ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/troesmis ) . 
  after the romans left it would take another ~ 1600 years for something similar to be built in that part of the world . 
   iberian union confirmed ? 
  referendum needed with cristiano as president . 
   do n't be sad , be happy . 
  i fail to see how that 's anything more than mambo-jambo talk . 
  case in point , a former work-colleague of mine who got married around 2008 and whose husband decided to sell their apartment in bucharest , pack things up and move to just outside london , because why not ? 
  in the meantime said colleague has had two kids while her husband works for an uk company which used to do business in romania , but as they are now not part of the eu anymore maybe they 'll have to resort to redundancies , as the americans call it , or to laying people off , as us normal people call it , so that said husband might be among the first to be laid off . 
  so at the end of the day you have a single-earner family with two kids who have invested the money they had gotten by selling their apartment on trying to make a better life for themselves in the uk and , starting today , being told that 's not possible . 
  how is that going to have a happy end ? 
   most work shit jobs , read the the worst newspapers , and listen to cunts like farage . 
  i do n't understand it either , especially as i 've seen lots of british people take a plane and spend the weekend in my city in order to get wasted on ( comparatively speaking ) cheep booze and maybe make a friend or two among the local lady populace ( not that 's anything wrong with that ) . 
  and i 've heard that cities like prague or riga get a lot more of them compared to us . 
  that 's why i really thought we were all in this together , with only football splitting us apart . 
  man , i was wrong ... 
  yeah , my thoughts were on dublin getting its fair share of the spoils , too . 
  i think it will suck even more from now on to have to rent real estate in dublin , it will do wonders for the local real estate developers , though . 
  i agree with you on most of your points , in fact i always remind my friends that while i was in istanbul i went to a public bath-house that had been built in the 1500s ( if i 'm not mistaken ) , while on the other side of the continent the french nobles at the king 's court in versailles were shitting in the bushes ( maybe that 's why those bushes were so green ) and were not taking baths for years at a time . 
  to this day i deplore the fact that the last turkish bath in bucharest was demolished around the 1840s , while the hungarians still got to keep them . 
  i was also pro-turkey joining the eu , as after visiting some parts of this continent i had found that istanbul and london were the most dynamic places i 've seen and i thought that europe needed that dynamism ( it still needs it ) , ** but ** the last couple of years of seeing erdogan turning into a lunatic while putting his country 's future at stake ( the implicit support of isis until not that long ago , all the islam-related things that have made their way into schools , the hundreds of convicted journalists ) have convinced me otherwise . 
   i would imagine that scotland would try to take advantage of the financial sectors uncertainty ( ... ) however i doubt that any financial companies would look to take such a risk . 
  it potentially could happen . 
  historically speaking the scots were the bankers of the english empire , but i 've think they 've lost that ability in the last 100-or-so-years . 
  and while we 're at the stage of making crazy football reunification suggestions , what about croatia + serbia + b&h and the rest of the former yugoslav republics forming a re-united team just for one world cup , let 's say ? 
  if it had n't been for argentina 's maradona they could have reached the final in 1990 , at least , and i guess they could do it again , if reunited , if only temporarily . 
  to have oblak , srna , rakitic , modric , mandzukici , pjanic , jovetici , lulic , dzeko , zukanovici , ivanovici , kolarov , mitrovici , savic all in one team would be amazing . 
  yeah , sometime peoples focus too much on the `` politics '' from `` geopolitics '' and forget about geography , which is even more important in the long run ( because in the long run all the politicians and dictators are dead , but geography remains the same ) . 
   they like the freedom of traveling through europe without the redtape . 
  honestly , what 's there not to like ? 
   basically you issue work visas and tell people they 'll get double or triple their salary if they come ? 
  that 's what happens up to a point with h-1b visas in the states . 
  from the employees ' point of view it 's slavery pure and simple , and it 's a great way of turning away many talented people who do n't want to depend on their employers for their right to be residents of a certain country . 
   but i know one thing . 
  when nigel and dave are at work in the factory alongside iqbal , mohammed , yaya and taribo they 're gon na be begging for pawel , jose and mario back . 
  especially as there are greater chances for pawel , jose and mario to go back to their countries at some point , i mean , compared to people like iqbal , mohammed , yaya and taribo who would presumably have to go back to countries where there 's a war going on or where men are beaten on the streets if they 're seen drinking a beer . 
  a couple of weeks ago my mom told me about a family friend of my age ( mid-30s ) who had been living in england for about 10 years , and who decided to come back to romania because things were not progressing in the right direction for him , economically speaking . 
  so , at the end of day the pro-brexit english might end up with more immigrants on their heads . 
  they can survive all right , did n't say that they would n't . 
  just that in the history of mankind economic and political isolationism have never had good results in the medium to long term . 
  but hey , maybe this time is different . 
   just to remind you , the united kingdom is compromised of 4 sovereign nations so its not just england . 
  i know this , also , just wondering for how long . 
  as far as i know were uk to exit the ue scotland and probably northern ireland might just decided to break out of the uk . 
  that would only leave england and wales . 
  i would n't want to be in cameron 's shoes right now , he might be the one responsible for breaking a state entity which has lasted for at least 300 years in its current form . 
  this reminds me of how the english did not want to take place in the fifa world cup before ww2 , because they thought they were too good for the rest of the world 's teams . 
  come the 1950s they get defeated in the brazil world cup by the mighty united states of america and then [ get humiliated at home by hungary ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/match_of_the_century_%281953_england_v_hungary_football_match%29 ) . 
  the football world had moved on just fine without english participation and had a hell of an advantage . 
  i think if they really do get out of the eu we might see them wanting to get back again in 15-20 years ' time , tail between their legs . 
  fine , then you should just leave it all . 
   what people understand is there there are too many darn immigrants stealing muh nhs which is funny because without foreign-born nurses and doctors the nhs would be a lot more expensive to maintain . 
  i 'd say they could also use the [ gothic alphabet ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ulfilas ) , after all it was invented in present-day bulgaria , just a half-hour drive from veliko tarnovo . 
  damn , i had always thought that [ bamse ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/bamse ) was norwegian , my childhood has been irremediably changed . 
  that means that bamse and nils holgersson both speak the same language , how could i not catch it when i was a kid ?!? 
  also , that second picture you posted needs more zlatan . 
  a friend of a friend decided not to go watch the euros in france this year because his group of friends fears terror attacks . 
  what 's crazy is that these guys had already gotten the tickets ( before the last attacks happened ) , but in the end they decided `` not to risk anything '' . 
  and kursk . 
  from the [ wiki ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/battle_of_kursk ) page :  strength - urss - soviet counteroffensive phase : 2,500,000 men , 7,360 tanks  casualties and losses - germany - battle of kursk - approximately 198,000 mia , kia , & wia  casualties and losses - urss - battle of kursk - 254,470 killed , missing or captured , 608,833 wounded or sick , total 863,000 men, 
  glad that happened , i was just about to comment that taxing internet is one of the stupidest things to do if you really care about your country 's future . 
  forget 5g , we should strive for having decent internet all over the continent . 
  i visited rome last november ( beautiful , beautiful city ) and i was appalled by how slow the internet was working ( or should i say was not working ) . 
  it took at least a couple of minutes for my phone to load a gmaps screen whenever i was connecting to a wifi place in rome , and i tried several ( my hotel 's and a couple of pizzerrias ' ) . 
  that operation is almost instantaneous whenever i do it in my home country . 
  also , i have a work colleague who tele-commutes from frankfurt , the financial capital of europe , and she tells me the internet is close to awful down there compared to what she used to have here , in bucharest . 
   austrians have to do this too . 
  i do n't really get it i guess they never forgave you for 1683 . 
  and for stealing the idea of the coffee house from them and making it your own . 
   is then a discussion about the way the austrio-hungarian border is handle and i 'm pretty sure the same security theater will be applied as a result of this law as they did last summer at the austro-hungarian border . 
  that 's why i gave my example , that 's why examples of similar past events are usually provided . 
   might prevent another bataclan a mere 200-300 meters away the border-checks were a lot less stringent ( it 's only that the vast majority of people waiting at the 3-km long line did n't know about that second border point ) . 
  this is the definition of security theater , it does n't save `` another bataclan '' , it does n't do anything . 
  stop with the fear-mongering , we 're not the americans with their stupid as hell tsa checks .
