  as a frenchman living in switzerland , i can ensure you that swiss cheese is just a sub-component of the diversity of french cheese . 
  tarte tatin  apple pie, 
   there are two things for which we are universally considered good : food and fashion . 
  the same two things for which we are universally considered the best . 
   also the french and swiss know their cheese . 
  how can you put switzerland and france in the same cheese league ? 
  french sandwitch ( baguette + jambon-beurre or rosette de lyon ) and boulangerie things ( friand , quiche ... ) are also a big thing . 
  after hitler , yes probably . 
  the pro-russia thing is exagerated . 
  he just want to cool down the relationship , he did n't say that putin is a great guy or something like that ( \u00e0 la trump ) . 
   seems to be some kind of le pen male version politically not at all , he 's more a thatcher male version . 
  he 's extremely liberal economically while lepen is extremely anti-liberal . 
  not really according to these definitions : http://www.urbandictionary.com/define.php?term=the%20clap a `` bifle '' is a slap of the dick on the face . 
   polls have lost their image as sources of credible information , so as an outsider i do n't see why it could n't end up being sarkozix le gaulois and le pen , with the latter winning . 
  why use the word `` impossible '' ? 
  because it 's impossible . 
  even with sarkozy . 
  trump was a different story because it 's a 1-turn vote and he was the candadidate of one of the 2 biggest ( to not say only ) parties of the us . 
  marine lepen will never be the candidate of the right , so she will have to face all the left-wing + the moderate right to win . 
  she absolutely can not win , it would be really really a huge surprise ( much more than brexit and trump combined ) . 
  i understand that the world is excited and nearly addicted to `` big surprises '' . 
  it becomes really ridiculous , she nearly already won for the anglophone press , but open your ears and stop to believe this shit , the french system and political landscape is not the same . 
  bifle, 
  it was `` unlikely '' , whereas le pen victory is just fucking `` impossible '' . 
  reddit and anglophone media look very excited by the idea , but the polls are clear : right now , it 's way more than unlikely . 
  france is exactly in the same position than uk for leaving the eu . 
  i do n't get why the world seems to believe that uk is way better than france economically , it 's not true , the two countries are on par . 
  also , she will not win , stop to believe the brit and us media . 
  trump and brexit should be enough to understand that they just say what they would like , and they really want to believe that france will follow them . 
  all the left , center and moderate right would vote sarko . 
  the only complicate situation would be hollande or melenchon vs lepen . 
  rendez-vous is a french idiom copy-paste from french to english . 
  it is actually rather smart to use a french expression that everybody knows ( because of its use by anglophone ) . 
  good guy barnier . 
  0 chance . 
  you will hear a lot of politicians saying that it 's possible to attract the attention and make believe that they 're the only alternative to save france from extremism . 
  a lot of media that will say that 's possible to sell journals . 
  do n't believe it , there is no scenario where she can win in our system . 
  france is the number one touristic destination for a good reason , you should be inspired and try to have a distinct culture and not a generic bullshit marketing sentence . 
  cop 21 + french diplomacy, 
  i abandon , you 're too stupid or pretend to be stupid . 
   the uk was absolutely involved in wwii the entire time . 
  for fuck sake , i known and that 's the fucking point . 
  while being involved in wwii the entire time ( vs less than 1 year for france ) , uk had less casualties than france . 
  it 's the perfect demonstration that france is more sensitive to conflict issues in europe ( and it 's fucking obvious , insularity disconecting the uk from the conflicts of the others ) . 
   it is due to the uk that france was even able to be liberated in the first place short of hoping it turned into a soviet republic by being occupied by the ussr eventually . 
  irrelevant to the discussion . 
   the uk also spends more on their military per gdp than france does currently . 
  and uk is not a independent nuclear power ( they rely on the usa ) and is behind france from a global military point of view : http://www.globalfirepower.com/countries-listing.asp . 
  yeah , that 's the point . 
  france has been occupied 4 years while the uk was free . 
  even with less than 1 year of war , france had more casualties than uk ( 600 000 vs 450 900 death ) . 
  if you ca n't see the insular advantage , there is nothing i can do for you . 
  the invasion of france was due to the defeat of both the uk and france . 
  france paid it cash , uk stayed largely unaffected by this massive rout . 
  it 's more than clear that there are reasons for the lack of concern of brits for continental europe . 
  no , something ike 40 % , including bruxelles . 
  you 're an island . 
  you were clearly not there all the time during ww1 and ww2 . 
  i did n't say that you did n't give a shit , but you 're clearly less impacted by the shit that 's going on the continent . 
  i would ` nt trust the brits . 
  brexit + trump clearly predict that an uk-usa axis will emerge ( even more strongly than what it was before ) , and their interest could be clearly disconnected from the eu interests . 
  trump does n't give a shit about europe and likes putin , brexit supporters nearly hate the eu . 
  the big difference is that american hegemony is real ( we have this debate in english , want a better proof ? 
  ) , the russian one is just delusional , particularly from the point of view of western europe . 
  i 'm clearly against le pen , but the putin puppet is not a good argument . 
  being a putin puppet or an american puppet ( as sarkozy and hollande were , see assange/snowden scandals ) is pretty much the same thing . 
  mostly , it would like to use the current french and british nuclear capabilities to protect not only these two nations but the whole europe ( european union ? ) . 
  the british ? 
  post-brexit ? 
   if the german government acts on this , would that mean they do n't trust the french , british , and american nuclear deterrence ? 
  trusting the british or american nuclear deterrence is pure madness . 
  eu should just pay france to ensure its nuclear deterrence . 
  just half of belgium . 
  the other half speaks dutch . 
  do what you want , but let us belgium . 
  nice new colony , uk . 
  yeah yeah , because ukraine can count on on the rest of the world to sing in ukrainian . 
  do n't be ridiculous , defending local culture is a way to defend cutural diversity . 
  very good thing . 
  cultural diversity has to be defended . 
  you can consider your language as officially dead . 
  lepen already won ? 
  i understand that anglophone press want to convert the failure of the anglosphere into a failure of the western world , but it will not happen . 
  uk and usa have clear excess of liberalism , but france is actually pretty balanced in this regard . 
  but it 's not in the eu , so not really like scotland and the uk . 
  sounds more like a common wealth member of the danish crown . 
  official weeaboo of the world actually . 
  culturally , francophone and belgium are really exactly the same thing . 
  i would also add francophone switzerland which is also nearly as crazy about mangas than france . 
  if you want an example , dragon ball was broadcast on the biggest frenc channel just 2 years after the japanese broadcast . 
  every single frenchmen that are 25-35 years old know immediately who 's sangoku or what is a kamehameha . 
  i was really shocked during a time 's up game when i realized that all the other players ( american , brits , chinese , italian , dutch ) where completely clueless whe i tried to make them guess dragon ball . 
  also , every single supermarket have a lot of mangas available . 
  i guess that this passion comes from the franco-belgian tradition of bd + the fact that both style complement very well each other ( bd are bigger , more beautiful but with less pages , mangas have more pages but the format is smaller and generally less beautiful/black and white ) . 
  same . 
  american comics are pure trash for me , but i really like mangas and franco-belgian bd . 
  is it really considered as denmark ? 
  there are by example some important differencesbetween the oversea territories of uk ( that are not really uk from a practical and legal point of view ) and oversea territories of france ( that are completely part of the eu with european deputies ) . 
   are you a very late grandkid of the adolf ?
