  i sincerely believe that you will suffer more and that the price we will have to pay for this worth it . 
  this is the opinion of many frenchmen and the eu guy supposed to negociate with you is a frenchman . 
  so prepare to `` childish '' approaches , do n't believe you can fuck up our union without any bad consequences . 
  it will be an economic cold war , and everybody in the eu is ready for that . 
  i think you do n't have any clue how france works regarding minorities ( i hate this word ) . 
  in france , we do n't like the concept of `` multiculuturalism '' precisely because we believe that everybody has the same french culture , regardless of the origins , skin color or religions ( we all tend to not like religions anyway ) . 
  this guy feels 100 % french because he is 100 % french , and i can ensure you that this is something crystal clear to everybody in france . 
  the apartheid and multiculturalism concept are anglo things , the `` colonial mentality '' that you describe does n't exist in france . 
  well , the eu is technically `` non-military '' , but one one of its founder country is one of the most powerful nuclear power of the world . 
  i do n't think that we can claim that `` eu is non-military yay '' . 
  not that much . 
  the eurozone is not affected . 
  so , what are the parties that are likely to join the cdu/csu ( merkel , if i understood correctly ) or to join the spd ( schultz right ? ) . 
  or maybe these two are likely to have an alliance together ? 
  i would appreciate a little interpretation of one of our german bro . 
  does it mean that merkel is leading ? 
  is there 2 rounds ? 
  what are the chances of schultz ? 
  i know , but the principle is the same . 
  he 's not vietnamese dumbass , he 's a frenchman . 
  in france , this speech is considered as super hilarious . 
  i just saw it again in the metro , and it was difficult to refrain my laughs . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/french_overseas_departments_and_territories french overseas departments ( dom ) are legally france , they have exactly the same legal status than metropolitan france for everything . 
  french oversea territories ( tom ) are also legally france , but they can adapt and create some of their laws , except in certains area ( such as defense , international relations , trade and currency , and judicial and administrative law ) . 
  this is very different of the british overseas territories , all the citizens of french overseas territories have an european passports and are 100 % french . 
  no idea , this kind of statistics are stricly forbidden in france . 
  the whole concept of `` minorities `` does n't legally exist , everybody is equally french . 
  you forgot that ~ 50 % of americans do n't vote . 
  your rationale was right ( there are 40 % blacks and latinos , trump could n't win with a 100 % participation ) , but it does n't apply to france because of the rate of participation . 
  biggest mistake of france post-ww2 . 
  sorry guys , it was our role , but we failed . 
  i really hope that the destruction of the eu openly supported by the uk and the usa will not happen . 
  we know our ennemies , we have to stay strong . 
  i hope everybody will now understand why de gaulle insisted to be independent of both the us and the ussr . 
  it was just a matter of time before the treason of the anglophone world , it was so fucking predictable . 
  sadly , it might be too late , decades of atlantist rethoric will be difficult to repair . 
  we also say `` deniers '' ( same than dinero ) . 
   france has interests in mali . 
  europe does not . 
  you missed the point of the eu . 
  interests of france and portugal are the interests of the eu . 
   article fifty was designed to be in the eu 's favor and it is the eu designed articles favourable to the eu . 
  what a scandal . 
  i guess that other european will realize how right-wing they are in the french political spectrum . 
  i predict that most of people will be filling , which is considered very right-wing in france but is actually more left-wing than cameron . 
  best and most pragmatic solution right now . 
  to be honest , we have absolutely no idea of what macron can do . 
  his program does n't exist right now and he 's supported by so many rich guys , he might be more capitalist than fillon . 
  well , it 's not false , i 'm so ashamed of france for snowden . 
  wow . 
  you did n't understand . 
  at all . 
  yes , several times . 
  2 ) she would not leave the eu , she just promised a referendum about the euro . 
  she 's not farage ( not even cameron ) . 
  let us alone . 
  we need an european defence , and your umbrella prevent this will in some countries . 
  france is a nuclear power and has a very capable army that just need more money and people across europe to be a military superpower . 
   i believe that the eu is roughly 4000km north to south , and about 3200km west to east . 
  this is completely wrong , just france is the country with the largest number of timezones in the world , you just made the common mistake to forget the overseas territories ( which are completely france and part of the eu ) . 
  even the longest boarder of france is not with an european country , but with brazil . 
  they do that since a long time , it 's not for boosting their sales , it 's just their dna . 
  the only reason that explains why you talk about that and why their sales are boosted is the ch attack . 
  i do n't always agree with attali , but he 's fucking right right now . 
  let 's make europe great again . 
   the american democratic government predated every modern european democratic government except for arguably poland , and that 's pushing it greatly . 
  you know it 's false . 
  the american democratic government was shaped by the enlightenments ( which is an european thing ) , particularly the french revolutionaries that basically created the independent usa . 
  french revolution did n't happen later because of the us , it 's just that french revolutionaries ( lafayette , by example ) and the enlightenments movement had an easier time to create their ideal in a territory without any power ( keep in mind that the us were nothing at this time , just some land without a lot of value ) instead than in a millenial kingdom with one of the most powerful dynasty of the world ( and inter-connected with the dynasties of the rest of europe , napoleonic wars prove the extent of the mess created ) . 
  kicking the ass of some british royalists was way easier than decapitating the european monarchies in their native lands , but the enlightenments , the democratic concept and even a large part of the american population are of european origin . 
  you forgot may . 
  but yeah , fuck 'em , europe strong !, 
  viewed from france , it 's even more than troubling or ridiculous , it 's nearly frightening . 
  she 's by far more famous in france . 
  her last album is in french and is the top seller of the year in france . 
  + a new album in french that is the top seller in france ( the real reason of her google position in france ) . 
  she first became famous with french songs and she had a new album in french last year . 
   so the uk leaving the eu is bad for the eu because it 's the americans trying to break it up no . 
  the uk leaving the eu is the best thing in the eu history , assuming that eu is n't stupid and will react logically with what is now a competitor , not a partner ( just like the us and the uk will react ) . 
   but us staying in would be bad because it 's the americans holding the eu back yes . 
   if obama wanted to break up the eu , he probably would n't have tried to stop the uk leaving it . 
  obama was just more subtle and wanted to have its best ally inside the union to veto any step forward . 
  that 's what uk does since decades , and it has been pretty efficient to prevent the emergence of a real us competitor . 
   i see , and you think that such a purpose is best served by keeping european economies locked into a union which damages their economic prospects through fear of being punished if they leave ? 
  the fact that eu is detrimental for european countries is your opinion , not the general consensus among economists . 
   ( i 'm assuming that the eu is damaging to its members here because otherwise there 'd be no need to deliberately punish the uk for leaving ) uk is a special case because it has always been the `` special ally '' of the us . 
  the interest of the us is to see the eu project fail , and they will try to help the uk to prove to other countries that they should leave . 
  i think it was true with obama , so imagine now with trump who is crystal clear about that . 
  being a competitor of the us . 
   you guys just need to not vote in le pen . 
  le pen will not be elected this year because a massive majority do n't want to get out of the eu . 
  but if in 5 years we see that our historical rivals have a better economy than we have , frenchmen will vote without a single doubt for someone that want to leave the eu . 
  this is clear and simple . 
  i would love to say `` let 's try to have the best deal that benefit to both the uk and the eu , everyody is nice , uk is our best friend 4life #peace '' , but the reality is that uk has to suffer , hard and fast . 
  they will try to delay the thing indefinitely ( i bet you that they will ask for 2 more years of negociations after the first 2 years ) , waiting the autodestruction of the eu to have their best deal . 
  we ca n't take this risk . 
  uk have to be a third world economy in 5 years , otherwise this is the end of the eu . 
  the vichy government was not the french government , it was a puppet government of nazy germany called the vichy government . 
  what was not clear in you history books ? 
   de gaulle 's constant attempts to keep britain out of the eec and he was fucking right .
