   for over a third of the euro 's life-time it has been a key factor in causing economic difficulties to member states , has been a major hurdle to manage for member countries and has generally not been a useful tool to rebound from external or internal crises . 
  true , and that 's the problem . 
  the eurozone takes all the risks to build something better , and the uk just cherrypick the advantages and take no risk . 
  do n't believe that you will have a large part of the cake if the eu becomes the biggest player in the world . 
  cameron is afraid for the interests of the city , and he 's completely right , london will not be the financial center of the eu forever , be sure that the `` agreement '' he obtained is nothing and that paris and frankfurt wait the brexit to claim their due . 
   the uk will be the biggest eu player ( provided the uk votes to remain of course ) be honest with yourself , even if the uk vote to remain , you will never be a `` real '' eu player . 
  the simple fact that you 're not in the eurozone and want more and more opt-out to stay clearly means that regardless of the referendum results , you already lost influence in eu . 
   wait , the french think they have no power ? 
  that 's a joke . 
  yes . 
  believe it or not , but french tend to think that france lost all his power . 
  i know that it is far from being true . 
  i think this feeling comes from recent events . 
  our president ( f. hollande ) has been elected on a very left-wing speech , particularly against finance and he promised to impose his view to the rest of the eu against germany . 
  he did nothing . 
  on several topics ( migrants , ukrainian crisis ... ) , he seems absent compared to merkel . 
  also in general , the favourite sport of french is french-bashing , so we tend naturally to be very critical against france power and influence . 
   the balance of power is only going to get better for them once germany collapses demographically in a few years while france keeps on growing . 
  i know , it 's just a question of time , france will probably take the leadership of eu , but france is not `` the french '' . 
  there is a global feeling of lack of democracy , not only in eu , but also nationally . 
  people do n't believe anymore that they have power on national decisions , so imagine for european decisions ... 
  hey , i 've never said that i wanted a `` frexit '' , i clearly do n't want . 
  i just said that there is a significant portion of frenchmen that want a brexit for this very reason ( and yes , mostly from the far right , but it 's an opinion more and more common ) . 
  the last declarations of jl m\u00e9lanchon also clearly states that he would leave the eurozone if it becomes a problem for the sovereignty of france , so this opinion becomes more and more `` normal '' . 
  mostly for the same reasons than brits . 
  - people tend to think that germany rule everything ( and are more generally pissed off by the restrictions asked by northern europe ) - migrant crisis / terrorist attack - too much liberalism in the eu ( you have to understand than france is a lot more left-wing than the rest of europe ) people from the right-wing ( front national with marine lepen ) to the left-wing ( front de gauche , m\u00e9lanchon ) are rather hostile to the eu and the euro ( for different reasons ) , and they 're more and more popular also , do n't forget that french vote `` no '' for the eu we have rigth now : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/french_european_constitution_referendum,_2005 since this referendum , our politicians are too afraid to ask again a single thing concerning europe , and i can guarantee you that there is more more hostility against eu than in 2005 . 
  on of the root of the problem is that northern europe is too liberal for france , and in the french/germany couple france tends to defend the southern europe mindset ( france was strongly against a grexit ) while germany push for the northern europe mindset ( this is why they really want the uk to stay ) . 
  i also think than more generally , france and uk do n't accept to be considered as something else than the only leader of the union . 
  i think most of the french do n't care or want the uk to leave . 
  basically , anti-eu people hope that a brexit will lead to a frexit ( which would be basically the end of the eu ) , pro-eu people think that uk prevent the eu project and have to exit for a more federalized union . 
  with the calais crisis + the `` we want a special status in the eu '' , a lot of people are annoyed by brits these days . 
  if you want my opinion , i think that uk have to leave or enter in the eurozone . 
  you guys do n't want to enter in the eurozone , so please , just get out , it will not change a lot of things , the `` in the eu but with of opt-out '' is just a `` out of eu but some partnerships '' . 
  you 're completely right . 
  please leave ... 
   if you are that dishonest that you wo n't acknowledge the difference of meaning between the two i sincerely do n't understand the fundamental difference between the two sentences . 
  `` the world will finally learn '' part ? 
  the whole point of my post was bing pissed off by the worldnews saying that there is no doubt to see le pen elected . 
  so yeah , i said `` the world will finally learn '' , you can interpret it as cocky , and frankly i do n't mind , the important is not how to say it . 
   the point is that you think that beside being proud of defending human rights , france should be recognized as the country of the human rights . 
  but this is the country of the `` d\u00e9claration des droits de l'homme et du citoyen '' . 
  the one and only . 
   so yeah , telling that our own declaration was heavily influenced by another country , which is actually at the source of the current controversy , is pretty damn relevant . 
  another country ? 
  the usa was barely a country and kind of a french creation . 
  we can debate indefinitely on the fact that everything is connected and finished by saying that everything comes from the rome , greece , mesopotamia or what you want , the reality is that the `` d\u00e9claration des droits de l'homme et du citoyen '' is still french in the end , and even more if you cite a war between the british monarchy driven by france as one of the influences . 
   you were n't simply telling that france was supporting human rights and the enlightenment . 
  you were telling that it was the only country doing so , among these recent populist surges . 
  no , i said that it was the country of the human rights and the enlightenments , which is historically true . 
  it 's not a matter of current support or recent populist surges , we 're talking about history . 
   but do not forget that is was also heavily influenced by jefferson and the declaration of independence . 
  yeah , and the us independence was also heavily influenced by france . 
  i do n't get the point , i said that france was the country of the human rights , this is just an historical fact , not nationalism , and influences do n't change it . 
   we will be happy when our democracy works and le pen is once again twarted in the polls . 
  but to be proud the fn should n't have a chance to begin with . 
  the fn has no chance to begin with . 
  it 's just what i wanted to say , and yeah , let me be cocky about that : there are absolutely no chances to see lepen elected as the president of france in 2017 . 
  i 'm tired of this `` france , you 're the next '' , i hear it daily since the election of trump ( irl and on the internet ) , but these guys have absolutely no idea of what they 're talking about . 
  yeah yeah , let 's continue the habit of shaming of our culture and not being proud of the great parts of our history . 
  this is exactly what drives the vote toward lepen . 
  you want to change the mind of people that want to vote fn ? 
  show them that they should change their vote for patriotic reasons in order to be proud of the lesson we would give to the world . 
  or you can continue to tell them that they 're idiots , it worked very well on the other side of the atlantic and the channel sea ... 
  same . 
  she can not win . 
  descartes , montesquieu , voltaire , rousseau , diderot ... 
  even your wikipedia admit it :  the most influential publication of the enlightenment was the encyclop\u00e9die ( encyclopaedia ) . 
  published between 1751 and 1772 in thirty-five volumes , it was compiled by denis diderot , jean le rond d'alembert ( until 1759 ) , and a team of 150 scientists and philosophers and it helped spread the ideas of the enlightenment across europe and beyond . 
  crazy how anglophone press would love it . 
  after brexit and trump , they want to believe that it 's a worldwide movement . 
  france will give them a lesson , even after 3 terrorist attacks , we will not vote for bigots , and the world will finaly learn which country is the country of the enlightments and the human rights . 
   the confrontational setup of the parliament combined with the customs of the parliament makes parliamentary sessions much more a fight of words than in any other european the problem is that i 'm sure that you better understand english compared to any other european languages ( except your native language ) . 
  based on that , there is no objective way to compare the `` fight of words '' . 
  well , in france , l'assembl\u00e9e is also a system with oppositional politics and we never had a tradition for coalitions . 
  actually the whole system of debates in france is based on questions to the governments raised by `` l'opposition '' . 
  i frankly do n't know if the debates are more or less entertaining than the westminster ones ( or any other european country , i can imagine that the italian ones can be also very entertaining ) , but it 's for sure very agressive and engaged . 
  there is a big tradition of debates in france and many other european people believe that there is a serious dispute going on when two french have just a normal debate according to their standards . 
   did i claim to talk about `` all '' continental politicians ? 
  you said it :  british parliamentary sessions are undeniably the most entertaining in the whole of europe the most entertaining in the whole europe imply that you compared the british parliamentary with the rest of `` the whole europe '' . 
  the reality is that you probably just compared the german and the british ones . 
   it is mainly caused by the fact that the uk parliament is relatively unique in the way that it is working and how it is supposed to work . 
  in this regard , no other european parliament is similar . 
  the electoral system in the uk ensures that the elected mps are more likely to have a greater rhetoric talent . 
  was not aware of the differences . 
  can i have more details ? 
  i had . 
  it was overcooked . 
  i like my meat blue , which is clearly not how brit tend to cook it . 
  because the whole point was to prevent a new french-german war ( you know , the origin of the 2 ww ) and compete with the us and russia on the global stage . 
  we had to create a real superstate before opening the door to eastern europe and make you believe that eu is just a club with free trade ( the wet dream of uk and usa ) . 
  their food . 
  it 's so bad , every country can believe they have an amazing gastronomy in comparison . 
   british parliamentary sessions are undeniably the most entertaining in the whole of europe - the rhetoric talent of british parliamentarians tends to be significantly greater than the one of most of their continental counterparts because you follow and can understand the debates of the parliamentarians of all other european countries ? 
   have you actually seen or heard what eastern europe thinks about russia ? 
  opening the eu to eastern europe was also in american interests ( and uk insisted for that , by the way ) . 
  it was a stupid idea . 
  well , sorry , when i said `` western power '' , it was more on a political/military scale ( permanent seat on the security council + nuclear deterrence ) than on an economic scale . 
  i completely agree . 
   which are eu interest ? 
  cooperating with russia .
