  underestimating the perdifious albion is a common mistake of non-french european . 
  no , if we 're weak and the us help them , they can manage to have best of eu and the usa and achieving to destroy the eu . 
  we have to economically destroy them , otherwise , france will give the coup fatal to the eu by leaving it . 
  it will not be for this year , but if the uk is ahead of france economically for the next french presidential election ( 2022 ) , be sure that france will leave the eu . 
  this will be the 5 most important years of the eu , do n't imagine that everything is written and that we just have to wait their demise . 
   we a $ re not out to punish britain he speaks for himself . 
  i really hope that we will punish uk so hard that they will have to become the next state of trumpistan . 
  loyalty , friendship , things like that . 
  but that 's the problem , uk joined the eu while saying clearly that they will always chose the us over europe . 
  it was a big mistake , de gaulle was fucking right . 
  ca n't wrap my mind around why people believed that uk was not the trojan horse of the us to destroy the eu . 
  you might be right , but i think you would be surprised how fast a language can die . 
  we know it very well in france because a lot of regional are completely extinct now , in something like 1-2 generations . 
  my grandfather can perfectly speak occitan but never use it really , my father understand it a little but ca n't speak it , i do n't speak it and ca n't understand a single word . 
  your conversion is nearly compl\u00e8te . 
  might be true , i come from the south , so it 's nearly only spanish here . 
  and globally france has not such a weak economy ( it 's still on par with the uk on basically every aspects ) , by the way , but it 's true that the north of france is in the worst situation . 
  i doubt it . 
  are you considering francophone belgians as french students ? 
  because in france , i do n't know a single person that learn dutch . 
  it 's more 40 % of french and 30 % of latin . 
  the most common words are german but the raw percent is actually quite low . 
  i understand your concern , brits , english is such a big disadvantage :( . 
  as your closest friend and neighbor , france agrees to take some of your disadvantage by using french as the lingua franca in europe . 
  friends exist for a thing . 
  we 're talking about normal countries with a lived language . 
  everybody knows that dutch is more or less dead , let 's call it a zombie language . 
  it 's depressing but yeah , our political landscape becomes more and more similar to the american one . 
  nevertheless , nothing is done , this election is extremely open . 
  i would say that only marine lepen is sure to not win ( even if she 's nearly sure to be qualified for the final ) and i can imagine various scenarios where all the other major candidates ( macron , fillon , m\u00e9lanchon and the winner of the socialist primaries ) have a chance . 
  he 's very right-wing economically for french standards , but less than fillon ( who 's very right-wing economically even for european standards ) . 
  by example , as a minister , he tried to legalize sunday work and other measures to facilitate layoffs that neither sarkozy or chirac would have dared . 
  also , keep in mind that e do n't really know his opinion about everything . 
  he 's very new and tends to be vague . 
  ecnomically : very right-wing and pro-liberal . 
  socially : kind of left-wing . 
  international views : pro-eu , atlantist . 
  there is not a lot of new things to expect of him , he 's just young , handsome and a very good communicator to make believe that he 's different even if it 's not really the case . 
  i would compare him to trudeau or obama , i.e. 
  essentially the same views than former governments but with a refreshing style + inspiring positive attitude . 
  economically , le pen is very left-wing ( this is the main difference between the daughter and the father ) . 
   you only have that because the british , americans and canadians liberated you . 
  frances still existed between 1940 and 1945 you know , and nazi germany was condemned to lose anyway . 
  today you learned : https://www.reddit.com/r/todayilearned/comments/13cxs4/til_that_the_french_military_actually_has_the/ france is the biggest territory of western europe , the geographic zone historically the most dense in terms of different world powers ( neighbour of germany , italy , spain , uk ... who has so many historically powerful neighbours in the world ? ) . 
  obviously , gaining and maintaining this territory required many military victories . 
  numbers are clear . 
  comparing a little island that you like to a country that is the military leader and the only nuclear power of the biggest economic zone of the world is a non-sense . 
  without france , the eu is nothing military . 
  without the eu , nato is just a uk-usa club . 
  consequently , it 's easy to understand that the us can not ignore the eu . 
  i just repeated the content of the article , what 's not clear ? 
   and i think that 's basically what the us wants , they do n't need our help to stomp other countries , but they do like to stand in front of a whole lot of other nations in the un and be able to claim it 's the right thing to do and we have international support . 
  well , france will not do that . 
  france can be a partner , not a lapdog . 
  read the article . 
  are you serious ? 
  well now that uk is out of the eu , you will have to talk to france or stay a two-country alliance . 
  well , history is more informative to know the culture of fighting of the inhabitant of a country . 
  your stereotype about frenchmen in the 20th century is based on what ? 
  a decision of some statemen that had to chose between seeing paris destroyed by german tanks or abdicate . 
  what 's the link with the bravery of french soldier ? 
  what 's the link with their fighting spirit , their `` esprit de corps '' ( a term used in the english language and directly borrowed from french for a reason ) ? 
  the french , the inhabitants of the most successful country military-wise in history ? 
   the french also think americans are , well , kind of wimpy . 
  one of the traits that stands out about french troops is `` a particular culture that , among other things , makes a virtue of roughing it and empowers risk taking , '' the report argues . 
  this . 
  i 'm a little bit surprised by the french one . 
  i would n't think that france is characterized by more logic compared to other countries . 
  is it a known sterotype across europe ? 
   swiss system is super regulated for all `` basic '' stuff . 
  what exactly in swiss health insurance is `` try to fuck you '' ? 
  so many different contracts by so many different corporations ... 
  i believed that choosing a mobile contract was a nightmare , but that was because i 've never had to chose a swiss heath insurance . 
  and the worst ? 
  it changes every year . 
  every year , i 've got the feeling that different companies have the least expensive contract . 
  it 's also extremely complicated to have automatic transfer for the payment and i had regularly to pay huge penalties for payment delays . 
  i 've got the feeling to constantly manage ( payments , penalties , chosiing a contract , checking every year if this is still the best deal ... ) this `` obligatory service '' than i never use . 
   this says that the greece system is better than the swiss system . 
  sorry , but i ca n't take that serious ... 
  i mean , yeah , the swiss system is expensive but it 's also a rich country , so you are better of with that . 
  i can ensure you that swiss tend to completely overestimate their standards ( on many aspects ) compared to other european countries . 
  i had some crazy discussions where swiss explain how happy they are with things that would trigger massive strikes in france . 
  i do n't know if it 's cultural , but the simple fact that you can actually believe that this ranking is not more serious says everything . 
  you simply ca n't compare with france where nearly everything is completely free for the hobo or the millionaire . 
  you can critisize the system as not sustainable or something else like that , but you ca n't deny that the system is just actually better for the people . 
   the idea of health insurance is to help people that have serious health issues and not for people that constantly go see the doctor for every nonsense . 
  this is not the mindset in france where we encourage to go regularly for a general check-up ( dentist by example ) . 
  also , i have to treat some dental caries , what should i do ? 
  paying up to 2500 chf ( my contract does n't refund anything below that ) or taking a more expensive contract ( which will be probably more expensive than the 2500 chf in the long-term , particularly when you know that dental caries is an affair of 2-3 sessions ) ? 
  or maybe changing my contract depending on the year if i 've got more or less not-so-urgent-but-important thing to do for my health ? 
  but what if i 've got something int he middle of the year ? 
  should i wait up to 9 months to have my dental caries treated with the appropriate contract after having to deal with bureaucratic stuff and miselading comparisons between all thse privatee companies that advertise their contract as the best one for me ? 
  you see the idea . 
  when you grew up in an environment where `` health = too important for budget calculation '' , the swiss system is brutal ( and extremely not egalitarian ) . 
  good for you if you 're happy with that and if some metrics that miss some important points confort you in your satisfaction , but even if i like switzerland for tons of things , healthcare is certainly not something that have been an improvement in my life . 
   this `` minimum insurance '' is actually better than what you get in most other countries . 
  i compared it to the french one ( which is universal and completely free ) . 
  i spend ~ 10 % of my salary in the swiss healthcare ( the least expensive one ) and i have to pay by myself more than 2500 chf in one year before having any refund . 
  you might be happy with that , but i can ensure you that it 's completely crappy for french standards .
