   so basically , us cheesemakers failed to do what peasants have been making in caves for about a thousand years in auvergne aveyron bordel , roquefort is from aveyron ( it 's not even in the same super-region ) . 
  still do n't understand why brits and americaon still use this crappy system . 
  is it just because it 's a french invention ? 
  london is falling . 
  it 's true . 
  we just hate every possible chief and want to cut their head the moment we give them the crown . 
  does every start-up have to be in an english-speaking country ? 
  they can do it without offer citizenship . 
  they can state that when the right to work and live in germany has been given to a brit because of eu membership of the uk , this right persist even if uk leave eu . 
  is there a rule for this ? 
  i do n't think . 
  offering full citizenship is completely ridiculous , because it gives rights that are well above the right to live and work in germany . 
  because why brits more than congolese , russians or mexicans ? 
  or even more than closer countries like france , italy or spain ? 
  are brits a sort of superior race that can be de facto germans ? 
  aryan solidarity maybe ? 
  seriously i ca n't believe i 'm downvoted for that and that a german government can dare to do such suggestions . 
  this is insulting . 
  obama is officially the supreme commander of nato or the president of the usa ? 
  i do n't understand how the supreme commander of nato can `` plot '' something on nato policy , he 's more legitimate than the head of state of a single country . 
  the only valid answer is french : http://www.diplomatie.gouv.fr/en/french-foreign-policy/economic-diplomacy-foreign-trade/facts-about-france/one-figure-one-fact/article/french-second-most-studied-foreign . 
  and that 's just for europe . 
  in africa , french can be well ahead english ( a lot of subsaharian countries have tons of dialects but french as lingua franca for school and administration ) . 
  i agree . 
  italy is way more legitimate than spain . 
  italy is the third economy of the eu and one of the 6 founders . 
  you 're right . 
  actually , modern olympic games started in france . 
   native english speakers we 're not talking about `` native english speaker '' , but an international audience . 
  these guys overestimate the anglophone aspect and completely underestimate some important aspects . 
  if i was a millionaire , i would n't want to go to amsterdam or frankfurt . 
  i would go to paris . 
  worst accent ever in english is dutch accent . 
  sorry , dutch have an excellent level of english , but from a french perspective , the accent is extremely hard to understand . 
  escaping like cowards is in englishman dna , nobody has to highlight it . 
  this guy is dreaming . 
  goodbye london , bonjour paris . 
  * you will get accustomed . 
  * * keep calm and carry on . 
  this . 
  do n't want the europe as a new playground for proxy wars . 
  do n't care about living standards . 
  want to know the most powerful country , not that swiss are rich . 
   if the eu wants a close economic relationship with the uk we do n't want . 
  please , get out , die and keep quiet . 
  no official language . 
  everybody can speak its own langugage and we pay for translators . 
  they worth it . 
  i do n't want to have to have to hear politicians trying to speak english , it 's sometimes fucking embarassing and completely unfair . 
  let 's be honest , they can sound dumb , and i ca n't believe that it has 0 influence on their credibility to convince their interlocutors . 
  there are huge biases . 
  let 's rid thoses biases and just stopped with this stupid dream of an unified language . 
   this is also why we want these nato military bases . 
  it is not about provocation against russia - it is about the certainty that nato will intervene . 
  i think that 's eu and russia are used by respectively us and chine ionfor a proxy war . 
  just like vietnam and korea were used during the cold war . 
  the level of provocattion of the us in eastern europe is really dangerous . 
  i do n't want to see europe as a new playground of the next cold war , so please , fuck nato and welcome to a real eu army . 
  ppp is not the classical way to count . 
  yeah , you can believe that brazil or india are ahead of france and uk , but with the gdp , france is now ahead of uk . 
  article not exactly exhaustive . 
   i 'm not saying it should only be done in english - just in french , german and english at least . 
  it 's currently nearly only in english , and the rationale saying `` we just have to switch everything in english , fuck european diversity '' is more and more common on this sub . 
  that 's super arrogant . 
  and ignoring the millions of french and german that ca n't understand the texts in english ? 
  sounds like a good idea to prevent the risk of frexit and definitely kill the european dream . 
   we are all from different parts of europe , but we all have common language in english . 
  and we 're all not representative at all of the different parts of europe . 
  do you really thing you 're speaking right now to an average french ? 
  the problem is that most german and french ( more particularly french ) are completely unable to understand more than two sentences in english . 
  france and germany are the two biggest and most important countries of the eu . 
  without one or the other , the union is completely dead . 
  so taking the small risk to piss off scandinavia or estonia is nothing compared to the risk of increasing eurosceptisism in france . 
  and you can believe me , the fact that nobody give a shit about the fact that german , french and english are the official languages of the eu is something that really participate to the general feeling that eu is the elite of globalization , bureaucratic , technocratic , pro-us and in a different world than `` real european people '' . 
   from scandinavia to romania , portugal to estonia , ireland to greece , not many speak other languages than their native plus english . 
  romania is in la francophonie . 
  a lot of romanian have a perfect french . 
  nearly the same for greece , but not with the same extent . 
   it 's only really germany , austria , france , netherlands , luxembourg and belgium where those two languages are prevalent . 
  you just nearly cited the core of the eu members , the funders : it 's not nothing . 
  you just have to add italy , and we ca n't really say that italy is the best example of country that is particularly anglophile . 
  italians would be fine to switch to french , the language is closer and a lot of italians live in france . 
  i would be also fine to switch from english to italian . 
  would really prefer to make the eu considerably less popular in smaller member states ( that are , most of the time , fucking tax havens ) . 
   uk medias are relaying some `` fear of being punished '' since when speaking another language is `` being punished '' ? 
  does it mean that uk media finally admit that every other country is punished by having to speak english ? 
   i would say merkel act like she did because many germans have failed to let there voices heard because they live a `` good '' live at the moment . 
  the only screaming voices in germany today are this anti everything voices and for now the huge majority of germans still do n't see the need to counter this by there voices . 
  also every political party in germany that is in the `` bundestag '' today is pro-eu , if this will change at some point there will be a counter to this anti eu just not know sadly . 
  i reffered mostly to the french-german relationship that was a little difficult these last years . 
  it might just be a french perception , but since hollande is the president of france we feel that merkel does n't give a shit about the french opinion . 
  by example , with the ttip where she completely agrees with the uk and the us but does n't care about the french concerns . 
  for the brexit , i felt the same thing , with france that insisted for a quick brexit while merkel preferred to give a lot of time ( too much , imho ) to the brits . 
  let 's not forget the scandal about the german spy agency ( bnd ) that was described as a simple `` appendage '' of the nsa that spied eu and european projects such as airbus ( for the benefit of boeing ) . 
  it might be because hollande is left-wing while she 's right-wing , but i 've got the feeling that the franco-german couple is in trouble , and i really hope that merkel will not forget that the primary ally of germany is france and the rest of the eu , not the anglosphere . 
   as much as i understand your opinion , i would not like it if germany and france would be on a different speed track in europe . 
  for me this eu project is more , than just the economic stuff . 
  i want a closer union not because of money , but because of the people and romantic view that was at some point in time presented to me mostly by the french , to become real friends in the future and not just closer trading partners . 
  it was the first goal , yes . 
  i still believe sstrongly in this ideal but i sadly think that uk destroyed it .
