  maybe it 's because i 'm from the south of france , but i really feel that italy is more like a brother country that share a lot with us . 
  the architecture , the vestige , the food ( olive oil and tomatoes everywhere ) , the colors , the weather , mediterranean sea ... we share so many things that you 're more an ally and a friend against nordic countries . 
  i suppose that my view could not be shared by everybody , people from alsace should feel closer to germans , bretons/normans should feel closer to british , and so on with other parts of france with spain and belgium . 
  that might be why france does n't have a clear rival , we have so many influential neighbours that there is no clear consensus , and we rather tend to feel closer to our closest regional neighbourg compared to the rest of france . 
  it seems that every single european country think they have a rivalry with france . 
  even for the famous uk/france rivalry , french actually do n't give a shit , it 's more a british circlejerk . 
  i love this vestager . 
  we need more people like her in the eu . 
   a lot of it is pretty and some of its cheese is nearly as good as english stuff . 
  happy to see that even merkel + obama ca n't impose everything to the eu . 
  and you think that the weapon deals of france are not fucking important for eu ? 
  if france does n't keep its military status ( not so big compared to the other behemoth , but not ridiculous ) , eu is nothing and you know it . 
  what 's good for france is good for europe . 
  give a single example where it would not be the case ? 
  i did n't say that that it was not a big challenge , but the challenge is clear : if eu politicians do n't provide enought effort to fuck uk hard , this is the end of the eu . 
  you 're lucky , eu politicians can be extremely stupid and suicidal , so they can fail , but do n't expect a complete passivity . 
  the only sane answer is `` does n't make much difference '' . 
  happy to see that france has the highest percentage for this answer . 
  the eu has the ability to do that , but will probably not do it . 
  imagine economic sanctions comparable to the russian one ? 
   i love how the eu is apparently this amazing marvel of a thing , but the idea of giving us a mutually beneficial deal is allegedly enough to kill it . 
  there is no possible mutually beneficial deal . 
  it 's crystal clear : if uk doest n't suffer hard , eu is finished . 
  even a pro-eu like me will not believe in eu anymore if your country is not out of the top 10 world economy in the next decade . 
  not sure if sarcastic , but i think it 's quite different . 
  i read that she showed her ass . 
  do n't care , i just feel that banning a simple clothing is way too much . 
  even the simple clothing that i do n't like and that conveys a retarded ideology . 
  i propose to not ban it but let people be opposed . 
  i 'm opposed to people that swear in front of my kids , but i would not support sanctions against people that swears in the street in front of my kids . 
   another point , i ca n't access to the article , but i am wondering even how true this poll thing is ... 
  the poll is true but the result is completely exploited . 
  this is the exact study ( in french ) : http://www.ifop.com/media/poll/3460-1-study_file.pdf the exact question was :  le burkini est un v\u00eatement de bain pour femme couvrant le torse , ainsi qu\u2019une partie des membres et de la t\u00eate . 
  in english ( the best i can , sorry if it 's not exact , other francophone might correct ) : the burkini is a clothing for women that covers the torso and a portion of the legs/arms and head . 
  are you positive , opposed or indifferent to the burkini use on beaches ? 
  with this formulation , it 's difficult to answer that you 're `` positive '' or `` indifferent '' to something so rare and unusual . 
  i 've never seen something like that before ( which is the case of the large majority of frenchmen ) , of course i might be shocked/annoyed if i see that everywhere . 
  but it 's not the case , and the question is not about a ban at all . 
  the use of this poll by journalists and politics is completely misleading , it 's perfectly sane to not be `` positive '' or `` indifferent '' to this kind of thing ( particularly given the context ) , but it does n't mean that a ban is supported . 
  i said that i was against the ban . 
  is n't it crystal clear ? 
  you do n't read french and did n't understand the exact terms of the questions and the answers . 
  i 'm opposing the eating of meat but i would hate a ban of meat ... is that so difficult to understand ? 
  the title of this post is misleading , the real poll states that a majority of french are opposed to the burkini , not that they support the ban . 
  i 'm personally against the burkini ( i do n't like bigots ) and against the ban ( i support free will , even for dumb bigots ) . 
   no , you 're thinking of the uci ( union cycliste internationale ) and the tour de france ... oh they 're both run by the french , right ? 
  it 's precisely because they 're both run by the french that we know about a large amount of doping cases . 
  doping . 
  the number of downvotes for your comment confirm your statement : people are stupid ( even on reddit ) . 
  thanks dope . 
  thanks dope and cycling . 
  it 's the same in every civilized country . 
   95 % of the natives died of smallpox the spanish brought . 
  hence why we were able to settle easily . 
  had we tried it 200 years earlier , we 'd be facing millions upon millions of native americans . 
  there are evidences that brit brougth voluntarily smallpox to some amrindian tribes : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/siege_of_fort_pitt . 
  please , do n't deny the crimes of british colonisation , it 's one of the most violent and ruthless colonisation style . 
   australians were still aussies when they discriminated aboriginals . 
  the queen of the aussies is still the queen of england . 
   we did n't exterminate them all . 
  95 % of native americans were dead when the french and english touched north american soil . 
   do n't forget , you held land in n.america amerindians formed a big alliance with the french against the english during the 7 years war . 
  they were exterminated after the loss of the french . 
   in africa , we did n't exterminate them not completely , but the appartheid and the number of whites that you brougth is without comparison with what france did in africa . 
   in fact the only ones you might have a point about is australia , but even then the aussies did most of that themselves . 
  aussies = brit at this time . 
  this is still nearly the case ... 
  romania is a permanent member of the oif ( organisation internationale de la francophonie ) . 
  it 's false , actually the pronunciation is more consistent in german than in spanish . 
  and ? 
  it 's normal . 
  well , the only difference with french colonies is that you exterminated the natives to put people of european descent with your language , your culture , your values and your system . 
  i think i 'm more proud to have only ex-colonies with most of the population that is still native . 
  yeah , but as i told you , french-bashing is not only used by the british press or the americans , it 's also used a lot by the french elite themselves . 
  example in the article :  `` i do n't think the french are lazy , '' air france-klm alexandre de juniac said . 
  `` but are we clever ? 
  the problem is that sometimes the french think they are cleverer than others . 
  it 's a very serious mistake -- it 's arrogant . '' it 's the perfect illustration of what i explained . 
  alexandre de juniac is the boss of air france klm , a low-cost company of air france that had a lot of problems with strikes because of the conditions of the workers . 
  this guy for sure hates that french spirit and would like workers that just shut up , and what is he saying ? 
  that french are arrogants because they think they 're cleverer , a typical stereotype coming from the brits that think that just speaking french is being an arrogant aristocrat ( this is just historical , because french vocabulary was used a lot by the english aristocracy since the middle-age ) . 
  saying that the frenchmen are arrogant is complete bullshit and non-sense , you can be sure that alexandre de juniac knows it and does n't think it , but he just reuses the obsession of anglophone to confirm their stereotypical views and convince the rest of the world that he 's right . 
  this is typical of the big ceos in france , saying in france `` look at the other countries , they 're mocking us '' and saying to the others `` as you know it , frenchmen are arrogant and/or lazy , mock them '' . 
  the thing is that french are very receptive to criticisms . 
  being critical is in our nature , we constantly question our own rules , we debate and we think a lot ( maybe too much ) about it . 
  so when an influent neighbour question our system , we 're receptive . 
  the fact that powerful , influent and rich people would prefer a more liberal and less egalitarian system ( like in germany and in the uk ) does n't help , because they constantly criticize france in this regards . 
  we have tons of famous athlete , television presenter , singer or actor that leave france because they 're not happy with taxes and that explains that taxes is what ruin our country . 
  obviously , this is not true , but when all the anglosphere and the french elite attack the concept of the french economy , there are consequences on the opinion . 
  we 're just demanding for everything , that 's why we have one of the best social system in europe but are continuously on strike . 
  well , french-bashing by the english press does n't help , and we also have continuously liberals that tell to everybody on tv how fucked up is the french economy and how close to the english or german system we should be ( regarding taxes , work laws ... ) . 
  the result is an economy that is on par with the uk , but a perception of it that is lower . 
   can you - if you would - spell out why it is a problem to use the language of another super-power ? 
  apart from our lost pride of course . 
  because an influent country has even more influence when others play with their rules , with their language . 
  i gave you a simple example with science . 
  the uk and the usa outrageously dominate this field because everything is centered on their language . 
  scientists have to publish in their journals , have to pay their publishing groups , are judged with their metrics that are centered around their view in their academic system . 
  imagine , if tomorrow the usa and malaysia are at war , who will you support ? 
  i guess usa , because you partially share their language , their views , their culture .
