  you said that you would be happy with uk ( which could be also an important military and political power for eu ) but uk does n't want you and also do n't follow the 3 % rule . 
  france will never follow these 3 % rules or other austerity measures because the stability of the country would be in danger , and france knows that 's there would be absolutely no point for germany to continue the eu without france . 
   anyway i do n't think we 'll ever see a war between european-nations , worst i see is a balkan like situation a couple decades down the road ... you 're really naive . 
  you do n't imagine how unstable can be france when people are angry and you can be sure that nationalistic and anti-eu parties wlll be in power if northern europe try to impose only 10 % to france out of what they impose to greece . 
  germany plays a very dangerous game by pushing its model to southern europe and should be a little bit more pragmatic by accepting to pay for others ( as we accepted to pay for their reconstruction ) . 
  france is extremely left-wing compared to the rest of europe ( even the far-right front national is actually left-wing economically ... ) and more and more people vote for parties defending the russia position ( whether it be at the left-wing with m\u00e9lanchon or the right-wing with lepen ) . 
  there is a long tradition of `` socialism '' and i would ` nt be surprise if france leave the eu and come closer to russia if germany continue to push with usa for shit like ttip or austerity . 
  you probably do n't imagine the consequences of the end of the monopole of the usa and the rise of china as the biggest economical power in the world . 
  of course , it would be not for now , ut a lot of possible things can happen in the next century ... we have to protect the franco-german alliance , otherwise i can guarantee you that a war could be not that far that you imagine . 
   everything after the maastricht treaty was a huge mistake . . countries like greece , spain , italy and even france should not share a coin with counties like germany . 
  eu is not supposed to be the northern europe club but a franco-german alliance to end wars . 
  you missed the whole point of eu creation . 
  i think you do n't realize how happy the eu is about the brexit . 
  i do n't know a single person in france that is sad about that . 
  the negociations about how to deal the negociations . 
  it will be long . 
  it sounds crazy that 18 % would not be opposed . 
  i still do n't understand how they managed to enter in the first place . 
   it was only and only those evil mustache twirling british sabotaged it since the days of charlemagne . 
  british ? 
  i said england , check the history of your country . 
  and to be fair , england was completely irrelevant at the days of charlemagne , his sons managed to disrupt his own empire alone . 
  of course . 
  fucking the europe and the rest of the western world has always been the masterplan of the perfidious england . 
  few decades before , they tried to prevent the birth of your country . 
  french laicity won . 
   what gives are values are closely allied after all europe would be in a horrible state without our interventions 24/7 sure , france waited the us for being an influent country in history . 
  it 's not that complicated to send spanish speaking journalists , even if he can speak english , he has to refuse . 
  it 's better now but i believe that the intellectual clash between jean-marie and florian philippot is real . 
  yes , but she 's still more leftist than trump . 
   please learn from our downfalls , france . 
  you 'll get it so much worse than us anglos . 
  we have to deal with stupid , self-serving assholes thanks to our mistakes . 
  you 'd have to deal with a barely closeted neo-nazi . 
  i really hope we will not elect her , but believe me , trump is way worst than her on basically every aspects . 
  people out of france seems to not see how moderate she is ( or how moderate she tries to appear ) . 
  she is actually angry with him and fired him out of the party . 
  there are still two different school of thought in her party ( one pro-father and the other more moderate ) , but the actual second and director of campaign is clearly part of the most moderate side . 
  i 'm actually pretty sure that the polls give an overestimation of the le pen votes . 
  we correct for this bias since decades , and saying that you vote for le pen is less controversial than before . 
  also , lepen is more popular in the youngest generation , and these guys are less likely to actually vote . 
  rowling is a french teacher and the names of the character are full of actual french words . 
  hermione is an animal . 
  funny , this is nearly the same than french : une id\u00e9e . 
  lived in france and currently live in switzerland . 
  i have way more money in switzerland , but the life quality is lower . 
  the bread is disgusting and the restaurants overpriced for something way below french standards . 
   is there a significant propaganda being made on tv ? 
  against us , pro-russia ? 
  you do n't have to be pro-russian to criticize the us wars . 
  the us really fucked up their reputation when they bypassed the veto of france for the irak war . 
  it was fucking illegal , they presented fake proof of chemical weapons and it was just for oil . 
  and what was their childish reaction ? 
  freedom fries and french bashing . 
  would be great . 
  it would be the best solution , but i doubt it will happen , sadly . 
  if we use english , it 's important that 's the language does n't bring any advantage to one of the eu member . 
  without any big country that speaks natively english , the language is `` neutral '' . 
  and ? 
  frenchmen do n't bet on things like that , it 's a brit thing and the fact that we have big companies to fulfill their passion does n't prove anything . 
  even betting on sports is not a huge thing in france , so about political elections ... 
  why do you want a country with english as official language ? 
  this would bring inequalities for the use of english as lingua franca ( that 's basically how uk managed to fucked up the eu so far ) . 
  it 's fine like that , no country with an absurdly huge advantage over the others . 
  betting markets are anglo-centric entities and do n't know how france works . 
  the electoral system is very different in germany and tend to favour big/stable conglomerate of parties . 
  that 's why merkel compete with putin for the oldest head of state of a big country . 
  france is culturally anti-liberal . 
  also by combining mediterranean/northeuropean and amazonian fauna and flora , france and the eu are a huge biodiversity reservoir . 
  fun fact : the country that shares the longest boarder with france is not part of the eu but is ... brasil . 
  i would only accept qu\u00e9bec . 
  if the rest of canada accept to drop their barbaric american language to adopt the language of brussels and strasbourg , we can discuss . 
  good point for him . 
  i would like to hear about tafta and trump , because i 've got big doubts . 
  normans were clearly not viking , not just culturally , but also regarding genetics . 
  there is always an big overestimation of viking invasions , even the uk that looks invaded a lot by viking ancestry is actually 40 % french and 30 % german ( genetic-wise ) : http://www.theverge.com/2015/3/18/8252797/uk-genetic-map-reveals-invasions-regional-identity . 
  waw , it 's way too high . 
   wants to intensify fighting tax getaway on european level this . 
  please , elect him germany . 
  sounds more like a religious suicide than a terrorist attack . 
  came here to say the same thing . 
  trusting the us after this shitstorm is a concept that i never understood . 
  at least trump is useful for that , opening the european eyes . 
  trump did the same thing and the us are way more powerful than little russia ( because yes , russia has the gdp of italy and is only the big bad vilain in hollywood movies ) . 
  to be fair , the current stance of le pen regarding the eu is more like cameron than farage . 
  even the le pen election ( not likely ) would not mean the end of the eu . 
  i would be curious to see the level of great britain after the brexit . 
  anyway , germany + france = best friends forever , happy to see that it 's reciprocal . 
  `` trahison '' is not a frenchified english word , it 's `` treason '' that is an anglicized french word . 
  so i guess it does n't work between france and switzerland ... which are the only ( but frequent ) situation where i pay roaming . 
   suddenly everyone wants a closer eu ... after almost kicking greece out and smiling , after keeping other countries paying debts until king come , after ruining the life of thousands of people affected by uncontrolled immigration ... are you kidding ? 
  too late for that you can have a closer eu and less eu members . 
  sorry , it 's actually an aircraft carrier ( mistral ) . 
  doubtful , but everything can happen right now . 
  macron is extremely new and has no clear program . 
  he can be really bad in debates or a big bank scandal can come ( he was not supposed to be politician , so he might have done some mistakes in his former career of banker ) . 
  well it 's more that hollande was super anti-russia . 
  the submarine cancelling thing was not very popular here ( and it was frankly very stupid ) so basically every moderate candidate look pro-russia compared to him . 
  yeah yeah , that 's what you want to believe . 
  for sure the eu will suffer , but compared to the uk , it will be nothing .
