   the system is designed that you have to pay small bills on your own and basically focuses on cases where people really need financial help . 
  the french system is designed to not have to associate `` money '' and `` health '' . 
  never . 
  whatever your social class . 
  i can understand that you do n't understand it , but for someone that never associated money and health , the swiss system is actually pretty shocking . 
  most of the swiss do n't mind because they have super high salary , but as a foreigner i 'm way below the average income . 
  i do n't doubt that privatised systems are better for rich people but i 'm absolutely sure that it 's less good for more modest people . 
  this is not an anecdotatal experience , it 's just math . 
  2 years ago in france , i went regularly to the dentist or any doctor without even a single hesitation , everything was free . 
  now , i avoid to go to the doctor and i wait to go back to france ( because even if the french healthcare does n't work for me anymore , it 's still less expensive than what i would pay here with the swiss healthcare ) . 
  basically every frenchmen that i know here ( and i know a ton of them ) do the same thing , there is no debate . 
  you will have that this year : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nnrk7xvg3pm an adaptation of the `` valerian et laureline '' , a sf bande-dessin\u00e9e by the director of the 5th element . 
  i completely agree . 
  i can compare the french and the swiss system , and the swiss system is simply horrible ( extremely expensive , obligatory privatised corporations than try to fuck you every year and barely any refund ) . 
  i do n't understand how a single metric can put this crappy system ahead of the french one . 
  keep in mind that frenchmen have a problem with every single person with religious beliefs . 
  the numbers are just wrong . 
  i guess a lot of unaffiliated are counted as roman catholic by default , but this is more a cultural thing than religion . 
  most people only go to the church for marriage or funerals and actually do n't believe in god . 
  for the gay mariage protests , you overestimate the actual percent of the population involved . 
  the protests were huge because all protests are culturally huge in france . 
  going in the street to show a disagreement with the government is something normal here , probably a french revolution heritage and the reason of our reputation for strikes . 
  actually , it would be more `` omelette au fromage '' . 
  i do n't know where you heard that france was incredibly catholic . 
  even if technically france is called `` the eldest daughter of the church '' ( because it 's actually the first big catholic country and the kingdom of france even controlled the pope at some points ) , this is now completely finished . 
  france is one of the most atheist country since the french revolution and has a clear separation of the state and religion in its constitution , which is not the case of most western countries ( including all monarchies but also germany or the usa ) . 
  not exactly , or please provide proofs . 
  i never miss a single opportunity to blame frenchmen that raise the gypsie = romanian stereotype . 
  i think it 's mostly ignorance more than anything else . 
  romania is my favourite european country and historically one of the greatest ally of france . 
  that relies so much on fiscal evasion *, 
   thousands of american 's died to free france from a genocidal regime while most of your people sat and cowered . 
  first , france had more casualties than the us during ww2 . 
  second , the us killed nearly the same numbers of french civilians ( with the bombing ) than the number of american gi dead in france . 
   frankly , france has been a shitty ally , including and up to today . 
  your thinking and rationale shows this . 
  your country would not even exist without france . 
   if you want to paint the uk and the american 's as the bad guys in world war 2 , go right ahead , we probably should have left you to the nazi 's if that 's the general opinion . 
  it 's not my opinion or the general opinion . 
  there are no clear `` good guys '' , and the american obsession to depict themselves as `` good guys '' and insisting to be treated as heroes is technically false , arrogant and bitchy , particularly when you guys insult france of cowardice in every discussion including `` war '' and `` france '' . 
  there are no `` good guys '' or `` bad guys '' , i understand that it 's difficult to understand after decades of hollywood brain-washing , but the reality is more grey than black and white . 
   i 'm sure france would have loved being liberated by the soviets . 
  do n't mix up your fears and ours . 
  we do n't give a shit , france culturally criticize equally extreme-capitalism ( your model ) and communism ( soviet model ) and i would be fine speaking russian instead of english , both are not my native languages and there is still a possibility that russians would have been less arrogant and cocky than americans . 
  we do n't have to be grateful to you guys , your `` liberation '' was not as heroic as you believe . 
  first , you came way too late and allowed nazi germany to crush your oldest allies , when you did n't directly help them : https://www.theguardian.com/world/2004/sep/25/usa.secondworldwar . 
  it has nothing of which to be proud . 
  second , your `` liberation '' came with the bombing of wonderful cities and their civilians : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/bombing_of_france_during_world_war_ii it was even worst than aleppo , with 1,570 cities concerned , some of them completely destroyed ( 100 % : st nazaire ) and 68,778 civilians killed . 
  then , after destroying our historical cities , you guys just raped our women : http://www.express.co.uk/news/world/422860/d-day-gis-raped-and-killed-their-french-allies-while-us-army-generals-turned-a-blind-eye . 
   and that 's right , but it was better then invading the home islands and letting millions of americans and japanese die do n't try to justify the use of fucking nuclear weapons on civilians . 
  there are long-terms consequences of this shit , this is one of the biggest crime against humanity you can do . 
  i know what you will say `` war is war '' , but you can justify litteraly everything with this rationale , including the current aleppo massacre ( which is , by the way , nothing compared to what you did ) . 
  5 years after , when the russians already crushed the nazi ? 
  we 're not in an hollywood movie or in battlefield , whether it be for ww1 or ww2 americans are the cowards that come when everything is finished , bomb cities full of civilians with nuclear weapons and want to be considered as good guys and heroes . 
  when you left france and let nazi germany walk in paris ? 
  thanks guys , it 's the perfect example that prove that uk will `` be content to just sit behind its channel '' . 
  cycling -  no dope ? 
  god , cycling is the worst sport in this regard . 
  there is not a tour de france without that . 
   i 've not heard any legitimate calls for an eu army you 're completely out of the loop . 
  i really hope we will stay united for being a real worldstage power finally free of the us interests . 
  that 's also my feeling , but i do n't really understand the reasons . 
  because they would be not alone in the world regarding nationalistic vote ? 
  because they want the destruction of the eu ? 
  traditional french-bashing ? 
  nobody talks of that in france . 
  the level of fascination of the anglophone press for lepen is nearly obsessional . 
  you just ignore the automation part . 
  if you have nothing to say other than `` too lazy '' whie ignoring the part where i give the solution , avoid to be that long for nothing . 
  i wanted to say `` any '' european language . 
   the google translate algorithm is good but english is the new lingua franca and if you post in french without translating you exclude everyone on r/europe ... 
  believing that english is a lingua franca is what excludes people of / r/europe . 
  my parents , my brothers , most of my friends , basically nearly everybody i know irl can not participate to such a conversation with european fellows because they do n't have a good enought english for that . 
  this is exactly why eu will ultimately fail : because of english-educated people that think that everybody is or should be like them . 
  we 're on / r/europe and everybody should be able to talk using an european language . 
  we should even automate the translation ( i 'm sure a bot can do that ) , the google algorithm is absolutely perfect ( your sentence in french is flawless ) , at least for some languages ( including french and german , which are official work languages in the eu ) . 
  or we can just stay like that and let this sub be a place with more american and brits than eu citizens except some american-wannabe that think they 're representative of the eu . 
  it 's always the same thing , a small minority of educated people that believe that they should be the norm and that everybody aspire to be them , then that are surprised by brexit or trump . 
  eu is doomed to be destroyed if you really believe that everybody should talk only english . 
  i would hate to have lepen elected in my country , but sometimes , i understand the feeling of her electorate that is pissed off by a small minority that gives lessons to the masses ( or worst , actually believe that everybody is like them ) . 
  please , open your eyes before it 's too late . 
  i don ' t think that sophisticated european should be able to speak 5 languages , but i think that they should be able to 1 ) be eager to see a little bit of diversity and 2 ) be able to use google translate ( which will give you an absolutely perfect translation of the sentence ) : `` we in france prefer charism rather than competence . 
  no , i 'm joking '', 
  you should . 
   not blaming them , but the unquestioned love they receive is weird too ... 
  thanks to cultural hegemony . 
  it 's sad , but most of the people are more us wanabees than real pro-eu . 
  it 's sad that you really prefer to give money to the usa than to france . 
  for fuck sake buddy , we 're in the same boat . 
  we 're all in the eu boat and france is our military guy . 
  when i have to chose a product or a web service , i chose a dutch , german , spanish or danish prouct over an american one . 
  it might be possible if montebourg win the primaries . 
  he said recently that he will talk with m\u00e9lenchon if he win , but i guess he meant `` i will try to have m\u00e9lenchon with me '' , not `` i will enventually support m\u00e9lenchon '' . 
  i do n't believe it , but who knows . 
  i think you did ` nt understand the napoleonic wars . 
  not really . 
  fillon = clinton and lepen = trump . 
  i prefer a fiscal union to a banking union . 
  we ca n't continue with the fiscal policies of ireland or the netherlands . 
  he 's the exact copy of merkel for economy ( sadly ) .
