  the sanctions of the eu are essentially for the american interests . 
  how much french corporation are willing to share their loot to frenchmen ? 
  what you said is completely irrelevant . 
  france is part of the eu . 
  french interests are de facto eu interests . 
  for fuck sake , is it that difficult to understand ? 
  the fact that you consider that french interests are not european interests means everything . 
  if you consider that french interests have exactly the same value that american interests as a member of the eu , you completely missed the point of the eu . 
  it 's still completely impossible . 
  do n't dream uk and us , france is more than likely to be the only western power that is not lead by crazy nationalists . 
  even after 3 terrosrist attacks , frenchmen will be smart . 
  same . 
  i wanted to say `` politically educated '' . 
  in france , there is a participation rate of 80 % in presidential election , which contrasts a lot with the ~ 50 % of the us . 
  it 's also well-known that we debate strongly for everything ( even ridiculous things ) , which causes us a lot of mockery for our famous strikes . 
  also , we have by far the most left-wing political landscape in western countries , with a lot of intervention of the state . 
  there is no way lepen can win , and this is the fact . 
  all this sub is sure she has a chance , but you really do n't understand how the vote is organized in france : she has absolutely no chances . 
  this is not comparable . 
  all the polls where not that clear for trump and brexit . 
  the polls are super crystal clear that le pen will lose by something like 65 % - 35 % , at best . 
  i work in a very international place and every angophone believe that le pen already won . 
  i guess it 's kind of wishful thinking , they just ca n't imagine that france will not be in the same crappy boat . 
  she ca n't win . 
   way more educated we have this conversation in your native language . 
   63 % say immigrant integration is n't working we have high expectations , and it 's true that it could be way better . 
  it does n't mean that 63 % are against immigration . 
   35 % of french people consider themselves `` quite '' or `` a little '' racist which is the maximal percent that le pen will have for the next elections . 
   34 % of french people consider `` islam '' as something negative we have a very negative view of religions in general . 
  and it 's a good thing . 
   50 % consider islam a menace to `` national identity '' would like to see the original poll because i 'm sure there is a problem of translation here . 
   20 % hold anti-semitic views and 80 % think they 're morons . 
   france banned the hijab in schools , and attempted to ban the burkini and it 's not really a bad thing in our secular model . 
  we do n't like religions , period . 
   where the black justice minister is welcomed with : `` hey monkey , go and eat bananas '' no more % ? 
   where the twitter hashtag #ifmydaughtercomeshomewithablack trends if twitter was representative of a country , trump would not be the president of the usa right now . 
   where black/asian/arab people are seated in the back of restaurants in how many restaurants ? 
  i guess it 's anecdotal . 
  for the moment , the favourite ( jup\u00e9 ) is ahead of lepen at the 1st round . 
  you do n't imagine how impossible the 2nd round will be for her . 
  say thanks to de gaulle . 
  he predicted that both the usa and the uk were not reliable and that nuclear weapon for france was an absolute necessity . 
  now we realize how fucking right he was . 
  imagine a world with just trump , putin , xi jinping and putin with nuclear weapons . 
  seems history has n't taught you anything . 
  france is way more educated and progressist than the anglosphere . 
  putting france in the same bag than the uk and the usa is just being completely ignorant . 
   marine le pen will probably win in 2017 . 
  lol no . 
  frenchmen are not as stupid as americans and brits . 
  http://www.globalfirepower.com/countries-listing-europe.asp france is the biggest military power in europe . 
  period . 
   uk ranked above france in every military index i can find . 
  here 's an article . 
  check your article . 
  the ranking is a complete non-sense . 
  france is superior on every metrics ( active personnel , tanks , aircraft , nuclear warheads , aircraft carrier ) except for one more submarine for uk ( 11 vs 10 ) . 
  also , the most important metrics is nuclear warhead . 
  france is far ahead , particularly compared to the uk 's nuclear deterrent that is not independent : http://www.globalresearch.ca/britains-nuclear-deterrent-isnt-independent-is-a-british-prime-minister-really-free-to-strike-any-target-in-this-world-with-nuclear-weapons/5536475, 
  very good d\u00e9cision . 
   the most important nations in this future force will be in order of importance germany , france , italy , spain , benelux , austria , portugal . 
  germany ahead of one of the only country of the world able to deploy nuclear weapons ? 
  france is ahead germany , by far , this is not even the same league . 
  this news was not even reported in the french media . 
  normandy was a vassal duchy of france ( not a kingdom ) . 
  pretending that it was two separated things is not honest , but believe it if you want . 
   the french were scary motherfuckers even way before napoleon . 
  well , globally , france has actually the most successful military history . 
  sarkozy is a notorious atlantist ( pro-nato , pro-us , even his son claims he 's more american than french/european ) , i 'm not surprised by his stance . 
  this guy would fuck the eu if it can please his masters . 
  i 'm not happy with the internal politic of hollande , but for the international , he 's for sure less toxic than sarkozy . 
  i really hope he will not be elected . 
  that 's exactly why brexit is the best thing that happened to the eu since its birth . 
  churchill 's quote : `` if britain must choose between europe and the open sea , she must always choose the open sea . '' `` every time i have to decide between you and roosevelt , i will always choose roosevelt . '' uk chose since the beginning his side . 
  exactly . 
  we need you , germoney . 
  together , we can finally be relevant again . 
  i 'll never forget the massive amount of points armenia give to france at every eurovision ( even when we do n't deserve it ) . 
  not really a neighbour , but definitely a true friend . 
  southern europe has just higher standards . 
  but it 's still less the case than france ( and usa and russia as 2nd and 3rd ) : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_time_zones_by_country, 
  this is not a lost empire in the case of france . 
   you watch football or rugby , england/france is pretty big for us ( perhaps another one-sided rivalry ) ... do n't know , but it 's interesting because in this case the situation is reversed : in rugby , england becomes the country with a lot of neighbourgs and france rather isolated . 
   same in football , italy is definitely our biggest enemy . 
  not in my opinion . 
   grouping us together with the normans ? 
  thinking we like the english ? 
  the only people we like are the celtic british . 
  i like the welsh because we basically have the same anthem . 
  i did n't group bretons/normans ( even if , c'mon , you 're close ) , just said than both of them feel close to british . 
  for nomans , it 's fucking obvious given the fact that england was technically normandy during several centuries . 
  the whole medieval english culture and aristocracy root from guillaume le conqu\u00e9rant ( william the conqueror ) . 
   thinking we like the english ? 
  i said british for a reason . 
  english was more for normands , welsh for bretons . 
   the only people we like are the celtic british . 
  i like the welsh because we basically have the same anthem . 
  i know and that what i wanted to say . 
  i think the only `` rivalry '' we can imagine with you was during the roman empire ( mainly because of ast\u00e9rix ) , but it 's a little bit complicated because we 're also part of the roman empire heritage in many ways ( particularly the south of france with many coliseum and roman vestige that we are rather proud ) and we do n't clearly identify the roman empire as modern italy . 
  for the rest , we know that you 're one of the only respectable culture for food and art in europe , but it 's more respect than rivalry .
