  ok , got it . 
  i guess that accidents are not that dramatic , but it becomes very expensive with chronic diseases ( by example , cancer ) . 
   when i was working in the us , i broke my spine in three places . 
  from ambulance to final recovery it cost me less than 500 dollars . 
  from a frenchman perspective : that 's fucking crazy . 
  i sounds like 500 dollars is nothing for you , but it 's crazy high for something related to health here . 
  can i be honest ? 
  that 's ugly . 
  it 's crazy that there is even a debate for paying that . 
  it 's not a fine for fuck sake , it 's just giving back money . 
  the color difference between france and uk is too big when their gdp is actually nearly equal . 
   the reason for that is actually quite simple - just like poland is a `` minor power '' compared to germany or france , germany or france are `` minor powers '' compared to usa . 
  the difference in power between each step is actually quite similar . 
  are you just completely ignoring the fact that you are in the same fucking union than france or germany and not the usa when you gauge which opinion matters most ? 
   but you see the point to not give a shit about germany endangering the energetic security of poland while being in the same union . 
  i have no clue of what you 're talking about . 
  yeah , but that 's the western block ( and some of them are founder members ) , and their opinions matter most for the most important countries ( their direct neighbours ) . 
  the real problem with poland is that for some reasons , they consider that the opinion of the us matter most than the opinion of germany or france . 
  if you really think that , send your application to be the 52th state of the us , i really do n't see the point to not give a shit about the economic problems of germany while being in the same union . 
  and i at least one person or one party does ` nt support a president , does it means that it 's clearly disingenuous to claim that this country has not the same opinion than him ? 
  poland is a minority in terms of number and power . 
  france , germany , italy , spain , benelux does n't support the sanctions , eu does n't support the sanctions , period . 
  if you 'd really believe that every country has the same power of decision , welcome to the real world . 
  poles are for sure not representative at all of what eu thinks . 
   the main interest was train coordination with france . 
  france is also in the wrong timezone because of the nazi invasion . 
  to be honest , i would prefer to see some eastern europe countries leaving . 
  some of them entered only to be part of a western club and pure russophobia and do n't give a shit about europe . 
  i 'm sick to see the eu as a tool to fuel the little rivalry between the us and russia . 
  i do n't give a shit about russian or us interests , i just value the interest of the eu and want a true union to be able to be competitive on the world stage . 
  i 'm french , and i 'm pissed off that our biggest ally and main economic partner is hurt by a stupid us administration . 
  if it hurts germany , it hurts the eu , so it hurts me as a french and an european . 
  germany is fucking right . 
  but was organized by a frenchman . 
   with russia and china growing in power russia growing in power ? 
  are you crazy ? 
   you ca n't just look at deaths to calculate how valuable a nation was , not that every nation did n't play their part and help the war effort . 
  you have to look at how many goods they produced , what sciences they discovered that helped them and their allies , and what other ways they helped besides fighting ( like the british espionage , the american lend lease , the british and polish work cracking enigma , or the americans cracking the japanese code . ), 
  so first , only military deaths count , and second , the most important is help besides fighting . 
  it look likes you only search a convoluted way to confirm your bias about `` american did a great part in ww2 '' . 
  i do n't care about the number of weapons or goods the us sold to the allies ( it 's business , not heroism ) , the only tribute that really matter and can gauge how much a nation suffered and contributed to a war is the number of deaths . 
  even without counting civilian deaths ( which is debatable ) , us had the around the same number of deaths than yugoslavia or the uk , which is far far below the number of death of china and ussr ( so it 's not like us did 1/3 of the work ) . 
   using the fallen of ww2 would indicate that the us is the third most important allied nation after the ussr and china . 
  maybe in hollywood movies , but it 's a different story in real life : https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/d/d1/world_war_ii_casualties.svg/2000px-world_war_ii_casualties.svg.png, 
   let 's be nice and say the us did 1/3 the work against germany and italy . 
  first sentence , first bullshit . 
  educate yourself : http://www.fallen.io/ww2/, 
   unlike what the brits try to say napoleon was n't hitler and guess what the neither the u.k. nor the us are responsible for germany 's collapse in 1918 . 
  according to battlefield 1 , france did nothing during ww1 . 
   i know you 're being deliberately provocative but the evacuation at dunkirk was a massive success in as much as more than 300 , 000 allied soldiers were rescued when only 30,000 were expected to be saved . 
  brits are for sure very talented for running-away a fight . 
  suggesting that every females wear dress is n't kind of sexist ? 
  what 's wrong with the generic human silhouette ? 
  a not funny one, 
  france is way more serious than the british military-wise . 
  history and reality would like to disagree with you . 
  my girlfriend watches some of them religiously , i just saw parts of some random ones and tried to erase of my memory that shit . 
  she uses this website : https://www.viki.com/genres/korean-drama good luck , i warned you . 
  www was made in the cern , a french-swiss organization . 
  i think you 've never seen korean drama : it can be worst than marseille . 
  salt . 
  salt everywhere . 
  not a single serious source can pretend that vichy 's regime was free of germany influence . 
  denying the involvement of some french politicians was ridiculous , but the new political correct stance that pretend that vichy 's france was a completely independent government are even more ridiculous from an historical point of view . 
  nothing is completely black or white . 
  well it only makes sense while talking about customers in a general way . 
  so should we invent a word between he and she ? 
  til calling ladies ladies is fucking sexist . 
  it 's regularly ranked as the best park of the world ( see source in google ) . 
  do n't know if it 's really that good though . 
  i do n't get the / s. 
  sure . 
  same for german and french . 
  i 'm honestly surprised to see the us that high . 
   it remains to be seen over the long haul . 
  frankly the same undercurrents that swept away the us and uk , have already nearly ? 
  guess we do n't have the same definition for nearly . 
  poland has to leave . 
  it 's a typical case of eu membership pushed by the us and the uk to prevent a real union . 
  they do n't want to be part of eu , they just wanted to be part of a western club + money . 
  1 ) i speak as an european , not a french , just deal with it . 
  2 ) france cares about its allies ( crazy no ? ) . 
  france is in an union with germany and shares a lot of informations , this is in the france interest to be sure that germany is reliable . 
  1 ) i speak as an european , not a french , just deal with it . 
  2 ) france cares about its allies ( crazy no ? ) . 
  france is in an union with germany and shares a lot of informations , this is in the france interest to be sure that germany is reliable . 
  our governments have less capabilities to spy the us , so playing this little game `` everybody spies everybody '' can only mean we 're fucked in the end . 
  our only weapon to stop this is diplomacy , we just have to use it . 
  the us can fuck themselves as long as they continue to abuse their spying superiority on their allies . 
  i really do n't understand europeans sometimes . 
  it 's not a matter of fairness or `` everybody spies everybody '' , it 's a matter of european interests . 
  our governments have less capabilities to spy the us , so playing this little game `` everybody spies everybody '' can only mean we 're fucked in the end . 
  our only weapon to stop this is diplomacy , we just have to use it . 
  the us can fuck themselves as long as they continue to abuse their spying superiority on their allies . 
  i really do n't understand europeans sometimes . 
  it 's not a matter of fairness or `` everybody spies everybody '' , it 's a matter of european interests . 
  our governments have less capabilities to spy the us , so playing this little game `` everybody spies everybody '' can only mean we 're fucked in the end . 
  our only weapon to stop this is diplomacy , we just have to use it . 
  the us can fuck themselves as long as they continue to abuse their spying superiority on their allies . 
  i really do n't understand europeans sometimes .
