  now imagine uk and france at war . 
  who will you support ? 
  when everybody feel close of you , you can basically destroy every union , and the european union is not an exception ifwe do n't find a real , unique idendity . 
  look at the brexit . 
  why do you think it happened ? 
  why the brit feel they 're not european ? 
  because they feel closer to the american . 
  i already ask several time to some fellow brits if they feel closer to americans or europeans , and their answer is super clear . 
  and you know what ? 
  if you ask to a frenchman if he feels closer to a dutch or an american , he will answer an american . 
  it 's sad , but the very concept of the union is fucked up if we give up the idea to have a real european identity , something that could make me feel closer to a a member of the eu ( a dutch ) than to an american . 
  what 's the point otherwise ? 
  how can we consider that we 're an union if we do n't have at least that ? 
   why would choosing one language be giving up identity and come at the cost of diversity ? 
  is me learning french giving up my dutch identity ? 
  learning a language and use it exclusively are two different things . 
  if you learn french , no , you do n't give up you dutch identity . 
  if you only speak french and amsterdam have exclusively restaurants called `` chez roger '' or `` au bon app\u00e9tit '' , yes , you lost you dutch identity . 
   this is something we have to overcome anyway . 
  listening to a lranslator does n't help either . 
  in the long run , it would be best to have a single language we can all use so we can perhaps work on the prejudices ? 
  we already use a single language in science , and you see the result . 
   can you also explain the biases you mention in the last part of the post . 
  i do n't understand that part . 
  if in an international congress , everybody is biased to agree with the american president or the brit pm , that 's a big problem . 
   we do need a single language during debates . 
  could be french for all i care , it 's just that i think english would perhaps be a natural choice . 
  but i know i am biased since my english is much better than my french . 
  if we really want one language , it has to be a neutral language , and for sure not the language of the most powerful and influent country of the world . 
  we could use esperanto , but i personally praise for diversity . 
   we need this primary language because the european union is an ideal and ideals only exist in language , not in the monotonous mumblings of a translator . 
  can you imagine yourself becoming enthusiastic about a speach only heard through a translator ? 
  i can not . 
  and there are much more debates going on besides the ones aided with a direct translator . 
  becoming `` enthusiastic '' about a speach because the guy is eloquent is just wrong . 
  we have to be enthusiastic about the ideas , not because of charisma . 
  and then , you ca n't imagine how biased will be your opinion if some people speaks in their native language and some others not . 
  i have to listen a lot of scientific conferences , of course all in english . 
  when i know very well the topic , the eloquence of the guy does n't matter , i 'm just interested by the ideas . 
  but when i 'm less specialized , after a lot oh hours , i become a fucking bastard that judges people on bullshits : `` oh no , a chinese , it will be boring ... '' . 
  `` oh cool , an american , i do n't understand all of this , but at least it will be entertaining and i will be enthusiastic '' . 
  `` noooo , not a boring dutch , their accent is so boring ... '' `` ah , an italian ? 
  at least it will be funny , but let 's be honest , i 'm not specialized and i ca n't take seriously this guy '' . 
   i honestly believe it could do the union so much good . 
  it requires us to give something up in order for us all to have more . 
  that in essence is the concept of the eu anyway . 
  no , politics is too important for taking the risk of biases . 
  there are massive biases that are impossible to overcome . 
  eloquency is a problem in politics because it biases our judgment on what it matters , the ideas . 
  so let 's give the most efficient way to every people to express their opinion , diversity is not so complicated to accept . 
  maybe , but austria is not even a founding state of the eu . 
  it 's one thing to have an idea ( and we can argue that napoleon had the same idea , because an united europe without monarchies and republican values was his dream ) , another to implement it . 
  monnet and schuman were the real fathers of the modern eu , and they were both french . 
  also , keep in mind that france was the only founding state with a huge political power ( winner of the ww2 , permanent seat at the security council , nuclear weapon ... ) , germany was nothing ( split in two ) and there is no doubt that this is something that could n't happen without france ( which was obsessed by having political and economical weight through the eu to face the anglosphere and russia ) . 
  nothing has really changed and i 'm surprised when i see people that are surprised by the strasbourg case . 
  of course , france is not a `` normal '' state in the eu , this is not a surprise and there are very good historical reasons for that . 
  well , when the president of france go to japan , he speaks french and nobody gives a shit . 
  it 's your choice to sacrifice your culture ( and consequently decrease your influence ) , but it 's not the strategy of the rest of the world . 
  and now that france is nearly the only real political and military power in the eu , believe me , having a good relationship and influence on african countries is in the interest of the whole eu , and is way more important than pleasing some francophobe morons . 
  we do n't give a shit about your opinion anymore  . 
  assistance ? 
  man , open a book , check a wikipedia page or something else , but come back when you really know what you 're talking about . 
  we nearly never had a foreign minister able to speak english in france and we have one of the most influential diplomatic network in the world . 
  scandinavians are anglo-centric , but it 's not the case of the rest of the world , sorry . 
  non , we need all languages allowed during the debate and the subtitled in all language . 
  why just english during the debates ? 
  to give absurd advantage to native speakers ? 
  this is pure discrimination , we have the technical ways to use every languages with instant translation , even a random tv show that invite an american actor can do that without any problems . 
  jj junker often speaks in french and it 's not a problem . 
  french did n't destroy breton ? 
  man , you 're completely out of the loop . 
  because the eu is a french idea ( robert schuman ) . 
  bruxelles was chosen because it 's francophone . 
   a diplomatic source told the telegraph : `` it 's a sign the european commission wants to play hardball . 
  he will be a tough negotiator , he is far from a soul mate for britain . 
  because britain expected a soul mate ? 
  le pen will not win . 
  even trump has more chance to win the us presidency than le pen the french presidency . 
  ok , so the plan is to undergo 5 years of uncertainty and recession in the whole eu ? 
  it can be fine for germany , it will not be fine for the rest of europe . 
  i do n't give a shit if it 's not enough , we 're talking about the little problems of a self-centered uk vs the whole eu stability . 
  it 's how wars begin , with the rise of far-right and eurosceptisim , if we see a major economic recession + uk that is fine + terrorist attacks , you can be sure that this is the end of the eu . 
  can you elaborate ? 
  the 2 years can be renewed ( so it 's 4 years ) . 
  there is absolutely no good reasons to not trigger the article 50 right now . 
   i am an english reluctant remain voter . 
  i love europe and my european friends but have always felt `` europe lite '' as i think most british do - being monoglots and sterling users poor monoglots . 
  the rest of europe makes the effort to speak your language , and we should understand your `` europe lite '' feeling ? 
  wake up guys . 
  you have no reasons for this `` europe lite '' feeling . 
  we did everything , we have spoken your language in eu institutions , gave you outrageous advantages and you 're not happy ? 
  welcome to the real world , now we 're pissed off . 
   you 've probably read posts like this frequently and for that i apologise . 
  if anything we need your sympathy not schadenfreude and your goodwill not your punitive punishments . 
  we have inflicted enough on ourselves already . 
  it was a big mistake to let you enter and c. de gaulle predicted that you will destroy the european dream . 
  now we realize how rigth he was . 
  you vetoed everything and now destabilize all the eu with your brexit . 
  and after all the shit you did , what do you want now ? 
  compassion ?
