  it 's not a matter of fairness or `` everybody spies everybody '' , it 's a matter of european interests . 
  would you let french troops in scotland after knowing that they spy your governenment ? 
  of course not , so why are you trying to tell me to let the us spy the eu just because eu does the same . 
  they 're in the eu . 
  not an excuse , there are no italian , german or spanish troops in other european countries , so please , get out . 
  they spied our governments and tried to ruin contracts of airbus . 
  this is not something we can excuse , it represents thousands of jobs ( including some of my friends ) . 
  if your friends act like that , change your friends . 
  out . 
  please out . 
  are you genuinely naive ? 
  trump will never have the balls . 
  never said that the rest of the world has been perfect , but these times i feel that americans need to hear some plain truths . 
   i like how some americans on reddit are trying to make it like it 's macron vs the united states i like how some european usa fanboys try to make it like trump is completely isolated and is absolutely not related to the rest of his country . 
  he has been elected as president . 
  usa is not just a band of cool guys from california or new york , usa is a country born on the corpses of native american killed by white people , one of the most violent , arrogant and imperialist of the world . 
  deal with it . 
   please , without the us , the eu would fall to russia . 
  especially if the eu started a trade war with us . 
  yeah yeah , repeat it again , it will probably becomes true at some point . 
   european countries have weak militaries and rely on america for support . 
  no , you say bullshit , it 's just that the eu is not willing to start a war in europe because of a non-member of the eu . 
   if they lose that then russia will have their way with them . 
  yeah yeah , continue to watch hollywood movies and call me when you have any ideas about the real world . 
   do you use intel or amd processor ? 
  nvidia or amd graphic card ? 
  something like google , youtube , facebook , twitter , netflix , watch any hollywood films ? 
  are you also flying exclusively on airbus ( not boeing ) airplanes ? 
  no gps navigation also i assume ? 
  when i have choice between two equivalent alternatives ( as in my example , for toothpaste or shampoo by example ) , i will chose something not american . 
  it does n't mean that i will stop to use everything that has an american origin , i 'm not stupid . 
   why are you so hostile to american companies ? 
  because the american companies are the reason of the power of the american government ( and then the reason why the us can shit on the rest of the world ) . 
  i understand you 're pissed off but you have to understand that this is the only way i can fight against the new us policies regarding my planet . 
  i said reduce . 
  i also want to reduce my co2 emission but will not stop to breath . 
  is it that difficult to understand ? 
  or should i really buy american shampoo to have your benediction ? 
  for fuck sake , i start to understand how trump was elected . 
  why is it stupid ? 
  the us shit on our planet since decades , first with kyoto agreement and now this . 
  if the us can do that freely , it 's because your domination is so important that you can do whatever you want without any damages . 
  i 'm fed up with that , so as a consumer i will just try to reduce as much as i can the money flow to a country that does n't share my values . 
   surely companies like redhat and intel did not contribute a line of code to that . 
  i do n't give a shit , the ony important thing is : no money to american companies . 
  american companies can still contribute freely to my os , as long as they do n't have a penny from me , i 'm fine . 
  i did n't understand your gandhi salty shit but just noticed you 're butthurt , so i guess i will just stick with that . 
   why do you post it on american reddit using american internet using american keyboard using american processor using american os using american ... etc * 1000 times ... ? 
  internet is not american , but french/swiss ( cern ) . 
   using american keyboard how do you know ? 
  i 'm not using an american keyboard right now . 
   using american os linux is not american , and i did n't use something else since decades . 
   yeah wo n't buy anything american unless it will inconvenience you well it makes sense . 
  for example , i do n't give a shit about my shampoo or toothpaste , so it will not be head and shoulders or colgate anymore . 
  because ukraine is not in the eu . 
  i will not give you lecture , please open a book or something . 
  nuclear deterrence . 
  russia has a gdp comparable to spain , the eu do n't need the us to deal with them . 
   that would start a trade war and the us pulling out of nato i could n't care less . 
  nobody trusts the usa in europe anyway ( remember , they spy our industries and governments , without trump by the way ) . 
  the whole eu + china ? 
  it was too light . 
  i want concrete sanctions . 
   one last thought , though - if we wanted those refugees to bolster up our slaveworker 's class - why would we want the east to take them ? 
  because it 's more consistent with the idea `` we 're good guys , hosting these refugees is such an effort '' . 
  it 's still not an effort long-term wise . 
   so you say we should take all the effort i genuinely do n't know if you pretend to believe that it 's an effort or not . 
  it 's not an effort , only racists and bigots believe that . 
  germany host many refugees because they have a demographic problem that condemn them to lose their dominant position in the next decades , not because `` it 's an effort and germans are super kind '' . 
   considering france has the largest francophone population , and also that english is the de facto world lingua franca , i do n't think it is fair parallel to make . 
  i just checked the demographic statistic for quora . 
  only 5.5 % of the traffic comes from the uk . 
  i agree that it 's not a perfect parallel , but it 's still relevant . 
  anglophones ( native like an american or from a non-native english speaking country ) tend to be anglophile . 
  ask to a brit , an aussie or american what he know about other countries and with who he relates the most , he will answer that it 's another english-speaking country . 
  same for frenchmen that discuss here in english , they all tend to be anglophile and have pro-american / pro-uk views . 
  imagine a brit with perfect russian or japanese , i do n't think that its view on the russia politics or japanese art will be exactly the same that other brits . 
  it 's called soft power , and yes th soft-power of all english speaking countries is fucking disproportionated compared to their real hard-power . 
  this is a fact that military-wise france is a little bit ahead of uk ( http://www.globalfirepower.com/countries-listing.asp ) , but this kind of fact is always unknown and people here can easily say that the superiority of the royal navy is not debatable event without knowing that it 's not that obvious . 
  on an french-speaking forum , would you consider the answer telling that french forces are superior as the most reliable ? 
  according to pure logic , believing the most negative answer on an english forum sounds wise . 
   this was probably always gon na be the case , in a `` de gaulle was right '' sense . 
  the uk has always been a fundamentally atlantic nation , in some ways more than it has been a european one . 
  i agree and do n't blame you for that , i just blame the former eu leaders that let you entered while knowing that despite the will of de gaulle ( that was more than right ) . 
   apologies . 
  as a soft eurosceptic ( one that voted remain , btw ) i quite liked our previous position , as it allowed us to hold back `` ever-closer union '' and still reap the economic benefits , but i can understand why this might piss off a lot of people . 
  your previous position was super good for you . 
  i was sure that most of the brit were like you , eurosceptics , but sufficiently smart to understand that they can undermine the eu by staying in while benefiting of the good part . 
  sorry for the smart brits that votes remain , but i 'm glad to have been wrong , finally the eu can become something . 
   that being said , you 'd probably be just as bad if french had accidentally become the global lingua franca . 
  sure . 
  i remember having discussions with brit that did n't understand why the other countries did not feel that the uk was willing to be part of the eu . 
  this feeling was due to a collection of factors ( not being in the eurozone , saying repeatedly that the us is a more special ally than the rest of the eu , blocking a further eu integration , refusing to at least trying to really learn another language than english ... ) , the fact that you 've never seen the uk and eu flag is just a symptom of that : brits ( politician + majority of the people ) never wanted to give birth to a strong eu , they just wanted to be part of it to undermine it . 
  this . 
  i 'm a frenchman ( with some north african and european origin ) and i hate when people tries to tell me that my skin or hair color should be more important than my french culture . 
  well , the problem is that germany has also to understand that being the economical leader of the eu does n't mean political leader . 
  it was pretty stupid to try to blame france for its economy , particularly when france tries to be the only one to ensure a military capability in the eu ( because yes , we never believed that the us or the uk will be our eternal allies , and we were fucking right . 
  germany had a very wrong vision of the eu , but i hope that they will understand that it 's not just an economical zone protected by the us . 
  the point of eu is to be a competitor of the us and china , not a tool of the former . 
   it 's important to note that even without the royal navy ( arguably the best in europe ) well not exactly .
