  according to this analysis ( 2nd answer ) , france has a better navy . 
  happy to see that germany finally understands what we tell them since decades : the anglosphere does n't want a strong eu ( and thus a strong germany or france ) , they want to keep an american domination on the world , nothing else . 
  not everything is lost , france has a real military independence , the eu just need to invest more money on this backbone and we can be really relevant on the global stage . 
  you 're wrong , many french universities speaks only french and attract a lot of foreigners ( most of the time italian , spanish , portuguese , algerian ... ) . 
  well you 're wrong , france universities work in french and they are not that bad when you compare the production in terms of articles . 
  they are culturally threatened . 
  i 'm sorry but i encountered so many dutch people that admit to be not able to speak about science in dutch ... a language not able to be used in science is de facto nearly dead . 
  of course . 
  same for american culture in general . 
  starbucks destroy the traditionnal french bistrot and mcdonald threaten our boulangerie and baguette sandwitch . 
  threatening a culture does n't require brown people , and in this aspect the anglo-saxon culture is by far the most dangerous one historically ( ask to native north american and australian about their culture ) . 
  really ? 
  i genuinely do n't know . 
  i also regret to have picked spanish and not german . 
  i seriously think that macron/merkel ( or macron/whatever dude you will elect ) should make german and french compulsory in every high schools of germany and france . 
  i 'm genuinely wondering if these two languages should not be prioritized over english . 
  well that was my feeling . 
  compared to the rest of europe ( particularly northern europe ) , france makes considerable efforts to teach modern languages that are not english . 
  we do n't have to choose between latin and a second modern language , every frenchmen have to learn at least two european languages ( english , spanish or german , more rarely italian ) . 
  the fact that 40 % of austrian just learn english + latin is just crazy stupid if we want a real eu ( even more now without uk ) . 
  now , if only germans could also learn french instead of only english ... 
  better than napoleonic france that destroyed all the monarchies of europe ? 
  cordial and warm do n't have the same meaning . 
   beauclair is pretty clearly spanish/italian . 
  are you kidding ? 
  beauclair is copy-pasted from medieval france . 
  first basically all the names are french ( beauclair means litteraly `` beautiful light '' in french , toussaint is also a french word , all the characters have french names , the food , the wine ) and absolutely all the culture-based chilvary is based on the legend of arthur , a novel written by a french ( chr\u00e9tien de troye ) . 
  you might believe that the mediterranean athmosphere looks spanish/itailen , but you forget that france is actually also a mediterranean country and has exactly the same landscapes and architecture in the south ( see provence ) . 
  it 's a mix of britanny culture ( for all the chilvary things ) and provence ( for the mediterranean athmosphere / wine ) . 
  so what is not designed after france in the witcher ? 
  because toussaint is also like really completely copy-pasted from france . 
  i strongly disagree . 
  i did my second run of the witcher 3 in polish and it was so much better than the english version . 
  seeing the characters speaking english in this slavic athmosphere just feel completely wrong for me now . 
  same for the extension blood and wine , the french dubbing just makes more sense than the others . 
  i really think that we should have more diversity in series with multiple languages used depending of the context ( like in inglorious bastards ) . 
  the dubbing in french of got is mostly very good . 
  i can even find some characters that have obvious better voices in the dubbing version than in the original one ( ned stark by example , the dubbed version is way more charismatic than the actor voice ) . 
  dubbing is pathetic for comedy shows though . 
   the rest is matter of opinion i think . 
  in wwi they helped with vital war meterials and final push . 
  why would france and britain ask for/accept us armies in europe if war was won ? 
  yeah final push , as always . 
  i ca n't believe that you really think that the us did everything and that france was an unreliable and weak ally against germany in this war , it 's a serious lack of culture . 
  but it 's not entirely your fault , this is also the result of intense propaganda , battlefield 1 being an extreme example ( and i remember when some people said at this time `` this is just a video game '' , yeah fuck , see the result ) . 
   wwii - again britain and russia could n't fight without resources from us and albeit soviets were carrying a brunt of hard fighting , us involvement was also not unsubstantial . 
  how can you even compare the contribution of the us with the contribution of russia ? 
  how can you compare food and bullets with human lives as a contribution to defeat germany ? 
  it 's not just `` a brunt of hard fighting '' when you did everything : https://www.unbelievable-facts.com/2015/05/facts-about-world-war-2.html the contribution of the us ( and the uk , in this regard ) is fucking ridiculous , they tried hard to make believe to everybody that they did everything , but raw numbers never lie , we 're not talking about interpretation here . 
  for fuck sake , even france with less than 1 year of fight ( + resistance ) have a bigger contribution than the us . 
  ww2 is essentially russia vs germany + china vs japan , the rest of the story is overestimated by our westernized perception . 
   also usa saved europe and france in particular twice in both world wars . 
  they could do nothing and sit safely behing the atlantic but they came and were dying for us fighting germans . 
  ok , i give up , you have a serious lack of history knowledge . 
  twice in both ww ? 
  are you even serious ? 
  the war was already over when they came , particularly for the ww1 ( there is no debate ) , but also for the ww2 ( russian destroyed the east front , it was already finish and the d-daywas a just a way to prevent urss to cross germany toward france ) . 
  do you really see americans fighting for lithuania , slovakia or poland ? 
  they barely know where are these countries on a map . 
  i hope it will be a no for eu integration then . 
  we have to stop the integration of these `` here but not too much '' countries . 
   not attacking while german armies were in poland , after that a very strong army , attacked on narrow front just crumbled in days , no will to fight , surrender culture - that 's not propaganda , we know the history it 's propaganda to believe that a single event ( particularly after ww1 where france is one of the countries that fought the most ) = surrender culture . 
  if you compare the number of death and days of fight of the uk or the usa during the last century , you will see that france has suffered more ( even if you just take ww2 ) . 
  anglos are very strong to portray themselves as brave fighters , but the reality is that in spite of this narrative , the numbers are clear . 
   i do n't believe france is reliable ally , politicians and public will push for `` peaceful solution '' at the cost of allies , you do n't believe that to be true ? 
   there is also nato and security thing , france has history as unreliable ally with no determination and will of fight , germany that 's complete bullshit . 
  i know that the neocon american propaganda is a huge thing ( particularly on reddit where everybody speaks english and is then more prone to believe their shit ) but please , do n't spread their propaganda . 
  france is historically the most successful country militarily and is the only country with the us and russia with a real autonomous nuclear deterrence . 
  ukraine is not in the eu , i do n't see the link . 
  the merkel 's government has clearly a lot of issues and tend to favour its own economy above everything else . 
  i hope we can change that , but it does n't mean that believing that trump is your best friend and care more about you is smart . 
  i did n't intend to target the polish people , when i said `` poland '' , it was about the current administration of poland , nothing else . 
  western europe is a headless chicken in your head based on several years of american propaganda . 
  western europe can nuke the russia as well as the us , and that 's all what it matters . 
  extending the eu to eastern europe has been historically pushed by the uk and the us to prevent a real politic union but keep the eu as a simple common market . 
  it 's sad but we 're likely to stay stuck if we do n't start a two-speed europe extremely quickly . 
  these countries will never agree for a real political union . 
  that 's fucking ridiculous . 
  that 's exactly what i said , you absolutely did n't understand the whole concept of the eu . 
  is russia attacks you , you really believe that the rest of the eu will do nothing without the us and that the us will come to save you like in an hollywood movie ? 
  man , your level of ignorance of the real world is crazy , stop to live in an american dream . 
  russia is not a big bad guy , it 's a weak country that can not stand a single second against the eu ( actually , a single one like france can wreck it alone ) . 
  that 's ridiculous paranoia . 
  russia will not attack poland because poland is in the eu . 
  poland does n't need training from the us , poland has the nuclear deterrence of france . 
  saying `` love '' does n't mean you 're right . 
  sorry , i actually do n't know the level of support of the people to the government , i just see that poland is consistently trying to break the eu lately . 
  we know it , and that 's why poland is a real danger for the eu . 
  you basically collaborate actively with a foreign state ( the us ) against the eu , you 're uk 2.0 and i hope macron will do the maximum he can do to piss you off so much that you will leave and form a club with your beloved anglo-friends . 
  every countries that did ` nt understand that the interest of another eu country has to be more favoured than the interest of a non-eu country completely missed the point . 
  the current government of poland is clearly rotten , they seem to consistently favour some us interests and try to break a real union . 
  after the uk , it 's probably the number 1 country that i would like to see out of the eu . 
  if you need treaties to understand the meaning of solidarity in an union , you did n't understand the whole concept of the eu . 
  the way you put nato on the same degree of importance than the eu explain everything . 
  make your own club with the us , trump looks like a very reliable ally . 
  coming from an inhabitant of a country that is basically a colony that eradicated the native population of a whole continent ... 
  to be honest , we mock a lot the relationship of trump and melania or sarkozy and carla bruni . 
  we often say that the guy is a disgusting old pervert or that the girl is with him because of money/power . 
  every couple with a big difference of ages is mocked in some ways . 
  it was probably a political elimination by her aunt .
