  being a super-wealthy 2nd switzerland ? 
  it 's just politically impossible . 
  if it happens , i can garantee you that even a super pro-eu guy like me will not believe in the eu anymore and will vote for france leaving the eu ( which would be the real destruction of the eu ) . 
  merkel does n't understand it right now , but if she continues to support you , the eu is finished . 
  trigger the article 50 now . 
  every day of uncertainty harm our economy , not just yours . 
  stop to cry on your own fate , your shit is also our shit right now , try to think to your neighbours once in your history and take your responsabilities . 
  we do n't want 5 years of recession because of your `` europe lite '' mental illness . 
  yeah , but in the eu there is absolutely no doubt that germany is france 1st and france is germany 1st . 
  thinking that you 're the most valuable `` best friend '' of germany and that germany will not listen to france 's opinion is wishful thinking . 
   the uk is germany 's biggest trading partner . 
  whaaaaaaaat ?!, 
  you guys are really self-centered . 
  monarchies are still states with families that have huge advantages supposedly because of a divinely ordained power . 
  religion is still symbolically linked to the power , and the enlightenment philosophy is inherently secular ( not to say anti-religious ) , and this is a feature that is even more inherent to the enlightenments that democracy . 
  actually , democracy is not really inherent to the enlightenment , it 's more about science and rationality governing a society instead of religion and faith . 
   mfw a french speaker gives an english speaker a french article to read as proof ... yeah sorry , could n't see the flair on my phone . 
  you have very convenient features in chrome ( or extension in firefox ) to translate every webpage , very useful ( there are a lot of interesting things in non-english languages on the web , i 'm more than happy to have that to browse japanese or russian content ) . 
  i choe this article because i was not sure mysel and it was the only one that recent . 
   retour en france = returns to france right ? 
  exactly . 
  yeah they have it ( see this news from 8 hours ago , in french : http://www.franceinfo.fr/emission/ils-ont-fait-l-actu/2016-ete/que-devient-l-anneau-de-jeanne-d-arc-apres-son-retour-en-france-21-07-2016-14-25 ) . 
  it seems that the queen of england supported them . 
  a lot of european countries are still monarchies , which is `` inherently '' not very pro-enlightenment . 
  in france , the park of puy du fou has been rewarded by two us `` world 's best park '' awards ( this is the second most visited park in france after disneyland paris , so it 's more than alive ) -  https://www.theguardian.com/travel/2015/may/06/puy-du-fou-theme-park-vendee-france i did n't visit it , but i guess you can see there some of the best jousting show of the world . 
  by the way , this is this park that recently bought the ring of jeanne d'arc to the british ( 376.833 euros , but not sure if it 's authentic ... ) and the visitors can see the relic . 
  a final france/england for the gold medal at the olympic games would be glorious  . 
  the comparison with bowmen was confusing , my bad . 
  `` chevalerie '' in french also does n't always imply a man on a horse . 
  it 's also a global `` spirit '' involving gallantry ( `` galanterie '' , also a french thing imported to the english after the norman invasion ) or a kind of code of conduct strongly related to the nobility . 
  if we want to refer to horse mouted combat , we say `` cavalerie '' ( cavalry in english ) . 
  but i was right when i said `` chivalry '' , because these jousting tournament were only practiced by noblemen and really refer to noble knights , not just mounted fighters . 
  all these concepts are shared by french and english because english nobility was basically french ( linguistically and culturally ) during most of the middle age . 
  originally , jousting is not even english , it 's a french invention ( which is not very surprising , chivalry was the speciality of the kingdom of france , england was more recognized for bowmen ) . 
   tournaments and jousting has been credited to a french man named godfrey de preuilly . 
  the first recorded reference of a tournament was dated in 1066 and refers to godfrey de preuilly , who is described as having invented the medieval tournament . 
  i 'm sorry , but jousting is absolutely not british . 
  http://www.medieval-life-and-times.info/medieval-knights/medieval-jousting-history.htm  tournaments and jousting has been credited to a french man named godfrey de preuilly . 
  the first recorded reference of a tournament was dated in 1066 and refers to godfrey de preuilly , who is described as having invented the medieval tournament . 
  in the same year the normans conquered the english at the battle of hastings . 
  it is well known that chivalry things are of french origin ( the word `` chivalry '' comes from `` chevalerie '' ) and that this is william the conqueror that brought it to the english . 
  you can be sure that it 's not free . 
  the us governement spy european corporations ( even with the help of german secret service ) and nobody here dare to say something . 
  the french president even violated international law to stop a plane where snowden was supposed to be ( he was not there ) . 
  yes , snowden , the guy that revealed that the nsa spy and harm our own corporations . 
  we know that the us embassy has a huge antenna on its roof in the middle of paris to spy every center of power , but we do nothing ... because we 're just their lapdog . 
  the usa buy huge influence and protect their domination with their army . 
  they provide nothing for free . 
  without france , the eu would be nearly an american colony . 
  france ca n't do everything , we realy need to invest more on a defense able to protect european interests , otherwise we 're nothing politically ( as is japan , which is huge economically , but is a political dwarf ) . 
  otherwise , the awakening will be tough . 
  nato is a good thing if we ( europeans ) are real military partners of the us , otherwise , we 're not their allies , we 're their slaves . 
  yeah yeah , french research is dying , but we should continue to pay for the prestige of your universities + give you the best brexit deal possible + all your traditional advantages without the cons + a blowjob ? 
  please , leave with a minimum of dignity , being friends does n't mean we will open our ass after your backstab . 
  i think you forget that the eu is not a single entity . 
  of course , the brexit will harm science in the eu as a whole , but not necessarily for the most powerful countries that have a lot of influence , such as france or germany . 
  i can guarantee you that brexit is an extremely good news for french scientists ( that struggled to have huge european funding partly because most of this money was given to uk universities ) . 
  uk universities attracted a lot of scientists , partly because of their reputation , but also a lot because english is the current language of science ( and every scientist can understand it ) . 
  uk was extremely favoured . 
  germany and france gave a lot of money to the european research council , but their universities could ` nt compete with british universities to harvest the investment . 
  it was a lot of frustration , french research is really difficult since most of the national funding has been redirected to european funding . 
  i ca n't imagine a single french scientist that would not praise for a complete exclusion of the uk . 
   i think switzerland 's position just got a lot stronger since the brexit vote . 
  i 'm a french scientist living and working in switzerland , and i can guarantee you that all swiss scientist are very worried . 
   swiss institutes and companies can participate in eu research projects , but the swiss state funds their participation . 
  this was arranged very quickly after the vote . 
  because applying concretely the vote will be effective in february . 
  the swiss governement will have to either not apply the vote ( limit the movement of people ) or be excluded of erc projects . 
  now that the brexit will happen , everybody in switzerland know that eu will be even stricter for that . 
  do n't dream , the situation of switzerland is extremely abnormal , this situation is finished for them and you ca n't expect to have the same thing . 
   so it is now `` a fight '' and it is ok , since no one died . 
  it 's not `` ok '' , but it 's not important either . 
  yeah but this is just bad for our tourism industry . 
  there is nothing , no death , it 's just a random fight involving a mohammed ... 
  uk sabotage of the eu is going on . 
  why france info is talking of that ? 
  why are we talking of that ? 
  why is it upvoted ? 
  seriously this is not an important fact to report . 
  it 's true . 
  i think native english speaker do n't realize that they 're not talking to europe or the rest of the world , but just a fraction of it that tends to be pro-west/pro-us . 
   the city is n't a tax haven . 
  i do n't think you know what you '' re talking about . 
  http://therules.org/campaign/city-of-london/ https://www.theguardian.com/news/2016/apr/05/london-is-a-tax-haven-much-closer-to-home, 
   why do you think london is a global financial centre and paris is n't ? 
  eu + tax haven status of the city . 
  now london will be like switzerland , just a tax haven without eu . 
   no , the major advantage of london was english language , english law , time-zone , stable government , neutral courts , massive concentration of financial and professional services and so forth . 
  cute . 
   whilst it may hurt britain more than it will hurt the eu as a whole , i find it unlikely that any country within the eea would willingly waive the advantage of tariff free trade that it has with the world 's 5th/6th largest economy , particularly one which has such a horrendous trade deficit and provides employment to so many citizens of poorer countries . 
  what you do n't understand is that all countries have to agree . 
  employment to so many citizens of poorer country ? 
  france would like to take your place . 
  5th/6th largest economy ? 
  every country except germany would like to take your place and would be happy to benefit of your decline . 
   first off , i do n't agree with the allusion to ` british empire nostalgia ' that the english supposedly have . 
  the leave voters were not about their empire , just about isolation ( and wilfully ignoring its downsides ) and a weird superiority complex within europe . 
  do you really believe that absolutely no leave voters had `` british empire nostalgia '' and absolutely all leave voters were about isolation ? 
  leave voters are not a single entity , i think many different opinions and motivations made them vote leave . 
  the french are completely right and might prevent a ww3 in europe .
