  de gaulle did n't want the uk in the eu because he knew that their interests were the interests of the us , not the interests of apowerful and united europe . 
  and sadly , he was completely right because uk promoted the integration of countries from eastern europe , which destroyed the dream of real unification and transformed the eu in a big free market and a tool for the us to control the ex-ussr . 
  now , uk is leaving , but the eu is too big , too diversified economically with too many different interests . 
   i know we are sadly far away from this kind of acting but i still have hope that we will be at some point more a family of nations and not just a trading union . 
  and yes i know not anybody feels the same way and this is absolutely fine for me , but i think we lost the bigger picture of the eu and only care about the money today . 
  there is some hope , because what you described is exactly the french ideal of the eu . 
  uk was a real pain in the ass and maybe now we can hope for more integration . 
  uk did n't want military integration because they believe more in nato than anything else . 
  this problem is gone , but there are still a lot of eastern countries that are more pro-american before being pro-eu . 
  they integrated the eu to be part of nato , not because they wanted to be the best friends of germans , french or spanish . 
  we will have to deal with this heritage . 
  one possibility could be a closer union between the core members . 
  i really hope that merkel will not dispoint us . 
  i know that german shared a lot of common values with uk and are disapointed by the brexit , but in france , behind the official speech , everybody is relieved . 
  please , do n't be tempted by a reintegration of the uk , stop austerity and neo-liberal obsessions ( ttip , by example ... ) and move forward to build a strong and independent eu that can defend its own interests in the world . 
  we 're currently a free market and a tool of the us against russia while de gaulle dreamt the eu as a powerful western alternative , right between russia ( now china ) and the us . 
  this is probably even more the case in france . 
  from a french perspective , france belongs more to the group of the south ( with italy , iberia , greece ) and germany to a northern group grouping uk+b elgium + netherlands + denmark + scandinavia . 
  we also see france as an intermediary between the north and the south ( both economically and culturally ) while we see german as an intermediary between the west and the east . 
  wrong , check the news . 
  also , france does n't count the money of drug and prostitution . 
  both countries are neck-and-neck and their exact position can change quickly depending on the change rate between euros and pounds . 
   the uk was the 2nd largest economy in europe last week . 
  not anymore . 
  the 2nd largest economy in europe is now france . 
  french are more than happy about the result of the referendum . 
  expect a more `` bad timing '' for uk from france . 
  sarkozy considers a comeback but has very little chances to win . 
  jup\u00e9 is by far the most popular of all current candidates . 
  i guess non-french has a very biased view of the popularity of lepen , she attracts a lot of media but she has absolutely no chances to win , not a single poll give her more than ~ 30 % against basically all possible opponent . 
  why are you talking about sarkozy ? 
  the candidate of the right-wing will be jup\u00e9 . 
   lepen gets elected next year and takes france out of the eu lepen ca n't be elected . 
  i want the same rules for everybody . 
  a real unification . 
  of course , ireland can be in schengen now that uk has n't got the right to veto it . 
   it would be unfair to everyone else if we chose french or german we can chose esperanto . 
  expect to have to make a choice : eu + euro or nothing . 
  to be frank , ireland , denmark and poland should also leave . 
  enought '' \u00e0 la carte '' eu , i 'm fed up with all this shit . 
  it 's time for a closer union , euro for everybody or out . 
  the world is laughing . 
  i completely agree . 
  will be difficult , sadly . 
  not sure that jupp\u00e9 is the right man an sarkozy or hollande are defenitely not godd for this ambitious task . 
  because we need a closer union , and for this , we need an identity . 
  english was already more american than european , it 's even worst now . 
  northern europe is barely involved in the eu and now france + italy + spain become something huge and are not very pro-english historically . 
  the influence of france will be bigger because its main advantage ( military ) becomes unique . 
  bruxelles is still a francophone city . 
  paris might become the new london . 
  future is uncertain , but northern europe thah pushed for english is really tiny without uk, 
  i 'm in !, 
  germany ( well , merkel ) wants it , but france will never accept it . 
  now that german are alone without the support of the uk , you can be sure that ttip is dead . 
  france is the only remaining nuclear and military power in the eu , a germany/france dispute would be a complete disaster . 
  in your wet dreams . 
  you can be sure that english will lose a significant amount of its influence in europe , just deal with it . 
  northern and eastern europe will probably tend to adopt more german while sounthern europe will tend to use more french ( + romania < 3 ) . 
  while denmark ca n't do anything to be taken seriously when talking about anything . 
  he was completely right . 
  it 's not megathreads anymore , but m\u00e9gasujets . 
  have the feeling that the napoleon 's dream become true and we will finally have an united continental europe . 
  i think it reduces the countries to 4 : italy , france , spain and portugal . 
  i can only speak for france : montpellier is a very nice city in the south of france ( mediterranean climate ) , lot of students and young people , excellent public transports , sea at 20 min but also not really far of continental climate with a very different nature . 
  this is too vague . 
  do you speak only english ? 
  do you prefer hot or cold weather ? 
  there is so much diversity here , you ask to compare apples and oranges . 
   yeah , african islands are totally `` french '' . 
  and people born on african islands are 100 % `` french '' . 
  man , you clearly do n't understand what is the french culture . 
  for us , language is everything . 
  they speak french . 
  they produce culture in french . 
  they 're our brothers . 
   last time i checked , france is in western europe check again . 
  in the real world , france is not only in western europe and is the country with the highest number of timezone in the world ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_time_zones_by_country ) . 
  this is france : http://www.cybevasion.fr/lib/cartes/dom-tom.gif payet is from r\u00e9union and is 100 % french . 
  this is france : http://www.cybevasion.fr/lib/cartes/dom-tom.gif it 's not like the virgin islands of the uk , these overseas territories are technically france . 
  the amazing goal was scored by payet , a french from r\u00e9union . 
  people there speaks french , vote for the president of the republic of france , have the same schools with the same academic programs and major exams than in european territories . 
  surprised by france being so high . 
  there is no chance in hell that france will agree to reform its economy according to the german vision . 
  this simply wo n't happen . 
  you can dream if you want , but germany will just shut up and pay for france . 
  c'mon , germany do it right now for greece , which is absolutely nothing for the survival of the eu . 
  what do you think germany will do for france , which is essential to the eu , is a permanent member of united nations of security council and is the 1st nuclear power in the eu ( 3rd worldwide ) ? 
  they will just open their ass and pay . 
  welcome to the real world . 
  france paid indirectly a shitload of money for german reconstruction . 
  for the peace . 
  the two world war have completely destroyed the demography ( for ww1 ) and the economy ( for ww2 ) of france , but we did n't ask for reimbursement to preserve the peace . 
  now , if germany does n't understand that their actual power is not legitimate and that they ca n't act selfishly , they have to know that the eu would be in danger . 
  it 's easy to bully greece , but such a behaviour would be a disaster in france . 
  french expects equality and wo n't accept any degradation of their lifestyle . 
  disobey is a cultural thing here , being too rich is shameful and cutting the head of people that abuse of their power is seen as a positive thing ( r\u00e9volution heritage ) . 
  the strike culture is not just a sterotype , and you can expect a massive mess and the complete destruction of eu if germany tries to impose its social model in france . 
   i did n't say france could n't be in the eu , just about the coin here ... france has been fucking up the 3 % rule since the beginning , that 's the biggest reason . 
  because that has been the whole point of the eu : taking the economical power of northern europe ( and more particularly , germany ) and merge it with the military and political power of france to create a super-power .
