  constitution . 
  your debate , not mine . 
  i choose the beach , you choose your own interest . 
  i 'm fine with it . 
  i only stated numbers , the rest is your invention . 
  because normal people go to the beach on a festive day . 
  and take into account that many people from other locations ( valencia , baleares , and so on ) also participated . 
  so those 1.8 million can be 1.5 million . 
  russia can go fuck themselves . 
  jordi pujol , 1800 million euro in swiss secret accounts . 
  and getting robbed , is n't it ? 
  no , they are n't . 
  population of catalu\u00f1a : 7 million people asking for independence : 1.8 million it 's still a minority ( but very loud , as always ) . 
  legally , yes it does . 
  you will get reminded in 2 years that you 're still spaniard , 
  i understood that the syrian government approved it, 
  and catalu\u00f1a is in spain last time i checked . 
  but it 's currently illegal to do it . 
  to become legal , major parties have to change the law first . 
  they support this idea ? 
  no , but that 's another problem that may change soon . 
  when a consensus is reached by the majority . 
  new parties ( not in power ) are in favour of a change , but the current government and the opposition are not . 
  something will happen after the next elections because those 2 parties are losing votes against the new ones . 
  the constitution disallow it . 
  that 's the real problem . 
  first , they must change it , and then they can make 100000 refenredums if they want . 
  what do you understand by `` tourist trap '' ? 
  no , it makes an infringement of the constitution . 
  into a big pile of shit, 
  country of the forever sad face, 
  it 's the language . 
  english is learned in almost all schools . 
  german ? 
  only on some private schools . 
  the best fish i 've ever eaten was in england . 
  not my problem , here in the southern europe ( the pigs ) we are very warm , 
  good ratio you got there . 
  rip . 
  ops , putin on your border in 3 , 2 , 1 ... 
  do you think putin will go to war with uk , germany , france , spain , italy , ... ? 
  and our ally the usa ? 
  accidentally helping ukraine, 
  why are not tv videos about all these news ? 
  austerity for the next years . 
  each country has its owns problems so applying a single economic plan to every country is just retarded . 
  some countries need expansive measures while others need austerity . 
  so simple and so difficulty for germany to understand . 
  when i was there some years ago i really liked it . 
  but i just stayed for 10 days . 
  let 's curse their insane language nobody can learn :(, 
  the uk being the bully again . 
  is this some sort of anglo tradition ? 
  sweden = usa, 
  ah like catalunya in spain, 
  sweden is a scumbag country, 
  you are drunk , go home !, 
  you mean bitches , drugs , and such ? 
  and what about the other 70-80 % ? 
  lol what a joke, 
  because corrupted politicians want more power than currently have . 
  and the catalan government will be responsible, 
  great, 
  we should send all the retired immigrants to their homes too . 
  i do n't buy your stuff , it 's too expensive for me . 
  if you are so success , leave the euro , you do n't need it . 
  money that your sons will have to pay back, 
  `` germany 's euro '' should be higher than `` europa 's euro '' , that 's why . 
  at the expenses of poorer countries . 
  thanks germany, 
  sweden has stockholm syndrome ( lolololol ), 
  exactly , in all my life ( 33 yo ) i 've never heard a joke about the portuguese . 
  cyrillic sucks, 
  let 's see how the european elections go . 
  i hope the end of bipartidism, 
  so where are my european dropbox/google counterparts ? 
  and then you will love the spaniards , 
  lol no linux support , what a joke , even dropbox works natively on linux, 
  first world problems, 
  or even worse , keep their money in the gibraltar tax heaven , 
  do you have any data on how many spaniards live in uk ? 
  i 'm curious, 
  this . 
  cheap , sunny , european country near uk, 
  excelent , that 'll teach 'em !, 
  again , i 'm speaking about spain , very poor salaries and such . 
  buying a house is cheaper than renting , simple maths . 
  if you have money ( countries like germany ) , then renting is not a problem . 
  for example an 80k euro flat will cost 333 euro/month over 20 years , while you will pay 450 euro/month all your life time . 
  `` people who are n't even in a life threatening condition '' the boy was at serious risk . 
  you do n't need an organ donation if you 're ok . 
  the problem with germans is how superior they think they are . 
  great, 
  i know galicia is lovely , i visited it 10 years ago and all i remember was great . 
  i said that because i live in the canary islands and the weather is the opposite . 
  i 'm now ready after buying some winter clothes :d i 'm moving to lendoiro or near , i think . 
  i have to work there for a few months :(, 
  majority of greeks in favour of ` gerxit ', 
  now , number of english native speakers that claim to speak other european languages well enough to hold a conversation . 
  and yet americans have to pay a high amount for health .
