middle class put putin in power , so there you go . 
  that 's what this news is about ... . 
  can we tax germans in spain for using our roads ? 
  please please !, 
  from countries with more than 10 % unemployment , for example . 
  that 's why they 're into recession ?? 
  lets be serious : germany does n't have a clue . 
  and this is the main problem of europe , germany requiring the same solution for all countries , even with such economic differencies . 
  finally france taking the role it needs . 
  put those germans to work !, 
  and that 's true . 
  uk , hitting a new low on employment rates but still demonize immigration . 
  you do n't have a problem with employment , nobody is stealing your jobs , stop being faggots . 
  keep voting putin , idiots , 
  but but but immigrants and shit !!, 
  i said it , nothing will happen . 
  i suppose that rajoy offered mas a good economic deal in the shadow . 
  nationalism is all about the money . 
  microsoft killed nokia, 
  only 1 ebola patient yet . 
  lots in quarantine , but no ebola found . 
  that 'll teach 'em !, 
  what 's wrong with france ? 
  more austerity please . 
  and that means you know only 1/10 of the languages spoken in the eu . 
  so , there are no cultural differences in the usa ? 
  it really sucks . 
  there wo n't be a united and transparent work union , never . 
  i can try hard to learn german , but what if after working in germany i have to move to france ? 
  do i have to learn another difficult language ? 
  i 'll spent my entire life learning different languages , while americans wo n't . 
  my opinion is we should make a transition to a single language for our everyday , and keep our native language for the family and friends . 
  but that takes a lot of time and several generations . 
  marhuenda has done a great job with your brain . 
  because they use it as a platform . 
  i mean , you join podemos reddit by going to http://plaza.podemos.info, 
  i 've sent several posts about it , but all got downvoted . 
  original title : `` spain , amid protests , kills dog of ebola-infected nurse '' you suck , op . 
  with the lack of studies on animals we ca n't take that risk . 
  would you let him lick your daughter 's hand ? 
  every day , lots of healty dogs are euthanized in every dog home . 
  this poor dog is even in worse condition as he may have ebola in his blood . 
  more reasons to euthanize him . 
  this virus is really deadly , do you want an outbreak in europe ? 
  for two times he has n't exposed his relations with the oil industry in the parliament . 
  he has business located in the french west indies . 
  he has petrol business in ceuta . 
  very obscure man . 
  the euro , without a common economic system , is just bad . 
  it 's good only for germany . 
  that graph is a joke . 
  ca\u00f1ete is a corrupt politician and got a 9 . 
  also , he had an aggresive hearing where he had to explain a lot of bad things . 
  sorry europe . 
  i do n't get why is this happening . 
  i mean , why are we confrontated ? 
  top 5 : * canary islands ( es ) * \u00cele de france ( fr ) * catalu\u00f1a ( es ) * illes balears ( es ) * jadranska hrvatska ( hr ), 
  julian assange seal of approve . 
  i hope so , i hate playing ( and losing ) against them . 
  it 's only one trip . 
  you can do it too !, 
  paris    barcelona ( imho ), 
  yep, 
  downvoted because of football, 
  brainwashed, 
  more than half catalonians do n't want independence at all . 
  that 's why . 
  it 's a loud minority that always use the extortion to get economic benefits . 
  ca n't wait to see artur mas rotting in prison ( and pujol !!! ), 
  exactly . 
  it 's pure economic egoism , it 's not about sentiments . 
  no , it was n't rhetoric , it was retardness, 
  it 's a controlled sand dumping . 
  check the yellow wire coming from the beach . 
  it has an electric valve it seems . 
  i 'm sorry catalu\u00f1a ( lol ), 
  nope, 
  my bets are the gbp hitting 0.8 eur by the monday, 
  but but but it 's because of immigrants !!, 
  your view is wrong . 
  spain is still spain , a member . 
  catalu\u00f1a would be a new country in the world , and it does n't appear in any eu paper . 
  if i had a 1 billion euros in my account , paying 75 % would be my last concern . 
  such educated population and still the most retard country, 
  spain wo n't let scotland rejoin the eu, 
  the same for any other european country . 
  we have to stop this shit . 
  what i see is that northern europe is really right-winged , while southern europe is more leftish . 
  they are sold to money . 
  that 's why . 
  they are not humans anymore . 
  those are greedy bastards . 
  they have 1 billion euros in their accounts and still they say taxes are high . 
  it 's called stupidity . 
  this is why we need to have a single rule for all the countries . 
  and fuck those rich assholes . 
  independence referendum = politicians can speak of other things, 
  the problem is the language . 
  i often end up in a german online store with no translation ( to english at least ) . 
  so in the end i buy from uk ( eu ) or us ( 30 % discount ),
