part of the problem is that many of those involved are german with turkish/kurdish roots . 
  it shows that they are not fully integrated . 
  i heard elsass ? ... who said elsass ? 
  if you 're calvinist , that 's part of the commandments . 
  most calvinist churches i know do n't even have a cross in them . 
  if you 're catholic ... let gold and images rain !, 
  hahaha . 
  nothing to see here , guys . 
  it 's not possible to assume how many people born by muslims will stay muslim . 
  additionally the biggest fear is that the culture will change . 
  studies show that thd majority of muslims , at least in germany , are accepting and supporting the current judicial system and the values of the german system . 
  you 're not starting a discussion here . 
  you just posted a populist graphic . 
  may i ask how op thinks the future of europe will look like ? 
  are you aware that `` islamification '' is an extremely biased word for such statistics ? 
  he made a very good comment in this post . 
  and he has very good points . 
  i 'm already a minority now , so why should i care ? 
  that may be true , but the small differences are the tricky part . 
  like the articles , they are complicated . 
  * all * the countries ? 
  looking at you , france . 
  do n't worry !, 
  you 'll get into it . 
  * jealous sigh * italy ... 
  for me reading ( simple ) dutch is quite easy . 
  i 'm speaking german , english and east frisian platt . 
  it 's especially cringey when you 're supposed to speak at least understandable english . 
  our ex-foreign minister speaks bad english , our minister for international development speaks a really bad english and the former governor of one of our states speaks a really really bad english and now he works for the eu . 
  please tell me they 're dutch , not frisian ... 
  germany has 4 national minorities , of which 3 have political parties ( frisians , sorbs , danish , sinti and roma ) . 
  the political party of the danes and frisians are member in the government of the state schleswig-holstein . 
  scottish nationalists are usually monarchists ? 
  viktor orban , hungary . 
  got it , that makes sense . 
  i do n't have that much knowledge about the situation , but why is n't kosovo joining albania then ? 
  he did n't say that . 
  that 's true , you are right . 
  it was just a thought by me . 
  if he is an ethnic kurd , he could feel resposible for protecting the kurdish people . 
  i know , it 's a great thing to do , as well as f\u00d6j . 
  but i 'm wondering if there are that many people who do that . 
  [ not ] ( https://youtu.be/hjl-cdpdp9g ) with that [ attitude ] ( https://youtu.be/q5fdbgjl_6s ), 
  it does n't necessarily release funds , there were estimations that a professional army costs even more than a conscription army because of the need of recruitment . 
  i have no numbers about the situation right now and i would be glad to have some that show the opposite . 
  as i mentioned in a previous comment , the loss zivildienst is definitely a important factor . 
  in both cases the duty was also some kind of marketing scheme . 
  it was a short glimpse into jobs not many people would volunteer to do . 
  we had a highly trained army when we had conscription , too . 
  that 's no argument against conscription . 
  i fo n't question democracy here and i 'm aware that the majority was against conscription and imo it was a mistake , mostly because of 2 reasons : 1 . 
  the loss of the advertising effect . 
  many conscripted soldiers chose to stay in the bundeswehr after 9 months because they experienced it as a good option for their career . 
  the loss of `` zivildienstleistende '' . 
  hospitals , senior homes etc. 
  had to cope with the loss of many workers . 
  in this case the advertising effect is important , too . 
  the 1st one is a troop sign , not a medal . 
  it represents the `` feldj\u00e4ger '' ( military police ) . 
  the bundeswehr includes prussian traditions in their heritage . 
  i 'm dying ... 
  he abolished the prescription . 
  facing a manpower shortage now , that was n't his best idea . 
  edit : i got your sarcasm . 
  just wanted to point out a major mistake he made . 
  ah , thank you . 
  today i learned . 
  very unlikely , usually the bundeswehr avoids connections with the wehrmacht , because the bundeswehr is based on a different military tradition . 
  basically what germany needs : not von der leyen as secretary of defense . 
  i mean her ideas are n't bad . 
  a better family situation for soldiers is necessary . 
  without such things the bundeswehr wo n't be able to attract young people anymore . 
  but i think she has the wrong focus sometimes , especially since it was known before her term that many weapon systems are in bad shape . 
  i was also under the impression that the leopard 2 is n't really `` outdated '' . 
  but sure , it 's a good thing to be one step ahead . 
  i just want to mention the problems the bundeswehr faces with keeping the current equipment in good shape . 
  i 'm afraid a significant raise of the military budget is needed . 
  i think we agree that a drunk guy in camouflage with a chainsaw and a gun most likely does n't know that there is no eu president . 
  good questions . 
  as it seems , they will be convicted under civil law ( [ guardian ] ( http://www.theguardian.com/world/2015/may/18/russian-soldiers-ukraine-trial-terrorism-charges ) ) . 
  in fact , compared to other countries , the eu has a very good lobby control , which is very strict ( compared to countries like germany , uk and the us ) . 
  i do n't know , we would want a working government , right ? 
  / just kidding, 
  it 's basically the eu backed operation the dutch take part in to sink pirate ships in somalia . 
  i will hope with you , fellow european . 
  i always catch myself reading the first part of your answer until i reach a word i do n't understand , just to realize : `` ah , yeah . 
  it 's french . '', 
  then i start reading the italic part of your answer . 
  the best thing about berlin 's fashion is : if you live there for longer than a few months , you wo n't be surprised anymore . 
  i once saw a guy in a transparent raincoat with just boxershorts and a top hat . 
  i was just surprised about the top hat . 
  the dutch are part of atalanta , right ? 
  i mean that 's an eu operation , so it has eu backing . 
  there is nothing like a `` typical '' german city since there are very different cultures everywhere . 
  hamburg is as german as munich , but they are very different architecturally , historically and culturally . 
  i think it would be kind of essential to have current maps about that . 
  i mean you live there . 
  obviously you would n't go somewhere near a place which is said to be mined , but still . 
  i mean they can believe what they want , but the rip-off industry is the really annoying thing . 
  `` call this hotline to be consulted by some bloke who can talk to angels . '',
