  haha , i love your description of western tourists trying to `` experience '' spiritualism in an `` exotic '' place , while the native just hates the traffic near the ashram . 
  i 'm curious how somebody from india would experience a church in europe :-), 
  it 's not because it 's public knowledge in germany that she was a member in the communist youth organisation fdj ... as nearly every teenager was back then . 
  / u/tainttickling linked a daily mail article ( not what someone would call a reliable source ) with a picture of her doing a very common thing for every teenager in the gdr . 
  no surprise there . 
  i mean it would be a good start if the eu would support moldova more . 
  there was a comparison to the reunification of germany before . 
  that was a relatively surprising moment and the east german economy was shit , especially because of the systemic differences . 
  if possible , those problems should be avoided in this case . 
   germans are germans oh , tell that to the bavarians ...  the government sends the army to help the people no , that happens in germany as well , but i think that 's not exactly your point . 
  i do n't think that concept is worth the hussle just to vin eurovision . 
  with speakers on full volume ? 
  * somewhere in a scottish library * `` riiiiiiiiise of the phoenixxxxx ! '', 
  no , i 'm east frisian , i speak a language that sounds similar to nedersaksisch in groninger land . 
  euronews dubs over , that 's a good solution imo, 
  saterfrisian . 
  about 900 speakers . 
  i do n't know , but the guy you knew sounds like an ass . 
  i did n't see them , but the original swedish `` the girl with the dragon tattoo '' are said to be very good . 
  to be honest , the german dubs are n't necessarily bad . 
  if you fully understand the original language , you should watch a movie in the original language to get the full picture . 
  but if you do n't fully understand the original language , the german dub is usually a good alternative . 
  it 's very professional . 
  / thread edit : no , actually not . 
  this thread is about gay marriage , not about berlusconi ... 
  that 's true and it 's a shame . 
  i was wrong to simplify it . 
  i just wanted to mention that there are several openly gay politicians in europe . 
  `` married '' was simplified . 
  he is in a registered partnership . 
  you just get the good ones as it seems . 
   is the situation the same in your country ? 
  i have the same feeling for german tv . 
  there is always the claim that the german movie industry is n't `` brave '' enough to produce something new . 
  the companies know that romantic comedies work , so they take the motifs ( ? ), 
  of popular us-american movies and make a new script of it , taking place in germany . 
  bad example : `` starbuck '' ( 2011 ) . 
  there is a german movie called `` super-dad '' ( 2015 ) . 
  plot : guy who hates kids is informed that his donated sperm resulted in 99 kids . 
  wow . 
  there are some smaller tv stations who are brave enough to try something . 
  `` der tatortreiniger '' is such an example , a mini-series about a crime scene cleaner who gets into some really really weird situations . 
  honestly , if you understand german and like crazy ( not slapsticky ) humour , you will love it . 
  you did some work , we appreciate that . 
  but / u/skleronom is kind of right ... 
  germany 's ex-foreign minister is gay as well and got married . 
  frisian in germany here . 
  we are an ethnic minority ( ethnic as in different culture , different language [ partly ] , different traditions ... ) . 
  but we 're not a different `` race '' than germans , are we ? 
  i mean the definition of race is kind of fucked up in itself . 
  i think he meant the jewish ghettos installed by the nazi regime . 
  yup . 
  * sigh *, 
  and it 's cheaper . 
  oh , we 're talking about norway . 
  nevermind then . 
  the baltics are nato members , of course every nato member would follow . 
  that 's why russia would never attack the baltics . 
  well , we have one ... 
  i did n't mean any public television is made to please just elder citizens . 
  but the zdf kind of is ( although they have some non-elder-citizens shows as well ) . 
  there are a bunch of private channels like pro7 , sat .1 , rtl , vox , rtl ii , tele 5 ... many crappy shows , some good ones . 
  zdf is public television , we have it to please our elder citizens . 
  never forget your roots , a splash of moldovan in every language ;-), 
  german , east frisian dialect , english , a little bit of russiand and latin . 
  always go with the universal interfrisian name `` harm '' . 
  yup , the languages are pretty close . 
  but to be honest ... deep in your heart you are frisian , too ;-) . 
  quotes on reddit usually look like  this i did n't quote you , i just used the colloquial term for such a party . 
  from what i read her parents were labour supporters before . 
  do n't know if she comes from a struggling family , but it does n't sound as if she comes from a wealthy family . 
  so yes , she may relate better to struggling families . 
  the snp is not such a `` starter party '' , they existed for a long time now and have a strong base . 
  additionally , they have many seats in the scottish parliament , so they know how to get candidates . 
  / u/trucidator is right , it was a nice speech . 
  she studies political science , so she is n't unaware of politics . 
  plaid cymru should work together with the snp , the are already both in the efa . 
  it 's fuckin ' beautiful ... 
  man momentaan leev ik in berlin . 
  ( never learned to write it , so there might be mistakes in it ) haha , i have no idea why the cup ears are so small . 
  it 's tradition , i assume . 
  with a little bit of training it 's easy to hold them . 
  index finger and thumb are squeezing the ear , while the index fingers supports the ear from below . 
  by the way : your love of striking came over to germany . 
  at the moment big parts of the national railway and some child care workers are striking . 
  no government ? 
  you 're every libertarian 's wet dream . 
  it 's not just tea . 
  it 's the juice of life !, 
  a majority for sinn fein would be funny . 
  the whole parliament doing nothing . 
  drink some frisian tea , it 's stronger . 
  you might need it . 
  such a progressive coalition would mean much more power for wales and scotland . 
  well , they still think their numbers are okay , that 's good . 
  after all the `` dutch '' frisians and us , the `` german '' frisians are brothers ;-), 
  in german it would be something like `` verfickte schei\u00dfe '' = `` fucked shit '', 
  * wonderful . 
  ( repost from / r/militarystories ) this story may not be as exciting as other stories on here . 
  no afghanistan , somalia or iraq .
