  you can endanger people by not knowing the rules of driving a car . 
  you can endanger people by voting for , let 's say , a nationalistic or racist party , too . 
  if they come to power , they could establish rules that discriminates some people . 
  in many countries there are rules that try to prevent parties like that being relevant ( 5 % obstacle , not being able to change certain parts of the constitution , majority voting system ... ) . 
   the questions would n't be obscure things like what you said . 
  i do n't doubt that if you were in charge , you would make those questions simple , but not too simple . 
  but you ca n't assure that for all the time . 
  furthermore , many uneducated persons are from `` lower classes '' . 
  often they do n't go to college because they do n't have the resources to . 
  there is no equality in education . 
  so these tests would discriminate those groups . 
  i 'm not saying it 's not possible to gather knowledge to pass that test without a college degree . 
  but statistically , more people with a higher income would vote than people with a lower income . 
   i was referring to the uneducated in politics that vote for fun . 
  the have all the right to `` vote for fun '' . 
  if they are voting for a satire party , they have all the right to do that to criticize the government/the system/the parties . 
  besides that , / u/trucidator is correct : could a person with down 's syndrome be educated to solve a basic voting test ? 
  most likely not ( although there are different `` levels '' of disability ) . 
  would it cut that person 's democratic rights ? 
  absolutely . 
  he/she is a member of the society and is affected by politics . 
  so she should be able to vote . 
   how is this a breach of democracy ? 
  in a perfect democracy , everyone has the right to vote ( every citizen ) . 
  it 's already a `` breach of democracy '' to establish a minimum age . 
  a test like that could easily be changed to change the turn out of the vote . 
  you could ask questions like : `` what is the parliament called ? '', 
  or you could ask questions like : `` who is the president of the country 's general court ? '', 
  not many people know the answer to the second question . 
  luxembourg got nothing, 
  haha , thanks for your insight !, 
  they are like the legion estrange in france . 
  the weird guys that walk with a different pace than all the others . 
  sinti and roma are a minority , too . 
  but 3 out of 4 : you 're better than the average german , i think ;-) . 
  they seem to be critizising anyone but the finnish act . 
  yes . 
  sorry , should have mentioned that . 
  [ you know wrong regarding the protestant position towards homosexuality . ], 
  ( http://ekd.de/homosexualitaet/index.html ) they support the improvement of the legal situation for homosexuals . 
  i understand you do n't mean it bad . 
  a church is not a sect . 
  there are rules , but those rules are not enforced by any other than yourself . 
  so you are free to do whatever you want while being in a church . 
  how other members of the church see your behaviour is a different question . 
   and of course there is still a major fight waiting in some parts of germany if you demand your kids are tought in a classroom without a corpse on the wall . 
  that 's not really a specific atheist/agnostic vs. religious topic . 
  that 's more of a conservative catholics vs. everybody else . 
   there should be no middle ground as we are seeing nowadays , at least not when you belong to a certain ` flock ' . 
  i do n't think anyone should have a saying in what a person believes . 
  you could go to the mosque every friday and still consider yourself a christian . 
  although churches are communities , the member are n't uniform . 
  there are no problems for atheists or agnostics in germany . 
  in fact , the majority of the east german population is atheist . 
  nah , the first couple was a [ different one ] ( http://spiegel.de/wirtschaft/a-1024028.html ) . 
  another couple did it before . 
  even a ad can be touching , / u/slappymcnutface . 
  are you saving for months to get drunk ? 
  o_o it 's not even seen as a bakery in germany . 
  there was . 
  however , compared to the interfrisian council flag the groep fan auwerk-flag represents one frisia rather than a `` mixture '' of different frisias . 
  so from a symbolical perspective , that flag is better . 
  another point of criticism from some east frisians : the groep fan auwerk is a separatist organisation . 
  those east frisians feel `` german '' , so they wo n't adapt a flag made by a separatist organisation . 
  you mean the one from the groep fan auwerk ? 
  at first i did n't like it because i missed the darker east frisian colors . 
  but blue is in it , so i like it now . 
  but it 's very much a political statement , that 's why the interfrisian council voted for a different , ugly one . 
  you weird western brothers drink coffee . 
  we east frisians have one of the highest tea consumptions worldwide . 
  ( i know , i have the wrong flair , but either that or a german flair , because / r/europe has no east frisian flair ), 
  frisians object : assam and ceylon . 
  we drink tea , not colored water with fruit flavor . 
   also , she told me that in the usa , you dont usually use stairs , because buildings have some kind of machine that can carry people to the upper floors . 
  built by thyssen-krupp . 
  definitely . 
  but in football ? 
  bruno was n't up to no good . 
  maybe you were there 4 years too early , in 2014 there were quite some celebrations . 
  but regarding the flags : the culture is just different and yes , it 's partly because of our history . 
  waving flags is seen as nationalistic and too patriotic . 
  you will see some german flags on flagpoles , mostly in rural areas , but there are still more regional flags or flags of football teams . 
  it 's not necessarily a conscious decision to not wave flags . 
  after a period full of swastikas , eagles and uniforms it felt just wrong to show many national symbols . 
  that shaped the culture and the minds of future generations . 
  the world cup 2006 was seen as a `` revival '' of german patriotism . 
  a big party together with other nations , celebrating a sports event . 
  that changed the flag culture in regards of sport events ( you see more flags ) , but it did n't change the general flag culture that much . 
   one moment you 're visiting berlin 's historical landmarks , the reichstag , the wall , brandenburg gate , the next moment you 're in a shady nightclub . 
  yup , that 's berlin in a nutshell . 
  they have gouda , you have some cheese i ca n't pronounce . 
  the president works there , but he does n't live there . 
  he lives in [ dahlem ] ( http://www.tagesspiegel.de/images/bundespr-dpa/6259228/2-format43.jpg ) . 
  [ awesome rabbit ] ( http://funees.com/wp-content/uploads/2010/06/rabbit-fashion-06.jpg ), 
  some things like the rye bread and the chocolate are n't too bad . 
  the hartkekse however ... 
  alex salmond ? 
  to be fair , many efa-parties do n't like their respective government . 
  haha , i like how croatia is part of all that . 
  he 's one of them ...
