  could be in lower saxony as well . 
  okay . 
  so ... would it be possible to build bacteria with super powers ? 
  wow . 
  `` hey , let 's name it after one of the many tribes there . '', 
  `` what about the saxons ? 
  the french chose the allemannic , let 's take the saxons ! '', 
  does that have any practical purpose ? 
  you may have answered to the wrong comment ... 
  yeah !, 
  fuck plants !, 
  haha , i know . 
  i just wanted to say the german name ;-), 
  dollart ;-) . 
  but yes . 
  are n't many countries made out of several countries ? 
  germany is , too . 
  how much is chocolate ? 
  there were territorial disputes between germany and the netherlands regarding fishing areas until recently . 
  maybe that would be the best thing to do for greece . 
  building big solar energy fields . 
  then rome . 
  woah , woah . 
  scotland , see that ? 
  either with the french or we wo n't come . 
  that 's our only demand . 
  `` i 'm 1/4 irish and 1/2 english ! '', 
  it 's called the `` dragoon ride '' , a pr campaign to show support for the eastern european countries . 
  it 's like saying : `` if russia invades , we will be there . '', 
  the countries in question are the baltic countries , poland , czech republic , romania , slovakia . 
  all of them are members of the eu . 
  if there would be a war ( highly unlikely ) , there is no question the other eu members would help . 
  so , las vegas it is . 
  * guys , it 's las vegas !, 
  we would wave eu and nato flags all the way . 
  driving over time square , having a chat with the president at the white house , parading over the strip in las vegas ... of course we would n't visit detroit , we are not stupid . 
  ah , thank you for the information !, 
  somali flag , paint a few red stripes on it and you 're good to go . 
  in germany there are n't special school busses , but the intercity busses often are adjusted to arrive at the school at time . 
  you have to consider that ( as far as i know ) there is a more dense public transport network in europe compared to the us ( i may be wrong about that ) . 
  that 's a really really cute bus . 
  you 're right , they could have waved any cloth with stripes and stars . 
  it basically is a pr-thing , yes . 
  i would suggest european forces driving through the us . 
  that would be fun :-), 
  as / u/ivanow mentioned , solar panels are very subsidized in germany . 
  it 's a longterm investment . 
  i talked to somebody with solar panels on his roof , he said they take about 5-10 years to break even . 
  so ... . you 're better off being a unskiled cleaner in denmark , living in flensburg than being a u.s. staff sergeant ? ... . . do n't tell that to / r/murica, 
  you are totally right . 
  nobody wants a bigger army . 
  but considering the state of our militaries , we need at least a modernized army . 
  it does n't even have to be that expensive , the eu members just have to coordinate . 
  uk has good fleet , focus on that . 
  france has a good air force , poland has ... . sorry , i do n't really know , but i am sure you are good at something . 
  that way there will be focused spending which results in a modern army at ( relatively ) low costs . 
  that 's not that surprising . 
  at first you elected bush twice . 
  who had a very bad image in germany . 
  after that you elected obama ( very good image in germany ) ... and the nsa spied on us . 
  which is a bit bad for the relationship of allies . 
  and the day after tomorrow the world !!!!!, 
  no , actually germany . 
  i think . 
  they still got brussels . 
  maybe we should write out a czech for russia to stay away . 
  he 's definitely czeching those apcs out . 
  haha !, 
  yeah , that was a tour of apcs from the baltic states to germany . 
  frisia would be independent , of course ;-), 
  you need the challenge , huh ? 
  you know schwyzerd\u00fctsch ? 
  it 's the same in germany . 
  but most likely that has to do with our history ... 
  the csu -_-, 
  with our military ? 
  maybe some kind of combined european tax police force would be a good solution . 
  ( i 'm not an expert on these things , so something like that may exist already ) either that or we invade switzerland . 
  it 's just an idea ... . 
  i could n't complain . 
  air does n't need much kick to be penetrated . 
  i only had the g36 . 
  it does n't kick at all , it 's even more easy to handle than a p8 . 
  ca n't talk about reliability , i did n't shoot that much . 
  those english longbowmen really were amazing ... 
  * temporarily recall the sent letters . 
  well , the idea seemd to be that everyone has a talent . 
  for example : you do n't need advanced mathematics to be a good historian . 
  so there is no need to learn advanced math if you can proof thst you have knowledge in other fields . 
  they want a strong leader . 
  they see putin as strong . 
  according to hollande , most probably not . 
  i 'm not sure if familiar ties are that important in international politics . 
  maybe because the usa is n't a big topic in serbia . 
  the question is when it will join the eu . 
  that conversation is weird , / u/darian66 / u/souihunter, 
  renewable energy law ? 
  give greece some reddit gold !, 
  tony blair seems to be consultant for the serbian government now . 
  good for pointing that out !,
