  just basic training in the german air force . 
  which is pretty relaxing compared to german army or pioneer training , but for a guy fresh out of school who had to do it ( mandatory service in germany back then ) , it was pretty hard . 
  one thing that 's a bit special about the german military : compared to other militaries , i would say there is a extremely high inhibition level when it comes to shooting . 
  we were always told not to shoot unless somebody shot at us . 
  so , we did all the normal stuff : shooting range , marching , working out . 
  the highlight was a 3-day-training on one of the biggest drill grounds in germany . 
  when we arrived there , we were stunned . 
  they had a pretty big fort there , with four watchtowers and a small gatehouse . 
  our whole regiment was there , but in this fort there was only our platoon . 
  three squads of dumb `` flieger '' ( airman basic ) . 
  during the three days we had a schedule . 
  one squad went on patrol in the surrounding area , one squad manned the gatehouse and the watchtowers and one squad was responsible for radio communiation was on guard in the hq ( some containers and tents in the middle of the fort ) . 
  my squad was on patrol the first day and we met the actors who played as well the villagers and the terrorists . 
  of course it was our task to find out who was peaceful and who was a terrorist . 
  the actors were just some airmen first class and senior airmen from our regiment , so it was fun for them to mess with us . 
  we knew that the whole training would n't be much fun ... late in the evening of the second day i was on guard at the hq , the 2nd squad was on guard at the gatehouse and manned the watchtowers . 
  at the gatehouse the squad had set up a machine gun , manned by a senior airman ( he was the only one who was allowed to fire it ) . 
  the squad leader went into the hq to have a briefing with our platoon leader and i could see she was just bored because nothing happened . 
  she was one of the toughest squad leaders and i was always happy not to be in her squad . 
  so she was just in the hq when suddenly we heard 2 or 3 gunshots outside of the fort . 
  silence . 
  the squad leader stormed out of the hq and screamed at the top of her lungs : `` what the fuck happ ... '' she could n't even finish her sentence , when the trigger-happy airman with the machine gun started firing blanks . 
  he did n't stop until the squad leader reached the gatehouse . 
  she looked around and screamed : `` what did you see ? '', 
  `` nothing , i just thought ... '' she turned to the other squad members and asked : `` why did n't you shoot ? '', 
  `` we saw nothing ... '' so she was in the funny situation to bawl out the senior airman because he just shot at nothing and to bawl out the other squad members for just standing there and doing nothing . 
  `` hm ... any ideas for a symb ... '' `` put a huge fucking bird on it !! '', 
  the donetsk flag is pretty close to the [ east frisian flag ] ( http://www.genealogy.net/vereine/famfo-esens/images/flagge-ostfriesland-gross.png ), 
  you could ask germany for ulm ... 
  maybe the same way business works between other cultures , too ? 
  i mean the european union is a thing , despite different cultures . 
  no , it 's just ... france is better at striking . 
  much much better . 
  no , we can make up a word for everything ;-), 
  what 's the difference between the grundgesetz and a real consti ... fuck , now i start to argue with someone like that . 
  it 's a nice neologism , to be honest . 
  `` bundeskanzlerin '' is obvious and `` d\u00e4mmerung '' means dusk/twilight . 
  it means that merkel might have to go . 
  yes , but with the country 's budget . 
  what if i was some kind of far relative to the family of oranje-nassau ? 
  you 're joking ? 
  hello boss !, 
  greetings from germany !, 
  hey , you have the same problem i have . 
  our flag is not available . 
  what are the alternatives ? 
  german generals ? 
  we are kind of limited in that area . 
  also naming ships , trains and planes after regiond and cities is traditional in germany . 
  every lufthansa plane and every deutsche bahn train is named after a city or region . 
  calm down ... now tell us what you like about / u/large _ butt . 
  `` but yeltsin signed it ! '', 
  `` he was drunk . '', 
  `` but ... yeah , actually that 's not that unlikely . '', 
  soldiers in the ukraine . 
  it 's a fucking noise and smoke machine . 
  :-d compared to jets like the eurofighter it 's a brick with a diesel engine . 
  but it 's very very good looking . 
  nothing against them , just wanted to give a comparison . 
  you have a language nobody understands ... no , that does n't help . 
  germany had phantom f4 until 2013 . 
  `` stasi '' often has a political implication and is mostly used for `` the government '' spying on the citizens . 
  in this case `` just '' the bnd was spying on citizens and companies and ... i misread your comment . 
  yes , it would cause much more agitation in the mind of the average german . 
  maybe you could compare his sources with your sources . 
  well , you 're still better in latin than i am :-d . i was just confused by the `` j '' . 
  the eu is paid by the member states . 
  it 's like the un in some ways . 
  but it 's not just `` another government '' . 
  the eu is an institution that promotes peace and unity in europe . 
  i love you too !, 
  he is n't really busy for all we know . 
   jam ? 
  how about just the flag ? 
  it 's a good logo , but considering there are no new elements in it , 700k would be faaaar too much . 
  there will maybe be better diplomatic relations between turkey and armenia . 
  exaggeration . 
  therefore the '' '' . 
  username checks out . 
  that is as controversial as it 's wrong . 
  `` europe is a gunpowder barrel . '', 
  `` you 're right , let 's allow everyone to have guns . '', 
  you 're talking about germany . 
  we do n't like each other so much that we basically love each other so much that we do n't like each other . 
  `` okay , okay . 
  it was a long working day . 
  just act as if you did n't see anything . '', 
  `` sorry sir , did you see three zebras coming by ? '', 
  `` n. . . n. . . no ?! '', 
  that may be correct , but krankenwagen is more regularly used . 
  it 's the colloquial version of krankenwagen and rettungswagen . 
  they can have it . 
  i expected frisian . 
  there is a difference . 
  liberland has soil . 
  there are osce observers in ukraine right now . 
   well , and for punching her in the face , too . 
  i 'm glad you pointed that out . 
   so by following your logic we should n't have a test for getting a driver 's license because that would be a breach of democracy and freedom . 
  that 's not correct .
