  on the other hand russian grammar is a little closer to the norm than polish , but it 's still very similar . 
  the most differences is in pronounciation and spelling changes . 
  for example base form of a verb in polish ends with '' - i\u0107 '' , in ukainian with '' - it '' . 
  slavic languages have a concept of `` self '' postfix for some verbs - words that you can only do to yourself ( like imagine - you ca n't imagine to someone ) , so they have `` si\u0119 '' added in polish , and '' - sja '' in ukrainian . 
  adjectives in female form in polish often end with '' - ska '' , and in russian with '' - skaja '' . 
  where polish have `` g '' sound ukrainians often have weird sound between `` h '' and `` g '' , where polish have `` rz '' ukrainian have `` r '' . 
  it 's very regular , and easy to guess for slavic speakers once you see a few examples . 
  try to cough . 
  right , english messing with my head . 
  i always wondered why they have a letter for the word `` piss '' , 
  sz = sh cz = ch y = ( sth like i but different ) polshchizna, 
  yup . 
  lol . 
  apparently you - after all you clicked on the thread and even posted a comment . 
  good for eu , bad for russia and european nationalists . 
  ozon hole is a success story . 
  after the ban it started shrinking . 
   pis is one of the most pro-eu parties in poland . 
  yeah , and the ones that are less pro-eu are ? 
  i do n't think so . 
  that leaves korwin and other < 5 % parties . 
  there was no anti-eu protest in poland greater than 1000 people . 
  it was built novadays . 
  it 's atrocious . 
  it was less liberal than the laws it replaced in many areas . 
  it 's the usual useless arguing about definitions . 
  what is a constitution ? 
  in polish-lithuanian commonwealth big law acts were called konstytucja , and there were many before the one from 3rd may . 
  also , there were priviledges given by kings that all future kings had to sign to become elected - many of them very progressive and liberal for the time , some were even restricted by the 3rd may constitution . 
  for example neminem captivabimus ( basically habeas corpus analog ) in 1430 , and religious freedoms more liberal than anything in that time in https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/warsaw_confederation in 1573 . 
  but they were separate laws accumulated through centuries , and did n't conerned the whole government system and did n't formed hierarchy of law sources . 
  also before 3rd may constitution there was no 3-way division of powers in poland like in modern constitutions . 
  from that pov i 'd say corsican constitution is a better example we can argue was first `` modern '' european constitution than magna carta . 
  but it 's debatable , and `` first european modern constitution '' is a little like `` first person to climb mont everest on 13th day of a month '' kind of record  in any case in poland the constitution is n't celebrated because of what it contained , but because it was basically an uprising against russia and an attempt to regaind real independence after century of slow decline . 
  saying that sth was not perfect ! = shitting on it . 
  poland was already done . 
  since 1700 or so . 
  agricultural innovation in the west meant polish grain was less valuable . 
  many wars cut down population of peasants ( especially swedish deluge did a number on them ) , meaning poland was even more broke . 
  political influences of magnates and ( to lesser degree ) liberum veto meant it could not increase taxes to try and regain independence ( and in any case it would most probably not work - russia gained too much power already at our expanse ) . 
  since around 1700 polish king had to ask russian governor for permission to pass any law . 
  not formally , but in practice it worked that way . 
  when russia did n't liked some of our kings - they changed them . 
  poniatowski was russian-made king , and a russian mistake , because he was supposed to be helping them subdue poland , and instead he played for time and tried to create polish culture strong enough to survive in the meantime . 
  there was not a time since 1700 when we had no knife on our neck . 
  it was inevitable slow political assimilation , all 3rd may constitution did was speed it up and make it formal and violent , and in exchange it was a creation myth for modern polish state and inspiration for preserving the culture . 
  i 'm not 100 % sure but i think it was worth it . 
  i doubt poland would 've survived so long if there was no 3rd may constitution . 
  and church was n't united on that ( staszic was a priest after all , even if he liked secular life , sex and parties more  ) , but majority of hierarchy simply betrayed poland - and did so for priviledges from russia . 
  it 's established fact , that 's why they hanged them . 
  i do n't know about south , but it certainly is n't cultural in central/eastern europe . 
  people stay with parents because they have no money to live on their own . 
  this is basically unemployment graph . 
  fun fact - conservatives ( hetman party ) , and church were opposed to the constitution . 
  it was liberals ( familia ) who passed it . 
  look it up , and compare modern conservatives and church atitudes  church even holds a special mass each year to celebrate 3rd may , and pis calls its liberal opposition `` targowica '' despite targowica treason was a conservative hetman opposition to liberals and their constitution . 
  politics is funny like that . 
  `` puszcza '' in polish is `` jungle '' . 
  it 's meant to show how middle east people feel about europeans drawing them the borders in the way they did . 
  they are patriots in the same way golden dawn are patriots . 
  they think the problem with hitler is that he killed poles as well . 
  they use ss insignia , hail-hitler , and pre-war antisemitic symbolics . 
  they call their opponents jews and leftists , and want poland to be ethcnically homogenous . 
  they are a marginal movement , but with support from part of current government , because they anti-eu and anti-refuges rethorics are similar . 
  whatever , no point in arguing about definitions . 
  the point is - onr is the bad kind ( poland for poles , hang the leftists , jews go away , you get the point ) . 
  onr whole point before war was antisemitism . 
  yup . 
  it 's the same bullshit as kolbe being saint . 
  he organized antisemitic press for his whole career , was indirectly responsible for deaths of jews and violence against them , then he was put in death camp by germans and gave away his life ( probably he 'd still die in the camp , but whatever ) in exchange of some jew and suddenly he 's a saint . 
  fuck these guys . 
  they only pretend when they have to . 
  you do n't get to wear ss insignia and say you 're not nazi . 
  nashi are pretty much putin-jugend, 
  yup , the real problem is n't onr existence , it 's the fact that current government is supporting them on many points ( nationalist symbolism , anti-eu propaganda , calling everybody they do n't like `` leftist '' and asking to jail them ) , and the public opinion is shifting their way . 
  they were participating in violence , but only beating people , not murdering them afaik . 
  white power ? 
  check . 
  check . 
  check . 
  want uniform ethnicaly country ? 
  check . 
  use violence and fear campaigns against enemies they accuse of being `` jewish '' ? 
  check . 
  how are they not nazi ? 
  spreading totalitarian ideology is illegal both communism and nazism . 
  they are pretending they are not fascist . 
  pis is courting them last few years . 
  see the whole `` cursed soldiers '' propaganda and anti-eu rethoric . 
  just ban reading . 
  will make everything easier for you . 
  and vice versa . 
  czech is hilarious . 
  i know you meant sth else , but look at this map of cancerous benzopiren in air : http://x3.wykop.pl/cdn/c3201142/comment_bsmm5qagtq4pux6ccuf0gywmazxjubzt,w400.jpg i 'd say we 're the smokers with cancer in near future , not them . 
   it 's not about the f *** money guys . 
  leave eu then . 
  only you wo n't because it ( eu membership ) is about money for you . 
   i do n't see why women being majority in some fields means they should n't have more equal representation in others . 
  it 's just derailing the issue of there not being enough women in engineering . 
  if too much men in cs is bad then too much women in biologt is bad .
