  they had to land with no engines . 
  2008 - president kaczy\u0144ski tried to force pilot to land presidential plane in georgia in tiblisi during russian-georgian war , when fighting was going on near the airfield . 
  pilot declined and was criticized publicly for that later . 
  2010 - smole\u0144sk crash - after arguing between pm and president who decides and prepares flights - president kaczy\u0144ski took over preparation of the flight to smole\u0144sk . 
  they went too late and the conditions were bad . 
  the pilot was persuaded to land in bad weather conditions on airport not prepared for operation in such conditions . 
  previous plane had luck and landed anyway . 
  this plane - nope . 
  over 100 people killed , mostly politicians and generals , inclusing president and his wife . 
  2016 - polish president had a small crash on a motorway after presidential car tire punctured while going very fast . 
  the tire was supposed to be changed much more often than it was . 
  the security agency had budget cuts shortly before 2016 - government plane returning from london was too heavy to start . 
  nobody wanted to leave the plane . 
  pilot said he wo n't fly untill someone leaves . 
  after a few hours they decided who stays for the next flight . 
  btw - on that plane there was pm , vice-pm , foreign ministry , ministry of defence , internal matters ministry , and military leader of the army . 
  on one fucking plane . 
  after smole\u0144sk ... 2016 - pm escort paprticipated in small crash in israel . 
  one car of the escort had to break quickly and other car of escort crashed into it . 
  pm car was n't directly participating but it was in the same column . 
  only small injuries . 
  2017 - ministry of defence macierewicz escort had a car crash on motorway . 
  they were going too fast . 
  macierewicz had no injuries . 
  2017 - szyd\u0142o participated in a car crash , her car this time was hit , and she went to hospital . 
  they were overtaking on a crossing , with light signals but no sound signals , and going over twqice the speed limit . 
  this is going to end with another catastrophe . 
  it 's stupid . 
  and some government media already say it 's conspiracy ... how fucking stupid you can be ... 
  to be honest 2.5 % of the city protesting is pretty big . 
  could also be beskid niski , \u015al\u0105ski , or \u017bywiecki . 
  well , obviously . 
  i meant `` what would need to happen '' . 
  that means 50.8 % of polish electricity production has to be switched in 13 years . 
  it will be hard , but i 'm not against it , if we 'll get help to do that . 
  recent smog problems clearly indicate something needs to be done . 
  unfortunately current government is sucking up to miners trade unions , and last year intorduced a bill that stopped all wind turbines investments in poland ( they require wind turbines to be installed so far from people homes that it basically ca n't be build anywhere  ) . 
  no new installations were approved since the bill passed . 
  previously wind power was growing fast in northern poland ... and now pis also suspended the plan to build a nuclear power plant ... 
  it sometimes seems they are trying everything to hurt poland . 
  scared of people getting the wrong ideas ? 
  you should be , 
  roman-christian civilization was based on slavery for centuries . 
  it grew out of that . 
  it was focused on violent conquest as a way to covert people . 
  it grew out of that . 
  it thought making paintings and monuments is a sin and destroyed them , even fought a few wars about that . 
  grew out of that as well ( and changed 10 commandements to solve the issue ) . 
  it burned books and tortured heretics . 
  no more . 
  it adapted to evolution and modern science - slowly accepting more and more parts of bible as metaphorical . 
  lgbt rights are an insignificant detail compared to all these changes . 
  church will adapt . 
  and in the meantime civilized world becomes more and more atheistic ( even countries like poland ) , so even if church wo n't change - it will stop being relevant . 
  ca n't wait for that moment . 
  and church going hand in hand with politicians , forcing their beliefs on other citizens , hiding sexuals scandals , stealing taxpayers ' money , just being pain in the ass in general - only causes this to come about faster . 
  last time church was a positive force in europe was in 1989 . 
  it still consumes fruits of that in some countries , but this wo n't work for much longer . 
  disgraceful . 
  there were 2 . 
  the last one , and one in 1975 . http://news.bbc.co.uk/onthisday/hi/dates/stories/june/6/newsid_2499000/2499297.stm, 
  putin will draw , and let trump colour the map . 
  see , almost like the brexit referendums , 
  yup . 
  it can be targeted for usa and similar countries only ( if you 're country forces you to disobey eu law when operating on eu territory - you have to have separate legal entity based in eu to do so ) . 
  i 'm not speaking about all regulations . 
  i thought it 's obvious we 're talking about labour law and taxation ( see title ) . 
  that being said - dangerous pesticieds would probably still be a net benefit in many places in africa . 
  meanwhile polish ads had english or sometimes german language in them since forever and nobody complained . 
  apparently ukrainian is different . 
  btw even if they are learning polish ( and most are ) - why should n't they be able to understand ads about such first-need stuff like cellphones until they learn polish ? 
   do you want the second wo\u0142y\u0144 ? 
  no and that 's why we should appreciate people instead of hating them for no reason . 
  history is no reason . 
  the problem with socialist regulations in developing countries is - they make these countries less competitive , so they slow down growth , so these countries ca n't catch up with the developed world . 
  and eventually they run out of money and people are even worse than if there was no regulations . 
  meanwhile globalization made literally billions of people all over the world much better off than their parents with no socialist regulations to speak of . 
  i understand the appeal of regulations in rich western democracies , but they are not the solution for poor countries . 
  http://static.wirtualnemedia.pl/media/images/2013/images/szyldy%20chaos%202.jpg http://artmuseum.pl/public/upload/photo/0638_0406/wwb4_rotudna_700px.jpg http://www.rp.pl/storyimage/rp/20160621/pcd/306219991/ar/0/ar-306219991.jpg&amp;maxw=980&amp;imageversion=maintopic1 also pis . 
  but pis will be gone eventually . 
  somehow i thought you 're talking about poland untill i reread it and it 's `` russophilia '' actually , 
  well , that 's how you rocket jump . 
  colonies were n't usually profitable . 
  i mean they were profitable for the private companies that did the exploiting , but not for the countries occupying them . 
  it 's like with big banks - profits go to small group of people , risks are managed by public money . 
  just the risks are uprising , epidemy , starvation , securing trade routes , etc when it comes to colonies . 
  as long as you can have reliable supply of resources without the need to occupy colonies - it makes no sense to continue to occupy them . 
  that 's why during ww2 people fought for africa so hard , and a few years later everybody just let it go . 
  commonwealth present  `` luty [ mr\u00f3z ] '' means `` freezing [ cold ] '' btw . 
  cze\u015b\u0107 has like 90 % of the hard to pronoune sounds in polish , 
  if you expect majority of country to participate in a demonstration before you accept that 's how most people feel - then you 're being stupid . 
  rather compare how much people participated in counterdemonstrations , if there even were any . 
  as for `` being used '' - for fucks sake , that 's the most used excuse by any government that becomes unpopular . 
  solidarity was called `` foreign manipulation '' . 
  acta protests were called so . 
  anti-pis protests were caalled so . 
  anti-po protests were called so . 
  in the end either people agree or not . 
  if they do - government has nobody to blame but themselves . 
  the funniest thing is - they mostly ignore the rules ( after making unconstutitional changes in the constutitionl tribunl ) - they elected their own chairman and she immediately broken these new rules ( as well as the old ones ) .
