  poland lost 17 % of 1939 population . 
  germany lost 8 % . 
  poland had fighting on its land in 1939 , 1941 , and 1944-45 . 
  germany only in 1945 . 
  drezno was razed to the ground , but so was warsaw . 
  germany was divided afterwards . 
  poland was given to soviets . 
  i really do n't want to have this conversation , i agree ww2 is n't related to greek crisis , but do check your facts before posting . 
  thanks . 
  what 's he saying ? 
  economicaly leftist . 
  socially conservative right-wing . 
  seemed like a good idea , but now we have to explain him to everybody : /, 
  he was in anticommunist opposition , even in prison in 80s . 
  he was in polish parliament after first free elections . 
  he was the person putting lustration to vote ( all state workers and politicians that during communism worked for secret service were to be publicised ) . 
  that was very popular move , but half of the politicians were postcommunist and had ties so they opposed this viciously . 
  it 's downward from there . 
  he was extremist right-wing libertarian already , and went only more extremist since . 
  his election motto from nineties : `` and on the trees instead of leaves there will be hangin ' communists '' . 
  at the time it was much easier to be in parliament in poland - we even had `` polish beer lovers party '' there  later poland introduced 5 % minimal support threshold for a party to enter parliament , and korwin never managed to achieve that level since . 
  so he remained a publicist and bloger for 20 years . 
  mostly ignored by everybody . 
  he thinks women are inherently worse at math and such stuff than men ( but better at psychology ) , that eu is communist so it should be disbanded , that poland should be a monarchy , because democracy is `` rule of the dumb crowd '' , that hitler was bad ( and was a communist , just like tusk ) , but had some good ideas . 
  oh , and he does n't believe in global warming . 
  he loves to make controversial statements . 
  for example he dismissed `` special olympics '' saying that there is no `` dumb people chess championships '' , or `` low people basketball finals '' or sth like that . 
  he created and was subsequently thrown out of a few parties ( upr , and knp if i remember correctly ) . 
  he is anti-lgbt , anti-democracy , pro-free market , his international ideas are quite similar to putin and xixth century politicians , and he even supported putin recently ( which made korwin even less popular in poland ) . 
  there 's this conspiracy theory that he was assigned in 90s the task of appealing to right-wing-extremist , and then making incredibly dumb statements so that their movement is discredited . 
  if so - he 's very good at that  every time his party has good polls he says sth incredibly stupid . 
  he has big support among young right-wing `` rebel '' kids , but usually by the time they have voting rights only + - 1 % percent vote for him . 
  his success in last europarlament elections ( 7.2 % ) was a huge suprise , but in later presidential and regional elections it 's again the usual + - 1 % . 
  the rebel voters moved on to kukiz i guess . 
  i do n't watch , but it 's certainly his style . 
  he 's a zyrinovski-farage hybrid . 
  should just use twitch , 
  remaining true to yourself despite obstacles is an achievement . 
  pride is ok . 
  contempt is bad . 
  it 's not ? 
  european identity is n't any better than muslim identity , or polish identity or upper silesian identity . 
  or identifying as homosexual , or transsexual , a nerd , goth , emo , or whatever . 
  people identify with different things and they have right to do it , as long as they do n't hurt others . 
  some people have bad associations with patriotism because of nationalism , but that 's their problem . 
  is it ok to be proud of being gay ? 
  yeah , i meant ukrainian-speaking ukrainians . 
  if they give more money from eu to eastern europe we 're ee , no doubts . 
  tbh a pole after a week in ukraine can communicate with ukrainians no problem , and it works the other way too . 
  wrong grammar and funny accent , but it works . 
  i knew which one without checking . 
  young libertards vote him , then they grow up ( my experience as well  ) . 
  somehow he got enough votes to be in europarlament , but this wo n't repeat . 
  being a law maker is a lot like being a computer programmer . 
  you know how to write software/law , you just do n't know what it should do . 
  to write a good software you need domain knowledge , it does n't suffice to have analytics telling you what to write - you must understand it to implement it . 
  the same is true for law makers - it does n't suffice to know people who know how stuff works and to ask them about specific details . 
  you must understand the domain before writing a law conerning that domain . 
  and politicians usually skip that part , so law is written by lobbyst . 
  faith - no . 
  not accepting established scientific facts , like evolution - yes . 
  well for most of the time covered there was no germany . 
  still no sense in putting imperial germany and russia in 1400-1600 maps . 
  russia - with canada . 
  it was . 
  even sth like 22 % . 
  i guess it 's eurostat data , they count differently , it 's always a little lower . 
  never heard about using lead pipes for plumbing in poland . 
  only in roman empire . 
  on the other hand i 've heard about aluminium or copper pipes and it 's supposedly not too great for drinking water either ( depending on the details ) . 
  but i 've also heard when we entered eu we had to adjust our law and changed limit form 0,1 mg cu/litr to 2 , o mg/litr so we 're not the worst in that respect . 
  anyway - much easier to control plumbing than bottled water . 
  bottled water you have to control constantly , and plumbing only from time to time . 
  this is the `` as cheap a possible '' brand btw . 
  you can just as well drink tap water  buy sth with '' - anka '' in name . 
  poland : demographic crisis mode . 
  2 working-age people per 1 retired person ( as opposed to 4 now ) . 
  retirement fund defaulted , or pays so little it might as well . 
  people manage because housing is much cheaper , or because imigration . 
  i think immigration is more probable . 
  people are much wealthier than now because 35 years of accumulation of capital . 
  growth only slowed in last 10 years , so probably we will have around 85-90 % of eu average salaries/gdp per capita , etc. 
  no unemployement to speak of ( because demography ) . 
  actualy there probably will be shortage of skilled labour . 
  poland stopped being homogenous country - there 's significant ( few million strong ) ukrainian minority , and some smaller ones . 
  some sort of economic partnership with ukraine if they have n't entered eu yet . 
  at the very least sth like kaliningrad-gda\u0144sk `` small near-border-movement '' , but probably just free movement of people betwen poland and ukraine . 
  overall poland will be much more involved in eastern matters than now . 
  it will be on our eastern border that most interesting stuff happens , both good ( unlikely ) and bad . 
  btw we will spend a lot on army . 
  maybe even 3 % gdp . 
  if euro survived we adopted it eventually around 2020-2025 . 
  society is significantly less religious , but still around 50 % of registered catholics . 
  we probably had radical right-wing government at some point in these 35 years , and it was obviously a complete disaster . 
  i hope they had no 2/3 majority so their damage was limited . 
   compared to only 12 % of latvians supporting putin 's regime `` only '' ? 
  this will be fixed shortly . 
  i wrote eu because listing all the countries not recognizing these would take a long time . 
  another example : russia does n't recognize kosovo but it is n't at war with it ( yet ) . 
  it 's common occurence in politics .
