  great views , even if other mountains in poland are much higher , bieszczady are the most pretty . 
  recently they got popular and there 's a lot of tourists on some trails , so if you want less people - to the west there are beskid niski mountains - even smaller , and almost completely unknown for tourists . 
  these lands were inhabited by \u0141emko and bojko minorities , but communists expelled most of them after ww2 . 
  there 's a lot of destroyed villages in the forests , forgotten cemetaries , wooden orthodox churches , and very few people . 
  it 's great . 
  prices should be very affordable , with toru\u0144 being the most expansive , but still ok . beskid niski is ridiculously cheap , i 've been camping in beskid niski mountains for 2 weeks and spent less than 300 pln ( 100 usd ) a few years ago - there are student campings every dozen km or so . 
  if you have tent you can spend night there for sth like 2 usd , and students usually make a campfire with guitars and signing every night . 
  it 's great . 
  photos from the prettiest cities in poland ( skip warsaw , krak\u00f3w , gda\u0144sk , wroc\u0142aw , zakopane if you want to avoid tons of tourists and high prices ) http://www.skyscrapercity.com/showthread.php?t=1507998, 
  i know it 's a joke ( quite good btw ) , but i 'm planning to go see l'viv this summer . 
  it 's been always a great city , and now it 's so cheap . 
  komorowski was conservative too . 
  just slightly less conservative . 
  thee are at least 4 different divisions , that are confused by most people , and all influence economy and politics differently : - mostly farming land with a few big cities vs mostly medium and small cities - big population density ( south poland ) vs small population density ( north poland ) . 
  did you know that in north poland there 's only 1 powerplant ? 
  all the rest ( dozens of them ) are in south poland because of much higher population density . 
  that explains mazury and szczecin awful economic growth . 
  very important fact , completely ignored because it do n't confirm poland a - poland b division . 
  - german partition vs russian vs austrian partition - iind polish republic territory vs pre-ww2 german territory they have common parts , but it 's significantly less than 100 % . 
  people usually confuse these , and use stereotypes based on some truth about one division for the other divisions . 
  look up unemlpoyment in poland regions since 1989 . 
  you will be surprised . 
  if you call it a fact - show sources . 
  otherwise you just repeat stereotypes . 
  thanks . 
  gdp per capita growth as a percentage of average polish gdp per capita growth , 2000-2012 . http://x3.cdn03.imgwykop.pl/c3201142/comment_d36j8lweq87ilpjsn08atdtk0zwxzfpy,w400.jpg unemployment in poland , 2014 , according to http://www.egospodarka.pl/107553,bezrobocie-w-polsce-ii-2014,1,39,1.html  at the end of february 2014 the highest unemployment rate in poland was found in voivodeships : warmi\u0144sko-mazurskie ( 22,3 % ) ( german before ww2 ) , kujawsko-pomorskie ( 18,8 % ) ( german parition ) , zachodniopomorskie ( 18,5 % ) ( german before ww2 ) , \u015awi\u0119tokrzyskie ( 17,1 % ) ( russina/austrian parition ) , podkarpackie ( 16,9 % ) ( austrian/russian partition ) and lubuskie ( 16,3 % ) ( german partition/german before ww2 ) . 
   the lowest unemployment rates in the country were found in : wielkopolskie ( 10,0 % ) ( german partition ) , mazowieckie ( 11,4 % ) ( russian partition ) , \u015al\u0105skie ( 11,7 % ) ( german partition/german before ww2 ) and ma\u0142opolskie ( 12,1 % ) ( austrian partition ) . 
  please do n't repeat sterotypes without confirming them first . 
  thanks . 
  this bullshit is exactly why i hate the poland a - poland b division , despite it having some explanation power for polish politics . 
  it makes people believe all sort of falsehoods just because it seems `` obvious '' . 
  show map that confirms poland a is better - everybody pontificate that it 's obvious and accept it without asking . 
  show a map that contradicts it - everybody ignore the map , or say it 's `` just one example '' . 
  and the worst thing is - politicians use these stereotypes in political propaganda . 
   why ca n't we get a socialist/social liberal party the likes of the scandinavian ones ? 
  because church ... 
  they voted for po a few times , until po went bonkers with acta . 
  if by `` stark '' you mean 5 % difference . 
  and if you ignore outliers . 
  because it 's some truth + a lot of bullshit and it 's abused for political propaganda by both pis and po . 
  example of misconceptions : - poland a is supposed to be german partition , but south eastern poland ( mazury region ) were eastern prussia before ww2 - so - german , and yet they are even less wealthy and have bigger unemployment than eastern regions from russian partition ( lubelskie , podkarpackie ) - krak\u00f3w and nearby region is relatively rich , yet they vote pis usually , and are grouped with poland b ( because they were n't german parition , but austrian ) - but this depends - north western poland ( szczecin region ) were german before ww2 as well , yet they are on similar economic level with lubelskie , and have bigger unemployment so in fact the wealthiest parts of poland are regions with warsaw , krak\u00f3w , wroc\u0142aw , pozna\u0144 , gda\u0144sk , katowice - if you look at map it 's more correct to call them `` central poland '' than `` western poland '' , and it covers mostly western regions of pre-ww2 poland . 
  parts that were german between ww1 and ww2 tend to be poor ( except wroc\u0142aw ) . 
  on the other hand political differences mostly do follow german vs russian + austrian partition borders , but it 's just a difference between percentage of people living in countryside vs living in big cities in each region . 
  politicians from po use this misconception to persuade people that `` only poor uneducated farmers vote pis - you are surely not one of them '' , politicians from pis use it to persuade people `` po is for the rich and arogant people , regular poles vote pis '' . 
  both of these are bullshit . 
  also po has much better pr outside of poland than in poland in last few years , right now most of my friends in warsaw vote pis : /, 
  these are wheeled . 
  do n't work well with tracked vehicles like tanks or heavy artillery ( because they ca n't move through same terrain with same speed , and sometimes at all ) . 
  edit : i 've missed the fact that this new apc will be wheeled as well . 
  yeah it does n't make sense . 
  i think it 's meant for poland ( and export ) , not for germany . 
  poland and quite a few other countries of former warsaw pact have tons of bmp-1 and similar obsolete soviet apcs and they quickly get too old to continue to use them . 
  duda ca n't do this , it 's literaly impossible for president to change tax law . 
  seems like every it project i ever worked on . 
  same reason navy is useless . 
  order of the flaming rose caught them ? 
  by won i meant `` got almost equal amount of votes with pis '' . 
  they were unimportant party before , they did huge fptp propaganda campaign , got popular , and were 1st or 2nd ever since in every elections . 
  but yeah , my bad , should have been more precise . 
   ah an ukrainian ...  in ten years your country will still worth nothing and he will never get all the lala candies they dream with maiden  and your neck will still be under russians boots . 
   that seems fair for me  i upvoted you because i want this comment to be visible . 
  you are a great example of russian attitude to neighbors . 
  i just do n't think petru is even a solution . 
  who will vote him ? 
  i expect another few years of pis , and then maybe something new will be created . 
  it 's a symbol of broken promises basicaly . 
  po won the first elections with propaganda for fptp , gathered a few millions signatures on the petition ( it allows you to request a referendum ) , then after they won elections they ignored the matter altogether for 8 years , and destroyed these signatures instead of doing the promised referendum . 
  kukiz ( the guy that got 20 % in 1st round presidential elections out of the blue ) was active in the movement against po that started because they destroyed these signatures . 
  po in the meantime gained many enemies , as all ruling parties eventually do . 
  i do n't know if people even want fptp , most do n't care , they just hate po at this point , ( and pis , to lesser degree ) . 
  i guess pis , po and psl would n't mind . 
  it would basicaly guarantee them to be the only parties in parliament forever . 
  especially psl would benefit - they have small amount of voters , but in countryside they would win many districts . 
  it 's just that neither of these parties could propose such change to voting law - they would be bashed to death by smaller parties ( and rightly so ) . 
  here comes kukiz . 
  dumb on so many levels . 
  this is very bad voting system ( as seen in uk ) . 
  worse than what we currently have . 
  this is messing with fundamental rules of our country ( voting system ) for short-term popularity gain by komorowski in presidential elections 3 . 
  this wo n't help komorowski anyway - most people voted kukiz because he was n't komorowski , not because he advocated single member district voting . 
  they will vote duda out of spite anyway 4 . 
  komorowski pushes away his voters using demagogy let 's get it over with , po is lost case it seems , if they make such mistakes . 
  they can show the russian soldiers captured by ukrainians , and have these russians confirm their officers were trying to kill them . 
  still could be forced , but better than nothing . 
  why not `` i '' etc ? 
  people are posting conjunctions and prepositions from other languages . 
  longest : konstantynopolita\u0144czykowianeczka - it 's a high-degree diminuitive for `` a little female citizen of constantinopol '' . 
  theorethicaly you could add further diminuitives , for example `` konstantynopolita\u0144czykowianiunieczka '' , but it gets absurd at this point anyway . 
  shortest ( do n't map 1:1 with english translations ) : z ( with ) / w ( in ) / i ( and ) / a ( but ) / o ( about ) / u ( in somebody 's place ) edit : http://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/36gu3p/whats_the_longest_word_in_your_language_and_whats/crdvlvq is longer . 
  it 's bigger than many financial sectors that had bailouts . 
  and it had quite strict controlling institutions since nineties . 
  stricter than what was introduced after 2008 in eu . 
  i 'm not saying eu must implement polish banking law , it may choose other countries , or a mix , or just go into that direction . 
  right now banking sector has disproportionate influence over politics in the biggest eu countries , it spoils the law , privatizes profits , but when the bust inveitably comes it hurts taxpayers . 
  article that agrees with me regarding oversized financial sectors in some countries of eu : https://www.ecb.europa.eu/press/key/date/2014/html/sp140902.en.html, 
  but it 's not about `` not having a financial sector at all '' poland has ok financial sector , with 25 % of banks domestic and 75 % foreign , and it had no bailouts . 
   the countries that did n't need bailouts are basically the countries without a financial sector . 
  and if that makes them better off why do we need huge banking sector again ? 
  a few weeks ago there was a report on correlation between growth and financial sector development posted here . 
  there 's a sweet spot , and after you achieve that - the bigger financial sector gets - the worse the influence of financial sector on economy .
