  also europe is most certainly bad in starcraft2 . 
  in 90s poland switched from russian as a main taught foreign language to english . 
  there were a lot of problems , and we imported a lot of english teachers ( i 've had one from ukraine  ) . 
  but 25 years later most young poles know english . 
  it 's not that hard . 
  that 's the plan when the \u015awinouj\u015bcie terminal is ready . 
  poland is already building connection to slovakia . 
   other members of the security council of the un are always at odds with russia 's common diplomacy maybe because russian diplomacy wants protectorates all around russia , and in modern world people do n't want to take this shit any more . 
  so , let 's assume putin gets baltic states , then warsaw after 2 months of fighting , while nato mobilize , and then sues for peace , and threatens nuclear war if people reject . 
  what now ? 
  because if it was a strategic game that 's what i would do . 
  we used a lot of french components ( for example sagem parts in our pt-91 tanks - the ones we exported to malaysia ) . 
  we will buy medium range sam missiles for missile defence program in a few years and french aster were one of the candidates . 
  we will buy submarines shortly , too , and french producer takes part in the negotiations . 
  we also buy helicopters for army , but i think it 's already decided . 
  long-term it 's stupid on french part because right now poland and eastern european countries will be the states buying the most weapons in eu , and france alienates them for quick bucks from russia . 
  it was better ( had better radar and aa integrated missiles ) than the competition . 
  it was also possible to easily integrate it with jaasm stealth air-to-ground missiles easily ( we bought them recently ) and with other modern missiles . 
  with gripen it would be a lot harder . 
  the vice-minister was just attacking opposition , like politicians always do , using everything available , f-16 were a big change for polish army , and they were playing it safe ( proverbial dusting off the airstrip , checking everything with mechanics when there 's any probability something 's not working ok ) . 
  this is because of political reasons , not because f-16 is any worse or less reliable than what we used previously ( su-21 and mig-29 ) . 
  in fact f-16 we use are much more reliable than the old mig-29 , but the ( then ) pro-opposition newspaper attacked them ( and by-proxy the politicians responsible ) as less reliable basing this on army plaing it safe with new airplane type . 
  ps look at recent swiss comparison of f-16 vs gripen to see which one is better , 
  we have 247 leopards ( 2a4 and 2a5 ) , 272 polish pt-91 ( t-72 upgrade ) and 232 t-72 in working condition ( additionally over 250 is stored in warehouses ) . 
  even just counting leopards we have more than germany  we do n't need more tanks . 
  you participate in 2 ongoing negotiations with our army . 
  polish pt-91 tanks have sagem stabilization system and fire control system in some parts . 
  there were a lot of cooperation . 
  it was russophobia then , 
   ) so what are you going to do about it ? 
  not buying any weapons from you in future . 
  like the submarines we will buy in a few years - there were german and french offers ( and a few more i do n't remember ) . 
  i really do n't think we should choose french ones . 
  then ( in 5-10 years ) we plan to buy medium and long range anti-air missiles . 
  aster missiles are french i believe ? 
  it is one of the candidates for the effectors of our national missile defence . 
  we made this error ( of buying without political considerations ) once recently with israel - we bought some drones from israel , and then they sold russians source code to that same model . 
  not worth it in the long term even if it 's cheaper in the short term . 
  so , in conclusion - you will lose a client , it 's not free money , and in the long term you may lose more than you win . 
  child crusades ? 
  good intentions , but the implementation is incredibly dumb . 
  it actually decreases security , because people learn to click these warnings to make them disappear without reading . 
  it seems whoever invented this have n't got a clue what cookie was , or that every single page in the internet uses it and everybody either know this already or does n't care . 
  every country could increase its stats if it throw out the worst 10 % according to that statistic . 
  i like ian banks , my favorit book he wrote is the algebraist . 
  the medieval ( renneisance ) writer was jan kochanowski . 
  all polish kids have to read him  btw if you like short stories and weird science-fiction i highly recommend stanis\u0142aw lem 's `` the cyberiad '' http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/the_cyberiad, 
  no corruption , real roads without holes , better economy in the long run ? 
  `` ferdydurke '' by witold gombrowicz is a much better book than anything by sienkiewicz . 
  regarding `` the witcher '' cycle by andrzej sapkowski - i 'd recommend `` the last wish '' short stories collection specifically . 
   where was your 1956 ? 
  you mean this ? 
  http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/pozna%c5%84_1956_protests more : http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/anti-communist_resistance_in_poland, 
  wow , you wanted to become backward and poor and the west saved you against your will ? 
  why would you be hangover after drinking beer ? 
  you 're supposed to drink 2-3 at the evening , not tilll you drop . 
  he was swedish  ok , half-swedish . 
  dzier\u017cy\u0144ski was the pole that killed the most russians . 
  fuel-air bombs are at least 6 imho . 
  they are the best you can do without nukes . 
  it would be nice to put `` last defaulted x years ago '' on the map as well . 
  debt is accumulated and new countries ( and countries that defaulted recently ) have less debt . 
  germans admited their crimes and said sorry . 
  russians admited some of their crimes for a few years ( jelcyn ) , then denied everything . 
  recently they even say ww2 was not fault of hitler or stalin , but it was all the fault of poland  also germany have n't annexed anybody recently . 
  poland can into space . 
  i pay mostly with debit card and my bank has website that shows incomes and expenses per month per category ( it automaticaly assign categories to transactions lik food/clothds/fuel / phone/rent ) . 
  it even has graphs end budgeting tools . 
  i got used to it and it 's much more convenient than managing money by hand . 
  i pay mostly with debit card and my bank has website that shows incomes and expenses per month per category ( it automaticaly assign categories to transactions lik food/clothds/fuel / phone/rent ) . 
  it even has graphs end budgeting tools . 
  i got used to it and it 's much more convenient than managing money by hand . 
  why ? 
  no because there 's no reason , there was no historical period supporting that ( in fact lublin was polish capital 2 times ) , nobody wants independence , and in case it somehow happened we would need to spend a lot on army because russia , belarus and ukraine . 
  poland is as monolithic culturally as it gets in europe . 
  only if they turn into 20 + city-states again . 
  you can go through lubin and d\u0119blin as well . 
  actually kie\u0142 basa , so a tooth of a bass singer , 
  i do n't think that counts as being in warsaw . 
  if it does we can be in moscow in 30 minutes . 
  they ruled whole russia from moscow , it was n't worth the conversion of w\u0142adys\u0142aw 4 to orthodoxy though , so they were left there by our state . 
  anyway , we 're in eu and nato now and you ca n't do anything . 
  meanwhile russia is slowly but steadily sliding into another economic collapse . 
  good luck finding investors after you default another time . 
  how many defaults in last 30 years ? 
  i lost count . 
   no one managed to conquer russia except mongols . 
  and poles . 
  you did . 
  and then he fucked you . 
  and then you fucked us . 
  and then you made so huge mess that you broke by yourself . 
  days of empire are long gone , you will eventually need to adjust to the modern era of russian irrelevance . 
  now i know how the cold war internet would look like . 
  so much fun with all this trash-talk . 
  we were kinda busy defending from hitler . 
  but you already know that . 
  poland is one of few civilized countries that have n't signed treaty against casette munition , and area mine dispensers launched from artillery . 
  it 's because we want to be able to put up big minefields in minutes . 
  good luck going through them in 2 days .
