  biggest - maybe . 
  depends how you count ( percentage of available young male population ? ) . 
  most successful ? 
  no way . 
  and certainly not the parts that most people hear about . 
  warsaw uprising was one huge disaster . 
  zamo\u015b\u0107 uprising was successful , btu nobody even heard about that in poland , cause it 's not in line with current historical politics . 
  in a year they 've gone from shooting their planes and trade wars to `` he 's my friend '' . 
  seems quite desperate . 
  online piracy is how consumers show the publishers the deal is not good enough . 
  `` kitaj '' for china made me smile ( it 's derogatory in polish ) . 
  china is the only country that benefited from the whole ordeal , 
   you can do the maths yourself , i guess . 
  so you 're saying public transport is free , nice , 
  in poland there 's usually 3 doors per bus , and 3 or 2 validating machines . 
  driver does n't care if people validate tickets - there is small group of controllers that randomly hop on some buses each day and check if people have valid tickets . 
  the punishment is a few hundred z\u0142oty , so even if you 're caught just once a month it 's not worth to cheat . 
  you do n't have validating machines in buses ? 
  also smole\u0144sk remembrance . 
  that 's roughly what korwin-mikke believes . 
  but he has like 4 % support , and most of that is probably protest vote . 
   and absolutely convinced that their way is the right way . 
  both sides are absolutely convinved their way is the right way . 
  who built lead water pipes after roman empire ? 
  it falls there too afair, 
   i meant the lead from fuel , but it works as well, 
  is n't it the case in almost every country ? 
  crime levels fall steadily from nineties and i 've heard it 's in a big part because of lead levels in air falling . 
  i 've met one italian in warsaw sayign that . 
  he migrated from rome , and works in it . 
  not a big sample , though . 
  there was not a single country destroyed by terrorism . 
  there was one destroyed by overreaction to terrorism , though ( guess which ) . 
  i 'll help you - it was quite big at the time , and started with `` a '' . 
  yesh we should start a war in random far away country to show balls . 
  terrorism is a marginal threat , and it would be best if media stopped covering it at all . 
  the whole purpose of it would stop , and it would end eventually . 
  doing anything to `` show spine '' is counterproductive . 
   their parents , florin barbu and claudia racol\u021bea , were fighting constantly , which gave their neighbours enough alarm to call in for help to protect the children . 
  they were taken away and last june , the boy and the girl were adopted by a british same-sex couple . 
  so , change for the better . 
   the west had a technological head start because of our philosophical and social traditions . 
  have you read `` why the west rules ( so far ) '' ? 
  i reccomend it - it uses measurable metrics over tens of tousands years to show that both `` geography '' and `` culture '' ca n't expplain the way civilizations change on the top . 
  it argues the reasons are headstart + geography ( but the meaning of adventageus geography changed with the progress - for example to develop farming you wanted mezopotamia , to develop slave + trade empire you wanted mediterrean , to develop industrial revolution you wanted england or sth similar , and when you developed ahead of curve there were always stuff that can take you down , so headstart can be cancelled if you developed before people invented how to deal with that - see rome ) . 
  if it was mostly about culture - chinese would n't overcome `` western '' culture . 
  and later western culture would n't overcome chinese . 
  try : https://www.polsa.gov.pl/en/ http://www.wat.edu.pl/?page_id=121 http://www.cbk.waw.pl/ http://www.rakiety.org.pl/index.php?option=com_content&amp;view=article&amp;id=244&amp;itemid=219, 
   being wrecked in a car and being wrecked by group of people might leave same bruises and same scars , but emotional damage is bigger because fear against humans is bigger than fear of object . 
  but it 's human who drives the car . 
  at least for now  how is it different when somebody 's using a bomb , than when somebody 's using a car ? 
  and there were terrorism acts with cars anyway . 
  the difference seems to be malice indeed , but it does n't make sense . 
  why should i care if somebody killed me on purpose or by accident ? 
  we 're both dead anyway . 
  and then there 's the criminal murders . 
  around 35 per year in poland . 
  few people feel the need to protest against that . 
  we have police to deal with them and everybody accepts it as a fact of life . 
  but when it 's terrorism - we have to change the law , close the borders , become catholic state . 
  why ? 
  i drive less than 3 times a month myself , mostly to mall and back  but i still use public communication often , so whatever , the risk 's still there . 
  what i meant - people discount small risks of very bad situations all the time , that 's why it 's inconsistent to make such a big deal of terrorism . 
  i do n't understand their though process leading to that , i think they just react to emotions and aviability heuristic . 
  if media reported the same percent of car crashes ( each as separate event , with interviews etc ) as they report of terrorist attacks - everybody would be outraged and cars would be banned or sth . 
  and if the improtance and scale of event was more important than risk , and that 's why terrorism is such a big deal - we would be all demonstrating in front of parliaments to make anti-asteroid laser network in orbit . 
  and to stop global warming now . 
  but nobody cares , cause no asteroids nor global warming destroyed our civilization so far  . 
  i hate it when people are irrational like that . 
  yes . 
  would you take 100 beatings with 5 % probability over 1 death with 0.0000001 % probability ? 
  i know you ~ ~ do ~ ~ do n't , because you use cars even without the threat of beating  edit : meant to say it in reverse, 
  every single person in the world is in danger . 
  the probabilities matter . 
  you 're far more likely to be beaten up for looking wrong by dresiarze or football hools , than to be killed in terrorist attack . 
  yes . 
  but the same baby boom ( mostly 80s kids ) was the reason for the huge unemployement in the first place . 
  so , people saying that we were saved from the huge unemlpoyement mainly by emigration - have to account for the fact that most of these unemployed turned into employed people ** in poland ** with time . 
  he said it after huge pro-eu anti-pis demonstration , with the implication `` it ca n't be helped '' , 
   painting it as the main reason for polish economic recovery from communism is majorly overstating its importance . 
  let 's look at the countries that were in similar condition and have n't entered eu , then  choose one . 
  employed in 2003 : 13,3 mln employed in 2015 : 16,2 mln how is that the benefit of emigration ? 
  the government ( pis ) is like cameron playing with brexit . 
  it 's not that they actually are eurosceptic , it 's that they want eurosceptic voters ( and also eu is criticizing them for their abuse of law ) . 
  so , they have some parliament members constantly complaining how eu is killing poland ( paw\u0142owicz ) , and kaczy\u0144ski sometimes say sth to persuade these voters pis is actually nationalist , but they also do n't want to exit eu , and when there 's a big pro-eu demonstration kaczy\u0144ski says that he 's not eurosceptic . 
  they are simply populists . 
  i used much more convenient http://rynekpracy.org/x/1002424 but if you want confirmation from . gov site download pdf from here for 2015 data http://stat.gov.pl/obszary-tematyczne/roczniki-statystyczne/roczniki-statystyczne/rocznik-statystyczny-pracy-2015,7,4.html and look at page 117 and further ( it 's both in polish and in english ) . 
  your link has [ 1 ] subscript and it says at the bottom of the page :  1 excluding economic entities employing up to nine persons ; without private farms in agriculture , foundations , associations , political parties , trade unions , social organizations , employer 's organizations , self-government economic entities and self-government professional entities , as well as the units carrying out their activity in the scope of national defence and public safety . 
  it 's mostly to see the average salary and data from current year , because these companies have to file their data much more often , but it 's not representative of the whole economy . 
  it 's gus methodology . 
  eurostat-wise it 's around 6.5 %, 
  we have lots of terrorism . 
  we do n't have a middle eastern coutnry invading europe . 
  i think it 's self-evident which situation this is more similar to . 
  is the situation more similar to nazi germany occupying half of europe and building death camps , or to post-9 / 11 ? 
  nah , it happens unfortunately . 
  see for example http://lublin.wyborcza.pl/lublin/1,48724,19153414,zmyslila-historie-z-pobiciem-ofiara-obcokrajowiec.html that particular history frustrated me a lot because it 's my city , and the girl had the audacity to not only cause the poor guy beating , but also to put police on him for helping her , and even posted on social media to `` warn people '' : /, 
   spain nobody i know went to spain . 
  why would you ? 
  they do n't speak english nor german , and pay less than closer countries .
