  everybody knew it will look like that . 
  the campaign was non-existant , and in polish popular opinion europarlament is the place that unpopular politicians go before they retire . 
  only way to make it higher is to make joint elections with something at national level . 
  all votes counted , the result : turnout : 23,82 % results : - po ( center-right , in power for 2 cadencies ) : 32,13 % ( epp , currently in power ) - pis ( main opposition party , also center-right ) : 31,78 % ( ecr ) - sld ( old post-communists calling themselves left ) : 9,44 % ( pes ) - knp ( polish ukip , even more ridiculus ) : 7,15 % - psl ( farmers party ) : 6,8 % ( epp ) 5 % is the minimum required to get to the europarliament from poland . 
  the rest have n't qualified . 
  polish farmer bought decommisioned mi-2 helicopter ( for 12 years it had no repairs and was meant to be used as a decoration ) . 
  he somehow got proper fuel for it . 
  he asked his friend - american military ex-pilot that lived nearby to fly the mi-2 to his place from the airfield . 
  the american has no licence to fly in poland . 
  farmer took his family for the ride ( 2 kids , 2 teens and one another adult ) . 
  surprisingly - they crashed . 
  even more surprisingly - everybody lives . 
  when police came to the farmers home they found anohter decommisioned mi-2 in the backyard among farming equipment . 
  everybody pay taxes , everybody decide . 
  krak\u00f3w wanted to do the olympics with slovakia, 
  polish nigel farage . 
  but even worse . 
  that 's not freedom of speech . 
  that 's anarchy . 
  it 's nice in theory but does n't work ( see taxes for one thing ) . 
  i 'm just wondering . 
  i sort of assumed that germany would do more to deal with nazis than poland , because we never had big problem with them unlike you . 
  i do n't want to scream fire in cinema - i think it 's reasonable that you ca n't do that . 
  this was an example that freedom of speech is not the ultimate value . 
  so you depend on people not voting for them , and in the even they will you hope for the same people that voted them to do an uprising ? 
  seems a little convulted and shaky , especially when freedom of speech is already constrained by practical concerns ( like - you ca n't scream fire in cinema full of people ) . 
  ok , so what do you do if they win national elections ? 
  jaruzelski asked russians to help him deal with solidarity . 
  russians replied `` do it by yourself '' . 
  it was eighties - ussr was falling apart already . 
  he was just a power-hungry politician , his whole life he sucked up to the guy with the most power at the time . 
  how people can glorify him is over my head . 
  why would you even allow neo-nazi party , especially in germany ? 
  let 's agree to disagree on this one . 
  on the other hand putin can threaten his business in russia to get leverage over ukraine . 
  lech kaczy\u0144ski jokes were there the same day too , and while i did n't liked him he was n't evil man . 
  polish internet reaction to his death : http://c3201142.cdn03.imgwykop.pl/comment_wyaecnweltirorcjwbu7rjqjgwvrnggq,wat400.jpg?author=inxe&amp;auth=925dd506eeb5f2f990457bb20b6330f7 `` jaruzelski went to urn already , have you ? '', 
  urna means both `` ballot box '' and `` urn '' in polish . 
  anyone completely devoted to communism in eighties had to be blind , deaf and very good at lying to themselves . 
  especially if they were in power and had access to all the information . 
  of course he was afraid to be the leader - he even asked russians to help him cause he did n't knew if the solidarity will fight back or not . 
  russians declined . 
  it was n't 68 but 81 . 
  situation was very different . 
  ussr would n't do the prague there . 
  there are even documents where jaruzelski asked ussr to help deal with solidarity , and they declined telling him to deal with it by himself : ( link in polish ) http://historia.wp.pl/title,wojciech-jaruzelski-prosil-zwiazek-radziecki-o-interwencje-wojskowa-w-polsce,wid,16184227,wiadomosc.html?ticaid=112ca3&amp;_ticrsn=3 this whole jaruzeslki excuse is just poor attempt at playing innocent by him , weird that people fall for that . 
  both was n't particulary bloodthirsty . 
  i would n't even call them dictators . 
  more like authoritharian rulers . 
  but that 's subjective . 
  anyway , the difference is simple : one made poland independent , the other stopped people from making poland independent . 
  and it 's obvious bullshit about humane socialism etc - he simply wanted power . 
  humane socialism does n't start with tanks and pacifications . 
  shame that the `` separatists '' have n't allowed the people there to vote . 
  probably were too afraid that after the whole invasion business they would vote too `` western '' and the myth of pro-russian eastern ukraine would fall . 
   so you wish good to your country and bad for europe ? 
  not much . 
  only 160 euro per capita . 
  ask portugal or greece ( still richer than poland , been in eu longer , still got more than poland ) . 
  poland has population of around 38\u00a0000\u00a0000 people . 
  most eu countries are much smaller , around 5-10 000 000 people . 
  compare per-capita donations for meaningful results . 
  according to http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/budget_of_the_european_union#net_contributors_and_recipients poland got 160.5 euro per capita in 2007 . 
  greece got 267.2 and lithuania 438.2 per capita . 
  per capita donations to poland are eight biggest in eu . 
  hungary , greece , estonia , lithuania , portugal and others got more per capita than poland , yet in poland there was constant growth , and in many of these countries - there was a big crisis . 
  maybe it 's not the eu money that make the difference after all ? 
  also poland is growing constantly since 1992 , and we entered eu in 2004 . 
  was the growth before 2004 artifical , too ? 
  half of the voters in the village i grew up in . 
  and in all the near villages . 
  pis made giertych a ministry of education and lepper a vice-premier . 
  they do n't deserve a second chance imho . 
  `` by their fruits you 'll recognize them . '', 
  people that think you should lower taxes if that 's what what you promised , even if there 's a crisis going on are just stupid . 
  look at greece or hungary - governments there did what they promised to voters to get support , consequences be damned . 
  by doing that they also fucked up their economies for years . 
  shame we did it differently , right ? 
  for me the fact that po did the unpopular thing is their biggest advantage . 
  another one - they fucked up with acta , but they realized that after the protests and canceled the deal . 
  realizing errors and reacting to them is a big deal . 
  still boni is an idiot and should n't be in government , but nobody 's perfect . 
  they kept expenses on army around 2 % gdp all that years . 
  seems smart now , do n't you think ? 
  they 've bought used leopards 2 from germany ( before that pis wanted to build a new polish main battle tank instead - we would pay milliards pln and if all comes well get sth still worse than leopard 2 in 10 years ) . 
  they continued building the \u015awinouj\u015bcie lng terminal . 
  they managed to do the euro with ukraine , and it was ok - no big fuck-ups . 
  they managed the motorways money and other eu funds and we actually have better roads now . 
  i know it seems simple but nothing 's simple , and you can fuck up everything . 
  yes , i do n't support them unconditionaly , i do n't like what they did with ofe , but from the parties that we have currently they are imho still the best choice . 
  certainly better than the korwin-mikke nuts , pis frustrats or the various flavours of postcommunists . 
  or the palikot appreciation movement . 
  regarding sikorski - he may be a dick , but he 's a dick that is good at what he do . 
  i take him over even the most humble and nice loser . 
  as a bonus he actually speaks good english . 
  i think it 's a good thing for a foreign ministry , and strangely rare for polish politicians . 
   good point . 
  habits die hard . 
  because ussr invaded poland on 17th september 1939 , while poland was still fighting germany . 
  ussr did it in accordance with ribbentrop-molotov pact that they signed with germany in summer 1939 .
