  that was just geopolitics . 
  their enemy at the time was russia so independent poland would be good for them . 
  right now it 's also geopolitics . 
   really ? 
  like seriously ? 
  never , i mean never heard anyone arguing that bismarck was anywhere nearly as bad as hitler . 
  yeah , i got ahead of myself . 
  i meant hitler was obviously worse ( genocide and all ) , but bismarck was bad too , and germany in xixth century is `` the bad guy '' in our history books as well . 
  i put it there on purpose . 
  it 's common in poland , and it illustrates the `` no political correctness '' attitude . 
  and btw - is saying `` 20 years behind romanians '' better in english ? 
  because i have a feeling the latter is acceptable , and the former not , and that 's just hypocrisy . 
   and was n't poor portugal was one of the richest countries in medieval times and i wonder why it was ? 
  still poland was much bigger and richer country ( not per-capita , but overall ) . 
   poland does n't have any technology that 's false . 
  for example http://mechatronics.cbk.waw.pl/projekty/penetrator-geologiczny-chomik-misja-fobos-grunt  only usa or china will do it . 
  actually private companies will do it first probably . 
  yes - american ones . 
  but not because of technology . 
  because of not being so damn risk-awerse . 
  small and poor portugal was sending sailors and huge and rich poland was n't , because we were too poor apparently . 
  then the portugal got huge and we disappeared from the maps . 
  regarding the resources - it 's useless to transport resources from mars to earth because you have to escape mars gravity . 
  asteroids on the other hand are great for mining , and it does n't require big funding , it 's easily in our reach if we take this slowly and consistently ( 20 years or more of constant funding and research ) . 
  it does n't even require people in space - most of the stuff you can do with machines and batched remote control . 
   and we will probably never into space , because it 's useless . 
  it 's exactly as useless as sailing to uncharted waters in 15th century was . 
  you could lose a ship , or win a continent . 
  if poland spend as much on space as we do on football and church in 50 years we could be mining asteroid field . 
  and nobody would be worse of . 
  but no , people only think 1 year forward . 
  everything that 's useless 1 year from now is useless forever . 
  poles were very confused when they learnt that eastern ukraine is richer than western . 
  it 's contrary to the general law of econimics !, 
  unfortunately most does n't care about space . 
  yeah , i mean the diameter of the whole thing . 
  `` 2 poles - 3 opinions '' . 
  very individual - personal freedom is very important , everyone thinks he knows everything better than everyone else and will happily argue about details for hours . 
  still in the end general opinion is that poland suck and we 're `` 20 years behind the blacks '' . 
  everybody complains about everything , especially the current government , no matter if they voted it . 
  political correctness is generally ignored , and when you mention it people will look at you like you 're from a different planet . 
  poles as a majority think they are persecuted ( or at least were for decades ) so they have right to choose if the are following the pc or no . 
  also harsh jokes are fun . 
  first jokes about president kaczy\u0144ski death appeared the same week . 
  ecology is associated with greenpeace nuts that block building badly needed roads and bind themselves to the cooling towers to protest against them ( you know , the evil-looking thick ones , where water is evaporating  ) . 
  most poles have inferiority complex towards `` the west '' because poland is poorer ( btw most poles still think about italy and greece and portugal and spain as places where people are much richer than us ) , but it 's changing slowly . 
  communism is considered the greatest evil there is , and nothing good ever came out of russia . 
  germany is ok now , but better watch their hand , in case they turn imperialistic again ( not much difference for poles between bismarck and hitler ) . 
  1 . legitimacy has nothing to do with its size . 
  10 people may demonstrate and it 's ok . 
  the government was only changed after the shootings - if 10 people protested in poland against sky being blue and government shoot and killed some of them i would also want to change that government . 
  2 . most people are n't going to protest on the streets . 
  most people always stay at home . 
  if you want to know what the majority thinks compare how many people are protesting on the streets against sth vs how many are demonstrating in favour of that thing . 
  or do a referendum , but do n't put armed thugs near the voting places . 
  assumption behind putin argumentation : 1 . 
  people do n't do anything by themselves - it 's all great game of governments and secret services . 
  it 's russia god given right to control what countries in their `` sphere of influence '' do . 
  you can guess what that means  they were a publisher of foreign games on polish market long before they started making their own games . 
  especially thier polonisation of baldurs gate was great - they hired best polish actors for voiceovers and sold 30 000 or sth like that copies , when everybody thought polish gamers pirate everything and it 's not worth it to translate games properly . 
  read carefuly . 
  it was not my idea - i just said it 's not going to happen . 
   the nato and the eu would still see this as an act of war and the respone would be horrible for russia  frankly , if russia did this to an eu-member this might cause a serious risk for nuclear warfare and noone is crazy enough to risk that . 
  do you seriously believe nato will nuke russia for supporting some bandits in estonia or latvia ? 
  nato wo n't start a war with russia for such small thing ? 
  nato would n't even send one soldier to russian ground for such thing probably . 
  because i think max they will do is some pretend sanctions , and small army sent to estonia to deal with the problem . 
  this is still great , but in the end estonia has burned cities and killed civilians , russian politicians ca n't go to holidays in eu . 
  win-win for putin . 
  unthinkable you say ? 
  what about persecuted minority of russian-speaking citizens of let 's say estonia violently protesting against obviously nazi estonia celebrating their ss soldiers , or some other pretext ? 
  let 's say they start throwing molotov coctails and protest agains the vorrupt nazi government ( lat 's also say that corruption was recently discovered thanks to anonymous reporter that delivered recordings of politicians discussing illegal stuff ) . 
  let 's further assume that non-russian estonians does n't just stand there and instead respond with violence to violence . 
  civil war in eu is unthinkable ? 
  of course eu will help estonia military , but the protesters barricade in schools and hospitals , occupy some cities in the parts of estonia close to russia and demand annexation . 
  will civilized eu be ready to destroy them , accepting civilian deaths associated with that ? 
  of course russia protests this in un and warns about gas prices hike . 
  we already know french would n't die for gda\u0144sk , would they suffer higher gas prices for estonia ? 
  i do n't think so . 
  and the best thing is - russia would n't care that it 's obvoious it 's their meddling . 
  so what - everybody still want to do business with russia . 
  they tested eu with ukraine , after all . 
  what makes estonia different ? 
  if there 's no cost to a move , and only possibilities is victory or status quo - how do you think smart players would play ? 
  it would n't be invasion , or full scale war . 
  but the people would die and the cities would burn just as well . 
   here was a period where poland was very whiny ( we want x and because wwii we should get it ) - no more . 
  just you wait tille pis gets power again . 
  and it unfortunately will - the next elections . 
  poland used to both . 
  for example many polish cities were funded by german immigrants in middle ages . 
  and `` niemieckie filmy '' ( german movies ) are often used by middle-age people as a synonym for porn . 
  change slavic to white in the whole text . 
  now you see ? 
  nothing helps unity and friendship better than weapons , do n't you know ? 
  russia was trying to brainwash people with this panslawizm ( which meant - all slavic countries unite in russian empire ) for centuries . 
  nobody felt for that . 
  also panslawizm is stupid , even if taken for face-value , because it 's unity of one special group of people . 
  why unite slavic people , and other not ? 
  why friendship with slavic people only ?
