  maybe bandera ? 
  or this guy ? 
  cause i do n't know how they will interprete this single choice question with 2 answers that are true according to them ( and the church official view ) . 
  yup , most of them believe that . 
  so the question for them is equivalent to `` is a square a square or a rectangle '' . 
  i 'm not denying . 
  i 'm asking for sources . 
  you are accusing people , it 's your responsibility to provide sources . 
  btw : i thought media were controlled by po . 
  how is it that there were so much information about that government being corrupted if they controlled media ? 
  even in poland (  90 % official catholics ) it would probably be 50/50 between big bang and god , because most people believe both are true , and it 's a weird question . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/felix_dzerzhinsky probably . 
  mostly because they introduced reforms ( like prolonging retirement age from 60 for women and 65 for men to 67 for both ) . 
  which is nessesary ( and probably still not sufficient ) , but pis promised to revert it back and people prefer money now than possibly never . 
  also they were the first party to rule for 2 terms , all the previous lost power mid-term or after elections . 
  it 's just how it works in poland . 
  ca n't made everybody glad when you 're relatively poor country , so people ger angry and vote the other guy , whoever it is . 
  not to say po was perfect - far from that . 
  they had abysmal campaign , they tried to please undecided voters too much and abandoned their core voters in the process . 
  they also fucked up with some things , like the ofe ( half the money gathered on mandatory private retirement funds were moved to the mandatory national retirement fund ) . 
   answer - civic platform was terrible , incompetent , corrupted government , which made it possible for such backward political party as law and justice to win . 
  po got 24 % of votes in this election . 
  pis got 29 % in previous ( when it lost ) . 
  i do n't see how that 5 p.p. 
  difference makes one terrible and incompetent and the other not . 
  mostly pis got single majority because many parties achieved almost the electoral threshold , but not quite ( almost 8 % for left coalition , almost 5 % for korwin and razem ) . 
  together such parties gathered over 15 % of votes that got distributed proportionaly to the parties that got to the parliament , and that gave pis singular majority . 
   with many evidences to support that claim would be nice to post links to that evidence , 
  sure . 
  i 'm just not sure it would be stopped at all . 
  depends on the person being corrupted . 
  yes , tons , but i do n't recall any related to standing or moving . 
  and these words are slang , and the proper word is based on a root related to knowledge/ability/mind . 
  just feels weird to base such common word on unrelated thing . 
  i would expect sth related to `` can '' or `` mind '' or sth like that . 
  btw what word `` cunning '' comes from ? 
  it could work as a verb . 
  in polish word order is stylistic choice and not mandatory . 
  there 's one `` mainstream '' neutral word order , but you can pretty much change it however you like and the literal meaning is the same , just the focus and tone changes . 
  sam as latin i guess . 
  just the stress is on different part of the sentence . 
  this makes poetry much easier  i ca n't even imagine how to translate that into english or german without adding tons of helper words , and only one word order is possible . 
  btw notice that this sentence was 3 nouns and nothing else  can you do that in german ? 
  pretty sure it does n't matter to putin . 
  maybe he 's a dick ? 
  and yes , it never goes away . 
  same as `` understand '' = `` stand under '' . 
  wtf english language ? 
  once i noticed this it always bugs me . 
  does canada have the same problems ? 
   there were much larger protest about this then about the current crisis yet the eu any link ? 
  i 'm polish and i do n't remember even 10 000 big protests agains ofe change . 
  it 's possible i did n't noticed . 
  yep . 
  certainly . 
  24 countries vs one , half of that one agree with these 24 countries - it 's easy to see which country is insane in this situation . 
  reading it again , you 're probably right , i 'm getting too agressive with my comments . 
  potentialy if uk exit eu , and if the crisis in eu get big enough - some parts of the eu treaties can be canceled , like the part about working and living in another country without citizenship . 
  or the eu can just collapse altogether . 
  this would have huge implications for poles both in poland and in the rest of eu . 
  99 % of these implications would be very bad . 
   in the last months we have been called `` we '' were n't called anything . 
  it 's the dumbest trick and i do n't understand how pis got away with this . 
  `` germany government is criticizing polish government '' becomes `` germany is criticizing poles !, 
  defend our country ! '', 
  there 's a difference between citizens and the government . 
  when people criticize bush they are n't criticizing `` americans '' . 
  it 's just russia generously sharing its profits with other countries by arbitrary political pricing  economical decisions of authoritarian countries are so funny sometimes . 
  and annual income in germany is less than $ 70000 . 
  your point ? 
  according to http://www.tradingeconomics.com/country-list/government-debt-to-gdp ukraine public debt to gdp ratio was 71 % in 2014 . 
  it 's between that of germany ( 74 % ) and netherlands ( 68 % ) . 
  eu average is 86 % . 
  usa : 102 % , and japan 230 % . 
  nope . 
  that just means eu buys russian gas cheaper than 212 usd , and sells it to ukraine still cheaper than 212 usd . 
  great for eu and ukraine , not great for russia , but that happens when you use your main source of income for bullying neighbors by adjusting prices depending on political conditions . 
   he claims to be worried about poland 's public media , but his behaviour - ignoring earlier situations , does not agree with that by your reading of this sentence everybody is a hypocrite . 
  it 's simply impossible to react to every event with which you disagree . 
  for example most pis members and supporters that are now complaining about germany pression on poland and possible eu sanctions against poland were n't complaining about eu sanctions against austrian government in 2000 . 
  they are therefore hipocrites according to you , and you are a hipocrite for not calling them such , yet calling others on their hipocrisy  very convenient interpretation of the word , indeed . 
  if you complain when your family was robbed , but were n't complaining when other families were robbed - it 's not hipocrisy . 
  hypocrisy = you are doing something and criticising others doing the same . 
  messiah complex, 
  nick checks out, 
  it says 9 families . 
  but it was just from one city ( pozna\u0144 ) . 
  it was a few hundred people total in july 2015 iirc . 
  still , we agreed to 11 000 ( or 14 000 ? , they always change the numbers ) , it just takes time . 
  it did . 
  small number , but still . 
  could you be more specific ? 
  what 's `` that '' ? 
  poland agreed to mandatory refuge quotas eventually . 
  it also agreed to take in several tousand syrian refuges . 
  some parts of eu will experience much larger problems because of global warming than others . 
  everybody still help with that . 
  some parts of eu experience much larger problems because of immigrants/refuges . 
  others still help ( at least , poland did , not without complaining , though ) . 
  some parts of eu experience problems with russian bullying , and unfortunately germany does n't want to help because of its financial interests .
