  only later in life i appreciated how common reading list gives everybody in a country common cultural basis . 
  it makes some jokes or analogies possible that would n't work in country without such common base . 
  there was occasional repetition of some aspects of ortography , grammar and style after the first few years , but rarely . 
  it was called `` polish language lessons '' , but it was more about culture than language . 
  also linked heavily with polish history , even though there was separate course about just history . 
  at the final exam ( matura ) there was both text to write , and a test . 
  novadays matura is different and i do n't really know how it looks like - kids have to prepare a speech and deliver it iirc , and there 's still a test also . 
  - polish ( native ) - english - german ( badly ) i can mostly understand ukrainian , slovak and czech . 
  i would like to learn spanish and korean at some point . 
  another 30 % of consumption is satisfied with gas mined in poland . 
  that leaves around 20 % to be imported from others in case russia shuts down gaz pipes to us entirely . 
  not impossible . 
  more important is the adaptability . 
  gazprom signs long-term `` take or pay '' contracts , if you do n't buy the minimal amount each month you need to pay fine . 
  it 's better to buy on as-needed basis , even if it 's slightly more expansive . 
  and no matter what magic russia uses , with more competition i do n't see them hiking the price . 
  it just means gazprom has to take into account this possibility , when it tries to blacmail poland or czech republic , or when it is setting prices differently for these countries . 
  we 're not gon na invade anybody , especially not through sea . 
  ukraine parliament recently recognized upa `` heroes of their nation '' . 
  they were responsible for hundreds of tousands of massacred poles in eastern ukraine . 
  they would come to a mostly-polish village on what they considered their land , and kill everybody there , including these that tried to escape , then go to the next one , repeat . 
  ukrainians would be warned and get out earlier . 
  of course some warned their polish neighbors . 
  most did n't . 
  that happened to hundreds of villages . 
  ukrainians had their reasons ( polish government made some dick-moves in interwar period , and they wanted independence ) , but nobody killed them . 
  i 'm not demanding financial recompensation , but recognizing such people as heroes is kinda bad style , do n't you think ? 
  same with russians building monuments to stalin and glorifying him , when he ordered murders of millions of civilians , russians , ukrainians , balts , poles , etc. 
  he did `` national actions '' in 1937-39 , when everybody of specific nationality in ussr would be imprisoned and most of them killed by nkvd . 
  over a hundred tousand people killed because their last name sounds polish . 
  imagine fbi rounding all irish people in usa and killing 80 % -90 % of them . 
  and then usa says the president that ordered this was `` a little tyrant , but ok '' , and he has monuments all over the country and just married pairs would have photos with these monuments for good luck . 
  imagine germans doing this with hitler monuments . 
  but they lost a war so it 's different . 
  there 's a reason to stop this bullshit . 
  i 'd draw the line at 1918 . 
  or at 1900 for the countries that existed before ww1 . 
  otherways we wo n't see the end of it . 
  i think poland should say sorry to belarus , lithuania and ukraine for 1919-1921 period politics ( annexion of wilno , and selling half of belarus and ukraine to ussr after won war ) . 
  i also think we should say sorry to czech republik and slovakia for zaolzie and 1968 ( kaczy\u0144ski kinda did it , but it would be nice to be more specific ) . 
  i also think czech republic and slovakia should say sorry for their annexion of zaolzie in 1920 . 
  and ukraine should apologise poland for the ethnic cleansing on polish civilians that their newly-made heroes ( upa ) did during ww2 . 
  and of course russia should say sorry for the polish operation of nkvd in 1937-38 , katy\u0144 , the post war murders of polish patriots , and 50 years of occupation , but i do n't hold my breath there . 
  another example : http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/polish_operation_of_the_nkvd_%281937%e2%80%9338%29  the polish operation of the soviet nkvd security force in 1937 -- 1938 was a top secret mass operation of the nkvd carried out against purported polish agents in the soviet union during the period of the great purge . 
  it was ordered by the politburo against the so-called `` polish spies '' and customarily interpreted by the nkvd officials as relating to `` absolutely all poles '' . 
  it resulted in the sentencing of 139,835 people , and secret prison executions of 111,091 ethnic poles , [ 2 ] as well as those accused of working for poland . 
  [ 3 ]  the majority of the victims were ethnically polish but not all , according to timothy snyder , who gives a conservative estimate of 85,000 confirmed poles executed simultaneously across the country . 
  [ 5 ] the remainder were ` suspected ' of being polish , without further inquiry . 
  [ 4 ]  in order to speed up the process the nkvd personnel reviewed local telephone books and arrested persons with polish-sounding names . 
  in leningrad alone , almost 7,000 citizens were rounded up this way . 
  a vast majority of such nominal `` suspects '' were executed within 10 days of arrest . 
  [ 6 ] in the fourteen months after the adoption of order \u2116 00485 , some 143,810 people were taken into custody , of whom 139,885 were sentenced by extrajudicial organs , and 111,091 executed ( nearly 80 % of all victims ) . 
  there 's no such thing . 
  400 tons and just 5 km ? 
  you can pave them with that gold . 
  and what will they do to enforce high prices for everyone ? 
  gazprom will stop selling gas to the whole eu ? 
  when there 's 28 customers and 1 producer - the producer is the boss , it can price each customer according to how much he is dependent on that producer . 
  this is current situation . 
  when there 's 1 customer and 1 producer - there 's no boss , just partners . 
  try to enforce too high prices and you default . 
  i understand why they try to scare people to preserve the current situation , of course . 
  but israel could sell weapons to ukraine anyway ? 
  there were no ban on this ? 
  yes , and i happen to think it was smart . 
  many people think otherways . 
  still it was n't smart to allow people that were agents of communists regime to perform public functions , especially without publishing the fact about them . 
  they were very easy to blackmail by various factions ( their oponents , russians , their former coworkers ) . 
  probably because you live in france  right now it 's 4 rp all over again , most young people are against po , and they buy into this whole `` round table was a treason '' story . 
  wa\u0142\u0119sa is very divisive figure in poland . 
  in communist security documents he was registered as agent ( could be on purpose to defame him before oposition , could be legit ) , and he got a lot money from somewhere ( he said he won lottery a few times ) in ~ ~ eighties ~ ~ seventies . 
  a lot of people suspect him of being communist agent put in there to control the transformation so that `` the right people '' still have money and power . 
  and after he became president he was very kind to communists , saying poland needs both lft and right politicians ( well , it was true , but at the time left = = old postcommunists that had blood on their hands ) . 
  he also was against publishing who from the politicians in power were communist security agents , and against forbidding them to be in government . 
  they could also use conventional weapons with much more liberty ( for example reacting to artilery shooting through the border by sending own army there ) . 
  as it is - russians were shelling ukrainian positions from russia , and ukrainians could n't finish off the rebels . 
  nukes on both sides would also mean un , nato , eu would fear escalation a lot more , so they would enact harsher sanctions much earlier , and lobby for peace on ukrainian terms much harder . 
  russia knowing this would n't start aggression in the first place . 
   because the cost-to-gain ratio is too high . 
  it 's so because of nukes . 
  take them away and cost-to-gain changes significantly to the favour of country with nukes . 
  which you can observe in ukraine right now . 
   to use them on cities is genocide . 
  to have them is to threaten their use . 
  hence , having them is a threat of genocide and disgustingly immoral . 
  it 's not genocide , it 's mass murder ( genocide is when you are selective about what nationality you kill ) . 
  also if ukraine had nukes a few dozen tousand people would still live . 
  what is better - threathening `` genocide '' , and never having to do it , or allowing people to die in war because of nto having weapons ? 
  i 've read it in some fabular book about xviiith century nobility ( son of a noble had to become a trader to save the palace from debts , but he had to hide he was a nobleman , to avoid losing the status ) . 
  ca n't remember the title right now . 
   in the first rzeczpospolita no nobleman dared to be a trader , it would be blasphemy and would void his nobility . 
  lack oc competition for foreign traders allowed them to dictate much higher prices . 
  nobles had the worst opinion about traders , because they `` destroy the crown , steal from poland and give weath to foreign countries and to themselves '' not very good source , i conceed . 
  not officialy . 
  he 's self-styled ( but probably comes from real nobility from before ww2 ) . 
  also if he 's a businessmen he can not claim to be a polish noble . 
  szlachta ( polish nobility ) honour codex forbidden to work with own hands , being a trader ( or a businessmen i guess ) counts as working so you can not claim to be noble . 
  dumb rule , but so is the whole concept of nobility , 
  if you are public person you should have less protection than normal people ( as in eu ) , not more ( as in russia ) . 
  so for example photoshopped president photo with naked tits should be legal no matter if he agree , while john smith photo should n't be legal if he disagree .
