  and after somle\u0144sk crash they basically created a cult . 
  not that i feel bad for him , just saying electing someone else next elections would n't mean the problem is fixed . 
  the voters who want nationalistic church state with communist economy will stay here . 
  the prescription requirement alone would n't be that bad ( it already was like that a few years before , and there are some arguments for it - for example young teens scared they are pregnant because they did oral sex and needlesly messing up with hormones would have to at least hear from a doctor they do n't actually need it - there are side effects to strong hormonal pills ) . 
  of course sexual education would help fix that , but that 's another issue : / and in poland 's case the problem is compounded by `` conscience exception '' which basically says a doctor can refuse to do sth that conflicts with his conscience . 
  in some regions ( podhale ) whole hospitals sign these exceptions , some of them pressured by religious local politicians and administration , and then the hospital brags it 's `` christian '' ... 
  formally it does n't apply to consrcripting drugs anyway , only to performing operations etc ( mostly abortions ) , but in current interpretation by the health ministry he said he would n't give this pill to a raped girl citing the `` conscience exception '' , so maybe they will start interpretting it differently ? 
  or he was talking bullshit like always . 
  the whole deal is outrageus ... 
  the problem is - young generations ( 18-30 ) are more conservative than the older ones ( except maybe 60 + ) . 
  not in going to church ( that 's still in decline ) , but in the stupid `` cultural catholicism '' . 
  you 're just jelaous trump is far behind the schedule . 
  authoritharian cinematography is great . 
  watch this masterpiece : http://www.imdb.com/title/tt6038600/, 
  on high end earnings are n't correlated with iq . 
  think scientists vs businessmen . 
  on the low end it 's also not correlated after a point ( you 're just unemployed ) . 
  i 'm of the opinion it 's mostly cultural stuff ( wage elasticity higher among women would result with slightly lower earnings and slightly lower unemployement among them ) , but it 's obviously more complicated than 1 reason . 
  i 'm not into vegetables , but fresh radish with salt and butter is just divine . 
  try it . 
  but use proper bread , not the sliced plastic stuff . 
  his phrasing was n't `` crude '' . 
  it was factually wrong . 
  women are on average as intelligent as man , just the distribution of their intelligence has smaller standard deviation . 
  probably ( it 's not even sure at this point , and iq is n't that great a measure either ) . 
  and had he told the truth - it would be useless in the context of explaining wage gap , because it would mean there 's also much more extremely stupid man than extremely stupid women , and that should close the wage gap . 
  he 's in polish politics for 25 years . 
  never got elected to polish parliament since 5 % support threshold was introduced in early nineties ( before that we 've got lots of interesting parties , including polish party of beer lovers ) . 
  he argues bunch of stupid things , and nobody but a small group of fascinated radical right teens vote him . 
  some of his beliefs : - global warming is a scam - poland should be a monarchy - democracy is the worst - women should stay at home - olympiads and other sport events for disabled people are unnatural and harmful - almost all taxes should be abolished - there is no proof hitler knew about holocaust - economicaly hitler occupation was better for poland than all recent governments really , just ignore him . 
  he 's in politics to provide entertainment , not solutions or insights . 
  btw - there are reasonable arguments for and against wage gap and sex quotas . 
  i happen to think wage gap is explained by cultural factors ( expectations and motivations of most women and men in society are different ) , and life expectancy differences ( if you have less time it 's more valuable for you ) . 
  but `` women are dumber '' is not a good argument . 
  for one thing on average women are more educated than men . 
  for another - average iq between sexes is similar , it 's the distribution that differ ( but that ca n't be the reason , because it means there 's significantly more stupid men than stupid women , and that should return the average pay to be equal ) . 
  which one is civilised ? 
  because when it comes to sandwiches , nothing beats bread with butter , radish and salt : http://st2.depositphotos.com/1021524/7336/i/450/depositphotos_73361029-stock-photo-sandwich-with-radish.jpg it 's the food that makes the spring real . 
  also english really needs a word for 1-leaf sandwich . 
  `` kanapka '' maybe ? 
  no they do n't . 
  the most votes korwin ever got in national elections was 4.76 % . 
  it 's a testament to how seriously people treat eu parliament that he even got there . 
  yes , he has higher support on the internet , than in real life , but nowhere near `` majority '' . 
  not even on wykop.pl . 
  good idea . 
   so why do poles seem intent on claiming him as theirs and theirs only some poles . 
  and some germans do it too , just the other way . 
  percentages differ . 
   why is that relevant ? 
  for the same reason this is relevant :  kopernikus surviving manuscripts are predominantly in latin and in a few cases german also i beg to differ regarding  still his was a better europe where it was ok for one country to invade another because it had different state religion . 
  even the fact that there were state religions is imho proving it was n't `` better '' . 
  but yeah , i understand what you mean and i agree nationalism is bad . 
  polish state did existed . 
  it just was n't a nation-state . 
  he also was an administrator of prussian-polish [ * ] defence of frombork and olsztyn against raiding teutonic order in 1520-1521 . 
  as you said nationality was n't really relevant then . 
  you had your feudal leader and you did n't cared about anything more . 
  if i had to compare i 'd say he was like einstein in usa ( if einstein had american mother ) . 
  [ * ] novadays prussian means german , but then there was still original baltic people living there , and many of their towns ( including frombork and olsztyn ) sided with polish crown against teutonic order . 
  of course still many german ( and polish ) people lived there . 
  passports were n't a thing then . 
  you 're welcome . 
  these only apply to a few pronouns , not all nouns , so i understand why nobody counts them . 
  i wonder why is n't noun + 's recognized as a case ? 
  i mean `` smith 's house '' . 
  it works like genitive in polish . 
  for invocations for example ? 
  o rado\u015bci , iskro bog\u00f3w ... [ joy , beautiful spark of divinity , ] or litwo , ojczyzno moja ... [ lithuania , my homeland ... ], 
   it seems to be quite a thing in poland in general to change people in all important positions , it 's funny that pis is trying to push that narration ( previous government did it too ) , and at the same time complain that `` these guys were in offices since communism , so they are communists '' . 
  could at least make their propaganda self-consistent . 
  because hating is not the same as invading and murdering ? 
  it was just called rzeczpospolita ( commonwealth ) , or rzeczpospolita obojga narod\u00f3w ( commonwealth of both nations ) , completely skipping the order of names problem . 
  hence i do n't understand the trolling . 
  why ? 
  throwing a stone you give it energy . 
  do you think it must be concious because of that ? 
  pumping a ball you store energy in it . 
  is it concious because of that ? 
  i do n't understand why you assume there 's a connection between energy and conciousness . 
  i 'm pretty sure a lot of people already died in the area of lhc . 
  it 's quite big . 
  why do you assume ghosts have anything to do with conciousness ? 
  why do you assume conciousness is profound ? 
  why do you assume conciousness is even a meaningful concept ? 
  why do you want us to wait for these particular questions if we can already disprove ghosts basing on currently available experiments ? 
  people thought once that stars and planets are arranged in heavenly spheres , connected to music and god . 
  fortunately we have n't waited to do experiments and exclude these things until we understood god or heavenly spheres , instead we looked at them thorught telescopes and it turned out it 's all bullshit and no such things are required for the explanation , they were just concepts invented to pretend people had an idea what 's happening . 
  and conciousness is another one of these concepts that most probably does n't mean anything , and create more confusion instead of explaning anything . 
  people thought once that organic and inorganic chemistry was separated by meaningful divide between things that can be alive and things that ca n't . 
  it turned out there 's no such division . 
  name was repurposed for `` chemistry of stuff with carbon in it '' . 
  nothing profound whatsoever , just basic chemistry . 
  i expect conciousness to end up similarly - nothing profound , just lots of simple physical processes . 
  you confused `` prove '' in mathemathical sense with `` prove '' in natural sciences sense . 
  of course the fact that dropping a ball in gravity well make it fall every time you try it does n't prove that it will happen the same always . 
  and the fact that once it actually flew up does n't mean gravity is false ( it might have been a tornado or some other external influence ) . 
  but we got pretty good with this whole science thing , and it 's strange that people accept no problem that tousands of old physical theories were disproved the same way without a hitch , but when it 's about their favorite voodoo concept - suddenly they demand 100 % proof in mathemathical sense . 
  if you belive in ghosts you should also belive in phlogiston and 4 elements , because these theories are more compatible with results of experiments ( meaning - they require less special cases to fix ) than ghosts . 
  and if you want mathemathical proofs for physics - then you should n't belive in gravity , electricity , kinematics , etc.
