  simply too far . 
   conflict is n't about these 7000 but about them being ` foot in the door ' . 
  there 's no law saying we have to accept more of them if we accept the first batch . 
  and there 's a law saying we have to accept the first batch , that we agreed to , that we ignore anyway . 
  how is the `` foot in the door '' even relevant here ? 
   also chechens we took are good argument against these 7000 . 
  how many terrorist attacks by muslims in poland then ? 
  no it 's not my view . 
  i think it 's perfectly possible to disagree with eu and not be authoritharian . 
  i disagreed with both eu and my government when they tried to push acta , i even protested on the streets . 
  wan na see the photos ? 
  in my view 7000 refuges is insignificant ( 1 ) , and certainly worth all the help we got from eu . 
  i also think future cooperation is much more valuable than temporary support of populists and scaremongers that is realistically the only thing refusing these refuges will get us . 
  on the other hand when the government is dismantling independent institutions protecting rule of law and separation of power , and eu is criticizing them for that - i 'm 100 % on the eu side . 
   you 're utterly pathetic . 
  using this kind of arguments only show you do n't have any actual ones . 
  ( 1 ) poland already accepted over 100 000 refuges from chechenia ( much more terrorist-like islam than syria ) several years ago , and no terrorism happened . 
  what 's 7000 ? 
   brain drain is great . 
  most of polish migrants were `` muscle drain '' . 
   with north stream ? 
  for one example with anti-trust investigation initiated by eu against gasprom for monopolistic practices in gas pricing in central and eastern europe . 
  which was recently resolved with an agreement that poland , hungary , and other countries will be able to sell excess russian gas to others ( not the case previously ) , additionally gasprom will have to link prices for gas in c&ee to the prices in western europe , so these countries will pay less ( and russia wo n't be able to politically influence these countries by threathening with gas price increase ) . 
   i like that suggestion we deserved it in 1945 . 
  we did n't . 
  but we brought it on ourselves by incredibly shortsighted foreign policy . 
  just like a drunk half-naked girl walking the bad parts of the city at night . 
  not her fault . 
  still a dumb thing to do . 
   i also love these threats of national destruction what destruction ? 
  just another soft-power overtaking of poland by russia puppets . 
  wannabe dictators in this region of world do n't have much choice - they can only be clients of russia . 
  notice how pis propaganda already paints eu in much worse light than russia despite the smole\u0144sk religion making it kinda awkward . 
  do n't you see how similar the stances are between pis and russia regarding lgbt , refuges , centralizaton of power vs separation of powers , non-government organizations , foreign media ? 
  have you noticed pis supported erdogan after the recent `` we want to be a dictatorship '' turkish referendum ? 
   if you do n't commit one yourself yeah these 7000 people would destroy the nation of poland . 
  just like the previous 100 000 of chechen refuges did . 
   if the smaller countries are getting unbelievable sums of money , would n't the larger countries be the clear losers in this deal ? 
  if you add millions of people to your internal market , and make them rich enough to buy your stuff - it benefits both you and them . 
  that 's the basis on which eu was built . 
  if 20 eu countries agree to take refuges , and only 4 do n't - then it 's not `` few rich countries '' that impose their will on eu , but in fact it 's the opposite - few poor countries trying to impose their will on eu and failing ( mostly because they have nothing to trade with eu in exchange for not taking refuges ) . 
  it 's very sad to see how infignificant ( 7000 in case of poland ) number of refuges is out of question , when millions of poles in the west are ok , eu canceling half of our debts in 1989 , and giving us billions of euro thorugh last 25 years , and also standing up to russians regarding energy security is perfectly fine . 
  that 's the european solidarity these new illiberal `` democracies '' strive for - to only get and never give , no matter how small the gift is . 
  of course it was not because of some `` cultural identity '' or `` security '' or other bullshit . 
  it 's because these governments managed to scare the population with muslims so much that they seem to be the only safe option in their national elections . 
  so it pays for them to paint eu as evil and opposition as western puppets . 
  this will eventually result in these countries being left by allies . 
  you can not be ungrateful asshole for too long , especially when you have next to nothing to offer anyway . 
  and then russia will come and everybody will look the other way . 
  and again poles will have great romantic story about western betrayal and fighting to the last drop of blood . 
  and nobody will see that we brought it on ourselves by stupidity . 
  i just hope my copatriots will sober up in time . 
  in case of central and eastern europe it 's autorhitarian-ish governments spewing anti-eu propaganda to have more support to introduce antidemocratic reforms when eu tells them not to . 
  tbh communism mostly defeated itself . 
  nilfgaard is 3rd reich/russa/rome hybrid . 
  invasion of cintra is invasion of poland in 1939 for example , including the `` stab in the back '' by henselt/stalin . 
  fun fact : the producer of that one later went to jail for corruption on the highest level ( he was taped trying to persuade owner of biggest polish newspaper to pay him so he will make prime minister to change press law ) . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/rywin_affair there were accusations of malversation of movie budgets as well . 
  and sapkowski said the movie crew have n't read the books , but based on comic adaptations ( which would explain ridiculous casting choices like zamachowski as dandelion ) . 
   do n't want to nitpick then do n't . 
  have you seen game of thrones ? 
  witcher saga is relatively smaller scale - especially the short stories . 
  it 's mostly small villages , wilderness , dungeons , etc. 
  usually there 's no more than 20 people in one scene . 
  so it should be doable with smaller budget . 
  only the `` lady of the lake '' book gets `` epic '' . 
  but it 's 2 separate syllables . 
  how do you divide krzdl into syllables ? 
  yup . 
  we like vovels . 
  we just pretend we do n't by using sz/cz/rz . 
  i do n't only mean `` kr '' , you have lots of words missing a vovel or two compared to polish . 
  krv compared to krew is another example . 
  also krzdl ? 
  how do you even read that ? 
  yeah it happens sometimes but rarely . 
  you just go over the top with it . 
  like : `` kark '' in polish , `` krk '' in czech . 
  where are the vovels ? 
  krak\u00f3w in czech/slovak would probably be called krkv , 
  well , it 's not like you speak it , you just understand it mostly . 
  and there are words with different roots . 
  czech sometimes feel like alternate world polish . 
  like , we have the same roots to choose from , but when you have to choose among a few possible roots for a new word , they usually choose the other one  example - ci\u0105gn\u0105\u0107 = to pull , wlec = to tug/draw . 
  in polish train is `` poci\u0105g '' , in czech - `` vlak '' . 
  there are many such cases and there 's whole branch of jokes in polish about fake czech translations . 
  m\u0105\u017c = husband ( also archaicaly `` man '' , but it 's , like , biblical language ) ch\u0142op = peasant ( also `` guy '' or maybe `` bloke '' - there are connotations , you would n't call your boss `` ch\u0142op '' on a formal meeting ) informally you can also say facet instead of m\u0119\u017cczyzna . 
  btw i worked in slovakia for a few weeks , and the main thing i envy you is `` funguje '' . 
  it 's useful word . 
  also the whole time i felt like a pirate ( ahoj everywhere  ) . 
  but you have too many kr sounds . 
  it 's like you have sore throat all the time . 
  try slovak or ukrainian written in latin script . 
  roughly the same experience . 
  russian has the most different word-roots . 
  macedonian/bulgarian has the most different grammar . 
  why make funny letters with roofs when you can just thrown in `` z '' after every second consonant ? 
  handwritten cyryllic is awful , though . 
  herbata is just one example , i would n't generalize . 
  if anything it 's russian that is the most different when it comes to word roots .
