  increasing social donations and public debt is rightist , conservative monetary policy - leftist ? 
  nationalising farming land and removing requirements for open competition for public offices is somehwo `` rightists '' ? 
  i am leftist then , thank you . 
  lol, 
  it 's insanity all the way down . 
  it 's scary to see family and friends affected by it . 
   po simply stole money from the retirement funds . 
  i am against that particular change ( because it hides the real public debt ) , but it was more complicated than that . 
  they changed the law so that the part of money that ofe got from state to obligatorily spent on state obligations ( that was later spent on zus ) - went directly to zus instead . 
  it was basicaly just accounting trick to hide part of the debt ( the money were going there anyway in the end , jsut going through ofes in the process ) . 
  it was bad idea from the start ( useless moving money back and forth few times ) , but the proper fix was to remove the requirment that ofes spend that money on state obligations , not to remove that part of the fund altogether . 
  and i do n't give a shit about their motivation . 
  i do n't want my country to become half-autocracy . 
  we had 13 years of `` sanation '' before ww2 . 
  do you remember how it ended ? 
  and this time they are even less competent . 
  president from pis broke the constitution . 
  pis government broke the constitution too . 
  but it 's all ok , because they got 38 % in last elections , and previous government was bad . 
  that 's the logic of pis supporters . 
  pis is already going full ahead to create a mix between orban and putin states . 
  eu is `` the devil '' . 
  national media complain about `` german propaganda '' , `` leftists '' , and eu each day . 
  no amount of appeasment would have worked anyway , because pis needs external enemy ( and russia is n't a good one , because it 's much more similar ideologicaly to pis programme , than eu ) . 
  most poles do n't have strong opinion one way or another , and are suspicious of sudden changes like that ( `` we were always at war with euroasia '' ) . 
  i do n't think what eu does will help , but i also do n't think it will hurt . 
  we 're in deep shit anyway . 
  i 'm just afraid of the important infrastructural projects that will fail because of pis and eu fighting this battle . 
  but then again - they were always about ideology and not practical matters . 
  you said they did nothing unexpected . 
  they did blocked tk , removed requirements for open competition for jobs in state companies , changed people working for decades on many positions to people that have no experience whatsoever ( and do abysmal job ) . 
  was that expected ? 
  you said `` it 's not about constitution '' but they clearly break constitution they do n't have enough support to change . 
   poles voted for the party that formed the current government . 
  the party in question already was in power . 
  anything they do is not unexpected . 
  they got 38 % of the votes . 
  turnout was around 50 % . 
  nobody expected they will break the constitution . 
  they have like 20-30 % hardcore supporters , and the rest of poland is either neutral , or does n't want them to mess with law . 
  so - stop saying `` poles '' . 
  say `` pis supporters '' . 
  thank you . 
  also - they do n't have support of 66 % of the voters , so they ca n't change the constitution . 
  no amount of tryign to cover this with `` but they have won elections '' , and `` po did worse '' and `` foreign conspiracy '' wo n't change that . 
   factually your only proof is `` us congress did what he proposed '' . 
   and not by accident if they had the real document - why would they produce the fake ? 
  and if they produced the fake one without the real document - how can it be true `` not by accident '' . 
   in terms of percentage we have n't seen anything like the immigration we receive today . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/migration_period  do you assume it originated outside of europe ? 
  i assume it originated in one place and people migrated all over europe and india taking it with them . 
  and these migrations were more significant percentage-wise than current migrations ( because previous languages mostly died out ) . 
  yes . 
  becuase there were at most a few milions of people in europe then , and there 's over 500 millions now . 
  you have to compare percentages , not absolute values . 
  btw do you know why indo-european languages are called so ? 
   europe has always been diverse thanks to mass immigrations , 
  tl ; dr `` even if it 's fake , maybe it 's true by accident '' . 
  really , that 's your best argument ? 
  it 's `` towards nations '' , not countries . 
  so it makes some sense . 
  still awful that we dislike so much people for no reason . 
  in some countries food is cheap but oil and electronics is expansive . 
  in other countries food is expansive but oil is cheap . 
  you have to consciously choose how you want to join these factors into one number , and big mac index basicaly says `` fuck it , whatever goes into making a big mac matters and everything else does n't '' . 
  polan can not into space , but spaces are polish anyway . 
  well , yes , obviously , you do n't say `` i 'm developing nukes '' . 
  you test them and say `` i have nukes '' . 
  nobody cares about papers so the eu will suddenly grow balls and invade a country that has nukes ? 
  somehow i ca n't imagine that . 
  how is the `` invade north korea '' operaton going , anyway ? 
  as for economy - there 's not much to sanction in ukraine anymore . 
  would be best to use average as 100 for both imho . 
  becuase it has the most people . 
  it 's 36 mln country , and other countries in c&ee are much smaller . 
  poland lost around 5 % of population to emigration , which is almost 2 000 000 people ( it depends how you count and if you substract the ukrainians that came now , but let 's take 2 000 000 ) . 
  lithuania has 2 800 000 people , and had 3 500 000 people in 1990 . 
  which gives them atrocious emigration rate of 14 % . 
  but it 's still `` just '' 500 000 of emigrants . 
  latvia - 13 % of population . 
  estonia - 17 % . 
  she wo n't say `` i 'm kaczy\u0144ski puppet '' if you want such proof , but for one example - when orban visited poland in january he met kaczy\u0144ski and they spoke for 6 hours in niedzica . 
  was szyd\u0142o even there ? 
  even most pis supporters do n't pretend it 's not kaczy\u0144ski who makes all the decisions . 
  i 'm all for freedom of information , but  the downfall of governments and the elite that run them the downfall of one government is always a start of another one . 
  and historicaly the faster the downfall the worse the next government is . 
  unless your current government is really shitty ( bottom 10 % ? ), 
  you should n't expect a violent change to result in a better one . 
  szyd\u0142o has almost as much decision power in that government as medvedev has in russia . 
  it 's all micromanaged by kaczy\u0144ski . 
  abortion law was n't an issue during election campaign . 
  poland had the current law for over a decade , and neither pis nor szyd\u0142o mentioned they want to change it . 
  therefore voter turnout is irrelevant in this matter , and the only option to express their opinion on that matter is protesting . 
  and i do think pis will back off ( most probably by organizing referendum that is almost sure to stop the law change - outright refusing to do what church told them would be very harmful for pis , but referendum would be a good excuse , and wo n't force them to alienate half of their voters ) . 
   grams = mls 40 % alcohol has + - 0.9 kg per liter , so counting grams instead of liters you drink around 10 % more . 
   no sane person in russia would be starting a world war for no reason obviously no - the reason would be `` estonia is persecuting our minority '' or sth like that . 
  also - it does n't matter what any sane person in russia wants . 
  who wanted crimea 10 years ago ? 
  italy - armani france - chapmagne , channe 5 denmark - lego the rest i agree with . 
  belarus : world of tanks ,
