   what the hell would anybody expect to happen ? 
  if not for weapons and army from russia nothing would happen . 
  do you really think eastern ukrainians would start that rebellion if not for russia ? 
  there would be some demonstrations , then there would be next elections with some compromise between western and eastern ukraine . 
  russia had to mess up cause ukraine were escaping its influences , so it 's russian fault . 
  the military stuff happened only because russia invaded ukraine by-proxy . 
  that happened only because ukraine did majdan . 
  becoming part of nato was n't a goal of majdan , so i do n't see how nato membership for ukraine is relevant to the discussion . 
  thanks to nord stream it 's even possible . 
  ukraine is example of the option you advocate ( `` not allowing them to retake the countries but not bringing nato close to them '' ) . 
  it shows that you are in fact wrong , because it 's hard not to allow russia to mess with a country if it 's not in nato . 
  poland , czech republic , slovakia , baltic states , romania , hungary ( the countries you say were wrongly admited to nato ) pose no problem to the world . 
  there is peace there , nobody tries to take them down , they do n't invade anybody . 
  hungary is a small problem recently , but still nothing on the scale of ukraine . 
  had ukraine been in nato there would be no problem there now , too . 
  it was the fact that russians got too much from the west after the collapse that was the problem . 
  the more you give them the more they want . 
  putin got reset with obama and what have he done with it ? 
  his end goal is ussr 2.0 with orthodox relligion and russian nationalism instead of communism as the main ideology . 
  but all the power mechanisms will be the exact same - censorship , militarization , brainwashing , etc. 
  that 's the main problem , not russian neighbors or western politics . 
   also , did you know that poland has a huge responsibility for existence of ussr ? 
   poland ? 
  pi\u0142sudski - yes . 
  i do n't report people on internet . 
   because there is literally no connection betwen how hard russian citizens had it after ussr died and holodomor . 
  literally . 
  but of course there is connection . 
  ussr was supposedly communist country , and its many failures were caused by that . 
  it collapsed because of it , and it forced people to starve because of it . 
  that 's what happens when you pay no matter if someone works or no , and get people property from them . 
  but the main thing i was going for was - it was good that ussr collapsed because it was bad state for its people . 
  so no matter small inconveniences you complain about - it was better that it failed . 
  before it collapsed it forced millions of other people you do n't care about to suffer much worse things than people in moscow did when it collapsed . 
   and what ussr and holodomor got to do with anything ? 
  you were complaining ( in quite condescending way ) that the fall of ussr were hard on moscow citizens . 
  i said ( using your style of conversation ) the ussr was hard on other people , so no big deal . 
  at least the failed experiment is over now . 
  yes obviously russia is trying to make an example of what happens when you protest against russian aggression . 
  some countries like hungary already felt for that . 
  that 's why energy union would be a great thing for eu . 
  and why nord stream pipeline was a bad thing . 
  schreder did eu a lot of harm ( and got bribes for it ) - he should have been taken to court for that . 
  anyway - it 's still not worth to become russian bitch like hungary just to get the gas flowing . 
  we will manage . 
  i do n't get your point ? 
  i have n't said anything about occupation of poland nor katy\u0144 massacre . 
  you were the one to bring it up . 
  i wrote that ussr is responsible for hlodomor in ukraine so it 's weird to complain about a small food shortages when it finally collapsed . 
  it was a reasonable ( if risky ) research - they tried to achieve fusion cheaper than the current state of art , following a theory by prof. kaliski . 
  it would be possible to use it both for bombs and for power generation , so if successful it would be economicaly worth it . 
  and we obviously had the money for that , because we were doing it , and had been able to waste still more money on a lot of useless stuff . 
  2 can play that game . 
  oh poor boy , you had no food for 2-3 days ? 
  ukrainians had no food for months thanks to ussr . 
   russia was pushed back and humiliated so much , after the end of the cold war . 
  yeah , we should just let them occupy half of europe so they do n't feel humiliated . 
  would be much better . 
   also we never had anything approaching enough money for nuclear program . 
  we had nuclear program . 
  during soviet times , gierek tried to get poland nukes independently from russians . 
  ussr got the news , the main scientist http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/sylwester_kaliski had accident and that was it . 
   no , when did i ever say this ? 
  you said russia has the right to decide for ukraine which alliances it can be part of . 
   i disagree with ukraine joining nato , that 's it . 
  ukraine have n't joined nato , and it probably would n't have . 
  not that i have anything against it . 
   let me ask you something , what do you think is going to happen ? 
  is ukraine going to join nato and regain all the territory from the separatists ? 
  really . . ? 
  do you honestly think that ?? 
  and if not , then were n't all these lives in vain . 
  ukraine protested on the majdan to be able to : - get rid of corrupt moscow crooks ( like janukowycz ) - change the constitution back ( the changes janukowycz made were slowly turning ukraine into authoritarian country ) - be able to enter partnership with eu . 
  they were n't fighting to join nato - some of them my want that in the end , but that was n't the goal . 
  why you keep speaking about that ? 
  and then it 's not ukrainian fault that russians are assholes . 
  the invader is to be blamed for war victims , not the invaded country . 
  and no - defending freedom is not `` in vain '' . 
   do you think the us would allow mexico or canada to join an alliance with russia/china , and would n't help rebels that might be against that and more pro us ? 
  i am not sure , but even if usa would do something wrong that does n't mean it would be right for russia or anyone else to do the same . 
  `` usa beating blacks '' does n't mean it 's ok . 
  all in polish : tok fm - discussion and news radio - many good debates ( but the bratkowski and pasent ones are often cringeworthy : / ) http://www.tokfm.pl/tokfm/0,130137.html tr\u00f3jka ( polish radio three ) http://www.polskieradio.pl/9,trojka - ok mainstream music , some nice discussions akademickie radio centrum http://centrum.fm/ - a lot of alternative music . 
  funny `` half-proffesional '' atmosphere ( it 's made by students ) . 
  yeah and there were poles and even jews escaping from invaded poland to germany during september 1939 . 
  so what ? 
  civilians prefer not to live on the front line . 
  does n't change the fact that agressor is the one to be blamed , not the victim . 
  so , russia has its sphere of influence so it has the right to force neighbors to do what it wants ? 
  by that logic poland has its sphere of influence too . 
  we want ukraine to be independent of russia . 
  why should russia have its way and not poland or ukraine ? 
  does nukes make russia right ? 
  you essentialy say `` might makes the right '' . 
  but by that law russia should be usa vassal , cause usa is far more powerful than russia . 
  there 's bigger difference between usa and russia , than between russia and ukraine . 
  or if you only count neighbors then china is also more powerful than russia by far . 
  is russia in chinese sphere of influence ? 
  it should be according to russian logic , so china has the right to choose russian politicians and decide their policy . 
  do you agree ? 
  this whole `` spheres of influence '' idea that russia preaches is based on giving more rights to more powerful countries , yet russia do n't want to apply it to themselves , it still thinks of itself like it 's 1980 .
