  that 's about it . 
  the smole\u0144sk conspiracy theory is `` obama is a muslim '' level retardness . 
  president 's office was organising that flight on their own , because previously pm tusk and president kaczy\u0144ski were arguing about the plane they had to share . 
  and president kaczy\u0144ski publicly scolded a pilot that declined to land in georgia under russian fire , when there was war around and georgians did n't even knew the plane was supposed to land there . 
  president later was outraged and called the pilot `` coward '' . 
  that 's roughly the level of proffesionalism we 're speaking about . 
  so when they decided to land in fog on airfield not prepared for that - it 's obviously the fault of conspiracy of theri political enemies that they crashed . 
  this particular lesson was internalized between 1945 and 1989 . 
   that the parties use to throw out all the old people there whenever they get into government to some degree - yes . 
  but it 's not as simple . 
  pis is trying to justify the way they do things , so they portrait every previous government as doing the same . 
  it was never as bad as now . 
  mostly because po had their propaganda in private media ( tvn and wyborcza ) so they had no reason to mess with public media ( as much ) . 
  for one thing one of the biggest critics of po and supporters of pis - ziemkiewicz - had a show in public tv for years during po government . 
  there 's no critique of pis in public media now . 
  and yes , things will need to be fixed after pis . 
  lots of things . 
  i think constitution should be changed to prevent messing up with constutitional court in the first place . 
  and then other stuff - separation of powers ( again ) , independent media ( again ) . 
  it 's too early i think , because pis will break lots of stuff in the meantime . 
  of course there are pro-po and pro-pis media . 
  and a few mostly neutral ( but pis voters tend to see them as pro-po because they do what you said - complain about breaking the law etc. ) . 
  the problem is - most `` simple '' people do n't care about law and constitution , etc. 
  pis hires some `` expert '' that says all is ok , and it 's `` she said he said '' . 
  who cares 95 % of experts agree with the media on that one . 
  i think part of it is how quickly pis does all of that . 
  there was no time for the usual `` tiring of voters '' with the government . 
  they still think `` government = us '' . 
  all that marshing in demonstrations against pis gets you is being labeled as communist and thief , even by people that are n't pis voters . 
  throwing shit all around is the skill kaczy\u0144ski honed to perfection . 
  and it sticks . 
  all oposition leaders are steretyped as stupid incompetent weak traitors . 
  and people believe in that . 
  pis voters at once believe december protests were a serious try to take over power by force ( a coup ) , and believe it was only unsuccesfull because opposition leaders are stupid . 
   at times , 
  rational reasons does n't matter . 
  it will be argument and people will buy it . 
  the stereotypes are : tvn `` tusk magnificent victory '' tvp `` victory for pis despite german conspiracy '' polsat `` fuck this shit , here 's some ads '' and while tvn manipulate a lot they do n't publish outright lies as often as tvp does . 
  it 's state owned company , fianced mostly by ads , and a little by a special tv tax paid by people with tv or radio receivers ( abonament , do n't know how to translate that ) . 
  there are traces of government-independent control in the form of krrit , but it 's less and less independent with pis changing most of them and changing the law around it . 
  and anyway pis does n't care about law , when sombody says they do sth illegal they just ignore it . 
  i 'm wondering if it 's what kaczy\u0144ski counts on . 
  then he can say tusk in revange took money from poles . 
  i hope it would n't work , but still , some people are just ... 
  kaczy\u0144ski and tusk were in one party in nineties . 
  then you will be shot anyway  it 's the miracle of democracy . 
  and when you jump you might land on hay or sth . 
  pope would be papie\u017c . 
  papa is diminuitive for father , and works as well ( using it makes this sound like a child disappointed in his father ) . 
  it 's on purpose , to show ignorance . 
  i think . 
  it 's the official response of polish government , illustrated . 
  `` german candidate donald tusk has won '', 
  and : lithuania , russia , czech republic , slovakia , hungary , etc. 
  he was already on of the most popular polish writers abroad before games . 
  just not in `` the west '' . 
  mostly because of translations problems i guess . 
  i agree in principle . 
  it 's the reason i voted razem last time , not po . 
  but i disagree in practice , because the next government will either be pis or po , and i very much prefer po . 
  yup , i did n't voted po because of that , but in retrospection it was a mistake , i underestimated how bad pis will be ( and i did n't expected they wo n't need a coallition ) . 
  already pis overtook nepotism and corruption of po in 1.5 years . 
  why do you think the first thing pis did was to cancel the requirement for proven competences and for open competition for jobs in administration ? 
  because it 's better for transparency if you can choose whoever , and public does n't even know there is a job open ? 
  i 'm sure it 's to fight kolesiostwo and corruption . 
  nothing better than doing these things in hiding . 
  let 's look at skok banks falling one after another , while pis member senator bierecki ( who was in commision overlooking skoks , and also was owner of a private company that was wokring for that commision and was paid from public funds to control skoks , and he was also member of some skoks boards that was controlled by his company paid by public money dispensed by his own commision ) - he lost billions of pln , and ziobro ( member of pis and general persecutor - how about kolesiostwo ? ), 
  suspended the court case against him . 
  but it 's ok , because po members eat tentacles and cursed in private conversations , while speaking about how to best take over foreign gas markets for polish companies ... oh and also amber gold - a private company that was n't properly controlled . 
  like it never happened before or after . . 
  still no proofs of corruption . 
  still the main argument of pis supporters . 
  as for `` motorways affair '' - let 's look at effects , shall we ? 
  we even have historic precedense to this meme . 
  during communism some people believed https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/w%c5%82adys%c5%82aw_anders will return `` on a white horse '' to deliver us from communists . 
  and that 's why he was the only guy to rule poland for 2 full consecutive terms . 
  there were few to even rule for full one term . 
  and under his government poland survived the european crisis the best out of the whole eu . 
  and in the meantime we build more than 50 % of all motorways and expressways that exist in poland . 
  in 8 years . 
  he even did nessesary unpopular reforms ( retirement age increase ) . 
  oh , and he suspended mandatory military service and created professional army . 
  of course he was n't all good ( see ofe ) , but for me it was the best government since buzek . 
  33 % last poll ( before the debacle with tusk ) . 
  i 'd say they should go below 30 % soon ( and they already introduced biggest social spending in polish history , and are short on cash ) . 
  no way they survive till next elections . 
  pis literally do n't give a fuck . 
  their whole diplomacy is a farce . 
  by which they mean he supported the opposition protests against abuse of power by polish government . 
  so , a beer once a week , is more than w\u00f3dka once a month ? 
  nice map . 
  it 's like eurovision - it was better when judges voted , not people . 
  lol , it 's a thing . 
  you ask like you do n't know how president works in poland for example ? 
  the problem is - the faulty one is the one still alive . 
  apparently eu cared more for opinion of latvia than that of poland , 
  or , you know , hungary 's backing . 
  czech republic ? 
  lithuania ? 
  romania ?
