  if russians were n't sure about that they would n't invade ukraine ( giving perfect pretext ) . 
  the only way in which nato harms russia is - russia ca n't continue to bully countries that join nato . 
  or at least the bullying is much less effective . 
  it 's a quirk of russian strategic thinking - you either control someone or he is a threat . 
  of course the russian propaganda ( mostly for internal consumption ) says nato is going to invade any time now , but it 's bullshit and everybody knows it . 
  russian english - regular english dictionary : - a threat to russia = a country russia ca n't bully, 
  being in nato = poitning gun at russia ? 
   it 's a matter of statistics that they will be used by the same logic it 's just a matter of time till 1 kg of shit turn into 1 kg of gold . 
  the probability is non-zero , so it will eventually happen . 
  i thought kindle = kundel = mixed race dog ? 
  edit : i was wrong , i 've heard people refering to kindle ebook readers as `` kundelek '' , but it was just phonetic similarity apparently . 
  neither was greek . 
  latin took over anyway . 
   you really ca n't compare any language in history to the environment that english is now flourishing in . 
  we 're a truly globalized society and english came at just the right time to take advantage of that . 
  for one thing - with ai advancments it 's very probable that automatic translation will become good enough at some point . 
  there you go - no point in learning foreign languages except for fun . 
  i 've read sci-fi where this led to tower of babel-like diversification of languages ( even inside one country ) because there was no pressure to be understandable to all the people you interact with - you can speak unique slang and translator will handle it . 
  i do n't believe in 30 years + future prediction ( i 've seen quite a few obviously impossible things happening in my lifetime and i 'm 30 ) , and i certainly do n't believe in predicting future by assuming `` nothing will change '' . 
  tenses are the worst and most overcomplicated part of english to be honest . 
  maybe second worst , after spelling . 
  for comparison - in polish verb ending determines the tense , that 's it . 
  just like you do n't have special word order for speaking about plural and singular objects - just change one word ending and you 're done . 
  and conditionals in english make no sense . 
  `` if it rains i 'll be wet '' why is `` raining '' in present tense if you speak about future ? 
  in polish it 's `` if it will rain - i 'll be wet '' . 
  same reason everybody bothered switching from latin . 
  same reason everybody in poland had to know russian 30 years ago and nobody spoke english . 
  and now it 's the opposite . 
  usa will fade like all empires do , and something else will appear . 
  probably from asia . 
  just a matter of time . 
  i bet on chinesee to be the next english , it 's more regular than english , and easier . 
  it just needs to invent good writing system . 
  english/french/latin , does n't make that much difference . 
  we need international language , it 's not the first and it wo n't be the last . 
  i 'm also not concerned too much about english influence on polish . 
  polish was already stealing words and phrases from latin , german , turkish , hungarian , yidish , italian , french , etc. 
  poles in middle ages complained about that already  a few centuries later polish is doing ok . a few decades of stealing from english wo n't hurt . 
  also in the end importing words enrich the language . 
  for example polish imported these words for `` color '' from other languages : - farba ( from german ) - kolor ( from latin ) - barwa ( from czech ) - tynktura ( from french ? 
  latin ? 
  it 's certainly not native ) later these words started to be used with polish grammar rules and spelling , then they diversified , now they mean slightly different things , or are used with different secondary meanings/in different contexts . 
  stealing makes the language better . 
  another example - there is 2 different words for batteries in polish : akumulator ( from latin through french ) = rechargeable battery , and bateria ( from english ) = non-rechargeable battery . 
  had we only stolen one - we would need to say '' \u0142adowalna bateria '' ( rechargeable battery ) - much less convenient . 
  another example - `` i 'm sorry '' is `` przepraszam '' in polish , but it 's used mostly when you really mean the `` sorry '' part , for casual sorry ( when you bump into someone for example ) poles used french `` pardon '' 30 years ago , and recently we switched to `` sorry '' ( i blame the hollywood movies ) . 
  so now we have 3 words for `` i 'm sorry '' , 1 for sincere , deep apologies , and 2 for casual ones , depending if you want to be perceived old-style , or more modern . 
  again - language benefits from more expressive power . 
  and then people invent new forms using polish grammar rules , for example `` sorki '' = diminuitive from `` sorry '' , for even more casual `` i 'm sorry '' . 
  i 'm of the opinion that languages are like dogs - ~ ~ kindles ~ ~ mutts are the most healthy . 
  as long as polish flexion system remains - the language will keep its identity , and we can steal from others . 
  russia broke the agreement first - it invaded ukraine and annexed parts of it . 
  that is significant change in `` security einvironment '' . 
  it 's technicaly not breaking the agreement , it 's just the equipment , without soldiers . 
  that does not constitute `` combat forces '' . 
  it was also mentioned , that nato combat forces can be temporarily stationed in eastern europe , just not permanently ( see nato exercises for other examples ) . 
  but most importantly - baltic states need the protection and russia do n't play fair anyway , no point in keeping in line with already broken agreements . 
  it 's clearly fault of usa and poland that putin annexed parts of ukraine . 
  surely selling russia a few irrelevant countries east to germany will solve the problem . 
  if they could be expelled without fighting they would be in russia for years already . 
  if they fall for that they get -2 stability hit on war declaration . 
  but russia used ` support rebels ' instead . 
  9/10 would liberate again . 
  be careful what you wish for . 
  pacifism only works if everybody are pacifists , in other circumstances it 's harmful . 
  i estimate chanes for everybodyin the world to become pacifist to be significantly smaller than 1 % . 
  therefore pacifism is harmful . 
  would you per chance prefer small conventional war now to ww3 with nukes in 10 years ? 
  yeah . 
  also if not for pacifists and appeasment there would be no ww2 nor holocaust , just quick war to get hitler situation sorted out in mid 30s . 
  yeah , should work , too , but it 's expansive . 
  do you think their situation now would be same or worse if there was no colonialism ? 
  do you think your country situation now would be same or better if not for colonies ? 
  i argue the answer for both is `` no '' , so your country should help them . 
  much less effective . 
  compare fertility in scandinavia ( all the incentives you can imagine ) with fertility in africa . 
  also it 's expansive , while lowering education spending will decrease spending . 
  clearly the way forward is - cuts in education . 
   so by your logic everyone should just provide for every homeless dude who comes knocking and invite them into his house and prodivde him with shelter and food , indefinitely ? 
  if your father stolen his father house and that 's the reason he 's homeless and you 're not - sure . 
  it seems the more educated people are - the less babies they make . 
  we can decrease financing of education if we want cheap solution . 
  a lot of world can be understood just by looking at the map of density of population/capital/education / sickness etc , and by expecting the density to average out in the long term . 
  politics is ultimately futile against entropy . 
  you benefit from the capital your ancestors accumulated from colonies , though . 
  why accept the benefits and not the responsibilities ? 
   these cities are n't simply the cheapest to visit ( in fact the cheapest option , kiev , does n't even feature because , let 's be honest , who would want to visit kiev at the moment ?! ), 
  i 'm going to ukraine this summer , it 's not really dangerous in western ( the interesting ) part , and l'viv is stunning . 
  i 'll see kiev too . 
  and it was already cheap before their currency tanked to 30 % , now it should be outrageously cheap . 
  it does n't really matter . 
  polish strategy in case russia comes and germany does nothing : invade germany , expell germans to poland . 
  much easier than defending against russia wihtout support . 
  i actually love it . 
  both tax criminals and government will be more careful next time . 
  8/10 would fear, 
  it 's 2015 , not 1970 . 
  russia is russia , not the soviet union . 
   hysteria , everywhere you look .
