  simplification : - south = high population density , most people live in many medium sized cities - east = medium population density , most people live in few big cities and in tons of small villages - north and west = small population density , most people live in big and medium size cities another thing - west feels it 's better than the east , east feels abandoned by government because of the focus on west and warsaw . 
  but imho it 's overstated , the main difference is population distribution . 
  it 's funny to read the article with all these big claims , and then realize they could n't get 100 000 people in 38\u00a0000\u00a0000 country to support their candidature  . 
  btw russia today and sputniknews love to quote mateusz piskorski as `` polish politician '' . 
  the good communism brought in eastern europe would have happened also if it was n't there , but probably faster , 
   was it because communism separated the church and state and polish people are very catholic ? 
  you do n't understand how it worked . 
  my grandfather was fired from being a director of a state collective farm , because `` friendly '' neighbor sent photos of him in church to the higher powers . 
  when he was fired his boss shown him the photos and said sth to the effect `` you understand , we ca n't allow that '' . 
  it was n't separation , it was persecution . 
  and communism is in big part responsible for the fact that poles are so catholic now ( that 's bad imho , so i do n't like communism for that reason too  ) btw that was in 70s - supposedly the best time of communism in poland , long after the worst stalinist persecutions . 
  my father repeated a year in high school because he argued with his history teacher than in fact , katy\u0144 happened , and that pi\u0142sudski was n't a nazi . 
  it was a system that constantly lied to you on every level , and was very bad at it , so everybody knew it 's lies , yet everybody were forced to repeat them in public . 
  it was sickening . 
  the solidarity in 80s had motto `` we want truth and bread '' . 
  more or less , but never so much . 
  ah , the famous `` let 's hurt myself to get mother 's attention '' foreign policy . 
  yup . 
  hopefuly most of these promises by pis were just `` election sausage '' . 
  yup seriously , and that 's a good thing imho . 
  it 's divided by party , so it 's not overwhelming - and you get to choose 1 out of 30-40 names from the party you like . 
  we changed the senate election system to fptp few years ago , and this elections must have been an eye opener for everybody regarding the fptp system . 
  most of poland had to choose 1 name out of 3 for senate , and 1 name out of 23 big pages of names for the sejm ( lower parliament ) where there is proportional system . 
  should shut the fptp proponents finally . 
  nope , israel was not even mentioned in this elections ( it 's usually not a thing , gets no more attention than any other small distant country ) . 
  there are sometimes exceptions - in last presidential elections there was this guy https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/grzegorz_braun he is antisemite and talks about jews constantly , he got 0.83 %, 
  yes , but people want more , and do n't want to wait . 
  we compare ourselves with germany and uk , not with ee . 
  i was joking , basing on the way korwin voters routinely cheat internet polls by mass brigading . 
  see wykop if you do n't believe me . 
  too full of themselves , absurdly dumb presidential and parliamentary election campaigns , a lot of small corruption scandals with too slow reactin by the party leaders , 2 full terms is a lot in poland , too ( it was the first time since 1989 that one party ruled for more than 4 years ( full term ) , and often parties ruled for less than full term ) . 
  also po did some unpopular reforms ( increasing retirement age , taking money from private retirement funds to the national ones , increasing taxes ) . 
  pis used grassroots black pr , mostly by the people that lost on transformation , or were disillusioned with the current system ( because of bad jobs , small salaries , etc ) . 
  also the refuges that po agreed to take were n't popular with many right-wing poles , and po is seen as too cozy with germany ( agreeing on everything ) . 
  also ewa kopacz was a very weak prime minister . 
  kukiz : a conservative , right wing protest party by ex-singer against conservative right-wing government ( that was today succeded by another conservative right-wing government )  they won support suddenly by propagating fptp voting system instead of current proportional one ( and backed off a little after people explained to them how it actually works  ) . 
  they are also for ownership of guns by general population , and i on most of questions about anything else they avoided answers by shouting that the main thing is to put previous government in jail and to change the corrupt system . 
  psl ( polish peasants ' party ) : conservative center right party , but ideology is unimprtant for them , they were the minority partner in all coallitions since 1989 excpet one iirc . 
  they protect farmers interests ( keep the unfair retirement system benefiting them ) , and will form coallition with the devil if he gives them the farming ministry office . 
  they were benign most of the time , but could be dangerous if they enable pis to change constitution modern poland : liberal right wing party , promising flat 16 % tax rate for pit , cit and vat . 
  appeared suddenly just before elections and got big results in polls , some indirect connections to previous government ( po ) ask for specific details . 
  have you seen the average korwin voter ? 
  he would n't lie to people asking him who he voted . 
  he wouild go again to the local and back to be counted 2 times , 
  usually the exit polls were very close to the real results . 
  sld - yup . 
  korwin is extreme right-wing nut ( he 's in european parliament right now , you might heard him sputing bullshit a few times already ) . 
  that 's because estonia is very very right wing  same thing in poland - in any normal country 95 % of our parliament members would be considered right or extreme right . 
  voters call them leftists , 
  you do n't have to support leftists . 
  but it helps if the guy you support do n't tell people that : - global warming is a scam - women are inherently less intelligent than men - democracy is bad and we should have monarchy - refuges are garbage - putin did nothing wrong - personal income taxes and corporate income taxes should be abolished completely - there should be no public education at all ( even primary shools ) , and no public healthcare - poland should exit eu it 's hard to take you seriously if you vote such guy . 
  it 's basicaly more retarded donald trump without billions dollars . 
  i give her 1 year , 
  it could technicaly happen for any party that had 1/3 of all seats + 1 in parliament . 
  because parties with less than 5 % ( like korwin with 4.9 % and razem with 3.9 % ) and coallitions of parties with less than 8 % ( like united left with 6.6 % ) do n't make it to the parliament . 
  so the 460 of seats in parliament are distributed proportionaly among the parties that did make it past the threshold . 
  i remember the first elections in free poland - we had beer lovers ' party among other things . 
  dozens of small parties with a few percents in parliament = after the elections a big party that pays more gets mps from them and has majority . 
  it 's not a good system . 
  still not enough to change constitution ( need 2/3 of votes ) , so fortunately wo n't happen . 
  unless kukiz and a few mps stolen from other parties help them . 
  i 'm not even mad at pis victory , because korwin and sld are not in sejm !!!!, 
  drinking should start . 
  also - counting till szyd\u0142o steps down from the office started . 
  why would you want that law ( even if there were no loopholes ) ? 
  how sophisticated of you, 
  do n't speak for the whole nation , please . 
  ah , the eugenics argument , 
  1600 is ok ? 
  it was more like communism attempted us, 
  fuck gays is such ironic slogan, 
  hitler was second in the elections , heidenburg won that elections , and nominated hitler later , if you really want to bring hitler to this . 
  my point was - being democraticaly elected and having huge support at some point does n't mean that you are n't a threat to democracy ( which was your point , that 's the only reason i bring them up - as a counterexample ) . 
  i 'm not concerned about uk ( i do n't live there ) , nor facebook ( i do n't use it ) , and i do n't consider these some sort of ideal that we should strive for . 
  i 'm concerned about poland , and i do n't like increasing the amount of restrictions of freedom of speech . 
  btw : you sure like to start your arguments with '' ~ ~ what ~ ~ how about '' , 
  1 is still some . 
  putin was democraticaly elected too . 
  and has even better support than orban . 
  perfect example of democracy i 'm sure . 
  lack of freedom of speech is a threat of democracy . 
  orban restricted freedom of speech . 
  kaczy\u0144ski wants to pursue similar politic to orban ( according to kaczy\u0144ski himself ) . 
  which of these points is false ? 
   believed in communism in 80s ? 
  nope , it gets assigned a soul from souls queue during the fertilization . 
  makes the masturbation and preservatives ban illogical . 
  do n't try to steal their show , 
  not the pc !, 
  why the change ( from razem in last such thread ) ? 
  thanks . 
  the report ( big pdf , in polish ) http://www.cenea.org.pl/images/stories/pdf/commentaries/raport5.pdf, 
  could you say more about your economic program ? 
  i mean - how are you going to get more money if you only increase taxes to small percentage of society , what are the exact numbers ( do you have them , and i do n't only mean the taxes calculator , also stuff like how much every point in program will cost ) . 
  and what 's up with the state-run factories and nationalization of railways etc ? 
  well , yes , it is n't . 
  just like there 's no data for `` do n't like all 8 groups '' , or `` do n't like gays and foreigners but no problems with others '' . 
  they would have to put 256 bars for each party to list all the possible opinions . 
  treat the data as 8 independent questions . 
  i agree that it would be interesting to see more detailed data ( and see the correlations for example ) .
