  still not banned in europe . 
  it was ' t banned . 
  it just had no money because of sanctions . 
  russians kill people in ukraine with support of government and voters at home . 
  for months already . 
  are you really surprised people complain ? 
  truth is bad for russians , they are not used to it . 
  apparently in poland keeping money in bank is risky , 
  if these genocides are acknowledged , the people responsible - judged , and nobody makes heroes out of them - no need to mention these . 
  see holocaust . 
  unfortunately there are many genocides that does n't fullfil the conditions . 
  because most american-irish are culturally american , and most german-turkish are culturally turkish ? 
  give me a break . 
  all post-soviet countries had these problems . 
  russians just were n't ready to leave the superpower times behind . 
  so what ? 
  women are naturally more suited for being mothers , does n't mean you can force women to be a mother . 
  depends who you ask . 
  imho it 's wrong . 
  conscription in poland is suspended for the last 10 years or so , and no sign of unsuspending it . 
  but ignoring that - men have to go to army , women can go to army if they want , which is obviously sexist . 
  should n't the question be reversed ? 
  how do the inequality adjustment works ? 
  i udnerstand substracting points for people under the poverty line , on the other hand i do n't think having rich people richer than in other countries should matter to the index . 
  compare roma and jews relation to holocaust . 
  even now you ca n't protest against anything israel do without being labeled antisemite and nazi . 
  meanwhile some people in civilized europe seriosuly propose anti-roma measures that would make the whole world react in fury had it been targeting jews . 
  yes , and russians did it through '90s and ' 00s every few years , too . 
  yes but europe is ruled by accountants . 
  that 's because admiting russia is financing and supporting war in ukraine means you have to do something , and that 's unprofitable . 
  that 's what putin counted on , and he seems to have been right . 
  there were already over 1000 civilian victims of separatists in ukraine . 
  it 's dumb to only count people from western europe . 
  the thing that 's really important in economy is production and consumption , money are only a method to allow better allocation of resources . 
  the condition of economy depends on how quickly money flow through the system just as much as on the total amount of money . 
  if everybody saves nobody consumes and nobody produces . 
  economy where everybody have only 1 000 usd and spend it every minute allows people to produce and consume exactly the same amount of goods/services as economy where everybody have 60 000 usd and spend it once every hour . 
  the apples are produced no matter if they will be bought or not - only next year the farmers can react to changing demand , and not by a big percentage . 
  so either the apples will be consumed - the money will go to farmers , and they will spend it on something else , or the apples will be wasted , and the money will be spend by the original owners . 
  it is net benefit for the economy if the money move through one more hand , because it means more goods are produced and consumed . 
  germany and ussr did worse things in ww2 , nobody has problems with that now . 
  if not for russian influences since nineties ukraine would be in the same place now as poland slovakia or lithuania . 
  and if not for russian taxpayers money there would be no war now in ukraine . 
  and despite russian propaganda ukraine is a real country . 
  in next 50 years i think russia is far more probable to divide than ukraine . 
  yeah , everybody in poland expected that or sth similar , russia surprise-bans random polish exports every few years anyway , still huge majority of poles support eu sanctions on russia . 
  poland supported harsher sanctions on russia much earlier ( when russia annexed crimea ) . 
  they want separatist out . 
  they want russia not to intervene . 
  all of this can be achieved thanks to eu intervention , and there are no downsides for ukraine . 
  common sense gave me the authority , but of course we must ask them first . 
  is he ? 
  i think he just assumed ukraine agrees - it 's in their interest after all . 
  not on purpose of course . 
  but he sent the terrorists there and gave them the weapons . 
  it 's always the short ones with complexes . 
  if russia will attack eu soldiers killing terrorists on ukrainian territory it may as well nuke washington out of the blue . 
  not china ? 
  why not ? 
  let 's say ukraine agrees , we get un blessing as peacekeepers , and the terrorists are labeled as such . 
  eu does fundrising round , and pay the most ready/closest eu countries to start the action , meanwhile the rest of the armies get mobiilised to send support in a week or 2 . 
  russia would n't start ww3 anyway , and it 's ukrainian territory . 
  what the downsides are ? 
  putin and his gas tap ? 
  he would n't cut off the whole eu and 50 % of budget , especially in summer . 
  just give poland money for the expenses and un blessing . 
  it 's close , we already have battlegroup with lithuanians and ukrainians , and we have experienced peacekeepers in our army . 
  at least they punished them . 
  same thing happened with smole\u0144sk crash victims . 
  of course it does - kaliningrad oblast to be precise . 
  because of forgetting about normal people and their families in countries invaded and terrorised by putin . 
  already responded to that one : when you put a serial murderer that was kind to his kids and provided for family in prison - his kids will suffer . 
  how can you do this - release the mass murderer !, 
  and then something new will happen and we will wait with action till it 's explained , and meanwhile people will die . 
  repeat till everybody forget about it , ukraine is broke , and russia can just gather up the pieces . 
  but the most important thing is - no sanctions means eu can still buy cheaper gas . 
  what exactly happened ? 
  russia sent army pretending to be `` local militia '' to ukrainian crimea , and annexed it . 
  then russia suplied criminals and other scumbags with weapons and money and sent them to eastern ukraine to start a civil war . 
  they already killed hundreds of ukrainians if not tousands . 
  russia supports them with heavy machinery . 
  then these separatists shoot passanger plane because of mistake . 
  that 's not the worst thing they did , just the most outrageus for hypocrytic western public opinion . 
  whay should we wait ? 
  this started months ago . 
  remember waiting has cost measured in lives . 
  if you do n't support any reaction that means you support no reaction . 
  that means you want to take partial responsibility for doing nothing and continued conflict in ukraine and possible future aggressions of russia . 
   that 's a horrible comparison . 
  you still condoned children 's suffering . 
  i 'm saying when you can not help and somebody will suffer - make the suffering the smallest possible . 
  that 's why economic sanctions and not military intervention . 
   where did i say that we should n't do nothing ? 
  so what you propose that has less negative impact than economic sanctions ? 
  also double negative , i 'm not sure what you wanted to say . 
   they 're children . 
  how can you condone the suffering of children ? 
  that just makes you as bad the people that shot down the plane . 
  when you put a serial murderer that was kind to his kids and provided for family in prison - his kids will suffer . 
  how can you do this - release the mass murderer !,
