  let 's say usa sold a nuke to isis . 
  do you think country with the new crater can sue usa ? 
   ... any witnesses who would be willing to stand in court ? 
  how do you know all of that ? 
  1 . usually when there is a murder you do n't know yet , what exactly happened . 
  it 's the job of the court and persecutor to establish that 2 . if these were donbas citizens - they still most probably got leaders , weapons , ammo , and training from russian government - when murder was done with illegaly sold weapon - the arms dealer can be persecuted, 
  what it has to do with economic isolation ? 
  south korea is trading a lot . 
  it was communism . 
  just never heard anyone refer them as `` lewaki '' or `` leftists '' . 
  it 's usually reserved for modern socialists or even free-market liberals . 
  prl was `` leftist regime '' now ? 
  i treat them like curing a flu with cancer . 
  problems of po government were real , but short-term , and easy to fix . 
  small changes to the civil law about employement , a little more social spending ( but not in the insane 500 + form ) . 
  pis is introducing long-reaching changes that will bite us in the ass in decades to come for all the wrong reasons . 
  and doing so at such speed that every single of their acts is leaking as hell . 
  no corrections , everything passed at night , with no second reading . . 
  shortening the retirement age , lower taxes and 500 + = multiplying the costs of polish debt and a default in decade . 
  even pis finance ministry is protesting . 
  kaczy\u0144ski does n't care , he wants to win elections and fuck everything else . 
  but who will stop the social spending once it 's there ? 
  certainly not pis , and certainly not the opposition after last elections . 
  so we 're going the greece way . 
  who will reintroduce the open competition for the public offices ? 
  who will create independent public media ? 
  after all - the `` national media '' ruled directly by government are so useful . 
  previously overnment had to suck it up to one station or another ( tvn or tv trwam etc ) , and the public media were only slightly biased . 
  hell , ziemkiewicz and wildstein had programs in tvp for years while po was in power . 
  impossible now . 
  who will fix the damage done by right-wing and `` sieged fortress '' propaganda ? 
  it 's pushing poland towards russia and the effects will be there for decades . 
  how long it will take to fix the reputation of poland as a predictable partner ? 
  and pis has further plans - to reduce the local administration ( the one thing that poland did extremely well after 1989 transformation ) because they do n't like the last elections results . 
  local administration in poland is incredibly efficient at eu funds absorption and infrastructure projects . 
  the jump poland did in 2004-2016 was sth else . 
  there is corruption of course , as everywhere , but compared to other countries it was nothing . 
  and now they want to destroy it for short-term political gain ... 
  well , north korea is n't at war with anybody . 
  but if i had to choose - be south or north korea i know which one to choose . 
  few people know that oil refining was invented by https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ignacy_%c5%81ukasiewicz , and that first industrial scale oil wells and oil refineries were built in poland ( it was austrian partition at the time ) . 
  it was before car industry and electric lighting , he invented and patented kerosene lamps and got filthy rich thanks to that . 
   i think that we should instead form an isaonaltionist , sovreignist union , with as little external trade as possible isolationist economic policies has worked so well for everybody in the past , 
  they are n't hyper-nationalist , agreed . 
  but they use and benefit from nationalist propaganda , and support it indirectly ( for example they regulary invite far-right nationalists ( onr and rn members ) to public media , and support them on many issues , they are supporting `` catholic '' antisemitic and anti-eu radio maryja and tv trwam from budget by various grants . 
  kaczy\u0144ki did refered to nationalist football hools that used fascist symbols as `` the most patriotic poles '' because of their historical references to anti-communist guerilla fighters . 
  these are people on par with greece golden dawn , ukrainian right sector , russian nashi , german afd . 
  pis also regularly refer to their critics as `` leftist '' , `` thieves '' , `` communists '' , `` traitors '' , and some pis parliament members ( paw\u0142owicz for one example ) argue for `` dealing with the leftist traitors '' , or for `` death sentence for donald tusk for betrayal '' . 
  straight-faced . 
  kaczy\u0144ski is a cynical bastard and keeps behind his minions , so he 's more or less clean . 
  but he enjoys the nationalists support and uses them to get and keep power . 
  it 's really ugly , and i 'm ashamed of poles purposely ignoring this because of their political views . 
  it 's playing with fire . 
  as for constutitional crisis . 
  po did abused the law , but the constutitional court resolved that by itself . 
  pis broke the law using that as a very thin excuse , and went 100 times further . 
  szyd\u0142o and duda repeatedly broke the constitution , and still do . 
  of course we had terrorists . 
  little known fact - both pi\u0142sudski and dmowski were terrorists in their youth . 
  dmowski even wrote about his experiences as a young terrorist in his memoir . 
  some actions of ak against germans ( bombing the cinemas ) were technicaly terrorism too . 
  and we had them before as well - for example some people fought against partitions by terrorism in 19th and early 20th century . 
  the most famous act of terrorism ( not polish though ) that `` started '' the ww1 was in 1914 . 
  there 's lots of similarities between ira and 19th-early 20th century poland . 
  better : `` polish death camps '', 
  where in russia is warsaw ? 
  damn these immigrants . 
  england for the english !, 
  see - same thing . 
  at least people do n't invert your flag . 
  infrastructure is ok now . 
  when were you last in poland ? 
  there was a huge boom last 8 years . 
  i 'd say top-10 polish cities are on par or better than bratislava ( i lived there for a month last year ) , and countryside is a win for poland ( well , except the amount of ads everywhere - in that respect poland is a 3rd world country ) . 
  it 's not exactly fair , because you have big problematic minorities , and you 're `` one-city-country '' so the priorities are different , but still . 
   30 years after all mighty all destroying communism they still dont have asphalt covered freeways . 
  what do you mean ? 
  we do . 
   similar how americans look at chinese products and similarly to americans ' opinion it 's a `` feels good '' stereotype based on situation in 80s . 
   emission , corruption i do n't know how is the situation in slovakia , but you 're probably right . 
  anyway , i agree that the critique of germany by current polish government and their supporters is mostly dumb , but it has nothing to do with progress or lack of it . 
  it 's a matter of internal politics . 
  korwin mikke won every single internet poll since there was internet in poland . 
  and never managed to get 5 % in real elections . 
  i agree there is dangerous nationalist tendency in youth these days , but it 's mostly equal-oportunity anti-eu and anti-russian . 
  even if it is fueled by far-right organisations quietly supported by putin ( like onr ) . 
  very small minority of even most far-right organisations is pro-russian . 
  for putin it does n't matter if they are pro- or anti-russian , it 's sufficient that they are anti-eu . 
  poland outside of eu is much weaker , thus much better for russia . 
  and if the law says `` jews should go to death camps '' then so be it  but for real - the court could n't do anything else . 
  do you have the option for granting freedom to a convicted man by the head of the state ? 
  we have it in poland and it 's often abused , but this would be the case when it makes sense - just make merkel pardon boehmermann and change the stupid law for future . 
  duda is a greek word ? 
  til . 
  it 's a kind of bagpipes in polish . 
  you can recognize it anyway because one has article and the other has not ? 
  i do n't like it . 
  you already know if a word is a noun ( espceially when you have articles ) , capitalization does n't add any information , it 's redundant . 
  in polish you can sometimes distinguish between 2 meanings of a word ( \u017byd = jew by nation / \u017cyd = jew by religion ) because of capitalization rules . 
  in polish we capitalize : - beggining of a sentence - nations names ( `` british '' , `` jew '' ) - country names - other geographic names - institutions - `` god '' / `` bible '' etc - `` you/yours/mr / mrs/sir '' etc in correspondence to show respect ( the exact opposite of english - we do n't capitalize `` i '' but do capitalize `` you '' ) - but only in correspondence , in a dialogue in a book these would n't be capitalized for example - probably more that i do n't remember about we do n't capitalize : - month names - week days - religion names ( `` catholic '' , `` jew '' ) - language names ( `` english '' ) - `` i '',
