  there are many already established worldwide programming contests . 
  yes , i meant lepper was his left-wing equivalent . 
  both populist , both impossible to have reasonable discussion with , but from opposite wings . 
  he probably means + - 25 % turnout in last elections . 
  but there are communities of people with different opinion on wykop . 
  it 's just organised differently . 
  see #neuropa or http://www.wykop.pl/tag/bekazprawakow/ i mostly read non-political tags , #programowanie #sc 2 #kaczmarski #lublin and wykop system is great for that . 
  well , obviously it 's downvoted . 
  most of people who read main page and comment on articles are gimbo-korwinists . 
  so what ? 
  do you complain about there being subreddit with conspiracy theories or racism on reddit ? 
  do n't use it . 
  if you read mikroblog and subscribe to tags that interest you wykop.pl is quite ok . and a small dose of people with different opinions is healthy . 
  or a populist left-winger for that matter ( like late andrzej lepper , he even was vice-pm in poland for a moment when pis was in power ) . 
  you mean wykop.pl site , it does have right-wing bias , but it 's like reddit - there are people with any given opinion there , and no censorship ( well , nudity is forbidden ) , so i would n't call it stormfront . 
  it 's beneficial for people to have a place to argue , even if on that particular site there 's more right-wing than moderate or left-wing supporters . 
   i admire him for keeping the same opinion you admire him for not learning , 
  this whole massacring is using 2 tricks ad nauseum : - claim something so outrageous that people hung up and do n't know how to respond , because there 's not enough time to explain from basics what 's wrong . 
  classic reaction is `` where should i start . . '' . 
  it works the best on experts , because they overestimate how much regular people know about their subjects - they think people see what korwin is doing , and people see that expert ca n't respond to their idol . 
  example - `` korwin-mikke against global warming industry '' , `` women should n't have voting rights '' , `` disabled people should n't be shown competing on tv '' , etc , etc. 
  - hold on to minor details during conversation ( `` tak czy nie ? '' ), 
  - make your opponent look stupid be forcing him to seemingly contradict himself . 
  this is very easy because people use shortcuts when communicating . 
  the basic definitions are shared among people and shortcuts allow them to talk quicker . 
  shared definitions makes discussion even possible . 
  korwin will ask people something simple , and when they answer with something that 's defined in a subtle way he will take it at face value and show how it contradicts some previous thing that person said . 
  no extreme inteligence required - you just need to be a cynic jerk . 
  for example he will show that democracy is bad and autocracy is better , because : - democracy is a tyrany of majority ( almost all modern democracies have safeguards against that so he 's using different definition of democracy , and anyway autocracy is a tyranny of minority so even worse ) - voting is bad because you ca n't decide value of pi by voting ( so what - you ca n't decide value of pi by king decision either , and besides governing is different than doing science ) - some bad decisions were made by voting ( so what - you should look at statistics and compare with other government forms and not look at single events ) . 
  he will ask someone if democracy is good , then ask if hitler was evil , then show that hitler was elected ( not exactly true , but close enough ) . 
  how extremely intelligent : / there 's this old saying about arguing with an idiot - it 's like playing chess with a pigeon . 
  no matter how good you are the pigeon will throw the figures around , shit on the board , and walk away proudly like he won . 
   he 's extremely intelligent , that is out of question . 
  why ? 
  he played bridge on national level , and that 's it . 
  i do n't think it 's a proof of extreme intelligence . 
  intelligent people should be able to process information and get to correct conclusions . 
  korwin-mikke does n't believe in global warming . 
  how closed minded you need to be to hold such view today ? 
  i have been voting him for 5 years or so ( have been young , stupid , and very pro-free market ) , and i 've lost all hope few years ago - he 's exactly as stupid as he sounds . 
  poland and spain at the top - youth unemployement proxy . 
  how would you call a pact of `` let 's invade a country together and divide it in half '' ? 
  imho alliance is a good name . 
  if ussr had no alliance with 3rd reich in 1939 there would be no ww2 and no holocaust . 
  how awesome stalin made a deal with hitler to start ww2 . 
  edit : i was sarcastic without reason . 
  i do n't think eu army should be big . 
  it should be made of well trained and well armed proffesionals , but it can be quite small in relation to population and still be effective . 
  even just 0.1 % of eu population ( 500 000 people ) would suffice ( assuming we also pay for training volunteers to be in reserves in case any emergence happens ) , and it 's much less than what all the eu countries maintain right now if you add it up . 
  the amount sold to china will be small compared to the amount sold to eu . 
  also they need to build and maintain the infrastructure ( it 's not cheap to do that in siberia ) . 
  and if eu energy union becomes reality their number of customers goes down by a dozen , no matter the china deal . 
  as a producer you want more small customers . 
  with few big customers - they have leverage over you . 
  with many small customers you have leverage over them . 
  so energy-wise it 's all up to eu policy , russia ca n't do much . 
  the china deal already shows they are desperate . 
  assuming eu energy union pass russia goes from having 20-something customers in eu to 1 . 
  china deal is insignificant compared to that . 
  5 years after our nominal gdp per capita is on par with germany . 
  of course . 
  on the other hand if ( when ) we 're really threatened there wo n't be enough time to create army ( especially if we do it the usuall `` talk for a few years to decide everything '' way ) . 
   belorussia was standing on the edge of a cliff , and i helped it to make step forward change belaruss to poland and this is old joke about gomu\u0142ka speech . 
  look at gdp per capita adjusted for purchasing power . 
  http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_countries_by_gdp_ ( ppp ) _ per_capita according to imf ( 2013 ) , world bank ( 2011-12 ) , cia ( 1993 -- 2013 ) [ : poland 21214 , 22783 , 21100 russia 17884 , 23589 , 18100 for example poland exports a lot of food and russia must import food so it 's much more expansive in russia . 
  making nominal gdp per capita useless for comparing standards of living . 
  leave them be . 
  dreams of empire are all they have left , 
   my plan for domination of europe would be more like : get your economy fixed ( which by this pace will take a century ) , start making globally successful brands and businesses , in other words start producing shit . 
  countries will start want to be part of your `` union '' , maybe . 
  this sounds like a lot of work . 
  it 's not balls when you know nobody can do anything . 
  poland : i did n't even knew till few minutes ago there were other kinds of cards besides poker cards ( or how they are called ) . 
  it 's just cards - in big 52 or small ( 24 cards ) variation . 
  there 's this childs game wojna - polish version of this http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/war_ ( card_game ) that every kid played a few times to learn cards are boring  young people usually play pan which is a beating game where you have to lose all your cards as fast as possible . 
  also known as `` chuj '' which is vulgar for penis . 
  another popular games are http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/macau_ ( card_game ) older people most often play 1000 ( tousand ) , it 's the most popular `` serious '' game besides poker : http://www.pagat.com/marriage/1000.html there 's also this game `` oszust '' ( liar ) - it 's less popular but it 's great because of psychology and i love it . 
  it 's played with whatever suit of cards ( 52 or 24 are the most common ) . 
  player with the lowest hearts card starts , all the other players in clockwise order has to put one card at a time , image to the table so nobody see if it 's really the card he says it is . 
  it must be equal or higher than what is supposed to be at the top of the stack , and of the same color ( if they does n't have that color they must get one card from the stack ) . 
  you can cheat - put more than one card at a time or put different card that 's supposed to be there . 
  at any time anybody can say `` check '' and see if you placed the correct card - if you did he takes all the cards , if you cheated you take all the cards . 
  who lose all his cards first - wins , last 2 players in the game lose . 
  the game seems simple , but it has great possibilities for bluffing . 
  of course everybody heard about bridge ( it 's supposed to be gentlemen game ) but few people actually know the rules or play it . 
    in really democratic countries people have right to protest and to change country politics . 
   if you have a right to protest all day long but in the end it is money that decides elections , are n't protests irrelevant and as such not a danger to regime ? 
  money deciding elections is demonstrably not true . 
  for example in poland between 1989 and 2008 every elections were won by different party , changing between left and right wing every 4 years ( sometimes quicker ) . 
  if money decided elections party already in power would win forever . 
  now po is in for the second term , so it may be good proof , but it 's always almost equal with pis ( a few percent points ) . 
  i understand your cynism , but i 've seen global empire crumble under people protests ( russians would never believe this - for them it was cia coup  ) , my country regaining independence without violence , and going from shithole to reasonable place to live in 25 years . 
  i am quite optimistic about future because of that . 
  not impossible . 
  just irrelevant . 
  they posted the text of the deal . 
  they posted some mails . 
  people started to talk about it and public recognized the deal is bad for poland and for internet freedom . 
  there were free software and anti-censorship organizations speaking about this deal for years before , the anonymous just made it popular subject in media , and let people know about it . 
  and in the end it was people who decided .
