  around 5 % ( a little more in regional elections , but i think their supporters are more probable to vote in elections ) . 
  i think that 's a good thing , that they exists , too . 
  that way central government ca n't fuck that region too much , or their support will grow . 
  and i talk about how it wo n't change the population preferences ( not in favour of eu , anyway ) . 
    for one , you 're not expected to do anything . 
   that is not correct . 
  every political force that styles itself `` patriotic '' is adamant about the idea that only `` true '' member of their tribe are worthy of having any political rights . 
  so now not only you want people to stop thinking the way they think , you also know better than them what they think  is n't it funny how in country that only patriots can rule minorities still have preferential treament , and constitutions say anybody have equal right ? 
  how can it be , i wonder . 
   hell , try to state that you do n't really care about < insert_country  and get elected to any office . 
  is voting for people who think like you evil now ? 
  should we vote randomly instead ? 
  or should people that do n't care about country x have priority to rule that country ? 
   but i am unable to get rid of ` the nationality ' because other people perceive me through it . 
  and why exactly is it fault of patriots , that some people perceive you in particular way ? 
  nationalism and stereotypes are bad , i agree . 
  i said so in my first comment . 
  what it has to do with patriotism i still do n't see . 
   i always remember that when i hear about polish children unable to learn in polish schools because they are lithuanians , or silesian kids ridculed at school because they speak `` a dialect '' . 
  and kids in primary school beat me up cause i was better at math . 
  the solution is n't to make everybody bad at math . 
  the solution is to teach kids that you do n't beat or ridicule people , and to allow kids to learn any language they damn well please . 
  btw most kids are generally assholes at some age , you have to teach them that other people are hurt when you make fun of them , and any exuse will do ( like - you have stupid pants , or yo mom is fat ) . 
  i can agree to one thing - the way we teach history is stupid . 
  it could use some fresh perspective . 
  let 's agree to disagree , then . 
  if you speak polish and happen to like jacek kaczmarski i recommend to you his brilliant song `` limeryk o narodach '' . 
  http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gu3cpexdbcy the ending is what i liked the best . 
  for one , you 're not expected to do anything . 
  i have n't said you should be patriot . 
  i do n't have anything against people that are n't patriots . 
  i just said i do n't see why decreasing patriotism should be a goal . 
  it was you who wanted other people to stop being patriotic , not the other way around , and now you complain people are forcing you to do something  regarding ethic - that 's interesting pov . 
  is having friends or family unethical , too ? 
  because i sure do prefer their good to other people . 
  imho as long as you do n't hurt others , you 're ok . love and good feelings are optional , and you get to decide who you love and how much . 
  i 'd prefer it to stay that way . 
  please do n't introduce quotas here , 
  i understand , i just strongly oppose this . 
  why is european identity any better than polish one , anyway ? 
  `` because war '' is not a valid answer . 
  i do n't want europe to be souless uniform blob of same-thinking europeans . 
  you ca n't have democracy , and minority with equal voice power to majority . 
   maybe it would work if the nationalism fade out - but it does n't seem to , unfortunately . 
  it 's nationalism if you persecute minorities , or invade other nations . 
  if you just want your country to prosper it 's patriotism . 
  why should it fade ? 
  well , yeah . 
  they had 6.6 % support in last regional elections , iirc . 
  well , it may be the whole point for you . 
  i happen to think dividing countries spawn more wars than they prevent . 
  see for example all the polish uprisings after austria , prussia and russia divided poland between themselves : http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/template:polish_uprisings the way to go is to let people that want to live in one country to do exactly that . 
  eu is nice to have , poland is the goal . 
  so no , i do n't think this would be possible in this century ( except the usual way - by invasion ) . 
  for poles the whole point of being in eu is to strengthen poland economicaly , and ensure its security . 
  nobody wants to give up independence , or to divide poland . 
  we only get back independence 20 years ago . 
  any polish politician would be lynched for even mentioning that as possible , 
  well , it encouraged me when i was in primary school ( and 3 other kids in my class ) . 
  we never got higher than regional level , but still it was fun . 
  i think it mostly depends on teacher . 
  i had great math teacher in primary school , she was teaching funny things and math tricks to anybody who wanted to come in her free time after lessons . 
  depending on what you want to measure ( and i think iom main purpose is n't to measure things , but to encourage kids to learn more math ) . 
  up to 6 people from one country started . 
  so bigger countries have advantage ( because there are more kids to choose from ) , but when you divide points gathered by 6 people ( with a few exceptions ) by populations , you punish bigger countries more , than fair share . 
  example : poland with 6 people each earning 100 points would have roughly 600/38 000 000 , and would be behind country with 6 people that earned 10 points each , but that has only 2 000 000 people , resulting with score of 60/2 000 000 . 
  under sauron everybody had a job , i tell you . 
  now these liberals ruined everything . 
   eurasian union , which will be the most dominant economic and military power in the world by 2050 yeah . 
  without oil and gas russian economy will be so great . 
  it 's politic . 
  democracy is nice , but huge open market is more important . 
  also the alternative is pushing ukraine towards russia , which wo n't benefit anybody except russia . 
  http://www.neurope.eu/article/eu-institutions-spat-over-copyright http://fsfe.org/news/2012/news-20121211-01.en.html because it 's bad law , which will work for huge corporations and against small innovative companies , will stiffle innovation , and will make it easier to introduce software patents to europe . 
  sad day for the whole eu . 
  well , he was a dictator . 
  you can argue about him being benevolent dictator , but still . 
  also as : `` russians - the evil forces of west are trying to destroy mother russia , but putin will save you . '', 
  it 's especially funny when batko lukashenko do this . 
   a big bazaar that companies and multinationals can sell their products and buy things . 
  and we have no say over what is happening in that market . 
  a market that will affect us all directly since we are this market , while the rules and laws of this liberal `` open '' market apply to us all !, 
  we will have a say , just like now . 
  it will just be on national level , not on eu level . 
  see how marijuana is allowed in some countries and forbidden in another . 
  why should we force the whole eu to have common stance on that and similair matters ? 
   to conclude , for me if eu/europe is to stay just a big market , i think i will oppose it . 
  i want to have a say in europe , as much i want to have a say in my national affairs . 
  so it 's not enough for you to have a say in your own country , you want to also have a say in other countries ? 
  eu has now no software patents . 
  mostly thanks to poland protests ( http://www.gnu.org/thankpoland.html ) . 
  poland was also the first country to massively protest against acta ( not software patents , but also stupid law related to so called intelectual property ) . 
  usa tried to force eu ( as a whole , and single countries ) to introduce software patents and stupid ip laws many times , and i 'm worried it will try to do so again in future . 
  hence i do n't want to have common patent system with eu . 
  because of stupid software patent laws that usa tries to impose on eu from time to time . 
  it 's stiffling innovation , it makes it hard for the small guy to compete with corporations , and it 's insane . 
  see the patent for linked list , for double clicking , there 's ton of such stuff , and most of it is stupid and should never be granted . 
  i prefer for poland to be free from software patents as long as possible . 
  i 've read the article , and i do n't support kaczy\u0144ski on that matter , what 's your problem ? 
  i hope it wo n't pass .
