  moreover - why keep it secret ? 
  if it was n't secret - it could at least act as deterrent for others to join . 
  when it was secret - it made ww2 possible . 
  if they wanted peace they could just do n't sign anything . 
  hitler would n't invade poland with france + uk on the other side , if he did n't knew ussr will help him . 
  and even if he attacked - after that france + uk would have a reason to sign a treaty with ussr , defeeat hitler , and return to status quo . 
  you yourself said they have n't wanted a treaty with ussr because they were deluded about hitler . 
  well , reality deals with delusion very quickly . 
  but that 's not what ussr did , because ussr did n't wanted status quo . 
  they wanted to go west . 
  it 's obvious to anybody without a bias , that stalin wanted this pact to gain territory , not for peace . 
  you know why germans advanced so quickly in 1941 ? 
  because stalin believed it would be him that will betray ally first . 
  in gained territory soviets build railroads west-east ( useful for invading ) , not south-north ( useful for defending ) . 
  no fortifications to speak of , but lots of army camps . 
  stalin wanted exactly what happened after yalta ( to move iron curtain west ) , the only problem was that hitler invaded first , and that made everything a lot harder for him . 
   rational yeah crimea clearly shows that : / biggest ( and one of the least densely populated ) countries in the world just had to annex another shithole and lose economy ( and isolate itself ) in the process . 
  all that for short-term support surge for dear leader , and to keep ukraine non-aligned ( which wo n't work anyway - ukrainians hate russia now ) . 
  it may be shrewd but it 's anything but rational . 
  rational country could recognize it is between 2 biggest economies in the world ( eu and china ) , and has a lot of resources , and the only thing making them poor is backwardness and corruption . 
  and deal with that . 
  but russia is trying to chase the dreams of past empire . 
  they do . 
  they do n't care about outside opinion . 
   the significance of the molotov-ribbentrop pact for the history of the twentieth century could hardly be greater . 
  his alliance with stalin allowed hitler to fight a war of aggression against poland with soviet help , and thereby stands at the beginning of all of the succeeding tragedies of the war , in poland and elsewhere . 
  timothy snyder , history professor at yale , author of many respected books about ww2 in eastern europe i 'm sure there are many russian historians , who think otherways , of course  russia has n't grown up enough to recognize its crimes . 
  he meant russian alliance with hitler i think https://en.wikipedia.org/?title=molotov%e2%80%93ribbentrop_pact, 
   hostile and agressive military alliance , 
   that is actually what 's happening right now , with polish media constantly blabbering about how evil russia is and how putin probably wants to destroy everyone and how important it is to be prepared for a possible war and what not . 
  could you show examples ? 
  keep in mind that reporting on neighboring country being invaded by another neighboring country is quite understandable . 
  you are very wrong . 
  russia gets weaker all by itself , thanks to huge corruption , dependence on fossil fuel exports , and backward economy . 
  no need to do anything , even if we wanted to . 
  and when we want - we can do this without fighting - see sanctions . 
  also nobody wants to annex russian territory - go see russia outside moscow to understand why . 
  return on investment would be abysmal , and lebensraum is thing of the past - with declining population in europe people do n't want to colonize - they want to be left alone . 
  small scale wars can only make putin temporary stronger ( that 's why he started 3 wars during his reign btw - works every time ) . 
  no reason for people outside russia to want this . 
  usa has nothing to gain from war against russia too - in the best case they would destabilize another region and have to worry about it forever since . 
  what for ? 
  and in the worst case - ww3 . 
  nothing to gain . 
  russia is n't `` the enemy '' anymore , it 's just `` the nuisance '' . 
  china is the oponent for usa , not russia . 
  poland also has nothing to gain from war against russia , even in the unlikely case it wins - kaliningrad certainly is n't worth the trouble . 
  on the other hand poland wants its eastern neighbors to be pro-western , or at least independent , so that in case russia goes crazy ( which it regulary does ) - the war happens there and not in poland . 
  same reason germany sends its old military gear to poland . 
  you really do n't want to be the place where fighting happens . 
  and russia wants these `` buffer countries '' to be pro-russian , because it wants to have its sphere of influence back ( dreams of empire die hard ) . 
  usa wants to focus on its own problems ( and on middle east ) - so in fact it 's the other way around - poland persuades usa to increase involvment in eastern europe because of russian aggression . 
  it 's also convenient for some circles in washington , because republicans and democrats had different russian politics and now that that politic failed they can win voters over it . 
  tl ; dr - the only conflict that would benefit even 1 side is small scale hybrid war in ukraine , belarus , or baltic states . 
  and it would mostly benefit russian government . 
  if i was in their position i would keep it frozen , and reheat it when public opinion gets nervous , or when ukraine gets too prosperous . 
  such sayings usually work both ways , and can be used as arguments for any side . 
  for counterexample see `` golden mean '' , and `` temporary solutions are forever '' . 
  in case of unification the hdi differences will remain - see hdi differences inside nation states despite tousands of years . 
  in fact the unification will mean more people will just move to the wealthy regions , and the poor regions will remain poor forever . 
  brain-drain will be even more severe . 
  i think schengen zone and current eu model with separate nation states is a good compromise , that allows people to improve their living conditions by migration if they want to , but also make it realistic for people wishing to stay in less developed regions to catch up eventually without having to emigrate . 
  people going all starry-eye about united states of europe mostly come from future washingtons and new yorks . 
  think of the future remote villages , and of future detroits . 
  common native language will mean all cultures except anglo-saxon will turn into once-a-year curiosities ( like halloween ) . 
  common second language is certainly worth it , on the other hand , and we 're getting there . 
   the hardest thing to achieve is a shared identity that 's because people usually like their current identity and do n't want to change it . 
  you basicaly want to sneak up on them with a new identity , and it 's not going to work . 
  the only practical way is to create new identity for kids in schools , but it would often - again - mean acting against will of their parents . 
  they are accounted when they are paid . 
  wilno not wilna  i have to ask : lublin ? 
  yes . 
  kids have birthdays , and adults have namedays . 
  why ? 
  in polish i spell it lw\u00f3w , in other languages - l'viv . 
  same as monachium/munich . 
  insisting that people using foreign language call city in foreign country using your language exonym seems incredibly arrogant to me . 
  ca n't possibly be ukraine because ukrainian state does n't exist . 
  rt told me so . 
  fascist jews , obviously . 
  also - they are all gay . 
  it 's more about the `` fuck the system '' attitude . 
  should be on the polish coat of arms . 
  `` nobody will tell me where i should go on my vacations '' do n't know why we ask , tbh , 
  polish joke : devil caught a russian , a german , and a pole and brought them to the top of a skyscrapper . 
  he told the russian `` jump down and i 'll give you vodka '' - russian jumped down . 
  it did n't worked on the german , so devil said `` it 's an order . '', 
  - german jumped down . 
  on the pole neither methods worked , so devil ( resigned ) said `` ok , so do n't jump . '', 
  - then the pole jumped . 
  it thinks there will be a war . 
  it does n't think nato will start a war . 
  seems to me it wants to start it then . 
   russia does n't fear an unexpected invasion from nato , it fears a war against it . 
  russia does n't expect invasion from nato 2 . 
  russia does n't fear unexpected invasion from nato 3 . 
  russia fears war against nato 1 and 2 and 3 imply that russia will attack nato . 
  but seriously , let 's stop with this bullshit and admit - russia wants to be able to bully `` near abroad '' countries , that 's why it do n't want them to enter eu/nato . 
  if you do n't fear nato attack why do you consider nato anti-russian ? 
  russian government knows perfectly well nobody in nato wants to invade them .
