  but i assign higher probability to an information that has known people behind it . 
  at least if the official information is wrong these people can be taken to a court - the anonymous commenter ca n't . 
  of course , other information can make it less probable . 
  but i do n't have any such info . 
  but , even if i trusted both eactly the same - given 2 equaly untrustworthy informations it 's much more reasonable to trust neither , than to trust 1 over another . 
  innocent until proven guilty etc. 
  i try to use bayesian reasoning . 
  i do n't have to made my mind up , i can keep my options open . 
  when i have contradictory informations that ca n't be trusted i just discard them both - without both of these i would n't have reasons to believe kod was financed by soros , so , after i got 2 equally untrustworthy informations arguing contradictory things - why should i change my beliefs at all ? 
  doing otherwise leads to believing all sorts of obviosuly absurd stuff the first time you hear anyone suggesting it ( anti-vaccine bullshit , chemtrails , global warming denial , moon landing conspiracy , smole\u0144sk assasination , elvis lives , etc ) . 
  obviously , with different priors ( for example : kod are traitors , jews are trying to destroy poland , soros is a jew ) - you can assign probabilities differently , but i do n't share these priors with you . 
  btw i suggest reading about bayesian inference , most people do it already , but traditional logical training makes us talk about our thinkning process in absolutes ( i believe in sth , or i do n't , no gray areas ) , and it 's more useful to be able to speak about such stuff with more detail . 
  http://lesswrong.com/ this is a good starting point . 
   what is your favorite number from 1 to 2 ? 
  that 's even harder , uncountably many possibilities and all , but let 's say e. 
   do you know who is funding the `` committee for the defence of democracy '' ? 
  that was your question . 
  i answered `` i do n't know '' , and you started to suggest it 's george soros , but you provided no proofs . 
  then you started to back off , saying it 's not accusation , but you just believe it . 
  i do n't get what 's your point . 
   the whole constitutional tribunal is not a `` independent juridical body '' , but just another political body . 
  constitution says differently . 
  president duda this year said differently before he was elected . 
  lech kaczy\u0144ski said differently when he appointed members when he was a president . 
  suddenly it 's not conventient for pis to have constitution checks so they try to demonize the institution . 
   the leftist parties did not get into parliament at all pis wants to increase taxes on foreign capital , and to pay people for having kids . 
  kinda leftist , do n't you think ? 
   these protests are rather tiny groups , comparing to what right-winged parties regularly gather . 
  pis protest last week was comparable to kod protests last and this week . 
  independence day demonstrations were much bigger , but then it was n't just `` right wing protests '' there were many groups in these . 
  in the end it does n't matter who has more supporters . 
  pis can do their thing using lawful procedures ( wait for the previous judges to end their term - just 1 year left for many of them ) , or abuse the law ( as it is doing now ) . 
  they prefer to break the law , so people are protesting , simple as that . 
  i believe the burden of the proof lies on the person that is accusing others . 
  otherways : putin funds pis - good luck prooving he does n't . 
  fundacja batorego says it had never financed kod , neither from own sources , nor from the 150\u00a0000\u00a0000 fund called `` obywatele dla demokracji '' . 
  so , yeah , believe `` anonymous comment on bankier forum '' . 
  or believe the official statement . 
  i know which one i do . 
  nice source you have here  unbiased source if i ever see any . 
  if you have any real sources - do show them . 
  ngos have to publicise their funding iirc , you shoould be able to find their financial raports . 
  second thing - fundacja batorego is working in poland for decades already , it 's known that is was created with george soros money , and it was well respected fundation for all that time . 
  they were inquiring about the problems with last local elections for example : http://telewizjarepublika.pl/fundacja-batorego-zbadala-karty-do-glosowania-z-wyborow-samorzadowych-skad-tyle-glosow-niewaznych,26773.html and somehow it was n't `` evil jew money '' for pis supporters then . 
  i wonder what changed . 
  anyway , how is that a betrayal of poland ? 
  do tell me . 
  the funniest thing is - pis member https://pl.wikipedia.org/wiki/stanis%c5%82aw_piotrowicz_ ( polityk ) is the spokeperson of pis in all matters constitutional tribunal . 
  pis claims they want to reform the country and post-communists and their kids are ruling the country and pis has to cleanse them out of politics . 
  and tribunal is making it hard because it 's their `` last bastion '' . 
  but - the same piotrowicz was a communist procurator during martial law in poland , prepared documents to judge opposition member in that period , and got medal from communists in 1983 . 
  now he 's decomunising people that were in opposition  apparently communists are only bad if they do n't support pis . 
  it 's funny feeling , is n't it ? 
  you are n't pis supporter and suddenly you become communist , traitor , paid protester , etc. 
  it 's unreal . 
   the people participating in protests against previous government were always labelled by media as hooligans and nationalists . 
  because there were hools and nationalists on them ? 
  i was on acta protest and there were hools and nationalists from onr trying to fight `` leftists '' protesting together with them . 
  he was talking about kod as well . 
  you know `` propagandist of previous government '' = `` people that do n't like current government '' according to kaczy\u0144ski . 
  and even if he only spoke about people complaining to foreign newspapers - kaczy\u0144ski and duda did the same thing complaining that previous local elections were falsified . 
  he is the worst kind of poles too apparently . 
  yup . 
  anybody not with pis is a leftist . 
  including people that were in opposition during communism , even these , that were imprisoned by communists . 
  the leader of pis ( governing party ) - jaros\u0142aw kaczy\u0144ski - called people protesting agaisnt pis `` worse kind of poles '' , `` thieves and communists '' . 
  also compared them to gestapo ( but it was indirect comparison , can be read differently ) . 
  that 's the atmosphere in poland right now . 
  it 's a lot of things , but the most intensely it 's absurd . 
  because he was a `` face '' of solidarity , was imprisoned by communists , got a nobel prize and was a president of a big european country . 
  anyway , if government thinks the guy was a spy - why wo n't they arrest him ? 
  either he is suspected or not . 
  everything 's legal in poland right now ... 
  i meant a source other than pis blogs  you know , something you can actually fact-check . 
  if we accept blogs and such i present you my source : http://aszdziennik.pl/116019,dramat-67-latka-ludzie-hejtuja-go-za-nocna-akcje-a-on-chcial-tylko-na-chwile-wejsc-do-nato, 
  he ousted every polish wsi ( military counterinteligence ) agent because he thought some of them were double agents . 
  good luck finding agents to work for you the next time . 
  it would be nice if that was true , but source `` wykop '' is even worse than `` source : reddit '' . 
  do you have any proper sources ? 
  `` in russia the past is the most unpredictable thing . '', 
  russia continues to sanction itself . 
  pis government just increased this year budget deficit by 2.5 bln eur . 
  solving problems by negotiations . 
  great success . 
  i guess not trading with eu , usa and turkey is n't going as well as he hoped , 
  great . 
  thanks eu . 
  `` b\u00f3g si\u0119 rodzi '' ( god is born ) - words from 1792 by franciszek karpi\u0144ski , music from older polish coronation polonaise ( it was played when polish kings were sworn , it had no words ) . 
  https://youtu.be/xlehlnnjd9a?t=37 translation ( from http://tlumacz-literatury.pl/index.php?page=polishpoetry ) : when god is born , no power prevails , our lord in nakedness enwound . 
  all fire congeals , all luster pales , contained is he that knows no bound . 
  despised , in glory comes untold , a mortal king for aye to reign . 
  the word of god in flesh behold , now born to share our life mundane . 
  what have ye heavens o\u2019er the earth , that god forsook his sweet delight , and wished to take a human birth , to share our every toil and plight ? 
  and he did suffer unconsoled , and we were guilty of his pain . 
  the word of god in flesh behold , now born to share our life mundane . 
  a meager shed for him they found , and in a manger there he lay . 
  what was he , and what was there ' round ? 
  poor shepherds , cattle , sheep and hay . 
  the poor had hailed him , we are told , before the rich would entertain . 
  the word of god in flesh behold , now born to share our life mundane .
