  ca n't have it both ways , either you want equality or not . 
  it 's funny how every time there 's a news that shows russia in bad light there 's tons of comments saying `` everybody is exactly as evil as us anyway '' . 
  are they teaching whataboutism in schools in russia ? 
  no - not every journalist is a propagandist . 
  you mean corruption is ok ? 
   you cant have both at the same time why ? 
  is r/europe hacking french elections ? 
  is r/europe bribing any of the participants ? 
  how is hoping for someone to win equivalent to corruption and cyber crime ? 
   a spanish court on wednesday sentenced a young woman to jail for posting jokes on twitter about the 1973 assassination of a senior figure in the franco dictatorship . 
  spain has anti-joke laws . 
  then their constitution is wrong . 
  and ? 
  why is it not ok for chechnya to have evil laws but ok for spain ? 
  would it be not ok suddenly if only one region of spain had that law instead of the whole spain ? 
  it 's kinda easy to check . 
  if it 's a stinger it 's from usa . 
  if it 's a striela it 's from russia . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/gay_concentration_camps_in_chechnya chechnya is a province in russia . 
  why should i concern my sense of right and wrong with what is currently implemented ? 
  i have n't heard of a country with no corruption , yet i think it 's a bad thing . 
   your words should carry the same way regardless if you consider it a joke or not . 
  of course not . 
  joke is just a subcategory of things you should n't be jailed for . 
  speaking in general should not be a punishable offence . 
  have you heard of freedom of speech ? 
  because laws can be evil . 
  for example there are torture camps for gays in russia . 
  no matter if they are lawful or not - it 's not ok to keep them operating . 
  jailing people for jokes is evil . 
  the law is immensely stupid , then . 
  change it . 
  dying in a terrorist attack does n't make you a saint . 
  hitler almost died in a terrorist attack . 
  this is just another reason why russia should have been forced to give up their nukes in 1991 . 
  and the purpose of a terrorist is to kill innocent people . 
  not a noteworth subject therefore , right ? 
  a no-brainer , really . 
  compare - south korea vs south osetia . 
  he 's mentoned in liceum ( 15-18 y.o. 
  school ) on history lessons , as a side note to the teutonic order wars . 
  i doubt most kids even remember him after that lesson ends . 
   pawe\u0142 w\u0142odkowic represented poland at the 1414 council of constance , where he delivered a thesis about the power of the pope and the emperor , the tractatus de potestate papae et imperatoris respectu infidelium ( treatise on the power of the pope and the emperor respecting infidels ) . 
  in it he drew the thesis that pagan and christian nations could coexist in peace and criticized the teutonic order for its wars of conquest of native non-christian peoples in prussia and lithuania . 
  due to his influence , in 1421 the pope sent antonio zeno to investigate the teutonic order and its activities . 
   as early as the beginning of the 15th century , along with stanis\u0142aw of skarbimierz , w\u0142odkowic strongly supported the idea of conciliarism and pioneered the notion of peaceful coexistence among nations -- a forerunner of modern theories of human rights . 
  throughout his political , diplomatic and university career , pawe\u0142 w\u0142odkowic expressed the view that a world guided by the principles of peace and mutual respect among nations was possible and that pagan nations had a right to peace and to possession of their own lands . 
  had to read it 3 times to be sure , 
  well , duh . 
   if we stop criticising radical islam ? 
  that 's not what he wrote . 
  respond to the actual message not to the thing you would like to answer . 
  in london ? 
  who wants that job is already there . 
  not even 1 % . 
  so , pogrom kielecki , an even in which a mob of people violently beat up members of an ethnic group causing deaths was not a pogrom . 
  why ? 
  people do n't go around killiing people with no reasons . 
  they have reasons , the reasons are just very often immensely stupid . 
  the reason may be a rumor that jews eat christian babies , a rumor that they want to destroy your country , a single act of violence or rumor thereof . 
  nazis considered jews a threat . 
  does n't change a thing . 
  such excuse does n't make the pogrom not a pogrom . 
  in fact it 's a common theme of all pogroms . 
  you know each of the links has sources below the text ? 
  better continue to ignore them , it makes denying facts easier . 
  and of course you only responded to the one you can respond to ( still in useless fashion - arguing about petty semantics , as if pogrom organised by soldiers caused by suspicions was somehow less damning ) . 
  you basically do the same thing russians did regarding katy\u0144 and ukrainians about wo\u0142y\u0144 - arguing about definitions just so they can say it was not a genocide . 
  who cares ? 
  it was vile all the same . 
  and you ignore the ones that you ca n't excuse . 
  in most of these pogroms i listed in previous post nobody was shooting to neither polish soldiers , nor regular poles . 
  even in cases where jews were shooting - they were doing it in self-defence ( like in przytyk ) . 
  in one case a rabin praying on a balcony was killed because he was accused of `` giving signs to bolshevik army to coordinate fighting '' . 
  am i right in guessing you think it 's totally valid reason to kill a guy ? 
  i know your strategy already . 
  you 're going to ignore the ones you ca n't excuse and find stupidest details that allow you to change the name from `` pogrom '' to `` event '' or `` problem '' . 
  like it changes anything . 
  so i 'm just going to go one by one so you can not choose to ignore some of them . 
  no war going on . 
  no violence towards poles at all . 
  just verbal arguing until poles started to beat jews . 
  they beat some to death . 
  not a pogrom ? 
  sources not reputable enough ? 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/kielce_pogrom_ ( 1918 ) just admit you were wrong and poles did pogroms on jews in 2nd polish republic . 
   these people were accused for colaborating with communists and act like killing polish soldiers . 
  without court , without defenders . 
  killed on the spot . 
  seems legit . 
  `` accused of acting like killing polish soldiers '' . 
  you mean civilians gathering and not liking soldiers is enough to justify murdering them ? 
  or is it only if they are jews ? 
  https://pl.wikipedia.org/wiki/walki_o_lid%c4%99_ ( 1919 ) #pogrom _ na _ . c5.bbydach also not a pogrom ? 
  what about this one ? 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/kielce_pogrom_ ( 1918 ) how symbolic - on 11th november 1918 . 
  no war going on . 
  not to mistake for another kielce pogrom from 1948 . 
  seems poles in kielce particularly loved their jews . 
  are you also going to explain it away as `` war therefore does n't count '' ?
