  but i agree that becherovka is ok . 
  `` realist '' : those , that emigrate , come from the less well-off layers of society , and bigger percentage of them are used to crime/being asshole/doing everything to survive . 
  middle class do n't need to emigrate . 
  but yeah , it 's all about inferior culture . 
  in poland electronic boards nonsense is because of eu funds . 
  school can get money for such things easily , so it buys them , even if nobody knows what to do with it afterwards . 
  my wife taught math and computer science in a few middle schools , and computers were n't a problem . 
  photocopiers were there also , but in one school you had to pay for using it ( because it was also accessible for students , and without price kids would just copy their bottoms all the time  ) . 
  it was small amount , less than 0.10 euro , but still , when copying sth for 4 classes of 30 pupils it quickly adds up . 
  i think the biggest problem in polish schools is not equipment , but attitude of most students and teachers . 
  teachers earn badly , but work few hours ( including homework ) and have free vacations , so the laziest people are the most likely to be a teacher . 
  so many teachers slack off - just do the moves but do n't care if anybody understand , etc. 
  and those that do care are pain in the ass for both lazy teachers and pupils , so they are `` temepred down '' or they go to work somewhere else . 
  of course it depends highly on the kind of school you work in . 
  i 'd say 30 % schools are just `` push the kid to the next class '' . 
  and sth like 10 % are very good schools , it 's self-powering circle - only best kids and teachers go to these schools . 
  the rest are somewhere in the middle , but with less kids because of demographics i think many schools will need to admit less well prepared kids , and the level of education will accordingly go down in many of the average schools . 
  i do n't mean fighting drugs . 
  i mean breaking constitution doing so . 
  yeah . 
  tusk also stoped legally operating shops with not-yet-criminalized drugs by asking police to jail the owner under some pretend reason and then sending control after control of various institutions ( like sanitary control , etc ) to these shops , until he could change law to outlaw these shops . 
  he only did it to get a few points in polls from people outraged that kids can buy drugs . 
  i do n't do drugs , but really , law should be used , not abused like that . 
  po has great public relations , and not much more . 
  pis is actually very similiar , the only diffrence is pis has worse pr , and is obsessed with smolensk plane crash . 
  so do n't vote either , please . 
  why not ? 
  simple - you make `` free city munich '' inside independent bavaria . 
  bonus - you can then start world war 3 over international corridor between the city and germany proper . 
  there are no big earthquakes in central europe . 
  there are no tsunamis in baltic sea . 
  the only nuclear accident here was when soviets made experiment with turning off cooling of their reactor to see if they can switch it to power from the reactor . 
  it 's not hard to not do experiments on your nuclear powerplants . 
  and modern technology is much safer . 
  besides - coal power plants produce radioactive waste , too . 
  and it 's whole hills of waste , that is slightly radioactive instead of very small amount of highly radioactive waste that nuclear power plants produce . 
  the highly radioactive waste that you get from nuclear power plants you can burn to be less radioactive ( and it will only take a few centuries for that less radioactive waste to stop being dangerous . 
  we have the technology tu build containment for a few tons of radioactive waste to last a few centuries ) . 
  and it 's orders of magnitude less waste ( by mass or by volume ) than from coal power plants . 
  also - coal power plants release radioactive dust into air during regular operation . 
  you do n't want to live near correctly operating coal power plant . 
  safely operating nuclear power plant is green . 
  safely operating coal power plant is ecological dissaster , even not taking co2 into account . 
  basically german green party showed that they do n't give a shit about einvironment when they supported coal over nuclear because of fukushima hysteria . 
  more than double , because you increase the demand by selling the product to the enemy . 
  positive feedback loop . 
  and if shutting down atom powerplants means building new coal powerplants , so be it , right ? 
  because the other half of each week they do n't generate enough power , 
  storage of huge amounts of energy is unsolved problem , and you can not bet your whole energy security on the fact that there will always be cloudless sky or wind . 
  already poland and czech republic had to upgrade their power networks capacities because of highly variable output of german powerplants - when you have too much energy you export it , when you lack energy you import it . 
  that 's not sustainable - there is a need for base capacity somewhere - or you must accept power shortages when weather is n't `` right '' . 
  it 's from 2003 . 
  10 years is a lot of time in c&ee . 
  when was this picture made ? 
  another one ( timelapse , with dates ) : http://esamultimedia.esa.int/images/imageoftheweek/europe-1992-2010-compare-subset_h.gif it 's worth to mention it matters at what time the frames were captured . 
  different time zones mean it 's 21:30 in one country , and 23:30 in another , it makes for different usage of lights . 
  for best comparision it should make photo at 03:00 for example , or combine photos made at given time in each timezone . 
  i thought it 's a potato . 
  you can not teach kids biology properly without teaching them some statistics first . 
  you 'll be only teaching kids the results , not how biology works . 
  same for all other sciences . 
  even linguists use numerical analysis sometimes . 
  and math teaches problem solving - which is the most important skill for most jobs that require education . 
  also - if you want to be complete as a human being , you should know math before greek or latin . 
  math is universal characteristic of human civilization , and some greatest questions of humanity ( like how consciousness develops ) are deeply rooted in math ( see this book for more about it https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/g%f6del,_escher,_bach ) . 
  humanists , who aspired to know every aspect of being a human , considered `` hard '' sciences like mechanics , astronomy , that require math , and `` liberated '' sciences - like math - to be very important . 
  only now humanists are degraded to `` soft '' sciences only . 
  it 's sad , that poor math teachers make kids hate this subject , and that knowing math is n't considered as important for `` general '' education , as it should . 
  nazi should change name to `` party of debt '' . 
  germany turned nazi for same reasons ( not wanting to pay off debts and general butthurt ) . 
  every country is different , but i think one thing that seems to be the main difference to the disadventage of usa is the fact that for kids to be good at math is `` uncool '' . 
  at least from all the movies it seems that way , i 've never been in us school . 
  in poland , and i guess in other c&ee countries being good at math is n't bad for your popularity as a kid ( why should it be - it means you 're smart ) . 
  also the jobs of programmers , engineers , etc have one of the best salaries , so there 's no difference in respect when you study cs or law for example . 
  so being good at math is seen as the simplest way to have good job , and unemployement is still higher than in us there , so having a good job is very important . 
  not every week , but every time there 's some anniversary like september the 1st , or the 17th , or start of the warsaw uprising there is ton of war related programs . 
  also there 's a few very popular series about war that are retransmitted every year on one or another channel . 
  but generally when we do speak about ww2 there 's this sentiment that we were from the start with the winners side , but we were betrayed by them . 
  ww2 = = huge butthurt in poland . 
  if you think you can fix morality thanks to some commission , then you 're either very naive , or hope to work in that commision . 
  do not underestimate stupidity of some people  i 've heard otherwise reasonable catholic priest saying that the beatles , metallica , nirvana , harry potter , pen & paper rpg like warhammer or d&d , and many other books , games and music are `` satanist propaganda '' , and it 's a sin to read/listen to/play them . 
  give such people power to change the law , and surely we 'd have similiar laws here . 
  that 's why separation of religion and state is important . 
  this . 
  also - eu is not the whole europe . 
  today i 've learned poles share most commonly used word with hungarians , 
  former polish president aleksander kwa\u015bniewski wrote in his cv when he was a candidate , that he has m.a. 
  degree . 
  in fact he did n't , cause he never finished his m.a. 
  thesis . 
  it wa also funny , when he gone to katy\u0144 ( where soviets murdered tousands of polish povs ) to celebrate the anniversary , and got completely drunk . 
  it was transmitted on tv , and he could barely stand , and in the end he tried to enter the car through the doors to the coffer  he later explained he had bad fever , but come on . . to this day these doors are sometimes called `` door of the president '' . 
  kaczy\u0144ski brothers also had their share of blunders . 
  for example jarek kaczy\u0144ski said recently that `` polish silesians are hidden germans '' , 
  http://rt.com/ , 
  content in any language , title and obligatory summary in english , discussion in english . 
  we have 3 levels of public debt to gdp in law : 50 % , 55 % and 60 % . 
  the first one is warning , the second one requires government to freeze pensions , cut spending , etc , or change law . 
  the third one requires drastic cuts . 
  currently , counting using polish methodology , we have almost 55 % debt to gdp ( actually we have more like 56 % , but gov do n't want to trigger cuts , so it makes stupid tricks like speculating with currency on the day the exchange day is snapshoted every year for the purpose of this indicator , etc ) .
