  natural growth is negative in poland : /, 
  china economy will grow faster than that of eu , mostly because it has much bigger space to grow . 
  after certain point the law of decreasing increments will catch up and the growth will slow down . 
  it 's inevitable , nothing can grow exponentially forever in real world . 
  my prediction is - china will still have smaller gdp per capita than eu when it will slow its growth to roughly the same rate that eu has . 
  btw eu as a whole have positive growth this year iirc . 
  you are comparing 7 countries with around 80\u00a0000\u00a0000 -40 000 000 people with country of more than billion people , and another one over 100\u00a0000\u00a0000 people . 
  take all the eu countries and it 's still less than half of china population , but eu has twice bigger economy . 
  ukraine sells their old ballistic missiles as a cheap way to send satelites to space http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/dnepr-1 . 
  should n't be that hard to put the nukes back in . 
  well , technically finland lost to ussr , and poland won with ussr a few years earlier : http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/polish%e2%80%93soviet_war#conclusion usually we only have problems when germany and russia invade poland at once . 
  only a few patriot launchers ( and most of them in old version , unsuitable to deal with rockets ) . 
  polish anti-air is based on old soviet rockets , only the short range infantry carried grom launchers are modern ( but still based on soviet designed striela rockets ) . 
  we have nothing to deal with ballistic missiles , there 's a project to change that , but it will take years . 
  first 15 minutes - all military airports in poland are destroyed by russian toczka rockets from kaliningrad oblast . 
  hopefully most of our f-16s and mig-29s were in air , or already stationed in germany , outside the range , so we only lost convenient bases , not our whole air forces . 
  first few days - invasion from kaliningrad oblast towards braniewo , then bia\u0142ystok and/or gda\u0144sk , supported by air ofensive , and possibly land army going through belarus . 
  this would take a week or so . 
  poland uses long range artillery to lay mines on huge areas of farmland and forests on the road of russian army to slow it down ( poland has many container bombs and mines which are forbidden by convention , only few countries have n't signed that convention , among them poland , because it 's great agains big tank columns ) . 
  that buys time , but russians have air superiority most probably . 
  our coast defence brigade launch long range rockets at kaliningrad oblast . 
  they launch rockets at our cities , powerplants , airports , etc. 
  the fights go on around bia\u0142ystok , maybe further south-west . 
  most powerplants and pipelines are destroyed or damaged by rockets and bombs . 
  nord stream is already `` accidently destroyed '' . 
  our soldiers attack their forces in small groups driving rosomak ktos , using spike anti-armor rockets , and retreating . 
  russians slowly move forward and destroy polish land army from air . 
  if eu and nato do nothing to help us in air we lose in a few weeks , otherways we can defend for months , but some cities will be captured . 
  i hope poles fascinated with orban rhethoric ( kaczy\u0144ski supporters often idealise orban ) will now understand orban is n't about independence and values , but about power and money . 
  i am certain it may be true . 
  the only thing korwin-mikke has in common with liberals or libertarians are his views on economy ( as simplistic as they are compared to real politicians ) . 
  he argues that democracy is wrong and does n't work , and poland should switch to authoritarian government asap . 
  that 's not very libertarian , is it ? 
  kaczy\u0144ski unlike \u017byrynowski or korwin-mikke was in power , and probably will be in power in future , and while i do n't like his opinions and policies - it 's at least possible to try to do what he wants to do . 
  trying to do what \u017byrynowski or korwin-mikke propose would result in huge economic crisis , humanitarian catastrophe ( people starving or dying from common sickness because no money = no health care ) , and probably ww3 soon . 
  \u017byrynowski was more popular in nineties . 
  every few months he said something funny about poland and he was quoted in teleekspress etc. 
  now he 's less active it seems . 
  well , kaczy\u0144ski at least was serious about his politics . 
  korwin-mikke and \u017byrinowski ca n't be serious . 
  i 'm sure in their homes they laugh at the few people that vote them . 
  they should speak with each other it would be funny . 
  \u017byrinowski is russian korwin-mikke , we should just ignore him . 
  when was it a bad thing ? 
  poles does n't want to do the jobs that ukrainians do for the salary that ukrainians get . 
  poles that ca n't find a proper job in poland prefer to go to uk , ireland or germany . 
  if you have to wash dishes for life at least earn enough to live on your own . 
  even the worst polish nationalists i know do n't complain about ukrainians stealing our jobs , cause it 's just not a competition . 
  and btw : if your job was stolen from you by someone who does n't know the language , does n't know anybody here , has to pay for everything ( you probably can live with your parents in the worst case ) - you just had not deserved that job . 
  selling weapons to both sides : perpetum mobile of economics . 
  this is russian propaganda to make western ukrainians wary of poles . 
  divide et impera . 
   they defeated nazism first they allowed it to conquer europe . 
  consider what would happen to germany had ussr not invaded poland in 17th september 1939 . 
  the strategy was to buy time by retreating to better defensible terrain without losing too much soldiers , while france and great britain prepare troops to attack from the west . 
  german left almost no soldiers to defend itself ( hitler believed allies would not dare to declare a war over poland ) . 
  ribentropp-molotov pact was what made ww2 possible . 
  otherways it would be a few months war ending in germany defeat . 
  but yeah - ussr was scary , at least before eighties . 
  when history repeats 4th time you tend to plan for the fifth . 
  i think we totally-don ` t-have-nukes too . 
  i ca n't see other reason for ussr soldiers to leave in 1991 ( and no i do n't think wa\u0142\u0119sa outdrinking jelcyn is a good explanation ) . 
  and we had made enough enriched plutonium in the maria reactor in \u015awierk to make nukes , and we had ussr nukes before 1989 . 
  would be stupid not to leave some just in case . 
  tatar leaders asked to boycot the referendum , so it may be that 30 % of the ones that voted were in favor of anschluss . 
  still weird that they know who voted how . 
  it 's like german calling austria `` souther germany '' . 
  lol . 
  you as in `` germany and further west '' - never . 
  but russia did invade other countries in so called `` sphere of influence '' roughly every 20 years in last 2 centuries . 
  more often recently . 
  but of course that 's ok with you . 
  russia is ok cause it has cheap gas , and who cares about russia neighbors . 
  they should just deal with it . 
  that attitude was the reason ussr sattelite states had to live through 50 years of comunism after ww2 . 
  but then at least it was understandable because nobody wanted ww3 just after ww2 and ussr was a superpower . 
  now russia is n't a real superpower , and still eu allows it to annex countries cause it does n't care enough to lose a few euro . 
  they are in ukraine already . 
  they could move , but that would mean selling their property there ( with huge loses because people would know the situation and try to profit out of it ) and buy new land/home etc in non-crimea ukraine . 
  for poor people it 's not practical . 
  they will change their minds suddenly . 
  just like usa recently , 
  right . 
  why should you care that some eastern europeans are under russian rule . 
  it 's their rightfull playgorund after all . 
  if russia wants to protect estonia or poland it should be able to do so ... putin would have got power anyway . 
  russia would get crimea anyway . 
  the only thing that would change - baltic states would prepare for invasion at the moment if not for the nato accession . 
  western europeans - forever naive about russia if it gives them the peace of mind . 
  balts , celts and germanic people . 
  they formed unique cultures there , and escaped from huns around 4th century . 
  slavs came in 5th century . 
  it was n't a real country , more like proto-eu . 
  could as well show them fragmented since 10-th century . 
  you mean cost for invading a coutnry is one missed meeting ? 
  before ww2 30 % of poland citizens were n't polish . 
  in 1931 : - poles -- 68,9 % . 
  - ukrainians -- 13,9 % - jews -- 8,6 % . 
  - german -- 2,3 % . 
  - different or declined to answer -- 3,2 % ww2 , holocaust , stalin forced migrations and iron curtain preventing new migrants from coming there .
