  and they had some criticism towards government , see ziemkiewicz and wildstein shows during 1st po term for one example . 
  this is a whole another level . 
  yeah right . 
  have you seen https://pl.wikipedia.org/wiki/antysalon_ziemkiewicza ? 
  was in tvp between 2008 and 2010 . 
  during po 1st term . 
  or maybe this ? 
  also between 2008 and 2010 . 
  and if you go earlier - even in early nineties - there were lot 's of criticism towards government . 
  do you remember `` kabaret olgi lipi\u0144skiej '' ? 
  or `` polskie zoo '' ? 
  at no point since 1989 public media in poland were as biased as now . 
  not even close . 
  it 's funny how extramarital sex is nothing special , there are no abortions , and very few extramarital kids in poland . 
  it must be a miracle , no way these women just go to czech republik or germany . 
  herba ta = latin for `` ta plant/herb '', 
  common enemy is needed . 
  someone noone cares about . 
  you should know how this works . 
  i also criticized that . 
  sld to be exact . 
  but pis as well was in power before it all was published and did nothing ( 2006-2007 ) . 
  what it even means `` leftist '' ? 
  pis was with po in one party for most of the 90s , they did the reforms they criticize now . 
  and pis current economic policy is more socialist than anything po did . 
  apparently the only thing people care about when speaking about leftists is lgbt laws and refuges . 
  but the exact people calling others `` leftist '' are criticizing the reforms that got away from communism , and are issueing economic policies clearly inspired by `` leftists '' ones ( 500 + , national economic programmer , taking money from ofe to government , nationalization of `` key '' companies ) . 
  it 's basicaly used as a generic insult at this point , with no meaning . 
  pis do have ~ 35 % supporters , most of them hardcore ( they survived through 8 years without election success , with everybody laughing at them ) . 
  that 's exactly the reason people vote for populists . 
  the end effect is the opposite of course , but it takes years for economy to crash . 
  but then you do n't have any way to vote for change again , because pis can basically issue law saying `` next elections 99 % of mandates are from countryside near rzesz\u00f3w , and 1 % from the rest of poland '' . 
   who the fuck i do . 
  we also have our retirement money stolen , our constitution broken , our courts subdued by the government . 
  but `` it 's ok because the previous government was bad '' . 
  well they were bad , but not that bad . 
  also they pay people money so they 're good apparently ... 
  maybe you 're unaware of the planning method they used : `` let 's assume everything will be ok and everybody will be glad to trade with us on current terms , and let 's not talk about details '' . 
  as in before making a decision . 
  usually you create plans before you do sth , 
  lithuania . 
  if you can walk there without passing other countries it counts i guess . 
  because current government openly breaks the constitution to introduce law changes they do n't have mandate to make ( they only got 37 % of votes in elections , thanks to the quirks of election system ( lots of parties that were just under the bias to get to parliament ) that translated to 51 % of votes in parliament , but to change constitution you have to have 66 % of votes in parliament - they do n't ) . 
  they ca n't legaly change the constitution , so they break the laws in constitution they do n't like instead . 
  the main problem for them is the fact that tk ( constutitional court ) has the right tocheck all laws against constitution and to void them if they are breaking the constitution . 
  so they introduced unconstutitional law that said `` tk has to operate with all 15 members on all the cases '' instead of the previous 3 members at minimum , and that `` tk has to handle the cases in the order they were given to them '' . 
  that would mean that all their bad laws would be checked against constitution years from now , including serious issues like privacy , independence of courts from government , public gatherings restrictions , etc. 
  for other example why it was bad - it gave the government right to fire constutitional judges ( and then they would put their own in that place ) . 
  they aso created many bad laws - anti-terrorist act that allows the government to put people in jail without telling people ( or their lawyers ) the charges , if the government decides there is terrorist threat , a law allowing them to forbid public gatherings for the same reason , a law restricting selling of farming land and forests , a law allowing to invigilate foreigners on polish soli without permission from courts , a law allowing them to keep peoplle in temporary arrest without charges for up to 7 days ( it was 48h before ) . 
  it 's just a few examples , there 's more laws that will probably be judged unconstutitional . 
  there were huge protests , eu and venetian commision was asked for opinion and said it 's breaking the rule of law , and the law about contutitional couort was judged unconstutitional by the tk , but pis said it does n't matter , they just declined to do what law says they have to do - to accept the verdict and publish it as part of the law . 
  so we have 2 law systems in poland since that day - the one respected by government , and the one respected by courts . 
  in the meantime there were a few civil projects of new law about tk , but the project that was sent from the main opposition group kod was changed by pis so much that kod decided to cancel it , because it became very similar to the pis project . 
  and now government wrote another law about tk - again saying that they should handle the cases in the order they were send to them , so that all these laws will only be judged years from now ... 
  and he was right . 
  ignore kaczy\u0144ski remarks , his bullshit is for internal use . 
  pis already had more scandals in 9 months than po in 8 years . 
  pis was elected , they changed the law to block contutitional court and introduced many controversial laws , and declined to follow the verdict of the constutitional court about some of these laws - breaking the constitution . 
  they also label every critic as `` previous government lackeys , communists , or leftist '' . 
  the main narrative pushed in government 's media is `` poland is finally standing up from its knees '' and that we need to be more independent from germany ( meaning eu ) . 
  right-wing ideology popularity , xenophobic views , and catholic church involvment in politics increase ( at the same time when pope asks to accept refuges - polish church is threathening people with them ) . 
  they also took spend lots of money on unsustainable social spending - buying the voters in short-term and fucking everybody long-term . 
  basically kaczy\u0144ski is sth between orban and erdogan . 
  same in poland . 
  we 're 1 year ahead of uk . 
  ask poles and jews , 
   iberal , pluralist democracy ... `` what is the point in it ? '', 
  not to harm people for no reason . 
  what 's the point in doing the opposite ? 
  dunno , it 's not like the `` leave '' side was big on `` how '' from what i 've noticed . 
  they just do n't want people to settle there i think . 
  tourists are ok . 
  the plan to make uk poor so they wo n't stay makes a lot of sense actually ... 
  so predictable  ignore the really bad ones , argue the debatable ones . 
  say i 'm for censorship . 
  i 'm actually not , and i dislike pc bullshit ( and i 've argued so on reddit , in many cases ) . 
  people being offended by x can simply decide not to buy that x. 
  on the other hand when the state pays for that x it 's a problem . 
  it 's especially big problem , when the state is courting the extreme voters . 
  because it changes the mainstream narrative - eventually it will be `` common knowledge '' that soros ( meaning - jews ) is behind everything bad . 
  then some guy like marian kowalski or other idiot will get into parliament . 
  and in a decade who knows - he might be a president . 
  i 've seen stranger things . 
  and it 's not that jews are special . 
  if it was catholics ( like in britain in 19th/early 20th century ) i would have just as much problems with that . 
  the state funding anti-minority media is a bad sign . 
  and pis tries to do it and get away with it . 
  i only want them ( and the people that support them - including pis ) to admit responsibility for these views they fund . 
  if you hate gays and jews - admit it . 
  stop pretending and making excuses like they do . 
  and for government it 's the same - if you pay rydzyk to win elections - do n't say `` we 're going to fight antisemitism '' . 
  you 're part of the problem . 
  fix the problem first then you can declare fights agains antisemitism . 
  or do n't , but then be honest and admit you need these voters so you 're going to pay rydzyk and hire his journalists en masse in public media . 
  journalists , invited `` experts '' , etc. 
  only the most hardcore things are reserved for listeners . 
  they invite guys like micha\u0142kiewicz , wrzodak , bubel ( calling himself `` main antisemite of poland '' ) so it 's really no wonder . 
  baffles me how someone may not recogize their programme , though , 
  you 're going to ignore it , or choose the most debatable and argue it 's ok , right ? 
  well , it 's for everybody to read and decide for themselves .
