  but he was poor ruler for the times of peace . 
  not that it was easy country to rule - poland of that time had borders with ussr and 3rd reich , territory from 3 vastly different countries that kept it for over a century had to be integrated somehow , there was the great crisis going on in the background , country was destroyed in ww1 and in the war with ussr , there were problems with internal conflicts like with ukrainians , there was quite big illiteracy ( but it was changing quickly thanks to great elementary books by marian falski ) . 
  that was not easy . 
  still - he should n't do coup d'etat . 
  so , after all this growing ( assuming we do as good as they say ) poland will export for sth like 360 billions of 2011 dollars in 2020 , will maybe overtook spain and belgium , and that 's it . 
  so poland may be 6th biggest eu exporter by 2020 . 
  probably at least one thing will happen in the meantime , that will make such long predictions moot . 
  i 've never said pi\u0142sudski was dictator . 
  i 've said poland ruled by pi\u0142sudski and his people were authoritarian country . 
  that 's pretty obvious . 
  he did kept some opposition members in ~ ~ kartuza berezka ~ ~ bereza kartuska in jail . 
  he took power ( from dysfunctional government , but still ) using army . 
  there even were some small scale battles . 
  regarding vatican - i do n't particulary like catholic church ( or any other for that matter ) , but to be a pope you have to be elected . 
  pi\u0142sudski and his people were n't elected in 1926 . 
  they took power using force . 
  pi\u0142sudski was great military leader , freedom fighter ( terrorist  ) , and conspiracy member , but his leadership during peace was n't that good . 
  his rules made it possible for many incompetent-but-well-connected people to rise to prominent offices ( as a side effect , but still - that 's how authoritarian government ends up ) . 
  he basically delayed army reforms by 3-5 years ( and that was just before ww2 ) . 
  and he jailed opposition ( mostly communist spies , but also regular people that were n't happy with him ) . 
  if you think about it - pi\u0142sudski in modern times would be very similar to \u0141ukaszenko . 
  and i do n't want that to happen to poland . 
  in peaceful times democracy ( with all its problems ) is much better . 
  if all muslim-sceptics live in one region it 's quite possible . 
   any country that has at one point been under the hand of the russian empire or the ussr has a significant part of the population that understand russian not really . 
  why ? 
  i 'm excited to inform you , that the rate at which everything 's going to hell has slightly decreased . 
  disclaimer - i 'm a pole and have much to gain if ukraine enters eu ( and some funds from eu to lose , but then these money will run dry anyway , and honest trade is better than begging for money in the long term ) . 
  their eu membership would benefit both eu and ukraine , even if it was next year . 
  in comparison to greece ( money sink without economy except tourism , huge support for nazi party , nobody can rule them ) ukraine membership in eu is nobrainer . 
  when i was in ukraine in 2007 it was like poland in 1995 . 
  wild capitalism , relicts of communism everywhere , people struggling with new world around them . 
  but most stereotypes were false - everybody were friendly , nobody asked me for bribe , the cities were n't less clean tha polish or german for that matter . 
  their roads are awful , but then - polish ones were awful too even 10 years ago . 
  many ukrainians work or study in poland , my uncle wife is ukrainian . 
  they are very similar culturaly to poles . 
  they just had less political luck after 1989 . 
  these structural problems are not caused by regular ukrainians , but by their `` elites '' . 
  who has access to the best business opportunities - trading gas , contracts for army , etc , to media , everywhere . 
  and nobody in ukraine will deal with these people , if there 's no hope for ukrainians that it will pay off . 
  they see how turkey accession is treated . 
  they see that eu has own problems . 
  they see that russia is doing economicaly ok . half of them feel like russians anyway . 
  eu acting like girl out of ukraines league is only making things worse . 
  how to change that - ukrainians tried in `` orange revolution '' . 
  they lost , mainly because of lack of support from `` the west '' . 
  yeah - we helped them during the protest and the elections . 
  but later , when their first more or less democratic government had to deal with all these structural problems - we looked the other way . 
  we should be encouraging reforms , giving hope to ukrainians , making business with them . 
  instead we ( our politicians ) said `` maybe some day '' . 
  this wo n't help anybody ( except those that opt for russian instead of eu integration of ukraine ) . 
  i 've never learnt ukrainian , russian , czech or slovakian , and from these ukrainian is the easiest for me to understand , followed by czech and slovakian , and russian is the hardest . 
  i think people in this unit will just speak english - they are meant to work as peacekeepers , and such forces in every country speak english already . 
  there are , for example ukrainian soldiers were under nato command in afghanistan . 
  the unit will even stay in [ lublin ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/union_of_lublin ) . 
  same place the commonwealth was signed . 
  symbolism ? 
  pragmatism ? 
  lublin is roughly in the middle of the road warszawa-l'viv and krak\u00f3w - vilnius . 
  but seriously - there 's no way commonwealth is back . 
  ukrainians and lithuanians do n't want it . 
  anyway , cooperation is good . 
  pointless and confunding questions ftw . 
  while i do n't particulary like scientology , if that 's why government is infiltrating religions - all should be infiltrated . 
  certainly christians , muslims and jews . 
  never . 
  i was just replying to shudders example . 
  current polish migration to uk is not because of government in exile or post-war political migration to uk . 
  it 's just because everybody young speak some english in poland , and uk was the first to open job market for poland after eu accession . 
  but you see , we had no choice  . 
  it was you or russians , and they would probably retaliate . 
  even uk killed their people during demonstrations . 
  things changed between xix century and now , not only in romania , and going through communism to deal with civil rights issues seems very strange to me  communist shoot to demonstrating people too . 
  in xx century . 
  i imagine if not for ww2 most countries in c&e europe would go same way spain or italy did ( there was marshall plan , after all , and much infrastructure to rebuild - good oportunity for industrialization and urbanisation ) . 
   the problem is - people see what 's wrong now , and only know what was wrong then from their parents and grandparents , which see it thorught nostalgia , and only got their informations in the past informations from state propaganda . 
  same in poland . 
  it will happen naturally in sth like 40 years ( when older people from c&e europe that learnt russian and german instead of english will die ) . 
  you wo n't persuade older people to learn a new language in their 40s or 50s . 
  and since 1989 everybody young learn english in school , from movies , radio , internet , etc. 
  the only reason i see to make a law for something that works ok by itself is being german , 
  poland : - 6 y.o. 
  - pre-school class ( optional ) - 7 y.o. 
  - primary school ( 6 years ) - 13 y.o. 
  - high school ( 3 kinds to chose from - liceum/technikum/school of trade ) ( 3 years ) then you are 18 or 19 , and you can end education there ( to 18 y.o. 
  education is mandatory ) . 
  you can also take final exam ( matura ) , and go to university - bachelors degree is 3 years , masters is another 2 years . 
  but it changed very recently , before few years there was only masters , so almost everybody still go for the whole 5 years , cause people do n't think about bachelors degree as `` real '' higher education . 
  education is free of charge ( inluding university , if you can pass exam good enough to be admited to public university for `` dzienne '' ( daily ) course ) . 
  i think about 1/2 to 1/3 students study on daily courses , but i do n't have data for that . 
  if you got bad notes on the exam , or if you work and ca n't go to university during the day there are `` zaoczne '' ( during the weekends ) and `` wieczorowe '' ( during the evenings ) courses on almost all universities , but these costs about 2000-8000 pln ( 500-2000 euro ) each half of a year . 
  there are also private universities , that have all their courses paid , and are considered second class education ( cause you do n't have to pass exam to study there ) . 
  at 24-25 y.o. 
  you should graduate masters , except for a few special studies , like medical for example , which take 6 years . 
  on most courses you have to create and defend `` masters thesis '' at the end of the course , and you can do that with delay - some people do that even a few years after they finished course . 
  only then they get their degree . 
  from the phd degree up all the courses are paid . 
  in poland you actually ca n't stop going to shool untill you are 18 years old . 
  and you graduate upper secondary level around 18 , if you have n't had ~ ~ torepeat ~ ~ to repeat any class . 
  so it 's very rare for people to not graduate high school .
