  in 2016 it was ~ 16\u00a0182\u00a0000 people . 
  in 2004 it was ~ 13\u00a0768\u00a0000 people . 
  how is that relevant if we disagree about him being a collaborant ? 
  the balance will be moving further and further towards higher education , no matter if we want it or not . 
  look at farming - at one point majority of population was working in farming . 
  now it 's a few percent in developed countries . 
  next big shift will be transport - self-driving cars are almost there . 
  bit by bit physical jobs will disappear , and it 's much better to prepare people for that when they are young . 
  there 's maybe 1 000 000 of them in 38\u00a0000\u00a0000 country . 
  noticeable , but not nearly enough to do all the physical work . 
  most killed people in occupied poland durin ww2 was jews therefore israel invaded poland . 
  was selling whiskey to native americans a collaboration from usa standpoint ? 
  to me it seems more corelated with how small the country is . 
   they just annexed crimea by accident . 
  or do you deny the fact crimea is now recognized by russia as part of russia ? 
  i do n't know . 
  in my city they 've started building an opera/theatre in 1974 and finished this year . 
  but also not every person from urban areas use internet . 
  because they have fun irl ? 
  so 20 % makes sense ? 
  ban on encryption is ban on math . 
  it 's government telling you `` you ca n't use this number or that algorithm '' . 
  it 's absurd , it violates basic human rights , enforcing it is impossible for the few people who care enough , and it barely helps fighting terrorism . 
  on the other hand mass survilance is very profitable thing to do , no matter if you 're big companies or government , so i see the appeal for them . 
  if we 're not concerned with human rights anymore - much easier and more effective solution to terrorism would be to ban all religions ( at least untill you 're 18 y.o. 
  giving up essential freedom for possible minor decrease in terrorist attacks is so stupid i ca n't even ... are you at least consistent and support forbidding cars as well ( the death toll is much higher ) ? 
   why do people deserve privacy ? 
  you 're looking at it the wrong way - it 's not that they deserve privacy ( which they do , but that 's irrelevant here ) , it 's that they deserve the freedom to record any numbers they want on their digital media , and to run any algorithm on that numbers that they wish . 
  and that government should not be able to torture you or imprison you to force you to tell them what number you recorded . 
  anything else is absurd , honestly , and result in banning numbers and `` thought crimes '' . 
  these rights alone give you right to encrypt whatever you want . 
  lol , they wrote lubin instead of lublin ( different city , oposite side of poland ) . 
  also no warsaw ( but that 's reasonable - it was a bigger village then  ) . 
   poland was exactly the same , during the 90s there was no `` country '' . 
  people were stealing whatever they could . 
  i was alive then and nobody i knew was stealing . 
  if anything - the most stealing happened near the end of communism when it was often the only way to get such rare goods as concrete , styrofoam , or even toilet paper . 
  as for millionairs - could you explain to me how it happened that poland was stealing so much , and yet we do n't really have oligarchs , unlike most post-soviet countries ? 
  even `` western '' and `` civilized '' czech republic , that is much smaller country - has oligarchs . 
  we do n't . 
  kulczyk does n't even come close . 
  how comes if they were stealing so much ? 
  yes it was wild times , and harsh for people . 
  but not because of some conspiracy or stealing . 
  simply because most of the economy had no value , and there were tremendous differences between poland and the west - and you could capitalize on that very easily . 
  who went into import business could make a fortune in a year . 
  who tried to survive producing useless stuff nobody needed anymore - went bust . 
  the original marshall plan after ww2 was available for eastern block countries too . 
  ussr made them decline the help because evil capitalism . 
  poor russians , if not for that they could 've continued to opress all these millions of people in estern block to this day . 
  damn shame they stopped . 
  btw when russians steal from russians it 's the fault of the west . 
  when russia invades ukraine and annexes part of it - it 's also fault of the west . 
  just so we 're clear on that issue . 
  well he is . 
   they do n't hide it , their plan was clear and consequences are as well . 
  they planned 3.8 % gdp growth for 2016 . 
  we 've got less than 3 % . 
  source : http://www.mf.gov.pl/c/document_library/get_file?uuid=4f2c7a5a-9e43-467b-8ba1-99502f18bbfa&amp;groupid=764034, 
   right now any reporter can enter polish parliment that 's just false . 
  exact rules here : http://www.sejm.gov.pl/media8.nsf/files/zjei-acgdt8/%24file/zarzadzenie_ms_1_2008.pdf journalists have to register and get the `` karta prasowa '' . 
  do n't take the propaganda of either side on face value . 
  it 's frustrating , but you really ca n't repeat anything political seen on tvp or tvn without checking for yourself novadays . 
  it 's lies half the time . 
  and most recently in tvp i 'd say 70 % of the time : /, 
  it 's not like making non-ethnicaly-related people shoot each other is better . 
   also did n't the previous government do the things the current one is doing but in reverse ? 
  no  also are n't the protests funded by previous government i was n't . 
  people i know were n't . 
  there were 3 guys with sld flags and maybe 10 with nowoczesna flags . 
  probably they were paid . 
  still are  well , except l'viv is not polish anymore . 
  there was invention and popularization of cheap artifical fertilizers in the meantime . 
  what separates hlodomor from the rest - was the fact that it was the most fertile land in soviet union , and they took their seeds away and created the starvation artifically and forbid them to leave and forbid them to trade for food . 
  yes but pis is more left compared to most opposition parties , 
  well the only country i 'm aware off that tried to ban such low-level markets were soviet union during hlodomor , and the result was millions starved . 
  i take `` people not starving in grain-exporting countries '' as basic indicator of `` it works '' . 
  tvp had not shown that so it did n't happen , 
  there was po , nowoczesna , psl , razem , sld on these protests . 
  economically all but razem are right-wing compared to pis . 
  pis propganda , obviously . 
  max kolonko unbiased  btw : i do n't even own tv . 
   and if po were at power those three branches would be at the same spot as they were now that 's bullshit - ask 10 random polish lawyers . 
   true change will come with now young generation . 
  god forbid poland will be ruled by guys elected by teens listening to max kolonko :(, 
  you do n't see a difference between usa ( where american citizen can vote ) and russia ( where russian citizen can vote ) ? 
  both countries seem exactly as democratic to you ? 
  hell , even in north korea there are elections . 
  democracy - check . 
  pis just voted without members of oppositon , not using electronic system , or even the only other legal alternative - voting with signed cards . 
  instead they just roughly calculated votes by counting hands ( opposition was still protesting and they have n't informed them where they moved ) . 
  it 's not even sure if they had quorum . 
  some pms were signing the list outside , after the voting ( for example ziobro ) . 
  https://twitter.com/stasinskim/status/810615491614175232 sorry but po never did anything resembling this . 
  and that 's voting on fucking budget for 2017 ... kinda important . 
  but kaczy\u0144ski approved so it 's formality , right ? 
  the whole voting stuff is just a show ... 
  since pis took power it 's chaos and incompetence all over the place , i just wish they all go to hell and we can have normality again . 
  even fucking sld was better . 
  as a pole : i disagree about the old people , and about the oposition doing the same things as pis does .
