  i remembered it differently somehow . 
   when is your next election ? 
  should be in 2015 , but if the opposition parties think they could win more seats than they have now they can vote for earlier elections in a few weeks . 
  the problem is - most of the opposition parties that are in polish sejm currently a month ago ( in euroelections ) got worse percentages than before , so it may be not in their interest ( depending on how many people they calculate to change votes from governing party to theirs instead of newcomers like knp ( which is n't in sejm right now ) ) . 
  last time we had `` watergate '' was in 2002 and there were earlier elections . 
  there are corrupted politicians in a democracy , so what ? 
  the fact that it 's exposed and governments are changed by people actually means democracy works . 
  in poland in early 2000s sld was in power , they got caught in corruption scandal , got vopted out and they were n't in power ever since . 
  this time it can be the same with po . 
  compare to putin , \u0141ukaszenko or kims in north korea - how do you change them when they do something stupid ? 
  you do n't . 
  criticizing democracy because there are corrupt politicians is like criticizing marriage institution because some people cheat . 
   i am always interested how much of lithuanian polish can a real pole understand , here is a fb dla wilniuk\u00f3w thanks for the link - it 's interesting . 
  i understand everything , but some words have secondary meaning i catch only from the context ( `` chorujecie '' as `` kibicujecie '' for example ) . 
  strangely it sounds to me more like interwar l'viv dialect ( i only know it from the kornel makuszy\u0144ski books ) than modern bia\u0142ystok dialect ( which is the closest big polish city to vilnius , and is considered the region with lithuanian influences ) . 
  what happens in poland is good , not bad ( because exposing corruption is good , and i say so even that i supported po recently ) . 
  the corrupted politicians were bad , but there 's no reason to think they started just recently . 
  on the other hand russia do have something to gain by trying to destabilise poland , and there were precedenses . 
  for example late andrzej lepper ( former vice-prime minister ) got to power by organising farmers protests against polish eu accession in early 2000s , and he was getting money and support from russia and belarus `` ministry of farming '' . 
  he was n't very important in polish politics , but he got several percentage support in one elections and ended up pis parter in coalition . 
  so yeah , i would not be surprised if that was russian agents , but we wo n't know anyway . 
  and no matter who recorded it - it 's a great possibility to fight corruption so unfortunately ( because they were quite competent otherways ) po must go , just like sld did . 
  i just hope there will be some new power in politics , because i wo n't vote left side , and neither pis , nor knp seems ok . 
   no `` complaints are justifiable '' then why no bilingual signs in lithuania ? 
   about justification , i refuse to justify any death , or put a meaning to it , because it puts into a trap . 
  there were just people trying to survive fighting anything they say as threat . 
  they wanted their own country - fair enough . 
  poles did , too . 
  does n't change anything . 
  does n't make sense to say `` all crimes are equal '' . 
  if you kill people that attack you - you are a hero . 
  if you invade others ( and some poles did some of that , too , including taking wilno in 20s ) - you are a murderer . 
  if you kill people that did nothing to you - in tousands - you 're a war criminal . 
  simple as that . 
   just answer me a question how come ukrainian polish citizens became on different side of barricades ? 
  because they were persecuted . 
  nobody denies that . 
  also wanted their own country . 
  so what ? 
  right now poles in lithuania ( whiny bunch as they are ) complain about being persecuted by lithuanians . 
  some of their complains are justified . 
  do you think they have right to kill a few tousands of lithuanians ? 
  because some of them certainly feel threathened by lithuanians . 
  would it be `` just trying to survive '' ? 
  it 's a very dumb rethoric to say any persecution justifies any response . 
  also ukrainians in interwar poland ( while they were indeed persecuted ) were n't killed or starving as you sugest . 
  all the rest is naive anarchism and i wo n't go into that here . 
  it was debated many times . 
  of course poles were n't saint , but : - there were no mass murders of ukrainians in poland - villagers were random , mostly innocent people . 
  for comparison - imagine afroamericans in usa in 60s organised militia and killed 50 000 random white citizens of usa . 
  would it be justified , or would members of that milita be war criminals ? 
  because in ukraine there is significant minority that views them as heroes . 
  upa killed 50 000 people or more . 
  mostly kids and women . 
  only because they were polish . 
  burning whole villages , waiting for anybody who escape and killing them , then going to the next village , etc. 
  if that 's not a war crime - what is ? 
  you would guess wrong . 
  yes , obviously . 
  and things done by part of ukrainian society 60 years ago are not a reason to invade ukraine today . 
  but it would help ukrainian case if they stopped the right sector and similar movements from glorifying bandera . 
  his army - upa - was also responsible for mass murder of over 50 000 poles in eastern poland/western ukraine . 
  they murdered whole villages . 
  http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/massacres_of_poles_in_volhynia_and_eastern_galicia not a nice guy , russians are right there . 
  edit : wrong number , i only counted the ones murdered in wo\u0142y\u0144 . 
  russian government . 
  i think it 's clear from the context . 
  i hope so . 
  imagine all the possibilities that infinitely divisible , easily transferable currency gives people to monetise weird stuff . 
  imagine reddit where people pay 0,000001 pln for each comment they write . 
  imho it would have much better content . 
  yes i know . 
  will hurt economy . 
  so what . 
  it 's summer . 
  stop buying russian anything for a few months . 
  if they do this in the summer when they have less leverage over eu think what they will do in the next winter . . 
  better to act now . 
  also notice they do their shit always during big sport events . 
  i bet in kgb manuals that 's one of the first rules . 
  i got singaporean , us black vernacular / ebonics , new zealand , and russian , hungarian , german . 
  if you want to feel badass you can try no hands at all . 
  best used in countryside . 
  polish `` pospolite ruszenie '' or `` popular movement '' was unpaid army of nobles + mercenaries hired by them . 
  king in exchange offered them some priviledges , and besides nobility in poland paid almost no taxes and had rights unheard elsewhere ( electing kings , voting on taxes and wars , religious freedoms etc ) . 
  when olbracht went to fight turks he used 40 000 strong pospolite ruszenie army , that ( theorethically ) was mostly nobility . 
  and there were huge casualties in that war on polish side , that 's why nobles afterwards created the proverb . 
  tl ; dr : king olbracht persuaded them to fight turks and lost . 
  of course the proverb is hyperbole . 
  nowhere close to destroying nobility - it was around 10 % of polish population at the time . 
  wnet to moldova to fight turks . 
  moldova was polish vassal at the time , but they turned to turks instead , so we fought both of them and predictably lost . 
  there were big casualities among nobility , or so the proverb says . 
  he was good at art etc , but bad at ruling . 
  for example catherine played him like a small boy - both in love and in politics . 
  wo n't be original , but [ w\u0142adys\u0142aw jagie\u0142\u0142o ] ( http://pl.wikipedia.org/wiki/w%c5%82adys%c5%82aw_ii_jagie%c5%82%c5%82o ) is my favorite . 
  he wanted to deal with teutonic order , so he ordered half a year before to prepare mobile pontoon bridge to cross vistula river in any place he wanted ( it was made in parts , it could be moved with army , and constructed in any place in less than one day ) . 
  thanks to that whole polish army ( together with horses , carts and artillery ) moved through the vistula surprising teutonic order completely . 
  he also build many castles , churches , etc , that still stand in most old polish cities , recreated first polish university , and together with his brother witold made the future polish-lithuanian commonwealth possible . 
  nice , but `` worlds first computer coding championship '' is a stretch .
