  that 's why the barking is going on - because forest adjust to the conditions . 
  let them . 
  i know you joke , but some people think for real that these damn ecologists block investment opportunities . 
  puszcza bia\u0142owieska and the otulina are in remote , scarcely populated part of poland . 
  no point in creating industry there ( other than agriculture and forestry ) 2 . there 's plenty of unused fields in region , no point in cutting down the only thing that region has going - the nature park and surrounding `` protecting forests '', 
  pests will happen . 
  we had forests for tousands of years and somehow they survived the pests . 
  the whole point of non-managed forests is to let them kill the trees . 
  always some trees of that species survive , and the rest rots there , providing homes for many endangered species ( because in 99 % of polish forests you wo n't find a rotting tree because it 's immediately taken care of ) . 
  the whole thing only happened in the first place because the forest ( otulina puszczy bia\u0142owieskiej ) was created with too many similar trees close to each other . 
  just let some of them die , the forest will adapt and go on . 
   those trees need to be cut down due to borer infestation . 
  no they do n't `` need to '' . 
  most of these trees will die , but the forest is n't just one species , so it will go on . 
  the dead trees will be home for many endangered species of birds and insects . 
  that 's the whole point of natural forests as opposed to industrial ones . 
  and the fact that the forest will become more diverse thanks to majority ( or any overrepresented ) species being decimated - will mean that in future single pest wo n't be such a big deal . 
  leave the natural forests to scientists , not to foresters , please . 
  foresters in poland mostly deal with 80 % pine industrial forests that are the majority of poland . 
  they know how to maximize the output , not how to make the best natural forest we can have . 
  if they `` save '' this forest today it will just die ( or need saving ) the next time . 
  but they do n't care because they only care about good quality wood . 
  units go at the end , duh . 
  it 's acceptable i guess to do what electrical engineers do : 1 $ 99 saving the dots for when we need it . 
   there are no occupations where you 'll actually get paid like $ 0.50 / hr . 
  in countries with no minimum wage at all there are also no such occupations usually . 
  well they are not dictatorial yet - they have support of around 30 % of the population ( oposition has a few percent less ) . 
  the problem is - they mess with the separation of powers ( taking over persecutors , courts , and introducing unconstutitional laws using `` we fight corruption of the system '' as an excuse ) , and they can be hard to remove democratically once poles wake up . 
  decrease their capita while invading , duh . 
  seriously , vikings these days . . 
  people that read it exist , so they are served a worldview they want . 
  that 's how media work . 
  the only ethical solution is education . 
  that was the excuse , but : - they cut all trees , not only species threathened - the beetle would n't kill all the trees , and natural forests are supposed to be like that , they recover naturally , that 's the whole point, 
   po and liberalism is finished in poland pis had worse results in 2008-2015 than po has now , and po had better results 2 years after it won elections than pis has now . 
  and even during 2015 elections pis won by smaller margin than po did in 2008 . 
  it was a quirk of other smaller parties not getting to parliament that gave pis the single majority in parliament . 
  so i would n't count out po quite yet . 
   according to polls , tusk is more unpopular than popular . 
  still currently a favourite to win presidential elections if they happened now . 
  not by much , though . 
  the problem is - pis introduced biggest social spending programme ever in poland , and reverted unpopular ( but neccesary ) retirement age increase . 
  and they invested heavily in anti-german , anti-eu and anti-refuges propaganda , while po was supporting taking a small amount of refuges . 
  and poles bought the whole scaremongering propaganda , and now even po has to pretend they are against , but it make them look stupid . 
  on the other hand pis is making itself look stupid every week as well . 
  hard to tell what people will do . 
  mostly depends how many educated vs uneducated people will go to vote . 
   there are millions of hectares of forest in poland , why they choose this particular one ? 
  because it 's around bia\u0142owie\u017ca , and larger primeval forests are more resilent . 
  but they need to be natural - no monoculture , no logging . 
  when you have large monoculture forests you 're suspectible to pests . 
  but the whole point is to make varied , natural forest around bia\u0142owie\u017ca , so that they can absorb any damage that may happen . 
   ornithologist that 's why he complains that logging almost-primeval forests around bia\u0142owie\u017ca are shrinking the environment where endangered species can live . 
  your point ? 
  tell that pis bullshit propaganda to the actual biologists and scientists . 
  yes , but these are 99 % artifical monoculture forests . 
  better than nothing , but no replalcement for primeval forests . 
  many threathened species only survive in primeval forests . 
  and they ( szyszko and foresters managing industrial forests ) try to carve parts of bia\u0142owie\u017ca for industrial use and turn them into monoculture as well . 
  so no , it 's not blown out of proportion . 
  read articles in fucking nature : https://www.nature.com/news/polish-scientists-protest-over-plan-to-log-in-bia%c5%82owie%c5%bca-forest-1.19428 but that 's just scientists , right ? 
  what do they know . 
  2 more years . 
  it 's pronounced `` w '' . 
  in polish there 's some proverbs calling it bo\u017ca kr\u00f3wka ( god 's cow ) . 
  but outside of proverbs nobody calls it bo\u017ca kr\u00f3wka . 
  not poland , just one fucking imbecile in government . 
   just think about it , if ~ ~ circumcised ~ ~ sexually abused males ( who are usually heads of their families ) would feel mutilated then they would not have done it to their sons and the circle would have been stopped by now . 
  you do realize this argument works just as well for legalization of pedophilia . 
  that 's usually a bad sign for your argument . 
  yeah , just like personal liberties and rule of law . 
  sorry , thought you 're from russia . 
  you threathened to increase gas prices when ukraine had revolution for one example . 
  you threathened to cut the supply to poland off when we supplied ukraine and czech republic with gas we bought from you . 
  russia repeatedly blackmailed ukraine , belarus , and poland politically by stopping delivering gas in winter . 
  before nordstream they had to lose profits from selling gas to germany and france , when they did that . 
  no longer . 
  no wonder schroeder ( former german chancelor , currently gazprom manager ) was accused of taking bribes to allow that . 
  helping russia to be able to profit from selling gas to western eu while still blackmail eastern eu , and belarus and ukraine ( because nordtream omits these countries ) . 
  yeah , great idea . 
   traditions and communal celebrations have been at the center of human social structure since the evolution of our species . 
  nobody wants it to stop . 
  it 's just that these traditions change all the time and you ca n't artificaly preserve them , or prevent new ones from forming . 
  that 's how societies evolve . 
  i 'd say novadays a football match or a trip to cinema is more important social experience for most people , than a corpus christi procession . 
   whilst the post-modernists wreck instability , havoc and social conflict lol . 
  damn postmodernists destroying civilization  may i remind you that one of the societies that preserves their traditions the most ( muslims ) is responsible for most instability , havoc , and social conflict on the planet currently ? 
  i would very much like if they abandoned some of their traditions , like stoning people to death for having an affair for example . 
  or teaching kids to kill civilians in their pathethic attempts at freedom fighting ( read - terrorism ) . 
  i would also argue that when some pagan countries christinaized and abandoned their traditions like human sacrifices - it was a net benefit . 
  and when christian traditions in some countries like publicly burning witches or heretics were abandoned - it was also a good thing . 
  things are good or bad , the fact that they are social and traditional is independent of that . 
  i 'm euroenthusiast , i dislike trump , but in this debate i 'm on american side . 
  it 's very shortsighted and selfish of germany and austria to support putin 's regime for small economical gain . 
  we got the whole christianity thing from you in the first place . 
  he 's not wrong , he 's insane . 
  since 89 catholic church increased wealth and political influences , changed law several times ( abortion was allowed , religion had to be taught in churches not in schools , priests had to pay same taxes as everybody ) , and meanwhile less and less people are believers . 
  yeah - obviously fault of `` rotting western civilization of death '' . 
  also sth about leftists later , but i was n't listening closely at the time . 
  i 'm at work ( customers ' bank holidays apply to me ) , it 's hot , windows are open , a priest is preaching through loudspeakers outside that catholicism is persecuted in poland , but `` do n't be afraid , little sheeps , to show your faith in public '' .
