  wolves would attack herds , bears would n't . 
  i think . 
  so elven speech from the witcher is just welsh ? 
  i 'm asking for the possibility to pay instead of accepting refuges , and for eu-wide market of places for refuges . 
  sth similar to energy certificates . 
  then it becomes a matter of price , instead of being a matter of politics and emotions . 
  one idea - divide the number of migrants by the eu gdp . 
  the proportion of country gdp/eu gdp = the percentage of migrants each country is responsible for . 
  then if a country accepts enough migrants - it 's ok , if not - it can pay others to accept these migrants for them . 
  there can even be market for migrants ( germany offers to accept n migrants for 1k euro monthly , sweden for 1.2 k euro monthly , etc ) , and ocuntries can solve this the usual way - with money and hagling . 
  instead we try to force people that do n't want to live together to live together ( neither migrants want to live in hungary , nor hungarians want to have migrants there ) . 
  it 's dumb and - worse - inefficient . 
  and yet sld and pis survived for pretty long in opposition . 
  i would add psl but i think they never were in opposition , 
  20 % is n't `` end '' . 
  donbas is one of the richest parts of ukraine . 
  or , more correctly - was . 
  now it 's poor shithole . 
  i agree with the rest . 
  it seems you skipped over this part  ossetian separatists began shelling georgian villages on 1 august [ 2008 ] , with a sporadic response from georgian peacekeepers and other fighters in the region . 
  i agree that the response was n't proportional , and that people responsible should be put to trial . 
  i disagree that russian response to that was correct . 
  both . 
  it went on and off since early nineties . 
  if you mean 2008 :  tensions between georgia and russia began escalating in april 2008 . 
  [ 47 ] south ossetian separatists committed the first act of violence when they blew up a georgian military vehicle on 1 august , wounding five georgian peacekeepers . 
  [ 48 ] during the evening , georgian snipers retaliated by attacking the south ossetian border checkpoints . 
  [ 49 ] ossetian separatists began shelling georgian villages on 1 august , with a sporadic response from georgian peacekeepers and other fighters in the region . 
  [ 47 ] [ 50 ] [ 51 ] [ 52 ]  on 7 august , georgian president mikheil saakashvili , ordered a unilateral ceasefire at about 7 pm . 
  [ 53 ] however , ossetian separatists intensified their attacks on georgian villages . 
  [ 54 ] [ 55 ] [ 56 ] georgia launched a large-scale military operation against south ossetia during the night of 7 -- 8 august 2008 . 
  [ 57 ] according to the eu fact-finding mission , 10,000 -- 11,000 soldiers took part in the general georgian offensive in south ossetia . 
  [ 58 ] the investigators found that `` none of the explanations given by the georgian authorities in order to provide some form of legal justification for the attack '' were valid . 
  and that `` it is not possible to accept that the shelling of tskhinvali with grad multiple rocket launchers and heavy artillery would satisfy the requirements of having been necessary and proportionate , '' . 
  [ 59 ] [ 60 ] the official reason given by tbilisi for this was to `` restore constitutional order '' in the region . 
  [ 61 ] https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/south_ossetia#1989.e2.80.932008 still , shooting civilians can not be accepted of course ( unless it 's syria or russia doing it , then it 's apparently ok ) . 
  you just declare that the state you invade does n't exist . 
  well , in their position i would n't want to add work to myself either . 
  the way russian policy goes recently they would have to vote to give permission to use army in another country every year . 
  well , 2 terrorist states will fight each other . 
  ca n't be bad . 
  a shame that it will probably mean 3rd terrorist state - assad 's syria , and assad himself - will get away with ordering massacres of tousands of civilians , but that 's politics . 
  also it 's funny how eu is so worried about people escaping war , but have no problem with dictatorship killing people , as long as it does n't allow them to escape . 
  i like him very much , and usually watch his show ( also the daily show ) . 
  i also agree we should admit refuges in europe ( but disagree with mandatory quotas ) . 
  but i think jon stewart was much more reasonable , and intelligent showman , than john olliver . 
  olliver is too biased to even consider the points of the other side . 
  his coverage of anita sarkeesian was very shallow and this one is the same - once he sees something that agrees with liberal-conservative divison , he ca n't help but jump into it without considering both sides . 
  and while reality does show liberal bias , it 's not 100 % . 
  orban will sell us to putin faster than you can say `` triannon '' . 
   v4 orban is best buddy with putin , slovakia and czech republic seems to be undecided . 
  if they want to change that , we 're definitely interested . 
  you voted not to be a country ? 
  why surprise ? 
  usa . 
  europe west of germany does n't care , and if germany had to choose between war for independent poland , or 20 % cheaper gas - i do n't have any doubts what they would choose . 
  nah , it 's russian diplomacy . 
  troll poland , see if it makes funny noises . 
  if you have to explain your architecture - it 's bad . 
  same goes for other art . 
  meh , it 's because they have time and do n't have money , not because of communism . 
  f35 are bad air superiority fighters , true ( they are more of a support planes , best at destroying air defences from mid range ) , but gripens are n't that good either , poland had evaluated them a few years ago and f-16 in modern versions turned out to be better . 
  swiss did the same , and f-18 , f-16 and eurofighters all turned out to have better capabilities . 
  i guess it makes sense for you to use them , because you produce them , but for someone who does n't - it just does n't make sense . 
  as for usa pressure - it 's there , but it 's not that big of a deal . 
  we recently decided to buy caracal helicopters despite the fact that sikorsky 's black hawks were also competing for that contract . 
  imho our recenlt military decisions are more or less rational . 
  yeah i mentioned that  but that 's just the trigger, 
  actually the priviledges were mostly given in late 16 and early 17 century . 
  but they only applied to nobles ( and in smaller scale townsman , jews , clergy ) , peasants had it bad . 
  cossack uprisings were caused mostly by the refusal to accept cossack leaders as szlachta ( thus giving them the same priviledges ) . 
  also chmielnicki got his women stolen from him by other polish nobleman , but that 's just the trigger . 
  tbh genocides just were n't in fashion yet . 
  it took romantism and popularization of the concept of nation . 
  and mass murders were practiced by all the sides ( see lisowczycy for polish examples from the era ) . 
  if you want to argue polish imperialism was better i 'd go with religious freedoms and relatively democratic system ( for its times ) . 
  but of course , for 80-90 % of population the priviledges were irrelevant , cause they were peasants and had none . 
  you just have to lie . 
  there 's a few shortcuts for ukraininans/belarusians/russians / kazachs with polish ancestors ( which is not very hard to fake and not checked too carefuly ) . 
  it 's because of historic reasons . 
  i 'm afraid as a brit you 'd have harder time getting that permit . 
  same difference . 
  my point was - what would it take to accept skipping the articles as just another dialect ? 
  so dumb . 
  so counterproductive . 
  is it more frustrating than `` gon na '' or `` should of '' ? 
  `` a book '' vs `` the book '' is like `` ksi\u0105\u017cka '' vs `` ta ksi\u0105\u017cka '' . 
  useless distinction most of the time , and if you do need it - `` that book '' works just as well as `` the book '' , so it would be logical to assume `` book '' is `` a book '' . 
  suddenly no need for articles . 
  but it 's not my language , so whatever . 
  it 's intelligible enough for a tourist or a blue collar job . 
  it 's not like the articles serve any purpose in english anyway . 
  you understand half the words , and can guess half of the rest . 
  this still means every few sentences you 're misunderstanding sth . 
  it 's not a problem in many jobs ( and you learn the lingo related to the job quickly ) . 
  my founding principles are love , freedom , and respect . 
  now let 's get these leftists hanged . 
   you just dance how they play for you both sides play their supporters . 
  that 's how politics is done in democratic countries . 
   what is also not good is outer force trying to interfere in internal matters of a country the whole point of half the eu institutions is exactly this .
