  these are only capitalized in correspondence to show respect . 
  in casual correspondence ( e-mail to a school friend ) and when you write sth else than a letter ( a book where someone says `` you '' for example ) you do n't need to capitalize these . 
  `` wy '' was the formal way to refer to non-nobility in polish as well , but at some point it become customary to refer to everybody per `` pan/pani/pa \u0144stwo '' even if they are n't nobility . 
  communists still used `` wy '' because nobles are evil , obviously . 
  so now , if you use `` wy '' to refer to someone in polish you sound like a communist from 1950s , 
   20-30 years of paying off mortage , really ? 
  if homes were n't cheaper in poland than in the west - that would be 50-70 years mortgage . 
  it was you who said `` western prices '' , i just corrected that . 
  i specificaly wrote that the price difference is n't big enough to make salaries in poland as good as these in western europe . 
   we have western prices we do n't . 
  food is cheaper . 
  homes are cheaper . 
  owning a car is cheaper ( tax differences are huge ) . 
  on the other hand electronics is more expansive ( except for the tvs etc ) . 
  of course the difference in costs of living are n't as big , as the differences in earnings , but they are real . 
  someone 's butthurt , 
  it 's hard , but not that hard , there are `` feels right '' rules that are hard to codify . 
  i do think it 's impossible to learn the formal way ( learn all the rules and exceptions and tables and look them up in memory in real time when you speak ) . 
  but i know some non-slavic foreigners that speak perfectly good polish after a few years living there . 
  you just have to hear and speak it every day and your brain will figure it out without memorizing the rules . 
  also most people speak with some grammar mistakes ( as a shortcut , out of ignorance , or on purpose for stylistic reasons ) . 
  i would n't say you need to speak perfect `` book '' polish to be fluent . 
  btw i was taught german in middle school for 4 years , and it was complicated too . 
  too many damn articles . 
  we only covered present and past tenses , i still do n't know how to speak about future in german . 
  but at least your pronounciation rules are straightforward . 
  my condolences . 
  ive heard some people had good results with ignoring cases at first when learning polish ( just speaking without them and learning them by assimilation - by listening to radio/tv/reading books ) . 
  tl ; dr : gender is literally worse than hitler . 
  it 's a nice way to see which country stereotypicaly likes your country but they 've broken it this year by hiding the popular votes . 
  there was 42 countries ? 
  everybody sing in english anyway . 
  and 90 % of people would n't know 90 % of languages in any case . 
  but yeah , i would love to hear polish song by german singer . 
  commonwealth is like sex - it 's better when both sides agree . 
  it was meh . 
  like all songs this year , and 99 % of all eurovision songs ever , including most winners . 
  give it 10 years and ireland will vote to join , 
  next year to prevent political voting do n't tell people from which country every song is . 
  double blind experiments for the win . 
  emigrants you mean ? 
  also - salty much ? 
  maybe change the name to sth that has no associations ? 
  dacia for example ? 
  the glass is surely the kind that breaks into harmless pieces . 
  still better not to be hit by it . 
  of course . 
  on the other hand 10 % of society slowly dying on the streets is n't exactly good business environment . 
  ad personam when you do n't even know who you speak with is n't very effective . 
  that way the countries with higher relative migration to the west ( like baltics ) get better growth . 
  if 2015 was better overall than 2014 ( duh ) then compaing y2y is less fair than q2q , given that pis was only in power for last 5 months . 
   nominal gdp hit the ceiling in 2008  so where did pps ` growth ' came from ? 
  mostly cheaper food and housing ( up to 40 % compared to 2008 , after adjusting for inflation ! ) . 
  in other words the growth was real but the currency fell . 
   current poland is basically country where old people feed on everyone else . 
  after their life-long savings turned into change in a few years of hyperinflation in late 80s . 
   to top it off current government has an insane plan to reverse the increase of pension age . 
  that at least i can agree with - it 's insane and will hugely increase public debt if the really do it . 
  it 's quarter to quarter , but after deseasoning the data , so it can be compared . 
  pis only started the term in november , so it 's no use comparing year by year . 
  poland : -0.1 in 2016q1 po achieved positive growth during crisis , pis achieved negative growth with no crisis ... 
  also the 2nd ww helped greatly by decreasing the `` capita '' by 17 % . 
  i give exactly 0 fucks about all that . 
  on the other hand as a programmer i do n't want to have to deal with usa ip dumbfuckery . 
  x is either ok or not ok . what does it matter who supports x ? 
  ttip proposes investor state dispute settlement , which when talking about usa companies in eu means software patents in eu . 
  thanks but no thanks . 
  first good think he did . 
  you are telling me nowoczesna is the party of poor people and pis is the party of rich people ? 
  with every comment you post more false assumptions and wrong generalizations . 
  1 . left-right division is meaningles in poland , stop with the stupid namecalling already ( * ) 2 . protesting what government does ! = protesting democracy ( * ) and if you insist - nowoczesna , psl , and po are right-wing compared to pis, 
  how is it worse than totally ignoring everybody younger than 30 ? 
  i just think politicians from 80s ( no matter - solidarity or pzpr ones ) do n't have place in polish politics anymore . 
  the world is nothing like it was in 1980s . 
  i am trying , really . 
  but you made whole language out of diminuitives . 
  because maoism is dumb . 
  yes . 
  how is this relevant ? 
  if you mean the situation in poland it 's the opposite . 
  current government is portraing european unioon as evil . 
  poland fearing immigration is like dwarves in fantasy fearing someone will steal their bearded women . 
  nah , it 's true . 
  many of them work illegaly . 
  politicans first create the fears . 
  this happened in poland last 2 years . 
  overwhelming propaganda to scare people . 
  it 's funny how they managed to persuade poles that uk and germany are literally battle zones , yet people still want to migrate there to earn more . 
  somehow it 's no longer battlezone when you work there . 
  power hungry demented man got his party elected : /, 
  no party before did it on pis scale . 
  even pis the last time was more reasonable . 
  look up the people they fired in the first 3 months . 
  most of them worked for decades . 
  it 's mathemathicaly impossible to say that everybody was doing the same and yet they worked for decades in their companies . 
  btw pis already increased number of clerks by a few tousands . 
  my ideal parliament is nowoczesna in power and razem as opposition . 
  no people older than 50 . 
  majorityof poles are pro-eu , even most pis voters . 
  that 's why pis wo n't officialy say they are against membership .
