  it requires money from country budget to finance the loses . 
  yet we continue to support defaulting mines , and to make these people go down and slowly die , and to churn all this stuff into air , just to keep a few hundred tousand people working that particular job they already have . 
  because they do n't want to change , and happen to work for boss that is big enough to survive blackmail . 
  it 's absurd . 
  it 's like i came to you and said `` i 'll hit myself with hammer each day , and you pay me compensation for that '' . 
  surely i deserve compensation ? 
  it 's dangerous and unhealthy job to hit myself with a hammer . 
  in poland everybody started near 0 in 1989 . 
  so we still have small inequalities , and small income differences . 
  there was no time for the rich to get very rich . 
  unlike some other post-communist countries we also do n't have oligarchs . 
  amount of millioners per 1000 citizens : https://static.pb.pl/filtered/4e/127310,574065,w_420.jpg in poland the 5 richest poles hold wealth worth 2.6 % polish gdp . 
  in czech republic it 's 9.4 % their gdp , in ukraine 15 % , in russia - wealth worth 21 % of their gdp belongs to 5 richest people . 
  another example - how much times more ceos in each country earn than a regular employe : https://static.pb.pl/filtered/4f/127311,651667,w_420.jpg in poland ceos earn 28 times the salary of regular employee on average . 
  in `` socialist '' scandinavia - 48 to 89 more . 
  in usa - ceos earn on average 354 times more each month than regular employees . 
  i 'm not a free market fanboy , but i also do n't see a need for bigger redistribution right now in poland . 
  free market wo n't solve everything . 
  but trade unions in economy made of a few big state owned companies , and 1000s small private companies does n't make sense . 
  in practice only employees of the few state owned ones can strike . 
  it 's unfair and only hurts most workers . 
  independence movement pretending it 's trade union . 
  at least after first few months . 
  we have tons of old , expansive , indirectly-state-owned mines in silesia , and a few modern private ones , mostly in lubelskie . 
  the private ones ( bogdanka ) did ok , despite the coal price goind down recently . 
  the state owned ones struggled . 
  so miners from the state-owned mnines came to warsaw , made a show , dumb kopacz agreed to everything , including premiums ( state pays the mines for each kg of sold coal , so they can sell it cheaper ) - but only for the state owned mines . 
  now bogdanka is struggling to sell coal in poland because state-owned mines dump market with cheaper coal paid from our taxes : / that 's `` social justice '' for you . 
  bigger blackmail politicians to gain edge over the small . 
  i fucking hate trade unions , they fuck everything up . 
   who 's going to check if they wo n't cross the border into germany for example ? 
  they already can , if they want to break law . 
  tourist visa is easy and there 's hundreds of tousands ukrainians in poland . 
  i wonder if the have pipelines already . 
  `` piwo to moje paliwo '' ( beer is my fuel ) as they say , 
  `` unity before everything else '' is basicaly fascism , 
  people believe what 's convenient . 
   i can as much easily show you statistics that say that poland is economical and political crisis . 
  why are you sure yours are the right one ? 
  i do n't believe your statistics , you dont believe mine . 
  show them , then . 
   poland could have handled the recent rebirth much , much better than it did by their fruits you 'll recognize them . 
  show me a country that managed the transition better than poland . 
  there is also this canal http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/dnieper%e2%80%93bug_canal it was economicaly important and ship traversable from black sea to baltic during commonwalth times , and there are some plans to revitalize it now . 
  its artifical parts are mostly in belarus , but to make it traversable from sea to sea again it would require a lot of work on the natural rivers in poland . 
   miracle of vistula was the term used by pilsudzki 's opposition to discredit his contribution to the win . 
  it was n't a miracle and it was n't `` barely '' . 
  his military genius and tactics was what won the battle of warsaw and stopped huge soviet invasion . 
  the invasion in itself was n't by any means his fault , it was imperialistic drive of soviet russia , to conquer and `` liberate '' all the nations and establish communist rule . 
  saying that he was `` barely saved by miracle of vistula '' is just so wrong in so many levels ... military genius of pi\u0142sudski in case of vistula miracle consisted of letting http://pl.wikipedia.org/wiki/tadeusz_rozwadowski#rozkaz_operacyjny_specjalny_nr_10_000 to save him from consequences of his adventuring in kiev . 
   back in his time cavarly and infantry was the best possible military , given lack of good design and production capability of vehical unit already in late 20s poles used blitzkrieg-like tactics on small scale with armored vehicles . 
  we had many programmes to invest in modern weapons , airplanes etc in early 30s , but pi\u0142sudski believed in cavalry and only after his death the modernization started on big scale . 
  a few years too late . 
  read more : http://nowahistoria.interia.pl/ii-rzeczpospolita/news-wojne-blyskawiczna-wymyslili-polacy,nid,1061696  while pilsudzki lived , hitler would n't have attacked poland . 
  even he understood his military genius . 
  it 's only after his death that hostilities truly began . 
  more like he was admiring pi\u0142sudski for being `` a strong leader '' . 
  hitler was n't particulary rational person , i would n't read too much in his opinion of people . 
  hitler also admired mussolini , and we all know how useless that guy was . 
  imho pi\u0142sudski was best in international relations . 
  him outplaying germany , tzar russia , austria , and bolsheviks in 1918 was a work of genious - i agree . 
  but his military capabilities was n't that great tbh . 
  he only invaded smaller countries , and when he started a war with ussr - he lost a lot , to be saved by combined : genious of rozwadowski , destroyed communication in russian army , cracked codes of russians . 
  and then he sold belarus and ukraine to ussr . 
  also he refused to support white russians against bolsheviks . 
  made sense at the time , but to think that ussr could have been avoided , if not for pi\u0142sudski ...  real nowadays economic growth since communist ocupation till now is n't better than economic growth since liberation of 1918 to the end of pilsudzki 's rule . 
  please . 
  gdp per capita in : - 1922 - 1382 ( usd 2000 ) - 1939 - 2200 ( usd 2000 ) - 1989 - 6848 ( usd 2000 imf ) - 2015 - 26210 ( usd 2000 , imf estimate ) gdp growth was average 5.24 % in 1920 -- 29 and 0.34 % in 1929 -- 38 . 
  it was agrarian economy with some heavily nationalized industry , and huge militarization . 
  ca n't compare to modern poland . 
   poland right now is in economical and more importantly political crisis , while in 2nd republic poland has strong rule and economy was actually rising steadily . 
  last 20 years ae certainly not the best years in polish history if you really know what is going on in the country and not just listen to propaganda . 
  you do n't believe statistics , so i ca n't show you i 'm right . 
  i 'm just hoping you will realize some day , that it 's just you listening to negative propaganda , and we 're actually doing ok . 
  i mean - what 's easier to do - show that everything is good when it 's bad , or do the opposite ? 
  no amount of propaganda in late prl could persuade people everything is ok . no amount of propaganda could persuade people everyrthing is ok , if it was true what some `` independent '' press publish . 
  btw i 'm not supporting po there - they only rule for 8 years . 
  we 're doing ok since 1989 . 
  this is one of the key factors in the last 25 years of poland - consistent reforms despite changing governments . 
  yes some details are changed ( po did cash-grab from private insurance for example - a huge mistake ) , but overall direction is stable . 
  and without a dictator . 
  scotland and france had this http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/auld_alliance, 
   2nd commonwealth was a much better country than poland is now . 
  they did some questionable stuff , but much less than many other countries . 
  we need someone as pilsudzki right now to repair this country . 
  first it was n't commonwealth , it was republic . 
  commonwealth is translation of rzeczpospolita obojga narod\u00f3w , just rzeczpospolita ( 2nd , 3rd ) are translated as republic . 
  do n't ask me why . 
  pi\u0142sudski was smart and modern poland exists in part because of him . 
  and he was certainly a lot smarter than his oposition ( dmowski was just idiot , i never understood why we count him among such people as pi\u0142sudski and paderewski ) . 
  but pi\u0142sudski also did a regular military coup , kept political oposition in prison , fucked up with kiev expedition and was barely saved by miracle of vistula , was a supporter of old-style army ( cavalry , light infantry , a lot of cavalry manouvers ) vs modern mechanized army , which slowed some polish army modernization programmes by a few years . 
  but his worst disadventage was bad choice of helpers . 
  sanacja was awful , especially after pi\u0142sudski died . 
  they were incompetent , often just stupid , and basicaly threw poland and lives of 6 000 000 people into fire . 
  did you knew that `` kariera nikodema dyzmy '' was a book about sanacja government originally ? 
  written before their worst fuck-up ( ww2 ) . 
  `` jeez , we 're between fucking ussr and fucking 3rd reich - i know , let 's ally with people that are far away and did fuck all when we or others invaded each other few years ago '' . 
  we could did what scandinavian countries did , or hungary or romania . 
  ally with hitler . 
  or even ally with ussr .
