  the strategy is simply to cooperate on the first iteration of the game ; after that , the player does what his or her opponent did on the previous move . 
  depending on the situation , a slightly better strategy can be `` tit for tat with forgiveness . '', 
  when the opponent defects , on the next move , the player sometimes cooperates anyway , with a small probability ( around 1 -- 5 % ) . 
  this allows for occasional recovery from getting trapped in a cycle of defections . 
  the exact probability depends on the line-up of opponents . 
  i can see your cards from here , but i assure you i wo n't use that knowledge . 
  shall we play for money ? 
  but jails are expansive . 
  gulags are more sustainable . 
  some people do that . 
  i 've seen people sell `` household chemistry from germany '' from their car every other weekend . 
  and i live in eastern poland , 500 km from the german border . 
  strange that it would be cheaper in germany ... 
  brillant . 
  and put in jail people who do n't pay . 
  unemployement = 0 % . 
  not the only ones , but certainly the most badass muslims there are in poland . 
  u\u0142ani were named after one polish tartar colonel . 
  if you choose the lesser evil and succeed you do n't get to criticize the government later . 
  it 's your fault after all . 
  so people prefer to not choose , to have right to complain  it 's like this experiment with a train going to crash and kill 5 passangers , that can be blocked by pushing one person on the rails . 
  if the person is on the rails and you can choose to save that 1 person ( but cause the 5 to die , or do nothing - people will do nothing ) . 
  if the person stands beside the rails and you can push him ( to save 1 person but kill him ) , or do nothign and let 5 people die - people will also do nothing , even if it 's equivalent problem from the strictly rationalist pov . 
  people have inaction bias . 
  things that decide which car you buy in poland : * price * size * how much it burns per 100 km ( bonus points if it uses gas instead of gasoline ) * how expansive parts are * how old it is * how often this model breaks * color * is it pretty bonus points if the car you bought was more expansive when it was new than the car of neighbor ( no matter that you bough it when it was 15 y.o. ), 
  so you say they should just change their law to be 100 % bible-compatible , 
  well , with different assumptions we 're not going to have any useful disscussion . 
  so i 'll only address that point about russia being free . 
  the fact that russian state is obviously non-free ( faked elections for just one reason ) , and the fact that russia would do what usa is doing if it only could , and would treat its snowden with polonium - that does n't make other countries free regardless of what they do . 
  being the good side is not priviledge given once and retained forever , and it does n't make you right in any future case by default . 
  also geopolitic is not the epic battle between the good and the evil that is portraited in hollywood movies . 
  it sounds funny when the free world is the one that breaks its constitution and reads letters of ordinary citizens . 
  hero ! = patriot . 
  why ? 
  hero . 
  wykop has downvotes too . 
  and it 's not exactly like digg right now , there was big shift to new functionality - most users spent more time on the microblog , observing tags etc than voting articles etc like on digg . 
  regarding all the hate - yeah it 's bad , but it 's like with reddit - you ignore stupid reddits and subscrbe to the good ones . 
  on wykop you observe the tags that interest you and do n't even see the rest of the content . 
  same in poland . 
  it seems as long as they can have their guns they do n't need actual freedom . 
  games , programming manuals , a little from the school , then internet and reading books in english . 
  that 's why my pronunciation is awful - almost always i was just reading/writing . 
  pierogi z jagodami ( pierogi with european blueberries - this plant http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/vaccinium_myrtillus ) . 
  looks like this : http://zacisznaknajpka.blox.pl/resource/pierozki_z_jagodamsi.jpg http://ugotujmnie.blox.pl/resource/pierog1.jpg recipe : - flour 0.75 kg , - hot water , - salt , - egg , - 3 spoons of oil , - blueberries ( best freshly gathered in forest ) , - sugar ( as much to cover the berries completly ) , - cream ( or yoghurt ) . 
  pour 0.5 spoon of salt and 3 spoons of oil into the flour , then put the hot water into it . 
  mix with spoon or something ( to not burn your hands ) . 
  when it 's lukewarm - work the dough with hands . 
  form circular pieces of dough ( some use glass to cut the dough , some prefer bigger circles ) , put some berries with sugar into each and close them to form the pier\u00f3g shape . 
  carefully close the edge . 
  throw the pierogi into the boiling water ( not too big fire , just enough to keep the water boiling , otherwise the pierogi will break ) . 
  boil for + - 5 minutes after the pierogi float on the surface . 
  serve with sour cream or sugar . 
  why , it 's funny . 
  that 's wrong . 
  you need to consider alternative costs too . 
  babies that would be born if not for condoms would require feeding and education as well . 
  both reduce population , when you think about it , so what 's the difference ? 
  til countries and geographic regions have spiritualities . 
  poland : http://tablica.pl/ ( mostly for used things , the site does n't charge seller nor buyer anything ) , http://allegro.pl/ ( works like ebay ), 
  better than illusion of security and welfare . 
  every time there 's economic ranking estonia is higher than poland , and media are crying that we should be like them . 
  wow , and i was thinking the advertisement in polish national tv that said `` family is great , make more kids '' was awkward . 
  in poland there was significant good side to cc during communism , and i say that as non-believer . 
  most priests were genuinely helpful to people , usually had n't made a difference between catholics and others . 
  the only independend university in poland was catholic university of lublin , and only there you could learn real ( non-communist ) economy . 
  church organized charity for people persecuted by government , etc. 
  you know - common enemy do that to people - everybody are great and helping each other . 
  solidarity was also in big part catholic movement , even in there were jewish , protestant and atheist members high in the structures . 
  i actually thought church could be reformed thanks to that - nobody bothered with stupid shit like premaritial sex or anticonception , it was all about being honest and not selling others . 
  also being a priest was n't as easy career like it is now , people that wanted to have easy life without working were better off signing up to the party . 
  the the communism ended , and church become one of the biggest players in the struggle for power . 
  all the worst scum surfaced . 
  priests started driving mercedeses even in the pooorest villages . 
  state did shaddy deals with church ( selling land cheaply most often ) . 
  now it 's already more reasonable , and most young people are n't fundamentalists , but as long as the big part of older population is - the church will have influence in poland . 
  i say give us 20 years and it will change by itself - church will have to adapt to becoming minority . 
  yep , i live here , and while more people know russian and ukrainian than in central or western poland , everybody knows and speaks polish , other languages are secondary . 
  even more people there speaks english than russian , and it 's not shown on the map . 
  krum is great , sounds like name of some ork or barbarian in fantasy book , 
  i thought `` mir '' means `` peace/law '' . 
  polish ( maybe some other slavic nations have them too ) : - male : bronis\u0142aw , w\u0142adys\u0142aw , wojciech , zbigniew , stanis\u0142aw , kazimierz , bartosz , \u015awiatomir ( very unusual , but i do know one \u015awiatomir ) - female : somehow i ca n't find anything except female versions of some male names , most female names are universal ( taken from greek or latin ) nice thing about slavic names is they have meaning . 
  `` x-s\u0142aw '' means `` famous because of x '' , so `` bronis\u0142aw '' is `` famous for defending ( or weapons ) '' , `` stanis\u0142aw '' is famous for standing ( keeping his ground ? 
  ) , `` w\u0142adys\u0142aw '' is famous for ruling . 
  wojciech is `` happy warrior '' , zbigniew is `` hit hate '' or sth like that , and '' \u015awiatomir '' is `` peace for world '' . 
  `` kazimierz '' is sth with measuring , or sth with peace ( kazi-mir ? 
  would mean `` breaking peace '' ) . 
  oh , and i forgot about obvious ones - lech and leszek . 
  oh , sorry , somehow i was sure he was romanian . 
  also should have thought of ceausescu , but too late now . 
  and it turned out paulo coelho is brazilian . 
  i hope dead people are ok too ? 
  russia : vlodimir vysocki , arkadi and borys strugacki , gari kasparov czech republic : jan ( was it jan ? ), 
  hus , vaclav havel , jaromir nohavica belarus : \u0141ukaszenko , gienek ( henad\u017ci or sth like that ) loska , ... slovakia : sorry neighbors , no idea ukraine : bohdan chmielnicki , taras szewczenko , semen petlura lithuania : duke witold , w\u0142adys\u0142aw jagie\u0142\u0142o , j\u00f3zef pi\u0142sudski ( yeah , i know , cheap way out ) germany : angela merkel , goebels , von braun hungary : stefan batory , viktor orban , erdos ( ca n't remember his first name , i mean that mathemathician ) ireland : james joyce , bono , duns scott austria : hitler , franz ferdinand , josif fritzl england : j.r.r.tolkien , terry pratchet , j.k. rowling france : pierre curie , jules verne , nicolaus bourbaki  romania : kaspersky , ... italy : berlusconi , benito mussolini , dante aligieri portugal : luis figo , nuno gomes , paulo coelho, 
  actually , according to this graph all of romania water is either excellent or ok quality . 
  it 's just sorted by percentage of the excellent quality water . 
  lublin , poland - it 's university city ( 350 000 citizens , 100 000 students each year ) . 
  most courses are in polish , but there 's no law for that as far as i know . 
  there are a few english courses in each university , medical university have the most of them , and they are quite popular ( especially among people from norway and vietnam for some reason ) . 
  most poles choose courses in polish , and the english ones are mainly targetted at foreigners as additional source of income .
