  as to why romania have n't participated - politics . 
  probably caucesku had no interest in particiption , and polish government did . 
  but the government had no popular support , people tried to overthrow it , and could n't do it . 
  so why blame the people ? 
  ps actually there was 1 action of communists in poland did that had popular support , and it 's shameful - to appease the general population and create external enemy in 1968 regime expeled lots of jews . 
  also israel had support of usa and soviets supported arabs at the time , so it was political as well , but you can blame `` us '' for that . 
  if the population was n't at least slightly antisemitist - communists would n't do such big deal of that . 
  it did n't helped that the jews were overrepresented in the repression apparate between 1944 and 1968 ( they were more communist to begin with and often had no choice because most lost their families/homes/support networks , so they depended on the state - which later betrayed them of course ) . 
  if you played witcher - it 's what nilfgaard and scoiatael vs northern kingdoms is based on . 
  yes of course . 
  they feared they will lose power . 
  same reason they did martial law later . 
  but like 90 % of population was against participating in that invasion , the communist government falsified all elections they ever won , there was big resistance movement in poland against communist government that were only defeated in sixties , and there were mass protests ( stopped with government violence ) against that government in 56 , 68 , 70 , and 80 . 
  and then the government could n't handle them the usual way ( send police ) , so they had to do martial law in 1981 . 
  population of poland was hardly in a position to stop the 1968 invasion , and the government was controlled by ussr , so it 's strange to blame poles for that particular invasion . 
  we did enough of them on our own ( see taking of wilno ) . 
  the ethnicity of a leader does n't matter . 
  hitler was austrian . 
  katherine the great was german , pi\u0142sudski was lithuanian . 
  does that mean that in your opinion tzar russia was ' t russian , 3rd reich was n't german , and 2nd polish republic was n't polish ? 
  ussr obviously used russian identity as a glue making it work . 
  and they did treated russians preferentially ( see hlodomor ) , and did mass forced migrations `` diluting '' useful non-russian lands with settlers from russia ( see eastern ukraine for one example , but also baltic states ) , while moving big numbers of non-russians to less useful land and distributing them so they wo n't be majority . 
  when the times got hard ( hitler betrayed stalin ) - they used russian patriotism as the main propaganda tool . 
  to be precise - i do n't blame modern russians for ussr crimes . 
  just like i do n't blame modern germans for crimes of 3rd reich . 
  but i do blame these of them , that would like these empires to be recreated . 
  and there 's lots of russians that think the only problem with ussr was the economy . 
   it was one of the biggest , most certainly . 
  it cased extreme amount of misery for almost all of its citizenry , regardless of ssr they resided in . 
  why should we take pov of ussr citizens , and not of ussr sattelite states ? 
  i know that dissolution of agressive empire is hard for its citizens , but fuck them , that does n't make it a bad thing . 
  if you think internet and computers are useless i challange you to imagine they were disabled in whole russia for a month  you may not be aware , but these things work as efficiency booster . 
  everything else in the economy depends on them . 
  you ca n't communicate as fast and convenient - suddenly your logistics is much less efficient , which means much more fast rotating goods ( like food ) is wasted , which means everything is much more expansive . 
  people are less efficient at their jobs - which means everybody earn less ( or the salaries stay the same , but the amount of goods you can buy decreases - end effect is the same ) . 
  if you just want to be happy you can go back to hunter-gatherer lifestyle for all i care . 
  but i somehow doubt you will , because then 99 % of population would have to starve to death . 
   in every country there ia multitude of people who dont know it no , 
  it 's not . 
  unfortunately . 
  in poland you 're lewak ( leftist ) if you express opinions that would make you a conservative liberal in the west . 
  i 'm patriot and i never considered leaving poland permanently , but i despise the amount of demagogy and nationalist hysteria that is all over media last few years . 
  it 's sickening . 
  and the worst thing is - like 30 % of my friends and family buy this shit . 
  if there 's no war it 's a very good position . 
  proximity of germany is already making us lots of money , and when the situation in ukraine stabilizes ( provided it 's not turned into belarus or sth like that ) - there will be another huge chance . 
   the stock of polish citizens staying abroad for longer than three months reached a peak of almost 2.3 million ( 6.6 % of the total population ) in 2007 before declining slightly to around 2.0 million in 2010 , a remarkable increase from just 786,000 in 2002 ( based on polish statistical office data ) [ 3 ] . 
  these temporary migrants headed primarily for other eu countries ( 1.6 million were in the eu27 in 2010 ) . 
  these numbers are consistent with those of other researchers , who report that around 1.5 million poles resided in the eu15 in 2009 it 's more like 1.5 million now , and there 's around 700 000 long-term immigrants from ukraine since 2014 . 
  it 's ok . 
  unless pis does sth really dumb ( which is always a possibility ) . 
  realism just means you plan for longer , not lower your goals . 
  i do n't see why ireland could overtake uk , and poland ca n't overtake germany . 
  who made the device you wrote this on ? 
  what about the operating system , web browser ? 
  the servers this website runs on and the software there ? 
  the infrastructure powering all of that ? 
  or the website itself ? 
  where 're the russian equivalents ? 
  it 's utterly ridiculus to think countries can be self-sufficient in modern age . 
  what you 're doing instead is economic self-harm . 
  suit yourself i guess . 
  so it 's not ** exactly ** the same . 
  well there are housing districts similarly named and they are targeted at poles . 
  unfortunately skyscrappers are only pretty from far away : /, 
  it 's not , it has some polish elements ( atticas from polish reneisance style for example ) . 
  and imho it has better proportions than the romanian or moscow examples . 
  see how bulky they look compared to pkin . 
  pkin has that nice `` exponential curve '' shilouette . 
  the building itself is ok , but the surroundings are too monumental . 
  it 's a huge hole in the city and without real purpose . 
  also it should be cleaned up . 
  it was supposed to be white not dark gray . 
  it 's all in the center . 
  but yes it 's spread out too much , because of all these 3-lane roads and viaducts and parkings . 
  nah , it 's targeted at poles impressed by `` cosmopolitan-sounding names '' . 
  i 'm resigned to `` x tower '' and `` y spire '' at this point . 
  but what really grinds my gears is polish names with english syntax . 
  in polish adjectives go after the noun for fucks sake . 
  i hate warsaw urban planning ( i live in lublin permanently and in warsaw for a months or a few months each year , and i prefer lublin - mostly because how far it is to get anywhere on foot in warsaw ) . 
  in both cities i walk to work for 20-30 minutes , but in lublin i pass near a big mall , open air market , electronic store , city administration , a few groceries and convenience stores , post office , and drug store . 
  in warsaw i pass through a nice park and like a dozen 3-lane streets and huge parking lots . 
  and one very small very expansive shop . 
  sometimes it feels like noone lives there . 
  but neither city is dirty , and the crime is completely independent matter as well and in warsaw it 's actually pretty ok in that respect . 
  also you can blame warsaw for anything but monotonicity . 
  it actually has completely opposite problem - everything ( socreal , commie blocks , skyscrappers , real and rebuild old tenament houses ) is mixed without any planning . 
  in many countries capital is n't the best historic skyline . 
  see berlin or warsaw . 
  but agreed - talin is awesome . 
   the whole difference between the russian and the european approach is that in europe you have legal frameworks and standards . 
  sorry but that 's unfortunately not true . 
  these standards are kept when nobody particulary cares . 
  when big countries care one way , and small countries the other way - standards are ignored . 
  particulary when these big countries are germany or france . 
  see how state support for big companies is bad when it 's poland supporting gda\u0144sk or szczecin shipyards , but ok when it 's france or germany supporting their banks or carmakers . 
  not that i 'm unhappy with how shipyard situation worked out ( huge inefficient shipyards turned into many healthy companies doing lots of stuff ) . 
  i 'm just sad german and french companies are treated preferentially . 
  another example - polish tractor maker ursus had problems selling their ( eu certified ) c-380 tractors to germany and france - despite the law stating that the certificates work all over eu - many france and german regions blocked the sales for years and required more and more documents . 
  unfortunately theory and practice is n't the same .
