  that 's how hitler took power . 
  that 's how putin took power . 
  that 's how democracy ends - with people saying `` fuck it '' . 
  now for real arguments - pis took over persecutor 's office under a pretense that it will make it better . 
  did it ? 
  so far the main difference is - persecution canceled many investigations involving pis members and associates ( bierecki , kami\u0144ski , tvp , wsieci ) . 
  pis took over constutitional tribunal under the same pretense . 
  constutitional tribunal worked 13days this year , and they process less acts than they did before . 
  on the other hand przy\u0142\u0119bska already said in media they see no problem with the vetoed laws that even duda said were unconstutitional . 
  now kaczy\u0144ski says he will `` demonopolize '' private media . 
  in practice he will make it compulsory to sell them if one company owns too many . 
  no private company in poland will have the funds or the will to buy them ( because pis is going to make the live for them awful ) , so national companies ( banks most probably ) will buy them . 
  voila - pis has all the media in poland . 
  great !, 
  more propaganda like in tvp !, 
  pis is using police and secret services to investigate opposition . 
  police admited the recordings were true ( excuse was - it was to protect the investigated people ) . 
  you have no problems with that , i assume ? 
  it 's all ok ? 
  this is fucking absurd . 
  if any of this happened before , and pis was n't the one doing it - everybody would be outraged . 
  but it happens when everybody is fed up with po , so people let pis get away with that . 
  the end result is - we 'll wake up in belarus . 
  pis owned newspapers and websites ( wpolityce , do rzeczy , niezale\u017cna , wsieci ) and media of their ally - rydzyk ( radio maryja , tv trwam , gazeta polska ) - spread anti-eu propaganda all the time . 
  so it does n't mean much that pis is pretending it 's not against eu . 
  they are not against eu in principle , but they are still going to lead poland to polexit if eu is making their version of poland hard to do . 
  and i 'm not overstating it . 
  that 's where the current situation leads : - eu puts sanctions on poland - pis continues anti-eu propaganda , calls everybody supporting eu over pis - traitors - there 's economic crisis in poland - depending who persuades who - either poles vote pis out ( if it 's even still possible when pis has courts and media ) , or poland exits eu and becomes the next belarus, 
   imho you are living in a world build on some kind of conspiracy theories . 
  police admited recordings are true . 
  you can listen to them by yourself . 
  kaczy\u0144ski himself said he will take media next . 
  which part is `` conspiracy theory '' ? 
   such as when police constantly made provocations during demonstrations that were not supported by goverment ? 
  such as when nobody provided any proofs of that and nobody sued anybody for that , even though pis is ruling for 2 years already  it was a typical pre-election bullshit . 
  and that 's why they have n't followed the very unpopular guy - kijowski , who is n't a threat to pis because of his bad reputation , even though the crowd was shouting at him a few times . 
  if anybody was threatened in that demonstration it 's kijowski who betrayed kod and took money from them . 
  police even asked if they should follow kijowski and `` 802 '' ( whoever that is ) said to ignore him . 
  not a threat to pis anymore , i guess . 
  on the other hand they followed politicians and organizers of the demonstrations , and members of ngos , even outside the place where demonstrations took place . 
  even looking what they do in a restaurant and a book store and who they speak to . 
  completely normal `` protection '' . 
  https://youtu.be/k1f7n4qocsm?t=725 notice how most of the time you do n't hear shouting of the crowds in the background . 
  that 's because it 's not taking place in the demonstration . 
  just stop embarrassing yourself by repeating the government propaganda . 
  that recording is exactly what happens in police state . 
  that 's the definition of police state . 
  if it happened 5 years ago there would be outrage . 
  now it 's just another day , because of constant normalization of outrageous practices . 
  and it happens just few days after government tried to take over the courts , and announced they are going for media next . 
  how naive can you be ? 
  what would need to happen for you to admit pis is going too far ? 
  btw when police gives you protection they warn you about it , so you wo n't be scared and do sth stupid when ( if ) you notice people following you . 
  they forgot somehow . 
   after vetoing the proposal of changes act on supreme court by our president - it will not be possible http://www.wiesci24.pl/2017/07/27/oto-oblicze-kolesiostwa-przylebska-chronic-kolegow-pis-sadem/ they still try . 
  somehow they only did this after duda vetoed the law allowing them to control supreme court . 
  and they are going to do the judging one day before supreme court judges kami\u0144ski . 
  an accident i 'm sure . .  i 'm asking about long-term solution - is n't it the same as used in other eu countries ? 
  even if it 's similar in some countries - you ca n't just look at one part of the system . 
  for example - in poland supreme court decides if elections were fair . 
  allowing politicians to swap the judges at any time is just an invitation for fraud . 
  but there 's a lot of differences , including who is appointing judges vs who is choosing the initial candidates , how the commision choosing the judges is constructed , and what the customary practices are . 
  i would prefer if we do n't rely on good practices in poland , because we have politicians break all `` good practices '' in last few years ( not only these from pis ) . 
   is n't pis goal to have similar solution like used in germany or netherland ? 
  their goal is to save kami\u0144ski from jail ( see how now przy\u0142\u0119bska announced they are going to rule on competence conflict against supreme court one day before supreme court will judge his abuse of wiretaping ) , and to jail whoever they please ( mostly opposition ) . 
  the problem is - they want a law that lets them control all courts . 
  that 's against the constitution . 
  they ca n't change the constitution . 
  hard to make it work , 
  there 's like 5 different ones that do this . 
  all owned by pis . 
  hipocrysy is kaczy\u0144ski 's middle name . 
  they were complaining to eu for most of the second po term . 
  now that opposition does the same they are calling them traitors . 
  there is already a precedent . 
  we housed over 100 000 muslim migrants from chechenia . 
  hardly any more `` terror-friendly '' muslim country . 
  not 1 terrorist attack in poland happened because of that . 
   was theirs fault that poland lost ww2 ? 
  it was their fault that poland fought against germany and ussr . 
  by the way see kaczy\u0144ski policy to antagonize both russia and germany , because we have usa as an ally . 
  see any similarities ? 
  and it 's sanacja fault that we were `` the first to fight '' . 
  it 's so stupid thing to be proud of , btw . 
  you should try to be the last to fight , not the first . 
  and if you ca n't be the last to enter , at least change the side just before victory , then people need to `` pay '' you a lot in exchange . 
  pi\u0142sudski understood this in ww1 , but he have choosen people to rule after him , who had no idea . 
  and made them a system where they did n't have to answer before voters . 
  we should have allied with ussr or germany . 
  or czechoslovakia before hitler took it over , but that was n't very probable . 
  btw i know if 's not going to persuade you but i tried a few variants in hoi4 , and it 's actually quite possible to defend for half a year against germany . 
  it 's even possible to win , but that 's unrealistic , but defending for months was certainly possible . 
  and that would make the whole history very different . 
  poland had 950 000 soldiers in 1939 . 
  and many of them had : a gun , 3 cartridges to shoot , and contradicting orders . 
  that 's fault of pi\u0142sudski and his followers . 
  well , pi\u0142sudski got the power legally to do what he wanted in 1918 , including designing stable system , but he fucked up . 
  unstable government is not an excuse , especially that he later messed up with elections . 
  it 's a good read , and a thing usually skipped over in polish schools https://pl.wikipedia.org/wiki/wybory_parlamentarne_w_ii_rp but the worst thing is - pi\u0142sudski 's policies ( and especially the policies of his followers after he died ) costed poland independence , 1/6th of population , and 50 years of communist occupation . 
  and he took the responsibility by doing the coup .
