  i was protesting acta on streets , with tousands of other poles . 
  they were n't bought by usa nor russia . 
  it does n't matter who wanted to stop acta - it was bad agreement , i 'm glad we refused to sign it . 
  it 's usually authoritarian countries that make its citizens see everything as zero-sum game . 
  if you 're not with us you 're enemy . 
  reality is n't that simple . 
  in really democratic countries people have right to protest and to change country politics . 
  our government wanted to sign acta treaty with usa , already signed part of it . 
  we were protesting and they backed up . 
  our government ( mostly local administration , but not only ) wanted to do winter olympics in krak\u00f3w . 
  people did n't . 
  krakovians did referendum and government canceled the deal . 
  so yeah - if the information checks up it does n't matter who posts it . 
  see also the katy\u0144 ethnic cleansing . 
  nazis informed world about it . 
  soviets were denying it until 1991 . 
  yet it was true . 
  no matter who says it - it matters if it 's true or not . 
  i remember when anonymous started anti-acta movement in poland . 
  i remember anonymous was protesting sopa . 
  i remember anonymous protesting nsa and supporting snowden . 
  all of these were anti-usa ( or at least anti-usa-government , it was good for regular americans ) . 
  of course these probably were n't the same people , anybody can be anonymous , but still - i belive them more than media sponsored by governments . 
  they post sources . 
  it could be easily scripted and then sky 's the limit . 
  same video was on twitch in pauses between sc2 matches . 
  i have to tell putin is keeping in touch with modern technology . 
  today i watched english twitch stream of starcraft2 tournament . 
  there were a few people constantly posting about evil usa propaganda , and that ukraine should be russia and putin is great president . 
  they have n't argued with people that posted countrarguments , just repeated the same few lines for 3 hours . 
  also mong the ads on twitch there was putin crimea speech . 
  iiuc that means russian taxpayers support starcraft2 scene , so it 's ok with me , 
  is n't anglicanism also protestantism ? 
  it 's hard to distinguish all the heretics  and usa is mostly protestant and not catholic ( at least if we does n't count `` illegal aliens '' ) . 
  that was the distinction in middle ages . 
  then there was protestant west , catholic centum , and orthodox east . 
  now west is mostly protestant or atheist . 
  anyway names does n't matter . 
  funny how well that capitalist propaganda worked in eighties in communist poland . 
  you 'd think communists with censorship , secret service , milita and army had all the arguments to persuade its own people that they have it better , and yet they failed , and scary capitalist propaganda won . 
  maybe it 's because everybody knew the iron curtain was build by communists to keep people here , and not to keep people from capitalist countries out . 
  easy to know which side is the free world just by that one detail . 
  poland is better because russians use abortion instead of contraceptives if i understand the statistic correctly  the romanian salaries did surprised me , though . 
  worse than ukrainian . . not the mental image of romania that i have . 
  i wonder if these are adjusted for purchasing power , but even if not it 's still surprising . 
  russia is n't totalitarian yet . 
  more like authoritharian . 
  as i see it - kievan rus neighbor - muscovy - conquered what remained of kievan rus after mongols and changed its name . 
  by the same logic poland could change its name to prussia because we own mazury now . 
  work is for nuke-less and oil-less countries . 
   moscow 's standards of living are way higher than in any place in poland . 
  who are you comparing ? 
  the 10 000 richest people in moscow vs 10 000 richest people in warsaw ? 
  then i agree . 
  poland effectively does n't . 
  but these are small percentage of moscow . 
  you might as well argue ukrainians live better than norwegians , cause yanukovych had golden toilet and galeon in hist own lake . 
  now compare the rest of moscow citizens vs the rest of warsaw citizens . 
  i assure you the result will be quite different . 
  and then there 's the whole russia outside moscow . 
  129\u00a0000\u00a0000 people live there , and most of them live worse than people in remote villages in romania or poland . 
  mostly thanks to eu , but still . 
  for example nobody does krokodil in poland . 
  aids is marginal . 
  so is abortion [ 1 ] . 
  average life expectancy for men is + - 5 years higher . 
  etc , etc. 
  this is not compatible with the thesis that russians have it better or similar . 
  [ 1 ] that is also a cultural thing , and law in poland is very strict regarding abortion , but still - 50 % of pregnancies are aborted in russia according to this : http://www.johnstonsarchive.net/policy/abortion/mapeuropeabrate.html wtf russia ? 
  because eu is a totalitarian country killing millions of its citizens , maintaining puppet governments in a dozen neighbors and invading other countries from time to time . 
  the first obviously . 
  romania is n't a bad place to live . 
  much better than ukraine or russia . 
  eu gets economic partner with big underdeveloped market , population , quite good aerospace and military industry , some resources , and a lot of potential to grow ( i mean - there 's no reason except corruption for ukraine to be on different economical development level than poland or lithuania ) . 
  that means once they deal with corruption ukraine will be 50\u00a0000\u00a0000 country growing like 5 % per year for a few decades . 
  they have no other choice , really - they have many unfulfilled needs and a lot of people looking for work , and eu has capital . 
  money is a lot like water - it flows to fill the holes . 
  anti-russians in ukraine are n't separatists , 
  `` the nazis of future will be anti-nazi '', 
   britain and france were not in a fit state to fight a war against germany , a heavily militarized nation . 
  the two states had just started recovering from a massive economic crisis and the strength disparity in military capabilities between the french + british and the germans was huge , especially as we got closer to the outbreak of war and this is a consequence of not having hawkish politicians in 30s . 
  germany had as harsh crisis as any and was demilitarized after ww1 . 
   in fact , the outbreak of war is what started the holocaust , due to the influx of jews from the polish territory that was annexed . 
  but that 's aside the main point . 
  could you elaborate ? 
  kristal nacht was before ww2 , there were concentration camps in germany before ww2 , and intuitively escaping from poland to germany during or just before ww2 seems stupid . 
  people knew what happens to jews in germany ( even if they did n't knew about death camps ) . 
  if we had warhawks in 1930s in great brittain or france there would be no holocaust and no ww2 . 
  is that what you mean ? 
  polish-lithuanian commonwealth reinstitution plan is coming along nicely , i see . 
  i wonder if he remembers the kings were elected . 
  russia has several tousands tanks . 
  mostly old and maybe only one in three even works after all these years , but still . 
  so no , in poland tanks are n't useless . 
  on island probably . 
  in the http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/north_european_plain tanks are just great . 
  5 years ago iirc . 
  edit : wrong , it was in 2002-2003, 
  nope . 
  maybe this subreddit is socially progressive , but i know many very popular sites which the exact opposite bias ( like wykop.pl ) .
