  person a : if a shape has right angle it means it 's a square person b : there are many shapes that have right angles , but are n't a square , see right triangle , right trapezoid , pentagon with right angle , etc person c : these are different from a square therefore you can not compare them, 
  for starters tk should have 15 judges , yet they elected more . 
  it 's in art . 
  194 if you want to check . 
  which of these law sources has priority ? 
   most of you probably did n't even know that tk existed before this whole affair was blown out of proportion by foreign-owned media . 
  these pesky foreign owned media educating people about polish judiciary system !, 
  they are the worst !, 
  \u0141ukaszenko won elections ( legaly ) - nation decided to vote for him . 
  then he changed the law so that he will be the ruler forever . 
  that 's how democracy die . 
  that 's why i think it 's relevant . 
  pis do n't have 2/3 majority that would allow them to change the constitution . 
  but they changed the law around the institution that prevents governments from breaking constitution , so that it ca n't do anything . 
  so - constitution does n't matter anymore . 
  not worth the paper it 's printed on . 
  that 's why i 'm upset . 
  i have n't even voted po . 
  i was n't strongly against pis before they started to fuck my country up . 
  i never voted them , i criticized them many times ( but i was also criticizing po and other parties , mostly sld ) . 
  but that 's another level . 
  from this point on i have to trust people that broke law in their first month of ruling , that they wo n't break it anymore . 
  tk also said the previous novelization by po was partialy unconstitutional , and 2 out of 5 judges were choosen basing on that unconstutitional parts , so they are n't judges of tk , and ca n't work . 
  there were like 20 different opinions of various groups of lawyers from most of polish universities , all of them arguing that pis should just choose 2 new judges , and be done with it . 
  many pis supporters argued for the same ( including very vocal ones , like jadwiga staniszkis ) . 
  google around . 
  legaly choosen government breaks a law , and practicaly disables the one institution that has according to constitution the right to prevent the government from breaking the constitution - do n't you think it 's a real problem ? 
  \u0141ukaszenko and putin had majority of votes too , and at least at first it was legit . 
  that 's how authoritharian regimes start very often - with a democracy that have n't defended its institutions against the people it elected . 
  if legaly elected government changed law from `` elections every 4 years '' to `` elections every 20 years '' would you think it 's a problem ? 
  technicaly they just are n't judges of tk , because they were elected against the law ( in case of 2 po judges they were elected in accordance with law that was later decied to be unconstitutional , in case of 5 pis judges they were elected with no basis in law ) . 
  if some random folks from some pub announced `` judges '' for tk they would have exactly the same legitimacy that these 7 judges . 
  and yes , tribunal decides if law act is unconstitutional , and has the power to decide that particular law is not binding . 
  it happened many times in last 25 years . 
  with the new law it has to be 2/3 with at least 13 judges present ( out of 15 ) . 
  if everything was perfectly fine with tk , but 3 judges are sick - the tribunal does n't work until at least 1 of them is back . 
  also they ca n't efficiently work on 2 or 3 cases in parallel , because each case requires 13 judges instead of just 5 . 
  but that 's not the worst thing . 
  everything is n't perfect with tk right now . 
  there is only 10 legal , and sworn judges , and only these can actually do their work . 
  then there are 3 legal judges choosen by po , but not sworn by president . 
  there 's also another 2 illegal un-sworn judges choosen by po . 
  and 5 illegal judges choosen by pis and sworn by president ( but they were choosen illegaly , so they ca n't work either ) . 
  in total , there 's only 10 judges that can actually do their work according to law , yet the new law requires 13 . 
  the new law basicaly disables the whole institution . 
  same as hungary , russia , and north korea . 
  after all - if they criticize you - it means you are right . 
  we export lots of bananas for sure , so it must cause big loses for us . 
  pis wanted eu to oversee elections in poland few years ago , they argued po falsified local elections . 
  it was ok to `` call for foreign powers to influence polish politics '' then , but it 's betrayal now  just the usual tribal thinking . 
  and poland was people 's republic . 
  not great either . 
  to pis supporters in this thread : `` nobody protested when john was stealing , so why ca n't ted steal as well '' is n't a good excuse . 
  and then we can talk about why what pis does ( refusing to comply with decisions of tribunal ) is much worse than what po did ( creating unconstitutional law - which is regular occurence in all governments , and is solved by tribunal rejecting the unconstitutional parts - exactly what happened ) . 
  it 's like when you have `` democratic '' in your country name . 
  it is . 
  `` it 's just 6 months '' is not a good excuse . 
  and that would be bad because ? 
  if i lived where i live during ww2 i would probably be roughly as worried about stalin as about hitler . 
  i just do n't see how such comparisons are useful - we have to do sth about the dictators that are there , and the fact that there are others elsewhere changes nothing , and the fact that there are 1000s of potential dictators lacking just the power all over the world changes even less . 
  nobody says hitler is great . 
  but there are politicians that are just as corrupt and power-hungry ( stalin and mao for example ) . 
  what does it change ? 
  it is n't . 
  it 's the same even with less unpredictable power sources , like coal , it 's just much less frequent . 
  the problem is - the power network must be balanced at all times ( at each point power delivered must be equal to power used , if not - there 's blackout , or the network is heated and damaged - so blackout too , just a little later  ) . 
  to achieve balancing with practicaly no storage ( storage at national network scale is n't practicaly possible ) - consumers have to predict usage of power , and powerplants have to predict how much they can deliver each hour , and operators of the lines have to plan how they will deliver it where its needed . 
  then , everybody post offers on energy market , and operators buy the cheapest offers ( factoring in the available delivery lines , and other constraints ) . 
  but , it 's always possible that someone predicted wrong , and there 's too much or too little power . 
  for such cases - powerplants can post offers like `` i can reduce or increase my output by x at given hour of given day for additional y pln '' , and big consumers can also post offers `` i will increase or reduce my consumption by x for y pln at given hour given day '' . 
  then , when operator see that the network is not balanced ( for example some lines broke , and now you have to deliver same power from different powerplant , or that some city consumes much more or much less than predicted ) - it can use these optional offers , and pay people to produce or consume more or less than previously agreed . 
  the main rule is - the side that predicted badly and caused the network to be unbalanced - pays for the rebalancing . 
  with unpredictable power sources like wind or solar it 's just much more frequent . 
  actually the powerplants used to balance the network are usually the coal or gas based ones . 
  you can throotle them much quicker than nuclear . 
   all of this sounds like poland is on the verge of turning into a russian-style `` democracy '' . 
  from concentrating power by shutting down institutions that may stand in the way to justifying crackdowns on the free press by accusing foreigners . 
  yup . 
  and significant amount of poles cheer this up , and call everybody oposing this russian or german spies . 
  it 's absurd . 
  most went west . 
  wihch would also happen with syrian refuges . 
  no reason to stay in poland ( no social net , weird language , mostly uniform society makes it harder to fit in even if no deliberate racism ) , when you can move to germany or uk . 
  this is all media-driven bullshit . 
  we had almost 100 000 chechen refuges at some point . 
  no problems whatsoever . 
  now we 're arguing over 10-20 000 syrian refuges like it 's end of the universe . 
  i 've lived in 5 different commieblocks for various periods of time , and visited probably hundreds of them , some are better than others , but i 've never seen a commieblock with good sound insulation . 
  socral tenament houses were ok in that respect , though . 
  only like 95 % of them  cheap buildings = thin inner walls and saving on the noise-cancellation . 
  if you do n't mind hearing every breath of your neighbors . 
  military it is a major power . 
  economicaly it 's not . 
  people have different definitions , so they argue . 
  they were huge in space , true , and tsiolkovsky was the man behind rocket equations ( which was more improtant than `` the first x in space '' achievements imho ) . 
  but , they are partialy responsible for the raise of 3rd reich in the first place - they signed alliance with hitler and together invaded poland in 1939 . 
  i 'm polish , and even i can name 3 : - tokamak - https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/konstantin_tsiolkovsky#scientific_achievements - sputnik, 
  did n't realised you answered for someone else . 
  no , i do n't believe official statements automaticaly . 
  i just do n't automaticaly believe anonymous accusations either .
