  people seriously argue there should be crosses in every room in school , and that we should make jesus `` official king of poland '' . 
  how do you call this if not a backward country ? 
  and regardnig refuges - common sense should be applied uniformly , to all sides of a conflict , and not only to your side . 
  common sense dictates , that a country that accepted millions of imigrants already , and has small population - may want to stop accepting them . 
  on the other hand a country that sent out 2 000 000 people to economic migration in last 15 years , has big population , and almost no refuges to deal with - could easily accept a few dozen tousands refuges . 
  and at any rate - it 's a thing people want us to do , so we can negotiate some compromise - after all there 's a lot of things we want from eu . 
  but no - there 's a widespread panic over 12 000 of refuges , and politicians have to compete who is the most against it . 
  it 's absurd , it has nothing to do with either tolerance or common sense . 
  well , they are right . 
  poland is barely a modern country when it comes to tolerance and civil rights , and most poles are apparently proud of it . 
  where ? 
  how is this supposed to be funny ? 
  i 've used a gun ( rented sks , on a shooting range ) . 
  i 've also shot bb gun . 
  it 's fun , i must admit . 
  i 'm also interested in guns from technical pov . 
  but i do n't think 99 % of regular people really need guns for anything but fun . 
  improving security thanks to widespread guns is bullshit - just look at crime stats in usa vs europe . 
  i may be biased - my friend 's father had a legal pistol for security reasons , he borrowed it to his 20 + son , son spend a week with his friend by a lake . 
  they found them both shot dead from that pistol . 
  the most probably version is - one of them shoot the other by accident , then commited suicide . 
  it 's obviously just one datapoint , but accidents happen , and people advocating less strict gun laws should keep it in mind - more guns = more accidents . 
  1 ) traditional selective breeding and random mutations can produce harmful mutations as well . 
  there should be quality checks for food anyway ( some very common grass parasites produce substances toxic for humans ( see saint vitt sickness ) . 
  not an argument against gmo in particular . 
  2 ) is argument against patenting of numbers ( dna code is just a number ) . 
  i agree 100 % it should be impossible . 
  still - nothing to do with gmo , everything to do with bad patent law . 
  polish economy grew 2 times in that period . 
  so did estonian , lithuanian , latvian , czech republic 's , slovakian , romanian and so on . 
  and see china fo even higher growth . 
  it 's easy to grow fast if you are backward . 
  til , thanks . 
  the written one - yes . 
  i still wonder why you decided to have separate language for speaking . 
  should n't it also be lenin 's and not lenin ? 
  poles on reddit ( at least on r/europe ) were skewed to the left compared to general population , but that was a few years ago , now i 'd say it 's pretty representative , of course except for the people older than 35 that do n't speak english so wo n't post here ) . 
  some polish euphemisms : - is n't pouring behind his collar = a drunkard - kicked a calendar = died special thanks should go to president kwa\u015bniewski , who is the source of at least 3 : - he is suffering ~ ~ philipino ~ ~ filipino sickness ( he was drinking heavily and it shows - comes from president kwa\u015bniewski visit in philippines , most of which he spent in visible distress , with predictable cause , and tried to explain he caught `` a sickness '' ) - he has presidential education ( he was on m.a studies , but never graduated - comes from kwa\u015bniewski declaration that he has `` higher education '' during presidential elections ) - he used presidential doors ( was drinking heavily and it shows - comes from kwa\u015bniewski visit to ukraine , when he tried to enter his car through the car trunk doors , while on tv ), 
  there is no difference between genes modified by selective breeding ( we made wolves into bulldogs and sausagedogs this way , also all of our grains were created from almost uneatable grasses thanks to this ) , and genes modified `` artificaly '' . 
  dna is just a digital code , does n't matter how you create it , the content matters . 
  complaining about gmo and accepting our `` regular '' modern agriculture is like complaining about software copied from cd , while the same software downloaded from firefox is suddenly ok . 
  would also be completely schizophrenic on most issues . 
  that 's what russia said . 
  russia also says polish apples and lithuaian milk and french cheese and ... is bad quality . 
  and it also said there were no russian soldiers in crimea , and there are no russian soldiers in donbass . 
  russia used economic blackmail on poland , baltic states , ukraine , belarus , and others many times in last 25 years . 
  germany can ignore that but then poland should ignore migration problems and refuse to accept any refuges ( and vote against mandatory refuge quotas ) . 
  if germany wants to do realpolitik - we should do t too . 
  poland have n't stolen any gas , russia cut the flow unilateraly , breaking the deal we had . 
  it was russia that blackmailed poland and other ocuntries by shutting down the gas despite trade treaties . 
  and it was germany that allowed it - mostly bribed german politicians like shroeder . 
  where is this jingoism you speak of ? 
  if not for nord stream 1 - russia would n't be able to stop sending the gas through belarus , ukraine , and poland ( because it would also mean not sending gasto/getting money from germany and the rest of eu ) . 
  that 's the whole point of nord stream for russia - to be able to still get money from important buyers , and blackmail smaller buyers . 
  we agreed for the refuges . 
  you did nord stream and do another . 
  i am for solidarity on both issues ( germany cancels nord stream 2 , poland takes refuges ) . 
  if germany continues the project poland should refuse to accept any refuges . 
  he has like 1-2 % support in poland and never was a leader , 
   thruth be told a good monarch/dictator/tyrant is better than any other form of goverment . 
  so , you are for central planning as opposed to distributed form of management ( like free market ) ? 
  monarchy ( tyrany ) is bad for exactly the same reasons central planning is bad . 
  one person does n't have enough processing power nor information to manage everything . 
  some quotes from korwin . 
  in response to a question `` so you think women want to be raped ? '', 
  he answered `` if you ( sir ) knew anything about women you would know that it 's always a little of rape . 
  ( ... ) they always pretend that they do n't want it . 
  ( ... ) you need to know when you can , and when you ca n't , women always pretend they defend themselves '' it 's not a manipulation , that 's what he meant . 
  another quote : `` inteligence is just one ingredient of being wise . 
  women are less inteligent from men , but they are more inteligent in matters of [ regular ] life . 
  they are as wise as men , but less inteligent '' . 
  he also said `` do you know how many women are in top 100 chess players ? 
  in top 200 bridge players - 0 . 
  they are less inteligent , but it 's not stupidity '' . 
  he also repeatedly supported real monarchy in contrast to democracy which he do n't like . 
  he also thinks income taxes should be stopped , everything should be privatised except courts and army and police ( primary shools should be privatised too and there should be no public primary schools ) . 
  he thinks poland should exit eu . 
  he said there are no proofs that hitler knew about holocaust . 
  he 's basicaly just as dumb as it seems , no manipulation needed . 
  you respect him for his stubborn ignorance , 
  pszek is n't that offensive for poles either , 
  it 's the same with polak being the word for a pole in polish , but it being used in english ( spelling polack ) as a derogatory word , and the neutral word is pole . 
  it 's quite common for one culture to use other culture proper name as a derogatory word . 
  people see imigrants ( or occupants ) from other culture calling themselves that , and when they do n't like them for some reason - the word takes negative associations . 
  in the end - different languages - different meanings of words . 
  i do n't complain that `` krawat '' in russian means a bed and not a tie , like in polish ( or was it the other way ? 
  more noteworthy is the fact that gibraltar scored . 
  you may very well be called `` ruski '' ( `` ruskie '' is plural ) when in poland , but it will be meant to be slightly derogative . 
  something like `` pszek '' i guess . 
  `` ruskie '' is derogatory in polish too . 
  `` rosjanie '' is the regular word . 
  and anyway - there are words that are ok in one language and wrong in another - for example `` polack '' is derogatory in english , and ok in polish . 
  not really . 
  mostly young people reading wykop and so on care so much about that . 
  i would say 40 % -60 % . 
  compare the turnout for eu accession . 
  they can change the constitution however they like , whenever they like . 
  look at hungary - they changed constitution like 10 times in last 2 terms . 
  every time constitution court says sth is nonconstitutional - they just change the constitution . 
  this destroys the whole point of having a constitution , and changes representational democracy to be more like majority dictatorship ( 30 % of voters decide every single details of lives of 100 % of voters ) .
