  even better than cracow and prague i think . 
  and prices are ridicoulously cheap . 
  like half of these in poland . 
  i was there in 2005 , and public communication ticket was less than 0.10 euro . 
  i felt like rich man , 
  one could abstain . 
  certainly witold gombrowicz with at least [ ferdydurke ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ferdydurke ) belongs here and ryszard kapu\u015bci\u0144ski [ the emperor : downfall of an autocrat ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/the_emperor ) . 
  also i 'd add stanis\u0142aw lem [ solaris ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/solaris ) and [ l\u00f3d ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/l%c3%b3d ) by jacek dukaj . 
  yay for protecionism . 
  ukraine . 
  you can speak polish with the locals , people are friendly , everything is dirt cheap , and girls are even prettier than polish . 
  i think ukraine would split into eastern and western part , too . 
  yeah . 
  almost all infrastructural projects are in western poland , joining wroc\u0142aw , pozna\u0144 with germany , then with warsaw , gda\u0144sk , etc. 
  trade with ukraine , belarus and russia is much harder now than it was in nineties . 
  at the same time trade with germany , czech republic and slovakia is much simpler . 
  that 's why eastern partnership with ukraine is so important for poland - to make it easy for half of the poland to trade with neighbors . 
  people in western poland were forcefully moved there after ww2 from territorium that became ussr ( now belarus , lithuania , ukraine ) . so they were the easternmost poles not long ago  people in today eastern poland before ww2 lived in the central poland . 
  i doubt it is because of tradition , etc. 
  i think it 's more because eastern poland lost on eu accession , and western poland gained . 
  hence people in the west vote current government , and in the east people want change . 
  situation in poland is sad . 
  all mainstream media are ruled by politicians . 
  most by po , some by pis . 
  gazeta wyborcza , radio maryja and tvn are the worst . 
   because turkish is obscure in the context of european languages which are either latin or germanic ( and to a lesser degree , slavic ) . 
  hungarian , finnish and estonian are n't even indoeuropean languages . 
  also it does n't really matter . 
  give them 30 years and everybody will be speaking english ( i 've seen it happening in poland since 1989 ) . 
   turkey would have to be split in two and be maintained as separate voting areas for eu issues that would give turkish people more voting power in eu , than they would have if they had one country . 
  also nobody will agree to divide country just to enter eu . 
  in this context - by winning strategy i meant strategy resulting with biggest sum of payoffs of both participians over all the games , not assuming anything about oponent strategy . 
  according to http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/tit_for_tat this strategy is optimal deterministic strategy for iterated prisoners dilema , and performed the best in simulations . 
   we can learn from game theory here : game theory has proven that overall the gain is higher if individuals cooperate , however the individual gain is higher for the traitor if people encounter each other rarely . 
  as the size of our societies increase , the winning strategy becomes increasingly to betray your fellow . 
  it matters how long the feedback cycle is . 
  in free market it 's usualy quite quick - you are betrayed once - you go to the competing seller next time . 
  the winning strategy in repeated prisoners dilema is to trust the first time you play with someone , and to repeat what he did to you the last time every time you play with him again . 
  and it 's more or less how people decide in free market economy . 
  in centrally planed economy the feedback cycle involves party and central planners ( if they even bother to read the complains people send them , if the people even bother to send the complains , etc ) . 
  most of the time the feedback do n't ever reach the people , so they do n't have incentives to play fair . 
  it makes huge difference , and it 's responsible for most of the inefficiences of cpe . 
  where i live it 's almost a dogma that free market is good . 
  mainly because we had centrally planned economy for 50 years , and everybody remembers where it leads . 
  countries that were on par with post-war poland , but had the luck not to have communism are now 2 times more wealthy and better developed . 
  and it 's after 20 years of catching up . 
  20 years ago it was more like 3-4 times richer . 
  even socialists parties here say free market is good ( but then , of course , they say we also need regulations and redistribution which make the market less free ) . 
  comparing reddit ( especially r/europe , but not only ) to similiar sites in poland ( wykop.pl ) , reddit seems like `` the nest of ` left wingers ' and socialists ''  i do n't think free market is always the way to go ( for example public education , infrastructural projects , health service etc can benefit from some regulations and have value for almost everyone , even for rich people that fly everywhere , send kids to private schools and go to private hospitals ( because economy would be much worse for everyone including them without educated young people , without good public infrastructure and without cheap healthservice ) ) . 
  but i do think we already have every regulation and exception from free market that we should have , and a few more , and further regulations are harmful . 
  for example most of the eu regulations are stupid , and the sheer amount of them is absurd and very harmful to eu economy . 
  regarding purpose of society - i think it should n't have any purpose except keeping people secure from each other . 
  less is more . 
  i was at hospitals very often when i was child , and i ( my parents ) only gave present to a doctor on one occasion - when she diagnosed my sickness after i went from one doctor to another for like 6 months and nobody had a clue ( and it was n't even the specialization of the doctor we gave present to ) . 
  i do n't think there 's anything wrong with that , we were just grateful . 
  the problem starts when doctors ( and other people ) expect you to give presents just for regular job . 
  it 's like with tipping in restaurant . 
  in poland especially older people think you should give presents to the doctor to make sure people will treat you well in hospital . 
  i do n't think it 's needed anymore , but still , when your relative is in hospital people often do things `` just to be sure '' . 
  i can understand that . 
  i just think saying `` love it or get out '' to people that disagree with you is n't very productive . 
  that 's how all progress happens - some people disagree with the way things are . 
  if all people that do n't like status quo just went elsewhere or shut up - there would be no progress ( see islamic states for example ) . 
  and `` sometimes hating your country '' does n't mean you hate everyone all the time . 
  yeah , it 's not like you can change anything in your country . 
  if you do n't like any aspect of the country - get out . 
  that 's why slavery is still legal , and black people have separate places in public transport . 
  well , in poland we hav had similiar debate , and now restaurants and pubs have to have separate , ventilated room for smoking people , otherways the whole restaurant/pub/cafe is for non-smoking people only . 
  i for one think it 's for better ( i have asthma , before this law every pub was effectively for smoking people only , and i had to take drugs every time i went to pub ) . 
  i do n't follow it , either . 
  from what i 've heard recently : - russia still has the plane wreckage - a few bodies of vips were badly identified and burried in wrong places , and now it 's fashionable to dig them up and check it - some polish experts ( do n't remember who exactly ) said that they have found traces of explosives on the wreckage , but later it was said it could be explosives , or some less suspicious things ( perfumes , etc ) . 
  some people ( like 30 % of poles , maybe more , hard to say ) think it was russian or po job , not an accident . 
  there 's constant battle in the media , which goes roughly like that : - kaczy\u0144ski ( from pis ) says po badly managed the situation , and russia is suspicious , and poland should get the wreckage immadietely after the crash , and the investigation should be made by poles from the start , and not russians . 
  - po says everything was ok , and kaczy\u0144ski should n't use catastrophe for political means , and we will get the wreckage soon ( which does n't seem likely from what i understand ) for me both parties try to divide voters as strongly , as they can , to get votes of the people opposing their enemy . 
  for last 2 elections it worked ok for them . 
  wow . 
  that 's like law that requires you to be a good person . 
  why nobody thought of that before , 
  in poland it 's `` lemming '' if you 're against pis , or `` moher '' and `` villager '' if you 're against po . 
  i 'm sick of it . 
  euro is n't controversial . 
  sth like 70 % poles does n't want it . 
  also no chance it will happen in next 5 years , and no chance po will be reelected , so no point talking about it now . 
  we do n't even pass deficit requirements . 
  but yeah , i got enough of smole\u0144sk . 
  sadly it 's still hot topic , mainly because pis-po medial battles . 
  actually `` hen '' would be useful in english , too , even when not speaking about people with complicated gender situation . 
  sometimes you need to write `` he/she '' and it looks stupid . 
  example - `` anybody should be able to buy whatever he/she likes '' . 
  or maybe it 's just problem with my english ? 
   abortion . 
  yeah , we had that one a few times . 
  if you are in auschwitz anyway , definitely see cracow and maybe wieliczka mine ( it 's nearby ) . 
  cracow has mostly medieval/renaissance sights , but it 's worth it , and you 'll probably land in cracow , anyway . 
  wieliczka is salt mine that has centuries of history . 
  it looks like moria before dwarfs escaped  they made whole underground chapels there from salt , etc. 
  if you like ww2 history , i recommend uprising museum in warsaw . 
  it 's a great museum , very interactive . 
  you can also see old town in warsaw , remains of warsaw ghetto ( there was another uprising there - different from the warsaw uprising ) . 
  warsaw was almost completely ruined after ww2 , then rebuilt , it 's worth to see the old town for that alone - there are photos of how it looked after ww2 .
