  they just differ in how they want to be in eu and what that means . 
  pis seems to want renegotiation of polish role in eu ( we do n't do anything and get all the benefits basically ) . 
  opposition seems to prefer the current compromise . 
  modern liberal democratic system with minority rights , free media , rule of law , and constutitional and judicary checks on executive and legislative power . 
  in effect - a country where government has to change constitution to do sth contrary to it . 
  they admited they are only counting peak number of people on the pi\u0142sudski square , not the whole march ( which was ~ 2.5 km long ) . 
  listen from 04:00 http://tvnwarszawa.tvn24.pl/informacje,news,plac-pilsudskiego-miejscami-pusty-br-policja-ocenia-liczbe-uczestnikow,201873.html it 's entirely possible that there was 45 000 people in pi\u0142sudski square at the most , but the whole march was 240 000 people . 
  i also heard he was secretly a leftist jew . 
  it 's ok then . 
  changes in law since october 2015 ( when pis got to power ) : you can now be persecuted for `` blackmouthing polish nation publicly '' . 
  when there 's terrorist threat announced - police can jail you for up to 7 days wihtout providing any charges . 
  it was 48 hours before . 
  they can keep you in prison longer after preparing charges , and they can make these charges and any proofs they have - secret , so that neither you , your lawyer , nor public opinion know what they actually are . 
  good luck defending . 
  they can now block any webpage for 7 days without explanation . 
  state institutions and national companies jobs do n't require open competition and people employed ther do n't need to have any proofs of competence in given area to be employed . 
  main persecutor office is held be a member of governing party ( it was spearated before ) . 
  he has the right to change the person responsible for any given investigation in progress . 
  constutitional court was effecitvely blocked , so that a new law ( like these above ) that are breaking the constitution - can not be canceled . 
  enough to be concerned in your opinion ? 
  then there are the tiny details , like forbidding media from entering most of sejm building , so that only the footage made by government is available . 
  the limit for cach transaction is 15 000 pln . 
  you ca n't even buy a new car for cash now . 
  oh , and btw they actually can prevent any public manifestation now , if they announce the `` terrorist threat state '' . 
  petru is n't in po and never was . 
  2 . how do you know kaczy\u0144ski has a backbone ? 
  he 's even now hiding behind others ( he 's formally just a regular parliament member ) so that they will be persecuted for breaking constitution instead of him, 
  poland could ally hitler ( like romania or hungary ) and go fighting ussr , or could ally ussr , and go fight hitler . 
  both options were n't good , and would n't work forever , but they were obviously better than losing 1/6th of population and independence for 60 years . 
  i literally ca n't imagine realistic scenario that ends worse for poland than what happened . 
  and an earlier war ( poland + czechoslovakia + lithuania + ukraine + belarus against germany ) would 've gone much better than the war we had ( poland + small parts of lithuania , ukraine and belarus vs germany + czechoslovakia + lithuania + ussr including most of ukraine and belarus ) . 
  yeah , it 's just the biggest demonstration since 1989 . 
  no big deal . 
  we won a war agains ussr in 1921 and then sold them ukraine and belarus ( so we can be neighbors and stalin can backstab us in 1939 ) . 
  we invaded lithuania and took wilno from them ( so they wo n't ally with us ) . 
  we argued with czechoslovakia for useless part of territory ( zaolzie ) . 
  it 's true they took it from us when we fought ussr , but the idea to took it away from them in 1938 and not to support them in 1938 ( when hitler went for them ) was dumb as hell . 
  so in 1939 the whole southern border was germany and german-allied slovakia . 
  also small border with german-allied romania and hungary , with whose we had ok relations , but they could n't help us fight germany because they were allied with germany . 
  they could have done much more , and they have choosen the absolute wors option ( let 's make everybody hate us and do n't choose any side - so they will all attack us at once ) . 
  if you ignore the fact that : - there were a prison for opposition members ( bereza kartuska ) - there were mildly antisemitic laws introduced ( to appease biggest oosition party - endecja ) - poland was poor as hell despite having oil industry and headstart in that field ( \u0141ukasiewicz invented refining oil ) . 
  mostly because of dumb tariff wars against neighbors - we argued with every single one of our neighbors , invaded or betrayed many of them , and allied with countries far away that had geopolitical interests contrary to ours ( great britain ) then yes , apart from that they were ok . 
  sorry , i meant bierecki . 
  i always mistake them . 
  the pis senator that has stolen skok money to luxemburg account , and then after pis took over persecutor 's office they stopped the investigation . 
  have you seen the videos ? 
  btw : i remember you as a reasonable poster from before 2015 , even if we disagreed often . 
  but now every second of your posts is defending pis on sth completely insane . 
  how come ? 
  there were protests before ( every 2-3 weeks ) . 
  but smaller . 
  also pis just kept introducing more and more stupid laws . 
  thanks . 
  i was inspired by your request that i prove your point . 
  why would i provide a proof that the laws are n't any different ? 
  and they are btw . 
  not `` communists , thieves and traitors '' anymore ? 
  she 's the most important member of the holy trinity after all ( the other being jesus and john paul 2 ) . 
  while korwin do n't support kod - he agrees with their opinion on tk crisis . 
  kukiz also recently turned from pro-pis to anti-pis ( mostly because he was obviously outplayed by kaczy\u0144ski and got 2 of his pms stolen ) . 
  right track to become another greece , maybe . 
  pis massively increased social spending , to the point that their own ministers oppose the changes and say it 's unmaintaneable , but they do it anyway to buy support . 
  they also introduced new priviledges ( this month railroad guard got earlier retirement age like police and soldiers for example ) . 
  pis is spending like crazy , no matter we already are close to the constitutional 55 % public debt to gdp threshold . 
  but they already broke the constitution so who cares , right ? 
  if this goes on for long enough we will meet you on the `` to default '' list . 
  and nobody will help cause we 're not even in eurozone . 
  is n't civil society and demonstrations a part of democracy ? 
  is n't a government that got mandate by valid elections , but later introduced anti-democratic laws - a threat to democracy ? 
  is n't it how democracy in belarus and russia ended ? 
  that makes czechs the dutch , right ? 
  50 euro is better than 20 euro . 
  notice also , that the costs of living differ as well ( mainly because of lower salaries ) . 
  in many trades it does n't make sense anymore to move from poland to germany ( in it for example ) . 
  small correction - biedronka is actually portugese company . 
  try solaris or pesa or cd projekt . 
  we had small inflation , and even deflation last year and now . 
  minimal salary isn '' t directly connected to inflation . 
  small , export-oriented countries with currencies pegged to euro . 
  + - none imho if you bothered to spend a few hours walking for some political cause then you sure as hell can spend 10 minutes to decide these same causes in elections . 
  demonstrations are common . 
  but usually it 's in 5 000-50 000 range ( for warsaw , other cities have smaller ones ) . 
  yup , they are most similar to sanacja government from 1935-1939 poland . 
  look how great it ended then : /, 
  tbh `` center agreement '' also contained most important po members  that 's what so ironic about it - one party got divided over personal squables , and now they are the eternal enemies that call each other communists and traitors . 
   dismantling capitalism and seizing the means of production by the workers ? 
  they advocated in favour of `` taking from foreign-owned banks and malls and giving to poor poles '' . 
  also they introduced a law that regulates trade of farming land ( including who can sell to who ) , and forests , and giving the right to buy them first to government institutions if anybody is selling any . 
  only if the institution declines - everybody else can buy them . 
  how is that not a socialist policy ? 
  i 'd say it 's roughly proportional to the whole society : http://telegrafdemograficzny.bblog.pl/i/blog/users/192156/files/image/populationpyramid_region_php7.jpeg nationalist protests for comparison are heavily skewed to + - 20 years old , because most nationalists eventually grow up , and young ( and hardcore ) people are more `` mobile '' . 
  so that 's why you may be used to younger crowds on demonstrations . 
  also the recent acta protests were very young on average because it was about internet . 
  see photos from 1980 to compare `` serious '' demonstrations http://www.solidarnosc.org.pl/ws/wp-content/uploads/2010/11/is_06-1981-3maj81-pochod10.jpg, 
  nobody in their right mind can say it was less than 100 000 . 
  technicaly it 's illegal to fly drones without a permit over a city center . 
  the guys that organise the protests . 
  they call themselves `` comitee for defense of democracy '' and are against pis . 
  they are mostly supported by people that voted opposition parties . 
  it 's off by `` one police estimate '' ,
