  i do n't . 
  i do n't usually record radio i listen to , and i listen to them rarely , mostly as a comedy . 
  you can search for it here , maybe they indexed it : http://www.radiomaryja.pl.eu.org/incydenty.html the other hundreds of cases are showing too . 
  and here are the recordings if you have lots of time : http://www.radiomaryja.pl.eu.org/nagrania/ unfortunately i ca n't find recording from recent years , you would needto contact the author . 
  but you get the idea . 
  inciting hatred is a subset of antisemitism , nice job changing the subject to a subset of the thing i was speakign of  . 
  radio maryja is ( usually ) more subtle thant stating outright `` go kill all the jews '' . 
  at least the radio employes . 
  their listeners that call to the open discussion auditions are quite hardcore including `` shame that hitler left some jews in poland '' , `` there was no holocaust '' etc. 
  what they do say , though : - vote not to enter eu because jews control the eu and they will destroy poland and catholicism ( that was despite john paul ii who was still alive then was a big supporter of polish eu membership , and tried to make peace between jewish and catholic religion . 
  and radio maryja were arguing they are catholic media and were participating in the jp2 mania ) - everything bad ( in their opinion ) is a result of jewish/homosexual/leftist / liberal lobby - `` protocols of elders of zion '' are perfectly valid historical source - masons are still there and plot to destroy catholicism ( so - poland ) - all their political enemies are working for banksters , and banksters are jews - every opposition to great catholic governmeent of pis is inspired by `` the jew '' soros afraid to lose control of poland - almost every time they mention their political enemies that are in any way connected to jews they mention that as additional argument . 
  it 's `` the jew petru '' , `` the jew balcerowicz '' , `` the jew michnik '' . 
  also - the law is irrelevant when ziobro from pis is the highest persecutor . 
  he just cancels the case before it even gets to the court . 
  see for example the `` kod , nowoczesna , gw , lis , olejnik and other whores - for you there will be no whistling , just gallows '' transparent . 
  persecutors decided recently it 's not a criminal threat , just `` polemic '' . 
  they certainly overreact on many occasions , but in this case they are right . 
  example discussion in radio maryja : ( listener calling ) - in auschwitz there were never gas chambers , it 's a propaganda distributed by american homosexual lobby ( father piotr - leading the discussion ) - you mean jewish lobby ? 
  ( listener ) - is n't it the same ? 
  man , i 've listened to radio maryja on a few occasions . 
  radio maryja regulary disusses `` protocols of the zion elders '' like they were real . 
  they regulary accuse `` jewish groups , eu and masons '' of ploting to destroy poland . 
  literally what they say in radio , i 'm not adding anything . 
  how is that not antisemitism ? 
  i 'm not arguing to close the station , i 'm arguing to call them what they are . 
  and pis government supported them financially a few months ago - first they settled a controversial court case and gave them 26\u00a0000\u00a0000 pln , then they gave them 200 000 pln to `` memberance of poles who helped jews in ww2 and were killed because of that '' . 
  apparently all of these poles were catholic ( in ~ 60 % catholic 2nd republic of poland ) , so it 's best if antisemitist catholic radio will work on that for taxpayers ' money . 
  rydzyk was also supposed to get millions from budget for his private university in toru\u0144 , where most of current public media journalists supporting pis come from . 
  only stopped when public opinion protested . 
  still may happen . 
  let 's be honest - rydzyk and kaczy\u0144ski are political allies and support each other . 
  would be nice to start with not financing antisemitist propaganda from budget . 
  like rydzyk 's media group that got millions from state recently . 
  open source means every time you distribute a computer program you have to also distribute source code - so that the person that receives it ( for example customer ) can hire another company to change the program when it needs to ( or can change it itself ) . 
  without source code - you have to depend on the company that sold the program to you to change it for you when there 's some bug or modification needed ( for example law changed ) . 
  also if the company defaults and you do n't have source code - you 're fucked . 
  buy a new system from someone else and migrate all your data somehow ( possibly by hiring tousands of people to read it from one app and enter into another ) . 
  with open source - no problem , just hire someone else to maintain your system . 
  in poland there was huge affair because public retirement agency ( zus ) it system was bought in nineties without source code and without the right to change it . 
  so - every time something had to be changed - the company could blackmail zus to pay for it as much as they wanted . 
  it became one of the biggest it companies in poland mostly thanks to bullying taxpayers to pay them money thanks to this bad contract . 
  the only reasonable way to buy software for public institutions is to have access to source code and licence to change it , and the easiest way for that is to use open source software . 
  and for example poland was after ww1 , unification of parts of 3 separate countries into 1 , a war against ussr , and some small wars with other neighbors , and a military coup . 
  all between 1914-1939 . 
  there were no 20 years without a war or an uprising between 1790 and 1945 . 
  and it 's not that rare in that part of the world . 
  eastern europe was on par with spain before ww2 . 
  compare the development after the war . 
  but it 's clearly not a population map ? 
  poland and ukraine have much higher population density than scandinavian countries for example . 
  well they wanted the highest possible `` leave '' percentage without actually leaving . 
  if they can have that with more than 50 % - all the better , 
  yeah , is n't it great : /, 
  how long check lasts depends mostly on how much you spend on the people checking stuff ( how many of them there are ) , how carefully you check , and how big the traffic is . 
  i remember days-long queues on polish borders in 90s , and the traffic was orders of magnitude lower than now . 
  and there are no queues now . 
  you can hire more people to check stuff , but then you need to increase taxes to fund that . 
  one way or other - you burn money . 
  and yes , it 's formally separate from freedom of movement , but if you do n't check trucks going thorugh your border - you have freedom of movement , just informal , 
  lol . 
  great britain is the best britain has a nice ring to it . 
  i was quite furious as well . 
  did the correlation testing : the number of the invalid votes were n't significantly correlated with the party that people were mostly voting in given district . 
  it 's more probable people were just thrown off by the freshly introduced many-page voting cards . 
  calculations and discussion ( in polish ) : http://www.wykop.pl/link/907115/statystyka-kontra-spisek-zydow-cyklistow-i-masonow-z-po-czyli-czy-falszowano/ btw i miss the old wykop , when you could actually discuss correlation on the main page , 
  for me : - 966 - baptism of poland - 1569 - polish-lithuanian commonwealth - 1793 - 3rd partition of poland - 1939 - ribentrop-molotov pact - 1980 - solidarity movement - 2004 - entering eu there are much more , but these were the deciding events imho, 
   never going to the eu parliament is actually a sound decision why start in european elections then ? 
   i am pretty sure the polish are the same race see - this is the reason it 's always the poles . 
  media ca n't complain about muslims or people of colour , because racism . 
  but poles ( and other c&ee uropeans ) are fair game . 
  and after a decade or two of constant media campaign you can persuade big part of society about anything you want . 
  bullshit pr reaction to brexit after complaining about eu and making it the external enemy because of short-term internal politics . 
  and then it turned out brexit is actualy real and quite bad for poland and our foreign policy makes no sense . 
  ignore it . 
  btw did you knew that according to current polish government donald tusk personally caused brexit ? 
  what is the constitution of uk , then ? 
   disagree . 
  it 's the journalistic duty to report things . 
  wether the claims made are true or untrue . 
  yes , but `` equal treatment '' journalism is bullshit . 
  it 's like teaching `` evolution is one theory , 6000 old earth is another theory - choose one , kids '' . 
  journalists should make an exhibition of each lie and manipulation politicians do . 
  pis is more like cameron on the brexit/eu/whatever . 
  they want the eurosceptic and nationalist voters , they need them to win elections , but they are n't really eurosceptic ( i think ) . 
  but they sure have lots of important politicians pretending they hate eu ( see krystyna paw\u0142owicz , and even some foreign ministry waszczykowski or the generalissimus kaczy\u0144ski remarks , especially after eu criticized pis abusing polish constitution ) . 
  especially the fact that eu criticizes them caused them to be very anti-eu last few months ( before brexit ) . 
  even to the point that after 7th may pro-eu demonstration kaczy\u0144ski complained `` poles want to be in eu and we can do nothing about that ''  and just like cameron - their incompetence and short-term internal politics is driving poland into ground : / either they win the next elections at the cost of huge and inefficient social spending , giving more credibility to nationalists , and making an external enemy out of eu ; or they lose to these nationalists they fed with anti-eu rhetoric , and it 's even worse ... edit : some sources ( in polish ) from pis parliament member on eu : http://www.rp.pl/artykul/1015194-modle-sie--zeby-ue-sie-sama-rozwalila.html ( `` i pray for eu to dismantle by itself '' ) . 
  pis and kukiz also created `` parliamentary eurorealistic group '' http://www.sejm.gov.pl/sejm8.nsf/agent.xsp?symbol=skladzesp&amp;zesp=394 a commision to calculate how much being in eu costs poland ( because media lie and we 're net payers obviously ) . 
  it 's the cheapest kind of propaganda targeted at most eurosceptic ( and dumbest - sorry but ca n't put it any other way ) demographic , but it won them last elections , so why stop now . 
  man surely knows where his paycheck comes from . 
  let 's be honest , noone speaks it , 
  wtf ? 
  ireland is still in eu . 
   the independence for uk was archived !, 
  it 's more of `` bait and switch '' by england to bo honest . 
  poland did because obviously gays do n't deserve fundamental rights . 
  also god would be sad . 
  there is growing anti-eu sentiment fueled by current government , and their main competition for protest voters - kukiz and nationalists . 
  admitedly the government slowed down on the anti-eu propaganda recently , but they still have people like paw\u0142owicz spewing the dumbest bullshit about eu daily . 
  they even created commission to calculate how much money poland is losing because of eu  yeah people actually believe we are net payers .
