  yeah , because voluntary trading 3 km2 of teritory to straighten the border between 2 countries is the same as ww2 . 
  so we gave them 3 km2 of teritory in fifties cause it was convenient and they promised to give us back the same amount , and they never got to it till now . 
  where 's the news ? 
   what will define europe in the next decade is the re-emergence of the nation-state as the primary political vehicle of the continent when russia offers some eu members preferential treatment to split eu on the sanctions - is eu protesting , that eu law prohibits this , and that all members should be treated in international trade the same ? 
  nope - nation states are doing their own international trade politics . 
  this is the first sign of eu losing power to nation states , and eu law being treated as toilet paper when it suits the most powerful countries . 
  there 's a lot wrong with this stratfor report ( for one thing germany economic decline mean polish economic decline - we 're closely linked by export dependencies ) , but the rise of nationalist movements in eu , and the increasing differences between member states are obvious , it 's not even prediction , it 's observation . 
   you guys actually want to start another war the last world war was a world war instead of a short regional conflict , because people reacted too late to an agressive dictatorship , and were too selfish and pacifist to help defend others . 
  can we avoid this mistake ? 
   the stalinist industrialisation is what allowed ussr to survive wwii and avoid total annihilation one could argue that had ussr not signed ribentrop-molotov pact with hitler - there would be no german invasion on poland ( poland in 1939 had 1 milion strong army , worse quality than german , but strong enough to survive for a few months against 3rd reich - and hitler knew it ) . 
  eventually france and uk would invade hitler from the back ( for real not that pathethic excuse france did ) , and poland could defend for a few months at least on the vistula , and that would be the end of ww2 . 
  germany had almost no soldiers at home in 1939 . 
  so either hitler do n't invade poland , and germany defaults next year ( they were very close in 1939 ) - no ww2 , or hitler invades , poland defends on vistula , france and uk build up and invade germany from the west - no ww2 , just small regional war . 
  that was the plan of france and uk by the way , and it would have worked had stalin not fucked it up by allying with hitler . 
  so in the end ussr made ww2 possible . 
  yeah it does n't work when country a is invading country b , and not the other way around . 
  if there 's question in the title - the answer is no . 
  how do you explain the fact that for months russian internal propaganda was targetting nemcov as traitor ? 
  imho the most probable theory is a gopnik brainwashed by the propaganda calling nemcov `` traitor of russia '' . 
  antimajdan has huge following , same with the nashi , that 's the kind of people that could get such idea . 
  of course then there 's a question - how come fsb did nothing to stop the murder ? 
  nemcov was under survilance all the time , and it happened in as public place as can be . 
  or at least stop the escaping murderer afterwards . 
  imho - fsb agents cheered when it happened . 
  oh , sorry , misremembered that . 
  my most absurd memory is a football derby motor lublin - avia \u015awidnik in late 90s . 
  regular people walk home from work/school , public communication and normal traffic drives by , everything is normal along a street , and in one place of that street 2 groups of kibole ( hools ) throw fireworks and pavement bricks at each other over the street and occasionally charge through a zebra crossing . 
  it was like some wierd performance `` absurd violence on the north-south axis , contrasted with indifrence on the east-west axis '' . 
  the funniest thing was - lech lost that game , 
  still a very good question . 
  yup . 
  why would you care about genetic diversity ? 
  diversity has nothing to do with genetics . 
  there 's more diversity between north and south koreans than between white and black americans . 
  `` it 's your own fault we will attack you if you join , but we do n't care '' . 
  that 's just how russia does diplomacy . 
  maybe they should pivot into making `` cars that pretend they run on electricity '' . 
  they are `` patriots '' . 
  just understand it as `` our country should be feared '' instead of `` our people should be happy and well fed '' . 
  and they think `` international friendship '' is useless . 
  if putin just wanted money and power he could have been one of `` benign '' dictators like \u0141ukaszenko - as long as you do n't make problems outside your country most of the world leaves you alone . 
  but of course russia would n't attack nato , so it 's a bluff . 
  they did , but not on the grounds of common roman empire predecessor state . 
  and succession worked in many ways - for example lithuanian duke jogailo became polish king , but poland was still the major partner in that union . 
  if you insist on inheritance succession then ussr was n't a successor of tsar 's russia any more than ukraine is . 
  also acccording to your definition poland is a successor state of italy ( we had italian queen once ) , hapsburg empire , hungary , sweden , and germany ( saxonia and prussia to be more exact ) . 
  oh , and how could i forget - a tsar was a king of poland once , so poland is also a successor state of kiev rus , on the same basis as russia  also - finland is more of a successor of tsar russia ( and so - kievan rus as well ) in that interpretation , because `` their whites '' won unlike russian ones . 
  if you do n't insist on inheritance ( which i think is much more reasonable ) - then let 's compare the nations ( ukrainians lived there all the time , while russians migrated ) , or capital cities ( russia created its own capital , kievan rus and ukraine have the same capital ) . 
  it was ru\u015b not rosja ( ruthenia not russia ) . 
  belarus was also a ru\u015b ( ruthenia ) but not russia . 
  that 's like germany claiming alsace-lorraine is german and not french because it was part of roman empire  it 's a common ancestor . 
  sorry , i assumed you meant it as an excuse . 
  ca n't see why you would respond if you think it 's not . 
  anyway - even if russian troops assumed what you wrote - they would then have to think the plane they see on radar sending civilan signal - is civilian , and the plane they do n't see is military , so shooting the visible plane would still be an intentional crime , right ? 
   no one in their right mind would soot at a civilian plane polish communist general jaruzelski ordered a polich civilian an-2 plane escaping over czechoslovakia to austria to be shot down in 1975 . 
  the order was executed . 
  more ( in polish only ) : https://pl.wikipedia.org/wiki/dionizy_biela%c5%84ski, 
  how would ukrainian army flying in civilian planes make a good excuse , anyway ? 
  russian troops used civilian cars . 
  does it make it ok for ukrainian army to shoot at civilian cars ? 
  it was russian between 1783 and 1991 ( 208 years ) , and now since 2014 ( 2 years ) . 
  it 's nowhere close to `` always '' . 
  not that it 's a relevant argument anyway ( kaliningrad was almost never russian and you do n't see people invading it ) . 
  russia has seen poland similarly . 
  how is it a good excuse , anyway ? 
  if there is not enough army in eastern europe to realisticaly stop russia using conventional means - then they can try to do crimea in latvia or estonia for example . 
  nato/eu is not ready to do anything with that right now , and when russian army already conquered a country how are you going to make them leave ? 
  start nuclear war over estonia ? 
  i doubt it . 
  so , it is important to be able to defend these countries , so that russia wo n't have that popportunity to test western resolve . 
  they usually just invade ( and pretend they are not there ) . 
  see ukraine . 
  the word you 're looking for ( moderate nationalism without hating others ) is patriotism . 
  nationalism is to patriotism what extremism is to religion . 
  what being bad has to do with anything in this article ? 
  germany and france make strategic mistake in exchange for financial gain . 
  polish-lithuanian commonwealth did similar mistake in 17th century - by refusing to take kozak and ruthenian povs into account - the end result was several civil wars , ukraine joining muscovy , and partitions of commonwealth . 
  while partitions of western european coutnries are unlikely in near future - such politics will worsen the eu crisis and make conflicts in eu more likely ( even armed ones eventually ) . 
  what would be the point of this ? 
  comparison of `` anti-government '' jorunalists etc fired by pis and by po . 
  notice that people like ziemkiewicz had programs in tvp even 3 years after po got elected . 
  compare `` mass cleansings '' by pis . 
  http://x3.cdn03.imgwykop.pl/c3201142/comment_ilw8yxokl2oibcf5wulqsnngbmbicewr.jpg more ( with detailed info in polish ) http://www.wykop.pl/wpis/16725411/slowem-wstepu-do-dzisiejszego-felietonu-rozpoczyna/ sorry , but pis is on another level . 
  or , you know , maybe commision does n't control the war , but controls the visas . 
   there were regular transmissions from anti-pis marches , even if not constant and uninterrupted ones as if it was the only thing happening in the country at the time . 
  they were n't completely ignored despite your claims . 
  yes , they have shown the places when the march was already somewhere else and only a few people remained on the screen . 
  like that : http://mm.salon24.pl/z1/97/z19758320ih-jak-wiadomos-c2c72fb,2,0.jpg unless you mean the relation for which these journalists were fired ? 
  another photo : http://m.natemat.pl/ef5ecf8ffe8a6f1c43d379df394ac472,640,0,0,0.jpg but of course , it 's `` a few tousands '' . 
  previous government mostly used tvn and gazeta wyborcza for propaganda . 
  so - private media . 
  there was some unfairness in tvp , but nothing compared to these , or to tv trwam . 
  and current tvp is even worse that that . 
  honestly , have you seen tvp year ago and now ? 
  it was n't fair by any means , but it was also nothing compared to the current propaganda . 
  they are n't even bothering with inviting opposition to discussions anymore . 
  they will invite : a member of government , a politician from kukiz '15 and some publicists from tv republika or tv trwam or wsieci . 
  they fired the journalists that did relation from anti-pis march . 
  they were ordered to ignore it and show `` preparations to world youth days '' material instead ... for comparison see the march pis and tv trwam did when po increased retirement age . 
  there were regular transmissions from it .
