  there was no point in last 25 years when propaganda in public media was so prevalent and so obvious . 
  tump is basically your typical oligarch from what i 've seen . 
  lots of money from shaddy businesses , connections to all sorts of poilticians . 
  i do n't understand why americans trust people like him , it 's like electing kulczyk , ahmatov , or rockefeller a president . 
  but whatever suits you . 
  it 's just a shame that he wants to leave american allies hanging . 
  i really do n't care about the philosophy behind it , but in last 10 years i lived in 4 places in lublin , and commie district from 60s was the best ( excluding the usual problems with noise , old pipes etc ) . 
  i think i get what you mean by private/public , but then we need another word for the space in backyards of tenament houses , or the space enclosed by commieblocks in s\u0142owackiego district . 
  it 's separated from the traffic but it 's not private . 
  as for why people still build blocks , and not tenament houses - this is pretty good explanation : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hvszphs3uie, 
   the actual difference between both situations is that the street grid tends to be much more dense in the parts of the city where the old style of buildings is prevalent . 
  no , that 's not the reason . 
  even in commie districts with commieblocks and sparse street network you can still walk freely if there 's no fences . 
  and it can be a good place for walking - for example in lublin there is s\u0142owackiego and lsm districts . 
  they were designed by oskar and zofia hansen , quite famous for polish communist-era architects , and it 's great , very green , lots of trees , separated by a belt of blocks from nearby streets , but with always-open gates every few flats . 
  almost no cars inside , sandboxes and places for children , even an alley with statues by nearby university arts department students . 
  it feels like a park , even if the blocks themselves are just regular renvated commieblocks ( fortunately not painted bright pink ) . 
  there 's like dozen valleys in lublin , and most of them are divided into fenced plots , but a few are used as pedestrian streets between districts . 
  tell me it 's not a great urban planning . 
  i do n't like socrealism/modernism too much , but the thing that kills polish cities is postmodernism + no urban planning whatsoever . 
  1 . backyards of tenament houses are still public space ( you can enter - even on your photo there is a sign `` entrance from st. antoni street '' , and notice the beer garden in the background ) . 
  it 's just less public than a street , giving you some distance to the traffic . 
  2 . it makes a huge difference , whether the building is behind a fence , or right next to a street/pavement - you ca n't walk through a city , when there 's a fence every few buildings . 
  it 's not a proper city , it 's just a place for sleeping and working . 
  i much prefer the old style urban planning . 
  this will blow your mind : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/front_yard, 
  no they were n't . 
  not in cities . 
  show me gated community in old town krak\u00f3w , toru\u0144 , or lublin ( the real historic cities , not the communist-infused frankenstains like warszawa ) . 
  it 's abysmal urban planning and it came to poland in 90s ( when safety was really an issue ) . 
  but it stayed and even got more popular . 
  imho there was no conspiracy . 
  party members just had connections and resources , so they were in good position to do well in the new system . 
  this was recognized by some on opposition side , and preferred to the alternative ( staying a bankrupt communist state ) . 
  and nowadays most sucessful businesses are owned by people that got rich in 90s on import-export and such stuff . 
  not much requirements to start that way . 
  regarding wa\u0142\u0119sa - there were some documents published in february according to which wa\u0142\u0119sa was an agent in early 70s . 
  they were supposed to be confirmed by a grapholog , but so far no confirmation ( i assume we would hear about it because regime media publicized the hell out of the documents whne they were published ) . 
  at any rate - the conspiracy theory is - wa\u0142\u0119sa was active agent in 80s and it was communists that sent him to gda\u0144sk shipyard to take over the solidarity . 
  there 's no proof of any of that ( and it does n't really make sense ) . 
  smole\u0144sk crash was assasination by tusk/putin/both of them . 
  round table talks between opposition and communists in 1989 were a conspiracy where they agreed to divide poland between themselves and to change the facade . 
  lech wa\u0142\u0119sa was a communist agent . 
  stuff like that . 
  my sister was on a 2-week backpacking trip in norway . 
  she said she could have paid for the whole trip , had she filled her luggage with `` sweet cherries '' ( czere\u015bnia ) . 
  the price difference was insane , like 50x . 
  in this case it 's justified . 
   source : gazeta polska codziennie it 's not exactly a respectable newspaper . 
   war possible in next 10 years , very unlikely before . 
   separatist movement with < 1 % non-poles in poland ? 
  good luck . 
   if poland feels it is getting a bad deal it simply has to ask the us to leave and it will . 
  we wo n't . 
  would be stupid to pay and leave before the service is done . 
  anyway , i 'm not arguing for leaving nato . 
  i 'm arguing against isolating poland from eu , and against counting on usa benevolence or them `` paying their debts '' . 
  i want poland to be important part of security in europe , by virtue of being stable democracy with good economy and reasonably strong army . 
  then - defending poland is in everybody 's interest . 
  making enemies left and right as pis is doing right now , and relying on past `` kudos '' is n't a good policy . 
  fascists and neo-nazis are marginal ( but still shameful ) . 
  the real problem is - the narrative about refuges is supported by mainstream in poland ( mostly because scarying people with terroris was a great way to score political points over po in last elections ) . 
  that alone ? 
  usa participating ( and have soldiers die ) in 2 polish wars ( including one aggressive war started by poland over false claims ) , and allowing poland to create exteritorial secret prisons in usa where they can abuse human rights - yes . 
  but that 's unlikely , do n't you think ? 
   progress always wins unfortunately it does n't . 
  world would be much better if it did . 
  also change ! = progress . 
  among the changes tried in poland was fascism and communism . 
  it 's understandable people opposed them . 
  of course they were . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/pagan_reaction_in_poland king even had to escape to bohemia for a while because of the uprising . 
  name an ideology - there was uprising against it in polish history . 
  for one example : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/operation_simoom for another : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/polish_involvement_in_the_2003_invasion_of_iraq https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/polish_zone_in_iraq http://isaf.wp.mil.pl/en/12.html also : http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/worldnews/europe/poland/11286267/polish-president-admits-poland-agreed-to-host-secret-cia-black-site.html, 
  how was it `` a change of subject '' ? 
  have you even read the article ? 
   in the meantime , poland , the czech republic and the east german grid operator are already taking action to control the loop flows by installing phase shifters on both sides of the border with germany . 
  these act as turnpikes on the electrical current by raising electrical resistance to divert power elsewhere . 
  the first , on the polish border , is to start operating before the end of 2015 . 
  it 's about phase shifters poland had to install because of random surplus german energy . 
  the institution that calculated the loses was n't polish , are you suggesting they were incompetent or subjective ? 
  or do you think they are right that it is a problem , but we should n't mention it because of some reason ? 
  for your information : i do n't support pis , in fact i am actively protesting against them , including street protests . 
  go read my comments history if you do n't believe . 
  i 'm also not anti-renewables in general . 
  now that you know that , could you start actually responding to my arguments or the article instead of responding to who you imagine i am ? 
  it already emerged - germans were dumping their sudden surplus solar and wind power to polish and czech networks for some years ( it could n't handle it in germany because of too small transfer capacity between norther and sotuhern germany ) . 
  it was so bad that poland had to build `` barrier '' to stop that , because it was unbalancing polish network . 
  people often think of electricity like it 's similar to goods moved by a truck , but it 's not . 
  with a truck you can stop it at any point , decide where it goes . 
  truck wo n't destroy the road if you send too many of them ( or too few ) . 
  they will just go slower . 
  you can stop a truck and the goods it transport wo n't suddenly change into heat . 
  electric network has ( because of how physics works ) to have energy produced = energy consumed at all times . 
   hungary , poland , the czech republic and slovakia complain loop flows from the german grid put the security of their power supply at risk and prevent the international power market from functioning properly . 
   at times , the amount of power being traded between germany and austria is twice what the connections between their two grids can handle , meaning half overflows into the czech and polish grid systems , and even on to neighbouring countries . 
   the excess power means interconnectors on the borders between different national grid systems become congested , preventing electricity being traded internationally . 
  the agency for the cooperation of energy regulators ( acer ) has estimated that loop flows from germany cost the polish and czech economies 25 million euros a year in lost revenues from power trading . 
   the polish grid operator , pse , says they also contributed to a `` brown out '' in the summer of 2015 -- meaning that its grid operator had to limit supply to industrial consumers -- because it was unable import extra power when production at polish hydropower plants fell because of a heat wave . 
  https://www.cleanenergywire.org/factsheets/loop-flows-why-wind-power-northern-germany-putting-east-european-grids-under-pressure if you want to produce significant percentage of your power consumption with green energy - great , but be sure to invest in infrastructure first , instead of dumping externalities on neighboring countries .
