  and many people put flags of other nations they like for some ocassions , like irish on st. patric day , or ukrainian because they fight russia now . 
  what 's wrong with you , lithuanians ? 
  is n't this stupid from the lithuianian government side ? 
  he basically gave your government a way to make him irrelevant in politics . 
  you could have introduced that reasonable version with 2 versions of name , and cut out all the support for him ( because who cares there are other name version too ? ) . 
  instead you antagonized his supporters and made him stay in politics because he has something to fight for . 
  dumb . 
  there 's not much of everything else they sell . 
  mostly ka\u0142asznikows which people in eu do n't buy anyway . 
  and fuck the eu economy we can deal with higher prices for a few months . 
  when there 's a movie , on which grad missiles launch , and you can see on google street view that the region is in russia , and that the missiles have to be at most 6 seconds * 343 m/s < = 2400 m from the point of filming , and the border is further than that - it is pretty good evidence . 
  and there 's ton of such evidence , and besides the russian narrative just does n't fucking make sense ( why would anybody crucify kids ? 
  why would ukrainians turn nazi ? 
  why would poland send terrorists to kyiv , or shoot a plane in ukraine ? 
  it 's just obvious bullshit . 
  same thing with the russian tv showing the same person as russian patriot from crimea , russian patriot from donetsk , ukrainian refuge in russia , mother of pro-russian rebel , etc. 
  i might remember the particular title wrongly , but she was shown in dozen of roles on the same tv station , interviewed in many cities as a native . 
  that is the russian propaganda way . 
  obvious lies . 
  western propaganda works by showing only one side of something , but int this particular case there 's not much to show for the other side benefit anyway . 
  and germany in ww2 did worse things still . 
  so what ? 
  are we going to allow holocaust now to be consistent ? 
  sometimes you ca n't be objective and non-one-sided . 
  also most information come from internet and not from journalists . 
  somebody filmed army there , sombeody recorded missiles shooting . 
  novadays traditional media are only repeating what internet knew 10 hours ago . 
  not only . 
  many countries in nato do this . 
  good thinking . 
  when you 're bordering russia the best thing to do is alienate your other neighbors . 
  if any nukes launch it does n't really matter which were first targets and which were 5th . 
  so yeah , wave these nukes , russia . 
  we 're all terrified . 
  why ? 
  it is . 
  right now it acts like xixth century european countries for example . 
  yes . 
  really . 
  what 's the worst he could do ? 
  what for ? 
  start wars with neighbors ? 
  putin already did that . 
  repeatedly . 
  sponsor terrorism ? 
  same . 
  reduce civil rights ? 
  done . 
  turn russia into authoritharian country ? 
  too late for that . 
  there 's not much that country in russia position can do that will hurt eu more than what putin is doing right now . 
  russia just is n't that powerful , and the last leverage - oil and gas - will slowly decline as eu is moving towards energy independence . 
  so yes - i think putin plays this leverage while he can , and i think eu should be ready to do away with putin . 
  no , and i feel for your little brother . 
  but anyway you skew the situation . 
  it was n't ukraine choice to go to proxy war with russia . 
  ukraine just have choosen trade agreement with eu instead of one with russia . 
  ukraine would prefer not to lose crimea and not to have terrorists in eastern ukraine . 
  it was russia that first annexed part of ukraine , and sent sponosred and armed terrorist to eastern ukraine . 
  the situation you should be comparing this to is your little brother not likeing his former friends and prefering other . 
  the former friends got offended and beat up your little brother , and accidentaly destroy you car . 
  are you going to beat up your little brother for that ? 
  war with russia will be too bloody , and is totally unnesessary . 
  if we as eu can take small recession for one year we can make russia go default without shooting one bullet . 
  not doing business with tham and having to pay 2 times more for gas and oil is n't that much of a nightmare . 
  we could do this and only lose a percent of growth or sth like that . 
  but that 's too much for cynical eu politicians . 
  better let them kill each other as long as it 's not our people dying . 
  and france selling weapons to russia is the best in this . 
  terrorists and russian politicians have negative utility . 
  it is the same . 
  ukraine only failed to deal with the terrorists because russia supports them financially and military . 
  blaming ukrainians for the actions of terrorists fighting ukrainians and supported by russia is insane . 
   technically put the blame on ukraine in the same way like poland was technically responsible for ww2 because it allowed germans to invade , and raped woman are technically responsible for rape because they failed to defend . 
   taking an economic dip due to disruption caused by a military conflict does n't fit in that narrative and would confuse the people . 
  but nato could deal with these separatists in a month without even sweating . 
  becaus there were more than hundred dutch people on that plane . 
  `` tv says it 's ukrainian army plane , but it has malaysian logo on it '' `` that means it transported spies '' nice one . 
  russia has very high aids incidency for european country , not only among homosexuals . 
  http://wwwnc.cdc.gov/travel/content/yellowbook/2014/map_3-07.png anyway , it 's stupid theory . 
   something bad happens always to those who deserve it the most . 
  wow , that 's completely foreign for polish culture . 
  we have `` biednemu zawsze wiatr w oczy '' = `` wind always blows poor in the eyes '' meaning the worst stuff comes to poor and weak . 
  we have `` nie ucz ojca dzieci robi\u0107 '' = `` do n't teach father how to make children '' . 
  - `` wyj\u015b\u0107 na czym\u015b jak zab\u0142ocki na mydle '' = `` to turn profit on something like zab\u0142ocki on soap '' , meaning - to lose big time on something ( most often because of trying to be too clever ) . 
  it comes from xixth century nobleman cyprian zab\u0142ocki who was trading in soap - he transported it downstream wis\u0142a river to gda\u0144sk . 
  there was prussian border there at the time , and to skip the toll he hidden the soap in ( supposedly ) hermetic chests and pulled the chests behind the ship under the water . 
  in gda\u0144sk it turned out the chests were n't hermetic and the soap was n't there anymore - he lost big money , and the proverb was created . 
  - `` musi to na rusi , a w polsce jak kto chce '' = `` in ruthenia ` you have to ' - in poland everybody do as he wishes '' . 
  it 's used when someone says `` you have to '' do something , and you can respond that to indicate nobody will force you - forcing to do something only takes place in ruthenia ( old word for russia , ukraine , belarus etc ) . 
  - `` kwiecie\u0144-plecie\u0144 bo przeplata - troch\u0119 zimy , troch\u0119 lata '' = `` april is a weaver - he weaves a little of winter and a little of summer '' - meaning that in april often the weather is very unstable - sometimes it 's snow and -20 c , next week +25 and sunny , next week snow again . 
  you missed  i do n't think in this quote , 
  depends . 
  in poland whole eighties was economic crisis , and in the end we turned into democracy . 
  anyway , i do n't think chances for someone worse than putin are high . 
   first the president of poland and now this . 
  i would be the first to blame the russians but it 's quite clear it was the presidents fault ( he just wanted to be on time and ordered pilot to land no matter the conditions , and the pilot obeyed when he had the option to disagree ) . 
  economic crash in russia , someone taking power from putin , normalization and democratization of russia , peace in europe . 
  what do you mean ? 
   what do you propose the eu should do ?
