  stop farmers subsidies and food quotas , instead introduce big tolls on food imports from outside eu , and create food stamps like in usa . 
  no sense whatsoever in paying taxpayers money to farmers for producing less food , when some poeple in eu are starving . 
  and if there 's not enough demand for food in eu , and people from outside of eu do n't want our food - i guess some eu farmers must find a new jobs . 
  would happen anyway , better sooner than later . 
  stop dumb programmes like `` pay 10 million to some company so it makes adds saying ` eating fish is good for you ' , or ` do n't be racist ' '' . 
  nobody ever stoped being racist or started eating healthy because billboard said so . 
  it 's just a trick to move money from taxpayers to some guy that had friends in the right places . 
  make one big eu army . 
  anything else is n't cost-effective . 
  defending any territory of eu is automatic and must happen immediately , including nukes if enemies used them . 
  using army outside of eu territory without prior aggression by enemy requires a referendum with at least 10 % turnout , and 2/3 +1 support . 
  energy union asap . 
  eu law is too damn complex . 
  make it a part of eu constitution , that eu law length ( as measured by total number of characters in the whole compiled eu law in all the languages , divided by the number of languages ) must decrease by at least 1 % each year . 
  if not - fire everybody involved when the year ends and hire new ones . 
  allow migrants to move to any country they like in eu , but register them , and pay money from common fund to the countries proportionaly to the amount of migrants they receive . 
  all money saved elsewhere spend on infrastructure and research projects . 
  distribute them uniformly across eu . 
  make one-time 100 % bail-out for the whole eu . 
  sign a treaty saying that if any eu country passes 50 % debt vs gdp again - it loses budget independence till it 's fixed . 
  take banking law from one of the countries that had not needed bailouts in 2008 , introduce it in the whole eu . 
  each year make 1 referendum , with question from previous year , and a free-form field to specify the question to be asked in the next referendum . 
  we would just have to wait for 1991 instead of 1989 , like others . 
  i call it `` world optimization '' . 
   did not france and italy invade libya which cities have they conquered ? 
  which parts have they annexed ? 
   did not france invade something in west africa ? 
  something ? 
  please be more specific . 
  also both of these are n't  on european territory, 
  nobody else revived it recently . 
  not true . 
  http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/anglo-polish_military_alliance there were actually 3 acts - informal guarantee of independence - works against all countries , formal official mutual military aid act - works against all countries , and secret attachment - works only against germany . 
  uk and france fulfiled none of these 3 , but came closest to fullfil the secret attachement ( they declared the war , but have n't done the part with `` invading germany from the west if poland keeps for 2 weeks , and providing supplies '' ) . 
  yeah . 
  and we did n't get to be pussies ourself , and betray jews to live , like everybody else , because uk and france betrayed us . 
  we 're not deluded and we ceratinly do n't hate uk ( nor france ) . 
  most poles actually like these countries ( we even mostly like germans ... ) . 
  we just call being a pussy being a pussy . 
  if we had no security guarantees from uk and france we would do what romania , hungary , and others did - allied with hitler . 
  jews would be fucked anyway , but millions of poles would live at least . 
  and he turned most tolerant state of europe into just another catholic kingdom . 
  that guy was a loser and i do n't know why he got a column in warsaw . 
  only guy with a monument that enfuriates me more is dmowski . 
  i would switch with w\u0142adys\u0142aw iv , turn to orthodoxy and become russian tzar . 
  russia allied with commonwealth in 17th century would basicaly solve all further problems with europe . 
  it makes millions of citizens of other country slaughtered because they believed you . 
  that makes you a pussy and asshole at the same time . 
  they verstehe each other sehr gut , after all . 
  you promised something , then said `` fuck it '' because you were afraid = you were a pussy . 
  no matter it was a rational thing to do . 
  which is why they were afraid . 
  which is what i 've said 2 comments above . 
  ok , let 's be more sophisticated . 
  because they were afraid . 
  vote party x , burn 1 card , put the other to the second machine . 
  claim they have n't counted your vote . 
  but yes , it would be improvement . 
  i think we should just use computer system with public-private key encryption and authorization and be done with it . 
  because they were pussies . 
  some people that had no chances anyway would claim they did and the votes do n't match , but in reality they only put their vote in that second machine . 
  edit : oh , there are identifiers , it '' s a problem for anonymity , but also makes it even easier to make it look voting is unfair - just mark different options on both cards . 
  at some point it was n't . 
  it was never 60 % . 
  more like 5 % . 
  edit you meant 60 % of apples export , then ok . 
  i do n't know , but ursus build a factory in etiopia recently . 
  give us your internet in exchange . 
  it 's like russia considering lithuania `` worst place in their country '' . 
  i 've choosen my favorite , and in poland it 's equally popular as the ones you mentioned , maybe it 's because of the name , 
  he did . 
  see http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/polish_songs_ ( chopin ) but yeah , he 's known for piano music . 
  i 'd say chopin - heroic polonaise for poland . 
  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vel9zn8jpw8 we have some nice modern music but it 's either unknown outside poland , or not immediately recognized as polish . 
  i guess to prevent bigger/richer/more succesfull countries crowding out countries with small cinematography industry , with movies nobody heard about . 
  i know a few things about uk , german , french , or scandinavian cinema , but have no idea about lithuanian or portugal ones for example , so i 'd be more interested in that . 
  context matters . 
  `` first thing - let 's kill all the lawyers '' is n't incitement to murder for example , because nobody interprets this literaly . 
  it 's meant as ( cheap ) joke , that everybody hate lawyers . 
  i do n't know the context for #killallwhitemen , seems to me it 's a stupid joke too , and stupidity ( unfortunately ) is n't illegal . 
  * woman i always ~ ~ do ~ ~ make this mistake , same with man/men : /, 
  the situation is - poles got lazy and do n't want to have kids ( and do n't tell me it 's because of money - the richer and more educated country - the smaller the natural growth generally ) . 
  also we got the biggest natural growth under martial law , when everybody was poor , there was nothing in shops no matter how much you earn , there was nothing on tv , electricity was shut down every few days , and no matter how hard you worked - there was no such thing as making career . 
  so small natural growth is there to stay , even if we finally do proper financial support for families with kids . 
  this means a lot of retired people and few working people in 20-30 years . 
  also there will be no unemployement . 
  so we will need immigration anyway . 
  much easier to communicate with ukrainians ( which tbh are quite similar culturaly to poles , despite some different views on history ) , than with immigrants from other countries . 
  and ukrainians actually come to poland , when immigrants from other countries do n't reallt have a reason to do so en masse . 
  win/win indeed . 
   prague has low unemployment and hunger for many professions , so we get a ton of work immigrants , up to 100.000 a year is this true ? 
  should make you grow 2.5 million people in 25 years and ( 25 % population growth ) , and i somehow doubt it . 
  yours even came with land under them . 
  i 'd move usa-russian border to belarus . 
  already before war ukrainians migrated to poland , either short term to work or study , or long term . 
  for example my cousin married ukrainian ~ ~ women ~ ~ woman several years ago - they both studied in lublin . 
  the only thing that changed recently is numbers , mostly because their currency devalued a few time relative to pln . 
  ukrainian and polish are very close ( i went to western ukraine knowing nothing , and understood half the words after a few days ) , so despite much bigger salaries in germany or france - staying in poland makes sense too . 
  they do n't . 
  there 's internet .
