  but not putting him in prison will have consequences too , and these will be worse . 
  and you ignore my point that not doing anything has consequences too , and you 're just as responsible for them if you choose to do nothing , as you are responsible for the consequences of doing something if you choose that way . 
  when you can prevent death and don ; ' t - you 're responsible for the choice . 
  let this sink , because you seem to suffer from the http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/omission_bias, 
  so what ? 
  if a father beats his children he 's free to beat others ? 
  it actually means there 's even more reasons to deal with that a as soon as possible . 
  i do n't care about russian attitude towards west , mainly because it does n't matter ( they do xix-th century realpolitk anyway ) , but also because it 's already bad . 
  so what if their kids are going to suffer ? 
  their parents made the choice to support aggresive foreign policy , thus making others suffer much more ( compare to kids in ukraine losing their parents ) . 
  trade sanctions are the smallest possible response that is n't just surrender . 
  i repeat , because it is important , and you ignore this point : when there are no consequences for behaviour that russia presents right now - they will just repeat it whenever convenient . 
  this is already creating more suffering than economic sanctions could , and it will create much more in the future if russians do n't take any costs for their actions . 
  therefore we must act to prevent such things from happening in future . 
  defending weak victim of a stronger bully is morally good . 
  defending it without using violence is as humanitarian as you can get . 
  ignoring strong bully beating weaker victims is what dutch military did in http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/srebrenica_massacre and it was n't the right thing to do . 
  a is attacking b. 
  you see this and says `` stop or i 'll never do business with you again '' . 
  you call this a ransom , i call it justified defence , and morally good act . 
  seriously , do you think people wo n't defend because violence is not western ? 
  it 's doable - everybody leaves un security council and make new . 
  but it 's not worht it . 
  economic sanctions are the only thing that works , because you ca n't fight without money . 
  china has the 2nd most powerful army . 
  not doing anything will also make things worse . 
  dealing with this now will at least prevent similar problems in future . 
  not doing anything will also make things worse . 
  dealing with this will prevent similar problems in future . 
   i support russian citizens because in all of these political games it is the common people that suffer they have the power to end this any time . 
  there 's no reason they can only choose people currently in politics to the government , especially in the age of internet . 
  it 's a big country i 'm sure they could find someone . 
  also i 've heard good things about kasparov . 
  but they choose putin because he promises easy life for some of their freedoms - there are consequences to this . 
  you have to deal with the causes of the problems , otherways there will be next crisis after ukraine , and next . 
  why should putin stop if we do nothing ? 
  eu foreign policy is embarrasing , and big part of that is this bickering . 
  you know why nobody wants to buy the ships except russia ? 
  because nobody in eu wants to invade other countries , and the desant ships are useless otherways . 
  france knew perfectly well before crimea that putin is authoritharian ruler and former kgb member and sold him offensive weapons anyway . 
  now is the time to accept the consequences - money or reputation . 
   so let all the people suffer . 
  man , woman , and child alike . 
  that 's your answer ? 
  why should we prefer suffering of people in ukraine than people in russia ? 
  at least nobody will shoot russians , and right now they are shooting ukrainians . 
   every political leader is a crook , it 's just a matter of which crook you suppose . 
  you either generalize , or live in a very shitty country . 
  really you think there are no honest people ? 
   would you rather oust putin and let the damn communist party back in charge of russia ? 
  i do n't think they could get power right now , and if they did they would just reenact collapse of ussr , but faster ( much less resources to waste with this stupid system this time ) . 
  but i forgot - russia helped serbia so now you must support all their bullshit . 
  because they support him despite him invading and annexing other countries and financing terrorists . 
  the plane was n't even the worst they did - it was a mistake . 
  but they murder civilians trying to leave doneck on purpose to freighten others and stop them escaping , so they do n't lose all the living shields . 
   a self-harm gas embargo could cause regime collapse in russia , that 's the point ? 
  geography does n't care . 
   $ 20 dollars a week for a family of 5 . 
  i did it in the 90 's . 
  we did too . 
  also the sanctions will hurt russia much more than eu . 
   if you sanction us , it wo n't make us rise up and hate our government well , you will default again in that case . 
  hard to pay these terrorists with worthless money . 
  we should try this during footbal matches some time . 
  you 're mistaken . 
  translation :  according to the law national institutions have to fly the polish flag , and the regular people should do this on their own will [ but are n't required to ] to stress their national identity . 
  nobody in his right mind would require citizens to fly the flags - they can be anarchists or not have money , or just do n't care about poland . 
  it 's intrusion of the state into private lives similar to the worst communist ideas ( like the mandatory 1st may marches ) . 
  no , i want the law abolished because it 's dumb , authoritharian and useless . 
  it shows that lithuaians need to be forced to celebrate the fact they are independent ( why law otherways ) . 
  it also shows that lithuanian law-makers think people can be forced to become patriots . 
  going this way never ends happily . 
  imagine that people in poland celebrate independence without order from the state . 
  the shock !, 
  actually robi\u0107 is a verb . 
  robi\u0107 = `` to make '' . 
  they are not going to say in a regular conversation : `` i am terrorist paid by russia and i get here from russia for their money with weapons supplied by them and i will now kill innocent people '' . 
   hmury : did it come with a crew ? 
   buryat : yes , with a crew . 
  if they were moving it from one place in their region to another they would n't speak in that manner , do n't you think ? 
  this conversation suggests they were given this system with a crew by a third-party . 
  there 's not many such potential third-parties there , if we exclude ukrainian army ( and this i think we can safely exclude ) . 
   buryat : it crossed , it crossed the line ( border ), 
  me noticing your law is stupid is n't imperialistic . 
  it 's the best law to fight with civil disobedience then . 
  it 's a waste of time and paper , makes many people criminals without a real reason but it 's fortunately unenforcable therefore they are let go , making everybody lose respect for real law . 
  just finish this farce . 
  - why are you hitting yourself in head with that hammer ? 
  - fuck off it 's my internal matter . 
  as you wish . 
  actually i do think civil disobedience is sometimes the right solution . 
  see india and gandhi , anti-racial-segregation movements , or the solidarity movement in poland . 
  i 'm not sure it 's the case here ( raising a flag is not that big deal ) , but i certainly thing this law is extremely stupid and should be changed . 
  it shows the completely wrong attitude - force people to love the country instead of encouragin them and educating them to do it . 
  forced love is n't . 
   polish minority top politicians do not raise a lithuanian flag as is required by law on national lithuanian holidays and then do raise the polish flag on poland 's national holiday . 
  you have a law forcing you to be a patriot ? 
  seriosuly , do n't this seem to you a little strange ? 
  like - police state strange ? 
  such law would never pass in poland ( all media would scream dictatorship ) .
