  even chechenian refuges were mostly accepted ( despite being muslim and from country linked with terrorism ) . 
  there are some ( mostly nationalist ) people who do n't like them because of wo\u0142hy\u0144 massacres from ww2 and lack of clear apology from ukrainian side , but it 's not very popular stance . 
  also some ( mostly poor ) people do n't like them because they are working for peanuts and without taxes often , undercutting polish blue collars workers . 
  basiclly `` poles took ur jobs '' just replace uk with poland and poles with ukrainians . 
  but that 's also not that common from what i 've seen ( and i live in lublin , there 's lots of ukrainans here ) . 
   no ukrainian even half-decently speaking german or english will stay in poland i know a few . 
  why do you assume all negative things said about poland are self-hating ? 
  if i 'm fat and i know i 'm fat i can say `` i 'm fat '' and it 's not self-hating . 
  it 's a first step to fixing the problem . 
  if poland is backward , then media should call it backward , it 's not self-hate , it 's realism . 
  if somebody did sth shameful then media should write `` shame '' . 
  describing crimes from the past is a healthy thing to do . 
  denying them and calling people doing that `` anti-polish '' , `` self-hating '' , `` leftists '' , or whatever - that 's the problem . 
  if you 're proud of polish achievements then you should be ashamed of polish wrongdoings . 
  anything else would be hypocrisy . 
  healthy patriotism like all healthy love should see the problems with the object of love , and should try to help . 
  blind love is not healthy . 
  some `` true poles '' like to crush the thermometer and call themselves healthy . 
  and i do n't think the poles criticizing poland have inferiority complex . 
  i think inferiority complex ( and victimhood complex ) are some of the reasons many poles feel the need to defend poland no matter what . 
  `` oh , what the west will think if these self-hating traitors describe these past crimes , better stop them '' . 
  who cares - it 's history and it should be preserved . 
  especially when people try to create false image of always-innocent , always-heroic poland of the past . 
  it 's harmful myth . 
  as for that newweek article you read , from what you say it seems to be bullshit , polish is n't `` pure '' , it 's one of more `` bastardized '' languages . 
  latin , italian , german , czech , french , english , hebrew . 
  lots of loanwords . 
  and it 's a good thing , it makes it much richer ( my favorite example is kolor vs barwa vs farba - all three loanwords meaning `` color '' in original languages , but have different meanings in polish ) . 
  or `` bateria vs akumulator '' . 
   poles were also subjects to genocide a few hundred tousands ( including pre-war nkvd operations , katy\u0144 , wo\u0142y\u0144 , galicja , ab akzion , and repression mass murders during ww2 ) . 
  maybe a milion , if you include post-war repressions and indirect deaths during ww2 ( hunger , bandits , etc ) . 
  compare that to majority of jewish population . 
  millions of people . 
  really , not a fair comparison . 
  and poles were n't persecuted for last 2000 years , but just last 300 years ( on and off ) . 
  as a polish patriot i wish we grew out of victim complex and started to take responsibility for our history and our future . 
  jewish victim complex is a problem too , but not ours problem so i do n't give a damn . 
  poles were obviously more inclined to antisemitism , because most of jews in the world then lived in poland . 
  it 's natural there were problems . 
  but it 's not an excuse to hide these problems novadays and pretend `` we did nothing wrong '' , as many poles do ( mostly because of the way schools and media show ww2 in poland ) . 
  why self-hating , though ? 
  the second one is probably true . 
  nice nick ... 
   not petty , spineless cowards but the leading party of your goverment . 
  how 's that a contradiction ? 
  his party was the only one to win 2 consecutive parlimentary elections in poland . 
  not really . 
  what 's 300 years of bad luck compared to 1000 years of history . 
  i like my country , i just do n't like the current government . 
  poland is the only country that did n't voted him . 
  thank all the other eu countries , 
  `` right-wing catholic ignorants '' describes half of polish media , unfortunately . 
  they did that sometimes , probably . 
  but it was n't the default . 
  on the other hand `` kill the whole family '' was in the law . 
  basically anything showing poles hurting jews is `` antipolish '' , `` anti-christian '' , and a treason . 
  it 's still wrong , the policy in poland was to kill the family , not the whole village . 
  not that it 's much better . 
   kill all villagers if single one would help or even give a bread for a jew . 
  this might happened , but usually in poland germans would `` only '' kill the family of the person who helped jews , not the whole village . 
  when it comes to victim syndrome poles and jews are head-to-head . 
  jews at least have a decent excuse . 
  ad 1 . no , in fact you can live 30 years in poland and hear no such story ( except for jedwabne , which is widely criticized as `` a fraud '' ) . 
  public opinion is protected from knowledge of poles killing jews to the point that most poles believe it almost never happened ( and if it happened it was ok because `` jews were communists agents after the war '' , i kid you not , that 's the logic ) . 
  i mean - yeah they were overrepresented there , but it was after the war , and it was n't all of them , and the causality is the other way . 
  ad 2 . agreed, 
   why does pis even care ? 
  1 . it 's personal - tusk won at least 8 elections against pis , including one where polls were showing clear advantage for kaczy\u0144ski untill a tv debate where tusk owned him hard . 
  also some people accuse tusk of smole\u0144sk crash but i do n't think kaczy\u0144ski is believing his own propaganda on this one . 
  2 . if tusk returns to poland as a succesful european politician pis will have much harder time winning next elections . 
  he says anti-russian things . 
  he just does n't do any ( and because of internal politics and authoritharian leanings he ca n't be pro-european ) . 
  the average reaction is denial . 
   schulz said that the spirit of europe `` may have to be imposed by force '' . 
  out of context , but even if he meant it the way you mean it - what are you trying to argue ? 
  that everybody in eu thinks like that ? 
  because of one quote ? 
  i can quote kaczy\u0144ski saying outrageous things till evening . 
  especially if i can cut them out of context like you did . 
   eu blackmailed greece to accept the terms of its bailout eu said it wo n't give money unless greece do these things . 
  i 'd say it 's not a blackmail , but a typical contract . 
  when you buy stuff or services - do you blackmail people too ? 
   tusk tried to cover up knowledge of a financial scam in poland . 
  no proofs , just accusations . 
  and in any case why should pm be concerned about criminals ? 
  police , persecutors and courts are relevant there , not government . 
   eu wanted to flood poland with refugees . 
  flood as in `` less than 50 000 for 36\u00a0000\u00a0000 country ''  we already had more refuges in last 25 years from more terror-happy , islamic country than syria , and we had n't even noticed . 
   eu election procedures were less transparent than vatican conclaves . 
  are vatican conclacves especially non-transparent ? 
  cardinals vote and someone wins . 
  btw - usa elections work very similarly . 
   jean-claude juncker was mixed up in a tax scandal in luxembourg dunno , what if he is ? 
  how are these factoids supposed to proof your point , and what even is your point ? 
  please do not give nukes to kaczy\u0144ski or macierewicz . 
  seriously . 
  some people like that exists , i heard . 
  never seen one in reality . 
  pissing people off is his calling in life . 
  tusk promised lower taxes , but hiked taxes after crisis .
