  better do n't move because it might cause the end of the universe . 
  who knows ? 
  there 's no way to disprove it . 
  you mean scepticism ? 
  it disproves it in the same sense that it disproves existence of phlogiston , 4 elements , arystoteles ' substance and extence , or 19-th century atomic theory . 
  experiments would have different results if these theories were true . 
  unless you add 1000s of special cases - then yes , you can have phlogiston-based theory , and you can have ghosts , but why choose theory that has 1000s of assumptions if there 's a perfectly good theory matching the same set of experiments ' results that only requires a few dozen assumptions ? 
  btw there 's more common sense reason why there are no ghosts , aliens , big-foot , etc. 
  in the last 20 years the amount of photos and videos produced per minute increased like 100 000 times if not more . 
  was there 100 000 times more proofs of these things i listed ? 
  if a phenomena occurs less frequently the more precise measurement we do - then it 's mostl probably not real . 
  it just sounds wrong or right after a while . 
  there are rules but nobody conciously use them ( except when you need to write a program to do it automaticaly ) . 
  polish : where do i start ... 
  i have 1 apple = mam 1 jab\u0142ko . 
  i have 2-4 apples = mam 2-4 jab\u0142ka . 
  i have 5-21 apples = mam 5-21 jab\u0142ek . 
  i have 22-24 apples = mam 22-24 jab\u0142ka . 
  i have 25-31 apples = mam 25-31 jab\u0142ek . 
  but : i do n't have 1 apple = nie mam 1 jab\u0142ka . 
  i do n't have 2 - ... apples = nie mam 2 - ... jab\u0142ek . 
  and of course the numbers itself change depending on gramatical case , gender , and person . 
  1 apple = jedno jab\u0142ko 1 dog = jeden pies 1 cow = jedna krowa lack of 1 apple = brak jednego jab\u0142ka lack of 1 dog = brak jednego psa lack of 1 cow = brak jednej krowy same with other numbers and other cases ( we have 7 ) - and there 's more forms than i care to enumerate , that 's just a start . 
  it 's crazy . 
  i only noticed how crazy it is when i wrote a status bar in desktop application showing the number of triangles in a scene . 
  english programmers have it so much easier  and they do n't even need to know the user 's gender to write `` are you sure ? '', 
  correctly . 
  on the other hand it allows some nice shortcuts and hidden depth . 
  for example a book called `` with one spell '' was translated as `` jednym zakl\u0119ciem '' , because `` jednym '' is a form in `` tool '' case , so it works like it had hidden `` with '' . 
  in other example there 's a song with a guy screaming `` jednego serca '' , `` jednego '' is 1 in `` lacking '' case , so it encodes lack/need of 1 heart ( in this example ) . 
  in general - no . 
  in practice ( with all the failings of the security , the way president bullied pilots around ignoring their opinions , and the recordings from the plane and the control tower ) - very unplausible . 
  which part is not true according to you ? 
  niezale\u017cna and wpolityce are critical of refuges 3 . 
  russia is critical of regues 4 . 
  niezale\u017cna and wpolityce are critical of lgbt rights 5 . 
  russia is critical of lgbt rights 6 . 
  niezale\u017cna and wpolityce are critical of german policy 7 . 
  russia is critical of german policy 8 . 
  russia is critical of eu 10 . 
  russia supports trump, 
   atleast the are extremely rational when it comes to the threat from russia anything but . 
  macierewicz is dismantling polish army as we speak ( delayed many arms deals , fired the best generals like skrzypczak , put people who have no idea what they 're doing on important posts and instantly they fired most of experienced staff ) . 
  and they pretend smole\u0144sk crash was a russian assasination , but do nothing about it to get that sweet 5 % of nut voters . 
  as for `` russia is a threat '' - everybody but sld agrees in poland . 
  and pis propaganda is basically russian propaganda on most external matters ( germany , eu , refuges , trump , lgbt rights ) . 
  let 's do referendum in kaliningrad , then  but just to be sure nato army will overlook it . 
  let 's not open that can of worms , shall we ? 
  well , helicopters have it easier because autorotation . 
  i dunno about latvia , but in poland export grew in 90s . 
  http://internacjonalizacja.pl/wp-content/uploads/2015/05/og%c3%b3lna-warto%c5%9b%c4%87-eksportu-polski.jpg but yeah , people are sayng that too , here . 
  apparently steel and coal industry - the only industry that matters , 
  `` social problem '' , more like `` political problem '' . 
  socially the current education reform is a bigger problem . 
  miners are just the best politically organised minority so they hold each government hostage . 
  communism as defined by people like you is impossible . 
  nevermind if it 's a state or a sect or whole earth united into one big utopia . 
  so people call countries trying to implement some of these rules communist . 
  similarily - capitalist countries does n't have to have perfectly free market . 
  and they do n't because perfectly free market is impossible . 
  taking north korea , east germany , or soviet union as examples of communism is useful , because it shows that trying to implement even some of the rules leads to not so nice results . 
  of course , we can continue to work on unrealistic definitions , and never get any results . 
  i can show you democratic countries and undemocratic countries . 
  show me a communist country . 
  i do n't know about them , but in poland whole 90s was basiacally everyone putting styrofoam over their houses . 
  that 's because in communism energy was cheap and materials were almost impossible to get . 
  and after capitalism energy got expansive and materials - cheap . 
  also soviet economy was mostly about how much steel you can produce . 
  novadays it 's more sophisticated and less polluting industries . 
  so - energy efficiency is much higher now . 
  but baltic states must have done more to get so big changes . 
  have you ever been in detroit ? 
  imagine whole usa is turned into the worst parts of detoit . 
  and then for 50 years mexico drug-lords get to choose your president . 
  it has improved drastically in 90s . 
  then it declined again . 
  `` no true communist '' you say ? 
  literally everything is better than that . 
  hitler was better than that . 
  imagine the increase in amount of jesuses . 
  by medieval rus you mean kievan rus ? 
  they had better soil than most of western europe . 
  actually easy access to good soil was the reason expansive agriculture ( get more land and cheap labour to farm it ) instead of extensive ( get better efficiency from the same land ) developed in eastern europe . 
  later that also meant serfdom survived longer in eastern europe , and after agricultural revolution - was the economic downfall of these lands . 
  do n't think so . 
  on the other hand it was the reason hitler and stalin fought for ukraine . 
  food availibilty was a much bigger concern then ( when artifical fertilizers were n't as cheap ) . 
  btw imagine how hard it must have been to create mass starvation https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/holodomor in ukraine , while also prevent starvation in the rest of the ussr . 
  because social-undemocratic party is in power . 
  i specificaly wrote what i meant . 
  nobody but the most hardcore pis supporters in poland belive that . 
  he was . 
  it 's just hard to see short term , let 's talk in 2030 . 
  he did nessesary reforms even when it costed him the power ( increasing retirement 's age ) . 
  pis does the opposite - huge social spending financed by debts . 
  it 's got nothing to do with luck . 
  it 's neglecting the security standards . 
  all governments participated , but pis is the worst . 
  2003 - pm miller had a helicopter crash and had to go to hospital . 
  the cause was ice on engines , because weather prognosis was incorrect .
