  when we solve the fusion ( or even just start investing in nuclear power again ) the energy wo n't be a problem for another few centuries . 
   climate global warming is here , nobody will stop it , we can only make it smaller ( and i doubt we will ) . 
  people will just adapt , it 's not that bad . 
  few cities will be flooded , some countries will have it hard but most will shrug it off and buy more ac units . 
  it will actually have some positive aspects for economy ( big public work projects would be needed = stimulus to economy ) . 
  you forgot another problem : war . 
  there will be a big war in another 20 years . 
  but i doubt it will turn nuclear , so humanity will manage . 
  nokia did a lot wrong decisions before . 
  the microsoft deal was just the nail in the coffin . 
  they changed operating systems for their almost-smartphones a few times , without real results , while apple and google took their market . 
  shame that nokia commited suicide by indecision . 
  all the previous ones were pro-corruption ? 
  yeah yeah , ignore him . 
  just russia being russia . 
  http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/worldnews/europe/russia/2566005/russia-threatens-nuclear-attack-on-poland-over-us-missile-shield-deal.html btw north korea is much funnier when it does that . 
  russia can not invade all its vassals at once . 
  too much infamy . 
  the problem is - what will all the soldiers hiding in cold-war bunkers with big red buttons do after the russia collapsed . 
  but seriously - nobody wants russia , it 's backward hellhole . 
  only certain regions of siberia are worth anything , and if any war starts china will be there in a few hours anyway . 
  russian strategy is offensive not defensive , and nukes are useless for that . 
  obama cancelled missile defence system that was agreed with poland , czech republic and romania ( iirc ) without prior information for these countries just to keep putin happy . 
  was a big letdown for poland at least - we already planned assuming usa will keep its word . 
  so yeah , usa wanted to improve relations with russia , at the cost of relations with other c&ee countries ( even poland that was usa biggest ally in the region , even sent soldiers to iraq and afghanistan ) . 
  look how well it worked out for obama . 
  there was old polish rts game called polanie . 
  the only resource was milk . 
  it was good . 
  not really . 
  he 's popular because many russians consider last 25 years unnatural , unfair development , and want ussr back ( but with better shops ) . 
  and he promised that . 
  it 's basically the same shit hitler did in germany in 30s . 
  shame that western politicians are only begining to understand that now . 
  and the other country wo n't rise prices for russia ( now that it has less competition ) because it likes russia and does n't want more money . 
  first crowdsourced army in the world . 
  subscribe now to vote who we invade this week !, 
  wel , it 's not perfect ( for example there was article about `` przemys\u0142aw w. son of polish president being acused of drink driving '' or `` miros\u0142aw h. son of polish astronaut ''  ) . 
  if that 's weird for you consider this - in articles about people suspected of a crime their names and faces are censored until there is a final sentence . 
  old jacek kaczmarski [ song ] ( http://teksty.org/jacek-kaczmarski,jalta,tekst-piosenki ) about yalta conference ( where half of europe was sold to soviets for peace ) is perfect illustration of current situation . 
   who wants peace  will always back off from violence . 
   who does n't fear wars - wins . 
   that 's how you should understand yalta conference '' . 
  shame that it 's still true . 
  this part too :  so do n't be angry at the trio :  it was a history 's sentence . 
   they calculated it for a long time :  every leader protected what he already had . 
   he could have made error , mistaken for a moment . 
   he was n't polish nor a balt . 
   only victims are never wrong . 
   that 's how you should understand yalta . 
  you do n't have idea what you 're speaking about . 
  the whole song is greatest analysis of post-ww2 politic i 've heard . 
  and it 's still valid for modern politics , unfortunately . 
  economic victory . 
  was n't even close . 
  i wonder if the slavic languages using `` lublju '' etc as `` i love '' have separate word for `` i like '' ? 
  exactly the situation we have today . 
  except putin would have to deal with 15 % smaller gdp and 25 % smaller budget , with no access to western financing sources for the last few months . 
  and it 's the worst case . 
  oh , ok . and tarzan . 
  exceptions . 
  we could have just stopped all business with russia ( including oil trading ) the moment they annexed crimea . 
  but that would be too simple . 
  let 's promise them something if they stop , that will surely work till the next time . 
  we have `` double letters '' ( like sz , cz , dz ) but you always read them the same way . 
  you learn + -40 sounds and their respective letters/combinations and know how to read any word . 
  btw serbian does n't have `` softening '' of letters near `` i '' or '' \u0438 '' ? 
  more sunshine in year = bigger debt to gdp ratio , 
  on the far left they do n't even have shit . . 
   they are not corrupt , which was proven in the last tapping scandal . 
  you can not prove a negative with a single data point . 
  i 've heard world cup in russia is why russia invaded ukraine in the first place . 
  no other way to finish the stadiums on time , 
  nope , it would be waste of money , we already got promotion from euro 2012 , no need to pay billions for a little more . 
  what ? 
  eu should accidently blow up nord stream . 
  most of russian incomes then depends on western ukrainian pipelines . 
  ukraine blocks them , and russia becomes nice once again . 
  but of course germany wo n't allow that - it would cost money !, 
  yeah , next time holocaust happens nobody will be able to speak about it because godwin law . 
   win-win for all i sincerly wish for your country to be liberated by russia a few times . 
  you will probably change your mind about it being win-win . 
  allies were required to enter germany with army at most 2 weeks after invasion started . 
  poland defended for over a month . 
  allies sat on their hands for the whole time . 
  tbey only started really fighting when hitler invaded france . 
  and of course after the war poland was sold to ussr . 
  they will probably even do coallition with knp : /, 
  nato press announcment that was here a few months ago dispelled most of the arguments this uses . 
  for example the one about promises of nato . 
  less immigrants , probably . 
  also slavic languages have phonetical scripts unlike for example english or french . 
  also i find it suspicious that many countries are at exactly 99 % . 
  maybe they just measure with less precision ? 
  it was flag before \u0141ukaszenko took over . 
   that 's not really an economical plan , is n't it ? 
  you mean trying to become competive is bad . 
  what do you propose instead ? 
   but right now there is world-wide crisis . 
  it will pass , like they always do .
