  i assume people who do n't have problem with gays would n't have problems with the other groups . 
  you do n't understand . 
  it was 8 checkboxes . 
  you could have checked 0 , 1 , 2 , 3 , 4 , 5 , 6 , 7 , or all 8 of them . 
  if someone had no problems with any of the groups - he could have just checked none of them , and they would be in the part `` no problem with that '' for each question . 
  not everything , state owned factories were supposed to be created from scratsch , without nationalizing the existing ones . 
  they `` just '' wanted to nationalize critical areas like railroad transport , military industry , energy , etc. 
  i might be misremembering sth , it was in one of the interviews with zandberg i think . 
  it was multiple choice . 
  each question was indpendent , so in fact majority of poles was `` none of the above '' most probably . 
   all these present an identical ideological line and most are even owned by the same company , axel springer . 
  tell me 5 names of significant polish media you do n't consider biased and i 'll post you 5 articles about zandberg and razem from them . 
  deal ? 
  because practicaly everybody wrote about them in last few days . 
   still , i do n't see any calculations on how their policies make their budget realistic in any sense . 
  which is exacly the same as for all the other parties ( and looking at all the lowering taxes increasing social bullshit it would be quite difficult for pis or po to make the ends meet ) . 
  at least razem admit they will increase taxes . 
   i meant local structures nationwide . 
  they have lists in every district , and they achieved 100 000 signatures before they were cool , with no media coverage . 
  how do you think they achieved that ? 
   fair enough , that 's the first poll i 've seen that gives them something significant . 
  they got 3.5 % -4 % in last few polls , do n't remember from who , look it up . 
  i think it 's possible to get them through . 
   all other media ignore razem , https://www.google.pl/search?q=zandberg+razem articles about the debate and razem from newsweek , polityka , gazeta wyborcza , radio zet , rmf fm , superekspress , fakt , tons of blogs , they trended on twitter and in google . 
  would hardly call that ignoring them . 
  before the debate they had like 5 % of the interest of nowoczesna - after - they have more . 
   because they do n't have a program http://partiarazem.pl/program/  do n't have the structures http://partiarazem.pl/zarzad/ http://partiarazem.pl/rada-krajowa/  and have no chance for more than 1 % http://polska.newsweek.pl/sondaz-kto-wygra-wybory-parlamentarne-sondaz-poparcia-dla-partii,artykuly,372754,1.html accordint to last newsweek poll all parties will be in parliament , including razem ( with 5 % ), 
  well , pis wants to have `` budapest in warsaw '' , so at least the accusations about threat to democracy are substantiated . 
  gw is biased , but the bias is n't that big imho . 
  most poles are n't racist . 
  significant minority is . 
  i had similar views , decided to vote for razem , because i want to change left-side in our parliament and kick out sld finally . 
  i also considered po , but they are making so much bad decisions recently i just ca n't force myself to it . 
  i will probably vote them , just because of non-economical policies and because i trust them more than other parties , but they are indeed radical . 
  they want to create state-owned factories , nationalize railroads , mining industry , energetics , etc. 
  po was fucked before . 
  they tried to keep conservative voters by abandoning liberal voters . 
  they lost majority of both . 
  did n't fucked up anything too badly . 
   how did i even miss that ? 
  by listening to pis propaganda most probably , 
  i would like to add that coallitions have 8 % instead of 5 % threshold to get into parliament , so united left has to get 8 % , so it 's possible they wo n't , 
  to people saying it 's reasonable because teachers must understand what kids say to each other - if so - then you should also forbid slang , and all codes kids come up with . 
  it 's obviously meant as forced assimilation strategy . 
  for me it seems like something that could happen in german partition of poland ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/wrze%c5%9bnia_children_strike ), 
  you can not , really . 
  authoritharism assumes some people have the right to rule and others does n't . 
  according to catholic church the embryos created when doing invitro are people , so when they are created ( usually in bulk ) and then only 1 is used - it 's murder of the rest ( or whatever - right now they are supposed to freeze them and not dispose of them i think ) . 
  greens are in united left together with sld ( the guys that shoot miners and later accepted cia prisons in poland and sent army to iraq ) . 
  obviously sld rules in that coallition . 
  i 've seen homosexual couples holding hands a few times in warsaw , and apart from everybody looking at them ( unusual sight - i was looking too , what can i say ) - they have n't had any problems . 
  in lublin i 've seen only lesbians , which have it a little better than gays i think . 
  it 's a big newspaper , but it 's perceived by the voters of pis , and most of right wing parties except po as heavily biased in favour of po ( and left-wing ) . 
  it was especially biased around 2007 ( even i who supported po at the time could see that ) , when in one month they went from `` government is dumb and poland is going to shit '' to `` we 're having huge successes '' when po won the elections after pis . 
  i think it 's mostly ok now , but a lot of people in poland do n't think so . 
  i would say majority of poles think it 's shit . 
  should be an option , 
  i 'm agnostic and have quite different political beliefs than most my friends and family and i never had problems with that , i do n't understand either . 
  it 's dumb , but then , all the other are dumb too . 
  it 's probably because there 's now a debate about invitro ( should it be banned/allowed/paid by the state for nobody/marriages/all heterosexual relationships/everybody ) . 
  church is obviously demonizing invitro . 
  that 's the voters . 
  the party policies are only slightly different ( on most of the lgbt and personal liberties stuff po abstained or voted against it in fear of losing the more conservative voters that they lost anyway ) . 
  it was really braindead campaign by po . 
  just to be clear : communists in poland mean - people who worked with soviet puppet regime , sold themselves and others for better jobs and priviledges . 
  nothing to do with ideology . 
  i meant po . 
  both pis and po are conservative right , po is just slighlty less conservative . 
  these are not the leftists you are searching for  razem would be the real left ( a little too extreme economicaly , though ) . 
  the funniest thing is - 99 % of the society is in one these groups ( especially `` other political beliefs '' ) . 
  it 's depressing as hell . 
  see https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/3pvwvw/voters_of_4_big_parties_in_poland_were_asked_who/cw9vm9d, 
  left-right : total pis ( conservative center right with social economical policies ) po ( current government , slightly less conservative center right ) zl ( united left - postcommunists sld + some other small vassalized left-wing parties ) kukiz ( antisystem protest party around ex-singer , no program , no idea what they want to do ) top - down : refuges homosexual foreign workers atheists believers of different faith people of different race people of different political beliefs people with invitro child as you can see united left is less liberal than conservative center right , 
  it 's not even that . 
  if they only sold out to soviets before 1989 i could understand why some people vote them . 
  but they sold out to americans ( the prisons , iraq ) , hugely increased polish dependence on russian gas ( canceling the pipe to norway ) . 
  had huge corruption scandals ( rywingate ) , and now advocate for `` normalization of relations with russia '' regarding the war in ukraine . 
  no matter your beliefs they betrayed you at least once for no reason . 
  and all the important ones are 50 + stuffed pricks in limos , working in politics for 30 years + . 
  fair point , but hanna gronkiewicz-waltz was quite important for po in elections . 
  she works for leszek miller.thanks but no thanks , this man ( and whole sld ) must go . 
  if you 're left wing and vote sld ( zlew ) instead of razem - i just ca n't understand that . 
  there were already 2 female prime ministers in poland in last 25 years , how is it `` a sign of social change '' suddenly ? 
  psl is the most consistent party - it 's program is to be in coallition , 
  they had 1 % before media went crazy about them yesterday . 
  i 'd say 5 % is possible now ( and i would much prefer them as the left-wing opposition instead of sld ) . 
  their proposition would decrease taxes for 80-90 % of poles ( that now pay 22 % , and would pay sth between 0 and 22 % - most around 10 % ) . 
  the problem is - would increased taxes for the remaining 10-20 % of workers suffice for the social net they want to build . 
  it 's ok , would learn again , but the spelling system is dumb . 
  i would automaticaly read it as `` ewrop e a n '' if i did n't knew better . 
  e like in `` test '' , a like in `` pass '', 
  even when i know the word in polish and in latin , when i see it in english i still only guess how it 's pronounced , 
  90 % of words i knew how to write and used long before i knew how to pronounce them . 
  because people have no idea how `` european '' sounds before they hear it , because english pronounciation rules are immensely dumb . 
   but if the currency devalues prices should increase because imports get more expensive so this is not really a explanation for the low prices of goods in germany . 
  prices of the stuff you import increase . 
  prices of the stuff you make are ok . 
  it has same result as tarifs . 
   do you imply that germany enjoy fucking up less wealthy countries ? 
  romania enters eurozone , exchange rate on euro slightly falls , for everybody outside eurozone romanian cars gets more expansive and german cars slightly less expansive .
