  i just realized le van d' of ski his while surname is made of prepositions and postifxes . 
  let 's not get ahead of ourselves . 
  there is , and it helps , but it ignores the main russian export - hydrocarbons . 
   but not the ex-comecon ones depends which . 
  poland would be ok .  we are planning on upgrading our nuclear power plant - with russian help . 
  now that 's politically a bad move . 
  why is putin covering up ribbentrop-molotov pact ? 
  russia is always innocent . 
  anyone who says otherways is enemy trying to corrupt you and take your justified pride from you . 
  it 's quite effective . 
  happens in many countries , not only in russia . 
  same shit happens in poland - anybody complaining about antisemitism in ww2 is `` anti-polish '' according to big part of society . 
  prrsuade people that criticizing sth = betraying it , and you 're never going to be criticized . 
  and they are beating blacks , too . 
  i think the weather in mexico can change slightly . 
   not sure why russophiles get so defensive when somebody points that out . 
  because it criticizes putin . 
  i 'm afraid you do n't get to decide once you leave eu . 
  it 's stupid , because no matter if you masturbate or not - your body produces sperm/eggs and disposes of them eventually . 
  it 's argument for constant unprotected sex if anything . 
  he wrote `` fertilized egg '' . 
  i voted razem and i 'm regreting it . 
  they separated themselves from opposition trying to play the `` both government and opposition is bad - vote us '' card . 
  i guess it may give them enough votes to get to parliament next time , but it 's at the cost of leaving all the issues caused by the current government to others . 
  sorry , ca n't support that level of political cynism . 
  it 's insane to treat a few cells without a brain as a human being . 
  last time poland placed new rockets on our territory russian general threathened with nuclear weapons  i wonder if you expect similar reaction . 
  yeah they could have used completely fictional character . 
  but imho these are minor details , and i certainly disagree with people calling this movie `` antipolish '' and all that paranoia . 
  there were hundreds of such small massacress , especially in bia\u0142ystok region . 
  it 's not `` inventing '' , simply not using particular one . 
  which also means mother 's life should be protected by aborting threathening pregnancy  in stupidly formulated polls they get stupid results . 
  they support the ban on abortion on request ( and even then - depends on when and in what conditions ) . 
  the law that is introduced is not supported by most poles . 
  abortion on request is already illegal in poland . 
  do you support forcing a women that has a baby that will die shortly after birth anyway , and the pregnancy threathens mother 's life - to die so that the child has a few hours of life after the mother 's death ? 
  i would need to read how they constructed their random variables . 
  it 's possible to make a random variables from other random variables , and as long as they are independent , and you join them according to rules ( sum them , scale by constant , group by independent factors , etc ) - you should get another random variable that follows central theorem . 
  but they should explain how they did that to be sure . 
  my guess is - they divided the data into voting stations , and grouped them into `` bins '' - each bin is data from all polling stations where turnout was within 1 % . 
  then they summed up votes for each party in each bin , and random variable xn , m = number of votes for party n in bin m . then the turnout is value of yn ( n being different parties ) , and number of votes is just scaled probability of given value . 
  but i would love to see the exact procedure used to arrive to that graph . 
  also you 're wrong about the need for russian voters to be `` homogenous '' . 
  if they were n't homogenoeus ( let 's say voters of united russia are more likely to go to elections and there 's drasticaly more voters of united russia in some regions ) - you would still have to explain why there 's only 2 scenarios in russia - either a region is `` normal '' , or it 's `` huge turnover and huge united russia result '' . 
  if it was n't falsified but just non-uniform - you should also have regions that voted 10 % or 20 % or 30 % for united russia and had very small turnovers . 
  it 's not like russians want democracy anyway . 
   if each voter throws a dice and you have 100m voters , the result is determined , just like the temperature in your room , is n't it ? 
  this is not an event , but a random variable constructed out of many events . 
  and yeas , it 's pretty much determined , exaclty because of central value theorem ( it is a normal distribution with very small standard deviation because of so many independent events summed up ) . 
  and that 's also the reason why these elections are suspicious - they are n't following normal distribution . 
  all the elections results i 've seen - do . 
   x-turn out rate vs. y-number of people voted for particular party that 's not a distribution , it 's just a graph . 
  central theorem does n't apply there . 
  random distribution is always x - possible values of random variable , y - probability of given value . 
   when you point out that europe \u2260 eu , i 'm immediately reminded of people from latin america pointing out that america \u2260 usa . 
  they are right , even if it 's too late . 
  but it 's not too late for eu , it 's very fresh organisation , that 's why i complain . 
  why settle for incorrect terminology ? 
  it 's ( obviously ) not that simple . 
  and belarussias , ukraines , russias , georgias , turkeys , etc. 
  it 's stupid , because eu is like half of europe , and is not only in europe . 
  and eu is shorter than europe . 
  so why use incorrect name ? 
  europe ! = eu . 
   democracy and righteousness are two different things yes , obviously . 
  and crisis of rule of law causes crisis of democracy . 
  people who say `` democracy is in crisis in poland '' mean it is threathened . 
  same as doctor who say `` your health is in crisis because you have high cholesterol '' mean you can have heart attack at any moment , even if you do n't have one currently . 
  or people saying `` crisis in middle east '' when 2 countries send armies to their shared border mean that there is a threat of war , even if there 's no war yet . 
  eot from my side . 
   just for being right-wing they are not even right wing  they do n't care about personal liberty or free market . 
  i would desribe their ideology as christian national socialists . 
  this is stupid semantic argument . 
  people that say `` democracy is in crisis '' think long-term . 
  people that say `` rule of law is in crisis '' think short-term . 
  both are right . 
  without these features ( let 's call them righteousness if you wish ) - democracy ca n't survive long-term . 
  eventually one government or another will just turn into autocracy , like in russia or belarus . 
  because without constitutional safety measures ( like constutitional tribunal , highest court , etc ) - government can change law to ensure they are ruling forever and you ca n't do anything to stop them legaly . 
  they already break constitution and persuaded 30 % of population it 's ok . 
  they of course wo n't write `` new law - no elections '' , it will just be a change of voting law and the method used to count votes to ensure they win . 
  or even if they wo n't - what 's stopping the next government from doing that ? 
  or the next after that ? 
  do you trust there wo n't be one corrupt government in future ? 
  english beat up poles for speaking polish or being polish . 
  complaining about that seems reasonable , do n't you think ? 
  it 's not political issue - both left and right-wing politicians complain about that . 
  government of poland is n't backward ( or at least it 's not the main problem ) , it 's just doing bad things ( destroying constutitional safety measures , breaking constitution , introducing law that allows them to keep people in jail without court decision longer , removing the need for open competition for public jobs , placing incompetent family members of pis politicians in these public jobs , introducing more economic monopolies - for example since recently hazard is monopolized by law , introducing more restrictions to buying and selling land - for example public agency can now stop people from selling farming land from one to another and buy it at a prices it chooses ) . 
  there 's lots of bad laws that the government introduced and people complain , how is it the fault of `` left '' ? 
  by the way - pis government is economic left too - they introduced huge social spending programme , increased taxes ( especially on business ) , and more economic regulations . 
  the only way pis is `` right-wing '' is the fact they have support of polish church and nationalists . 
  but then neither church nor nationalists care much about free market or personal liberty . 
  anti-vaccination organisation members should be sued for indirect murder . 
  pis is not the only government that 's allowed to do irresponsible things . 
  pis is essentially assuming they can act iresponsibly because eu wo n't dare to do anything risky . 
  that 's stupid and the stakes are very high - higher for poland than for eu . 
   and accept they have different opinion on some topics . 
  i do n't doubt they think they are patriots . 
  that 's not the problem . 
  the problem is - they think that gives them right to destroy safety features that are needed for democracy to survive .
