  ' twas then , they say , appeared the kings , and jostled through the gathering dense . 
  for him they brought their offerings : the myrrh , and gold , and frankincense . 
  the frankincense , and myrrh , and gold with rustic gifts he did retain . 
  the word of god in flesh behold , now born to share our life mundane . 
  raise now thy hand , oh child divine , and bless our homeland from the height . 
  by good advice and times benign , support her strength with thine own might : the hamlets , cities and the wold , our houses , and our every gain . 
  the word of god in flesh behold , now born to share our life mundane . 
  i 'm not catholic anymore , but i love this music , and the words . 
  this is the pis march . 
  i was asking for kod march . 
  examples ? 
  cause i was there and it was unusually polite march . 
  do n't remember one vulgar word shouted ( and after acta protests i kinda expected them ) . 
  it 's since the first turn of the presidential elections ( when pis candidate surprisingly got great result , and also kukiz got lots of votes ) . 
  so yeah , it 's not `` last elections '' . 
  but perception of pis government is responsible for that drop all the same ( they propose new taxes on biggest polish and international companies , and huge social net spending increase ) . 
  at this point i think their navigation equipment is just that bad . 
  po have n't broke the law . 
  issuing unconstitutional law is n't breaking the law - that 's what constitutional court is for - both pis and po issued dozens of unconstitutional laws , and tk sorted that out . 
  that 's not breaking the law , the unconstitutional parts are just canceled by tk . 
  but last week , when tk decided pis was wrong with their new `` judges '' - pis decided to not execute tk decision . 
  that is brekaing the law . 
  i 've repeated this 3 times already , try to understand it this time . 
  po did sth bad - i agree . 
  they probably knew their law is wrong , and still introduced it , `` maybe it will pass '' . 
  but that was n't breaking the law . 
  pis is outright breaking the law . 
  as for `` provocations '' '' - paranoia much ? 
  do you remember when kaczy\u0144skis said `` football hools are the best patriots '' ? 
  for comparison - he said `` students are drunk scum '' , and the people that protested yesterday are `` the worst kind of poles '' . 
  he tried to make right-wing extremists vote him , and to participate in pis demonstrations . 
  he succeded , and the result was - their demonstrations were dangerous to environment  and now it 's the fault of `` leftists '' that he decided to use such voters . 
   it is hypocritical . 
  2 illegally voted are already enough to spark such a crisis . 
  read the above post . 
  it 's not hypocritical to expect people to follow the law . 
  and many people enraged by pis were n't po supporters so i do n't see how the hypocrisy would even work in this case ? 
   so you are implying only radical extremists support pis ? 
  i 'm implying kaczy\u0144ski used radical extremist to win . 
  not that all of them are extremist , obviously . 
  but the other guys do n't want to have antyhing in common with extremists . 
  so i prefer them . 
  not true . 
  3 of them were voted legally . 
  2 were n't . 
  all 5 of the judges voted by pis later - were illegaly voted . 
  by the way - voting them illegaly ins ' t the main problem . 
  this can be challanged in the tk and people did it , and tk ( without these 5 judges in question ) decided these 2 were illegaly choosen , and 3 are ok . a lot of unconstitutional laws is made all the time , that 's the purpose of tk to fix it , it 's not the main problem . 
  the main problem is - pis does n't want to execute the tribunal decision , despite the fact that according to the constitution it is `` final and immediately binding '' . 
  this is a crime . 
  also - apparently people protesting pis are just dumb ( `` amplified by opposition '' ) , but when people protested po it was patriots and reasonable people . 
  at least these protesting pis do n't cover their faces and do n't burn monuments . 
  movie from a drone . 
  not the whole march ( it disappears behind a turn ) , but a lot of it . 
  around 03:00 the drone is the highest . 
  https://drive.google.com/file/d/0by2ntgmxgjljvuromvyxnffjwg8/view edit : this is not mine drone , and not my footage , some people from skyscrappercity forum did it . 
  according to police - 70 000 . 
  according to organisators - 50 000 . 
  according to the government supporters - 4000 , 
  according to police - 70 000 . 
  according to organisators - 50 000 . 
  according to the government supporters - 4000 , 
  marsz niepodleg\u0142o\u015bci is a political demonstration almost as much as bo\u017ce cia\u0142o . 
  politicians tried to make it one - true , but i 'm not sure majority there supported these politicians . 
  they had no problem following this constitution last two times they were in power ( as aws together with po , and then as pis in 2005-2007 ) . 
  it 's very funny how pis behaves like they just entered politics , when they were there from 1989 , including mazowiecki government , porozumienie centrum , aws . 
  how is it that po is `` postcommunist scum '' , and pis ( which was the other half of aws ) is `` the good guys fighting communists '' . 
  most of these people have n't voted pis . 
  pis is socially conservative , economicaly socialist . 
  national socialism would be the best label , if not for the unfortunate associations , 
  pis wants to cancel french contract for helicopters for army and buy american ones . 
  this protest is against pis . 
  at least we have protests . 
  but seriously , do you ever have protests in germany ? 
  ca n't remember any serious ( except some greens ) . 
  this is the start . 
  police estimated 10 000 at the start and 70 000 by the end ( near the presidential palace ) . 
  organisators estimated 50 000 . 
  they wait for media permission ? 
  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ebpvj7mjr4s yeah 4000, 
   `` the fact , that pis won elections , does n't mean that they have a right to change the law ! '', 
  well . . 
  they have the right to change the law , but they have to do this in accordance with existing laws , not by ignoring the parts they do n't like . 
  pis had majority because of protest voters . 
  they are losing them now . 
  took them 2 months . 
  you must admit it 's abysmal even by polish standards . 
  i was there . 
  see my photos . 
  https://www.flickr.com/photos/ajuc00/sets/72157659989428833 this is n't 4000 , more like 50 000 . 
  what does it matter who started the demonstration , even if you were right ? 
  do you think all 50 000 people there were from po and psl ? 
  i was on the demonstration and i 've never were in any party , and i voted razem last elections ( because i was fed up with po blunders ) . 
  i hate the way pis is dividing people into pis and po , and defend against any critisism with po did the same '' . 
  could n't care less about po . 
  maybe try to do sth better instead of blaming them for everything ? 
  my photos from the protest : https://www.flickr.com/photos/ajuc00/sets/72157659989428833 i agree to redistributing these , if anyone wants to . 
  these protests were smaller than 50k . 
  i was there , and this one is much bigger : compare ( anti-acta protest in lublin ) : https://www.flickr.com/photos/ajuc00/sets/72157629041344779 today 's protest in warsaw : https://www.flickr.com/photos/ajuc00/sets/72157659989428833/with/23618158011/ of course anti-acta protests in warsaw were also bigger than in lublin , but this one was bigger still . 
  they say they have to `` stretch '' law to decomunize poland .
