   ever since the battle of grunwald battle of grunwald was almost completely forgotten till late xixth century when it became an useful symbol for people resisting germanisation in occupied poland ( also sienkiewicz wrote the book , and there was 500 years anniversary in 1910 that became a huge demonstration of patriotism ) . 
   they are all nuts !, 
  not all , just 80 % . 
  i 'm pretty sure eu citizens were electedi n lithuania before , 
  russia and germany . 
  we 're friends with germany now , but russia never changes : /, 
  in the end pm rules and the rest are for decoration . 
  dumb . 
  chicken soup ( ros\u00f3\u0142 ) . 
  raspberry juice with honey and lemon . 
  milk with honey , lemon jouice and garlic . 
  while sligthly late clock in perfect condition is never right . 
  i do n't know about geopolitic , but his technological prodictions contradict physics . 
  tbh antifa started one clash with onr in lublin . 
  so it happens . 
  i was on anti acta marsh . 
  some dumb nationalists shouted `` raz sierpem raz mlotem '' , and then tried to beat up some '' leftists '' . 
  ca n't make protest without asome dumb people . 
  the only thing they could extract is a lot of heavy metals . 
  mostly lead . 
  with lots of kinetic energy . 
  lublin : lithuanian square ( nobles gathered there for parliament sessions , half of them lithuanians ) , russian street ( near orthodox cathedral ) l'viv street ( street from old town towards l'viv ) vilnius street ( towards vilnius ) , taras shevchenko square , polish-lithuanian union street ( it was signed in lublin ) , tatar district ( during siege tatars stationed there ) czech district ( no idea why ) , a lot of streets named after book heroes ( hamlet , otello , parys , orland , ... ) , paganini street , swedish street , tatar street , upper st mary street , lower st mary street ( was one street before ) probably a lot more . 
  also technicaly pi\u0142sudski and mickiewicz were lithuanians and every city has their streets . 
  they are obvious , and bureaucracy around allowing new users is going to hurt much more than dumb comments , imho just ignore it . 
  dead island , call of yuarez , painkiller , bulletstorm , witcher , the vanishing of ethan carter , this war of mine . 
  i 'd say it 's ok . 
  sounds like a good name for a company exporting paving stone ( bruk ) . 
  they even often have `` spo '' for ek-spo-rt in names , 
  usa could n't even force poland to adopt acta , and it tried to . 
  we 're still allies . 
  sorry , but your opinion is invalid . 
  russia already blackmailed countries with gas , and cut it off . 
  usa have n't , and it has no reason to do that to lithuania . 
  risk has its price . 
  risk of being cut off by russia is considerable ( it already happened a few years ago ) , and it costs a lot . 
  paying more to mitigate risk can be reasonable , depending on the price . 
   dohatrorob i think it means dothraks must enter eu . 
  do n't do capital . 
  it 's not needed in modern age ( see international companies - they have branches all over the world and are more efficient in reacting to new information than most governments ) . 
  internet makes the concept of capital city irrelevant ( and most meetings are just a waste of time anyway ) . 
  put every institution in a different city . 
  much smaller costs ( no need to build many new buildings in a city where prices will go to sky , and to pay every employee salary apropriate fot the biggest city in eu . 
  much less trafic congestion . 
  deconcentralization ftw !, 
   however the reason why it 's doing so well is because they are getting a huge ton of cash from the eu eu money accounts for around 1 % growth of polish gdp . 
  we usually have 2-4 % growth . 
  we had similar growth before 2004 ( entering eu ) , when we got much less money from eu . 
  yes it helps but it 's not the only ( or the main ) reason . 
  i 'd say the main reason is cheap educated labour , and this will also change in the future ( becaue salaries grow as well ) . 
  russia is the formal successor of the ussr . 
  it had no choice , really - the army , military infrastructure , pipelines , etc , that was all over post-soviet states like ukraine , belarus , lithuania , latvia , estonia , kazakhstan , etc in 1991 - would become the property of these states if russia had n't recognized that it is the successor of ussr . 
  of course it would be nice if they also paid the reparations . 
  everybody in europe is a migrant , maybe except for basques . 
  and then , we 're all from africa originally . 
  fun fact : in polish , b\u00f3g is god , poor is ubogi ( at god 's ) , and rich is bogaty ( god-ish ) . 
  everybody 's to blame except for the 2 countries that invaded poland in september 1939 , 
  berlin is a slavic name too , 
  yup . 
  we had marka polska before , but after hyperinflation we moved to a currency 100 % backed by gold , so it was called z\u0142oty ( golden ) . 
  in most countries that would be achieved by leader changing the policy instead of changing what people want , 
  nice . 
  nope , i just like strategies . 
  i thought it was russian ? 
  must have mistaken them with some other rpg company . 
  i 'm listening to this gamedev podcast `` przegrani '' by tomasz gop ( executive producer at ci ) , and he said they developed that game together , i 'm inclined to believe him , 
  i only know about paradox games and minecraft . 
  what 's also from sweden ? 
  why `` just pc '' ? 
  pc is the best platform for games . 
  i mean it 's ok , but the success is all thanks to black marketing . 
  arcanum was very good . 
  forgot about that one . 
  it 's more pr success than gamedev , but still , 
  also dead island , bulletstorm , painkiller . 
  but these are older than 2 years . 
  i agree it 's overhyped , but last 2 years were certainly very good for polish gamedev : - witcher 3 - dying light - vanishing of ethan carter - this war of mine - lords of the fallen - superhot at one point there were 2 polish games in top 10 steam bestsellers . 
  orthodox priests are allowed to have families , just like protestant ones . 
  and catholic ones were allowed too , at some point , except for bishops and such . 
   if you 're in warsaw , it could take you a year to find the right people . 
  it cuts both ways . 
  it 's easier to find people , but they cost much more . 
  also it 's a big city , in a big country , and the kind of skills required for startups are usually found in young people anyway , and learnt from internet , not restricted geographicaly . 
  i do n't think it 's the important part . 
  i do n't think iq differences across races/ethnicities are so significant , that they can explain israel vs eu differences . 
  i think much more important is the amount of non-risk-averse financing available . 
  i know of several polish startups made in silicon valley , simply because it 's much easier to find founding there , than in poland . 
  hungary and croatia ? 
  how ? 
  if 1 person fights a war and the other one does n't it 's still a war , just very efficient one ( see crimea for example ) . 
  so , we 're doing the greece now ? 
  it 's ok if the skin color matches yours . 
  it 's ok if the skin color matches yours . 
  i think the reasoning goes : - po wo n't win the next elections no matter what , it 's not the matter of migrants or any 1 big issue - simply 2 terms make you enough enemies to lose elections , and people do n't remember big issues from the other parties rules - there 's still big enough support for po to be the biggest oposition party if they play this right - no point in persuading pis or kukiz voters and competing for them by becoming more like pis/kukiz ( that was their mistake in presidential elections ) , they wo n't vote po , and po voters may be discouraged from going to elections at all - so they turn to their core liberal voters . 
  it 's true they wo n't won elections with them , but it 's still + -20 % of voters if not more imho it 's quite reasonable . 
  i much prefer it to the idiotic attempts of komorowski ( he tried to persuade people that he is more anti-system than kukiz , while he was the president  ) . 
  i 'm ok with them being banned from eu , 
  call it what you like , poland does n't want gay marriage , life of transsexual people in poland is awful , mostly becouse of regular people acrtively making it bad for them , people debate how much equality there should be for homosexuals , and nobody even considers 100 % equality ( adopting kids ? 
  - no way ) . 
  abortion is ok , as long as you go to czech republic or germany ( and this is called `` compromise '' ) . 
  every pole , no matter religion - pays for catholic education for kids in public schools .
