  `` we have not solved it . 
  but i can see progress from my point of view , and that is already a lot . '' part of the resistance to pietrasiewicz 's project was professional , with opposition from local politicians and pressure groups , and some of it was frighteningly personal . 
  stones painted with swastikas were thrown at his windows . 
  a bomb squad was called to dismantle an explosive device left outside his house , and for years posters were plastered around the city bearing his face , with jewish symbols and anti-semitic threats . 
  `` i was attacked for being a friend of the jews , '' he says calmly . 
  `` it surprised me that what i did awoke so many negative emotions . 
  i knew that there must be people that opposed this but i never thought it would result in aggression . '' pietrasiewicz rejects the notion that he is a hero or celebrity . 
  while his supporters clearly idolise him and his vision , he is uncomfortable talking about himself , steering the conversation back to the project . 
  last month he received the inaugural award created by the polin museum to honour those who work to protect the memory of polish jews . 
  at a moment when eastern europe struggles once again with the idea of multi-ethnic societies , his work in lublin seems especially timely and relevant . 
  `` sometimes i asked myself , ` how important is this ? 
  what am i doing ? ' and i realised that what the nazis wanted to do here was not only kill the jews but erase any trace of them afterwards . 
  if there is evil in this world , it is from this dark utopian idea , '' he says . 
  `` so what i am doing is creating another utopia . 
  looking for names . 
  looking for stories . 
  the forces of darkness and the forces of light , in one place , one archive , hoping that more will be found . '' he looks at the racks of empty files that fill the room and pauses . 
  `` it will never be finished . '' webpage of the institution : http://teatrnn.pl/en/, 
  sixty years old , with bright eyes and a sharp wit , pietrasiewicz works alone every night in the institute from 1am until 7am on his own projects , after which he starts his day job as operations manager . 
  he sleeps from 7pm until midnight . 
  he was born in siedlce , a town two hours ' drive north , and moved to lublin as an infant , later studying in the city . 
  he joined the anti-communist underground movement , working as an editor and printer for samizdat publications while developing a passion for theatre . 
  that led him to the grodzka gate in 1992 , where he had dreams of forming a theatre company in the building . 
  not jewish himself , it was when he stumbled on the history of the gate , and of lublin itself , that he had an epiphany . 
  `` it changed my life , '' he says . 
  `` imagine living here , with no idea of what had happened . 
  nobody ever told me . 
  and then i was hit with this information . 
  every person has turning points in their life , and i had that moment -- whether to create a theatrical institution without any regard for what had happened here before , or to do something about it . '' he collected stories , fragments of memory , diary entries , letters . 
  and a picture began to form of a community expunged from history his problem was that much of the documentary evidence of lublin 's murdered jews had been destroyed along with their homes . 
  in the late 1960s , poland 's communist regime launched a virulent anti-semitic campaign , driving out many of the jews who had managed to survive the holocaust and instilling prejudice among the state apparatus . 
  there were no archives or files in lublin 's library or history museum -- traditional research methods were useless . 
  instead , pietrasiewicz began to talk to people . 
  he collected stories , fragments of memory teased from witnesses , photographs from private collections , letters and diary entries . 
  slowly a picture began to form of a community expunged from history . 
  from those first memories , pietrasiewicz 's mission has become all-consuming . 
  the gate has become one of poland 's most important archives of jewish history . 
  since it opened , 1,600 people have come forward to tell their stories or donate books , diaries or photographs . 
  dozens work on chronicling the history , processing documents , oral transcripts and photographs . 
  marian turski , vice-president of the association of the jewish historical institute in poland , credits pietrasiewicz with building a bridge between an often wide gap separating christian and jewish poland . 
  `` grodzka gate , which before the war was the link between the two christian and jewish cultures , symbolically regained its former function thanks to the work of tomasz pietrasiewicz . 
  it is a place where the memory of a common polish-jewish past of the city is continually cultivated . '' five years ago , a project was begun to create a file for every one of the 1,500 homes that existed in jewish lublin before the second world war . 
  today at least 900 of them are filled with letters , photographs and official documents , each painstakingly compiled by researchers often working with just a name or a fragment from a diary to give them a clue of who lived there . 
  relatives come with just the memory of a street name , or a number , and find out for the first time about the lives of their family members . 
  `` we are creating an ark of memory , to take into the future , '' says pietrasiewicz . 
  the next stage of the archive is even more daunting . 
  pietrasiewicz and his team are creating a file for each of the pre-holocaust city 's 43,000 jewish residents . 
  throughout the centre , everywhere you look there are metal shelves packed with pale green files , or empty ones waiting to be filled . 
  they snake through the exhibition rooms like a thread that ties everything together . 
  it is a powerful sight : impressive for its sheer scale , eerie and unsettling . 
  many of the files contain just a blurred photograph of an anonymous face , some just a name . 
  `` it is a massive process of finding materials , '' pietrasiewicz explains . 
  `` we can take just a single sentence out of a story , a speck of memory . 
  for us it is nn -- ` no name ' : it might be the only trace of that person 's existence and nothing more will be found . 
  this project shows us the tragedy of how little we know about some people , and how we will never know anything of others , '' he says . 
  `` most of them will be empty , no-name files , waiting , maybe , to be filled . '' a medieval building , the centre is cramped and labyrinthine . 
  its stone walls and floors are cold , its ceilings very low in parts . 
  its shape lends itself to the sense of discovery and revelation that pietrasiewicz was sure almost all its local visitors would feel . 
  we are led through the exact room where a young jewish girl was hidden during the nazi occupation , the outlines of her furniture painted in white on its grey floor , like the chalk outline of a corpse at a crime scene . 
  her story ends more brightly : decades later she came to pietrasiewicz and recorded her memories , one of hundreds whose voices fill 5,000 hours of recordings at the centre . 
  article text , part 1 ( because it 's behind a paywall apparently ) : the polish city 's jews were wiped out in the second world war . 
  one man is determined to tell their stories the young boy has a shy smile and neatly combed hair , and his smart-collared shirt is tightly tucked into a pair of flannel shorts pulled up high on his waist . 
  in his striped socks and bright white shoes , this is the last photograph of henio zytomirski , a six-year-old jewish boy . 
  he would be murdered three years later in a gas chamber in the majdanek extermination camp on the outskirts of the city of lublin , in nazi-occupied eastern poland . 
  in a city that for decades had buried its jewish past , this grainy black-and-white image has helped to prise open the lid on a history that many in poland are only just coming to terms with . 
  `` henio was born in 1933 . 
  his father took a photograph of him every year , '' says tomasz pietrasiewicz , the man who discovered henio 's story and who has dedicated the past 20 years to chronicling the lives of lublin 's murdered jews . 
  he flicks through the seven photographs showing the smiling boy getting older . 
  `` and that is the last picture : 1939 . '' henio has become the personification of the holocaust in this eastern polish city . 
  more than 40,000 jews were killed here but for decades that horror was erased from history , buried by repression and forcibly forgotten by a generation of postwar poles desperate to ignore what they had witnessed . 
  `` the places are gone and the people are gone , '' says pietrasiewicz . 
  `` but here , henio is still alive . '' we are standing in the grodzka gate nn theatre , part museum , part library and part cultural institute , where pietrasiewicz , its founder , has painstakingly pieced together the lives of thousands of forgotten people , a mission sparked by the boy with the shy smile who never saw his 10th birthday . 
  the grodzka gate , in which the institute is housed , was built in 1342 . 
  for centuries it marked the division between christian and jewish lublin . 
  to stand under its arch and look out , away from the medieval city walls , is to gaze across an expanse that 75 years ago was one of poland 's most vibrant jewish communities . 
  in 1939 , 43,000 of lublin 's 122,000-strong population were jews . 
  many of them lived in a bustling network of small streets around and between the gate and a 12th-century castle . 
  today , nothing but the gate and the castle remain . 
  a vast car park , flanked on one side by town houses , dominates the view . 
  a small park hugs the base of the castle 's mound . 
  a pizza takeaway , ice-cream shop and taxi rank have replaced a jewish district whose population was systematically eradicated , before the buildings were razed one by one . 
  such was the hurry with which postwar communist authorities smothered this dark history -- less than a decade after the last jews were killed in concentration camps -- that the foundations of the destroyed homes can still be found , buried under the tarmac . 
  walking here , every day , we walk over destroyed streets . 
  we are walking on the burning foundations of houses - tomasz pietrasiewicz `` there were houses , shops , printing houses , synagogues . 
  everywhere you could hear yiddish , '' says pietrasiewicz . 
  `` you have a concrete space here . 
  if you lift it up , you would see the foundations of the houses . 
  but despite this concrete shell , the memories come through . '' the city 's main dual carriageway cuts across the land to the north of the castle , slicing through an area that was once one of the most important jewish settlements in the world , the location of europe 's most senior rabbinical school . 
  every morning , thousands of the city 's commuters drive over the remains of a synagogue built in 1567 and big enough to accommodate more than 3,000 people . 
  used by the nazis to sort jews selected for deportation to death camps , it was burnt to the ground afterwards ; all that remains of it today is a plaque . 
  `` walking here , every day , we walk over destroyed streets , '' says pietrasiewicz . 
  `` we are walking on the burning foundations of houses . 
  it is not a closed history . 
  it is warm . 
  this is not the history of the battle of waterloo but of people still crying , still hurting . '' he stares out over the bleak car park . 
  `` this is not only the disclosure of a forgotten town but it is a reaction to something that is still a moral issue , saving the memory of what happened here . '' . 
  in many ways , lublin was the heart of the holocaust in poland . 
  of the city 's 43,000 jews , fewer than 300 survived there . 
  operation reinhard , the nazi programme to systematically murder all of occupied poland 's two million jews , was headquartered here . 
  the plans for belzec , the first extermination camp , were drawn up and its construction administered in lublin : belzec and the sobibor and treblinka death camps are all less than 200km away .
