  what about this one ? 
  counts ? 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/przytyk_pogrom or maybe it needs to be on particular day of the week ? 
  how about this one ? 
  https://pl.wikipedia.org/wiki/zaj%c5%9bcia_anty%c5%bcydowskie_w_brze%c5%9bciu_nad_bugiem does n't count probably , because one jew killing a pole is good enough justification for other poles to kill as many jews as they like . 
  am i guessing right ? 
  there 's more , and i do n't have time nor patience to put all of them there . 
  you 're no doubt find a way to ignore them on one excuse or another anyway . 
  all the links have sources below the text , if you 're really interested . 
  but i highly doubt it . 
  it 's clear by now you 're not ready to accept the facts you do n't like , discussion is futile . 
   why do all poles the problem is with your assumption . 
  to be honest we also kept many . 
  cities in eastern poland were very much like that , for example lublin or w\u0142odawa ( add a synagogue to the list ) . 
  only the most symbolic orthodox churches , like the ones build under tzar patronage etc were destroyed . 
  still a shame . 
  which ? 
  there were dozens such churches , for example the one in lublin on plac litewski . 
  no palace below it . 
  yes . 
  see for example : https://pl.wikipedia.org/wiki/masakra_w_pi%c5%84sku https://pl.wikipedia.org/wiki/pogrom_w_wilnie btw i 'm somehow not surprised you 've never heard of this . 
  the way they teach xxth century history in poland is abysmal . 
  it 's not the fucking communism . 
  look at pogroms before ww2 and endecja being biggest opposition party . 
  casuality is kinda wrong . 
  we have to stop pretending and deal with this shit . 
  in polihs language \u017byd is ethnicity and \u017cyd is religion , hence the mistranslation i guess . 
  there are much more ukrainians than germans , they just are n't registered . 
  you might as well not exist . 
  i do n't remember when you last appeared in news . 
  dunno why that is . 
  not the whole point ( there was also the simple fact that many russians were working there and they needed the churches ) . 
  but the main point - yes . 
  i still think we should have kept them as historical monuments , maybe turn them into catholic churches if no other way to support them was available . 
   opponents say that this could be he end of democracy in turkey . 
  is there even a doubt ? 
  like - was there ever a leader that did such reforms and did n't became a dictator ? 
  you mean the palace of culture ? 
  nobody cares enough to finance demolition , cleaning up , and building sth else for all the institutions that now use the building . 
  and many ( but not all ) think it 's history - so good or bad you should preserve it . 
  poland in 1918-1939 demolished many symbolic buildings like orthodox churches build by tzar and novadays it 's seen as foolish revange . 
  of course not everybody think that way , but i think majority of people who even care - do . 
  and the palace kinda became a symbol of warsaw by now . 
  so instead the plan is to build huge skyscrappers around it , 
  there 's nothing to lose in case of warsaw after meticulous destruction of the city by germans , and later soviets building socreal and commie blocks everywhere . 
   i 'm not some kind of hippie communist only because you 're not consistent . 
  why should art be exempt from common sense ownership principles ? 
  who decides what is art ? 
  a turd on carpet can be art novadays - so can be everything . 
   nah , i am talking about cultural heritage beyond the profane economic value of an object and then  art is bound to originals decide what is your point . 
  do you care about cultural influence ? 
  it 's obviously not bound to originals . 
  simple experiment to confirm that - do a blind study asking 2 group of people about their experiences looking at mona lisa . 
  half of them the original , the other half - a fake . 
  compare . 
  and honestly - is chopin 's polonais heroique only art on the original manuscript ? 
  is n't it art when rubinstein plays it ? 
  what about listening to the recording on youtube - is that recording not art ? 
  what about other pianists playing it ? 
  your position is self-contradictory and absurd . 
   it 's kinda hard to do the same with the mona lisa and say `` i did this therefore it belongs to me '' what 's hard about that ? 
  see me do it : `` i did it therefore it 's mine '' . 
  no sweat . 
  if it does n't work like that - why are you paid for stuff you do ? 
  it 's not yours anyway , so why the compensation ? 
   i 'm talking about cultural heritage since the invention of computers cultural heritage does n't have any relationship to `` where the art is actually stored '' ( which is the actual subject in question ) . 
  you can see mona lisa in your home at any moment , why does it have to be kept in that particular museum in france ? 
   obliged to share , since art belongs to all of humanity . 
  if that 's the case then surely food , housing , transportation , energy , education , clean water , entertainment belongs to all of humanity as well ? 
  can confirm , i thought it 's my home village for a moment . 
   the bible has n't been involved in any lawmaking in at least 200 years . 
  sadly that 's not true . 
  even great britain jailed alan turing for being gay , and that was after ww2 . 
  and if you correct yourself to `` last 20 years '' you 're still wrong - there 's many laws in usa and poland for example , that were influenced by bible . 
  for one example see the whole `` teaching creationism '' debacle in usa , for another - abortion laws or gay marriages in poland . 
  http://www.wired.com/threatlevel/2012/01/judge-orders-laptop-decryption/ apparently you can . 
  in usa you can be put to jail for this . 
  it 's sad to watch personal rights revoked one by one ... 
  no , my logic is - usa has military power to influence any country on earth , and was working as world policeman since ww2 . 
  russia has power to defend themselves ( mainly because of nukes ) , and to invade nearby countries , but do n't have the power to influence any country on the earth . 
  besides - russia has worse reputation , and is less predictable ( because of putin and friends from former kgb in charge ) . 
  usa has done its share of evil , but in c&e europe countries want to be in alliance with usa , and do n't want to be in alliance with russia ( except belarus ( dictatorship ) and eastern ukraine ) . 
  so russia should n't think of nearby countries as its sphere of influence . 
  regarding russian economy - they have oil . 
  so they are doing great ( oil prices rised ) . 
  but at the same time they have problems transforming to regular democratic country because of that ( no pressure to normalize business conditions etc. 
  no pressure to make economy more efficient ) . 
  i remember in early '90 we had russian goods in shops . 
  toys , tools , etc. 
  now i do n't remember when i last time bought something that was made in russia . 
  except gas and oil of course . 
  i happen to be from poland , where we had shock therapy . 
  it was hard , we had some organized crime , but we made it . 
  russia could , too . 
  blaming external forces ( while not surprising in russia ) is wrong . 
  regarding security - for baltic countries security = membership in alliance . 
  and nato is the most effective currently existing defensive alliance , and one of 2 that can ensure them independence ( the other is alliance with russia , but i can understand why they prefered nato ) . 
  regarding sphere of influence - usa is global hegemon . 
  russia is not . 
  well , yes .
