  not really . 
  there were at most 20 years when we were killing each other , and we were 1 country for centuries . 
  you can also buy compact disk disk ( p\u0142yta cd ) , and digital sth disk disk ( p\u0142yta dvd ) , you listen to radio thanks to frequency modulation modulation ( modulacja fm ) , you use personal computer computer ( komputer pc ) , your tv uses liquid crystal display display ( wy\u015bwietlacz lcd ) , or light emiting diode diode ( dioda led ) and so on , 
  novadays even revolutions are oursourced . 
  herbata zio\u0142owa ( literaly herbal tea ) . 
  tousands of eastern europeans ( mostly ukrainians ) hired in polish regions in first half of 2014 ( pink ) , and first half of 2015 ( blue ) . 
  and half the words are similar , or you can guess where they come from . 
  i am not scared . 
  i think it would be good for poland ( not for ukraine , though ) . 
  why ? 
  they come to work , do n't cause problems ( except for a few individuals who were/will be expeled ) . 
  i wonder how the complaint to the police looked like , 
   who would ever take the western journos seriously after that ? 
  not many here are going to listen anymore . 
  and that 's the problem . 
  sieged castle syndrome . 
  yeah people complain about stupid shit - see polandball portrait of poland to understand it 's not singling out russia . 
  or the `` stadiums of hate '' campaign in uk against poland before euro 2012 . 
  or the gamers gate for completely unpolitical biased and dumb reporting  when this happens it 's easier to be offended and never listen to anything they say . 
  but it 's not wise . 
  it 's much smarter to accept sensible criticism and ignore the dumb one . 
  on case-by-case basis . 
  also - treating `` western media '' as one entity is just stupid . 
  `` he got away with it , and i got caught . 
  it 's unfair so let me free . '', 
  russia is treated like any other country that is n't the us . 
  it is more fucked up than average , so it gets criticized more than average , it 's just fair . 
  the correct response is to start fixing shit , and not to complain and bully neighbors . 
  usa is the only remaining superpower , it gets to do things that others ca n't . 
  yes it 's unfair . 
  still it does n't mean russia should be allowed to invade and annex without consequences . 
  and btw usa was heavily criticized for the iraq and still is . 
  and it have n't annexed any part of it , and backed away since . 
  russians like to think they are more important than for example estonia and should have the right to decide what happens on their `` near abroad '' because of their power . 
  these times are long past , sorry . 
  adapt and behave . 
   it 's pretty far from `` friendship '' in my book . 
  he was making concessions expecting concessions in return . 
  it 's as close to friendship as it gets in international politics . 
   it is the whole country which he seeks to hold responsible for actions of a few . 
  oh please . 
  when you say `` germany won against spain at mundial '' do you mean everybody in both countries were playing ? 
  it 's obvious that he meant the government and the russians shooting people in ukraine . 
  btw in the linked article the phrasing is : `` obama admits that isis , ebola and russian aggression are global crises '' how is `` russian agression on ukraine '' `` blaming all russians '' ? 
  when uk introduces porn filter it gets ridiculed on the internet . 
  when poland is homophobic again - it gets ridiculed . 
  when hungary wants to build a wall against immigrants - people laught at them . 
  when usa spies on everybody - it gets criticised ( and ridiculed ) . 
  russia doing sth stupid and being called on that is n't `` russophobia '' , it 's just how freedom of speech works . 
  it 's good in the long term , even if sometimes people complain about dumb things ( like backwardness of infrastructure in sochi ) . 
  do you seriously think american policy regarding russia before annexation of crimea was anti-russian ? 
  because from my point of view usa was franticaly trying to make friends with russia , and russia was playing indecisive fiance . 
  funny that obama was pushing for `` reset '' in relations with russia for years ( against better judgement of most of eastern europe ) . 
  he wanted to be friends with russia to help with middle east and china . 
  he backed of on missile defense in ee ( enraging allies that helped usa in iraq and afghanistan ) to make russia happy . 
  what could have made him change his mind about russia , i wonder . 
  what 's wrong with sex ? 
  uh , right , somehow i assumed it 's czechs praising their haczyks again , 
  if you prefer '' \\ ^ '' , why is your country called '' ** cz ** ech republic '' ? 
  be more divided , eu , please . 
  ftl violates causality . 
  if you believe it 's possible you have to abandon casual thinking ( like x happened before y therefore y could n't cause x ) . 
  if you want to do so - no problem , but then there 's no point arguing about it using our dumb primate brains that think in casual terms . 
  for one thing if ftl is possible we can start developing ai after aliens invade us and send them back in time . 
  ftl is impossible , so the chance we will ever meet is negligible . 
  simple one-purpose ai is used everywhere and will be used even more , nothing wrong with that . 
  this includes killer-drones and all that . 
  developing general , self-improving ai on the other hand - that will probably mean the end of our civilization , and it does n't matter whether it will start as military project conneted to nuclear missiles , or as ai for innocent game `` my little pony adventures '' . 
  once it is smarter than we are - it will get free , singluarity comes , and we are its pets in the most optimistic scenario . 
  so yeah - i agree with elizer yudkowsky on this one - we should n't try to create general ai untill we know we can make it `` provably friendly '' . 
  it 's scary that we will most probably be able to create general self-improving ai long before we will know how to make it `` friendly '' . 
  people living in glass houses should n't throw stones . 
  in ppp you were already richer . 
  but it 's better to compare in real numbers , not ppp , and in these terms slovenia is richer still . 
  you thought wrong . 
   czech republic gdp per capita : 19,844.76 usd ( 2013 ) slovenia gdp per capita 23,289.34 usd ( 2013 ) sources : world bank , through google interface, 
  how many food producers there are in france ? 
  why is their interest ( higher prices for food ) more important than well being of everybody else ( lower food prices ) ? 
  it 's the richest of slavic countries per capita . 
  it has nice coast . 
  it does n't border russia . 
  what 's not to like ? 
  please stop using these lamps http://o1.fbl.pl/w640/o2/201303/41/147622233.jpg, 
  `` never '' in politics means `` pay more '' . 
  one one hand it seems absurd in france on the other - it 's less than 1/1000th of a day per person per year . 
  differences in paid vacations and holidays between countries are on the order of several days for comparison . 
  that 's the dumbest shit i 've read on reddit today . 
  so she did have sth in common with jp2 . 
  there were people atacking them for `` antipolonism '' . 
  mi\u0142osz was also close to communist party at some point , got lots of criticism . 
  one right wing minister of education even tried to take them down from schools ' reading list . 
  but yeah , people protested , nothing happened . 
  sorry , deleted my post cause i misunderstood the mechanism . 
  it 's guaranted with cash apparently . 
  standard of live is still worse in poland than in greece . 
  same with most other post-2004 eu members . 
  still - the way government phrased this , and the title of this reddit thread is very misleading . 
  see https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/3e7u3v/poland_will_not_pay_a_penny_for_greece_poland/ctcgj03, 
  great britain embassy in poland has these cheesy `` art is great ... britain '' , `` science is great ... britain '' posters on their fence . 
  every time i pass them i feel the urge to print a poster `` censorship is great ... britain '' and put it there too .
