  it 's not majority , but it 's there . 
  - hey , scotland , do n't leave , or you will have to re-apply for eu membership . 
  - ok - you know what , fuck it , we 're leaving eu anyway master-level trolling . 
  sikorski and rostowski about cameron , a few years ago :  `` you know , his whole strategy of feeding them scraps in order to satisfy them is just as i predicted , turning against him ; he should have said , fuck off , tried to convince people and isolate [ the sceptics ] . 
  but he ceded the field to those that are now embarrassing him . '', 
   the politicians voice their concerns about britain leaving the eu , with rostowski saying that a `` brexit '' would be `` not especially good for us , generally bad for us , because we would like for great britain to stay . 
  i think it 'll be the case that [ cameron ] will lose the elections . 
  great britain will leave . '', 
   he then appears to imply that he believes britain will keep its borders open to eu migration : `` once they do , they 'll keep open borders . 
  not for beggars [ ... ] in the sense that they wo n't let in gypsy beggars . '', 
  http://www.theguardian.com/politics/2014/jun/23/polish-mps-ridicule-cameron-stupid-propaganda-eurosceptics it does n't help that sikorski and tusk did the same with pis ( left them the poland on a platter ) . 
   independent scotland would n't even come close to qualifying for consideration to join the eu . 
  moldova can and scotland ca n't ? 
  why ? 
  moherowe berety is only small part of eurosceptics . 
  i mostly worry about the young , `` surge polonia '' demographics . 
  all in all - a good thing . 
  it will show eurosceptic poles why it 's a dumb idea . 
  always better to learn from others ' experiences . 
  more like new ireland . 
  which is good as well i think ? 
  also we have our own trump in power ( pis ) : / usa was not happy with that so pis had to buy their support . 
  they should 've been admited . 
  if eu even exists in 10 years . 
  but knowing the stereotypes and priorities of western europe - i doubt it will be admited . 
  by itself ? 
  together with `` if uk leaves it would have to pay about as much for the access to eu market anyway '' - yes it does . 
  per capita, 
  he had alliance with ussr as well  eventually it would be a war . 
  it 's the logical next step after conquering the continent . 
  it 's not like hitler would 've left them be if he had the whole europe . 
  yeah chamberlain was so helpful for czechs and slovaks in 1938 , 
  i find it funny that czech republic is small recipient of polish exports , yet when someone complains it 's always them . 
  yeah you can buy shit quality food in poland . 
  you can also buy very good food in poland . 
  in general both are very cheap relative to other countries . 
   they 've got all the power to prevent it . 
  how ? 
  services follow business . 
  some of them at least . 
  all that business relocating from uk must move somewhere . 
  ireland is closer than poland from uk . 
  people say they 've seen weird white-haired guy with 2 swords walking by . 
  ussr thought it was tanks , not ideology . 
  putin is a shortcut . 
  it means `` the fsb ( formerly kgb ) gagents that run russia '' . 
  kill putin and they will just put the next one in power . 
  you pay us 50 % of some investment costs , we loan the other 50 % , and pay your companies to build us a motorway . 
  then you can deliver your goods to us cheaper and compete on polish arket , and you can also hire our unemployed to work for your companies for 50 % of the salary in netherlands , so that you can sell your products cheaper everywhere ( but r&d , management , etc stay in netherlands ) . 
  win-win so far . 
  the problem is - poland needs its own big companies , to become self-sufficient , do innovation , and sto brain-drain . 
  it 's slowly happening ( cd projekt red , solaris , black red white , asseco , eleader , ursus ) but it takes time . 
  but from your pov it has the benefit that we will become net eu budget payers by that time . 
  i was n't defending polish interwar policy ? 
  i quite dislike both pi\u0142sudski and dmowski policies after regaining independence . 
  especially dmowski . 
  mostly for the persecution and dumb riga treaty . 
  but : eagles did signed a treaty promising to help, 
  i still do n't understand how it 's possible for ukaine . 
  in 20014-2015 hundreds of tousands of ukrainians came to work/study in poland . 
  who filled that gap ? 
  maybe it 's because they used population of non-occupied regions , and added people migrating from occupied regions ? 
  between 1939 and 1945 poland lost 1/6th of population . 
  compared to that a few percent economic migration is nothing . 
  populist in power . 
  same as in poland . 
  on the contrary i detect higher levels of trust and security in atmosphere thanks to the exercists . 
  it 's just france . 
  i agree , but just to add to your point - right and far right is targeting their critics just as well , when they have enough media power ( and for example in poland they have now ) . 
  that would be a net benefit . 
  but i think it will go the other way . 
  `` no virtual women were harmed in making of this game '' . 
  so , french government knows what it means for a women to be `` positive '' . 
  good job fighting these gender roles , french government . 
  am i guessing correctly that games where women are murdered will be discouraged ? 
  so that you can kill random male npcs in millions no problem , but when one women npc is threathened it 's a big deal ? 
  that 's how you get the `` damsel in distress '' trope . 
  and it 's exactly the wrong way to increase equality in games . 
  and if positive image is encouraged , then i guess no evil or weak women , no female villians , no mistreated women , no women mistreating others . 
  so no games about real world family issues , no realistic games set in times historicaly bad for women ( most of them were ) . 
  instead we will have a few sweet to the point of making you sick stereotypes repeated over and over . 
  the right way would be to have games where women , like men , fill the whole spectrum of possible characters and plot/gameplay roles . 
  but that would be sexist obviously ... yeah , i 'm frustrated about that . 
  i thought games evolved as a medium beyond this stupid simplistic stereotypes . 
  he was a good war leader , but a bad politician . 
  austrians fucked up poland together with muscovy and prussia shortly after . 
  would be much better for poland to ally with ottomans against muscovy and hapsburgs . 
  fun fact - jadwiga official title was `` king '' despite the fact she was a woman , because in polish queen was just a wife of the king . 
  it 's like hilary will be a president not a first lady if she wins ( and bill will be the first lady i guess  ) . 
  but it was close . 
  rivendell ireland was the shire . 
  works both ways . 
  so , i 'm 32 . 
  am i communist , or is my father communist ? 
  sorry , i mixed it up . 
  i meant 1921 , but we only sold belarus and ukraine then . 
  interwar poland was n't saint by any measure ( we sold lithuania , belarus and ukraine to soviets after winning a war together with them against ussr ) . 
  and we captured vilnius from lithuania . 
  but that particular piece of land poland took from czechoslovakia in 1938 ( zaolzie ) - was captured by czechs from poland when poland fought against ussr . 
  not a clear-cut evil , but still a dick move by poland , and what 's much worse - very stupid diplomacy .
