   but who 's to say the russian people will turn and blame putin and the oligarchy for that . 
  their media will portray it as the west imposing harsh economic sanctions against them . 
  it will portray the eu/usa as the aggressors and ordinary russians the victims ( no doubt putin the strongman saviour ) . 
  and for what the russians might ask ? 
  for saving ethnic russians from an illegitimate ukrainian government ( think of they would phrase this ) ? 
  yeah , he can try north korean solution , but i doubt it will work on russians . 
  russians are n't stupid , just want stability and prosperity over freedom . 
  and they can see it in nearby countries if they want , unlike north koreans . 
  that was the attitude of 90 % of poles ( me included ) even year ago . 
  now putin made most of them change opinion . 
  russia wants to have neighbor countries in its sphere of infuence . 
  i think they gave up on poland ( at least for now ) , but not on ukraine . 
  and being in russian sphere of influence means you 're authoritharian shithole with huge corruption and no perspectives . 
  we export more to czech republic than to russia . 
  export to russia is peanuts compared to what poland must spend on army because of russia , and what poland could gain by free trade with ukraine . 
  russia is banning our exports and business regulary ( every few years it 's either meat or apples or milk or polish truck drivers , or whatever - now at least they really have reason with the meat , but it 's exception ) . 
  and po government was the most pro-russian government since sld ( post-communists ) - all they gained was that the ban for one kind of food was lifted , and another one started next year or so . 
  the problems is with different views of russia - even in poland most people in 2007 thought russia is a normal country now ( well , except for no democracy and occasional russian general telling poland that their nukes are targeting us  ) . 
  then they did georgia . 
  still most poles thought it was one-time stuff . 
  far away and sakashvili should n't allow them to provoke him anyway . 
  most poles ( me included ) joked about kaczy\u0144ski flying to georgia and `` saving it '' . 
  we thought he was too russophobic and romantic , and that novadays it 's not how you do politics . 
  and now it seems kaczy\u0144ski was right , or at least closer to being right than the people that laughed . 
  russia is n't normal country , it 's not just russophobia . 
  see germany - 60 years ago poles hated germany as much as russia if not more . 
  now we 're buddies . 
  germany does n't invade countries , it 's stable , democratic , you can do business with them . 
  belarus is n't democratic , but it at least does n't invade others . 
  it 's ok . russia is n't . 
  what can he lose ? 
  and it 's also radioactive , but it 's only a problem if you see it in tv . 
  i love germans . 
  stop nuclear energy cause fukushima . 
  stop shale gas cause ecology . 
  and then you have to burn more coal but that 's ok , 
  i 'm for sanctions . 
  if you warn somebody and sign treaties and promise you will protect somebody else , and try to limit the armament , and stop the nukes proliferation , and when someone says `` check '' you do nothing - it 's suicide . 
  we will have every small country feeling threated trying to get nukes asap . 
  why count on nato or un or international law - see how ukraine got fucked by them all . 
  it 's huge setback to world peace and in the long term to survival of human race on earth ( yeah , sounds pathethic , then imagine world where every middle-to-big country has nukes , how long we will have to wait till some are stolen and used by madman/terrorists/as a pretext ) . 
  i do n't see anything morally wrong with sanctions against russian government or companies ( these are state companies anyway , and their owners have to work with putin to be rich - they ca n't have clean hands ) . 
  why would morality care where people buy their stuff from ? 
  if anything it 's morally better to buy stuff from countries without authoritarian government , countries that does n't spend 4 % of gdp on weapons while their citizens are drinking themselves to early death . 
  i have nothing against russians , but i 'd like them to finally get their shit together and choose a sane democratic government for a change . 
  and do n't invade negihbors . 
  a little more late , actualy : http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/miros%c5%82aw_hermaszewski, 
  it 's awkward to warn somebody not to do what is already done . 
  he does n't care . 
  that will teach them . 
  i guess they want you to see them , otherways they would n't put the warning signs `` watch out !, 
  mines ! '' . 
  it 's ueful cause it makes you less likely to attack them . 
  https://pbs.twimg.com/media/binjwrhcuaabeax.jpg:large source : https://twitter.com/evgenyfeldman/status/442277835302916097/photo/1, 
  nothing 's better for civilians safety than a good minefiled, 
  someone said that the future fascist will be anti-fascist , 
  meat is a human right !, 
  what 's wrong with klitchko past ? 
  klitchko was training in polish kick-boxing club gwardia warszawa when he was young ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/wladimir_klitschko#amateur_career ) . 
  so putin got it right - we 've been training leaders of majdan , 
  same women protesting in different cities of ukraine as `` russian minority in ukraine '' . 
  camera seems to like her , 
  must be in poland . 
  as long as france wants to sell ships to russia and eu wants to buy cheap gas then yes - they can . 
  btw - this whole shit basicaly guarantees pis wins next elections without problems . 
  and republicans in usa probably too . 
  killing people indeed make them less agressive . 
  the part about better armour is certainly not in comparison to any main battle tank , not even our old t-72s . 
  this is an ifv or light tank vehicle , not a tank , because with such weight you just can not offer protection comparable to regular tank . 
  theorethicaly poland together with ukraine could stop russian land army ( at least the part of it that would come there ) for a long time . 
  the problem would be with air superiority . 
  anyway nato wo n't allow poland to do anything , because that would mean nato-russia war if anything goes wrong . 
  yep . 
  so make it 10 years . 
  yeah we would n't want russia to become aggressive . 
  so they ask for exteritorial corridor again ? 
  no way , 
  better to allow ukraine te be slowly annexed , and have the same discussion in 5 years about lativa or estonia ? 
  people speculate putin got cancer or something and wants to go with bang . 
  out t-72s are theorethical too . 
  soem of them wo n't even start probably . 
  on the other hand pt-91s and leopards are in good shape . 
  considered them , but have choosen f-16 . 
  personally i think it was better choice . 
  gripens are ok from the aerodynamic point of view , but the avionics , radar and available ( already integrated ) weapons are much better for f-16 . 
  like they do n't know that . 
  25 % gdp of russia comes from export . 
  and most of consumer stuff comes from import . 
  they should tremble . 
  regarding ww3 and other such idiotic ideas - wo n't happen . 
  unlike serbs , that automaticaly support russia and hates everything russia hates , 
  it should . 
  but from what i heard germany wants to send schreder out of all the politicians to negotiate with russians . 
  the same schreder that took bribe from russia for the nord stream : /, 
  yup . 
  georgians allowed russians in separatist regions to provoce them and the west said `` your fault '' . 
  ukraine wo n't make same error . 
  the west will still fuck them most probably . 
  the cheap gas is more important ... 
  recipe for ideal country : 1 . print money , pay to dig holes and fill them back = zero unemployement 2 . do n't report crime in media = zero criminality,
