  yup , kod marches have lots of eu flags along with polish ones and they are pro-eu . 
  do n't forget masons and gays . 
  but the funny thing is - pis is n't even extreme right-wing  they are socialists with conservative social views . 
  nobody in kod wants that . 
  unconfirmed ! = exaggerated, 
  kod - po has in poland the same relationship as catholic church - pis . 
  they support each other but it 's not fair to say one = the other . 
  yes . 
  also anti-terrorist act that restricts civil liberties , and stricter regulations on farming land and forests trade . 
  also libel laws for historians . 
  basically against everything pis does , 
  according to socialist conservative pis and their supporters - they are right-wing , and everybody who opose them are `` leftist '' . 
  just a quirk of polish political scene , i reccomend to substitute meaningless labels for left and right anyway ( for example `` blue '' and `` orange '' ) - it makes for less biases and misconceeptions . 
  numbers not confirmed , like all the manifestations ever . 
  still obviously a huge manifestation , bigger than the previous ones . 
  your point ? 
  timothy snyder deserves to at least be heard , he is one of the best western writers on c&e european history ( bloodlands , and reconstruction of nations are great books , possibly the best on that subject ) . 
  let 's all vote on brexit then , 
  my point was n't - `` they are evil because they are like a virus '' . 
  my point was `` here 's the evolutionary reason why they are doing these evil things '' . 
  and ostracism towards innocent people ( kgbt for example ) is clearly evil . 
   having more kids is a natural state of living organisms it 's not . 
  there are many reproductive strategies , from `` spray and pray '' , to `` have few kids but reduce risks for them '' . 
  some species eat their kids when they have too many . 
  and anyway `` natural '' ! = `` good '' , and `` unnatural '' ! = `` evil '' . 
  it 's natural for some spiders to eat their mates . 
  male cats have spikes on their penis because strong pain induces ovulation in female cats . 
  is it good ? 
  it 's certainly natural . 
  it 's natural for aids and malaria to kill people . 
  it 's natural for sick people to die . 
  so - why is being `` natural '' even an argument when it comes to morality ? 
  i 'm pretty sure if spain left eu eu would support independence for catalonia too . 
  religions are like viruses - they need hosts to survive . 
  so the ones that encourage more kids ( and more strict religious upgringing to prevent `` curing '' ) are more succesfull in the long run . 
  so - most discourage anticonception and homosexualism . 
  good luck hungarians . 
  these are the only 2 posible outcomes . 
  well , it 's `` flowery-one '' . 
  maybe flowers appear later in czech republic , 
  yeah , and that 's all fault of current government , which has like 30 % support right now ( despite unporecedented level of social spending ) , and just 2.5 more years to go . 
  let 's just imagine they are our mistake . 
  every country has right to their bush or trump . 
  what all this has to do with polish-usa relations , though ? 
  po ( previous , very pro-eu government ) had good relations with usa as well , and even postcommunists from sld did ( to the point of letting them put cia prison in poland :( ) . 
  usa in poland is seen as ( sometimes quirky , but still useful ) world policeman . 
  i 'm actually very anti-pis , never voted them , protested on the streets against them , and i still think highly of americans . 
  so i wonder - why do you think all these facts are related ? 
   you can check the trust ratings of other countries towards the us . 
  they have pretty good reputation in poland . 
   ( quebec and mexico ) are generally thousands of miles away . 
  i thought they have this melting pot going on ? 
  pis making idiots out of themselves ( and poland as a side effect ) - part 103 . 
  so , i should care for people terrorists wants me to care about that i would n't care for otherways because terrorism is fucked up ? 
  i think your logic is weird . 
  the main difference is - russia just 20 years ago conquered the country and gave away the power there to a corrupt friend of putin with terrorist past . 
  that 's a long shot from your hypothetical situation . 
   he 's saying earth would be warming up regardless of human activity , and that the effect of man-caused co2 emissions on climate is minimal . 
  and he 's wrong . 
  in unrelated news cigarette producer says smoking is actually healthy . 
  * some, 
  pink is female , blue is male . 
  it 's funny because the biggest pink area in poland is rural lublin region . 
  can confirm - lublin 's full of single women , 
   the influence of communists on the modern elite of poland the last time actual communists had any influence on poland was in 2003 when sld was in power . 
  i guess you could mean singular guys totally dependent on pis or po , like piotrowicz or przy\u0142\u0119bski but they have no influence whatsoever . 
  i 'm all for letting them go , but to claim some post-communist conspiracy is just dumb , it 's the post-solidarity politicians that rule poland , and they fuck things up on their own . 
  as for elections - i 'm quite sure pis will mess with the electoral law to win them . 
  and nobody can stop them because they dismantled constutitional tribunal . 
   already think that democracy in poland is really endangered but it fucking is , that 's the point . 
  constutitional court is paralised , the institution that 's supposed to control neutrality of public media is owned by government party , general persecutor is pis member , in media there 's campaign against independent judical system so that pis may nominate their own judges for the krs . 
  kaczy\u0144ski is not dictator , but he 's slowly turning poland into authoritharian country . 
  the whole idea of one guy keeping all legislative and executive power without any responsibility is already a problem , and then add all the thing they make to also own media and courts . 
  by `` half '' you mean less than 10 % , 
   if i had a dirt on my shirt , i would n't run around , showing people , how nasty it is . 
  if you had 30 % of your country destroying it for the rest would you complain ? 
  public tv recently canceled already confirmed invite for opposition member szczerba for tv debate because ( quote from their sms ) `` pis bureau decided they wo n't participate with debate with you so you 're not invited '' . 
  this is public tv , paid by taxes . 
  and government decides who can be invited to it ... current pis is much worse than any of the government we had last 25 years when it comes to media freedom . 
  another example - tvp rarely invites anybody from opposition . 
  comparison from one show red - government , green - opposition , left - before pis ( when they claimed it was extremely biased ) , right - after pis ( when they claim it 's `` true pluralism '' ) . 
  http://x3.wykop.pl/cdn/c3201142/comment_jm89xilk9ciurkfemcmz6ppagc3kkrii.jpg below is a table with all political shows from tvp , polsat , tvn , and tvp before pis . 
  rz\u0105d-opozycja = government - opposition , rz\u0105d - reszta = government - the rest . 
  net loss to germany , net profit to poland . 
  spiegel 's got nothing on tvp since that guy 's party got power . 
  i have n't seen such obvious propaganda in poland since 1989 . 
  and waszczykowski is just stupid . 
  he invited venice commision to poland to prove that there were no detoriation of civil rights and the rule of law , and when the commision said there were - he first said the opinion was in fact favourable , and later when it was obvious it 's not - he accused the commision of being `` leftist '' and biased . 
  he recently said the he has `` expertises '' saying the elections of donald tusk as the head of the european parliament were `` falsified '' , but have n't specified what he meant till this day . 
  before these elections he insisted poland is n't isolated in eu and they have allies . 
  after the elections his government lost 1-27 he said it proves eu is not democratic . 
  in the meantime the `` allies '' he meant ( orban ) said he wrote a letter to polish pm that he wo n't vote against tusk . 
  but neither pm nor waszczykowski said anything about this letter . 
  they instead said most of the 27 countries were forced by germany to vote tusk . 
  and the list goes on and on . 
  when he was a diplomat in iran he started initiative for polish embassy to be a proxy between american and iranian diplomats . 
  he did n't informed polish government , nor american government about it , just went to iranian embassy directly . 
  there was a scandal . 
  he accused tusk in one interview of `` being responsible for refuge crisis and brexit '' , `` not doing anything for poland '' , and that `` his possition is strictly representative , he ca n't do anything , so we do n't need to vote him '' . 
  oh , by the way - his party put former pis member kurski as head of public media and he immediately fired lots of journalists and demanded that the media present `` government pov '' .
