   nursing and education are not as high earning as most think . 
  who thinks it 's high-earning ? 
  governing a country that just had 30 % depression in one year and 27 percent point unemployement hike is not pleasant . 
  half the popularity of pis is thanks to their social programmes . 
  polish exports to eu is 33 % of gdp . 
  eu funds is around 1-3 % of polish gdp depending on year and eu budget . 
  around 5 000 000 people in poland work in industry . 
  most of that is export to eu . 
  that 's around 1/3rd of the working population . 
  33 % unemployement sounds just great . 
  37 % of the 50 % of poles with active voting rights that participated in elections . 
  yeah , that 's how the system works , but all i 'm saying is - do n't sell it as actions against poland because many people will try to defend poland against evil eu , and call everybody who do n't like pis - traitors . 
  it 's counterproductive . 
  against polish government , not poland . 
  thanks . 
  pis in 2007 and now is a completely different party . 
  that 's why many reasonable people like marcin meller or jadwiga staniszkis were saying before last elections `` do n't scare people with pis , they are a normal party '' , and now regret and say sorry . 
  and they had difficult position with 2 very inconvenient coallition partners , and polls giving them more seats . 
  it 's nothing like the current situation . 
  they have all the power they want except for changing the constitution . 
  obviously there will be electons , but they will make them in a way , that only pis victory can happen . 
  no matter what it takes . 
  becuse when they lose duda , szyd\u0142o , kempa , mazurek , ziobro and many others go to jail . 
  and kaczy\u0144ski has to give up playing revange . 
  so yeah , if they can just buy votes with social spending they will . 
  but if it wo n't suffice they will use the powers they now take over - to repeat the elections if needed . 
  or just to falsify them and say it was all ok . you do n't take over courts if you are n't planning to use them . 
  and if you have absolute power , like kaczy\u0144ski will have soon - you do n't just give it away . 
  and they wo n't fairly win all future elections , so this all will happen , eventually . 
  just need to wait for when they need all the power they accumulate now . 
   kaczy\u0144ski could rape a little girl on tvp2 and still will be having tons of people to support and defend him i can see it now . 
  `` the girl was a postcommunist child , her grandpa was in wehrmaht , and soros gave her sweets for saying i raped her . 
  also po raped 6 year old girls . 
  besides , the girl supported muslim imigration , so she would have been raped anyways , better by me than by these beasts . 
  and now she can get 500 + , so what 's the harm ? 
  cursed soldiers raped too , btw , and we established they were the heroes '', 
  kaczy\u0144ski should know better , because he talked with his brother during that flight , before it crashed . 
  it takes some serious delusion to blame this shit on conspiracy when you know from first hand how fucked up it was . 
  they have smaller fields suddenly . 
  at first they were both center right , po was slightly more liberal on social issues and economy in theory , but in practice pis was slightly more liberal on economy thanks to zyta gilowska ( one of the very few good pis politicians , sadly she died already ) . 
  in the elections pis and po first won together against postcommunists sld collapsing because of corruption scandal . 
  and everybody expected them ( pis and po ) to form a coallition , because their programs were almost the same , they both came from solidarity and aws party that was a continuation . 
  but they drifted away , partly because pis had slightly more votes , and decided to make a coallition ( very controversial at the time ) with far right lpr and left populist samoobrona instead of po , to avoid sharing power with similar big party . 
  this only lasted 2 years and ended with premature elections because of many crisises in the government ( abusing power to wiretap opposition and journalists , corruption and sex scandals in samoobrona , and pis believing polls that gave them more votes if they do elections ) . 
  they did and po won  then came 8 years of losing all elections , and smole\u0144sk crash , and jarek was the more populist and cynic brother of the two . 
  so they turned into this populist far-right and socialist mix . 
  if you compare quotes of pis from 2006 and now it 's the complete opposite . 
  they praised rule of law and how good our institutions are , denied any `` conspiracy '' during round table talks with communists in 1989 . 
  now it 's all `` courts are postcommunists and judges are defending these murderers and traitors '' . 
  but before each elections pis hides all the controversial politicians and pretends it 's the same old center-right party to get more undecided votes . 
  former government asked him to fly in a separate plane as procedures require . 
  president declined , and decided to organise the flight himself ( with his chancelor ) . 
  in 2008 during russian invasion of georgia president kaczy\u0144ski ordered pilot to land in tiblisi during russian shelling of the city . 
  pilot decided not to , because of security reasons ( and he had the right to override presidential order in such case , despire president being his superior in military hierarchy ) . 
  pilot was later attacked by pis for `` cowardice '' in media . 
  government ( which was a t the time the other party - po ) gave the pilot a medal . 
  the pilot who crashed in smole\u0144sk was a copilot during that incident in georgia . 
  there are black boxes from smole\u0144sk crash with pis-supporting general b\u0142asik ( who should n't even be in the pilots ' cabine according to law ) saying `` do n't worry , land , you have plenty of space '' , and in the background you can hear automatic warnings `` terain ahead , pull up '' . 
  they disabled the warnings , because they thought it 's miscalibrated , because the airport was n't prepared for landing in such fog . 
  the warnings were correct . 
  russian controllers asked them to fly to a different airport , but they were in hurry , so they insisted on landing . 
  russian controllers should have just forbidden them to land , but political pressure won . 
  russian controllers are at fault a little , but the main problem was the disregard pis had to all procedures and safety . 
  he introduced minor change , the law is still breaking the constitution , and only slightly lessens the decrease of independence of courts . 
  10 out of 25 members will still be chosen by parliament using regular majority , judges that are n't approved with 3/5 majority will stay until another one is approved ( so in the worst case - forever ) , and if the law is signed in the order they now want to do ( supreme court act before krs act and presidential correction ) - it will allow pis to swap out the judges they do n't like , and only then will introduce the 3/5 rule . 
  still a better act than the previous one , but not enough to stop the protests . 
  not even close . 
  yes . 
  yesterday they called protesters `` defenders of paedophiles and alimony-payers '' . 
  that 's the problem - orban will keep poland so he 's no longer the main problem for eu . 
  very profitable strategy for hungary , very bad for poland in long-term . 
  it 's officially center-right . 
  on social issues it 's conservative , but in economic issues it 's very socialist . 
  more socialist than post-communists party sld . 
  the best fitting label is national socialists imho . 
  the changes only apply to 15 out of 25 members of krs . 
  they are still against the constitution and they would be illegal without changing constitution . 
  also if pis first signs the unconstutitional law and then president 's correction - they will first swap whoever judge they do n't like , and then make it harder for others to swap them back . 
  the whole law is bad , it should be redone from scratch , not fixed in hurry . 
  there 's no hurry . 
  unless the only point is to keep kami\u0144ski pardon . 
  parliamentary on autumn 2019 . 
  if there will even be elections at all  there will also be local and presidential elections before that . 
  studying law in soon to be autocracy . 
  now that 's a good career choice , 
  varying between 27 and 40 % , recently it grew to almost 40 % ( for pis and de-facto coallition kukiz party ) , but probably after last few days it will go down a little . 
  anyway with 40 % + they will have over 50 % in parliament most probably . 
   nevertheless , nearing 2015 tvp somehow managed to become much worse than tvn , and by the time elections came it was on a firm trajectory towards reaching bias levels comparable with the currently existing ones . 
  oh please . 
  you 're just biased as fuck . 
  in this thread you have dozens examples of extreme bullshit propaganda by pis . 
  show me one such extreme propaganda from tvp before kurski . 
  how many political programs were there then in tvp ? 
  if i remember correctly 4 - po\u015bpieszalski , lis , ziemkiewicz , wildstein . 
  how is 50 % tokenism ? 
  edit : wrong , lis was in polsat . 
  so it was 66 % for opposition . 
  tokenism ? 
  and even if i forgot about 98 and it was actually 1 % - in tvp now it 's 0 % . 
  the change from 0 to 1 is infinite progress .
