  i do n't love organisations . 
  coffee on sunday ? 
  you animals !, 
  stalin solved that particular problem ( by exporting all germans from there after ww2 ) . 
  there is a video linked . 
  are you suggesting it 's cgi ? 
  according to pis you are waiting to do another partition of poland . 
  well , you see , pis would love to do that , but they ca n't exactly do that and still insist on bigger usa involvment in eastern europe , permanent nato bases in poland , etc. 
  or can they ? 
  waszczykowski ( foreign matters ministry ) did pretty ridiculus stuff , and i 'm not sure what is possible anymore . 
  it 's funny to see them trying to twist increasingly ridiculus situation to suit their narrative . 
  well , it would be funny if it was n't 25 years of building of polish image and international reputation going to drain in 6 months : / it 's still my country we 're speaking about . . 
  so the hardcore bigoted response for internal use will probably be thorugh their vassal - father rydzyk and his radio/tv/press . 
  no , he 's simply using same methods . 
  kr\u00f3lestwo polskie in early 19th century was even more democratic theorethicaly . 
  the only problem was - its constitution was totaly ignored by the king - tzar of russia . 
  kinda the same way kaczy\u0144ski ignores current constitution . 
  pis just does n't have any reasonable arguments , it 's all ad personam . 
  everybody who criticize them in poland is `` german puppet , a jew , soros lackey , bankster , soviet agent , postcommunist , or at least po voter '' . 
  they have problem with calling usa any of that ( * ) , and apparently that 's their best attempt  ( * ) i still predict an anti-usa rethoric to appear in radio maryja and tv trwam shortly , and jewish conspiracy heavily featuring soros will surely be a common topic . 
  i do n't see any significant differences between cities in poland . 
  well , maybe \u0141\u00f3d\u017a is slightly less clean than average city . 
  change your name to `` osobno '' , 
  beata szyd\u0142o ( prime minister ) said they wo n't publish it . 
  are you saying she lies ? 
  even if - how is quoting her `` a lie '' or `` manipulation '' ? 
  are we supposed to treat everything she says as a lie by default ? 
  especially that she was in prison when the `` murder '' took place . 
  3 judges were elected correctly . 
  2 were elected before their term . 
  and the correct way to solve this was to wait for constutitional tribunal verdict on the law that was used to do that ( surprise surprise - tribunal decided on the matter ) . 
  government has no right to choose which law is binding and which is not . 
   i believe they had reasons to dismiss it , but they should also follow this law when judging it and this is the problem . 
  when law is self-contradictory - it 's their job to decide which part applies . 
  and they did . 
  really - listen to the verdict . 
  it addresses this . 
   in this case it looks like tribunal refused to proceed in accordiance to the bill . 
  that 's not what happened . 
  they were pretty careful and explicite about this . 
  listen to the verdict , it 's nice example of logic in law . 
  they proceeded in accordance with the new law , with the exception of the rules that were checked . 
  the listed them . 
  then they checked both ways - assuming these rules are legal ( in which case there 's contradiction in law so it ca n't be judged ) , and assuming these rules are invalid ( in which case there 's no problem and the tribunal can judge them , which it did ) . 
  if one solution is self-contradictory , and second is n't - you choose the second . 
  in math this kind of solution is common for self-referential problems , interesting to see it used in law . 
  and the problem is n't the 5 ( 3/2 ) judges . 
  creating a law ( insane or not ) is not illegal . 
  that problem was solved easily by tk in december . 
  the problem we have is not in fact legal in any way . 
  the problem is government not obeying the law . 
  simple as that . 
   the constitution allows this it dooes not . 
  or , to be more exact - governments can issue any insane acts they want - but when constitutional tribunal judges it 's against the constitution - government has to obey . 
  government ca n't choose which decisions of tribunal they publish , and which they do n't . 
  the problem is n't the constitution - it 's the government ignoring the constitution . 
  there 's no equivalence between what po did ( introducing invalid law ) , and what pis did ( introducing invalid law and rejecting the verdict that it 's invalid ) . 
  the problem is - if government ignores constitution in one matter , why would it listen to it in another ? 
  it 's like making a law `` people should obey the law '' . 
  and then when they do n't - solving this by adding `` they should really obeyh the law '' . 
  current government and president could be put before state tribunal according to constitution . 
  so what ? 
  no law can fix people in power ignoring the law . 
  people were up in arms in october already . 
  just not all the poland , but half of it . 
  it 's still the same . 
  constitution says clearly `` constutitional tribunal verdicts are final and universally bounding '' . 
  this is just government refusing to do what constitution says it has to do . 
  the 5 judges is only a problem because pis wants them to be a problem - tribunal decided that 3 of them were ok and 2 of them had to be elected again . 
  no doubts whatsoever there . 
  pis introduced new act about constutitional tribunal obviously contradictory to constitution , that would make it impossible for the tribunal to decide that it is in fact violating the constitution . 
  pis introduced the act without vacatio legis , and introduced it retroactively , so that tribunal has to decide validity of the act using this act . 
  pis made the cyclical dependencies on purpose , to effectively disable any checks on their laws . 
  this is all bullshit legalisation , no fault of constitution ( because no amount of law can protect you from self-contradictory law ) . 
  constutitional tribunal did what it had to do - took the law apart , and went through possible solutions : - if you assume the new law is valid - you get contradiction ( valid law contrary to constitution that can not be decided to be invalid ) - if you assume the new law is invalid - you just invalidate the law and all is well therefore the new law is invalid . 
  it 's simple logic , really . 
  pis went very far to ensure lawyers ca n't figure out a way to solve the feedback circle they carefuly crafted , and yet lawyers did . 
  so now pis says they wo n't publish the verdict . 
  it 's trybuna\u0142 stanu for them ( and for duda ) . 
  this makes any new law ( even contrary to constitution ) - work for at least 6 months . 
  they could literaly introduce `` let 's kill all the jews act '' and it would be valid for 6 months at least ( and probably for a few years at least because there is a backlog of less important laws to be checked , and the new law forces them to check laws first-in first-out ) . 
  president already violated constitution last year by not receiving an oath from 3 legally elected judges of constutitional court ( in law he is supposed to do that `` without delaying '' , 5 months has passed already , and he instead received an oath from 3 illegaly elected judges appointed by pis ) . 
  they are now just going on with it . 
  i am worried about my country . 
  government has simple majority in parliament and senate , but do n't have 2/3 majority to change the constitution . 
  constutitional court has the right to check any law for being in accordance with constitution . 
  government issued a law that allows them ( among other things ) - to fire any member of constutitional court ( they could n't do that before ) . 
  the new law also forced constutitional tribunal to resolve all new laws in first in - first out manner , and to decide if each new law is constutitional with at least 13 out of 15 judges present , and with 2/3 majority . 
  if only 9 out of 15 judges were against a new law - it would pass . 
  government also made the law work from the moment of issuing it , and work for cases already in progress . 
  government thought it would force constutitional tribunal to first deal with all less important cases , and to vote with 2/3 majority on the new law - which would effectively make it impossible to decide anything is violating the constitution . 
  and if they somehow did - government would just fire some members and hire new ones . 
  tl ; dr : how to make constitution irrelevant when you ca n't change it . 
  half of them were appointed by pis and po together , and they still judged against this dumb act . 
  like 95 % of lawyers in poland . 
  it 's really just power grab . 
  it does . 
  36 \u201e art . 
  read the actual text . 
  i did n't vote conservative , but it 's not the problem anyway .
