  you can not expect people to share goods with others if said goods are scarce . 
  people just do n't think that way , no matter what you do to persuade and brainwash them . 
  so a dictatorship is necessary , so free speech has to be banned , so nobody wants to live there . 
  there are examples where `` communism '' works great - open source software . 
  half the internet , most supercomputers , big part of medical devices , half of the smartphones , and some desktop computers run on open source software . 
  this is a huge proof that information economy works differently than economy of material things . 
  10 % of cars driving on roads is n't built by hobbists and given away for free . 
  your food is n't made for free . 
  but most of the time you use directly or indirectly at least a few programs that are given away for free . 
  people still do n't get it , and try to enforce copyright , software patents , etc. 
  they see that scarcity of material things do n't work with information , so they try to create artifical scarcity to comply with their preferred model of economy . 
  this do n't work , just like communism for material things did n't worked out . 
  imho the solution is capitalism and free market for material things and services , and socialism for immaterial things that can be cheaply copied infinitely many times . 
  for example collect small `` information tax '' from everybody , let people vote on how they want to divide the tax among the creators , and stop pursuing copyright , patents infrigement , etc. 
  most people already think pirating is n't evil , and they already share their creations ( software , music , comics , photos , whatever ) on the internet . 
  house prices stay at 1200 euro / m2 in my city , and before 2008 they were steadily rising by + - 5 % each year . 
  for 3 years salaries were the same , when previously we had inflationary rises every year in my company . 
  now it 's back to normal . 
  gas prices are absurdly high , but i use public transport or bicycle , so this does n't mean much to me . 
  nothing else comes to mind . 
  catholic-protestant fault line in europe is clearly visible there , 
  jew haters also provided reasons like culture and lifestyle . 
  there were much more jews there then , so they had much easier time if they choosen not to integrate . 
  whole towns in poland were completely jewish . 
  biggest cities in poland were like 30 % jewish . 
  my city had jewish hospital , university , many high schools , etc. 
  jews had their own regional parliament in most bigger cities , had the right to collect taxes among themselves and only their leaders paid these collected taxes to polish budget , etc , etc. 
  the source of antisemitism then ( apart from stupidity and xenofoby , obviously ) was that jews often monopolized whole branches of industry and trade in cities where there have been many of them . 
  banking was traditionaly jewish trade there ( because catholics were forbidden to lend money with interest rate ) . 
  so they had money , they had educated youth ( literacy among jews was always very high ) and they were mainly doing business with each other . 
  thanks to control over big percentage of credit money they could influence other industries , for example by not financing potential competition to other jews . 
  poles were infuriated by that . 
  jews were infuriated because of persecution and xenofoby ( for example there was quota for jews on university , only so many of them were allowed each year ) . 
  of course that 's a big generalization , reality was much more complex . 
  there were jewish units in polish army and in the insurgents that fought for polish independence in 1831 , 1861 , 1918 , in war with ussr in 1920 and in war againsti germany and ussr in 1939 . 
  polish elites were divided - one side ( the majority in government ) were neutral to jews ( j\u00f3zef pi\u0142sudski and his people ) and in effect protected them from persecution most of the time . 
  the other side were anti-semitists ( roman dmowski and his people ) . 
  they were n't as radical as nazi ( nobody proposed killing jews in poland ) , but there were serious propositions to expel jews to madagascar : / . 
  fortunately they never were in power in poland , always just in oposition . 
  many jews integrated . 
  most of jews were n't rich and did n't participated in financial cartels ( besides - there 's nothing illegal in only financing people you like , even if it makes it very hard to compete with you ) , and that certainly was n't good enough excuse to hate them . 
  that 's why i think anti-muslim and anti-roma sentiments are exactly as stupid as anti-semitism from pre-ww2 era . 
  there are real reasons to do n't like roma , but when people learn it 's ok to hate all the roma becaus of these stereotypes - it 's similiar to what happened before ww2 . 
  the only difference is that jews now have big influence over hollywood , so they ( rightly so ) persuaded everybody that antisemitism is a great evil . 
  and now nobody cares about muslims or roma , cause nobody stands up for them . 
  you do n't have a clue . 
  every country that really tried communism slipped into being poor backwater . 
  compare north and south korea , or west and east germany . 
  starting point was the same . 
  differences after 50 years were striking . 
  west germany still had n't managed to bring east germany to its level , despite 20 years of trying after 50 years of communism . 
  china was poor until very recently , when they changed to capitalism in disguise . 
  my country ( poland ) before ww2 was on similiar level of development like sweeden or spain . 
  after ww2 we were slightly worse than spain . 
  in 1989 ( year we overthrown communism ) we were so backward , it 's not even funny . 
  after 20 years of capitalism we have salaries and average `` quality of live '' that sweden had in 60-80 , and it 's still 2 times better in real terms than 20 years ago . 
  communism just do n't work . 
  better to have 2 years of crisis every 15 years , than to have crisis nonstop . 
  first of all i 'm atheist , secondly i 'm from poland . 
  i 'm osting what sources i ' v found in english . 
  i also have some polish sources , even mainstream tv : http://www.problemamt.de/jugendamt.html http://www.tvn24.pl/wiadomosci-z-kraju,3/jugendamt-przegral-dzieci-zostaja-w-polsce,265581.html http://www.guardian.co.uk/world/2010/jan/27/german-home-schooling-family-asylum http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1c7jfhc-yec http://www.jugendamt-wesel.com/communique_presse_colombo/ceed_open_letter_berlusconi_on_the_mechanism_of_the_german_jugendamt.htm it 's not a isolated problem , it seems - there are many complains from italy , fance , poland , uk , usa . 
  kids hsould be protected , but it 's possible to do this in more civilized way , i think . 
  recently there was story in polish tv about polish parents that had to kidnap their kids , because jugendamt take them back from them for `` hard family situation ( no details , maybe you can find more , i 'm interested in it ) . 
  polish parents returned to poland , but jugendamt did n't wanted to give back the kids . 
  parents kidnapped their kids , and returned to poland . 
  jugendamt appealed to polish court . 
  polish court decided that jugendamt has the right to appeal for the kids to be returned according to law , but the kids prefer to live with parents , and their good is more important than law . 
  i also think it is n't obvious that kids would prefer to live in a orphange in the most developed country in the world over living with parents in this third world hell hole that poland is according to you  so i started reading about it , and there are many stories about jugendamt , and it 's strange nobody doeas anything with it . 
  poland is also perfectly safe , 
   they should also look at being good at football . 
   i especially liked how he excluded 2 catholic countries that were fiscaly ok ( austria and poland ) by saying they are `` fiscaly protestant '' because of germanic influences . 
  and he completely forgot about a few other mostly catholic countries that are ok - for example slovakia or lithuania . 
  well , yes , if you exclude data that is againist your hypothesis , then it will show whatever you want . 
  i 'm very disappointed with bbc recently . 
  simple . 
  in poland church was traditionaly the only institution that supported independence - poland lost independence in 1795 , to orthodox russia and protestant prussia ( later germany ) . 
  there were also mostly catholic habsburgs occupying southern poland , but they were much less oppresive , and allowed some autonoym , when germans and russians were repressing polish language and culture . 
  so for over 100 years ( to 1918 ) poles who wanted to regain independence were using catholic symbolism ( poland as the messiah of countries , etc , etc ) . 
  it 's a big part of polish culture to this day . 
  the poland regained indpendence , and the biggest danger was communist ( atheist ) russia and nazi ( pagan ? 
  catholic ? ), 
  germany . 
  and then there was 50 years of ussr ( atheist ) occupation . 
  so again - poles who wanted independence kept close to church , as it was the only institution that was independend of totalitarian government . 
  since the fall of the the communism here ( 1989 ) catholic church has been involved in politics too much ( because most current politicians came from oppositionists during communism , and they worked with church then ) . 
  so now people have enough of church influence on politic , and there 's no immediate danger to polish independence , so poles are becoming less and less religious quickly . 
  czechs , on the other hand , had their own protestant faith ( hussitism ) , and were beaten to submission to stop beliving in it . 
  then catholic empire occupie them and tried to force faith , and then when communism came , nobody had problems with atheism ( at least that 's how i see it from here , i 'm not a czech ) . 
  basically - people do n't like to be forced to belive . 
  really , everything in poland except warsaw , cracow , gda\u0144sk and zakopane is off the beaten path . 
  and there are many great places , with 500-1000 years of history , and with almost no foreign turists . 
  for example zamosc ( small city designed as `` ideal '' by one architect in renneisance for important nobleman ) , lublin ( great architecture , especially churches in lublin renneisance style ) , bieszczady mountains ( not high , but very wild mountains , and great sighs ) , beskid niski mountains ( pretty wooden orthodox architecture there , many deserted villages where lemko people lived before communists expeled them after ww2 ) , and many , many others . 
  some photos of the polish cities . 
  if you do n't want to see tourists , just ignore cracow , warsaw , gdansk , maybe wroclaw . 
  alternatives for polish national anthem : - rota http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_vzgweq2sxk - bo\u017ce co\u015b polsk\u0119 http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jsoj_8fp1qa - bogurodzica ( was sung by polish army during the battle of grunwald in 1410 , and i think sounds the best . 
  but it 's basically ode to saint mary , nothing about poland ) http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zgttapxgwxa the official anthem http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=debhiaqh3ps, 
  so i 've looked for sources , and i 've overestimated the percentage 2 times : / . 
  that 'll teach me to guess percentages basing on `` my friends and family '' heuristic . 
  article from 2009 - http://www.universityworldnews.com/article.php?story=20090402210342370 it says participation rate in 19-24 age range is 48 % . 
  article from 2010 - http://www.pearsonfoundation.org/oecd/poland.html it says in 2010 in 25-34 age range 30 % of poles had university degree , and 30 years ago it was 10 % .
