  actually kul is probably low-tier . 
  regarding b1 - there was conversation , but yeah it was very easy . 
  i had 3/6 on matura , and 97 % on b1  had we knew that before we would go for b2 . 
  fortunately nobody asks for certificates anyway , they just test your english on the interview . 
  this depends on the degree you 're talking about . 
  i was on it and on economy , and among people in it everybody could speak at least good enough to discuss stuff on the internet . 
  ca n't be a programmer without english . 
  on economy it was worse , but still 90 % could talk about general matters . 
  i did b1 with my friends and nobody had problems with it ( should have probably go for b2 ) . 
  of course among 40 + nobody speak english . 
  buses go in the villages too . 
  why would n't they ? 
  people take them to work and back . 
  also primary school kids do have school buses , just not one model and color . 
  also there 's no place in poland 40 minutes by car from nearest primary school . 
  i 'm from a small village in eastern poland and i had 5 km to school and there was another 4 km the other way , but with worse reputation . 
  we often walked but from what i 've heard novadays it makes you a bad parent if your kids walk to school apparently ( no idea why - it 's not like it 's less safe now ) . 
  yes . 
  trust but verify . 
  ireland . 
   and if they did , were they supposed to nuke their ally because they did not like the way borders were being drawn ? 
  they could insist on fair elections in poland at least . 
  and not murdering the ww2 veterans in prisons and forests . 
  simple courtesy . 
  that 's media reporting about army for you . 
  polish press about kto rosomak ( polish version of patria apc ) at the start of iraq war : `` death traps sent to iraq !, 
  our soldiers will die because of our politicians choosing rosomak instead of x ! '', 
  turned out rosomaks were doing great . 
  better land forces , worse navy and air forces . 
  also different system of optional conscription . 
  it 's hard to say which one is better and i hope we will never find out . 
  it is supported by this map . 
  it 's not strong evidence of course . 
  also you made it about being better by writing that if anything it 's patriotic in `` bad '' sense . 
  no idea why you think that . 
  but yeah , i 'm a little oversensitive about that bullshit about poland b. 
  it gets old after a few years . 
  i 've heard he said `` i shoot germans first . 
  duty before pleasure . '', 
  if everybody escape - invader gets the whole country for free , and is a threat to everyone who escaped again . 
  if only some people escape - they win and those that stayed - lose . 
  if everybody stay ( assuming they can defend ) - everybody win . 
  east poland wants to defen , west poland does n't . 
  if your whole family and most friends live in that area , your home and land you own is there - it makes sense to defend that . 
  you do n't need to listen to politicians to know that . 
  that 's why people near the potential sources of threat want to defend , and the people further away want to escape ( to not be drafted into defending homes of others ) . 
  same happens in ukraine right now ( western parts avoid draft , eastern parts organize to defend ) . 
  in the end someone has to stop russia , much better to defend together than one-by-one , so in the case of real war borders will be closed ( both by germans and by poles ) , and these people will be drafted just as well . 
  yeah , we all should just emigrate to usa in 1939 . 
  would make the world much better . 
  except you know - the hunger in usa that this would cause , and the fact that europe would probably be nazi till today ( and invade usa sooner or later ) . 
  yeah , how could it possibly happen that poland b is better in some way than poland a. . . actually there 's tons of indicators that are better for parts of poland b than for parts of poland a , and the `` best '' parts of so called poland a are n't the western-most parts ( western pomerania is for example about as poor as eastern poland , and has much higher unemployement ) , but the central and southern parts ( pozna\u0144 and wroc\u0142aw basically ) . 
   simply uses sound recordings of bird calls for the purpose where 's the fun in that . 
  your argument boils down to `` fuck ecology - they are richer now '' . 
  it 's not very good argument . 
   farmers are among those that do n't like the eu especially for the regulations it imposes on agriculture , and thus the fn is attractive to them . 
  is n't the whole common agricultural policy organised to satisfy french farmers ? 
  so , sth like that : http://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/bie%c5%82sat_tv ? 
  you know what happens when only dictatorships have big army ? 
  that 's why pacifism is unrealistic . 
  it 's not pre-agrarian only . 
  it was still rational policy in ww2 . 
  i 'd argue about that . 
  imagine at first there were tribes where both sexes fought , and tribes where women stayed at home ( no matter the official reason ) . 
  hell , even tribes with men at home and women fighting . 
  eventually tribes with more young women alive outbreed tribes with less young women alive . 
  so no matter what they believe is the reason for their decision - the real reason is - it works better from evolutionary perspective . 
  i 'm not sure about usa , but i 'm pretty sure about poland . 
  between 1600 and 1945 poland had a war or uprising every 20 years except for ( 1863-1914 ) . 
  if women fought in equal proportions with men there would be no poland anymore . 
  that also explains why polish culture is a matriarchy , and why women in poland were working `` male jobs '' , and had voting rights before women in western europe . 
  i think the problem is in your irony generator . 
  they are at least 25 years old ( because last conscription was in 2008 ) , and most are older , because conscription was dwindling before that . 
  also it 's just 14 000 people in total this year , each for a few weeks at most . 
  would n't call this a solution to youth unemployement . 
   men are stronger , this make them better soldiers . 
  strength is n't that important , when you 're sitting in a tank or apv and shooting machine gun . 
  more important difference is aggressivness . 
  on the other hand women are more persistent , and can edure pain better . 
  the real reason was historicaly ( and still is ) - with half the young male population dead a country can recover in one generation . 
  with half the young female population gone - it can not . 
  meanwhile capitalism increases is 10 times . 
  to think poland was richer than spain ... 
  you need to understand context . 
  what 's considered pro-russian in poland would be still anti-russian in france  the only really pro-russian parties right now are zmiana , and korwin ( both extreme right , both marginal ) . 
   if there is one population that absolutely detests nazis , it 's russians !, 
  yes , they just have different definition of nazi . 
  in russia nazi = anti-russian ( because russia single-handedly defeated nazism in ww2 , therefore anything russia does is by definition anti-nazi , and anything that is contrary to russian interest is nazi ) . 
  it 's simple , really . 
  there are pdfs and ebooks , but i 've read it on hpmor.com . 
  why not cite it ? 
  it 's better than many `` regular '' books i 've read , and i read everything on ebook reader anyway . 
  old testament too ? 
  when i was still religious i 've tried . 
  it 's not good for religiousness : /, 
  it 's great . 
  there 's read-through on r/rational with commentary if you like that . 
  i 've read it a few years ago , liked it , but i think i understand it better now . 
  `` 1632 '' series by eric flint and others `` the art of game design : a book of lenses '' jesse schell `` the reconstruction of nations : poland , ukraine , lithuania , belarus , 1569 -- 1999 '' timothy snyder `` harry potter and the methods of rationality '' eliezer yudkowsky - and a lot of other rationalist fanfiction also recently tried `` postkomunizm '' by jadwiga staniszkis after i heard her in radio , but could n't manage to read through that jargon . 
  seems for me like she purposely use complicated words to tell the same thing over and over , and make a whole book out of it .
