  national parks are minimal expanditure on country scale ( and bia\u0142owie\u017ca is probably net income for budget , because it 's very popular among tourists ) . 
  there 's part of bia\u0142owie\u017ca forest that was a forest since forever , and it 's a natonal park , nobody is going to cut trees there . 
  there 's also ( bigger ) part of bia\u0142owie\u017ca forest that was recreated last few centuries , and it 's not a national park . 
  government wants to increase amount of trees cut there ( supposedly to protect some species of trees from some beetle ) . 
  environmentalists protest , because they want the `` not quite primeval '' part of bia\u0142owie\u017ca to be managed like ( and ideally - made a ) national park - so without human interference , because dead trees are important for `` real '' forest lifecycle . 
  even if it means some species of trees die out . 
  to be precise : the bia\u0142owie\u017ca forest on polish side is divided into national park ( no human interference allowed ) , and regular , not primeval forest , that so far was managed similary to the national park ( minimal human intervention ) . 
  there were plans to recognize ther est as national park as well , but it was n't finalized because people living there protested . 
  pis government wants to increase amount of trees cut there supposedly to stop beetle infestation that destroys some species of trees . 
  environmentalists wants them not to do anything , ebcause they want the forest to be untouched by human , even if some species die-out , because dead trees are important part of primeval forest cycle . 
  there were no plans to hunt bisons that i know of . 
  you mean 3 percent points ? 
  that would be 5 % of gdp - basicaly destroying our economy . 
  or do you mean 3 % - then it wo n't change anything . 
  pis in 2006 and pis in 2016 is 2 completely different parties . 
  unfortunately the mad brother survived , not the reasonable one . 
  such diplomacy . 
  will you consider to replace waszczykowski as foreign ministry ? 
  congratulations , pis supporters . 
  sikorski predictions ( pis will isolate us from eu and do blowjobs to usa but get nothing in exchange ) are fullfiled 100 % . 
  so , are we still pretending nothing happened ? 
  at which point russia will become our official ally ? 
  after all - pis ideology is like 90 % compatible , just replace `` catholic '' to `` orthodox '' . 
  piracy is n't stealing , like murder is n't rape . 
  but anyway , even if it is stealing - it 's stealing from the middle man that extorts people writing the papers and reading the papers . 
  using the one advantage it has - performance of scientists is measured by number of publications and quotations . 
  imho fuck that guy . 
  refusing to buy sth is also stealing if you use that definition . 
  if i spolied you new star wars and you decided not to go - is that stealing ? 
  why people feel the need to call piracy stealing , anyway ? 
  it 's a crime , just a different crime . 
  the distinction is useful . 
  nobody wants to call rape `` murder '' to show how bad it is . 
  scientists pay to get their papers reviewed and published . 
  after they already been paid ( usually be state ) to do the science . 
  imho it 's obvious that all science paid by taxes should be free for all citizens . 
  he was joking . 
  it was n't as rosy as you present it . 
  second biggest party in parliament ( endecja ) was openly anti-semitic , and demanded expelling jews to madagascar . 
  they were also promoting anti-semitic laws ( some of them got introduced - for example quotas on number of jews admited to universities - which btw is very funny because it was motivated exactly the same way now `` positive discrimination '' is motivated in usa - less poles were smart enough to get to university relatively to their percentages in society , so we have to do sth  ) . 
  it 's so ironic when same policy is either extreme right wing or extreme left wing depending who it applies to . 
  anyway , there were no people proposing `` final solution '' , so it 's not german-level antisemitism , and they had no support from state or majority of population , but still , it was big number of people . 
  his claim seems absurd , and i would like to see a strong evidence for such original idea , before i can accept it . 
  but the facts you cite about righteous are n't proving anything - most jews before ww2 were living in poland . 
  even more jews were moved there during ww2 . 
  most camps and ghettos were in poland ( even if it formally was n't poland at the time ) . 
  it 's not surprising that most righteous were polish , straightforward statistics . 
  wait , i thought he was saying `` there were more jews killed during ww2 by poles than by germans '' ? 
  that 's how it is presented in polish media , and the reason for outrage . 
  now that 's pretty . 
  why did you changed it ? 
  w is already used for v , so it ca n't be used for \u0141 as well . 
  we 're not english to use same letter for 2 sounds . 
  english - polish v - w w - \u0142 sh - sz ch - cz, 
  so , what was your point , again ? 
  how do you say `` polska '' in your language ? 
  wotva, 
  yes , i 'd guess around 30 % now . 
  anyway , no way  50 % of poles would want to leave eu . 
  no way  50 % will vote to leave . 
  poles are n't that stupid . 
  remember , pis had 38 % during elections , and probably lost a lot of that . 
  my father found medieval polish coin once ( this one https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/krak%c3%b3w_grosz ) . 
  and on my grandpa 's field there 's lots of ww1 stuff - mostly shells - there was a battle there between `` austrians '' and `` russians '' . 
  it mostly depends where you live . 
  when they build something in lublin 's old town each time they dig they discover some old stuff . 
  rural areas around big cities are a mix between people that work in city ( but their grandpas were farmers ) , people that migrated from the big city to countryside but still work in that city , and some small percentage of farmers , among those small percent is succesfull and rich , and most exists on eu donations/money from their kids . 
  this based on countryside + - 30 km from lublin . 
  it 's the farming region in poland , and most people are n't farmers anymore ( well , they often are formally farmers because krus , but they work at regular jobs as well ) . 
  one important difference is - people living in countryside have no problem building/inheriting a home . 
  people living in cities have to get 20 + years long mortgage . 
  so yeah , i have no problem believing this . 
  how can it happen every time , if the guy that were fired worked there since 2000 for example ( the one form jan\u00f3w podlaski ) ? 
  poland and uk are on the opposite ends regardin eu membership . 
  you are on an island with no security problems , had atlantic partnership , and were net payers . 
  we are between russia and germany , were decades back when it comes to infrastructure , got lots of money from eu , and had few export opportunities before entering eu ( russia & co ceased to be a good option in 1989-1991 ) . 
  i understand trying to compare the situation to what you know , but it 's not similar . 
  it 's almost like it forced these countries to enter and to accept these bilions of euro . 
  a shame they ca n't leave . 
  eu can stop infrastructure money . 
  pis already rebranded the money we will get as `` plan morawieckiego '' ( not mentioning it is going to be financed from eu money , but the quotes match ) , and it was one of their core promises . 
  it will be ironic ( in alanis morissette sense ) to watch that go in the dump . 
  and we were doing so good ... 
  how is it , that pis fires people working for decades and say `` it was always a political position '' . 
  mind that parliament term is 4 years and po was ruling for 8 years ( and before that pis was in power for 2 years ) . 
  that 's very selective reading . 
  it 's funny when ignorant fools take quotes from polish classic books literally , 
  they made a bill saying `` no public competition for public offices '' , and fired like half of people working there ( bullshit stats , but they fired a lot of people ) . 
  people that were working there for decades and nbody touched them because they had experience and were good . 
  and we had changing governments every 4 years ( except for last 8 years ) . 
  so it 's bullshit that `` everybody were doing this before '' . 
  and then pis hired pis members and their families . 
  with no experience or apropriate education . 
  already famous polish arab horse stables in jan\u00f3w podlaski were destroyed by their guy . 
  in a few months . 
  this is not theorethical stuff . 
  pis is doing complete do-over of polish country blatantly ignoring constitution , and they do n't have mandate for that ( just over 50 % when there is 66 % requirement for changing constitution and long process with national referendum ) . 
  there was no point since 1989 , when tvp 1 and tvp 2 were so full of obvious bullshit propaganda . 
  even in the worst sld days . 
  so breaking constitution is `` rightists '' , following the law - leftist ?
