  real poles ( tm ) probably : / in next elections . 
  you 're doing it wrong . 
  the protection is from nazi fascist bandits . 
  inspired by evil cia , eu , jews and gays of course . 
  why ? 
  they started ww2 together . 
  who decides what exactly the understanding is ? 
  because it sure was stupid from ukrainians to give up nuclear weapons for a treaty that they understood gave them nothing . 
  regardin action - i think cancelling all investments in russia and stoping trade with them untill they back their army will be a good start . 
  their economy is 25 % export , usa + eu is over 50 % of that export and over 75 % of all foreign investments in russia . 
  if you want to be that technical , then nato treaty does n't require defence of c&ee too :  the parties agree that an armed attack against one or more of them in europe or north america shall be considered an attack against them all and consequently they agree that , if such an armed attack occurs , each of them , in exercise of the right of individual or collective self-defence recognised by article 51 of the charter of the united nations , will assist the party or parties so attacked by taking forthwith , individually and in concert with the other parties , such action as it deems necessary , including the use of armed force , to restore and maintain the security of the north atlantic area . 
  for example latvia is n't anywhere near north atlantic area , so its security does n't have to be restored according to this article , if you want to be dick about it , and if russia ever tries to attack it . 
  and it would suffice to technicaly fulfill 5th article obligations to `` take actions that it deems nessessary '' , which does n't actually mean anything ( usa may as well deem nessesary to tell latvia `` i 'm sorry '' , and cancel one meeting with russia ) . 
  do you really want to send a message to all the world that usa will interprete such texts literally ? 
  uk and france literally fulfilled their obligations in september 1939 by joining war against germany , but in fact they waited on their territory while poland was invaded , and only when hitler invaded france they started real fighting . 
  that 's the difference between technicaly and really fulfilling obligations . 
  do n't make same errors that started ww2 . 
  if russians liberate you expect 50 years of occupation . 
  dumb or paid for ? 
  i would prefer it takes place in moscow or somewhere east of our borders : /, 
  so we will help reclaim . 
  if not we will be a country without allies on the border of new ussr . 
  i still doubt it will come to that , i think situation will be solved in ukraine without war , and that russia will ultimately lose on this whole warmongering . 
  but if not nato needs to be united , especially c&ee members . 
  we will . 
  if not we will be next . . 
  yup , it 's funny how some people believed propaganda . 
  during cold war communists called them useful idiots . 
  i thought you wanted to know how ukraine is different than kosovo . 
  that 's how . 
  no need to get butthurt . 
  regarding russia surviving it - it would but putin wo n't be ruling it . 
   so only superpowers have the right to project their interests ? 
  and if russia is not a superpower anymore , why does n't the us intervene - like it promised to do so in the budapest accord ? 
  but only the superpowers can do it and survive . 
  usa wo n't use power caus it does n't have to . 
  economic sanctions will suffice . 
   i do n't see the relevance of this ? 
  ethnic cleansing is as good reason for foreign powers to intervene and give the minorities in your country independence as you can get . 
  ukraine have n't done this . 
  it 's different cause russia is n't superpower anymore and it acts like it is . 
  this will end the moment west stops paying for this shit . 
  also - you know - there were no ethnic cleansings in ukraine recently unlike in some other countries . 
  apart from being putin muppets , you mean ? 
  what 's easier to blow - pipelines or ships ? 
  anyway at that point we 're speaking freaking ww3 . 
  you have to have the money first . 
  poland will finish liquid gas terminal in \u015awinouj\u015bcie this year . 
  and we can send gas to czech republic if they need it . 
  baltic states have it worse , though . 
  i do n't know about other countries but poland has reserves for a month or so . 
  and the winter is ending . 
  and there are other sources of gas , and in the worst case you just pause production in a few chemical factories and you use 2/3rd gas less . 
  in the meantime russia has no money to pay for war , and has to build pipelines to china to survive . 
  germany had almost the whole army in poland . 
  their reserves was ending . 
  germany would n't be able to attack uk and france in 1939 even if it wanted to . 
  i think he meant waiting for half a year without actually moving the troops inside germany [ 1 ] , at which point germany had enough resources to conquer the whole continent . 
  if france and uk invaded germany early in september 39 there would be no ww2 , ussr would n't join the party in 17th september 39 , there would be no holocaust , no pearl harbour , no hiroshima or nagasaki . 
  but in the short term it was beter to wait , i 'm sure . 
  [ 1 ] one small raid stopped by a minefield does n't count , sorry . 
  i suggested not giving money to putin . 
  that there will be rebelions is just potential consequence of putin not having money . 
  and putin knows that and knows that he would n't rule russia for much longer in that case . 
  if eu had the balls to do that this whole clusterfuck would n't happen . 
  on the other hand appeasing putin will lead to bloodshed , and on much worse conditions for eu too . 
  i do n't want russia to be enemy . 
  i want it to be stable democratic state that does n't send army to neighbors . 
  if they want empire back it means problems in future . 
  they need to understand they ca n't do empire anymore . 
  listen to the duma talks - it 's like last 23 years never happened . 
  and i especially does n't want bloodshed . 
  that 's why i want trade sanctions and not war with russia . 
  my thoughs exactly . 
  let putin taste revolution on his ground . 
  russian gdp comes 25 % from exports . 
  halving it means 12.5 % smaller gdp just from that . 
  they have separatists republics paid to behave ( chechenia for example ) . 
  no money = terrorists and rebellions there . 
  they have big minorities too . 
  the whole deal with putin ruling russia was `` less freedom but order and stability '' . 
  if stability stops , foreign companies escapes and money ends - he would have majdan in moscow next month . 
  putin : `` i call a war on ukrainian government '' . 
  why are we still financing them ? 
  without eu money russia would default . 
  less dependence on russian fossil fuels ? 
  usa gas exports are rising . 
  poland is finishing liquid gas terminal in \u015awinouj\u015bcie this year so we can import gas from anybody , and building interconnections with czech republic so we can send them gas if they need it . 
  gazprom is also selling less recently : http://www.spiegel.de/international/world/gazprom-gas-giant-is-running-into-trouble-a-881024.html russians must hurry if they want to use their exports in blackmail . 
  that 's because government income ! = gdp . 
  and yes - 12.5 % less of gdp is huge . 
  it 's actually less according to that image ? 
  in 2007 it was 25 % of coal , 33 % of oil and 37 % of gas . 
  in 2010 it was 27 % of coal , 34 % of oil and 31 % of gas . 
  no exports to eu means 12.5 % less gdp for russia just from the exports . 
  no exports to russia means 1-2 % less gdp for eu . 
   eu will express also their concern , probably in a bit more angry way but they will not interfere since they import from russia most of the fossil fuel they need actually 32.6 % of oil and 37.8 % of gas . 
  it 's from 2007 so now it 's probably less . 
  still big of course . 
  russia is n't a great power anymore .
