  it 's either uk , ireland , netherlands , or germany . 
  over 16,2 mln people were employed in poland in end of 2015 , it was 13,3 million in 2003 . 
  so it 's both , but emigration is less significant , even if all 850 000 people returned and created 0 jobs - it would still be significantly better than in 2003 . 
  it 's combination of constant moderate growth , baby boom of 80s is in their 30s now and had plenty of time to find a job , and emigration . . 
   after joining the eu we simply continued to have moderately high growth rates we already had since the early 90s yes , we did , and  the eu membership helped poland achieve is also true . 
  without eu membership we would have much slower growth not only after 2004 but since nineties . 
  all because the prospect of eu membership was a huge bonus for investors from the west . 
  also there were pre-accession eu funding programmes like phare that helped directly . 
  it 's mostly strong among nationalists ( and they are just too fat from reality to notice any facts contrary to their ideology ) , and `` moherowe berety '' - old people on retirement listening to pseudo-catholic father rydzyk media ( radio maryja , tv trwam , nasz dziennik ) . 
  moherowe berety were anti-eu from the start , because `` eu are germans and jews and homosexuals and masons , and they want to destroy poland by destroying our soul - holy church and the cult of mary '' . 
  other than that people are pro-eu in general , sometimes with some doubts because of `` economic colonialism '' , and recently the refuges situation . 
  it 's just that current government is actively courting these 2 groups with propaganda ( to differ themselves from previous government that was very pro-eu ) , and won elections in big part because of support from rydzyk and nationalists . 
  it 's similar to brexit - the young , and pro-european voters were disappointed in po because of many small scandals , bad pr , and unpopular decisions ( increasing retirement age , moving funds from private to public retirement agencies , etc ) . 
  so many of them either voted absurdly as a protest ( kukiz , razem ) , or have n't voted at all . 
  it did solved the small problem of `` millions of innocent people being murdered '' . 
  it only turned it into `` tousands of innocent people being murdered '' , but it 's still net benefit . 
  what did iraq intervention changed for the better ? 
  iraq intervention solved so many problems after all . 
  well he was deported from sweden and switzerland before . 
  i think it 's better to keep him in prison . 
   draw each us state individually we do n't usually require people to draw each voyevodship  but yeah , states-wise i know where texas , california , and washington are , and that 's it . 
  and alaska . 
   the most devastating war in european history i think you misremember that one . 
  i even know why , 
   islam and christianity have been `` at war '' for centuries so was france and germany , protestants and catholics , and lots of other now-paceful groups . 
   this religion would never survive otherwise . 
  good thing people are sinners and do n't actually follow the ideals they preach - otherways god 's only way for people to be saved would have never survived to this day  i find it immensely funny how pseudo-christians confuse themselves into believing versions of their religion that miss the whole point . 
  add me to cc , thanks . 
   if the uk financial sector ca n't handle one messily election result without plunging into the abyss so , let 's say people voted to nationalize all the land , or nuke china . 
  you 're saying market should handle that gracefuly , 
   then what 's the point ? 
  independent non-russian state on the eastern border . 
  see https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/giedroyc_doctrine, 
  the funniest thing is - there is overlap . 
  i know polish people living in uk complaining about the bloody immigrants and wanting to close the borders . 
  of course not for them , but you know , for the really bad immigrants ( meaning muslims ) . 
  we got eu funding in nineties already ( see https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/phare for example ) , and if we decided in let 's say 1998 we wo n't be entering eu - the economic development of poland would be very different ( lots of investment came with the asumption that poland eventually will be in eu ) . 
  do you want each police officer to test the driver 's skills each time instead of checking the papers ? 
   i am very experienced software developer yet i am unable to find decent job in poland for me . 
  lol . 
  so you decided to go on a crusade ? 
  maybe just move instead ? 
  your english seems passable . 
  what genes have to do with anything ? 
  we would 've been on the level of ukraine before the war . 
  so - 15 years behind where we were then in reality . 
  and for what benefit ? 
  - so , we can start a world war or start saving energy , sir . 
  - maybe let 's try the saving thing this time . 
   non religious dogmatism is may be a waste of time but it 's harmless . 
  try being a vocal non-beliver in communism during stalinism and we 'll speak about that . 
  you mean why it should n't murder innocent people ? 
  no reason . 
  both call itself `` peaceful '' and kill millions . 
  both want the country to be run according to impossible standards based on shaky assumptions and want to impose these standards on others . 
  but you do n't actually have to obey , just pretend . 
  especially if you 're in the right group and know the right people . 
  communism in practice was a lot like theocracy . 
  i 'm sure the exact same people who do n't like islamic law in their country come to instill it in eu . 
  man people are dumb ... 
  but immigration crisis is blown out of proportions in the west , and nonexistant in poland . 
  it 's all hot air and fear campaign . 
  you can easily do the same in any country , with any subject given enough media coverage ( traditional and social ) . 
  we had people tell us `` komorowski has to drive over a pregnant nun on street crossing while drunk to lose '' . 
  he even declined the debate . 
  and lost to a populist : / do n't underestimate protest voters . 
  apparently making a coup with dozens of tousands of teachers and jdges , and 100 soldiers is n't a good idea . 
  of course you would say that . 
  otherways no point in having nuclear weapons . 
   in a perfect world all countries would be grey so easy to do , just ban all international trade . 
  enjoy your ideal world , 
  oh so that 's why they kept that part up there . 
  they killed hundreds of innocent people . 
  in real life there is no good guys and bad guys , just conflicts of interests . 
  democratic as in `` people voted him '' ? 
  yes . 
  democratic as in `` preserving the democratic system for future '' ? 
  no - the opposite in fact , he is turning turkey into dictatorship . 
  it 's common that future dictators had popular support once . 
  nah , it tells more about what 's boring and what 's interesting . 
  treaties mattered more than battles in the end ( grunwald changed very little , lublin union created huge state for centuries ) , but somehow people do n't like to reenact signing treates as much as beating each other , 
  it 's often used as `` because '' from what i 've seen . 
  you put in your name how you want people to perceive you . 
  a democratic country does n't need to advertise it 's democratic . 
  similarily - parties with `` law '' in name are more likely to break law apparently  and parties with `` together '' do everything by themselves , 
  is n't it funny how every single coallition partner of pis never gets into parliament again , and despise them ever since  ? 
  i must admit kaczy\u0144ski is skilled at tactical politics ( taking over parties and their voters , destroying political enemies by slander ) . 
  i was even happy when he destroyed samoobrona and lpr . 
  but now pis has become even worse than them . 
   token pospieszalski 's show so , what is the token anti-gvorenment show now ? 
  do you remember tvp bashing `` moherowe berety '' ? 
  cause i do n't . 
  on the other hand now tvp is calling kod traitors/leftists/communists / thieves casually . 
  do you remember acta protests ? 
  they were shown in mostly positive light despite being anti-government . 
  basically only ho\u0142dys was pro-acta  compare the treatment of anti-pis protests . 
  po did their opposition bashing on gazeta wyborcza and tvn - private media . 
  pis just put everybody from rydzyk and srebrna media groups into tvp and pay from taxes for calling 1/3 of population traitors . 
  not to this point , no . 
  they were biased , but not outright lying , or not reporting important news .
