  umcs was the exact opposite . 
  czech republic - take that , 
  touching ground with your shoes i would say . 
  great idea !, 
  then we can do averaged maps per country , language , and total . 
  outlived his usefulness ? 
   a black market for food they try to recreate ussr after all , 
  only started a few years ago , before cider was n't a thing in poland . 
  then why should ukraine or lithuania give up former polish cities ? 
  they have n't started the war . 
   does that mean nothing now basically yes . 
  everybody in poland was impoverished by ww2 ( and communism ) . 
  so what ? 
  additionally - if you want to take l'viv and vilnius you would need to give up szczecin , wroc\u0142aw , zielona g\u00f3ra . 
  elbl\u0105g and half of gda\u0144sk too . 
  so not worth it it 's not even funny . 
  yeah , they are 75 y.o. 
  or older , that 's around 10 % of population , from that maybe 5 % lived in ukraine before war , that makes it 0.5 % of poles . 
  good luck advocating for war . 
   in russian patriotic circles poland is viewed as potential ally that could help us to divide ukraine ( lwow to polska ) and annex lithuania letting us to annex estonia and latvia . 
  lol . 
  lw\u00f3w is pretty , but it does n't even have warm water 24h a day . 
  we do n't have the money to make it modern city , our population is constant or falling , no need for `` lebensraum '' . 
  and there 's the problem of a few millions patriotic ukrainians living in the region . 
  why would we want to deal with them ? 
  better they get here to work , than to do guerilla fighting . 
  vilnius is civilized at least , but everybody would hate us , and economicaly there 's no reason to take it . 
  lithuania and ukraine are much more useful for poland as independent states ( buffer zone in case russia gets silly ideas like now ) . 
  i just quote , and he 's dead so we wo n't know . 
  he was n't liked president in poland , and people laughed him off for that prediction then . 
  lech kaczy\u0144ski did , too - after russia intervention in georgia he fly there with adamkus and said  `` georgia today , tomorrow ukraine , the baltic states the day after tomorrow , then perhaps the time for my country , poland ! '', 
  it will happen anyway . 
  on the other hand http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/appeasement worked great the last time . 
   how horrible , fantastic , incredible it is that we should be digging trenches and trying on gas masks here because of a quarrel in a far-away country between people of whom we know nothing . 
  -- neville chamberlain , 27 september 1938 , 8 p.m. radio broadcast , on czechoslovak refusal to accept nazi demands to cede border areas to germany, 
  maybe you should n't be in military alliance with a country that you do n't want to help in case of invasion ? 
  and to call people expecting others to keep their word `` egoistic '' ... 
  if china owns other half of russia and there 's another cold war i think it will work out , 
  i meant what germany did after ww2 . 
  defeat that thanks to usa was succesfull in the end . 
  yeah , it 's clear he is the egoistic one . 
  this seems so stupid that the only reasonable solution is to not trust the article , sorry . 
  how could putin be so delusional and keep ruling russia since 2000 ? 
  not falling for this again . 
  not really . 
  i do n't know anybody believing putin is so stupid . 
  what 's the opposity of pyrric victory ? 
  our clay best clay everybody want it . 
  russians can kill russians no problem , have n't you got the memo ? 
  retroactively make it an island . 
  `` hitler 's scientists '' by john cornwell . 
  how nazi movement changed country winning third of all noble prizes , where both greatest physical revolutions of xxth century happened into just another country with some scientists . 
  all in 2 decades . 
  i knew about most of these scientists but never realized how dominant german science was in early 20th century until i read this book . 
  also nice description of people reactions to increasingly totalitarian state . 
  `` the reconstruction of nations : poland , ukraine , lithuania , belarus , 1569 -- 1999 '' timothy snyder book about how modern nations of poland , ukraine , lithuania and belarus developed their identity through ages . 
  for the most part it have n't existed , nationalism is a young idea and people divided itself into different groups before . 
  these countries still bear some artifacts of the time and context in which they started to think of themselves as separate nations , it 's a great book to better understand eastern europe . 
  poland : rare nowadays but i remember in nineties it was common . 
  http://www.osmchmielnik.pl/graph/oferta_003.jpg there was even cheap wine sold in plastic bags  http://ks27729.kimsufi.com/p2/200903/8e/33828882.jpg, 
  these were consequences of options . 
  a. no countries b. 
  1 country c. many countries what other options do you see ? 
  negative and fractional number of countries are n't possible afaik . 
  yeah , all except these 2 have countries in them . 
  option 1 - no countries at all = organised crime rule , eventually turn into countries option 2 - 1 huge country where everyone live . 
  if it turns into dictatorship ( in long term it 's quite probable ) then you ca n't even emigrate . 
  imagine nazis or communists took over the only country on earth . 
  all in all - it 's better that there are countries . 
   warsaw tbh warsaw was 90 % rubble after the war , and then for 50 years commies build blocks everywhere . 
  only the old city was rebuild . 
  there is n't much to preserve in warsaw , so why not skyscrappers . 
  i 've learnt it in on music lessons in primary school ( it was in early nineties so poland was n't even candidate for eu then ) , along with polish anthem and many other songs . 
  it 's just a popular melody . 
  only lublin , tychy and gdynia have trolleys in poland iirc . 
  because it would be hard for a tram to get there http://farm8.staticflickr.com/7211/6999600402_0c6e171bc5_b.jpg the whole city is like that , 
  regular . 
  i like the view . 
   typical lifetime of combustion engine bus is about 10 years my city last year retired ikarus buses bought in eighties , 
  in lublin we have solaris trollino ( even some articulated ones ) , but recently they bought new ones from ukrainian company bogdan . 
  it was a controversial decision , people complain about them , but the city bought them cause they will be manufactured in lublin in cooperation with ursus factory . 
  look like this : http://bi.gazeta.pl/im/5e/e6/e6/z15132254q,nowy-trolejbus-firmy-ursus-bogdan-motors.jpg, 
  advatnages over regular buses : - no air pollution - electricity is cheaper than fuel - electric engines are more efficient than internal combustion engines - electric engines can return energy to the network when breaking ( often in trafffic ) - electric engines are better at accelerating quickly than internal combustion engines advantages over trams : - cheaper infrastructure - work ok in hilly cities ( like lublin where i live ) - trams have problems in such terrain disadvantages : - ca n't overtake one another unlike buses - have to move in traffic unlike trams i quite like trolleys . 
  can russia veto eu forces doing the peacekeeping there ? 
  their . 
   ukrainians kill eastern ukrainians with the support of government and voters in the west . 
  separatist use heavy weapons , including artillery , rockets , anti-infantry mines ( forbidden in ukraine ) . 
  they put minefields before fighting started . 
  they killed unarmed people on the spot without judges to `` make order '' as they admitted . 
  there are their graves in s\u0142awia\u0144sk . 
  that was before ukrainian government started to fight with them . 
  they also hide between civilian houses to use civilians as living shields , and in some places stop civilians trying to escape . 
  no wonder there are civilian victims . 
  if you attack a country you should expect the country to defend itself . 
  ukraine was very patient - waiting 3 months for the separatists to give up before they started to fight them . 
  how can you blame defending side ? 
  i wonder how would russians like if kaliningrad oblast declared it 's independent state now . 
  no army would be used against them , right ? 
   in connection with the economic sanctions , introduced by the eu against dobrolyot , some of the european counteragents have backtracked on their obligations , saying that the lease contract and agreements on dobrolyot airlines ' technical maintenance and insurance , and on air navigation information exchanges have been annulled . 
  in conditions of unprecedented pressure coming from the european counteragents , dobrolyot airlines is compelled to suspend flights and ticket sale '' so yeah , my mistake .
