  he was responsible for liquidation of polish military intelligence service ( because according to pis it was a nest of russian spies ) , and did it in such manner , that deconspired many polish agents all over the world . 
  he also thinks kaczy\u0144ski was killed in a coup by po ( previous government ) and russia ( considering that kaczy\u0144ski was known for stupid bravery and forcing pilot to land in bad conditions before , it 's very unlikely ) . 
  this is one of these maps that are more detailed in places the author knows better . 
  there was 97 breweries in poland in 2013 . https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/beer_in_poland, 
  macierewicz , shut it down !, 
  they know !, 
   why for life is quite absurd and death 's the final word you must always face the curtain with a bow forget about your sin - give the audience a grin enjoy it - it 's your last chance anyhow . 
  tbh the most likely cause of the crash is the president forcing the pilot to land in bad conditions ( as he already did in tiblisi before ) . 
  the sad thing about propaganda is - counterexamples and logical arguments do n't work ( people can always choose which facts they accept , and they usually choose these that make them feel better about themselves ) . 
  also - the choice of things you talk about matters almost as much as what you actually say about these things . 
  if you are only going to speak about subjects choosen by the other side - you will support their narrative , even if you prove them wrong on every point . 
  the story is very polish too . 
  \u0141ukasiewicz had a pharmacy in lw\u00f3w ( now l'viv ) , some guy got him a few barrels of oil and asked him to try to make w\u00f3dka out of it  he have n't managed to make w\u00f3dka , but made kerosene , patented kerosene lamps , and started oil mining in southern poland . 
  so , basicaly : poland could into oil before it was cool . 
  from topological pov humans have at least 7 holes . 
  sth like 500 000 - 1 000 000 ukrainians are in poland right now . 
  good job ukraine , nice to know you have your priorities `` straight '' . 
   well , it is only consequence of how jews behaved towards us . 
  in the same way in which volhyn mass murders were only a consequence of how poles treated ukrainians . 
  actually no , jews deserved it even less . 
  your post is 10 % good points and 90 % bullshit and white-washing . 
  no , just 80 %  out anthem starts with `` poland is not [ yet ] lost , while we live ''  this poem was written after lost january uprising , when in poland there was discussion between romantics ( the old masters ) and positivists ( new generation ) . 
  positivists wanted to work for polish cause by working organicaly , educating kids , collaborating with occupants if there 's a need to , and waiting for a proper time . 
  romantics called that betrayal . 
  it can also be interpreted as calling for abandoning the hopes of recreating commonwealth , and to search for more modern version of state ( which at the time would be smaller nation state maybe ) . 
  and of course it can be interpreted universally . 
  i like it because it has rythm that works very well with the atmosphere . 
  i love the rythm of this poem , hard to translate , but i 've tried : useless remorses , toil in vain impotent spells and curses . 
  outlived shapes wo n't be back . 
  there will be no miracles . 
  world wo n't return you , going back , translucent ghosts and spirits . 
  neither with fire nor with sword you 'll stop a thought that 's running . 
  you 're to go forth with alive ones you 're to reach for a new life . 
  instead of wearing stubbornly withered crown of laurels . 
  you wo n't turn back the waves of life complains wo n't be of help . 
  impotent angers , remorse in vain world will go its own way . 
  for some more polish poetry with much better english translation : http://tlumacz-literatury.pl/polishpoetryfree.pdf, 
  cost/effect in polish healthcare is one of the best in world . 
  the bad side is - the cost is really small , so it odes n't take much effect . 
  it basicaly works on basis of `` simple stuff you buy privately or wait for ages , for complicated stuff everybody use public system and wait for ages , emergencies are prioritized , and if public system wo n't help you - charity is all you have left ( but it 's rare ) '' . 
  imho we can afford to build a little better system , but for the money we spend i do n't think we have the right to complain . 
  i do n't see how the fact that family name came from his language means polish language had to borrow it from his language and not from his name . 
  anyway , i 'm not a linguist . 
  it was n't all fun , at some point they started rebellion because they got shifted by polish nobles on their salary for fighting . 
  only sobieski ( yup , that sobieski that later `` saved vienna '' ) managed to calm them down and negotiate to start paying them again , give them some more land , and renegotiate priviledges . 
  i do n't think they are an useful model for modern times integration . 
  it 's very small minority , that was persecuted together with catholic majority by russians , and that earned respect of other poles by fighting together for centuries , including in many uprisings . 
  u\u0142ani ( polish light cavalry ) were even named after one family of lipka tatars , because of their contribution . 
  also i do n't know if modern countries are ready to use the same integration model as polish-lithuanian commonwealth . 
  for one thing - they were allowed to use separate law in their villages  modern times require different solutions . 
  poland wo n't switch from coal anytime soon , but the coal powerplants are minor problem when it comes to air pollution - they have been all retrofited with very good filters in last 2 decades . 
  the problem is - many people in old tenament houses and detached houses use old coal furnaces for heatin - with sth like 30 % efficiency and no filters . 
  and then they also burn cheapest low quality coal and trash . 
  there were some changes in law recently , maybe that will help . 
  for comparison - 73 people die each day in car accidents in russia . 
  should just be `` have you had anal sex in last n months '' , and not `` are you gay '' then . 
  it 's self-reported anyway , why not ask for the actual risk factor instead of proxies ? 
  the article is weird , they summed up the polish companies in top-50 from the main ranking , and top-12 from the `` rising stars '' category . 
  should have titled it 19 in top 62 tech innovators or sth . 
  also it 's nothing surprising considering poland has 1/3rd of the total population . 
  right , 7 are in other category `` rising stars '' ( there 's total of 12 companies there ) . 
  so it should be : ( 12/50 + 7/12 ) / 2 = 41 % or 19/62 = 31 % depending on how you want to normalize this . 
  still not a news . 
  geographicaly-challanged europe, 
   does n't contraflow fix this ? 
  only if russia sends enough gas for germany and the cut off countries . 
  by allowing russia to cut off gas to poland , baltic states and ukraine wihtout distrupting russian earnings from germany and the rest of eu . 
  these countries have population of 108\u00a0000\u00a0000 . 
  poland has 38\u00a0000\u00a0000 or 35 % of that . 
  19/50 = 38 % so , basicaly , not a news . 
  btw i 've copy pasted `` sum of populations of '' + list of these countries from the article to wolphram alpha , and it gave me the correct answer . 
  i 'm amazed , it 's actually useful now . 
  probably ca n't afford more . 
  proposing same rights for some group as others groups have does n't mean you are special interest party . 
  proposing restriction of rights to some groups that are not one particular group - means you are special interest party . 
  why not plan the classes for everybody and kids that want catholic lessons later go to the church ? 
  church got a lot of properties from state for free or for symbolic price , it 's still going on , and it 's absurd . 
  examples , just from one city : http://poznan.wyborcza.pl/poznan/1,36037,8537318,jakie_nieruchomosci_kosciol_odzyskal_w_poznaniu_.html it 's absurd , because church has priority over regular people - good luck fighting the state to return your family building if you 're not from church . 
  that 's at least legal . 
  there are also many half-legal affairs , like http://wdolnymslasku.pl/artykuly/164-pol-prawdy-i-kosciol-w-tle-oto-recepta-mediow-na-afere church gets to buy attractive land local government for 45 % the market prices , just because . 
  no open sale , so others ca n't offer bigger price . 
  and right now one of these buildings is used by emergency service . . and that happens a lot . 
  church + politics = mafia . 
  kids of parents that have n't send them to religious class have to wait for 45 minutes doing nothing , unless the school has ethics classes ( most do n't ) . 
  also the catholic lessons ( it 's not religious lessons if you only teach catholicism ) are financed by all taxpayers . 
  it 's just wrong . 
   since pis opposes tusk 's party , perhaps this is why there is a common misconception about thinking that pis would oppose the eu policies . 
  it does not . 
  duda just vetoed co2 targets . 
   and any attempt at criticizing the fact that they are going to run the country is insulting the people who have elected them just as much pis had no problems with calling people that voted po `` lemmings '' for the last 8 years . 
  not that po was much better with moherowe berety , but my point is - it 's hard to call for `` no complaining '' if you complained constantly even a week ago about the exact same thing . 
  we barely have arms industry . 
  they borrowed and spent their way out of the first crisis , and then defaulted in 1939 . https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/economy_of_nazi_germany  between 1933 and 1939 , the total revenue was 62 billion marks , whereas expenditure ( at times made up to 60 % by rearmament costs ) exceeded 101 billion , thus creating a huge deficit and national debt ( reaching 38 billion marks in 1939 ) that while they also had unpaid ww1 reperations to pay , and no credit from other big countries . 
  no wonder they defaulted in 1939 . https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/sovereign_default#europe - see germany basicaly if not for war - they would have had another economic crisis , and probably revolution after a few years . 
  they ca n't print usd ( * ) , and printing rubles will just make the inflation and exchange rates even worse ( and control over them is the main reason for reserve funds in the first place ) . 
  ( * ) i mean they can , but it will be counterfeited , and it 's hard to do that on the scale of billions with nobody noticing . 
  last time it happened ussr fell . 
  second last time it happened hitler invaded poland . 
   more developed parts of poland voted for more liberal parties as they understand that work is only way to improve your life . 
  or to be exact - they understand with liberalism they will have it better ( because htey have starting advantage ) , while with socialism they will have it worse so that others have it better ,
