  which part of it is n't true ? 
  because minimal salary would go higher than average salary in many c&ee countries is right now ? 
  because social safety net that for example in poland is rudimentary right now will be more complete , and hence more expansive , so costs of employing one worker in poorer parts of eu will increase to level up with the same costs in more developed/richer parts ? 
  in poland when you have a child , you get on time donation of 250 euro , and that 's it . 
  in welfare states like france or uk you get more monthly . 
  that 's one reason for why labour costs in poland are cheaper . 
  that would change , if there was unification . 
  similiar things with unemployement pensions - in poland iirc it 's around 200 euro monthly , for the first half a year , and nothing after that . 
  how much is it in germany ? 
  for how long ? 
  how long are your parental care holidays ? 
  because in poland it 's up to 6 months , to divide between both parents . 
  average salary there is around 500 euro per month after taxes . 
  most people earn less than that . 
  etc , etc. 
  the dichotomy is there , because in eu older countries have welfare state , and poorer , less developed ones do n't . 
  if we unify , will france or germany citizens agree to smaller salaries , less safety net , etc ? 
  i doubt it . 
  so the poorer parts of united eu wo n't be able to compete on price anymore . 
  and older parts of eu will still be more developed , so poor regions wo n't be able to compete on high tech , or labour effectiveness , either . 
  so what remains for them ? 
  tourism wo n't suffice to ever catch up . 
   the truth is , europe is falling behind . 
  bric are coming hard , not mention other countries . 
  are you sure the reason we are falling behind is that we are divided ? 
  because it seems to me , that the more probable reason is lack of competiveness of many of the eu countries . 
  higher labour costs , more welfare state , less hard-working population , etc , etc. 
  it 's hard to compete with china , when you 're being paid for the same job 5 times as much , and you have safety net . 
  they do n't , so they work harder for less money . 
  unification would mean the few eu countries that try to compete on price ( mostly central and eastern europe ) wo n't be able to . 
  being less developed than more rich countries , and not being able to compete on labour costs , these countries would depopulate , because investitions would concentrate on more developed countries in eu , and in countries outside eu , where labour is cheaper . 
  it was n't eu . 
  it was protests of tousands of regular people in many eu countries , that rejected acta . 
  politicians were happy to sign it , and only when people protested they backed off . 
  lack of trust is another . 
  what 's to ensure smaller countries , that after forming true unified democracy , when another crisis hits , all `` peripherial '' states wo n't be sacrificed to save the core ? 
  hell , it 's already the case in my country - state investitions are focused in a few priviledged places . 
  what 's to ensure that after unification whole countries wo n't be neglecked , when the whole of eu focuses on the most developed parts ? 
  after all - democracy means majority rules , and the most probably dividing lines in the future unified eu are still national borders . 
  also `` kr\u00f3lewiec '' when it was polish ( but it was a long time ago ) . 
  myself , obviously . 
  do n't worry , luka always invites them back after a while . 
  * wish but i 'm sad it 's a mistake . 
  wales is close . 
  and in russia they would use mutated eagles with two heads . 
  i did n't knew how to translate `` kartka '' or `` talon '' . 
  it was document that allowed you to buy something . 
  for example everybody had the right to buy 2 pair of leather shoes a year ( i do n't remember the exact number , assume 2 ) , and to regulate that , state distributed such kartka for shoes to everybody . 
  you had a piece of thick paper with small rectangles that you had to cut out and give to shop clerk when you bought your shoes . 
  the same for sugar , alcohol , better meat kinds ( at least in eighties , with time more and more goods required kartkas ) . 
  talons ( as i understand it - i was kid then ) was for `` bigger '' goods like cars , furniture , etc and were given on some occasions ( like for furniture for young marriages , or for cars that required you to sign on and wait a few years to get it ) . 
  it was another ( more important ) kind of money in the sense that regular money wo n't suffice to buy you something . 
  also people exchanged kartkas between themselves . 
   the eastern bloc economies were pretty much capitalism with heavy state intervention . 
  there were at least 3 kinds of currency ( official - polish zloty , illegal - usd and other foreign currencies , and talons ) , from which the official one was the least important , the illegal one was the most valuable , and talons were required to buy most things ( at least in eighties ) . 
  it was illegal to own usd , but you could exchange them to `` polish equivalent '' using government mandated exchange rate ( black market exchange rate was orders of magnitude better ) and you could buy imported goods in special shops for those `` polish usd equivalents '' . 
  salaries were in official currency , did n't depended on performance , and did n't bought you anything except basic goods , prices and salaries were set by the state , so the official currency was superficial . 
  private business was forbidden until late eighties . 
  it 's really hard to call this system capitalism , because means of production belonged to state and free market was non-existant . 
  many post-soviet countries defaulted on their debt when they turned capitalist ( at least partly ) . 
  for example poland was forgiven some of its debts in early ' 90 . 
  for these countries credit ( no pun intended  ) - they were smart enough not to get much new debt after 1989 , that 's why they are more solvent now in general . 
  communist countries were very , very , very inefficient . 
  so inefficient , that 1 year after the shock therapy of 1989 in poland , amid 20 % unemployement , after a few years of hyperinflation , with state factories bankrupting all over the place , people having hard time to live in a new reality , shops were full of goods , poland produced enough food to export it . 
  before 1989 most goods had to be regulated because of shortages , and everybody had a job . 
  100 % of poles during communism produced much less , than 80 % of poles during initial phases of capitalism , when everything was changinng all the time , and nobody knew what to do  the inefficiences came from a few factors . 
  i think the main factor was that having a job was state mandated - everybody got a job , no matter if he 's any good , if he do sth at all . 
  people drinked beer at building site for 6 hours , and hit a few times with hammer when manager came , and they went to home after that . 
  no incentives for work = = everybody pretended they work , nobody did anything if it was possible to avoid it . 
  also even if you got raise , you had the same living standard , because to buy anything important you had to have not only money , but also talons . 
  so why bother with working hard , if it gives you nothing ? 
  other than that - state made stupid decisions all the time . 
  for example huge industrial complex ( nowa huta ) was placed near the most pretty and historic polish city ( krak\u00f3w ) , without any economical reasons , just to put there more factory workers to balance all these intelectual workers that were state oponents . 
  gierek indebted poland and wasted most of the money on stupid investitions that generated jobs and growth for a few years , but after that only generated costs and spiraling debt . 
  like buying licences for outdated foreign products that were then mass produced in poland . 
  poles bought them , because there was no alternative , but export was a big no-no . 
  incentives were set by state in stupid way . 
  for example poland has big coal reserves , but almost no oil reserves . 
  so communist made incentives in such a way , that transport by ( coal or electricaly powered ) trains was prefered over transport by cars that run on oil . 
  there were documented cases where something was transported 20 km to railroad reloaded to train , transported 5 km on this railroad , reloaded to truck , then transported 20 km from this railroad to the destination , when 15 km transport by truck would suffice , just because if sth was transported on rails , factory got some goodies ( like talons for cars for managers , or sth ) . 
  things produced by industry were bad quality , and outdated , because whatever got eventually produced , would be sold out anyway , because there were shortages of everything . 
  people bought shoes no matter the shape and of wrong size , whenever they had a chance , just to be able to exchange them with neighborns for sth other , because it was rare to be able to buy shoes of any size at all , so you bought whatever you could . 
  the most wanted good was toilet paper ( i kid you not - it was very hard to get toilet paper , there was never enough of it ) . 
  cars were sold on talons . 
  you signed in for a car , waited for sth like 5 years , then if you had luck you could buy that car ( the price was very cheap ) . 
  if you wanted , you could sold your car after a few years of driving it , for a few times more , than the original price , because people wanted to buy a car without waiting . 
  of course the cars produced sucked , but it was better than nothing . 
  it was one huge mad house . 
  you think of warsaw uprising of 1943 , and this movie is about warsaw uprising of 1944 . 
  i 'd like eu to introduce rule , that each year number of characters in the whole law of eu should decrease , until it is possible to read everything you need to understand it in one week , and then it should still decrease , or stay constant . 
  `` while half of the world starves '' this is the important part . 
  if there was no scarcity of food , nobody would starve . 
  surplus food only happens in well developed capitalist countries . 
  communist and/or underdeveloped countries struggle even with producing enough food for their citizens . 
  so no , communism wo n't suddenly start working for food production . 
  regarding open source - in fact most contributions to open source software are done by paid programmers ( because companies specializing in x wants good software they need to do y , but doing it all in house is too expansive , so they instead contribute changes to existing open source software that does almost y ) , but that does n't matter , because what 's important is that everybody can use , distribute and improve the software , because copies do n't cost original creator a dime . 
  we are not post scarcity when it comes to any material goods , because once you stop paying people according to results , people wo n't produce much of anything . 
  farmer would produce only as much , as he needs for himself , if he do n't get more real money for more food . 
  and you can not copy food . 
  communism gets wrong the scope of the goods that should be shared .
