  http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/meteor_ ( rocket ) http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/miros%c5%82aw_hermaszewski http://www.brite-pl.pl/index_en.html http://www.kosmonauta.net/en/poland/3857-2012-02-13-pw-sat.html but truth never stands a chance against a good meme . 
  first year in esa . 
  these young polish lads mostly emigrated cause they thought themselves too good to work the same jobs in poland ( admitedly - for 1/5th as much money , and the life costs are only half that of uk ) . 
  if you ca n't have a white-collar job you can at least work for real money , and out of sight of your neighbors and family . 
  and we import ukrainians to do that jobs here . 
  perpetual circle of life , etc. 
  these signals never go off . 
  nobody know what to do , and nobody believed it 's really war or sth like that , quick check on radio/internet confirmed that it 's nothing . 
  and if you went to home your boss will be angry next day in the most likely event it 's just a test or sth . 
  it 's the same with firefighting drills - most people ignore them case boss would be angry for half a hour wasted on `` doing nothing '' . 
  regarding the alarms - nobody cares , and nobody remembers which signal means what . 
  in case of real war everybody will ignore them till there 's article on wykop or twitter or reddit , or something in radio . 
  why are they even used instead of regular media , if everybody ignore them ? 
  nope . 
  advantage . 
  everybody speaks english so it 's not an advantage - it 's a requirement . 
  it 's like asking if having a hammer is an advantage  everybody have a hammer so it 's not . 
  if you know just english there 's over 1 000\u00a0000\u00a0000 people that compete with you . 
  if you speak german there 's like 100\u00a0000\u00a0000 people competing with you . 
  if you speak polish - just 50\u00a0000\u00a0000 people or so . 
  there 's the other side of course - demand . 
  but english + other language is still better than just english ( and many english-speakers do n't learn another language ) , so non-anglophones still win . 
  also i 've already read the whole witcher cycle by 1999 , and i 've read lem books in the original language , 
  source ? 
  never seen it . 
  probably because i have n't installed windows recently . 
  on laptop i use preinstalled windows , on the desktop i use linux . 
  in poland ie is the program you use to download a web browser . 
  more probably it will be derailed by usa insisting on their insane copyright and patent law being included . 
  france and uk sold czechoslovakia to germany anyway . 
  but yeah - that was bad move by poland . 
  polish education usually says it was justified by czechoslovakia taking these territories ( zaolzie ) from poland a few years before , but it 's just an excuse . 
  pogroms were small scale incidents , not supported by majority , not inspired by state , and happened in many countries , uk included . 
  yet i do n't see you claiming that british people `` wanted to kill the jews '' . 
  and i still do n't see what anything of this has to do with ussr political goals . 
  pretty much last moment was 1921-1940 you mean ? 
  http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/franco-polish_alliance_ ( 1921 ) there are also rumours about pi\u0142sudski propositon to preventively invade germany together with france in early thirties , when it become ovious that they started to build up their army again . 
  then poland signed non-aggression treaty with germany , but everybody were signing these , so i do n't see what 's wrong with that . 
  regarding `` kill the jews '' - do you have any sources ? 
  cause while there were serious antisemitic sentiments ( most outrageous examples - limited number of seats in universities for jews , and a petiton to sent all the jews to madagascar ) , i do n't remember anybody with any political power that wanted to kill the jews . 
  i would compare the public opinion to modern uk or french anti-muslim or anti-roma sentiments . 
  there was antisemitic party in pre-ww2 poland called `` narodowa demokracja '' , but even they did n't wanted to kill the jews , and they never won the elections anyway . 
  i think the antisemitism in prewar poland is overestimated . 
  yeah right . 
  compare temporary internment of a 100 000 during a war to a permanent expulsion of millions after the war . 
  totally the same thing . 
  i am aware that usa is not holy ( but you could have choosen much better examples - like what they did to indians or slavery ) , but it 's still nothing near the level of ussr or nazi germany . 
  1600 pln/month is doable , but not in warsaw , krak\u00f3w or wroc\u0142aw . 
  in medium cities it 's ok . you can get a room in lublin in students flat for around 500 pln all utilities included , 1100 pln for food/beer/transport / museums etc for a month will suffice . 
  during the summer holidays ( july-september ) the room prices will be even cheaper cause the students go away and the student cities are `` empty '' . 
  do n't stay in gda\u0144sk , warszawa , krak\u00f3w or wroc\u0142aw for too long , cause these cities are expansive . 
  poland does n't have big distances , in 3 months you can visit most of it no matter which city you choose as a base . 
  trains are very cheap ( there is 25euro ticket called  touristic < that is valid between friday 18:00 and monday 6:00 for as many rides as you wish for majority of the train operators ) , but do n't use night trains if you go alone - there are thieves that wait for people to fall asleep . 
  and do n't expect the trains to be comfortable in the 2nd class . 
  well , he liked pi\u0142sudski efficiency , and the fact that pi\u0142sudski was supposedly responsible for the defeat of red army in 1921 ( in reality the plan of the battle was made by younger officers , pi\u0142sudski just had the balls to go with it ) . 
  but politicaly poland was one of the most anti-nazi countries in europe before ww2 . 
  certainly more anti-nazi than ussr , especially after the rapallo treaty . 
  minority rights in post-ww2 ussr and sattelites : you have a few days to pack up your family and goods and move 1000 km to live in a new place . 
  if you happen to not like that you are free to go to gulag instead or die . 
  if you happen to live in the wrong place-starve to death . 
  and do n't complain or else . 
  usa was still better . 
  they attacked poland together with nazis in 17th september of 1939 . 
  half of the poland in 1940 was under ussr occupation - the other half under german . 
  then nazis attacked ussr in 1941 , so ussr fought back . 
  anyway - both were murderous totalitarian regimes worth each other , stalin was just smarter . 
  seriously ? 
  poland was nazi-aligned before ww2 ? 
  that 's why it was allied with uk and france against hitler , and why pi\u0142sudski asked france to help deal with hitler in thirties already be invading germany together ? 
  would have prevented ww2 and holocaust among other things . 
  poland was trying to be independent on both nazi germany and ussr . 
  did n't worked out , but at least it tried . 
  other countries ilke romania , hungary , scandinavian countires just have choosen the lesser evil ( which back then was nazi germany for most politicians ) . 
  and it 's poland that was nazi-aligned , you say ? 
  i agree that some things are relative - like what people can and ca n't do with their genitalia . 
  but some things are simple . 
  this is one of such things . 
  if you kill innocent people ( against their will , not in self defence ) you are evil . 
  simple as that . 
  even more if you order others to kill innocent people ( previous conditions apply ) . 
  that does n't mean hitler is unique in human history - i 'll say stalin , mao , king leopold and probably many more i do n't know about are on a similair level . 
  but yeah - he was evil . 
  ireland . 
  their music is just awesome . 
  yes . 
  would be rude otherways ? 
  i agree regardin normal words . 
  it happens naturally , nothing is lost , so no problem . 
  but why call people something different than what they want to be called ? 
  it 's stupid . 
  more like divorced marriage . 
  = `` nothing happened poles , nothing happened !, 
  poles did it also ( the transliteraion ) , for example fryderyk chopin was spelled fryderyk szopen in poland even 60 years ago . 
  but it 's stupid and nobody do this anymore . 
  my favorite : `` x to o kant dupy pot\u0142uc '' = '' [ only use of x ] is to break x by crashing it against an edge of your ass '' , it means this x is useless , broken , etc. 
  is n't it better to let people decide for themselves which parts of their body they can keep ? 
  1000 euro/month in poland is more than average salary after taxes , most people earn around 700-800 euro per month after taxes , many live for less than 500 euro per month . 
  in lublin you can rent 50-60m2 flat ( usually 2 rooms + kitchen + wc ) near the center for less than 350 euro ( including electricity , heating , water ) , internet is less than 15 euro per month , food is very cheap , 2-dish dinner in average restaurant is 4-5 euro , beer is 1 euro per liter , you can comfortably spend less than 100 euro per month on food . 
  if you plan to work as a native speaker , or work in it there 's no problem with finding a job , if you plan on doing anything else - it 's hard . 
  in warsaw from what i 've heard flat costs are 2 times bigger , food costs are 20 % bigger , the rest stays the same .
