  west blew it off , together with russia `` elites '' . 
  was it really neccessary to fight with chechens ? 
  why have you elected drunkard ? 
  what 's with all that mafia and former kgb ? 
  i think these problems made it impossible to transform russia like its neighbors did as much , as west being too afraid of russia in the early '90 ( being afraid of putin russia is reasonable imho ) . 
  other countries listened to western advisors , too , and made it . 
  but no matter what - independent countries that were free at least after 50 or more years of ussr de-facto occupation should n't be denied security ( nato membership ) just because of promises made to appease ussr . 
  even marriage made under threat is null and void . 
  russia needs to stop thinking about its neighbors as its `` sphere of influence '' . 
  that 's so last century . 
   so after few decades being treated as shit , russia started to treat everyone else as such . 
  yeah , because before russia was such a nice country to its neighbors , 
  no problem . 
  i might not be the most gifted kid , but i 've gone thorough ( shitty ) primary school and ( good ) secondary school without really studying , and with good grades . 
  i was used to good grades without trying , and at university i had really hard time adapting to the thought that i need to study . 
  people that were less `` gifted '' were doing just fine , cause they were used to work hard . 
  i think when you were n't really pushing yourself for 12 years , it can be hard to switch suddenly . 
  you think something 's wrong with you , that you 're stupid or sth , when in reality the thing that 's wrong is - you 've never learnt to work hard . 
  i 've seen other people struggle with this . 
  it would be better if teachers at primary and secondary schools were trying harder to challenge all students , not only focusing on the average ones . 
  i hoped to gloat , you and your good sportsmanship ruined it all . 
   also , i fear you 're taking this too naively . 
  what you say only holds if total output of the economy is unchanged . 
  if there 's slack in the economy , and there is , and if `` printing money '' mobilises that slack , there need not be inflation . 
  as i said before - if these people spend their wages demanding goods and services and the private sector can grow to meet their demand rather than raise prices - where 's the inflation ? 
  yes there 's more money in the economy - there 's also more production , and why would the breadmakers/candlestick makers be raising prices if they have excess capacity ? 
  yeah , we 're speaking about naive , idealized conditions ( i 've stated explicitly the assumption that funded guaranteed job will be useless like digging a hole and filling it again ) . 
  that useless job does n't really increase economy size , cause nobody needs the results . 
  so we have more money = = more demand for the things people actually want to buy , but same amount of the things people actually want , so the prices for these things will increase . 
  of course if we produced things that people actually want , this changes . 
  but government is really , really bad at this , mainly because people love to game the bureaucratic machine , and controlling them to prevent that is hard ( and it 's another job that 's only overhead and does n't really add value , and then you need to control the controllers , etc , etc ) . 
  i 've seen how eu funds for education of workforce are used . 
  it 's basically what you propose - paying the teachers to inject money into economy , even if nobody really needs the thing they teach ( my wife was on 2 such courses about eu funds and about bookkeeping when she was unemployed - it 's one huge scam , teachers were n't teaching anything , one even showed the class action movies during classes on her laptop to `` pass time '' ) . 
  i agree some things should be financed by government , but in most of the eu most of these things already are financed from taxes . 
  there 's a point after which more intervention hurts . 
   poland is 14th , before germany and russia ( and usa obviously ) . 
  but printing money makes them less valuable . 
  and we 're paying people to do not-so-useful work . 
  so we basically rob people that produce something useful to fund their consumers and as a byproduct create something useless . 
  it makes the whole economy less efficent ( because resources were n't unused before without a reason - using them were n't profitable ) . 
  in the long term inefficient economies fall ( see ussr and sattelites ) . 
  i am not sure this is the solution . 
   this is the problem in greece/spain today where the majority are willing and able to work more hours , but simply ca n't due to a shortage of money/spending . 
  this is not an innate or necessary restraint , rather one that we have created through a poorly designed monetary system . 
  one more thing constraints economy - demand . 
  printing money and paying people that want to work is not going to help , if you 're not producing things/services that are needed by someone . 
  otherways we could solve all our economical problems by paying people to dig and fill holes in the ground repeatedly . 
  yeah , but we can into space now . 
  i think it was the right choice . 
  by `` by hand '' i 've meant without a compiler , 
  yeah , i 've heard about that . 
  you should always recompile your compilator by hand first , 
  kgb backdoors , cia backdoors , what 's the difference ? 
  at least you can recompile it from the source . 
  same reason you funded eastern germany after 89 . 
  also same reason spain got so much money before . 
  for examples where this money go - in my city ( lublin - 9th largest polish city , 350 000 population , 100 000 university students each year ) right now we finish airport ( have n't had one before ) . 
  we 're also building ring road for the city ( now transit to ukraine goes right throught the center of the city ) , better road connection to warsaw ( right now the road to warsaw is the most dangerous in the whole poland , and one of the most crowded ) , and to border with ukraine is in progress . 
  infrastructure investments in eastern poland from national budget was almost nonexistant in last 20 years so eu funds are crucial there . 
  we 're also finishing huge theatre/cultural center for the whole region ( the building was started 37 years ago , there were always more important things to do with money , finally it will be finished . 
  for big academical center like lublin i think cultural investments are justified . 
  big money are also invested into renovation of old buildings ( like lublin castle , old city , the most important buildings ) . 
  there are much more things , some money are wasted ( for example there are stupid social campaigns paid from eu money - like posters everywhere that `` you should eat fish '' , etc. 
  like anybody will change diet because of poster ... 
  anyway - there 's room for slashing costs , but not in the infrastructure funding . 
  polish infrastructure , especially in eastern regions is still underdeveloped . 
  instead you can cut the money for education ( the eu funded courses are one huge scam right now ) and for social campaigns . 
  edit : i 've forgot to add that all projects funded from eu are only funded in 30-70 % - the rest are polish money . 
  `` spiegel online : still , russia has announced that it will develop its own computer operating system '' yeah , because making russia-themed linux distribution is going to change everything . 
  how much are you willing to pay for that ? 
  we thought same in poland . 
  but in the end it got even worse . 
  same colors , different shades . 
  but ok , i stand corrected . 
  while i agree smole\u0144sk crash was most probably an accident caused by incompetence and routine on both polish and russian sides , i think you should stop propagating such stereotypes . 
  there are institutions in poland that are useless , and there are institutions that are competent and working perfectly ok . attributing flaws of these worse institutions to some `` national characteristic '' is stupid . 
  well , we do have small islamic minority near bia\u0142ystok , but they 're here since xvii-xviii century , so i doubt they 'll turn into terrorists after all these years . 
  we also had our share of polish national terrorists/freedom fighters ( see attempts to kill tzar miko\u0142aj when he was formal king of polish congress kingdom ) . 
  also pi\u0142sudski was kind of terrorist before poland regained independence - he was a member ( later a leader ) of a illegal communist party/band , he robbed russian trains with money and used them to fund communist/polish ( it was same thing then ) press , buying weapons for members etc. 
  not to mention polish diversion during ww2 occupation - polish resistance ( ak and other groups ) were throwing bombs into germans-only cinemas , crashing trains with weapon transports , causing accidents in weapon factories , snipe-killing the most cruel gestapo officers on polish terrain etc. 
  sometimes innocent people suffered too . 
  we even had polish suicide bombers detonating bombs in german-only places in german occupied warsaw during ww2 . 
  mostly these were people that were incurably ill . 
  to each his own , i guess . 
  but you 're the first person i know that prefers 2 taps . 
  can you explain whats better in 2 taps setup ? 
  cause the disadvantage is obvious - instead of choosing any temperature between hot and cold you can only get hot or cold . 
  yeah , people sell blueberries and mushrooms along the roads in the countryside here . 
  sometimes they sit nearby , sometimes ( less often ) they just leave fruits on the table near the road with price and container for money . 
  i 've never seen people trying this in the city , thought . 
  free newspapers have different audience ( people less likely to buy things ) , so they have to charge less for ads . 
  paying for newspaper is a barrier to select the most profitable readers to earn more on ads . 
  another example ( also from uk ) - 2 taps in the sinks ( one for too hot water , the other for too cold ) . 
  germany and scandinavia are counter-examples ( high internet usage , firefox and chrome still wins ) . 
  internet usage per country ( from http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_sovereign_states_in_europe_by_number_of_internet_users ) http://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/3/39/europe_polar_stereographic_caucasus_urals_boundary.svg/700px-europe_polar_stereographic_caucasus_urals_boundary.svg.png, 
  i 've recently switched to chrome/chromium from firefox . 
  it 's faster , especially on javascript-heavy sites . 
  early xvii century . 
  http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/polish%e2%80%93muscovite_war_ ( 1605 % e2 % 80 % 931618 ), 
  then in 1989 we liberated ourselves from ussr , then germany reunited themselves , and then in 1991 ussr fall .
