  for example eu does n't recognize independence of donbas and lughansk whatevers , but we 're nto at war with them . 
  liberation of auschwitz found to be illegal according to german law at the time . 
  in shocking news tommorow russia discovers nato is in fact illegal and not a real alliance . 
   again , the `` exception '' is the whole class for gay people . 
  and the whole class of infertile people . 
  no reason to choose one class over another . 
  sorry i do n't have time for further discussion . 
   they force their own beliefs and expect others to conform . 
  you forbid them to have right to marry . 
  they forbid you to do what exactly ? 
  you may still believe they go to hell and it 's `` not real marriage '' . 
   when you ca n't voice your opinion against something , that something is not universal , it 's forced . 
  guess what - that was exactly the situation of heterosexual-marriage-only for most of the history in europe . 
  you say heterosexual-marriage-only was n't universal after all  ? 
   hermaphrodites could qualify as they have the potential to meet the standard . 
  some can some ca n't . 
  will you disallow it for the infertile ones ? 
  where is the line ? 
  will you look at the chromosomes ? 
   one is the exception and they could if . 
  in gay marriage , there 's no exception where they could if . 
  if both of the infertile people married were n't infertile - they could have kids . 
  if one of married bisexual men were a women - they could have kids . 
  why is one situation ok and the other not ? 
  it 's clearly not the `` possibility to have kids if your biology worked differently '' as you claimed , because then bisexual men should have the right to marriage easier than infertile man-women pair . 
  you just thing biologic sex is the important distinction , yet you insist you actually think producing a child is the distinction . 
  why do you lie to yourself  ? 
   if i were a christian in china , i 'd still oppose the gay marriage . 
  it stems first from personal beliefs/standards etc. 
  you may oppose whatever you wish but to expect non-religious state to force others to conform to your religious beliefs is arrogant and evil . 
   marriage is universal it 's not . 
  for one thing `` marriage '' is an english word , and there are different translations in diffferent languages . 
  just like with `` love '' - in some languages romantic love is same word as parential love or brotherly love , in some it is n't . 
  same with the meaning of `` marriage '' . 
  for another thing - rules differ - for example there are cultures marriages allowing more than 2 people , allowing or forbidding divorces on various conditions , there were even `` probatory '' marriages ( during which you were not supposed to have kids , yet it was a marriage - that was btw the relationship between st joseph and st mary when she got pregnant with jesus - would be huge scandal if not for the god intervention ) . 
  there was `` brotherly union '' institutions in ancient catholic church , using the same symbolism as modern marriage ( a mass , priest , binding of hands , kissing the brother ) - saints sergius and bachus were married '' that way . 
  it was called adelphopoiesis - look it up . 
  there were indian tribes where there was institution of two-spirits - man who were considered woman and vice-versa , and they in some tribes could form ( from our point of view ) homosexual marriage . 
  and of course now there are countries and people that view marriage as human + human . 
  it 's not universal if people disagree . 
   it can be reductible to catholicism or religion in religious states . 
  do you live in a religious state ? 
  because my state has state-religion separation written in constitution and proclaims that all religions , and atheists are equal to law . 
  i would actualy prefer for catholics to be honest about their demands - `` we want catholic sharia law '' . 
  they prefer to hide that saying their opinions are `` universal '' , or at best `` european '' . 
   artificially maybe . 
  it 's called `` thought experiment '' . 
   that 's the exception . 
  some people are born with no members , organs or siamese . 
  that does n't detract the meaning and the inherent characteristics of people as a class . 
  and some people are born homosexual . 
  they are the exception too , just slightly more common than infertile people . 
  it apparently detracts the meaning and the inherent characteristics from them according to you . 
  btw are 2 hermaphroditas getting marrried ok with you ? 
  or are their inherent characteristics not matching your stereotypes enough to be worthy of marriage ? 
   on the other hand , the exception of gay marriage still ca n't produce a child . 
  the exception of bald infertile people also ca n't produce child . 
  do n't see how it matters . 
   but objective and reasonable justification exist , most notably the one that one union can produce children and the other ca n't . 
  union between infertile man and infertile women ca n't produce children either , so that 's clearly not the reason we allow or forbid marriages . 
  also partenogenesis is a thing , and will probably be feasible in human at some point . 
  i doubt you will then suddenly change your mind , so stop saying this is the reason . 
   marriage exist in all cultures/countries/religions / groups around the world since the beginning of time . 
  it 's not reductible to catholicism or what have you . 
  yeah . 
  my whole point . 
  no reason to reduce it to man + women on religious grounds . 
  and there are no other grounds . 
  under severe punishment of not being respected himself , to boot . 
   majority of them have no problem with it ... how do you know ? 
  what is nambla ? 
  also - how does some positive articles about 1 guy who support something bad `` tells me enough about people who support this gay stuff '' ? 
  everybody who support gay rights is evil because one guy is ... 
  it 's like saying math is bad because hitler belived 2 +2 = 4 ( btw he was anti-smoker and started first anti-smoking campaign in the world - does it says to you that smoking is good and you know everything you need from the fact that hitler was against smoking ? ) . 
  if you used same criteria for stuff outside gay rights you would have to consider every single political , religious , social , and scientific movement a nest of evil bastards . 
  but you do n't - you just do n't like gays and you search for some justification , you do n't apply same rules for everybody else . 
  it 's natural , but still - better to be aware about own biases . 
  also - basic decency demands , that if you say i lie - you should show where . 
  gays do n't demand everybody start fucking same gender , or going to gaypride parades . 
  so i do n't see how your analogy works . 
  also - blacks do wanted respect iiuc . 
  the fact that black can sit on the end of the bus , and ca n't sit in the front , and for whites it 's the other way around - does n't make it a fair law . 
  you still restrict people rights for no reason . 
  the term marriage meant church marriage a few hundreds years ago , and it was a travesty to use if for `` sinful '' relationship ( civil marriage ) . 
  now nobody cares and we 're better for it . 
  why should we let obsolete terminology hold back basic human rights ? 
  nobody protested when catholics took jewish marriage and changed the rules ( disallowing divorces for example ) . 
  why do they think they have the right to protest further changes now ? 
  they have n't invented the idea , they just offer one version of it . 
  the whole `` anti-gender '' movement is one huge exercise in hypocrisy and egoistic thinking . 
  `` i am not racist but i do n't like blacks going on the streets forcing everybody to celebrate black lifestyle . 
  look at them wearing these stupid clothes and rapping these stupid songs . 
  if they just all shut up and behaved like normal people i would be ok with them . '', 
   the same right they lack , everybody lacks . 
  it 's obviously false . 
  if i 'm male i can marry a women . 
  if i 'm female - i ca n't . 
  that is the same right that half of population has and the other half do n't . 
  there is really no good reason for that restriction . 
  why ?
