  sorry russia , you have economy the size of italy , you do n't get to set rules for others . 
  it 's self-contradicting ideology , do you realize that ? 
  as true as : public opinion should assume anyone advocating intellectual property protection is wannabe tyrant and wants censorship . 
  native polish , ok english , poor german . 
  i can mostly understand ukrainian , czech and slovak , because of similarity to polish . 
  nazi liberal . 
  these are the worst . 
  yeah , what would he do ? 
  be concerned maybe . 
  putin is n't dumb , he wo n't start ww3 over xetails . 
  he 's only doing as much as he think he can get away with . 
  he will stop when there 's risk of real response from the west . 
  for now he reads weak western politicians almost perfectly . 
  in this case the correct treatmen is exactly what you would do with a school bully . 
  nobody would calculate it by hand . 
  your cellphone could calculate it in less than second . 
  i was in catholic high school , and on ethics lessons we had no references to sin . 
  that 's what religion lessons are for . 
  sin you say . 
  against which god ? 
  i thought ethics does n't require the concept of god . 
  tbh when poles fought with germans and not against we usually kicked ass . 
  the problems started when prussia started to rule germany . 
  that 's the theory . 
  in practice russia can take estonia in 48 hours , and say `` deal with it , or we will nuke you '' . 
  what would nato do ? 
  poland is impossible to conquer so quickly , but baltic states are in very hard situation . 
  who would start a war on weekend ? 
  that 's barbarism !, 
  poland spends 1.9 % , and the big weapons purchases ( like f16 or missile defense ) are financed separately and does n't count to that . 
  there are autoatic response systems . 
  one ballistic missile can easily start ww3 , even if it `` just '' targetting wilderness . 
  weird . 
  it 's taught in primary and secondary schools . 
  how would you call yalta conference if not betrayal ? 
  you had your reasons ( scared of ussr ) , but it was still betrayal . 
   also , historically , britain has always tried to have poland 's back . 
  we fought each other a few times as well . 
  for example poland backed napoleon ( he is still considered hero here ) . 
  population growth in eu is almost zero . 
  how many new buildings do you think we will need , and for how long ? 
  there goes building industry . 
  what about cars ? 
  oil prices will rise , more and more jobs will move to internet , telecommuting will be ever more popular . 
  public transport will become more efficient . 
  already in many c&ee countries most people drive used cars . 
  people will buy less and less new cars eventually ( if we switch to electric cars there will be temporary increase ) . 
  same with tv - there are some new gadgets in them , but most of these are useless . 
  even computers are now bought much less often than 10 years ago , because the progress slowed down ( you can play most new games on 5 years old pc - that would be impossible 10 years ago , same with new office software ) . 
  meanwhile services will be always required . 
  you can not reuse service your father bought 10 years ago - you must buy a new one . 
  then there are reserves from conscription ( few hundred tousands , but they are mostly people that were trained for half a year 10 years ago and had no training ever since ) . 
  and the nsr forces ( + - 14 000 people , plans are to increase that to 20 000 ) - volunteers that are training with real army every few months , but are only paid for their expenses and a little diet when they are training , and can be mobilized much quicker than regular reserves . 
  professional soldiers are only a part of army . 
  modern f-16 versions ( like block 52 + ) are better than anything russia have ( mostly because of better air-air rockets and better radars ) . 
  the problem is in numbers . 
  regarding all the catastrophes you predict we will face - most of them will increase amount of work that needs to be done , so it will decrease unemployement and make economy better . 
  i do n't see how that 's an argument agains capitalism . 
   i think automation is great but not when combined with capitalism where people rely on jobs to get money . 
  there 's infinite amount of work that can be done . 
  if people have all their basic needs satisfied ( because automation makes enough of everything that most people does n't need to work on that ) - people will just work to satisfy their less basic needs . 
  like art , enterntainment , science , etc. 
  such changes already happened many times in history , i do n't know why you think this time will be different . 
  yes , but you have to be smart - use austerity when economy works ok ( to decrease the public debt ) , and use the saved money when economy is bad . 
   we simply mechanized various activities and processes . 
  but those machines still required humans to build , fix and operate them . 
  and the reason it was done was : the mechanized job was more efficient than not mechanized one , so there was less people needed to produce same amount of stuff . 
  even contemporary luddites realized that and started a campaign to stop industrialization  now we need programmers and engineers . 
  if we have general artifical intelligence we will need people to manage them - computer psychatrists ? 
  ( until it develops enough to manage us instead that is ) . 
   sounds more like faith than science . 
  it 's basic economy . 
  when there 's not enough energy to satisfy demand the prices will rise until enough people work on the problem that somebody solve it ( or it 's unsolvable ) . 
  sun proves that the problem is possible to solve therefore somebody will solve it . 
   sure but it [ oil ] wo n't be viable as an energy source of course , it will be used as energy carrier , not as a source . 
  that 's the whole point - oil has very good energy density , unmatched by any battery . 
  energy source will be a power plant and biomass will be turned into oil . 
  oil will be burned , co2 will be caught by biomass , more energy will be produced in power plants , etc. 
  the cycle of life , not unlike what animals and plants do today   nuclear power is not as efficient as people think it is currently nuclear power research is very stagnant , because people fear nuclear weapons proliferation and the research is constrained by laws . 
  we use designs from 60s , and while they are n't as efficient as nuclear power could be - they are still better than any other power source we have nowadays . 
  india is working on thorium reactors and breeder reactors . 
  if they manage it ( and they probably will - they already test thorium reactor this year ) nuclear power will be much better cost-wise ( and thorium is n't good for weapons so it will be easier to commercialize and improve the design ) . 
  breeder reactors also make the nuclear powerplants much more fuel-efficient and make them produce much less waste ( orders of magnitude less per mw of energy produced ) . 
  solving fusion is mostly a matter of more precise control over magnetic field ( so the plasma can be kept in place ) , and better materials ( so the plasma wo n't destroy the reactor ) . 
  it will happen too , we already have new materials we just need to learn to produce them in big enough amounts ( aerogels , graphen and related materials ) . 
   the droughts , floods and unpredictable weather will drive food prices through the roof and cause untold damage to our infrastructure . 
  the bad weather will be a problem , but people will adapt . 
  and in the end it certainly wo n't make unemployement worse ( if anything it will solve the unemployement because many people will die , other will be needed to rebuild everything ) . 
  all in all i do n't think our economy will be the problem in future . 
  could you remind me last time nato member annexed anyone ? 
  what about russia ? 
   automation how is the automation situation different from the start of industrial revolution ? 
  people claimed that it would take our jobs , yet more jobs were created than destroyed . 
  why should that change now ? 
  you can always produce more software , books , movies , research more stuff about universe , more drugs and do more expansive experiments . 
  there 's no limit , people would just need to adapt to the new economy ( like they always did ) . 
  i 'm sure in 20 years there will be jobs people do n't even imagine now ( who imagined in 1994 that people will make a living from recording how they play games , or unbox studd and posting it on youtube ) . 
   resources that 's the real problem , but eventually we 'll solve it by mining asteroids and moon and cracking the fusion problem . 
  it 's possible ( nature proves this to us ) therefore we will do this as soon as the resources problem becomes hard enough for this to be economicaly sound . 
   environment oil can be synthetised , given enough energy it will become profitable .
