  say you do n't have them ( no sanctions ) , make everybody believe you do have them ( nobody fucks with you ) , and you do n't even need to actually produce them ( costs reduction ) . 
  no , only the criticism that is based on public reaction to recent events . 
  what was the reason for the change of policy in germany ? 
  because to me it seems the reason was public reaction to fukushima disaster ( disaster which is impossible to happen in germany because there are no tsunamis there and earthquakes are very small and benign ) . 
  i call that paranoia . 
  regarding chernobyl - soviets were experimenting with switching cooling of running nuclear powerplant from external to self-powered . 
  they experimented on live nuclear power plant and turned cooling off for a moment !, 
  it 's not hard to avoid such mistakes - just do n't be a moron , and you 're ok . 
  i 'm glad we do n't do paranoia-driven energy policy . 
  poland already have powerful research nuclear reactor ( 20 to 30 mw ) that ran on highly enriched fuel ( recently it has been modified to run on less enriched material to allow for less security when we 're disposing with used fuel ) the reactor produce radioactive isotopes for science and medical usage , and during the time it works we already had highly enriched fuel that could be used to make at least 10 atomic bombs . 
  instead poland gave out the material to russia and usa to dispose with it ( usa pays for the disposal to prevent nuclear profileration ) . 
  if poland wanted nuclear weapon , we would already have it . 
  sources : http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/maria_reactor http://blogs.wsj.com/emergingeurope/2010/03/26/poland-finds-nuke-material-hidden-behind-sofa/ edit : my favorite quote `` polish prime minister donald tusk said thursday that he would n't agree to give up the nuclear bombs that poland does n't have , `` partly '' because it does n't have them . '', 
  my point is - even with all the money polish budget is earning now each year you could n't pay people enough for them to survive that month . 
  even assuming constant prices level , no increase in taxes etc , no other costs for polish budget . 
  using basic incomes method there is no level of redistribution of incomes that will be high enough to allow people to live without own earnings , and is smaller than 100 % . 
  welfare system in poland works right now only because people do n't use it , except when really needed . 
  unempoyement benefits are n't enough to live out of it , and it stops after half a year of unemployement anyway . 
  health care system makes you wait for 3-6 months for anything really costly , if you are n't in a danger of death . 
  people that can afford it use private health care . 
  benefits for kids are anything if non-existant ( one-time 250 euro donation per child ) . 
  i mean - different distribution of wealth can change total amount of wealth , by various effects . 
  for example : - bad incentives ( too high taxes mean less people pay taxes ) - scaring out external investment ( too high taxes means no investment from outside of your caountry ) - changing people spending habits ( high inflation can make people spend faster , which means less investments and stagnation of economy ) - credit costs going up ( high inflation means interest rates has to go up ) all these effects and other mean economy will change . 
  i think for the worse . 
  i have shown my ( optimistic ) calculations . 
  show yours , so we can discuss numbers and not concepts . 
  can you show your calculations ? 
  i 'm quite sure that i 've underestimated bad effects of such policy . 
  for one thing - i had n't considered that increasing vat twice , and increasing costs of labour twice will most probably increase prices more than twice , so 125 euro will be worth sth like 62 euro today . 
  i also assumed that budget incomes scale linearly with tax rates ( most probably increasing taxes twice wo n't double budget incomes , especially at such high level of taxes ) . 
  i agree that money from taxes will still circulate , but that does n't mean there would be no change in global wealth . 
  but people on welfare already get money from state , some of them spend it on booze . 
  some starve , some beg for money , some steal , some eat in free dinneries for homeless people , etc. 
  what would change ? 
  i 'm really concerned with this idea that state should protect people from results of their own decisions . 
  let 's see . 
  total budget income in poland in 2008 was 253\u00a0547\u00a0000\u00a0000 , population is around 38\u00a0000\u00a0000 , that means if we used all the income for this purpose , we would give to everybody 6672 pln yearly ( 556 pln monthly + - = 125 eur per month ) . 
  it is n't enough to live in poland for that month . 
  and we would have to double all taxes ( vat would increase to almost 50 % , pit to around 40 % ) and other payments ( alcohol , fuel etc prizes would almost double as well ) to fund everything we fund now ( roads , education , health , etc ) . 
  and all we got - 125 eur per person per person per month is n't enough to live off it for that month . 
  my conclusion - this is stupid idea that wo n't work , and would kill any economy that tried it . 
  i am also a-muslim , just like christians or jews , and a-christian , like muslims or jews , etc. 
  that does n't mean i like to be classified by what i am not . 
  i 'd like to have more precise class for my beliefs , thank you very much . 
  no doubts . 
  i happen to think homosexual behaviour is natural , but your argument could be used to justify eating own kids for example , 
  very funny and very sad movies at the same time . 
  | political and economic integration between france and poland is much more pronounced than is the case between poland and germany . 
  i think you meant `` political and economic integration between france and germany is much more pronounced than is the case between poland and germany '' . 
  we have half the population of germany . 
  when we get same gdp per capita as germany i 'll be glad . 
  i 'd say polish is completely phonetic . 
  the only exception i can remember is `` tarzan '' where r and z are read as single letters instead of `` rz '' . 
  every other polish word you can read correctly on the first try using very simple rules . 
  nato does n't train for invading russia , though  and nato fighters and bombers do n't probe russian airspace few times each year . 
  polish pm is n't telling media that `` the fall of ussr was a huge tragedy '' . 
  also : poland and most nato states have free elections which russia and belarus lacks . 
  i just do n't feel comfortable living near authoritarian country with nuclear missiles . 
  regarding policy - i do n't think we can achieve anything by being elastic with russia . 
  sld tried that , and we got nothing , and in the process we cancelled norwegian gas pipe project ( i think leszek miller should be put to court for that alone ) . 
  usa is elastic since obama came , and see what they got . 
  putin is doing real politic using all instruments including energy blackmail and sometimes even war . 
  it 's stupid to make gestures of good will towards him . 
  it wo n't change a thing . 
  if you could please make english phonetic , and get rid out of the stupid french `` eau '' , then i think we can do sth about `` cz '' , `` rz '' and `` sz '' . 
  btw - why do people think `` sh '' or `` sch '' is better than `` sz '' ? 
  me too . 
  shame politicians in lithuania ( from polish minority side and from lithuanian gov. 
  side ) use the stupid conflict to raise to power . 
  all important parties in poland are socially on the right ( ruling po and opposition pis do n't differ on important matters , only pr is different ) . 
  the only socially liberal parties are `` palikots movement '' ( + - 10 % of votes ) and ex-communists from `` sld '' - but they are completely out of fashion after last time they were ruling party - too much scandals . 
  economically po ( ruling party ) is slightly more for free-market , and pis ( biggest opposition party ) is more for welfare state , but nothing on the order of scandinavian countries . 
  more like german model with slightly less gov intervention into economy . 
  most dialog in polish politics is around unimportant issues like `` whose fault was smolensk '' , `` allow abortion or not '' , and similiar . 
  | russia constantly threatens poland ? 
  i am calling bs on that . 
  you know , every few years some russian general or another says to media that russian nuclear missiles are targeted on poland , and they can attack us any time . 
  they make military exercises with belarus and they train attacking poland and defending from nato attack : / i know they wo n't start ww3 over poland , but that 's not the point . 
  you do n't go saying such things about neighbors if you want good relations . 
  another example - sometimes they suddenly stop sending us gas they agreed in contract to send to us during winter . 
  we pay for it more than other countries ( more than germany , more than ukraine and much more than belarus ) . 
  another example - there are constant export wars - sometimes they ban polish apples , or meat , or alcohol , or forbid our truck drivers to drive through russia . 
  it 's not a war , and nobody expects war , but it 's not `` warm relations '' either . 
  it 's not even neutral relations . 
  russia and poland have contradicting interests and it shows . 
  one polish government or another - it does n't make difference . 
  so what ? 
  eu already has territories on other continents . 
  the costs for migration from x86 now are higher than the benefits we could get in short term . 
  and that was true the whole time . 
  but if we made the decision to switch to better architecture earlier , the costs would be smaller , and by now the benefits would outweight the costs . 
  that 's the whole problem - decision optimal in the long term is suboptimal in the short term . 
  government intervention can be good or bad thing , depending on circumstances . 
  i agree that most of the time they 're bad . 
  but not always . 
  economists in xix century told germans to stop trying to introduce industrial revolution to germany . 
  it was obvious to everybody that germans are only good at agriculture , and the theory of comparative adventages told that people should stick with what they do the best , and that free market will sort it out for the benefit of everybody . 
  germans ignored these advices , invested in industry , pirated books like hell  , and became industrial powerhouse of europe ( another question is - how they used that power later ) . 
  ussr did the same in xx century and defaulted in the end . 
  same decision - different circumstances - different result .
