  i can agree it 's a draw , 
  we already have national holiday on may , the 3rd . 
  i do n't think we need another one . 
  funny fact - poland national holiday celebrates its independence from russia ( and also austria and germany ) , and russia national holiday celebrates independece from poland , 
  vote him , it will be funny on the international meetings . 
  we were speaking of poverty , right ? 
  so i guess the easiest metric to find is gdp per capita . 
  you can also try hdi , if you prefer , or sth similiar . 
  the degree of poverty in ussr depends on how you define this poverty . 
  yes - majority of population had enough food to develop correctly at least in ' 50 - ' 60 . 
  that is n't really such a great acomplishement . 
  during tzar reign that was also the case , and the only great hunger in continental europe in xx century was artificaly-made during `` real communism '' period . 
  communism works here exactly the opposite way  regarding koreas - it 's one country divided into halves that were using communism and market capitalism respectively . 
  how is n't it comparable ? 
  it 's the most representative controlled experiment you can get in economy . 
  regarding western and eastern germany - after the war it was ruined more or less equally . 
  in 1989 eastern germany had $ 10,430 gdp per capita , and western germany had $ 24,485 . 
  it 's 2.5 times more , in 45 years . 
  source : http://wiki.answers.com/q/gdp_per_capita_of_west_and_east_germany_in_1989 you can argue $ 10,430 gdp in 1989 is n't poverty - but however you define poverty line , western germany crossed it much earlier than the eastern one - thus market capitalism is better at getting people out of poverty than planned economy . 
  see south vs north korea . 
  or west vs east germany . 
  or compare post-ww2 spain and poland history . 
  or look at japan vs china development before china changed to state capitalism . 
  examples are everywhere . 
  all the best to your country , but i have to ask : how do you know where your economy will be in 38 years ? 
  if you look at last 100 years such long term predictions would be misleading at almost any point in the history . 
  and the changes are happening faster every year . 
  i do n't see how it 's so obvious . 
  first of all we talk about overall effect - if some companies and artists are hurt , while some other benefit , the overall effect can be anything , you need to define how we average this ( i suggest sum of ( square of the change of profits times the sign of this change ) ) . 
  then we need to calculate this ( and it 's hard cause we deal with `` what if '' scenarios ) . 
  there were companies that benefited from piracy ( i 'd say microsoft , adobe and corel are among them - they got their marketshare thanks to piracy , and people trained to use their apps buy licences when they go proffesional , start a company , etc ) . 
  if people had to pay for every app and game they use - they would search for free alternatives ( like gimp instead of photoshop , linux instead of windows , libre office instead of microsoft office , etc ) . 
  and when you know one application going to another is a barrier . 
  another thing is - piracy makes you much more recognizable . 
  there is a point in the development of game studio , when the advantage of more potential customers is greater than the lost profit . 
  there were studies that shown that pirates are the people that are the most probable to buy music/games/etc . 
  if they feel your game deserves the pay - many will pay . 
  see the mcpixel gmae to see how smart developers benefit from their games being pirated . 
  there 's no way its developer could get that media coverage and got to so many people without piracy . 
  for now we have : - outrageus claims of damages from publishers ( counting everybody pirating the game as lost profit - that 's the wrong way to count this - no way people would buy all the games they pirate ) - studies showing that piracy can be good for at least some companies - anegdotic evidence of companies benefiting from piracy i think it is n't obvious who is right . 
  i 'm from poland , and i drank with russians , and i have to say they drink more ( not that it 's a reason to be proud , imho it 's not ) . 
   harmless see this http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jbj1zfdwvzy, 
  i think you misunderstood ww2 . 
  ideology was smoke curtain . 
  people with money do n't care about such things , and do what 's more profitable . 
  germany was in deep crisis , and hitler promised recovery ( and delivered thanks to remilitarisation financed from foreign debt ) . 
  industries supported him , cause that was profitable . 
  people supported him , cause that was better than crisis , and it sure feels nice to be part of master race . 
  ideology was for regular people to make them obedient . 
  usa invaded independent countries a few times after ww2 , despite being member of allies ( so they should believe you ca n't do that anymore ) . 
  the thing that prevented ww3 , and made countries less likely to invade each other was atomic bomb , not epic battle of ideologies that somehow decided on how we should behave . 
  germany was very weak then ( great crisis , etc - one of the reasons hitler was elected in the first place ) . 
  war would have ended after a month , max ( especially that poland , uk , and france would attack at once ) . 
  but yeah , hindsight is 20/20 . 
  what elections ? 
  yeah , politicians during ww2 behaved wrong . 
  that does n't mean we should repeat their mistakes . 
  had politicians during ww2 done the right thing ( invading germany after hitler got the power - just like pilsudski suggested to france and uk in early thirties ) - millions of lives would be saved , holocaust would be averted , the iron curtain ( if the cold war still happen ) would be 1000 kilometers further to the east . 
  instead we got ww2 , cause politicians were such a pussies . 
  or , if you do n't like russian government , you can interprete this as them making energy diversification investitions of poles ( shale gas , lpg terminal in swinoujscie , etc ) less profitable , to discourage these projects . 
  same story was when former pm of poland - leszek miller canceled poland-norway gas pipe project ( we got better gas contract for the short term , we canceled the project with norway , and then gas prices went up again , and russians made nord stream gas pipe with germany , preventing poland from making such pipe towards norway ever ) . 
  canceling the project was economicaly good decision in the short term ( norway gas is even more expansive ) , but in the long term it was stupid , and costed us politicaly . 
  it 's not , really . 
  i mean - if the only thing you can be proud of is your race ... 
  i 've heard it is quite popular , too . 
  i mean not faked . 
  i hope there will be referendum . 
  and referendum = no chance for federal eu . 
  and that 's good . 
  vatican has real elections , at least . 
  another example of the difference - in europe ( at least in poland ) media ca n't post photos of suspects/publish their full names before the case is closed . 
  so if somebody is accused of sth - tv will only show him with black bar over his face , and his name will be printed as `` john s. '' instead of `` john smith '' . 
  that 's to protect possibly innocent people from ostracism . 
  in states , from what i 've seen media are free to publish all info they want about suspects before the case is decided . 
  it was stolen by church from pagans and turned christian ( and many pagan cults used this day , cause of astronomical importance ) . 
  for example in poland and slavic neighbors it was `` dziady '' day - day of rememberance of the previous generations - the remaining pagan traditions ( different from the celtic ones ) are nicely described in `` dziady '' by adam mickiewicz . 
  since xix century ( when this book was written ) the holiday christianised even more , and it 's harder to find pagan traces now , but it 's certainly still different from celtic/american way of celebrating it . 
  importing another custom from usa is like introducing rabbits in australia . 
  almost the whole world has rabbits , and they are going to replace unique local species . 
  for diversity it 's better to not do this . 
  usa thanks to hollywood industry has cultural marketing that no other country can match . 
  kids raised on tv all over the world want to do what the cool kids on tv do and not what their parents want them to do , even if it 's perfectly good , rich tradition that does n't hurt anybody . 
  like all saints day for example . 
  the effect is - unique local holidays lose and another country becomes more like usa . 
  at least that 's the reason i 'm not happy with importing halloween . 
  change `` everyone who could '' to `` everyone too ashamed to be a clerk in poland '' . 
  i find it especially funny that whole russia will catch up before rural poland  because , you know , there 's like 100 times more of rural russia than rural poland , and differences between moscow and the rest of russia are much bigger than differences between warsaw and the rest of poland . 
  they actually found some traces of `` highly energetic ionised substances '' ( `` wysokoenergetycznych zjonizowanych sk\u0142adnik\u00f3w '' ) that could have been caused by explosives , or by other means . 
  to be sure they need more detailed research , which could take even half a year . 
  source ( also in polish ) : http://www.rp.pl/artykul/947468.html so , basically , it 's `` rzeczpospolita '' newspaper trying to get attention ( and readers ) the tabloid way . 
  church in poland is losing people because after the fall of communism church hierarchy was `` on the side '' of government , instead of being on the side of people . 
  priests everywhere got more power and influences , weree buying expansive cars etc , and doing shaddy business with post-solidarity and post-communist local authorities , and regular people were struggling with 20 % unemployement . 
  and priests were constantly preaching about `` evil anticonception '' , like sex was the most important thing in the life . 
  i 'm agnostic , and catholic church here is constantly issuing stupid warnings against `` satanist '' things like rpg games , harry potter , beatles , etc. 
  it 's exactl as stupid as it sounds . 
  but i 'm quite happy poland had n't embraced halloween - poles have their own way of celebrating that day , and i do n't see why we should change it to another imported holiday . 
  yeah , recent default makes you debt-free ( last time in 1998 iirc ? ) . 
  and regarding muslims ( not that there 's sth inherently wrong with them ) - russia has more of them than most c&ee countries . 
  hre was even less of a country than eu is now . 
  best way to deal with nukes is the israel way .
