  some hools on football match between polish and lithuanian teams made banner that said roughly `` lithuanian peasant kneel before polish lord '' . 
  then the polish team lost to make it more funny , 
  yes you can opt-out of state . 
  you can leave . 
  and with your `` voluntary '' organization it will be exactly the same , i think . 
  because otherwise i could build my house near you , opt-out of your organization , and shoot to your kids from my balcony for entertainment and you wo n't be able to do anything cause i opted out , right ? 
  my whole point is - states evolved for quite a while , and while some details can be fixed ( oligarchy/indirect democracy/direct democracy/something different ) , the overall structure is much better than anarchy , that 's why they were created in the first place . 
  most anarchists propose solutions that are either state with different name , or wo n't work . 
  because with anarchy someone is bound to create his own state/mafia/whatever you call it and invade others . 
  how do you fight crime ( organized or not ) if you ca n't use violence ? 
  if you can use violence you have power over people . 
  or even if you somehow can fight crime without violence ( thought control , whatever ) - you still have to have power over people to stop them doing stuff that is evil . 
  people all over the world ca n't know each other . 
  human brain ca n't keep 6 000\u00a0000\u00a0000 faces in memory . 
  now , do you trust that each of the people that fight crime wo n't abuse their power ? 
  you need laws . 
  who decides the laws ? 
  who controls the people that execute the laws ? 
  who pays for all of this ? 
  or are all of them volunteers ? 
  who prevents people abuse their position as a volunteer ? 
  at some point you end up with state with different name . 
  that name can be `` voluntary organisation '' if you prefer it . 
  but what would you do if someone is born in your voluntary organization and do n't want to live according to laws you have there ? 
  outcast him ? 
  jail him ? 
  is this voluntary , then ? 
  so how would you name that thing that is n't a country , but has power over people , 
  should i also imagine there 's no organised crime ? 
  in 1795 commonwealth was partitioned by russia and prussia . 
  at the time elites were polonised , and others had not cared about nationality . 
  `` ethnic '' lithuanians were n't the biggest population group in lithuania then anyway - ruthenians were . 
  some even say belarus has as much right to call itself lithuania as lithuania - most of the terrain of pre-1918 lithuania is now in belarus , and the culture was mix of polish-jewish-lithuanian-ruthenian cultures back then anyway . 
  during partitions poles and lithuanians had common interests - independence from russia . 
  and elites still considered themselves `` polish '' as well as `` lithuanian '' ( for example mickiewicz fought for restoration of commonwealth , but called lithuania his motherland , j\u00f3zef pi\u0142sudski was also lithuanian , and he basically created inter-war poland from scratch ) . 
  modern nationalism was created in 19 century , and when poland and lithuania regained independence after ww1 poles were surprised to find out that lithuanians want their own country . 
  not all of course , but most of them . 
  poland attacked and conquered vilnius . 
  now they does n't like us . 
  there 's great book about that ( and also about belarus and ukraine ) `` reconstruction of nations '' by timothy snyder . 
  it seems they only asked spanish and italian expats in each country , 
  thanks russia . 
  what would we do without you . 
  po ( tusk party ) jumped shark . 
  shame there 's no one to vote . 
  i 've never knew alcoholic that drink beer as a main fix . 
  you can buy cheap 1-1 .5 liter 15 % `` wine '' for a price of 1 liter of the cheapest beer in poland . 
  drunks do that , or make their own alcohol . 
  one night in pub every week . 
  seems about right . 
  visible in polish data around 2001-2003 and 2008 . 
  ppp data shows constant growth in these years with similar rate as in others , and the nominal data shows big fall and quick bounce back a few years later . 
  the problem is - he gets voted into parliament , so there are people that really want someone to do what he propose . 
  it 's just russia being russia . 
  a few years ago their general said poland will be nuked  ignore . 
  yeah , polish tv was showing his speeches in nineties to scare people that russians will come soon etc. 
  well of course . 
  it should be additional common army , not total replacement for every military in eu . 
  i think it would be good idea to require voting for all operations outside eu , and start defensive operations inside eu automatically when someone attacks without voting . 
  `` junk contracts '' i guess . 
  i know that poland in nineties exported tobacco , big part of lubelskie region was covered with tobacco plantations . 
  then the industry was taxed to death and farmers moved on . 
  the prices of cigarettes is 90 % or more taxes ( i happen to think it 's a good thing , even if we have to deal with smuggling on huge scale ) . 
  regarding the witcher it was really strange . 
  the books were translated to almost all european languages except english very quickly - all slavic languages , baltics , french , spanish , german , etc. 
  and it was huge succes , especially in slavic countries . 
  russians recently published book with fanfiction in the witcher universe written by regular russian authors  then golancz started translating the first book of short stories to english , then the first game was released , and translation was finished a few years later . 
  sapkowski said in some interview that he did n't coordinated english translation with release of the game , but it probably helped . 
  anyway the english translation is n't the best ( not by native english speaker ) , and the publisher made some stupid decisions like skipping 2nd book of short stories ( which introduce some of the most important characters in the following saga , and is considered by many fans to be the best sapkowski book ) . 
  actually - you should not take fashion tips at all . 
  fashion is just a way to sell expansively stuff that is cheap . 
  read kandel translation of lem cyberiada . 
  if that 's possible , proper translations of sapkowski books are possible too . 
  basicaly nothing written in polish is translated before 10 years pass , so either we write about books unavialable in english , or older than 10 years . 
  i highly reccomend `` l\u00f3d '' ( ice ) by jacek dukaj - it 's huge ( 1000 pages ) alternative history sci-fi set in imperial russia in early xxth century ( tunguska meteor was made of strange material that transformed history and everything , there was no world war 1 in this universe for example ) . 
  the book deals with philosophical questions ( how logic changed because of the meteor ) and is very weird , but still fun to read . 
  it 's was supposed to be translated to english by the end of 2012 , but i ca n't find it on amazon , so it probably is n't ready yet . 
  regarding fantasy i think only sapkowski ( the witcher books , others are worse ) and grz\u0119dowicz ( pan lodowego ogrodu saga ) write really good , others are just ok , but that 's obviously subjective . 
  i do n't read much mainstream books , but `` wojna polsko-ruska pod flag\u0105 bia\u0142o-czerwon\u0105 '' by dorota mas\u0142owska is quite good . 
  it 's about a few young people in modern poland , the main hero is a `` dresiarz '' ( subculture similar to chavs in uk ) . 
  i 've just learnt that it 's translated to english already . 
  very quick for polish book . 
  more info here : http://www.amazon.com/snow-white-russian-dorota-maslowska/dp/0802170013, 
   adorable as hell , 
  in polish too , that 's why it 's called so . 
  should be `` samoruch '' or `` samoruszacz '' , 
  yeah , thanks , i used interpolated spelling , 
  irish cause celtic music and it 's weird . 
  hungarian cause it 's also weird and we have common history . 
  slovakian/czech cause these are almost the same as polish , they just have chosen the exact opposite of what we did from possible options each time they had to name something new  it 's like polish from alternative universe . 
  i love how they call theatre `` dzivadlo '' which means `` freak '' in polish , and how `` czerstve '' means fresh , when in polish it means spoiled . 
   in case of eastern poland , if polish themselves do n't want to be located there , why would anyone want to invest there . 
  you have to accept that in capitalism some regions will loose , but then again it is for the benefit of the whole society . 
  actually eastern poland ( podlaskie , lubelskie , podkarpackie ) has smaller unemployement than some western regions of poland , and is doing quite ok . 
  the main problem here was 60 years of no state investment ( comparing to warsaw , silesia or gda\u0144sk regions ) . 
  eu made it much better ( motorway to rzesz\u00f3w , expressway to lublin , airports in lublin and rzesz\u00f3w ) , and these cities are currently quickly developing , especially in aerospace industry ( all helicopters in poland are made there , most of military vehicles too ) , and in it ( biggest central and eastern european it company - asseco - is from rzesz\u00f3w , its daughter company asseco bs is from lublin , and there are many others , also most of polish companies `` outsource '' to these cities because of 30 % smaller salaries and land costs ) . 
  rzesz\u00f3w is also one of a few cities in poland with growing population . 
  the stats mostly shows how much farmers live in a given region , and internal differences in each region are much bigger than differences between regions . 
  it 's corrected at the end of article . 
  should be `` half of the population finished no more than primary school , the rest finished more than that '' .
