  still - that gives them a few percent safety margin at most , so there 's no possibility that poland will have more than lets say 65 % of public debt to gdp without changes in constitution ( require huge majority in parliament - wo n't happen before elections , and next election would have to be really unusual to give so much power to one party ) . 
  so i 'd say poland is quite responsible with spending money . 
  i do n't see how massive investment leads to debts . 
  i 'd say much more probably cause of increasing debt will be cheaper credit ( currently we have 4-6 % base interest rate in poland , after euro it will be probably much cheaper ) . 
  i guess da __ wrote `` pole '' instead of `` pole '' at first , and uat2d corrected him/her . 
  that 's a sustainable business model , if i ever seen one . 
  look at changes over time , not at single values . 
  what it was 20 years ago ? 
  ( i do n't know which sources you used ) . 
  it 's funny that what eu promotes is considered `` socialism '' , not `` capitalism '' in poland  for example most poles think social for not-working immigrants is a stupid policy . 
  certainly you can not call eu capitalism `` pure and unadulterated '' . 
  well , poland gdp per capita grow from being 1/6th of germany in 1991 to 1/3rd of germany in 2010 ( source http://www.wolframalpha.com/share/clip?f=d41d8cd98f00b204e9800998ecf8427ebre8h1thgl ) . 
  and we do have bigger growth percentage almost all the time . 
  still , it will take time to catch up , and there are things we can fuck up on the way there . 
  so if we ( stupidly ) extrapolate from the last 20 years , after 30 years poland should have gdp per capita roughly equal to germany  edit : for hungary it 's similiar ( http://www.wolframalpha.com/share/clip?f=d41d8cd98f00b204e9800998ecf8427epkusabmoqn ) btw : i actually think federation would make things worse for poorer countries , not better . 
  you can not fix 50 years of backwardness quickly . 
  you have to do each step , and you have to do these steps quicker , if you want to ever catch up with the countries that have the luck not to be communist . 
  so i kind of understand why they do this . 
  still - it wo n't work , and it 's stupid thing to do . 
  unfortunately the only solution i know is to accept the brain drain until you catch up . 
  but then we 'd have to change the capital every time we expand eu . 
  depends on execution . 
  fixing regular roads is never done - you add lanes , people use cars more , and traffic jams get worse , bonus - you have to waste more and more city space for parkings . 
  city should do all this at once - repair roads , move services closer to places where people live , and incentivise public transport/bikes . 
  just investing in more regular lanes would actually make traffic jams worse in the medium-to-long term , and transform city into concrete wasteland of parkings/malls/multilevel crossings , and people would move to suburbs . 
  sound 's like a good idea . 
  depends if you had huge traffic problems before , but anyway - it 's better for everyone if huge majority use public transport ( less smog , less oil used so it 's cheaper , less hours wasted in traffic , less accidents , cheaper maintainance in the long term , cause roads are less used ) . 
  what 's not to like ? 
  do you have any data about mining profits on national level ? 
  cause kghm ( copper mining company ) is one of the most profitable polish companies , and also one of the biggest . 
  and some coal mines , like bogdanka are also very profitable . 
  it 's just that only the miners from falling mines make noise , so that 's what you hear about . 
  for trains , obviously , 
  in my city ( lublin ) 150 days ticket for all lines is 340 pln ( + -85 euro ) . 
  minimal salary is 1100 pln after tax ( + -275 euro ) . 
  average salary after taxes is 2400 pln ( 600 euro ) , but in my city it 's below the national average . 
  one time ticket is 2,40 pln ( 0.70 euro ) and lasts for one whole course or 30 minutes after validating it , when you 're changing lines . 
  for students all public transport is 50 % cheaper . 
  so when you buy 150 day tickets , you pay less than 3 % of average salary every month for public transport , or 4.5 % of minimal salary . 
  version control systems ( like git ) are much better at this than wikipedia . 
  wontfix : it 's not bug , it 's a feature . 
  be sure to attach unit tests showing the bug , and to run all previous unit tests on patched versions . 
  true , but : - if you have the technology necessary for this , why not just a direct democracy ? 
  - if you want , you can vote on every issue by yourself , so for those that want , it works just like direct democracy . 
  - if you do n't know something about a certain topic , why would you know who is the best for deciding about it ? 
  - and how it works now ? 
  some would vote on free health service from program of party a , lower taxes from program of party b , and no public debt from program of party c  but anyway - parties do n't really care about their programs after the elections now . 
  to prevent farmer joe from choosing our economic strategy we depend on empty promises and long cadency of politicians  . 
  and we call it democracy , so farmer joe feels free . 
  yeah , i agree , that liquid democracy has some serious drawbacks . 
  another one is - who decides to which category assign each decision . 
  but i also think current system has serious drawbacks , and we should be trying to improve it . 
  many technical limitations that shaped traditional democracy are n't there anymore . 
  http://www.communitywiki.org/liquiddemocracy http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/proxy_voting ( more general idea ) http://liquidfeedback.org/mission/#1 http://liquiddemocracy.pl/ ( in polish ), 
  i liked liquid democracy idea . 
  it starts with direct democracy - everybody has right to vote on every issue . 
  but it would n't be manageable , and most people only care about some issues , and only knows sth about some issues . 
  so everybody can delegate their votes on some category of issues to anybody other . 
  this delegation can be changed at any time . 
  and it is transferable - if person a delegates his votes on military to person b , and person b delegates his votes on army logistic to person x , then person x vote on military logistic is worth 3 votes ( until a or b changes their minds ) . 
  so people like stewen hawking would probably end up with tousands of votes in categories like science or education . 
  this can be done with it system , that people log into whenever they have time , and vote on whatever interests them . 
  such system is n't very hard to do . 
  of course ethical issues with `` majority dictatorship '' are still relevant . 
  with some quirks . 
  the biggest problem - many institutions ( mainly public ones , like tax office , or not-really-privatised railroad transport companies ) employ old people at client service , and most of these know russian or german as second language , or nothing at all . 
  other than that sometimes signs in public places are only in polish , but this changes , and these signs are n't really important anyway . 
  i 'd say it 's nothing you can not deal with . 
  i know a few english speakers that live in poland , and most of them complain they do n't know polish , because people are glad to practice english with them , and it 's hard to find occasions to practice polish . 
  also depends where you are - big cities are easier . 
  i also think it 's fashionable recently . 
  i think because many people speak it worldwide , everybody learn english anyway , and chinese is too difficult . 
  other popular third languages to learn in poland : german , russian , french . 
  where 's lukashenko ? 
  and putin , if we assume russia is european country . 
  btw , when are you going to adopt metric system , 
  regarding poland - there 's a huge difference depending on age - among people younger than 20-30 you are good to go - most know english . 
  older than that - most know german or russian as their second language , or are monolingual . 
  really , to solve debt problem we should adopt one common language ? 
  is n't it `` a little '' contrived ? 
  i do n't understand this whole tendency to solve every problem by making europe more like usa . 
  i guess if all you have is hammer , everything looks like a nail . 
  maybe we should just solve that problem , instead of looking at religion , culture , language , and other differences between europe and usa ? 
  that already happens , without laws and international treaties . 
  why make law when world clearly deals with it by itself ? 
  we have common global language already , it 's english , everybody young speaks it at least a little . 
  and in 50 years everybody will be speaking it . 
  why should we lose our cultures ( think about it - imagine having to read sheakespear in french translation - much would be lost - other countries have their sheakspears too ) . 
  europe has rich and diverse culture , that would die , if everybody lost their languages except for one . 
  bilingualism is n't realy elite , and do n't require anything except using both languages often . 
  it 's hard to listen to english pop songs , see hollywood movies , play computer games in english , read english web sites , and not know english at least good enough to communicate . 
  so stop worrying , and love the bilingual europe , 
  my reasoning : 1 . 
  if there is unification , then whole eu will have the same safety net laws . 
  otherways it would be unfair , and againist equality , right ? 
  if there is safety net , then somebody must pay for it . 
  i assume it would come from taxes on employers , but even if the money would come from taxes on employees , nothing changes - still labour costs increase . 
  i do n't believe richer parts of eu will pay for safety net in poorer parts of eu . 
  and it would be againist equality principle to tax people in former france more than people in former poland . 
  so labour costs in the poorer parts of eu will increase to level up with the costs in older eu parts .
