  next year improved strategy is : keep half of the girls as is , the second half gets beards . 
  this : http://uch.znate.ru/tw_files2/urls_29/7/d-6189/6189_html_b7f1473.png, 
  points without jurys : 1 . 
  austria 311 points 2 . 
  netherlands 222 points 3 . 
  armenia 193 points 4 . 
  sweden 190 points 5 . 
  poland 162 points 6 . 
  russia 132 points 7 . 
  switzerland 114 points 8 . 
  ukraine 112 points 9 . 
  romania 103 points 10 . 
  hungary 98 points 11 . 
  belarus 56 points 12 . 
  iceland 46 points 13 . 
  greece 43 points 14 . 
  denmark 43 points 15 . 
  spain 41 points 16 . 
  finland 39 points 17 . 
  norway 39 points 18 . 
  montenegro 33 points 19 . 
  italy 32 points 20 . 
  germany 31 points 21 . 
  united kingdom 29 points 22 . 
  azerbaijan 26 points 23 . 
  san marino 18 points 24 . 
  malta 17 points 25 . 
  slovenia 15 points 26 . 
  france 1 points according to : http://www.reddit.com/r/eurovision/comments/258qn1/breakdown_of_jurytelevote_for_each_individual/, 
  yeah i know . 
  i am polish . 
  i just do n't think common country 250 years ago is a good indicator of anything . 
   what really drove nazi germany to war was purely ideological , mein kampf , plan ostfront ect . 
  putin however is not idealogical in his way of governing . 
  all the recent events are purely geopolitical no idealogical . 
  what really drove germany to war was lost previous war , unemployment , hyperinflation , almost defaulting on their debts . 
  regarding `` russia is no threat '' - consider the fact that in early thirties germany was in very bad shape economically , and had almost no army . 
  in 1940 it steamrolled france . 
  now think what would happen if they also had 1000s of nukes . 
  nowhere , you just have n't specified how `` because of germany '' worked so i asked for clarification . 
  once we had common country with russia : /, 
  if we want to do this it should be lithuania + poland + czech republic + slovakia + hungary . 
  but i doubt all of them would want such union . 
  anyway , bad idea , the main thing eu has going for it is huge internal market , dividing it would n't help with anything . 
  eu is ok - we just shuld n't expect eu to become a real country . 
  it 's economic union with bells and whistles . 
  so you say greece were forced to enter eu ? 
  in stalin days it could easily say `` thank you stalin '' . 
  cult of personality was a huge thing in eastern block in fifties . 
  euro as a currency ! = eu membership . 
   so the us people are responsible for what bush did ? 
  if they voted him knowing what he will do - sure . 
  informed choice = responsibility . 
   the german people for what hitler did ? 
  he even wrote a book before he become fuhrer . 
  people that voted him are obviously responsible . 
   the chinese people for what mao did ? 
  they had `` a little '' less say regarding who rule them than germans and americans , do n't you think ? 
  `` selfdefence '' soldiers standing there with guns could have something to do with low turnout . 
  just saying . 
  my choice too . 
  ferdydurke by witold gombrowicz is a close second . 
  yes . 
  and sodenberg . 
  but the book is different from both movies . 
  i mean - right now law is made without concern for the size . 
  this is wrong , because it means nobody except specialists really understand or even know the law . 
  that means law is either ignored ( eastern european solution ) , or everybody pay lawyer tax ( western european/american solution ) - you can be sued for everything so some things just are n't done , or are n't affordable for regular people . 
  law should n't be empty ceremony , and it certainly should n't be obstacle . 
  i understand that law as it 's done today ca n't be that small . 
  i want to change the system by putting constraints and feedbacks on it . 
  i want law so simple that is possible to teach it to 80 % of population in 5-years primary school as one of many subjects . 
  100 pages per year is n't hard . 
  kids learn more than that on some subjects . 
  i think simplicity of law is very desirable characteristic , and it 's almost completly ignored right now . 
  the current system does n't take simplicity of law into account at all ( because it 's maintained by people that do it for living and they profit from being the only ones understanding it ) . 
  right now we have this rule - `` not knowing the law is harmful '' . 
  how many people know the law ? 
  do the lawmakers really expect regular people to know the law ? 
  if not - how can we punish people for doing something illegal ? 
  situation is n't much different from catholic church forbidding `` regular '' people to read bible on their own in the middle ages . 
  some even protested against translations into national languages . 
  imagine if we used number system complicated on purpose . 
  let 's say it was based on 60 instead on 10 , and it was n't positional , but additive . 
  to multiply 2 reasonably small numbers you have to specialise in math . 
  there are people who live good life thanks to being the only one that can divide big numbers and for example compare fuel efficiency of cars , or prices of land . 
  regular people who want to buy the cheapest land in their region must pay math specialist to calculate that for them . 
  it 's absurd , but that 's how law system works right now and everybody accept that . 
  simple math means these people are not needed , and everybody can do math . 
  it 's a huge difference - the whole population is more productive , more people can contribute to the system , less people have problems because they have n't understood law . 
  except weapons and rockets . 
  still - no consumer goods . 
  1st rule of the constitution : all the written law ( including constitution , criminal law , highway code , everything ) should be less than 500 pages of a4 written in arial 10 . 
  you want something more - you need to throw something else out , or simplify a few rules into one more general rule . 
  kids learn the whole law in primary schools and they ca n't move to the secondary school till they pass final exam which includes law . 
  if questions about given article of law has less than 80 % of kids passing - it has to be rewritten . 
  after the law is fixed we can deal with other problems . 
  as long as it pays to do so , and he can still keep the money he spit on . 
  nope . 
  better to have to learn 1 foreign language than 100 .
