  i 'm interested . 
  i hoped for links . 
   ethnic cleansings do tell . 
   every single other military entity in history has brutally murdered civilians . 
  that 's obviously false . 
  so what if they were antisemites or not - they murdered innocent people , that 's what matters not their internal beliefs . 
  and they did killed civilians . 
  in tousands . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/war_crimes_of_the_wehrmacht#mass_murder_of_polish_civilians and `` just following orders '' is not a good excuse . 
  these poles that did helped with holocaust were evil too , of course . 
  still it 's a small minority . 
  nothing compared to wehrmaht or other german institutions . 
  even most big private companies in germany benefited from nazis - for example from forced labour , or stolen resources . 
  trying to shift the blame to ss and hitler only is n't going to work . 
  could you perhaps list them ? 
  it 's a lot of work and you are claiming they exist . 
  that was a joke . 
  anyway , fighting hitler does n't make you saint all of sudden , see stalin . 
  you will be happy to know they helped with holocaust as well . 
  german police too . 
   40s/50s when people were sent back . 
  it 's more complicated than that . 
  for example canada accepted refuges , gb was an asshole , but still kept a lot of poles , and usa was in the middle . 
  anyway , they have n't sent back all of them , which is still better than what you propose . 
   how would that make as more `` forward '' ? 
  we 'd be even more backwards on average . 
  it would make us `` more forward '' because we will be in eu and other countries will help us ( like they do right now with eu money , energy union , eastern parntership , and sanctions against russia ) . 
  if we want selfish eu - that would obviously all stop , so we would be in much worse state , no matter the refuges . 
  and besides - refuges are non-issue . 
  it was solar powered . 
  so it 's better and worse at once . 
  this le-mans channel achievement mostly shows how good batteries have become , 
  it was n't that bad . 
  already in 1410 in grunwald lipka tartars fought together with poles and lithuanians against teutonic order ( grunwald is for poles the battle you should remember ) . 
  they remained in lithuania/poland later , and become loyal subjects , many were admited to nobility with time . 
  and sobieski was n't islamophobe , in fact he had very good relations with polish lipka tartars . 
  sobieski commanded polish lipka tartar army when he fought against ottomans - https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/lipka_tatars they fought against ottomans in cecora and other battles , and they respected sobieski as a leader so much , that later he was able to persuade them to stop rebelling after polish nobility decided to stop paying them for some time ( yeah , le ` ts be asshole for no reason - our style ) . 
  by the way when crimean khanate asked them to betray commonwealth when it attacked poland-lithuania - lipkas responded :  neither god nor the prophet commands you to rob , nor do they command us to be ungrateful . 
  in defeating you , we merely kill common bandits , and not brothers of ours . 
  which i find immensely cool . 
  henryk sienkiewicz had lipka tartar blood , he put them in trylogia ( polish equivalent of dumas books - very popular in pre-war poland ) , and u\u0142ani military units ( very popular among poles - basicaly the national heroes in 2nd rp times ) were based on polish tartars cavalry ( and the name comes from lipka tartar family - uhlan ) . 
  then of course we have many poles migrating to turkey during partitions ( adam mickiewicz tried to organize polish army there even ) . 
  it was n't always bad . 
  i 'd say it 's much worse now than historicaly , because now we 're consuming western anti-imigration media and have no experiences of our own . 
  unnoticeably . 
  it 's all ideology . 
  great drama . 
  airbus tried to block them to keep the achievment for themselves . 
  we accepted muslim refuges before . 
  we got https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/mamed_khalidov thanks to that . 
  people still act like this 2000 refuges will be the end of the world . 
  no reasoning with some people , you just have to wait it out . 
  of course poles are islamophobic . 
  which is weird because we have next to no muslims in poland . 
  i guess it 's mostly because we only hear of muslims when they do some terrorizing . 
  i believe we should accept our fair share of them ( number of refuges * our population/eu population ) , it wo n't matter for poland and will siginficantly help italy and greece . 
  they helped us many times . 
   answer me this . 
  do you honestly believe those 2k is the end ? 
  i do not believe po accepting 2k regufes will make it any easier or harder for pis to accept next refuges . 
  i also do think being selfish in the short term will hurt us in the long term . 
  we 're not exactly in the position to promote selfishness in eu right now . 
  but that 's beyond comprehension for most pis voters . 
  they are like greek politicians in that respect - they will blame eu for everything , and ask it for help in the same breath . 
  stop this bullshit , please . 
  in 80s polish refuges were treated well by `` the west '' , i still got family in canada and usa because of that , as do most poles . 
  it 's impossible in the long term to take money from the eu and send unemployed people to the west and at the same time to refuse to help others . 
  either we help each other or we go back to xixth century and it 's each for itself again . 
  but in such case eastern europe ( or whatever you want to call poland , baltic states , romania , hungary , etc ) will remain a backward shithole forever . 
  belive or not - reddit is seen by poles as `` a nest of leftist '' , and poles posting here are more likely to not be neoliberal than just random sample on the internet . 
  polish reddit - wykop.pl is more like r/european than r/europe . 
  sad thing that , but what can you do . 
  this is a `` slippery slope '' argument , and here you can read in length why it 's usually a fallacy : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/slippery_slope the relevant fragment :  in logic and critical thinking , a slippery slope is a logical device , but it is usually known under its fallacious form , in which a person asserts that some event must inevitably follow from another without any rational argument or demonstrable mechanism for the inevitability of the event in question . 
  you have n't shown the mechanism by which accepting 2000 refuges nessesarily means we will accept 3000 and 20-30k later , so it 's the fallacious verions of the argument . 
  it 's a science , but you ca n't do repeatable experiments , and publishing your theory can make it false , even it it was true before  if all you need for science is a nice model - astrology is a science , too . 
  we usually also require that the model is useful to predict something in real world . 
  with better probability than coin throwing . 
  the more important part is - it 's half a year of the benefits , and then you may starve for all polish state cares . 
  hundreds of tousand of polish refuges and migrants were accepted in france , uk , ireland , usa , germany , austria , greece , iran , argentina , brazil , peru , ... over the last few centuries . 
  i 'm sure we can manage 2000 . 
  also we acceped a few tousands of chechen refuges after russian-chechen wars . 
  nothing happened . 
  and we got https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/mamed_khalidov, 
  seriously , 2 000 people in 38\u00a0000\u00a0000 country . 
  people are freaking out , like we had no real problems . 
  there 's no social in poland , so people that come and are n't granted refuge status will either work or starve . 
  or - most likely - move to germany or uk . 
  rulling party lost anyway . 
  may as well do sth good for once . 
  i this this is better : https://goo.gl/favww7, 
  szarlotka ( \u017bubr\u00f3wka + apple juice )  any cider . 
  yup . 
  now it 's only false . 
  that 's redundant . 
  also false . 
  calling czechs `` catholics '' is stretching it . 
  ah , my bad , i 've confused it with the wibor one . 
   with this , slashing central bank deposit rate below 0.39 % is going to be a much harder decision not a problem in poland . 
  we have much higher rates . 
   of all the countries that participated in the war it 's undeniable that germany was in the worst shape after it ended .
