  would save at least 3 000 0000 poles , if not the jews . 
  instead they fucked up everything . 
  not unlike ukraine did for last 20 years . 
  `` by their fruits you will know them '' as they say . 
  2nd polish republic was in economic crisis for most of its existence , had slightly oppresive government , bullied smaller neighbors , and did the dumbest political suicide ever in 1935-1939 . 
  they even tried to colonize africa , but had nothing to offer africans that they wanted  thanks to their useless decisions we got to experience great period of 1939-1989 . 
  on the other hand right now we had 25 years of peace , all of these years we had economic growth , we had no coups , all our neighbors except for russia are in good relations with us . 
  btw there is a lot of small independent states between us and russia , just like pi\u0142sudski wanted , we even are in sth like mi\u0119dzymorze - just bigger and without ukraine ) . 
  yes we have different conditions now . 
  but everything can be fucked up when you 're sufficiently incompetent . 
  with how people react to all that happened last 25 years you would think we 're in bad conditions . 
  instead we had the 2 best decades in polish history ( maybe except late xvi century ) . 
  how is it possible to like 2nd polish republic better than 3rd is beyond me . 
  in 1919  the czechoslovak government in prague requested that the poles cease their preparations for elections to the polish sejm in the area that had been designated polish in the interim agreement as no sovereign rule was to be executed in the disputed areas . 
  the polish government declined and czechoslovak units attacked the polish part of cieszyn silesia to prevent the elections in the contested territory . 
  how do you call it `` attacking neutral czechoslovakia '' ? 
  regarding 1938 i agree . 
  but the worst was abandonment of half of belarus and ukraine after won war against ussr and annexion of the remaining half . 
  they were supposed to be independent states - a buffer against ussr , instead because of internal politics mostly - we annexed half of them and sold the other parts to ussr ... dumb dmowski . 
  and then there was the \u017beligowski debacle and annexation of wilno . 
   polish liberum veto did neither . 
  it mostly worked when you could still duel the person that vetoes , and retry voting . 
  there was a big cost associated to abusing this right . 
  there was only a few succesful vetos for the first 2 centuries . 
  it went to shit when people started to take big guards to parliament ( paid by the same person that bought your veto ) . 
  in democracy you do n't buy voters , you buy media . 
  voters follow . 
  take irish average salary , go to norway . 
  congrats , you 're poor . 
  taking prices level into account seems to be reasonable . 
  people often buy a flat when they have a long-term-partner . 
  add another salary to your equation . 
  parents often help young people at first , for example you can live with them ( and a lot of poles do it for a few years after graduating ) . 
  it depends , but it 's certainly possible ( i 'm one example btw , and i had some not-too-well paying jobs in the past ) , and without `` surviving '' . 
  also in poland 55m2 seems to be the average , not 70m2 . 
   second , our workforce productivity per hour is less than half of that in germany . 
  meaning that on average two poles generate the wealth that one german dude does . 
  you do n't understand how productivity works . 
  productivity mostly depends on the market , population density , wealth per capita , prices level , etc. 
  technology and organization differences between poland and germany are n't so big to explain 100 % increase . 
  how big and wealthy your market is much better explanation . 
  example to understand how stuff external to a company causes low productivity : - mr a is a barber in smalltownovice , population 10 000 in western pomerania . 
  he does hair for 10 z\u0142 ( poor customers ) , and could do 20 clients daily ( working for 8 hours each day ) , but there 's not enough customers there - so he only makes hair for 10 customers daily , and works 4 hours daily = 80 hours monthly . 
  he is great at his trade , but stays there because of family or whatever . 
  he earns 10z\u0142 * 10 * 20 = 2000z\u0142 . 
  his monthly costs are 1000 z\u0142 , so his productivity is 1000 / 80 = 12.5 z\u0142 / hour - mr b is a barber in warsaw . 
  he does hair for 30 z\u0142 ( wealthier customers ) , and has 10 clients daily as well ( he works slower , he 's not as good as mr a so it takes him 8 hours daily ) . 
  his costs are 2 times as big as mr a , because warsaw is more expansive . 
  earnings 30 z\u0142 * 10 * 20 = 6 000z\u0142 . 
  costs 2000 z\u0142 . 
  profit 4 000z\u0142 , so productivity = 4000z\u0142 / 160 hours = 25 z\u0142 / hour . 
  if you moved mr a to warsaw he would have bigger productivity than mr b , but because of market he has lower . 
  no need for technology or organizational differences . 
   educated and skilled population actaully we did n't . 
  most people in early nineties had only middle-school education , only spoke polish and bad russian . 
  we imported english teachers from ukraine , and who knew english had great prospects . 
  university degree was a rarity , to the point that people were using `` mgr '' ( m.a. ), 
  title on their business cards or doors  now it would be ridiculus . 
  in 1989 we only traded with ussr , and mostly in `` we give you coal , you take our grain in exchange '' fashion . 
  in nineties everybody became importers from the west , and somehow trade relations evolved from that . 
  remmitances took off only after eu accession in 2004 , before they were symbolic . 
  the only thing that was there was industrial base , but it was backward , energy-inefficient and build with different assumptions about sourcess of parts and destination markets . 
  a lot of it defaulted a few times in nineties , and had to be scrapped . 
  polish political neighborhood was n't better for the last 300 years . 
  i think he meant russia . 
  that 's not what most people fear . 
  they fear some of polish righ-wing nuts will attack russian right-wing nuts on the way . 
  which is quite likely btw - already happened during euro 2012 before poland-russia game , when russians brought huge `` this is russia '' banner to warsaw . 
  i like liquid democracy the most . 
  at its base it 's direct democracy , but you can delegate your vote on different subjects to different people , and you can change this delegation at any time . 
  and you do n't have to run in elections to get votes delegated to you . 
  for example on economic matters you can delegate to milton friedman , on military to your friend that is military nerd , and on social policies to your grandma . 
  and in the rest you vote yourself . 
  and if some of these people delegate her votes further - your votes go there as well . 
  before each referendum people that have significant amount of votes on it could make a public debate . 
  it 's possible to implement this cheaply , using internet , and to make the voting asynchronous , so people with different daily routines can participate . 
  it 's brilliant concept - fixes a lot of problems with direct and representative democracy . 
  if regaining territories is n't expansionism then russia right now is n't expansionist . 
   most of europe changed owner a lot , after ww2 we all agreed it 's no longer a good excuse to invade . 
  2nd rzeczpospolita did a lot of questionable stuff , btw . 
   and that 's a pity . 
  it 's not a pity . 
  it allows people to communicate . 
  it would be almost impossible if everybody consciously applied grammar rules during conversation . 
  btw grammar is derived from spoken language , not the other way . 
  if enough people speak incorrectly - it becomes correct . 
  small base effect . 
  we 're playing economic opening . 
  why all-in when you 're ahead ? 
  reading/writing , grammar , syntax , ortography , such things for a few years ( but of course kids already speak the language , it 's just to know the theory how it works , and to get rid of common errors ) . 
  it 's not like people wonder `` now , should i use accusativ ? '', 
  when speaking in real life . 
  it just comes naturaly . 
  i did n't feel like it was that important . 
  the only thing that was repeated constantly were `` dyktando `` s - there are pairs of letters in polish that are pronounced the same ( `` rz / \u017c '' , '' \u00f3 / u '' , `` ch '' / `` h '' and a few more ) , and you must know which word use which version , so teacher would read some short text , and you must write it as you hear it without mistakes . 
  after kids can read/write the focus shifts from the language to the literature . 
  we had to read books ( polish and translated foreign classics ) at home and then we discuss them in class , and then there is a test , or a short essay to write about something related to this book , and then a next book . 
  in primary school it was mostly books for kids and teenagers ( childs of bullerbyn is one of the first books every kid in poland read ) . 
  in middle school it was more systematic - starting with greek mythology , illiad , odyssey , bible , etc , through all ages till modern literature . 
  i liked reading books anyway , but the mandatory books were often strangely choosen , and there was a little too much patriotic stuff for my liking , especialy from the boring positivism period .
