  do you have problem with polish citizens suing polish state in strassburg tribunal ? 
  lots of people used these institutions before . 
  the important thing is - how it 's used , not that it is used at all . 
   what polish government is doing is not good yes , and i 'm protesting that . 
   because you have to be blind to not see that everything that has been happening is just power struggle between shitty polish parties i dont care about their supposed motivations , i care about what they do to my country in the process . 
  it 's bad , but it wo n't last long . 
  they already repeat all their errors from their 2-year term of 2007 - arrogance , nepotism , obvious paranoia . 
  and they only bought/persuaded around 35 % of population , while they managed to enrage the rest against them . 
  people already got used to the money , but the corruption and paranoia is more and more irritating . 
  money will end , and pis will fall . 
  hopeful with minimal damage to poland . 
  not very similar , except for loan-words ( mostly government related for example parlament is sejm in polish and sejmas in lithuanian or sth like that ) . 
  lithuanian is baltic group , and polish is slavic group . 
  they are both indoeuropean , and a little closer to each other than let 's say germanic and slavic groups , but still we ca n't understand each other without learning . 
  i could n't understand even 1 word in 10 when i 've heard lithuanians speaking , on the other hand i can understand 30-80 % of words spken in any slavic language ( slovakian , belarussian and ukrainian are the easiest , russian is the hardest ) . 
  btw lithuanian was n't the most popular language in lithuania from commonwealth era - that would be ruthenian ( precursor of belarussian and ukrainian i think ) . 
  lithuania owned a lot of slavic-speaking regions at the time . 
   propaganda wo n't buy medicine , put a roof over your head or fill an empty stomach . 
  that 's why you need cheap vodka as well . 
  polish-lithuanian commonwealth was very progressive for its time . 
  there was a law forbidding to persecute people based on religion and each king ( they were elected btw ) had to sign it before coronation . 
  and if king abused power every nobleman had the right to rebel  if you 're interested in more i recomend : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/warsaw_confederation https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/confederation_ ( poland ) it 's sad how history made this country 99 % catholic and 40 % backward : /, 
  there 's something particulary scary about nanny state going on rampage like that . 
  i do n't know , it 's one thing to have authoritharian regime kill people for whatever reason , it 's basically expected , but when it 's not corrupt people but the system it 's damn scary . 
  like , real-life kafka . 
   you do n't have to be dicks about it . 
  how are they supposed to learn if we do n't make fun of them ? 
  it may be a shock to you , but goering can be wrong too  see vietnam for a war that was supported by government but eventually ended because of population disagreement . 
  another example - japan government ca n't start a war iiuc . 
  and historically - in polish-lithuanian commonwealth king needed all new taxes and wars to be agreed by the nobles ( around 5-10 % of population ) . 
  so yeah , the system makes a difference . 
  it 's for internal use . 
  it shows nicely , how `` average '' russian thinks in the opinion of russian government , if that kind of propaganda is the best they can come up with . 
   antisemitism was absolutely the worst for the jews . 
  i 'm not going to argue that , but they were not the only victims , just the most visible . 
  hitler also put gypsies , muslims , homosexuals , pacifists , slavs , etc in concentration camps ( even before he put jews there ) . 
  the distinguishing factor of 3rd reich was n't antisemitism , but the fact that they went along with all their xenophobies . 
  and in other countries ( some of them with more antisemitism than 3rd reich ) there was no holocaust as long as they had their own stable and relatively sane governments . 
  and the other countries that did genocide ( or mass murder , call it whatever ) was soviet union - again a totalitarian state . 
  i 'm all for fighting discrimination , but i do n't think you can win that fight . 
  even in modern europe people still hate various minorities . 
  the most important is - to have stable system ( government + police ) protecting them . 
  the real problem at the source was n't antisemitism ( which existed everywhere ) , the real problem was resentment over lost war and `` unfair '' treatment afterwards , plus a lot of economic frustration . 
  same thing happens in russia after ussr fell and they had hard 90s . 
  makes people support all kinds of nuts and belive whatever as long as it promises easy solution and scapegoats . 
  and now same thing happens all over the world to a lesser degree - that 's the reason behind trump , kaczy\u0144ski , brexit , golden dawn , orban , erdogan . 
  populism is on the rise . 
   many people become extremist in certain views when they find religion in their adulthood . 
  is n't it funny how he was atheist when it was profitable , and is catholic when it 's profitable . 
  sapkowski sold cdpr rights to make as many witcher games as they wish . 
  i guess that 's one reason he roesn like their success . 
  women live 10-15 % longer than men on average . 
  seems quite an important gender disparity , do n't you think ? 
  why is it ignored ? 
  `` mr x killed mr y and is accused of murder by family of mr y. 
  meanwhile , mr z also killed a man , but is n't accused by the family of mr y. 
  how come ? '', 
  wel - anybody can put the accusation , but it 's not the responsibility of 1 side to accuse every criminal in the world . 
  sorry to disappoint you . 
  russia is n't even communist now . 
  and again  i have n't even mentioned communism . 
  thank you for showcasing your biases by defending against nonexisting accusations . 
  abortion law change is kinda side-effect of pis alliance with radical catholic movements . 
  ca n't say no to these people now  but ask poles about lgbt or refuges ( or jews for that matter ) , and you 'll see where is the problem . 
  same thing . 
  he 's with the people ( british ) against immigrants . 
  pis is with the people ( `` conservative '' poles ) against `` the leftists '' . 
  i put that in quotes because there 's nothing conservative in removing personal liberties and breaking constitution , but that 's their pr . 
  well he was also the guy that invited venetian commision to poland to prove government is not breaking constitution , and when the commision decided it is - he accused them of being politicaly controlled by polish opposition  he 's just that stupid . 
  there is statisticaly significant difference . 
  imho it 's because women have to try harder in poorer countries ( and there 's not much alternatives to `` catching '' a good husband ) . 
  also obesity is not a problem . 
   europe 's last dictatorship we 've got a few more recently . 
  i was under the impression you have lots of empty spaces in your country . 
  yup , it 's `` why not '' money for them . 
  well , `` almost '' no computers . 
  so , no bet ? 
  personal attacks instead . 
  fine . 
  i 'm writting games as a hobby . 
  ensuring 60 fps on mobile is hard . 
  do you want to bet a beer of your choice that you wo n't be able to write a code measuring sth , calculating sin of that , and writing the result to another port on any android device currently on market , and hitting a 10khz window each time ? 
  i am pretty sure c64 can do that . 
  i 'm sure arduino can . 
  i mean a code like this : while ( true ) { new_value_to_send = somecalculation ; noop ; noop ; noop ; send_to_port ( new_value_to_send ) ; } with modern cpu ( that have branch prediction so if they predict correctly they speed up , if next data is in cache - same ) - this takes variable amount of time , so you have to sync it some different way . 
  with 8bit-era cpu the loop takes same time each iteration , so you can directly control some hardware requiring strict timings ( as i suspect system with piezoelectric sensors , sine wave generators and rotating driveshafts do ) . 
  there 's a reason people still buy 8-bit microcontrollers in times when tousand times more powerful raspberry pi is almost as cheap . 
  it worked for 25 years , so it was bough in early nineties . 
  c64 became popular ( available ) in poland after iron curtain fell in 1989 . 
  before that almost no personal computers in poland : / i got my c64 on first communion in 1992 and it was still great gift . 
   i suspect you could just run a commondore emulator on it with this software running in it , and it would do the job . 
  timings would be different , messing up everything . 
  old software interfacing with hardware was usually written depending on the exact time it takes to execute each instruction . 
  ca n't do that on modern cpus with prefetching and branch prediction and many levels of cashes . 
  and then there 's also traditional operating systems and all the abstraction layers adding unpredictable delays , and when you want to control a hardware that needs atttention in short constant intervals - it 's hard . 
  system is based on self-made table for calibrating drive-shafts , connected to generator of sine-wave signal , and piezzo-electric sensors for detecting vibrations . 
  software is self-made too . 
  and you ca n't program it to do real-time , low-latency work ( like measuring how much a turning drive shaft is skewed in this case ) . 
  it 's funny how 1 mhz cpu without operating system can do jobs 1 ghz cpus with operating systems ca n't . 
  then it wastes lots of heat by dumping still warm water to drain instead of heating it again ( less heating needed cause it 's still warm ) .
