  it has lots of territory , and most of it is useless anyway . 
  that 's how they fought most of their past wars , too . 
  men can marry women . 
  women ca n't marry women . 
  not the same rights . 
  no reason for that . 
  what 's good about granting different rights to people depending on their sex ? 
  i do n't know . 
  we usually train defence not invasion . 
  nice . 
  we use old-style metal pen , sth like this : https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/9/90/stalowki_0211.jpg/220px-stalowki_0211.jpg for the wax - you get a little wax on it , heat it over a candle , and paint . 
  in my family it 's still done , but yeah , it 's kids job . 
  who would n't want to play with candles , fire , old-style pen , wax , and eggs at the same time ? 
  cokoliv/neco i think herna is more like `` wihajster '' - a humoruos word for the tool/thing you are looking for at the time and do n't remember the name . 
  i wonder if czechs have vihaister or sth like that ? 
  also capi\u0107 is slang for `` to stink '' . 
  and \u0142 as w, 
  polish : szuka\u0107 = to search czech : szuka\u0107 = to fuck this causes a lot of problems for tourists . 
  `` we need people that can bullshit like noone to tell us what we want '', 
  well , they are very pretty . 
  in my region they usually just wax and boil them once . 
  or boil first , and then scratch them . 
  you do it by waxing , boiling in pigment , waxing , boiling in different pigment , etc ? 
  47 % thinks that women should n't have the right to abortion in the first weeks of the pregnancy , and 44 % thinks she should ( no matter the reason ) . 
  some limitations include `` on demand , but only in the first weeks of pregnancy '' , which is currently forbidden . 
  18 % in zimbabwe is quite bad . 
  is this trolling , or are you really this dumb ? 
  edit : nevermind , i 've read your post history . 
  you do know about half of poles support legal abortion ? 
  sorry but it 's not as simple as you show it . 
  according to cbos poll in 2010 : - 38 % was for legal abortion ( with some exceptions ) - 36 % was against legal abortion ( with some exceptions ) - 14 % was against legal abortion ( no exceptions ) - 7 % was for legal abortion ( no exceptions ) - 5 % was undecided http://www.cbos.pl/spiskom.pol/2010/k_100_10.pdf and this ( + - 50-50 ) split is the same since 1989 ( see http://biurose.sejm.gov.pl/teksty_pdf_96/r-90.pdf ) . 
  poles do support church in huge majority ( 90 + % catholics ) , and church is significant political player unfortunately ( because it can sway + - 10 % of voters one way or another - and this is huge in politics ) . 
  but most poles do n't treat catholicism as all-or-nothing . 
  a of of people say thery are catholic , but do n't like church for example , and disagree about some matters . 
  for another example - almost everybody support legal divorces , and legal anticonception despite church teaching . 
  with abortion it 's roughly 50-50 despite church teaching , so the current state ( abortion illegal with few theorethical exceptions ) is n't reflecting public opinion well . 
  it 's a bad idea to divide 38\u00a0000\u00a0000 people by one category , and consider them as all having the same opinion in subgroups - it 's alost always false ( and you seem to do it often - not only for catholics , but also for `` leftists '' ) . 
  imagine that there are `` leftists '' that are against legal abortion , and ( quite a lot ) catholics that are for legal abortion . 
  btw i do agree breaking law is n't the way to do this - the way to do this is to protest on the streets , but polish society do n't care enough about abortion ( and you can go see germany or czech republic if you want abortion - so only poor people have no choice but to have kids if they are pregnant ) . 
  that 's one reason i hope for big left-wing party in polish parliament , despite voting center-right myself . 
  just kill sld already . 
  these are patriot missiles and similar . 
  the are very fast , very agile ( turn very quickly ) , can survive huge acceleration changes , and have relatively small warhead optimised for destroying weakly armored , small targets , like planes or missiles . 
  they also have very advanced ( and expansive ) targetting systems and are designed to be controlled by radar stations on their way , so you can not shoot more than a few per active radar station at once . 
  and to use them against ground targets you would have to modify software so they do n't require radar station support after they start to fall ( otherways you will lose contact with radar station when they are near ground and missiles may miss the target ) . 
  and they are orders of magnitude more expansive than dumb missiles that target land . 
  on the other hand grad or similar system has 40 missiles shoot at once , every few minutes . 
  they have much bigger warheads ( relative to their size ) , are orders of magnitude cheaper ( both ammo and launchers ) , and do n't require much electronics to be effective . 
  all post-communist countries had them since forever , some modernized them . 
  1 volley from grad battery is cheaper and much more effective than anything you could do from patriot missile . 
  then there are nsm or rbs missiles - bigger and more expansive than grad missiles , and with bigger range . 
  also cheaper than patriot . 
  poland has these . 
  and then there are jaasm - stealth missiles with huge range . 
  not cheaper , but much better capabilities . 
  and bigger warhead again . 
  poland has these too . 
  why would anybody want to modify patriots or similar sams to shoot ground ? 
  makes as much sense as adding tracks to a plane . 
  neither good tank nor a good plane . 
  if russia was concerned about offensive missiles it would complain since 90-s about all the ground-to-ground missiles poland and others have - it have n't . 
  russia is clearly concerned about nato ability to shield poland and baltic states from a few ballistic missiles on the other hand ( against massed fire it wo n't work anyway ) . 
  now - why would you be afraid that your neighbors can defend against a few nukes ? 
  it 's supposed to be about military , but from military pov they are in worse position than before . 
  not only countries that were neutral think of joining nato , nato put tousands soldiers in eastern flank , countries there increased military spending significantly , russia ca n't maintain logistic lines to transdniestria through ukraine , and has to supply army in crimea through sea or air ( before it just went throuhg land ) . 
  the only way this makes sense is internal pr . 
  building a new base is peanuts compared to what russians lost on that war , not even including the sanctions . 
  and then you have to rebuild infrastructure in crimea to connect it to russia after ukraine stops delivering energy and water , and to build bridge over sea to have reasonable connection . 
  sorry but economicaly it made no sense whatsoever . 
  perhaps russians should n't put such idiots in position of diplomats , generals , and foreign ministry ? 
  or at least they should have said `` that 's not what we mean '' afterwards . 
  i mean - if usa secretary said `` we can invade france anytime , you know '' - someone would say sorry at least . 
  why exactly should people that do n't want to become russia care about russians hurt pride and dreams of empire ? 
  russians had the same chance for democracy and prosperity as all eastern european countries . 
  most of these did a lot better than russia , despite russians having free money from siberia . 
  now that they fucked up their chance we should give them some country so they stop crying ? 
  how will that help to solve the problem , exactly ? 
  they will remain corrupt backward shithole with nukes and no idea what democracy means . 
  they will continue to cause problems . 
  putin support will fall again eventually , and he will have to invade another country , or at least start some minority witch hunt to gain support again . 
  or there will be revolution and another putin will gain power . 
  hopefuly without touching the red buttons . 
  sorry , but your post make no sense . 
  i live in a country , where 30 % of people are 100 % sure po is the source of all evil , and another 30 % are 100 % sure pis is the source of all evil . 
  they coexist , but listen to different radio stations , watch different tv channels , read different newspapers , and frequent different websites . 
  and they discard anything that disagree with what they already think . 
  it 's a little scary . 
  but yeah , at least there is 2 options , not 1 . 
  should have started some small war . 
   chechnya is part of russia nincompoop . 
  countries have a right to prevent areas from seceding , do n't they ? 
  russia seems to disagree - see crimea/donbas  btw https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/2011_military_intervention_in_libya it had un approval too . 
  and ukraine had nothing to do with usa , and everything to do with people having enough living in corrupt shithole , when they could have be in eu like all their more succesful neighbors . 
  seriously , no need for `` destabilization '' , when you see how poland , romania , hungary , or slovakia changed after 25 years , and then compare to ukraine . 
   how many countries has russia agressed against in the last 20 years ? 
  chechenia , georgia , ukraine . 
   and how many has nato ? 
  iraq , afghanistan . 
  now , afghanistan had un aproval . 
  why the secret part of pact ( ussr gets half of poland ) if all ussr wanted was peace ?
