  well , satan 's not all bad . 
  remember when there was acta and snowden case , and everything that was pro-american was downvoted ? 
  that 's because depending on the issue `` american '' side can be right or wrong , and while it was wrong regarding acta , sopa , nsa and snowden , it is right regarding russia . 
   there are n't ` good guys ' in this conflict . 
  there are normal guys , and evil guys . 
   the west should n't have supported a questionable regime that gave russia an excuse . 
  who in your opinion should the west support when a country wants to do away with government that turns from flawed democracy into authoritharian rule ? 
  you may not remember , but the real reason for majdan was the change in ukrainian consitution that yanukovych did . 
  the refused eu partnership deal was only the last straw of yanukovych government . 
  all this moral relativity , `` it 's all shades of grays anyway '' , etc are nice when it comes to regular politics , but some things are simply evil . 
  invading other countries is one of such things . 
  saying `` both sides are at fault , and the truth is always in the middle '' is counterproductive - it gives russian strategy legitimacy and allows putin to plan more radical moves in the future . 
  yes , there are bad people in ukrainian government . 
  some of them really bad . 
  but there were bad people in the previous government too . 
  putin did n't gave a shit about them cause these were his bad people . 
  and putin is n't exactly good guy himself . 
  i do n't see how a neutral observator with all available information can blame ukraine or `` the west '' for what happened . 
  they do n't . 
  both sides just accuse the other of being nazi cause nazi has bad associations . 
  the difference is - you can leave eu . 
  nobody will invade you because of that . 
  first of all public healthcare has as much to do with socialism as public roads or public courts , which means - nothing . 
  and i say that as a very anti-socialist pole . 
  we do n't like communism here , because we had the bad luck to taste it for 50 years . 
  secondly - the practice described in the article is common in many parts of the world , no matter if there 's public healthcare or no . 
  see that fragment :  in 2012 , gsk paid $ 3bn ( # 1.9 bn ) in the largest healthcare fraud settlement in us history after pleading guilty to promoting two drugs for unapproved uses and failing to report safety data about a diabetes drug to the food and drug administration . 
  mongols tried to fight russia and succeded . 
  swedes tried to fight russia and succeded . 
  poles tried to fight russia and succeded . 
  twice . 
  even little finland practically won with russia ( technically lost , but whatever ) . 
  there 's no country on earth that always wins wars . 
  and that was not what i 've meant by learning from history - what i 've meant is - people should not let bullies decide borders . 
  and i do n't propose fighting with russia , because thankfully we 're not at that stage ( yet ) . 
  but if we let russia invade one country it would be harder to defend the next . 
  that 's the lesson of ww2 , and it 's outrageus that petty interests make people forget that . 
   antagonizing the bear is always a bad idea history have n't taught you anything . 
  math is the base of all sciences and without understanding math you can only do art ( few people needed there ) , customer service , or manual labour . 
  without understanding of statistics you can not make informed political or economical decisions . 
  you basically must trust media and other people to tell you which politician says the truth and which lies . 
  and you have to trust other people when it comes to investments . 
  kids do n't want to learn hard things , but that does n't mean we should n't teach them . 
  not much difference . 
   is one big , ugly mess , which will have unforseen consequences for all parties involved . 
  only because russia ca n't let go . 
  both journalists and the protestors , 
  which one of the total 15 people ? 
  the poem of czes\u0142aw mi\u0142osz that the article mentioned is really great : http://www.poemhunter.com/poem/child-of-europe/, 
  some poles were provocated by russian embassy standing there , 
  not new . 
  when it comes to conspiracy about smole\u0144sk crash nothing 's new . 
  yup , from political pov it 's stupid . 
  po lost a lot of support because of the plane crash - pis ( the kaczy\u0144ski party ) almost could win that elections , and before the crash they had no chances . 
  before the crash most people laughed at kaczy\u0144ski , after he was almost a hero ( well , at least for a few weeks ) . 
  germany is n't bad . 
  czech republic wtf ? 
  i think the difference is level of crime ( higher in usa , especially in some minorities ) , and access to guns . 
  nobody goes to work in police in poland expecting to be shoot at , or to have to use gun . 
  in usa it 's much riskier job , and they act accordingly . 
  making them teach ukrainians would be useless , because ukraine is closer to eu than usa regarding crime and gun access . 
  go back to year 2000 . 
  imagine someone asked you if russia will invade any countries in next 20 years . 
  compare what you would say then to what happened . 
  before ww2 most people believed war in europe is impossible , because all countries are connected by trade and war would n't be profitable . 
  it still happened . 
  after ww1 germany was failed state with galloping inflation , no money to pay back the debts , there were even starving people there . 
  20 years later germany conquered the whole continental europe . 
  in 1971 nobody would believe in 20 years ussr wo n't exists ( or at least that it would vainsh without global thermonuclear war ) . 
  it 's very hard to predict 20 years forward , so it 's better not to dismiss even seamingly absurd opinions . 
  nope . 
  i said russia is stuck in local maximum - it already has resources and detterence , so it does n't need to normalize to survive , and it does n't have democracy , cause it got the resources too early ( or normalized too late ) . 
  just like the oil states in middle east . 
  usa , canada , norway , netherlands were modern and democratic ( at least in comparison to contemporary couintries ) before it got resources , so they never got stuck . 
  i 'd like to see one country that got rich easily and then got democratic , but i ca n't find any . 
  do you consider us undemocratic , not modern , or more corrupt than average country ? 
  it has its problems ( huge disparities , weird duopoly in politics , probably many others ) , but it certainly is more democratic than average country , despite all the changes to the worse in last decade . 
  and it was normal already when the fossil fuels business started . 
  can you give some examples ? 
  i can only think of countries that have resources but are n't normal ( muslim republics , russia , some african countries ) , and countries that were normal before discovery of the resources already ( norway , canada , netherlands ? 
  nope . 
  they just are stuck in local maximum . 
  i do n't believe in normalization in russia as long as they have nukes ( nobody invades them ) and natural resources ( government can be as wasteful and corrupt as it pleases ) . 
  westerners think russian people believe in russian propaganda like westerners believe western propaganda . 
  that 's false - russians know that media lies and take correction for that . 
  they just does n't mind that media lie . 
  russians think western propaganda is just as bad as the russian one , so they apply the same correction to what western media show them . 
  that 's wrong - reality is much less distorted in the western media . 
  russians want empire , cause their last try at creating a normal , democratic country was a huge failure . 
  and they assume everybody lie , so fuck the human rights and free media , it 's just naive westernes who believe in such fairy tales , do whatever it takes as long as we 're on the top . 
  so , the prices will rise by 33 % ( cause 6 hours of work are now paid like 8 hours of work ) and nothing else changes ? 
  we should , and the standard one should be the one that 's used more often . 
  sorry british . 
  and do n't get me started on driving on the wrong side . 
  or double taps . 
   russia took crimea because not having control of their military base there would mean losing control of a very strategic body of water . 
  they have other military bases on black sea shore on their legitimate land near sewastopol . 
  these bases are just smaller and less developed , but it 's much cheaper in long term to build up a military base , than to annex neighbor . 
  they already lost millions on stock exchange , in borrowing costs and fighting currency speculations , these army movements are n't free either , and i do n't even count pr costs and wasted future profits ( because eu will turn to other fossil fuels sources faster ) . 
  kinda weird to build international business center and then quit doing international business .
