  and polish is n't going anywhere . 
  also i have instant advantage over anglophones that way . 
  mad . 
  they are going to cut themselves off the world economy for insignificant and poor piece of land . 
  logical conclusion of such strategy is russia only doing business with china , belarus and north korea . 
  and while china is a big market - it would mean russia has 3 customers , one of them making up more than 90 % of the trade . 
  and china can still trade with anybody , russia ca n't . 
  in short - it would make russia china 's bitch . 
   averaging out gdp tells us nothing much about the eu . 
  and when tiny economies grow by 25 % what does that mean ? 
  compared with , say , germany growing 25 % ? 
  everybody knows that , that 's why people use average weighted by base gdp of each country . 
  which is the same as growth calulated for the whole eu from first principles ( new gdp of eu - old gdp of eu / old gdp of eu ) . 
  they had more experience ( they fougth in poland and then in france ) . 
  they were already selected ( the worse , mediocre , and unlucky pilots died in the first few weeks german invasion ) . 
  they were used to slower airplanes with less firepower than luftwaffe when in poland , so they had to rely on tactics and skill more - when they got planes on par with german ones they had advantage . 
  and they had nothing to lose . 
  if states does n't exists the whole humanity will suffer if there 's a dictator . 
  nowhere to run . 
  totalitarism in such system can very well be eternal . . 
  when states exists dictators only hurt people in their countries ( or neighbors when they invade - still better than everybody ) . 
  you can see states as a way to manage the possible damage . 
  `` not putting all the eggs in one basket '' . 
  that lenin story that every manual laborer should learn to govern a country ? 
  the basic stereotype is : nation of gentlemans . 
  hat , monocle , mandatory tea at 5 o'clock . 
  not very pretty woman . 
  political pragmatics - balance of power , etc. 
  sold us to soviets after `` we saved them '' in the battle for britain . 
  nowadays big numbers of them puke every day on the main square in krak\u00f3w , which slowly changes their image of gentlemen . 
  scotish are seen as stereotypically the most greedy nation for some strange reason , but we like them anyway cause they fought for independence and are badass . 
  poles love irish culture , we see huge parallels between our history , we both love to drink and are mostly catholic nations often occupied by others . 
  and their music is great . 
  and beer . 
  even before massive emigration to ireland poles loved irish , there are many polish songs about ireland , irish dancing is popular ( well , not mainstream , but in most big cities you can find groups doing it ) . 
  about welsh we only know that norman davies is one , and that they have impossible language , even stranger looking than polish . 
  how is usa doing something evil relevant to what russia does to european countries ? 
  oh they try , they just ca n't find anything serious , 
  to give a country you must first take a country . 
  forget them , but isaac newton should be there . 
  yup . 
  politicians are irrelevant in the grand scheme of things . 
  so it 's italians . 
  i knew it !, 
  of course poland want to have nato and eu members around us . 
  polish politicians openly said many times during the protests that we wish for ukrainians protesters to succeed . 
  so what ? 
  why would poland ( or anybody for that matter ) need to teach people how to demonstrate ? 
  burning tires and singing is n't exactly hard . 
  did protesters at majdan even used any military tactics or equipment ? 
  they protested for 3 months . 
  compare protesters at kyiv with protesters at crimea and see which ones were really ukrainian , and which ones were foreign sponsored . 
  little hint - sponsored ones have all the same camouflage , machine guns and armored cars . 
  regular people wear whatever they have and does n't have weapons . 
  it 's polish newspaper owned by http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/jerzy_urban he 's very colorful character - he tried to be independent journalist during communism at first , then switched sides to become communist government spokeperson from august 1981 to april 1989 ( so including maritial law when communist government shoot to polish workers peacefully protesting against them - he repeatedly defended that pacification publicly and basically every weekend for 9 years lied in tv ) . 
  for example he criticized jerzy popie\u0142uszko ( priest murdered by communist government in 1984 for his critique of communism , and very patriotic public speeches ) . 
  after popie\u0142uszko was murdered and found in river , urban was accusing foreign provocators and solidarity for that . 
  it was of course all fault of foreign influences , spies , etc , etc. 
  listening to putin and russian media now is quite weird - it feels like time machine . 
  example of urban as spokeperson of communists ( sorry , could n't find it in english ) : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gj6heb5qb0i only after 1989 it turned out police killed that priest on government order . 
  urban newspaper ( while independent of all big media camps in poland ) publishes everything that 's critical of current government , and especially church ( hence name meaning `` no '' ) , but also eu , nato , usa , i 've only read them maybe 10 times in my life , and the only sacred subject seems to be sld ( polish post-communist party ) and prl ( poland during communism ) . 
  the way it 's done in `` nie '' is - outrageous claims on the first page ( and in internet version ) , `` buy paper version for more details '' , and nothing that really supports the claims inside . 
  i 'd like to see the whole article ( the linked one is just the claims ) , but i wo n't fall for that another time . 
  i like multi-party democracy ( as opposed to one-party-with-2-different-names democracy of usa ) , i just do n't see european parlament parties as real parties . 
  nobody cares about europarlament , it 's just way to earn money for politicians that have no chance at national level . 
  real politics and real debates are at national level , and the european parties gather people from many different real ( national ) parties , so they do n't map to any real political divisions between voters . 
  just as well you could divide europarlamentarists by their year of birth and make people vote on 1984 vs 1990 etc. 
  is it me , or parties in european parlament are irrelevant ? 
  is n't that ( hiring family to do jobs paid by public money ) called nepotism ? 
  and even worse than hypocrisy ? 
  politicians in poland got problems for such stuff ( admitably - it 's popular here as well ) even though we have no immigration debate and anyway their families are polish most often - it 's just poor form to hire family and make taxpayers pay them . 
  makes you wonder if it 's really the best person to do the job , or is it just a scheme to get money from state . 
  so what 's wrong with all the people that give central and eastern europeans job in uk then ? 
  are all these jobs not theirs to give to the cheaper workers ? 
  nigel farages job is his , but all the other jobs are the property of all uk citizens apparently , no matter who pays for them . 
  and i 'd guess just as nigels wife is best for that job ( and that 's why she got it ) - c&e europeans are best for the jobs they got ( why would anybody hire someone who 's not the best for the job if he does n't know him ? ) . 
  it 's easier to argue that hiring your wife is prone to nepotism and giving jobs to people who are not best at what they do than hiring foreigners you do n't know , so if anything - what farage did is worse according to his own rethoric than what regular british people hiring foreigners do . 
  arguemnt `` if it 's any good it would exist already '' is hardcore conservative  quite hard to defend such argument in modern constantly changing world . 
  all of these will run out eventually . 
  i agree that coal is bad . 
  i 'm all for building new nuclear powerplants . 
  but the coal infrastructure is there and while we do n't have anything better we should use it . 
  blackouts are not a good solution . 
  killing the economy with 5x energy prices are also not acceptable . 
  regarding `` renewable '' power sources - most of them are unpredictable and require huge investment into electric networks to be used . 
  traditional powerplants require much less transfer capacity , because you can predict how much they produce and control the output . 
  until we have batteries orders of mangtitude better than the current ones we ca n't really store energy on required scale , so we still need traditional powerplants to provide baseload , and additionaly we can use renewable powerplants , but most of the time these will produce wrong amount of energy - too much or not enough . 
  so the traditional powerplants must be `` on standby '' to protect from blackouts and the whole electric network must be protected from overproduction - that is very costly . 
  it 's much better to invest in nuclear powerplants , especially in new designs , there 're few promising technologies , like breeder reactors , or the ones using thorium . 
  it 's the most sustainable choice right now , but instead ecologists press countries to switch from nuclear to renewables ( which really means switching from nuclear to coal , oil or gas powerplants , cause renewables ca n't provide baseload with current energy storage technologies ) . 
  anyway , the energy union is n't really about solidarity , but about economy - it would be better economically to buy energy as one huge customer than as 25 small customers . 
  much better leverage . 
  . . which were originaly posted on 4chan . 
  there is no sustainable way to exist either . 
  let 's stop  life sustains itself by increasing entropy , when entropy is maximum - life is impossible . 
  so we should n't talk about renewable and nonrenewable resources ( there are no renewable resources in the long term ) - we should talk about optimally using the resources we have . 
  zaolzie , przedolzie , it depends on point of view , 
  skipped a few geography lessons , i see . 
   for what added value ? 
  entertainment maybe ?
