  we do . 
  example from my city - http://wiadomosci.gazeta.pl/kraj/1,34309,5459859.html basically polish state paid money to some jewish organization in usa for this jesziwa building in 1964 , 50 years later some other jewish organization in poland got the building anyway ( for free ) , and now both organizations say it 's all ok . 
  i would prefer if neither church nor jewish religious organizations got stuff from state on the basis of religion alone - it 's just one huge corruption magnet , and the people that actually had rights to the stuff wo n't get anything in the end . 
  better than restitution of palestinian property in israel , i guess , 
  well , it depends on how far back you want to go . 
  imagine poles living in houses taken from expelled germans after ww2 give back these houses . 
  these people ( their parents and grandparents ) were expelled from what become ussr . 
  will they get their family houses in ukraine , russia , belarus and lithuania back ? 
  or should they be homeless now ? 
  who will pay for that ? 
  but , history does n't end at ww2 . 
  before that there were also changes of borders and people lost their wealth because of wars . 
  what about the partitions ? 
  should we rewind these changes too ? 
  what about poles expelled to siberia and their wealth confiscated by russians ? 
  what about victims of germanisation in prussia ? 
  what about swedish deluge ? 
  there 's still some stuff in sweden museums that was stolen in poland during deluge , and some stuff in polish museums was stolne in moscow or during the defence of vienna from ottomans . 
  at some point you need to stop , we 're all descendants of invaders and thieves . 
  these that did the right thing were victims and died without kids . 
  and then many other countries made it its own . 
  does n't change the fact that at the most basic level it 's still heavily influenced by jewish mythology and history . 
  most popular first names in europe are still jewish , greek or roman ( well , sometimes also muslim now , but that 's recent development ) . 
  everybody knows jewish myths and history better than myths and history of other european countries 500 km away . 
  the whole dekalog stuff is quite important for western culture , wo n't you agree ? 
  call uncle stalin about that . 
  half of european culture comes from israel by catholic proxy . 
  and they lived in europe for 1000 years . 
  that being said - no place in eu for countries that occupy other countries . 
  i 've heard there are also some people in poland living outside of warsaw , 
  that 's not what happened . 
  http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/charge_at_krojanty btw both sides used horses , mostly for transport in hard terrain , poles also occasionaly charged at infantry ( and it was often effective ) . 
  cavalry charges against infantry with pikes were considered insanity at the time . 
  hussar lances however were drilled empty inside , so they were lighter and longer than infantry pikes allowing succesfull charges against fortified infantry with minimal danger to hussars - that was how hussars dealt with such big armies - repeatedly charging and falling back for fresh lances/pistols almost without human loses ( hussar horses on the other hand died very often - sometimes 10 % of horses could die in the first charge , while human loses among them were usually less than 1 % in the whole battle ) . 
  this happened a lot in xvii century and was a great way to win wars as long as you had enough lances and horses . 
  it even starts with `` oh , lithuania , my motherland ''  but mickiewicz wanted to recreate lithuania as a part of polish-lithuanian commonwealth , so it 's all good . 
  uk and france were in alliance with us , and only formally started war in 1939 , then waited for almost a year doing nothing waiting for hitler to invade france . 
  then after the war ( alliance still valid ) uk together with usa sold poland to ussr . 
  from the realpolitik pov it 's understandable . 
  from the moral pov it 's called betrayal . 
  in poland we have this tradition of `` kwadrans akademicki '' ( academic quarter of an hour ) - if someone is late you wait for 15 minutes and then you are free to go . 
  mostly it 's used when students wait for lesson or exam and professor is late - after 15 minutes they can go home and it 's professor 's fault . 
  but if either students or professor are late less than 15 minutes it 's ok ( well , tradition says so , some people do n't think so  ) . 
   a kindergarten has stopped serving pork , with the reason that they do n't wish to treat the kids differently . 
  what if some kid is vegetarian ? 
  better stop serving meat . 
  no , i 've never seen check in real life , and in tv only in american movies . 
  everybody just use internet banking and debet/credit cards ( debet cards are more popular ) . 
  it 's called timeless classic and not bland . 
  eu flag on the other hand is just kitsch . 
  no , because it 's ugly . 
  paywall ahead . 
  english teaching in polish schools is bad , people learn english because english is everywhere - in computer games , radio , movies , internet . 
  many poles from my generation ( eighties ) learnt english from computer games in early nineties . 
  no voice overs then , so we learnt reading/writing , but no pronounciation . 
  that 's my story , i 'm still shy when i have to speak english in public . 
  now kids download english movies/series from internet so their prounounciation is ok . for me it 's too late i 'm affraid . 
  regarding knowledge of english in the countryside - i 'd say it 's not so bad - the division is mainly generational and not city vs countryside . 
  youth from countryside often work abroad during holidays , so they can communicate at the basic level . 
  people older than 30 usually do n't know english at all ( instead they often know russian , german or french ) . 
  especially 500 $ seems outrageus . 
  it 's like you can not even buy computer for cash : /, 
  til there are cash transaction limits in some countries . 
  it 's to fight money laundering , i suppose ? 
  still seems bigbrother-ish . 
   `` if nuclear power is put on a similar footing to renewable energy sources , this will result in billions in nuclear subsidies , '' tobias m\u00fcnchmeyer , an energy expert with greenpeace said . 
  germanymust not `` fall for this trojan horse from the nuclear states , '' he added . 
  poland is not a nuclear state - it does n't have nuclear powerplants , and only plan to build one . 
  btw : in poland greenpeace has very bad reputation , as `` ecoterrorist '' organization that just protest everything and gather money from naive people and do n't do anything important . 
  is it similar in other countries ? 
  the one country with which we always win in world cup / euro eliminations . 
  and somehow cd projekt still managed to build small empire selling legal games here . 
  the main reason is - they adapted prices to the market , and provided better experience than pirates ( many companies still provide worse experience for legal customers with all that drm bullshit than pirates with possibly infested torrents ) . 
  btw : tragedy of commons is one interpretation - it 's not clear that overall piracy effect is bad for culture . 
  there are some studies that shows the exact opposite . 
  to be fair pc games are much more reasonably priced in poland . 
  for one thing consoles are n't popular here , pc gaming rules in poland , and small market = bigger prices . 
  but mostly because it 's much easier to pirate pc games - turns out competition is good for customers , no matter if it 's legal competition . 
  sweden were participant of marshall plan after ww2 iirc ? 
  how is it bad thing when you are paying , and good thing when you were receiving ? 
  i think gimping ( til that word ) offensive capabilities is a good thing when not all members agree to attack . 
  against . 
  1 . unified education means bigger countries dictate history interpretation and cultural choices to smaller countries . 
  i 've seen it happening in communist poland and it 's ugly . 
  the more points of view - the better for truth . 
  2 . unified army on the other hand seems easy and sensible thing to do , even today , using similar rules to nato , no need for use to do that , and defensive capabilities can be much stronger with smaller costs in that way . 
  i support this as long as countries can opt their armies out of partiular offensive operations . 
  3 . unified police seems harmless on the first sight , but i do n't see the benefits over current situation ( interpol and other coopoeration programs ) . 
  one drawback i see is - it will be much easier to bribe 1 man dealing with your case and be done with it , than to bribe relevant officers in every country where you perform crimes . 
  i assume courts are still national of course , otherways i 'm against . 
  overall - the bigger the country the less influence citizens have over the government . 
  why would we want to go that way ? 
  it might be that , but i think big part of the explanation is simpler - people just consume less in these countries . 
  generally on that map countries with higher gdp per capita produce more rubbish . 
  of course both explanations may be true . 
  strange , i 've been to l'viv and everybody were very friendly . 
  actually it is exactly that - it 's even called `` tit for tat '' . 
  you start with trust , and then each turn you repeat what your opponent did last turn . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/prisoner's_dilemma#strategy_for_the_iterated_prisoners.27_dilemma  the winning deterministic strategy was tit for tat , which anatol rapoport developed and entered into the tournament . 
  it was the simplest of any program entered , containing only four lines of basic , and won the contest .
