  so pleas stop pretending the situation is in any way similar . 
  now we can argue that po had no reason to take over public media because it had tvn . 
  but the simple fact remains - it did n't messed with tvp anywhere close to what pis does . 
  it changes very ittle . 
  still 10 out of 15 judges are chosen by parliament using regular majority , and the rest using 60 % majority . 
  in the even of not choosing a judge the judge chosen by ziobro ( ministry of justice so - government ) stays . 
  also because of technical reasons ( the correction by duda will be voted later ) - pis will already change the judges it does n't like , before the correction applies . 
  so only the next government will be more restricted ( and still not very much ) . 
  it 's better than nothing , but not much better . 
  yeah that 's the funny thing , they are so very much against russia according to them , but use the exact same propaganda . 
  eu , germany , lgbt , soros , ngos , majdan = bad . 
  trump , conservatism , national everything = good . 
  and by `` more subtle propaganda '' you mean they paid for programs prepared by opposition supporters that were criticizing them . 
  which is n't `` more subtle propaganda '' , it 's pluralism in public media , the opposite of current situation . 
  yeah ? 
  show me similar level of propaganda from 1990-2015 . 
  may i remind you that tvp during po reign had 2 political programs by pis supporters ( wildstein and ziemkiewicz ) . 
  both criticized po heavily . 
  compare to tvp under kurski . 
  no , that 's wrong , because then you would have to say polish-lithuanian union won the grunwald battle , and we established it was russia . 
  does it occur to them that by the same logic it was ukraine that won ww2 , not russia ? 
  i 'm telling you that public opinion about politicians is even worse , and it 's not an argument . 
   we 're still electing post-communists and their cronies . 
  post communists are sld and are irrelevant in politics since rywingate , thankfuly . 
  all the other parties are post-solidarity , even if they have some communists sprinkled ( pis have them too , btw , in roughly the same proportions as po - they both were one party in nineties after all ) . 
  pis has 35-40 % support . 
  that 's not `` most '' poles . 
  ca n't protest against a policy by governing party without criticizing governing party . 
  normal citizen sees court once in life , if that . 
  and in civil cases there 's always someone who lost and someone who won . 
  the guy that won wo n't mention it , but the guy that lost is going to complain about corrupt courts etc. 
  so , no matter how the system works - you will have ~ 50 % complains . 
  there probably is a lot to fix , but the issue of firing people is completely independent on the system , and ca n't be justified by the arguments pis provided . 
  1 . no statistical data to support their changes . 
  if the cases are too slow - why not collect the data , and fire the judges that have too long average case ? 
  what even is the average ? 
  all they do is complain it 's `` too slow '' . 
  and they did the same with consatutitional tribunal , but after their changes the tribunal works 2.5 times slower than before . 
  good job fixing that ... 2 . if the speed is the problem - change the law to make it faster . 
  if one judge is slow it 's the fault of the judge , but if average is slow - change the law , not the judges . 
  and i do n't mean a new law saying `` judge has to finish case in 3 weeks '' , legislating against reality wo n't work . 
  i mean the law that is too complicated to be decided quickly . 
  3 . the speed of the cases in highest court are n't the problem afaiu , but the speed in the regional courts etc. 
  why mess with highest court ? 
  it only works on complicated cases where other courts are n't sure . 
  are we going to speed up the most complicated cases first ? 
  makes no sense . 
  4 . if they cared about the system , and not grabbing more power - they could simply introduce vacatio legis , so that the next government will get to exercise the new power . 
  most of the accusations about power grab would be solved . 
  but they introduce huge controversial chagne very quickly . 
   judges are holly cows in antoher worlds . 
  judges in highest court only work there for 6 years . 
  politicians have 5 or 4 year terms . 
  holy cows as well ? 
  there are more of them , they have more priviledges ( significantly stronger immunity ) , they get to change the law , ca n't be fired mid term ( judges can ) . 
  but yeah , the highest court is the problem , not the politicians abusing power they got thanks to lucky elections . 
  by opposition he probably meant street protests , not political opposition . 
  oh shut up , poland is one of the countries with the most income equality in the world , better than eu average . 
  there were some problems ( mostly with efficiency of the courts ) , but that 's partly because law is insanely complicated . 
  firing one judge and putting another wo n't fix that . 
  you want caste system look at uk where you have literal nobility and literal workign class that actually means something . 
  for comparison in poland everybody is working class . 
  or at usa where sending kids to university is an achievement , and having a health insurance is a status indicator . 
  caste system my ass . 
  it 's just an excuse to get their people everywhere . 
  they do n't have the numbers , that 's the point . 
  they had 37 % of votes , which translated to a little over 50 % mandates thanks to a quirk of election system ( 5 % threshold to get to parliament , lots of small parties just below it that year ) . 
  law requires 66 % of mandates to change the constitution , and pis did n't attempted that , because they would n't manage unles opposition heavily screw up . 
  so pis just fired ( against constitution , again ) the inconvenient members of the court that checks new law for compliance with constitution , introduced their own people there , and now they can introduce any law they want , because nobody checks . 
   but problem is performing such change would mean political suicide or dictatorship accusations . 
  there 's no need for changeing it in such way , if they really cared about the system and not about keeping the power . 
  simply add `` vacatio legis 5 years '' . 
  but they wo n't because they do n't do it for the system . 
  regarding `` the standards '' - pis is lying about that , details ( with quotes from eu law , if you do n't believe oko.press ) : https://oko.press/krs-dokumentuje-falszerstwa-wladzy-przestancie-klamac-temat-sadow/  do n't judge before you know , the elections will be `` check '' for pis . 
  that 's literally how communists took power after ww2 . 
  there were elections , and it was too late . 
  there is no need to change all that before elections . 
  they can change the law with vacatio legis , let people vote if they like that or not in elections , and then if people did n't - the next government will fix this . 
  instead we risk autocracy under stupid pretense . 
  there 's no rush , and reforming law in rush usually only makes it worse . 
   as a realist everybody thinks he 's realist . 
  so far , there are no proof any elections were rigged . 
  and if anything , why would po rig elections for their coalition partner , and not for themselves ? 
  and why would n't they rig elections they lost ? 
  on the other hand these regional elections were n't done the right way - the voting card was different than usual , with only 1 party per page , and several pages , and psl was at the first page . 
   how that was the part i answered . 
  their supporters do n't even pretend they believe that . 
  they just are supporting them because they dislkie the prvious cronies so much , that they do n't care if system is destroyed , as long as they go . 
  it 's populism heaven , and i 'm frustrated as hell . 
  i will manage , in the worst case i go someplace warm and work remotely . 
  but as a patriot it hurts to see my country undoing all the progress from last 28 years because of irrational crowd psychology . 
  no it was n't . 
  and besides it was lech kaczy\u0144ski who helped design this system in 1989 , and both kaczy\u0144ski were praising it around 2008 . 
  now that it 's inconvenient to share power they suddeny have to break the constitution . 
  give me a break . 
  it 's just ordinary power grab , simple as that . 
  there are no hard data showing that there is a need for reform . 
  no stats , just anegdotical evidence ( `` one judge said sth bad '' ) . 
  well politicians do sth bad all the time . 
  shall we have a referndum to fire all of them and elect a new ones ?
