  stop doing business with russia . 
  at all . 
   this resulted in many of these weapons coming up for sale illicitly . 
  surprisingly when western ukraine protested for months there were no armored cars , no artillery and even no same uniforms among the protesters . 
  even guns were extremally rare . 
  they build wooden catapult and used molotov coctails . 
  i wonder what makes the eastern ukraine so much better supplied with armored cars , anti-tank missiles , etc , than the capital city ? 
  and i wonder how do you explain somebody buying armored car and artillery with fuel , ammunition etc and waiting since nineties maintaining it perfectly and even painting it from time to time to use it now . 
  and that must have repeated a lot , because they have many of these . 
  besides using medium and long-range surface-to-air rockets , or shooting artillery with any precision whatsoever is n't a thing that a regular person can do . 
  you need military training in that particular domain . 
  seriosuly , just admit it 's russian-paid and supplied bandits . 
  with crimea putin finally did admit it , what 's different now ? 
  i meant the weapons they used to seize ukrainian aa installations and to fight with ukrainian army before . 
  you know - all these armored cars , artillery , machine guns , rpgs ? 
  you think they bought it in shop ? 
   so we ca n't even blame this on russia except for sending the separatists to ukraine , and giving them weapons and supplies in the first place you mean ? 
   or some of the separatists were sort of a `` sleeper cells '' that were trained by russian military that 's obvious for anybody with half a brain . 
  you do n't send tanks and artillery to amateurs . 
  you meant ignorance and not stupidity . 
  missiles are designed to be as fast and fast-turning as possible to be able to intercept faster and harder targets . 
  that means the mass must be reduced to minimum . 
  planes are usually lightly armored because the mass reduces their performance . 
  so putting a big warhead on surface-to-air missile is counterproductive - it 's better to put smaller warhead that shoots sharpnels around - it suffices to damage the plane . 
  the best modern sam systems attemp to do away with the warhead completely - they are faster and more precise and are meant to ram into the plane and destroy it just with the kinetic energy . 
  russia has cheap gas and eu politicians are assholes ( and the people who voted them too ) . 
  on the other hand when it was ukrainians killed on their teritory by separatists and ukrainian army fighting separatists it was ok for everybody in eu , and the sanctions were symbolic . 
  so continue to ignore this . 
  he thinks global warming is a conspiracy to get money out of countries . 
  he thinks everything is better privatized , no matter the economies of scale or the humanitarian disadvantages . 
  given his reforms people with `` bad genes '' or other statistical disadvantages would n't be able to get health insurance for example ( because who will force private companies to accept them ? 
  companies would only accept people with good health ) . 
  in fact healthcare system is one of these things that work the best with private-public cooperation , and the reforms of korwin would be decline in quality of life and in efficiency of polish healthcare ( yes , it 's possible - 3rd world countries for example have system very similar to what korwin is proposing and somehow they live shorter than we do ) . 
  he thinks export is irrelevant and only import matters for economy . 
  he thinks only amount of money matter in economy and not the speed with which it is transferred ( dumb , the speed matters much more than the amount of money - that 's why taxes sometimes has positive effect on economy despite taking some of the money from people ) . 
  he 's just hobby-economist without much knowledge about the subject . 
  people without economic education like the fact that his simple solutions are understandable , but they wo n't work . 
   wan na be able to start your own business without getting fucked over by our tax system actually poland has one of the lower taxes on companies , especially on the small ones . 
  of course not as low as tax heavens , but for eu standards it 's low . 
  and if mikke did everything he wanted to in poland you would need to pay more just for private security company and private health insurance than you pay in taxes for everything . 
   there 's more stupid people than smart ones http://imgs.xkcd.com/comics/people_are_stupid.png, 
  to be honest if you count in usd we had small recession in 2009 . 
  but instead of lower salaries and defaulting all over the place our currency just devalued against eur and usd . 
  actually i do n't care about karma . 
  i do it for fun . 
  eu is many things , but it is n't an anti-russian organisation . 
  you 're thinking of nato . 
  russians of course think everything that is n't russia is anti-russian . 
  like paranoics they know for sure that the rain was sent by their enemies to worsen their mood , and the people talking quietly behind the corner were surely speaking about them . 
  having different friends = acting against russia . 
  this is called destructive relationship . 
   `` we should use precision weapons , like israel , to destroy those who fired [ into russia ] , '' bushmin was quoted . 
  http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/bm-21_grad  the system has lower precision than classical artillery and can not be used in situations that call for pinpoint precision . 
  it relies on a large number of shells dissipating over an area for a certain hit rate on specific targets . 
  nonetheless , because of the short warning time for the impact of the whole volley , the bm-21 is still considered a fearsome weapon today . 
  you have to be very naive to think troops in crimea ( and eastern ukraine ) were n't sent by putin . 
  so i think you just pretend to believe that . 
  you have to be very cynic to compare peacekeeping missions with what putin is doing . 
  it 's the exact opposite . 
  but i 'm sure you can rationalize all of that somehow . 
  human mind is great at this . 
  yes , i abuse my right as a human being to say what i think about others actions . 
  on the other hand putin god given right is to send soldiers to kill people in other countries because he do n't like their choices . 
  west is acting stupid and right now russia is doing both ( trading and cooperating , and invasions and civil wars ) . 
  putin is very consistent - always invades countries during biggest sporting events - georgia during summer olympic games , ukrainian crimea during winter ones , the rest of the ukraine during the finals of the world cup ... eu will do nothing , france will still sell russia the ships , half of the eu ( poland included ) will still buy russian gas and oil , germans will still want to have partnership with russia and nato will send harsh words and do nothing more . 
  russians will send weapons and new `` patriots '' to kill people in ukraine and say it was all ukrainians fault anyway . 
  this wo n't be an regular invasion ( because there 's no need for it now ) , but ukraine wo n't be allowed to develop like a normal country . 
  cynism of eu governments makes me sick . 
  in polish dubbing of `` the madagascar '' cartoon king julian ( the lemur or sth like that ) was speaking about `` cz\u0142owieki '' instead of `` ludzie '' to make him sound weird and funny . 
  in polish it 's 1 cz\u0142owiek , 2 and more ludzi . 
  do you also have the same distinction for 3 and bigger numbers like in polish ( one case for non-personal-masculine ) and another for personal-masculine ) ? 
  in polish the numbers change depending on gender and `` personality '' of the noun they count . 
  1 = jedno ( for neutral nouns like apple ) , jeden ( for masculine nouns like car , dog , soldier , boy ) , jedna ( for feminine nouns like river , girl ) 2 = dwa ( for non-personal-masculine nouns like apples , cars , dogs ) , dw\u00f3ch ( for personal-masculine nouns like soldiers , boys , etc ) , dwie ( for feminine nouns like rivers , girls ) 3 = trzy ( for non-personal-masculine and feminine nouns like apples , rivers , cars , dogs , girls ) , trzech ( for personal-masculine nouns like soldiers , boys , etc ) for bigger numbers the only special version is for personal-masculinem like for 3 . 
  so in polish big group of males ( like army for example ) have special grammatical form . 
  these versions also have different version of each verbs , so in polish one word like `` rozmawia\u0142y '' describes both action ( to talk ) , the tense ( past ) , plurality and the object ( group of females ) . 
  for present tense it would be `` rozmawiaj\u0105 '' and for males it would be `` rozmawiali '' . 
  you ca n't form one present tense sentence in polish without telling people which gender you are . 
  ... also the nouns change depending on the numbers - there are 3 versions of each noun depending on the number , and the rules are kinda weird : 1 apple = 1 jab\u0142ko 2,3,4 apples = 2,3,4 jab\u0142ka 5-21 apples = 5-21 jab\u0142ek 22-24 apples = 22-24 jab\u0142ka 25-31 apples = 25-31 jab\u0142ek 32-34 apples = 32-34 jab\u0142ka ... 
  this means almost all foreign programs translated into polish have the numerals wrong in the messages ( `` you have copied x file ( s ) '' would be in polish `` skopiowa\u0142e\u015b x plik ( i ) ( \u00f3w ) '' using the above rules , and for female users it should be `` skopiowa\u0142a\u015b ... '' ) . 
  just do what coservatives alawys do in such case - call the progress decadence . 
  i 'm more concerned about real-life exterme believers phenomenon . 
  you need to specify granularity , otherways every bandit in his dark alley is an indepenent state . 
  in polish ch\u0142odnica is `` cooler '' , and freezer is `` zamra\u017carka '' . 
   this is only my personal opinion , but when georgia started shelling ossetian towns , i feel an international reaction was justified . 
  do you feel the same towards ukrainian army for fighting separatists in slaviansk , donieck etc ? 
  the situation ( and russian actions ) are very similair . 
  georgia is just further from eu , and their president was too quick to react ( ukrainians learnt that and only reacted after media campaign and a long delay , so nobody thought it was their fault - the cost for that was lives ) . 
   you make good on your word , period except when it 's not profitable . 
  like preserving borders of some country that gave up nukes for that . 
  overreacting ? 
  you criticized rfe and i said it was important for many people living in totalitarian countries . 
   propaganda is propaganda is propaganda . 
  nazi publicizing katyn massacre done by soviets was propaganda . 
  it was also truth . 
  russians responding to them that it was germans who did it was also propaganda . 
  but it was false . 
  not all propaganda is equal . 
  if you lived for a few years in a communist poland you could appreciate radio free europe . 
  also you probably would n't equate western and russian propaganda . 
  people like you were called `` usefull idiots '' by communists .
