  additionaly foreigners rarely come to toru\u0144 , and it 's a great medieval city . 
  poles do know about it and most visit it at least a few times in life . 
  woodj . 
  georgia had no such thing , did n't help . 
   just like when people voted for hitler , he was nice , he promised better economy etc and then he went fully nazi he was in prison for violence , he murdered political oponents , he openly stated he want to get rid of jews and undesirables . 
  people agreed with him , or did n't cared , that 's why he could do what he did . 
  the problem with hitler was n't that he was stealthy . 
  same with putin . 
  it 's not hard to see who is the bad guy . 
  it 's just inconvenient to do anything about it , until you are n't forced to . 
  500 tons is nothing on national scale . 
  lublin , poland - for example this http://dom.gratka.pl/tresc/402-16848181-lubelskie-lublin-srodmiescie-centrum.html http://d-gd.ppstatic.pl/kadry/ogl/d6/28/13209-2088862821.jpg center of the city , 6 rooms , 270 m ^ 2 , 760 m ^ 2 garden included, 
  lol . 
  everybody uses debit cards anyway, 
  it 's possible to have 99 % - 1 % economy . 
  just lower class and higher class without the middle . 
  you have to eat all of them every week or you are deported . 
  ros\u00f3\u0142 & schabowy must be for sunday . 
  he would have shown it and repeated his request ? 
  maybe she had not realized she was robbed ? 
  the support is n't the problem . 
  money and time is the problem . 
  realistic timeframe is 20 years . 
  your lack of sense of humour confused me . 
  are you german per chance ? 
  in this case : divide between usa and china . 
  wait 50 years . 
  if not for useless endavours and exploration we would be still trying to keep our countries afloat by beating our slaves to work harder . 
  we should do the thing that worked on germany . 
  in poland the elections after ww2 were faked and there were decade-long armed opposition . 
  i do n't know about other countries . 
  imagine their surprise when soviet secret service interpretation was different . 
  the most popular legend is probably `` devil 's hand '' ( czarcia \u0142apa ) : lublin was the place of the highest court in commonwealth times , once there was a case where poor widow was sued by rich oligarch , judges were so corrupt , that poor widow was unjustly judged , and she cursed the judges `` even devil would give me better decision '' . 
  at night devils ( czarty ) gathered all the sides and witnesses and did he court all over again , giving proper verdict . 
  at the end the main czart put his goat-like hand to the table and left black mark there . 
  the table can be seen at lublin castle . 
  there 's a few more , for example about a corner stone that brings bad luck ( it was supposed to be used as a base for people killed by city executioner , then it was used as a building block in one of the tenament houses , it 's convenient to sit on it by accident ( it 's part of staircase near the old town square ) and it 's supposed to bring very bad luck . 
  worst case scenario is ww3 . 
  just so you have proper context . 
  default scenario ( nobody in eu does anything ) would be russia annexing parts of ukraine and being unpunished . 
  it would be better economicaly for russia ( and slightly better economicaly for eu ) , but much worse politicaly and from security pov . 
  current scenario is slightly better than that . 
  the best scenario would be putin losing power and allowing ukraine and russia to become democratic countries , but that 's going to take some time . 
  yeah look at all these poor countries afraid of poland . 
   if a country is multi-ethnic , with a leading role of one ethnicity , with population not spreaded equally on the whole territory , but living in historical regions , it is surely an empire . 
  every country i know about , is an empire . 
  even poland , 
  it was long civil war between south ossetia supported by russia , and georgia ( supported by usa ) . 
  it was officialy georgian teritory . 
  both sided were shooting each other before and after the war . 
  iwho started the war depends when you start counting . 
  russia of course starts counting just before they intervened . 
   not sure what we were supposed to do with the vast majority of our hardware destroyed on the beaches of dunkirk . 
  dunkirk was in 27th may - 4th june 1940 . 
  poland was attacked in september the 1st 1939 . 
  germans used almost the whole army , and were open to attack from the west for over a month . 
  the treaty signed between poland , gb and france specified , that they were to attack after 2 weeks if poland defends for so long . 
  poland defended for over a month . 
  gb and france were doing `` sitzkrieg '' . 
  germany had half a year to deal with poland and prepare for the next war . 
  dunkirk and the whole ww2 was a consequence of that ( and other errors ) . 
   we 'd already fought total war for poland once . 
  you declared a war for poland . 
  you fought a war for yourself , only started the fighting when you were attacked . 
   it was a mistake to admit poland and the baltics but not russia . 
  it was mostly russian decision . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/nato%e2%80%93russia_relations#suggestions_of_russia_joining_nato  dmitry rogozin , in response to rados\u0142aw sikorski \u2032 s proposal , while not ruling out nato membership at some point in the future , was quoted as saying : `` great powers do n't join coalitions , they create coalitions . 
  russia considers itself a great power . '', 
   the rest of nato has been flying air patrol missions over eastern europe for 11 years a lot of that were polish planes and pilots , though . 
  why ? 
  churchil sold poland to ussr in the end . 
  you realize there are other countries on earth besides poland ? 
  some of them buying most of their food abroad for decades , against your advice . 
  ukraine is top 10 grain exporter , and someone is doing the buying . 
  we could do a kickstarter campaign . 
  backers vote each week who to nuke . 
  how many people older than 40 are there ? 
  they all had mandatory russian lessons in the primary/middle school . 
  old people do exist even if they do n't write on internet much . 
  somehow poland exports a lot of food , mostly unprocessed , and it works . 
  why would n't it work for ukraine if they have better soil and cheaper labor ? 
  or are you afraid polish farmer  ? 
  yes , and only about 60 000 from these 120 000 are regular soldiers . 
  the rest are commanders , technicians , logistic services etc. 
  then there are various military organizations ( nsr mostly ) that train every few months ( 10-20 000 of these ) . 
  and 500 000 + reserves mostly people in late 30s that last trained in 90s . 
  it is that dramatic . 
  in the end you do n't buy stuff for `` gdp percents '' , you buy it for money . 
  russia is in crisis in last few years , its currency felt 1.5-2 times in relation to usd ( depending on the month ) , yet it spends more usd than before , even if you adjust for inflation . 
  it 's not a normal behaviour if you do n't expect to need that army somehow . 
  yes - modernization is needed in russian army , but it is usualy done with decreasing the size of army significantly . 
  that would allow for less spending , and would free badly needed funds for the rest of economy . 
  instead they focus on army , and that 's telling sth . 
  it 's rising in relation to gdp too . 
  you can simply look at military spending : http://blogs-images.forbes.com/markadomanis/files/2015/05/russianrealmilspending.png source : http://www.forbes.com/sites/markadomanis/2015/05/19/russian-military-spending-drawing-blood-from-a-stone/, 
  see threads about french destroying imported food to understand that when sth similar happens in eu - people are outraged too . 
  and be honest - russia is n't banning eu food because of hygiene standards . 
  both sides do n't implement minsk ii . 
  in fact - hours after the agreement was signed - russians took debalceve . 
   the aim is to win a war no .
