  actually `` good friday '' is n't a holiday in poland . 
  you have to work or take a leave . 
  i do it manually . 
  it 's eurostat methodology . 
  gus methodology is always around 2 % higher than eurostat . 
  and yes , it 's quite good . 
  in nineties 20 % unemployment was the norm . 
   did n't want to exterminate and enslave all poles . 
  do you really believe soviets cared about the economic system in poland , and not about controlling poland ? 
  in that case why the kept their army in poland till early nineties ? 
  why they threathened military intervention when poles wanted to switch from communism to more social communism ( solidarity started as a movement fighting for workers ' rights ) ? 
  why had they intervened military ( and forced polish army to help ) in czechoslovakia when they tried to introduce `` socialism with humane face '' ( with no repressions ) ? 
  for soviets it was all about geopolitics and enslavement , ideals and ideologies were just the facade for the naive . 
  right , we 've build the monuments to the occupants , you have n't . 
  build them - and then we will be on equal footing , and can discuss not destroying them . 
  otherways stop copmlaining . 
  they were raping civilians ( polish too ) . 
  they were killing polish soldiers that fought against germans . 
  they stayed in poland till 1992 to secure the soviet occupation . 
  and they were helping germans to invade poland in 1939 in the first place . 
  poland in turn demands that russia build a monument to respect polish army that liberated moscow from russians in 1610 . 
  let 's respect our soldiers on our own land , ok ? 
  short answer - no , it was just a regular king . 
  long answer : we changed constitution in 1791 , and turned from elective monarchy to inheritance-based . 
  then russia invaded and forced poland to cancel the reforms , so technicaly at that point we still had elective monarchy . 
  but then 3rd partition of poland happened and the partitioning countries decided to abolish the state and the crown and other nation-wide titles altogether . 
  then there was napoleon , warsaw duchy , and a lot of other wars and uprisings , but the period you refer to ( congress poland 1815-1830 ) the king was n't elected - by definition each tzar was a king of poland , and the constitution that was theorethicaly binding at the time was a new law , from 1815 https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/constitution_of_the_kingdom_of_poland , not the one from commonwealth . 
  it was ignored by russians anyway , obviously . 
  i can see this , if russia collapses . 
  but i do n't think it 's likely , that eu will survive so long . 
   to add to this , the whole thing completely destroys every possibility of russia liberalising and getting back on the road to eu in the next 25 years ... you know what destorys every possibility of russia liberalising ? 
  their secret services , mafia , oil money , and nukes . 
  why would they stop getting rich and turn democratic if they have the resources and a way to control them ? 
  what good is democratic russia to people that have power there now ? 
  german dream of changing russia through working together was either very naive , or was just an excuse to get rich on their resources too ( i 'm betting it was the former for voters , and the latter for politicians - as exemplified by schroeder 's deals with gazprom ) . 
  it 's from 19th century ? 
  it has some information outdated by a century ( elected king ) . 
  it was certainly epic the last time . 
  usually whent there 's accident a lot of things went wrong , and it could have been stopped at many points . 
  yes , better training could have helped . 
  maybe . 
  people still sometimes make mistakes even with the best training . 
  not using assault rifles could also help ( no reason to leave the gun in a car if it 's a regular pistol and you can carry it all the time ) . 
  some people would say there 's no reason to carry gun to the action at all , most of the time . 
  assault rifles create bigger risk when someone make a mistake than pistols , and i do n't know about lithuania , but in nearby poland there 's really no reason for the police to carry assault rifles to daily police job . 
   that 's very dangerous , all police cars/vans should be always locked when officers are out of them . 
  if someone really want to - it 's always possible to break a window . 
  yes you can increase safety , but you ca n't make it 100 % safe . 
  so , maybe just not use too much force when it 's not nessesary ? 
  you are arguing with them , not with me . 
  i do n't care about nationality . 
  they did , otherways they would n't create policies targetting some nationalities , such as holodomor , or https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/mass_operations_of_the_nkvd https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/deportation_of_koreans_in_the_soviet_union https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/nkvd_order_no._00439 https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/polish_operation_of_the_nkvd_ ( 1937 % e2 % 80 % 9338 )  in order to speed up the process the nkvd personnel reviewed local telephone books and arrested persons with polish-sounding names . 
  in leningrad alone , almost 7,000 citizens were rounded up this way . 
  a vast majority of such nominal `` suspects '' were executed within 10 days of arrest . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/population_transfer_in_the_soviet_union#ethnic_operations  during the 1930s , categorisation of so-called enemies of the people shifted from the usual marxist -- leninist , class-based terms , such as kulak , to ethnic-based ones . 
  [ 8 ] the partial removal of potentially trouble-making ethnic groups was a technique used consistently by joseph stalin during his career ; [ 9 ] between 1935 and 1938 alone , at least nine different nationalities were deported . 
  [ 10 ] germany 's invasion of the soviet union led to a massive escalation in soviet ethnic cleansing . 
  [ 11 ]  looking at the entire period of stalin 's rule , one can list : poles ( 1939 -- 1941 and 1944 -- 1945 ) , romanians ( 1941 and 1944 -- 1953 ) , lithuanians , latvians , estonians ( 1941 and 1945 -- 1949 ) , volga germans ( 1941 -- 1945 ) , ingrian finns ( 1929 -- 1931 and 1935 -- 1939 ) , finnish people in karelia ( 1940 -- 1941 , 1944 ) , crimean tatars , crimean greeks ( 1944 ) and caucasus greeks ( 1949 -- 50 ) , [ 12 ] kalmyks , balkars , karachays , meskhetian turks , karapapaks , far east koreans ( 1937 ) , chechens and ingushs ( 1944 ) . 
  shortly before , during and immediately after world war ii , stalin conducted a series of deportations on a huge scale which profoundly affected the ethnic map of the soviet union . 
  [ 13 ] it is estimated that between 1941 and 1949 nearly 3.3 million were deported to siberia and the central asian republics . 
  and yes , they targetted nationalities even though they came from various nationalities . 
  what can you do ? 
  they just were n't self-consistent . 
   how was it their land ? 
  they paid for it . 
  they invested time and effort to keep it productive . 
  the general will in that region was to keep the land as it is . 
  the collectivization was forced by army and state apparatus . 
  btw during solidarity strikes in poland we had a word for people like you - `` tankies '' or `` useful idiots '' . 
  such people would defend ussr actions as the proper thing to do , even if these actions were sending tanks against workers . 
  they opposed it by not wanting to give up their land for free  crazy i know . 
   you do realize there were ukrainian bolshevicks too , right ? 
  what does it matter which nationality they were ? 
  what matters is their policy , do n't you agree ? 
  hitler was austrian . 
  katherine the great was german . 
  why does it matter ? 
  it 's quite clear people mean the empire they used to do what they did , not their nationality . 
  ukraine was the bread basket of russian empire ( and ussr ) . 
  kulaks there opposed collectivization . 
  when starvation came - ussr elites decided to get their food to the `` nice '' ethnicities and classes , and let the ukrainian kulaks starve . 
  it was n't exact science , so many other people starved too , but ukrainians were hit the most , it was intentional , and it 's what made russian colonization of ukraine much easier . 
  was holocaust `` perpetrated by german nazis '' ? 
  it was n't only germans , and it was n't only nazis , and neither all nazis nor all germans participated . 
  i ignored ukrainian and russian historians . 
   political usage should not override scholarly logic , especially political usage which is just being established in independent ukraine , arguably seven years late . 
  my argument , however , is that both logic and political usage in ukraine point in one direction , that of the terror-famine being genocidal . 
  stalin hated the ukrainians , as accepted as a fact by sakharov , revealed in the telegram to zatonsky and inferred from his polemics with the yugoslav communist semich . 
  stalin decided to collectivize soviet agriculture and under the cover of collectivization teach the ukrainians a bloody lesson . 
  had it not been for stalinist hubris and the incorporation of the more nationalistically minded and less physically decimated western ukrainians after 1939 , the ukrainian nation might have never recovered from the stalinist offensive against the main army of the ukrainian national movement , the peasants . 
  yaroslav bilinsky , `` was the ukrainian famine of 1932-1933 genocide ? , '' journal of genocide research ( 1999 ) , 1 ( 2 ) , 147-156 . source : faminegenocide.com . 
  retrieved 08-12-2013 . 
   there is enough evidence - if not overwhelming evidence - to indicate that stalin and his lieutenants knew that the widespread famine in the ussr in 1932-33 hit ukraine particularly hard , and that they were ready to see millions of ukrainian peasants die as a result . 
  they made no efforts to provide relief ; they prevented the peasants from seeking food themselves in the cities or elsewhere in the ussr ; and they refused to relax restrictions on grain deliveries until it was too late . 
  stalin 's hostility to the ukrainians and their attempts to maintain their form of `` home rule '' as well as his anger that ukrainian peasants resisted collectivization fueled the killer famine . 
  naimark , norman m. stalin 's genocides ( human rights and crimes against humanity ) . 
  princeton university press , 2010 . pp . 
  isbn 0-691-14784-1 there are some scholars arguing the opposite , but mostly they argue whether it was genocide or `` just '' a crime against humanity . 
  russia is the legal successor of ussr . 
  additionaly - ussr used russian patriotism as unifying factor , and treated russians preferentialy .
