  but wroc\u0142aw - putting a dick in your skyline is n't the way to go . 
  https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/f/f5/sky_tower_04.2012.jpg better to build 10 midrises than 1 skyscrapper and nothing else . 
  also - skyscrappers cause traffic jams . 
  why put sth in law if you do n't want to do it ? 
  we do n't like you and that window needed replacing anyway . 
  it also matters what you read . 
  yeah , how dare he try to enforce in practice the law that in theory applies to everybody , but we all know was only meant for big countries . 
  which other eu laws are like that btw ? 
  can you mark them somehow ? 
  like , write them with ''  '' at the end of each sentence . 
  it just does n't feel right , right ? 
  well of course it does . 
  it was in better situation in 89 already , and it got billions from western germany . 
  i was speaking about the trend . 
  ee is developing quickly . 
  it has reasonable unemlpoyment . 
  eastern germany is stagnant , and unemployment is higher than in poland . 
  germans actually drive to szczecin and wroc\u0142aw to work . 
  unimaginable even a decade ago . 
  and it 's only going to get worse if nothing changes . 
  most people do n't want to live on benefits forever , or to migrate . 
  they prefer to improve their region and be self-suficient . 
  being independent makes it much easier . 
  so fire him . 
  why involve court ? 
  why does it matter that he is a teacher ? 
  he published poem on the internet . 
  i do n't . 
  i also do n't consider convicting people for writing poems `` virtue and wisdom '' . 
  yes there are many , but the point that describes eu the best is very close to loose economic union . 
   european union was and is far from being loose . 
  oh please , it ca n't even force its members to pay debts . 
  we voted for the membership on the conditions like they were when we entered . 
  we have the right to leave eu and we will use this right if the conditions change significantly enough . 
  simple as that . 
  500\u00a0000\u00a0000 nonestonians and 1 million of estonians would vote what law should be like in estonia . 
  do you think they will take estonian interests into account ? 
  why ? 
  if eu was a country - eastern europe would be like eastern germany . 
  compare it to estonia or poland to see the difference that independence makes . 
  and it does n't even need bad intentions - germany pumped billions into eastern germany after all . 
  it 's just that eastern germany ca n't compete with western germany without making independent decisions . 
  the countries that fear russia already cooperate . 
  the rest has nothing to lose except some business with c&ee . 
  assuming 10/650 it 's 1.5 % of them . 
  make it 0.15 % ( it was 20 years after all ) . 
  surely if parliament members consider smaller minority of internet users being hurt by porn enough to justify countrywide web porn filter - 0.15 % of parliament members being paedophiles should be enough to justify parliamentwide child filter . 
  since now every contact between parliament member and a child should be monitored . 
  anything less would be hypocrisy , right ? 
  they would have roughly the same influence on eu politics , as city of birmingham has now on british politics  at least as a country you can decide on your laws . 
  you do n't want to be our puppet you ungrateful bitch !, 
  how dare you !, 
  why do n't you love us !, 
  i 'm starting to think you are russian , 
  that 's what i voted for in referendum in 2004 . 
  if the question was `` do you want poland to stop being independent country '' the answer wouldbe 99 % for no !, 
  i guess from the comments here - poland is n't unique in that matter . 
  idealism of schuman etc is nice , but it 's not goign to work , i thought it was obvious for everybody long ago ( that 's why there are no requirements for new members to stop being independent at some point , like there is for adopting euro or changing law to be compatible ) . 
  if you offer a contract , you can hardly blame people for accepting it as it is . 
  you keep them in places that do n't need them - germany , italy , etc. 
  cut to 5 , put 1 in lithuania , latvia , estonia , poland , romania - problem solved . 
  you could also ask for costs-sharing . 
  we do n't need political union for that . 
  in fact i 'm quite happy with eu and usa russian policy . 
  it 's reasonable , if a little too careful . 
  if they continue russia will back off eventually . 
  centralization has lots of disadvantages , see inside your country . 
  do you have places that are abandoned by government because they are less important for elections ? 
  mine certainly has such places . 
  with united eu whole countries would be like that . 
  technicaly they would have the right to vote , but no influence on the politics whatsoever because in every matter they will be a minority . 
  we can speak about partitioned souvereignty , and what should be given to eu . 
  we already gave it something . 
  but there is a lot of fomains where independence is required . 
  at the very last we need the right for a region/country to secede from eu . 
  otherways eventually places with less influences at the beggining will be stuck as shitholes forever ( no investment , big brain drain , decreasing population and political influence ) . 
  they were modern democracies before getting oil . 
  and regarding putin i 'm not so sure . 
  his powerbase is and always was fsb and tamed oligarchs . 
  i do n't think they would appreciate middle class gaining influence and anti-corruption campaign . 
  eu was n't requiring members to stop being independent . 
  it was supposed to be a loose economic union with some other benefits . 
  we understand we will become net contributors at some point and that 's ok . worth it for the single market , shengen zone , etc. 
  but loosing our independence - no way . 
  if there was a requirement that in the future we have to lose political independence - poland would n't have entered , and i guess many other countries too . 
  as for depending on usa for security - we fought for them in afghanistan and in iraq . 
  we would love to depend on eu too , but last time they asked usa was more willing to fight for ee allies than eu . 
  and we try to make invading us not worth anyway by upgrading our army . 
  i do n't see any better realistic policy . 
  i blame oil . 
  if not for oil they would have to start producing sth efficiently , and that requires reforms , people that actually do useful work start to havei nfluences and they have incentives to fight corruption . 
  with oil you can make almost any system work , so they just conservated the system that was in place . 
  ah so \u0417\u0410\u0420\u0410\u0411\u0410\u0422\u042b\u0412\u0410\u0422\u042c = zarabia\u0107 , not zarobi\u0107 , right ? 
  so it 's imperfective meaning it 's `` every month '' by default . 
  english only makes it harder to communicate in such cases  no imperfective verbs , so it should be translated to sth like `` do you believe it is possible to honestly be earning millions of rubles in russia today ? '', 
  what 's the difference between  become a ruble millionaire  earn millions of rubles ? 
  anyway , in poland there 's this saying `` first million you need to steal '' . 
  so i guess the answers would be similar . 
  you who wronged a simple man bursting into laughter at the crime , and kept a pack of fools around you to mix good and evil , to blur the line , though everyone bowed down before you , saying virtue and wisdom lit your way , striking gold medals in your honor , glad to have survived another day , do not feel safe . 
  the poet remembers .
