  it 's insane how 30 % of poles are supporting turning the country into autoritharian shithole just because they do n't like some people . 
  stop introducing changes to law that break constitution and can be used to fake elections . 
  a law that allows pis to change all the highest court judges they do n't like , when it 's the highest court that decides if elections were ok . no problem at all ? 
  court is n't `` at power '' at the moment . 
  court is bound by law , which can be changed by parliament 2 . separation of powers is n't assuming one power is better than the other , it just assumes they are not dependent on each other to prevent absolute power 3 . historicaly absolute power was always eventually seized by total assholes . 
  even if you do n't believe kaczy\u0144ski is one - there will be one in future , and kaczy\u0144ski is preparing ground for him . 
  the difference is , when politicians do n't have any way to remove them from the office ( as guaranteed in constitution ) - judges do n't have incentive to remain cronies . 
  that 's why government breaking constitution and removing them mid-term is dangerous . 
  separation of powers is there so that one flawed power stop other flawed power from abusing their power too much . 
  it does n't require perfect people , just flawed people that are independent of each other . 
  do n't repeat lies , please . 
  see polish science academy ( pan ) scientists ' responses to most often asked questions about the case ( in polish ) : https://www.wykop.pl/link/3806329/odpowiedzi-naukowcow-pan-na-30-pytan-o-wycinke-w-otulinie-puszczy-bialowieskiej/ in the comments there are links to many related scientific publications - from sweden , germany , poland , finland . 
  all from before the current debate , so accusations of political motivation are besides the point . 
  tl ; dr : szyszko is just lying , scientific consensus is - logging is not going to help ( it 's not an industrial forest , ca n't easily cut down 80 % of threathened trees , cutting less wo n't stop the spread of the beetle ) , and bark beetle is n't that much of a threat there anyway ( because it 's not a monoculture , and the beetle is present there all the time ) . 
  good . 
  the fact that romans thought something is true does n't mean it 's true . 
  lichtenstein has no army yet it participated in no wars for centuries . 
  no matter if you like or dislike military , if you can ensure no war in let 's say 2 decades - it 's better to cut down your army size , and focus on research and economy , so that your future army will be bigger and better , than if you wasted that money on defending against nothing . 
  if you played strategy games you 'd understand that better - there 's an inherent tradeoff between your army now and your army in future . 
  basically the player that has the smallest sufficient army when it 's not needed - can afford bigger and better army when it 's needed , and win . 
  the problem is , of course , to predict when it 's needed correctly . 
  being in the middle of eu and nato helps with that . 
  skipping one generation is wise if there was no war in the meantime . 
  saves lots of money . 
  still , you lithuanians are weird . 
  you gave him the ability to make shitstorms . 
  why the whole `` ban polish ads '' , `` ban non-lithuanian letters on documents '' , `` ban polish language on signs '' ? 
  it 's not like we want to do hybrid war on you . 
  it makes no sense and enables people like him . 
  this is pseud-polish politician in lithuania supporting russian invasion of ukraine , if i understand correctly ? 
  yeah , seems legit polish politician , 
  well , complain to stalin . 
  it 's used as that in colloquial polish . 
  same as holand instead of netherlands , and russia instead of ussr . 
  why would i count parties that are n't in government on the government side ? 
   hovewer they shut up when you point them out that they have only about 12 % counted with the same method  that 's wrong , they have more than pis if you put them together , even counting the nonvoters . 
  poles did n't voted 37 % for pis to have them break the constitution and prepare autocracy for when the money for social spending ends . 
  s\u0105d najwy\u017cszy decides if elections were performed correctly . 
  this law will allow pis to immediately fire all members of s\u0105d najwy\u017cszy and choose new ones . 
  how far can they go before people understand it 's not ok ? 
  outright say `` in next elections only 1 party is allowed ? '' . 
  oh , btw , the law also allows s\u0105d najwy\u017cszy to remove immunity from politicians . 
  do n't like opposition leader ? 
  just put him in jail . 
  simple as that . 
  but all is well , so people do n't care . 
  and when they will notice it will be too late . 
  because then you can develop software on that keyboard . 
  in poland we had `` programmers ' layout '' , that is qwerty and has polish letters made with alt + respective latin letter , and `` machinetypists ' layout '' , that is qwertz and has some polish letters switched for [ , ] , etc , and some are still under alt + random letter ( cause not enough keys ) . 
  now nobody uses `` machinetypists ' layout '' , despite it being the only one used widely before personal computers become popular . 
  btw the existence of machinetypist layout probably costed millions of z\u0142oty in wasted it support time . 
  `` hi , my password does n't work '' , `` do you have z or y in it ? '', 
  `` yes , why '' , `` switch keyboard layout back to programmers ' '' `` how do you do it ? '', 
  microsoft enabled both by default and switching them has a shortcut that you can easily press accidentaly . 
  iirc in windows 95 machinetypists ' was even the default one in installator . 
  also qwertz vs qwerty would make sense if qwerty was developed with the ergonomics in mind in the first place , but it was n't , it was specifically designed to make typing slower , so that typing machines wo n't stuck . 
  so , putting z in place of y makes it less ergonomic for languages that use z more often ( which polish also do , btw ) . 
  first guy ( correctly ) wrote that some poles post hate comments about other nations motivating it by ( often wrong ) view of history . 
  the next guy stated it 's wounds passed by grandparents . 
  i told him to tell his grandparents to grow up in that case , because hate towards nations for past crimes makes no sense . 
  and you tell that this has nothing to do with hate . 
  if it was given as a reason for hate , then it has something to do with hate . 
  polish `` cursed soldiers '' who fought against communism after ww2 are celebrated in poland , despite some of them also collaborating with nazis ( see brygada \u015awi\u0119tokrzyska ) , and some of them murdering civilians ( see revange mass murders in ukraine and eastern poland , and also some pogroms on jews during and after ww2 by nsz and bch ) . 
  the only difference is scale - upa was killing hundreds of tousands , polish cursed soldiers - just hundreds . 
  but it 's equally revolting to hear them praised in public media novadays without mentioning their black history . 
      i hate russians     i hate french     i hate uk     i hate germans    those are the wounds still passed on by grandparents   grow up  what are you talking about ? 
  how is this about hate ? 
  try to read what you comment on . 
   those are the wounds still passed on by grandparents lol . 
  tell your grandparents to grow up . 
  it 's been 70 years . 
  might as well hate poles because of 1920 betrayal or lisowczycy murders . 
  poles abroad mostly voted more conservative than poles in poland . 
   throw in the fact that a leftist pole , hungarian , etc. 
  is probably an internationalist no statistic , but looking at the people i know that 's false . 
  both leftist and rightist poles are patriotic and do n't want to go elsewhere . 
  that 's why the nation is so divided , and why there 's the demonstrations etc. 
  they remember what pis did last time , and what communism really looked like ( not how pis portraits it ) . 
  there 's actually quite a lot of similarities between pis and communism in poland . 
  they use very similar rhetoric and propaganda , and have similar economic views ( especially morawiecki ) . 
  people 18-24 think communists in poland were left-wing liberals  therefore `` leftist '' and liberal michnik and soros ( who fought communism ) are bad ( it does n't help that they are jewish ) , but piotrowicz ( who helped communists during martial law , and now is in pis ) is good , because he fights `` leftists '' . 
  people older than 30 remember that communists were playing the anti-german , anti-jewish , and nationalist sentiment to keep the population under control , and that there was literally nothing liberal about them . 
  and it 's hard not to notice the propaganda in national media , if you experienced it before . 
  he was very controversial after may coup . 
  it 's pronounced kotzk, 
  fuck you . 
  france religious war killed around 3 000 000 of people in 16th century . 
  then they invented revolution and killed some more . 
  you should be proud of such achievements , then you can repeat them . 
   the government used widespread intimidation and electoral fraud to secure a large `` yes '' vote . 
  this included stationing brownshirts at polling stations and forcing clubs and societies to march to polling stations escorted by nazi storm troopers and then vote in public . 
  in some places polling booths were removed or banners reading `` only traitors enter here '' hung over the entrances to discourage secret voting . 
  in addition , many ballot papers were pre-marked with `` yes '' votes , spoiled ballot papers were frequently counted as having been `` yes '' votes , and many `` no '' votes were recorded to have been in favour of the referendum question . 
  the extent of this forgery meant that in some areas the number of votes recorded to have been cast was greater than the number of people able to vote . 
  hitler is gray area . 
  maybe he would have won without faking elections , but it 's hard to say . 
  actually he was appointed by hindenburg . 
  he was second in the elections with around 36 % . 
  ii do n't think there 's much difference in practice . 
  you can easily have parliamentary system dominated by one guy from the back seat ( see poland or hungary for modern examples ) .
