  no excuses . 
  that 's a lot to answer for , and how he is still a hero and people attempt to be like him ( see kaczy\u0144ski ) boggles my mind . 
  the only thing that changed are the proportions of people supporting both options . 
  and not by much . 
  there 's the audio recording of police communication during the action : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=k1f7n4qocsm how is it propaganda ? 
  even police admited and tried the excuse `` it 's to protect their security '' . 
  http://wiadomosci.gazeta.pl/wiadomosci/7,114883,22155853,policja-sledzila-petru-i-dzialaczy-obywateli-rp-teraz-tlumaczy.html#mt  its propaganda [ ... ] fake news to the contrary - what you 're doing is spreading government propaganda and supporting police-state that pis is building . 
  no remorse ? 
  polish government , not poland . 
  most poles were against the reforms . 
  romania ? 
  he was also a socialist and terrorist before ww1 . 
  he even robbed trains  but it 's ok i guess because then poland was under occupation . 
  pi\u0142sudski got poland independence ( not by himself , but let 's assume ) . 
  then he fucked up in 1920 , and got barely saved by tadeusz rozwadowski plan , which he later pretended was his own . 
  then he made coup in 1926 , removing legal government , and leading soldiers to warsaw , which costed hundreds of people lives . 
  then he created an internment camp in bereza kartuska for opposition and political prisoners , and ( among others ) kept there the same tadeusz rozwadowski ( who lead the defenders of legal government , and was promised pardon for him and his soldiers before capitulation ) . 
  fun fact - everybody agreed defenders were legally right , and were bound by officers ' honour to defend the legal order , and they fought against over 2 times their numbers . 
  recognizing that pi\u0142sudski promised not to punish them . 
  then after they capitulated - he put the leaders in the camp . 
  then he put all of his friends from ww1 paramilitary legiony into government and army , despite most of them having no skills whatsoever . 
  little known fact - famous `` kariera nikodema dyzmy '' was a book about sanacja government . 
  most people assume it must be about communists , or modern times , but it 's actually from interwar period . 
  the sad thing about poland is - it 's still as sharp a satire as ever , even 90 years later . 
  then pi\u0142sudski slowed down upgrading polish army , instead focusing on the numbers ( poland had almost 1 000 000 soldiers in 1939 ) because he thought horses and infantry is still the main thing ( his elan vitale doctrine ) . 
  then he died , leaving disorganized sanacja authorithary government with people who had no idea what they are doing . 
  then poland was conquered in 4 weeks , 3 of which we only fought against germany and slovakia , and more than half of the leaders of polish army escaped in first few days , and most of the other ones were giving contradictory orders , and leading soldiers to sure death , because they had no experience other than paramilitary . 
  more here ( in polish ) https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=r63ew1pjry0 meanwhile polish military leaders who had experience and won in ww1 and 1920 were still in prison because they were opposing sanacja , or becuase they had history of learning and working in armies of polish occupiers before and during ww1 . 
  yeah we need pi\u0142sudski asap ... 
  do show the statistics . 
  no i want the worst to be the judges . 
  seriously ... you ca n't know in advance , at least not always . 
  that 's why you have disciplinary court . 
  the punishment for stealing or drunk-driving is removing from the trade . 
  saying judges are `` mafia '' because a few out of 10 000 have stolen something is stupid . 
  especially , that as far as i know the probability is lower than in general population . 
  or at least it is if you 've shown every case there is . 
  i would n't know , because you do n't use stats , but anegdotes . 
  so the amount of thieves among judges might as well be 0.01 % , and 50 % . 
  you thought they are saints ? 
  the point of disciplinary cases in supreme court is to punish such cases , and if you think it does n't work - show me statistics to prove it . 
   https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/pmc3225132/ kleptomania is estimated to 0.6 % of population . 
  there 's 10 000 judges in poland . 
  that would make around 60 judges with kleptomania . 
  how many were there these theft cases again ? 
  btw the cherrypicking by pis media is so funny . 
  now we attack judges so everything paitning them in bad light goes live . 
  stolen a kie\u0142basa - show that in the national news . 
  i wonder how many non-judges have stolen a kie\u0142basa recently , and what trade will pis go after judges . 
  media , most probably . 
  be ready for wiadomo\u015bci showing you all the sins of all journalists in poland ever  also - there are dysciplinary proceedings agaisnt judges in 2015 . 
  do read them before sayign they are never punished . 
  gowin is ( as usual ) lying . 
  http://ec.europa.eu/newsroom/document.cfm?doc_id=43918 poland is 4th best in administrative cases in eu , and 13th best in all cases . 
  stop spreading information you have no other sources for than some policitian with conflict of interests . 
  especially if it 's gowin  btw there was a `` contradictory ruling '' reform by po that pis just canceled last year - it was supposed to make the cases faster by forcing persecutors and defenders to prepare the case , and judges to just hear it during the proceedings , like in usa or uk . 
  that would make judges much smaller a bottleneck , and allow us to have faster cases with same amount of judges , or less judges . 
  pis canceled that because reasons . 
  also there 's no reason to think giving ziobro power over them would make it faster or more fair ( see the persecution , which is slower under ziobro than it was , or the cases where he cancelled the investigation for political reasons - bierecki theft from skok for just one example ) . 
  all in all , it 's just a witch-hunt , looking for excuses to take over judical power . 
  no arguments other than lies and cherrypicking some individual stories whatsoever . 
  it has been reformed at least 3 times since 1989 . 
  including by jaros\u0142aw and lech kaczy\u0144ski when they were in aws . 
  and it 's not actually shit . 
  it 's pretty average in eu . 
  i would if i could . 
  the one which allows ziobro to fire judges in regional courts with no reason given . 
  nobody forced pis to fuck with division of power . 
  even their experts said it 's unconstutitional , and even duda vetoed some of the changes . 
   almost very often , 
   well i 've got ta say that no person that was in pzpr should be allowed to be a polititian . 
  and that 's the second point . 
  rzepli\u0144ski is not and were never a politician   that said , bolek is indeed in opposition . 
  how ? 
  he is n't in any opposition party . 
   not a random 6 second cut be so kind and link to a specific time , i 'm not going to listen to kaczy\u0144ski blather for 11 minutes . 
   who the fuck was screaming the second part , though ? 
  because it was n't kaczynski . 
   that said , he was also not directly saying anything yes , that 's the funny part isnt ' it . 
  he calls people protesting pis thieves and communists , but let 's other finish his words . 
  never does anything criminal in person , has people for that  same as for everything else . 
  he 's just a regular mp . 
  never signed any unconstutitional law either - duda and szyd\u0142o and other pis mps did . 
  he 's clever like that . 
  but - his party does all of this for him . 
  repeatedly . 
  so i was n't , in the end , lying - pis is calling people protesting , opposition , and their supporters - communists and thieves . 
  do see the tweet from zieli\u0144ski . 
   well , according to evidence and everyone but the opposition , walesa was an agent well , he 's not in opposition . 
  he 's just a retired old man . 
   he was indeed in pzpr . 
  that 's the deal . 
  pzpr ! = agent . 
  sb , ub , wsw or secret informator of these = agent , which he was not . 
  additionally , around 10-15 % of adult poles just before martial law were in pzpr . 
  and rzepli\u0144ski was thrown out of pzpr for participation in solidarity in 1981 . 
   where and who is calling 30-40 % of poles thieves and communists ? 
  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qluw6ifpxpo https://twitter.com/zielinskijaro/status/888147882989277184, 
   i 'm not in your society . 
  why would it matter ?
