  '' , but the accepted answer can be good or bad unlike everyone being `` fine '' in english . 
  for example common answer is a little ironic `` stara bieda '' = `` same old misfortune '' . 
  fun fact - `` cze\u015b\u0107 '' literally means `` praise [ be to you ] '' , but nobody thinks of it that way . 
  regarding shaking hands i was taught women decides if she shake hands with man - so if she holds her hand man of course have to shake it , if not - man should n't start first . 
  but yeah , it 's rare , mostly women just say cze\u015b\u0107 or hug and kiss on the cheeks . 
  very old-timey people would kiss a women hand when she holds it , but it 's very rare ( and usually the way women holds her hand indicates clearly if she wants it or not ) . 
  and below . 
  yup . 
  and the city is on a hill . 
  you can have a rose jam filling in your sweet doughnut . 
  or you can have a hole instead . 
  choose wisely , 
  almost every indo-european language has this . 
  it 's useful : english : `` put the book on the table and burn it . '', 
  you do n't know if it refers to book or table . 
  polish ( literally translated ) : `` put the book ( female ) on the table ( male ) and burn her . '', 
  and you know `` her '' refers to the book . 
  depends on the school and class . 
  i 've seen mostly spanish , french , russian , there are also less popular languages in some schools . 
  my sister was in bio-chem class in middle school and she had latin for example . 
  btw russian is quite useful , actually . 
  you should know the language of your enemy , as my grandpa says , 
  basically if you know german you understand nouns and if you know polish you understand verbs and who is subject and object of the sentence , 
  blue collar in usa vs white collar in it or sth like that in poland - sure . 
  and it 's much easier to get m.a. 
  in poland . 
  dunno , i 'm from eastern poland , here we had families in canada and usa , not germany , 
  oh please , that 's cheating . 
  i might as well say i speak silesian . 
  my grandpa told me to learn german and russian , because you have to speak the enemy 's language . 
  i had 4 years of german in middle school . 
  we never got to the future tense  all i remember is der die das den der dem etc. 
  and a few basic words . 
  it was a huge waste of time , because nobody thougth german would ever be useful , it was all about english . 
  and yeah , the books were full of 1st world problems , it was funny to read about work-life balance , einvironment issues or evil company-owners when everybody in poland was scared of 20 % unemployement and would happily change poland into libertarian heaven . 
  no , you 're stealing business opportunities from brits now , 
  `` my kingdom is not of this world '' . 
  and yet some people in poland want to make him officialy a king of poland , 
  because jesus was all about power , 
   unknown in any other system, 
  that 's why it 's a counterexample - it shows other systems have this problem as well , 
   you do n't consider ussr as a socialist country , do you ? 
  i consider communism in practice ( as opposed to utopian communism that ca n't be done anyway ) to be a totalitarian version of socialism . 
  why do you ask ? 
  smuggling food was just one of many absurds of communism , that 's where that proverb was invented ( by stefan kisielewski iirc ) . 
   smuggling stuff from hungary well , smuggling cigarettes or alcohol i get , but food ... 
  if smuggling food to your country is worth the risk , you 're doing sth wrong . 
  it 's said that `` socialism is a system that heroicly fights problems , unknown in any other system '' . 
  i think whatever the russian system is called nowadays is a counterexample to that , 
  i just checked and you have `` cel\u00fd '' . 
  gibberish ? 
  you do n't have `` ca\u0142y '' = `` whole '' ? 
  there was a followup joke : `` but there are poles in western europe now ? '', 
  `` yeah but they are all removable '', 
  somehow calculus is called `` analiza matematyczna '', 
   my point is , understanding integrals that way will get you through school . 
  depends on the school i guess . 
  in my it would n't , because the details change the results . 
  yeah , now solve zeno 's paradox using your definition of integral . 
   ow i 'm not sure why the word would be different in polish , it 's a slavic language so it would make sense to me that it would be similar with other slavic languages . 
  integrals were invented long after slavic languages diverged , so each of them had to choose - to adopt foreign word , use existing one , or invent new . 
  poland have chosen to invent new words in this case . 
  could have just not invaded in 17th september 1939 , 
  how do you know it 's done by germans ? 
  i mean it 's quite probable , but it might as well be : - polish army in september 1939 - jewish guerilla fighters in 1943 , - polish guerilla fighters in 1944 , - soviets during `` liberation '' - even maybe allied bomber or fighter planes during raids to help uprising, 
  they were doing it to sell poland to leftist germans . 
  we 're doing it to save poland from leftist germans . 
  also muslims are out to rape your daughter . 
  see - easy . 
   if russia attacks it will be by subterfuge , cyberattacks , saboteurs , `` tourists '' attacking officials , officers and their families to wreak havoc , lilttle green men taking over important points etc. 
  there are effectively no russians in poland . 
  eastern polish border is the external border of eu , a most stricly guarded border of european union , the exact opposite of ukrainian-russian border . 
  nobody in poland likes russian enough to support them . 
  green men wo n't work . 
   russians are not stupid , they 'll not give reasons for nato to intervene . 
  nato is n't stupid , if there 's any excuse not to start a war with a nuclear power - they 'll take it . 
  especially , if it 's to defend isolated politically poland , possibly a poland that is out of eu ... poland ca n't only rely on usa for its security - we at least need german airforce to even defend for a week . 
   in poland 's case investing efending own territoriy is a valid choice . 
  obviously , the whole point of polish army is to defend against ( mostly ) russia . 
  the problem is - tertitorial defense is n't well suited for that . 
  if russia attacks it will most probably be a surprise missile attack from kaliningrad - which we have no way to defend against , because no missile defence . 
  here goes our aa , communication , and a few key powerplants probably . 
  then , if the west helps - we may still keep air superiority , and fight on the ground against small land forces from kaliningrad , waiting for forces arriving through belarus . 
  in none of these - territorial defence is going to help . 
  not against tanks , not against missiles , not against planes . 
  of course , territorial defence is useful for doing guerilla operations . 
  but it 's insane to design your army to lose the war and then defend . 
  there were already nsr ( national reserve forces ) , which work more or less like national guard in usa . 
  that 's their goal . 
  they have 20-30 % of hardcore voters , and want everybody else to go `` fuck it '' , and do n't participate in politics . 
   patriarchy lol , patriarchy hides everywhere , even in autocorrect , 
  you know it perfectly well it was antisemitic . 
  go read some of the shit that 's written on the bus stops and walls near legia stadium about jews . 
  macierewicz has reputation of crazy radical , pis promised before elections that he wo n't be in the government to bait less radical voters , but because of his good relations with rydzyk religious media empire - kaczy\u0144ski still gave him the ministry of defence . 
  fun fact - kaczy\u0144ski called rydzyk and his friends `` targowica-like pattern of betrayal '' in 1998 , indicating his close relations with russa , anti-eu and ant-western propaganda , and even the fact that rydzyk somehow rented radio tower on ural mountains in russia . 
  but since then kaczy\u0144ski became ally of rydzyk and now both use same anti-eu propaganda . 
   this is exploitation . 
  that still improves situation for both sides . 
  that 's the definition of capitalism btw , 
  they think polan will be the one partitioning this time .
