   i have a lot of knowledge about both powers in that struggle does n't seem like that . 
  what po did with ofe was bad ( backing off on one of the important reforms ) , but it was not a theft - just an accounting trick . 
   people who are known agents in opposition names , please . 
  i 'm not saying you 're wrong , but i 've seen so many pathetic lists with rzepli\u0144ski , nowak or people from wsi ( created 1991 ) , that i 'm kinda expecting you do n't actually know shit . 
  btw : pis has agents too . 
   are you suggesting that the division in your society is between people who are not delusional and gloryfing communists and the ones who do that ? 
  i 'm saying people throwing insults at 30-40 % of poles are the problem . 
   to me the above is an example of running in circles . 
  well , yeah , but that only indicates reforming in poland is too easy , not too hard as you were suggesting . 
  in last 28 years we introduced huge administrative reforms , decentralizing government and creating local self-governance . 
  one of the most succesful reforms , widely underapreciated . 
  we changed university education from elitist to common ( a few percent had m.a when communism ended , now it 's almost everybody ) . 
  we changed low level education from 8 years primary to 6 years primary and 3 years secondary , back again . 
  climbing in external pisa tests in the meantime . 
  we introduced private retirement funds in one of the most ambitious and modern systems in europe . 
  and then canceled it because of economic crisis ( po i 'm still bitter about that ) . 
  we introduced competive public healthcare ( and reverted that - thanks sld you stupid assholes ) . 
  we separated ( and joined again - thanks pis ) persecutor 's office from politicians . 
  we used 2 different electoral systems in the meantime , and recently adopted another one for the senate elections . 
  we modified judiciary system a few times ( in 1989 , early 00s , and around 2010 again ) in many ways - including removing communist judges , freeing chairmen of courts from political influence , creating a few institutions to watch over constitution and separation of powers ( krs , tk , sn ) , and removing and then recreating lowest level of regional courts . 
  i know nobody complaining that there 's too few laws created by legislation , but a lot of people complainng there 's too much , and the law quality is often shit . 
  so - how is executive branch preventing reforms , if we reformed so much so quickly ? 
  yes , thanks , there you go . 
  `` driving our society apart and creating conflict . 
  exhibit a. '', 
  po is also center-right , and is not consolidated into pis . 
  therefore not `` all '' . 
  well , usa has presidential system , poland has parliament system , not a fair comparison . 
  but yes , i do n't think it 's nessesary to remove veto from president . 
  but why ? 
  what problems does it solve ? 
  especially now that president and pm are almost always going to be choosen from the same party because elections are close to each other ? 
  i 'm not opposed in principle , i just do n't see a point , when there 's so much stuff to fix after pis . 
  what drives our society apart and creates conflict is mainstream parties calling opposition and their supporters `` thieves , communists , murderers , traitors '' . 
  duda manouver significantly calmed down the situation . 
  it was pis who created tensions , and they did it on purpose , because their hardcore voters are more determined than opposition hardcore voters , so discouraging people from politics works in their favour . 
  it kinda works in favour of polish democracy right now . 
   why ? 
  because he says stupid shit with no factchecking like it 's an obvious truth, 
   part of the reason why pis managed to win elections was that they consolidated all center-right movements . 
  i agreed with this , before i 've seen how `` new media '' work . 
  like `` wsieci '' , max kolonko , etc. 
  it 's all the propaganda of old media , but none of the responsibility and journalist professionalism . 
  they are basically just a twitter feed with some fancy formatting . 
  his party used him as a puppet , and forced him to sign many unconstutitional laws ( constutitional trubinal one , and national council of radio and television one for example , but also the one about freedom to assembly , and selling farming land ) . 
  and they did n't even pretended to ask his opinion with this new law , when it was removing many competences from president to ministry of justice/main persecutor ( thanks to pis it 's the same person now - ziobro , and he would also get to choose judges - just think about it , same guy is the boss of all judges and persecutors ) . 
  ziobro even said publicly `` duda threaths of veto are just fairytales , do n't worry '' . 
  so yeah , pis wanted to have a president with no competencies , just signing everything , and they thought they got one . 
  now it 's completely new situation . 
  i still do n't trust duda , but he may become one of the better presidents , if he helps deal with pis , and with fixing all the havoc they wreck on our constutitional system . 
  https://www.wykop.pl/cdn/c3201142/comment_glrjzjzmuvx0khe7q7fqqkba8dpxy6gm,w400.jpg there you go , 
  government wanted to control courts . 
  how does that fix corruption , 
  bills allowing pis to change judges in constutitional tribunal ( the court that checks new laws if they do n't break constitution ) . 
  bills that allow pis to replace people in national council of radio and television ( krrit ) that keeps public media neutral . 
  still unexpected , people gathered before , he signed many very controvrsial laws , including very similar takeover of constutitional tribunal . 
   commie as an insult . 
  in poland it kinda is . 
  for a good reason . 
  average age of judges in poland is 38 years . 
  communism fell in 1989 . 
  can you substract ? 
  all judges in supreme court would be chosen by the government ( ministry of justice - ziobro , to be exact ) . 
  the court is the last resort appeal court , and decides on the validity of elections , among other things , so in theory pis could fake the elections if they lost support , and have their people there decide it 's ok . or any future government could do that . 
  also it was against the constitution , which specificaly says executive power ca n't choose the judges , and that judges of supreme court are unremoveable without court verdict . 
  also it was badly prepared law , which was self-contradictiong ( in one part of the law they said ministry of justice chooses 3 candidates , in the other - 5 ) . 
  also they voted on different version in sejm , and in senate , which makes it formally invalid . 
  it 's one huge show of incompetence and arrogance . 
  like most of what pis does . 
  there was also similar reform of so-far-selfgoverning krs - another judical institution , that checks people that want to become judges , dispiplines judges that did sth wrong , chooses judges to become chairman of other institutions , and can send new law to constutitional tribunal to be checked against constitution . 
  in short - both supreme court and krs are preventing direct influence of politicians on courts . 
  we have had bad experience with stalinist and martial law courts where people were sentenced to death or jail , tortured , etc , and i think it 's a good thing we have these checks in place . 
  and polska, 
  i do n't think kaczy\u0144ski is going to make that particular mistake twice . 
  the last time it costed him 8 years in opposition  one can dream , though . 
  the reform allowed ministry of justice to replace all judges of supreme court , which is the court of last resort , and also decides if the elections were fair . 
  it is a violation of constitution , which literally says `` judges can not be removed '' , and in general says they ca n't be influenced by executive power , to keep their independence and separation of powers . 
  some people argued some other countries ( like sweden iiuc ) do n't have formal separation of powers on this level , but our system depends on independent judges for far too many things to just change it like that , and also why would we want to change that to worse system ? 
   how do you go from politicians making laws to catholicism being responsible by priests openly supporting one party over the others before elections during religious ceremonies all over the country ? 
  by church in poland tolerating `` catholic '' radio and tv that is supporting pis with awful propaganda , calling the opposition `` jews and masons '' , and complaining that the pope is not a good catholic because he supports taking refuges ? 
  by bishops calling for opposition to stop protests during christmas , because that 's like protesting against christmas ? 
  apparently no problems with voting on unconstutitional laws during christmas . 
  all in all , my grandma , which is rather reasonable person , if a little too much catholic for her own good , says `` but pis ca n't be that bad , because church supports them '' . 
  and she 's not the only one . 
  that 's why . 
  they will , but they already painted themselves in a corner , by repeating for a week in national media that people protesting the changes are postcommunists and traitors  kinda hard to play reasonable and nice now . 
  i do n't think pis will come ahead on that whole debacle . 
  his wife happens to come from polish-jewish family . 
  hardcore pis supporters seem to have only realized this now , because they are all talking about it , 
  something in between , but closer to ceremonial . 
  his main tool is veto , which has to be repelled with 60 % majority , and pis does n't have that . 
  geographical difference notwithstanding , both of these parties were mostly working together , and sld was `` the enemy '' . 
  they even were 1 party later , in aws . 
  he will sign 1 out of 3 judicial reforms - the one that allows ministry of justice ziobro right to replace chairmen of all local and regional courts . 
  it 's still bad , but at least the supreme court is saved ( for now ) . 
  66 % votes with 50 % of mps present in sejm , and 50 % +1 with 50 % of mps in senate . 
  if it changes especially important parts ( chapter 1 , 2 , 12 ) - 20 % of mps in sejm , 50 % in senate , and president all separately have the right to demand a referendum , and then that referendum requires regular majority . 
  also there are time limits - so it ca n't be done too quickly . 
  in practice - opposition has enough votes to demand referendum , and pis will struggle to find 66 % of votes to change it in the first place . 
  people do n't know .
