  additionaly jaruzelski did several things that show his true colors ( for example ordering polish military to shot down a plane that escaped to west through czechoslovakia ) . 
  he had no excuse but he did it anyway - because he did anything to keep power . 
  please , stop trying to whitewash communist murderers , it wo n't work . 
  this is what happens when politic interests are not limited by personal liberties , rule of law , separation of powers , independent press , ngos , and all that evil leftist liberal crap young right-wing europeans despise so much . 
  add to that the fact that most important russian institutions are governed by successors of people from kgb , nkvd , cheka . 
  people that oversought hlodomor , national operations of nkvd , or katy\u0144 hired people that hired people that rule russia now . 
  it 's regional . 
  when a group of people seem hypocritical , it 's usually because the people doing x and complaing about x are not the same people . 
  and yes , it 's sad what happens with my country : /, 
  beware of false-friends . 
  words like `` racism '' have different meanings in different languages . 
  `` rasizm '' in polish for example does n't include ethnicity by default ( yet some people start using it that way ) . 
  when you use english , maybe it 's better to stick to the english meanings of words ? 
  i am , most probably . 
  but i was right-wing for most of my life ( i must admit in shame that i voted korwin-mikke several times ) , and even then i 've never encountered left-wing hate-speech , but i did right-wing hate-speech . 
  there 's just very few leftist in poland tbh . 
  the trick to persuade nationalist to do what you want him to do ( like - vote for pis in last elections ) - is to persuade him that some foreign forces are conspiring against his country . 
  pis did that by using immigration crisis . 
  they funded media ( like wpolityce , wsieci , do rzeczy ) that constantly warned of muslim terrorists , and blamed them on `` leftist '' conspiracy by soros , germany , eu , and polish party po that was ruling at the time . 
  pis won elections ( not only because of that , but it helped ) , and now nationalists are persuaded that muslims from all over the world will come to poland , rape our women and bomb everything if not for our `` political incorrectness '' which according to some of them just means you can be racist , and according to others means you have to beat up foreigners . 
  nationalists already liked beating up foreigners for whatever excuse , so it was n't hard to persuade them ... 
  since 2015 there 's constant anti-immigration propaganda in media . 
  they are repeating that refuges want to come to poland to rape our women and sow terror . 
  not in these words , but that 's the general idea . 
  if you take this seriously - anyone who does n't look polish is suspicious . 
  self-identifying nationalists ( like onr ) are especially receptive to such propaganda . 
  call it nationalism , stupidity , racism , xenophoby , i do n't care about the label . 
  i just do n't want my country to be like that . 
  i do n't say we should ban them . 
  i use my right to criticize them . 
   leftist use hate speech as often as right wingers . 
  sorry but no . 
  i 've never personally encountered leftist hate-speech in poland , but i 've encountered nationalist hate-speech many times , even when i still considered myself right-wing . 
  if it is then so are terrorist attacks . 
  i think the only way to give people better understanding what is more dangerous we should report every single crime caused by nationalists , like we do with muslims terrorists . 
  this is disgusting , but it 's also going to be more common now that nationalists think they have popular support thanks to media campaigns against refuges , `` leftists '' , eu , etc :( there are even parliament members repeating the `` masons and jews '' bullshit unironically ... 
  there 's nothing to be destroyed in warsaw , though , 
  in case of poland and lithuania we had commonwealth with our own laws ( heavily influenced by roman laws ) for centuries , then we got conquered by prussia , russia and austria , then napoleon liberated us for a few years , so we adopted many features of his codex , then we were conquered a few more times by russia and germany . 
  btw i do n't get why russia has austro-german law system . 
  communist laws were quite distinctive . 
  yup , it seems it 's some new invention . 
  not that it makes it less polish or wrong somehow . 
  i now understand what was the inspiratio for muka ( the groke ) in the moomins came from . 
  in this case it was painted in 1878 and the battle was in 1410 , so it might be slightly off  also check out the painting history , - it was one of the 2 most wanted polish paintings during ww2 by germans , goebels offered bounty of 10\u00a0000\u00a0000 marks , and poles had to hide it ( some resistance members were executed by germans for refusing to tell where it 's hidden ) . 
  the other was `` prussian homage '' also by matejko - showing the ceremony where prussian ruler became a vassal of polish king in 1525 . 
  nazis wanted to destroy them cause ideology . 
  more : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/battle_of_grunwald_ ( matejko ), 
  it was mostly illegal , and black market took a cut . 
  but yes , people did that too . 
  it was over 16 % for the whole 1994 for example [ 1 ] . 
  pardon my rounding to 20 % . 
  and anyway in early nineties still over 30 % of poles were farmers , and that was a fake , useless job for most of them when capitalism started . 
  so they were really functionally unemployed and the real unemlpoyement was easily higher than 20 % . 
  the whole dziady celebration was common to slavic and baltic people : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/dziady and mickiewicz desribed it as it was done where he lived - in lithuania ( so - as it was done by mostly belarusian and lithuanian peasants ) . 
  dziady are in the canon . 
  but that 's like 20 % polish mythology 20 % lithuanian mythology 10 % patriotism and secatianism and 50 % invented romanticism bullshit . 
  yup it especially made sense in 80s . 
  basically the only way to keep the value of your money . 
   is this a stereotype about poland ? 
  yup . 
  based on reality . 
  in 80s there was hyperinflation , national banks gave loans on 2 or 10 % yearly , while your salary ( and prices ) grew by 10-50 percent each month ( and real value of money fell even more for example when looking at usd exchange rate ) . 
  so people tried to spend everything on too big houses planned for old-style 3-generations families . 
  then the system collapsed , first banks recalculated the debts ( so people tried to pay it back asap and lived in half-finished houses ) , and then communism fell altogether and there was wild 90s , with 20 % unemployement . 
  most people in less wealthy regions ( so - most poland outside big cities ) lacked money to finish these houses immediately . 
  and also kids often moved to study or work in big cities or abroad , so - even less money and reasons to finish the house . 
  it 's less common now , but still a thing . 
  i lived in ground floor of half-finished house for 6 years because of similar situation , and it was a simple consequence of crazy times . 
  my father paid back 30-year loan by working for 6 weeks in austria on a farm  a month later and the debt would be recalculated and they would be still paying it back today , 
  on one hand the whole `` patriotic clothes '' movement and the constant attempts by church and political parties ( mostly nationalists ) to own the polish tradition are frustrating . 
  on another hand i love a good cosplay and some of them are really good . 
  so yeah , let them shine . 
  also regarding `` barely fits '' - husaria was all about kitch and bling - why do you think they wear leopard skins  . 
  actually north was white . 
  west was red ( because sunset is red most probably - the word for west and sunset is the same in most slavic languages , same with east and sunrise ) . 
  yeah , polish names have '' - s\u0142aw '' as well . 
  but it 's clearly a secondary meaning . 
  `` word '' is much more basic word than `` glory '' . 
  btw slavic in slavic ( s\u0142owia\u0144ski in polish for example ) means `` of words '' . 
  so slavs were `` people of words '' and the others were `` mutes '' , 
  but i work in warsaw like half the time . 
  it seems to be universal . 
  they would of course be outraged when you stated it like that , because communism is a symbol of devil himself . 
  but they are ok with widespread propaganda , curbing personal liberties , removing judical control over ruling party , anti-capitalist propaganda , external threat symbolism , and outright socialist economic policies ( listen to morawiecki ) . 
  so , the only significant change seems to be the relation to church ( because communists were mostly against it , and pis is allied with polish catholic church ) . 
  i thought belarus was `` white ruthenia '' because of the old slavic cardinal directions system ? 
  like white was north , red was west ( so ukraine was red ruthenia ) . 
  same with white and red croatia etc. 
  more https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/cardinal_direction https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/white_croatia kinda weird to call belarusians `` white '' when everybody was white in eastern europe at the time ? 
  30 % of population would love communism to return , if only instead of soviets the church was in power . 
  it 's fucking frustrating to see them destroy my country . 
  i found it cute that people would greet each other `` ahoj '' when i worked in bratislava . 
  i felt a little like a pirate each time , 
  you 're not only too lazy to say dzie\u0144 dobry . 
  you 're too lazy to say dobry . 
  that 's some badass level lazines . 
  formal for evening - dobry wiecz\u00f3r . 
  other popular informal ones : `` co s\u0142ycha\u0107 ? 
  '' , `` co tam ? '', 
  which are a little like `` how are you ?
