   but i 'm not sure how `` germany '' would do this . 
  using euro , together with countries that are less wealthy , which makes the currency devalued compared to what it would be if it used deutsche mark still . 
  it also fucks up these less wealthy countries which is a nice bonus . 
  comparing bbc to rt. 
  nice . 
  bbc piece from 2003 : http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/uk_news/2765041.stm show my equivalent news about putin and georgia/crimea/donbas / chechenia or sth by russia today . 
  cause for me the amount of propaganda ( and lies ) is orders of magnitude higher in russia today . 
  was it like in communist poland ( where myabe 5-10 % of population were expected to graduate university ) ? 
  because that 's the biggest difference in poland after 89 - suddenly everybody had to have degree , so there were dozens of new universities , and the quality went down sipmly because of quantity . 
  communist era physics and math were pretty good . 
  on the other hand they were teaching some pretty obsolete stuff ( computer science was decades behind the west ) , in biology they still taught \u0141ysenko ideas of evolution , and economy was all fairy tales and marxism-leninism . 
   i imagine poland is in a whole other stage of development in this . 
  why ? 
   currently the man only gets 5 days maternity leave , as opposed to nearly a year for the women . 
  in poland it 's 20 mandatory weeks ( mother has to get at least 14 of these , then if she does n't want the rest - father has to get the rest ) , then optional 6 or 8 weeks for whever wants , and then also optional 26 weeks - also for whoever wants ( do n't ask me why it 's divided that way ) . 
  still many people are hired on `` junk contracts '' and do n't get paid parental leave at all . 
  regarding discrimination i meant the programms like gender quotas in political parties , stem courses , boards of companies , etc. 
  i work in stem ( it specifcialy ) , and i 've seen both positive and negative discrimination of women , but the positive was much more common ( teams work better when they are mixed gender according to 2 of my past bosses ) . 
  it 's simply hard to find more than 10-20 % of female programmers , and i do n't think in that case any government programme will work . 
  yes , and that 's great . 
  still , there 's significant difference between number of men and women that choose job over kids or vice versa . 
  some people argue it 's all social construct ( therefore any discrepances between genders at work are because of discrimination , guilting women into caring for kids , etc , so we need social programmes to fix this ) . 
  others argue it 's all biology ( therefore we do n't need to do anything - women choose kids cause that 's how they are build ) . 
  i think it 's a little of both , and at some point our social programmes meant to fight discrimination will be discriminating againsnt natural tendencies of both genders ) . 
  i do n't think we 're there yet , but we 're close . 
  in lublin there was 3000 ukrainian students in 2013 ( almost 1 % of city population  ) . 
  and it 's probably much higher now . 
  novadays you can hear ukrainian ( and russian ) on the streets every day . 
  everybody is talking about free university education and healthcare like it was ussr specific . 
  modern russia does n't have that ? 
   and think stock exchange is a magic place for gambling where money comes and goes from out of nowhere that 's mostly true  only correction : out of ~ ~ nowhere ~ ~ naive investors ' pockets . 
  w = v , \u0142 = w , c = ts in any polish word . 
  i think it was sarcasm . 
  but i 'm not sure . 
  tl ; dr : there 's a sliding scale , the subjects with more external verification are taught better . 
  it 's ok for math and polish ( because there 's external verification system - every kid has to pass mandatory exam at 18 , teachers with bad results have problems ) . 
  only a few kids choose any optional subjects for final exam , so other subjects are treated less seriously . 
  after math and polish there are subjects like chemistry , physics , biology , history . 
  still some kids choose them on the final exam , so they usually are n't completly bullshit , but there 's too much theory , and not enough hands-on experiences . 
  as a kid i would love to be able to blow stuff up on physics or chemistry , but we never had the chance ( and had to do this in free time  ) . 
  geography gets special mention , because in my experiences it was dumb as hell , both in primary school , middle school , and at university . 
  for example i had to learn how many tons of banan as equador produced each year . 
  there was a table with top exporters and i had to memorize it , and basicaly reconstruct it on the test . 
  and it was the same for potatoes , grain , rice , and whatever . 
  this was 15 years ago , google existed , requiring kids to learn this was just dumb . 
  such obvious bullshit requirements means 95 % kids in poland cheat on exams from the subjects they do n't consider important . 
  it 's like shool was designed to teach you to choose your battles , and to cheat on everything else . 
  useful skill for any individual , but the society it creates is n't optimal imho . 
  and then there are complete bullshit subjects like computer science , music , graphics , `` knowledge about society '' , `` enterprenaurship '' , `` preparation for family life '' , `` preparation for defence '' , and of course religion ( optional fortunately ) . 
  a lot of these would make perfect sense ( especially computer science ) , if they were n't constructed in such a way , that it was basicaly 45 minutes of wasted life each week . 
  nobody took them seriously , starting with teachers , school principals , kids , parents . 
  if you wanted to be a programmer - you had to be good at math , not at computer science , to get to the best university . 
  and that was the situation in all schools i know about , from speaking with my friends . 
  so , i would eliminate dumb requirements from optional subjects like geography , natural sciences should have more hands-on approach , and less theory , and bullshit subjects should stop being bullshit ( but i do n't know how to do that , it 's impossible to make everything mandatory on final exam ) . 
  and cheating should be eliminated somehow ( right now teachers have the incentive to let kids cheat ) . 
  also , as a husband of a math teacher - parents have much too big influence over the kids grades . 
  the come to complain about grades in year 1 and 2 , and teacher has to improve the grades artificaly or else , and then in year 3 kids write final exam and teacher has problems if they do n't pass . 
  it `` proves '' eu is really decadent falling empire of depravity , 
   looking back on your math education in highschool , do you think it was too hard ? 
  we had derivatives , and finding extrema of functions , so it 's really just using the formula . 
  it could still be too hard if there was not enough time , depending on the other questions . 
  also it 's weird to give both picture , description , and the formula . 
  if you gave the formula there 's no point in giving the description . 
  but this only makes it easier . 
   we have no issues with admitting the truth for certain values of `` we '' , 
  depends on country , but for example in poland it 's the mortgage that binds you , not the stigma , 
  - right-wing resurgence - check - just after big economic crisis - check - an ex-empire that lost a war and wants to regain it 's position - check - regime with popular support that rejects democracy and freedom of speech as fundamental values in exchange for prosperity , unity and power - check - rejection of status quo in international politics - check - making a mockery out of international law - check - focus on `` healthy traditional values '' in opposition to `` decadent liberal freedoms '' - check - using external enemy as a uniting factor - check - making scapegoat out of unpopular minorities - check - military interventions as a way to gain support - check it 's not nazism , but the only thing it misses right now is a holocaust and starting a world war . 
  a lot of people from state universities won nobel prizes in a lot of countries , and i do n't remember anyone mentioning such law . 
  in a few months each country will buy adds telling everybody how awful it is , and how great other countries are , 
  pis started the \u015awinouj\u015bcie gasport project . 
  po continued it for most of its duration . 
  it is n't ready yet , but it will shortly be . 
  mistakes were made and the project is delayed ( but so are most projects of such scale ) . 
  the opening is a pr stunt ( and will be repeated by pis once it wins the elections most probably , and it will be pr stunt then as well ) . 
  nowoczesna = people from po that jumped the sinking ship i prefer the people that stayed honestly, 
  it most probably will be more expansive , but not 3 times ( few months ago it was 40 % more expansive than russian gas ) , also the difference can change , especially if usa starts exporting lng . 
  still the port improves polish bargaining position , because until now we just had to import some gas from russia ( we could survive a few winter months on our reserves , but then we would have to reduce industry consumption to keep households warm ) . 
  now this is n't the case anymore . 
  previously gazprom had to outcompete `` costs of investments required for diversification amortised for the contract duration + the price per ton difference '' now it 's just `` price per ton difference '' . 
  this is a different number . 
  also the contracts for russian gas are usually linked to oil prices . 
  so depending on the oil prices the profitability of the \u015awinouj\u015bcie port changes . 
  liga polskich rodzin ( hardcore catholic right-wing nuts ) and samoobrona ( populist russian sponsored anti-eu nuts ) were in ruling coalition . 
  giertych from lpr was the ministry of education ( the guy that believed ~ ~ math should n't be mandatory on matura , ~ ~ ( edit - that was the guy before , but he delayed the return of the mandatory math ) , mi\u0142osz and gombrowicz were anti-polish and should n't be on mandatory reading lists , and pupils should be forced to wear suits ) . 
  we were arguing with eu about everything , and achieved nothing except bad bargaining position . 
  the only good thing about pis was zyta gilowska . 
  it is n't ready , and it was a pr stunt , but it will be ready by december - there are already contracts signed to get gas then . 
  it 's worth it simply because the next time we negotiate with gazprom we get better prices because there is competition . 
  right now we pay for russian gas much more than germans do . 
  we prefered the white death . 
  should n't boast , it 's probably racist . 
  not all trees are visible , only these near public roads i think . 
  the title should be `` estonia has the cheapest petrol in eu '' . 
   i 'm an atheist , polish nationalist , pro-russian and i despise anti-semites , and i 'm going to vote pis . 
  not everyone who disagrees with you is crazy . 
  it 's rude to assume madness . 
  but could you explain your thought process that started with such beliefs and resulted in supporting pis ? 
  both at around 1 % support . 
  oh , right , i got stuck on the invented word without realising we have one . 
  in real polish we say po\u017cyczonym ( borrowed ) .
