  it 's regional power with too big army and nukes and no economy to back that up . 
  52.3 % of russian international trade is with eu . 
  export makes up 25 % of russian gdp . 
  without trade with eu they lose 12.5 % of gdp just from that . 
  additionaly 75 % of foreign investments in russia comes from eu . 
  9.5 % of eu international trade is with russia . 
  export makes up 1/6th of eu gdp . 
  without exporting to russia a little over 1 % of eu gdp would be lost . 
  of course bigger problem would be with resources . 
  32 % of eu gas imports come from russia . 
  but for a few months it 's maneagable . 
  stop trading with russia today and wait for the russian army to nicely go from ukraine back to russia . 
  or for their economy to go to the drain . 
  yes . 
  and that 's exactly the way it prevents conflicts - you blackmail your trading partner if it starts wars you 'll stop trading with him , 
  it 's quite simple to fix that without using army . 
  it will cost a little in the short term , but i think it 's worth it . 
  eu is the biggest russian trading partner ( 52.3 % russian foreign trade is with ue , 75 % foreign direct investments in russia comes from eu ) . 
  on the other hand russia is only 3rd trading partner for eu as a whole at 9.5 % . 
  let 's say whole eu says to putin - `` get your army back or we wo n't trade with you this year '' . 
  this will hurt eu ( we would need to buy gas and oil from others , most probably more expansive ) . 
  but it will hurt russia much more ( 50 % of economy disappears - it 's an unimaginable crisis ) . 
  putin will have no choice ( or there will be revolution in russia in a few months ) . 
  most probable solution - putin backs off , the trade between eu and russia goes as usual , and ukraine is free to solve the crisis using regular means . 
   sorry about the tatars who hate russia and now i know how the ja\u0142ta conference felt for the selling side . 
  in polish it 's `` pies ogrodnika '' ( `` dog of a gardener '' ) meaning the same - someone keeping from others something he ca n't use anyway . 
  bad things happens in pairs . 
  would be very expansive to rebuild that undersea pipeline going nearby , da ? 
  if eu repeats what it did after 2004 orange revolution ( telling ukraine - we 'll see , but probably you wo n't be able to join ) - ukrainians will have no hope , and no other choice than russia . 
  they need to eat and to pay for gas and the only people with money in ukraine are the oligarchs and russians . 
  so it 's up to ukrainians to make reforms , but it 's up to us ( eu ) to give them hope and money . 
  poland got money ( and more imporantly - promises of joining the eu and nato if all goes well ) long before 2004 . 
  it was a goal that politicians had to keep in mind at all times . 
  if there was something people argued about - one of the most important arguments was always `` eu standards require it '' . 
  that was why minorities in poland have the right to put up signs with city names in their language if there 's enough of them . 
  that 's why big minorities have guaranteed place in polish parliament even if their party have n't passed 5 % support level that regular parties have to pass . 
  that 's why tpsa communication network monopoly had to give up their network to competitors even when there were no real competition and nobody believed there ever will be . 
  it looked like it 's just superficial law , but we did it and it paid off . 
  same with energy market changes - poles can choose their energy company now - nobody does that , cause the price differences are small , and it 's a lot of paperwork for small gain , but the possibility is there and eventually this will make the market more competive . 
  and there were tons of such changes , some of them hurt , some of them went horribly wrong ( polish train company - pkp is example of how that can backfire - there 's a saying in poland that they made one company to manage the left rail and another company to manage the right rail , and they ca n't agree to anything now ) . 
  anyway - the promise that they can join if they do the right reforms is a huge factor in future of ukraine . 
  yes , i 've said it will be hard . 
  and nobody expects ukraine to join today or in 5 years . 
  i think 10 years is possible given real reforms , but i 'm optymist . 
  it may be 15 years . 
  still - giving ukrainians such target it 's the only way they will have reason for the reforms . 
  without eu they wo n't have anything to work towards . 
  why would they fight corruption if it means fighting the only people with money in their country , and the only people their country trade with ? 
  how do you fight corruption if your whole economy depends on good deal with putin ? 
  if eu wo n't give them hope they will just repeat last 10 years . 
  regarding the size - poland is around 38 million , it took 14 years . 
  i think it was possible ( and would be profitable for eu and for poland ) to do this earlier , around 2000 . 
  it 's not the matter of size , but of public opinion . 
  the problem is n't russia itself - it 's corruption and oligarchy ( ukraine has many very rich people that de facto rule the country ) . 
  but russia does n't mind oligarchs and corruption , in russia they rule too , so ukraine wo n't ever get rid of them and corruption if ukraine will be allied with russia . 
  nothing will change . 
  they would need to go towards russia to get even better deals like belarus ( which is sponsored by russia , and russians buy their last worthy national companies one by one in exchange for debts repayment ) . 
  so eu is better in the long term because it fights the corruption . 
  it 's not perfect of course , but it 's much better than russian system , where government , oligarchs and mafia controls everything . 
  of course eu is n't perfect ( there 's still corruption there , during reforms it will even probably worsen for a while ) , but the attitude is different and with time the corruption decreases . 
  and of course reforms will hurt people , but only for a while , corruption hurts forever . 
  regarding detoriating industry , economy , etc - poland had roughly same gdp per capita in 1990 as ukraine . 
  now it 's 3 times higher . 
  what was different ? 
  how about slovakia , lithuania , estonia , etc ? 
  part of that industry is n't up to modern standards . 
  it needs to go . 
  the rest could be saved , but it requires good people - honest , smart and hard working . 
  they have no chances against oligarchy . 
  i want eu to help ukraine and i 'm ready to pay for that with small part of my taxes , but it 's ukrainians choice . 
  right , load of bs . 
  strange that michnik proposed this load of bullshit , and published articles supporting it in wyborcza just before transformation . 
  paid by pzpr money , controlled by leszek miller , sold to http://pl.wikipedia.org/wiki/universal_sa one of the biggest polish companies in nineties , controlled by ( currently wanted by police ) http://pl.wikipedia.org/wiki/dariusz_przywieczerski - he was in pzpr too , what a surprise . 
  btw the same man also created bank big ( currently known as bank millenium ) , and bough 20 % shares of polsat tv in 1994 . 
  if you really wanted examples you only need 5 minutes spend with google . 
  oh , btw , polsat ( the first private tv in poland ) was created by http://pl.wikipedia.org/wiki/zygmunt_solorz-%c5%bbak maybe you 've heard of him . 
  the richest pole almost every year . 
  he recently admited he was working for communist secret agency in eighties . 
  he even had consular passport . 
  w latach 80 xx w. zosta\u0142 mu wydany paszport konsularny it 's much harder to find a big company created in nineties that had no connections to pzpr . 
  there ca n't be . 
  that 's how bluffing works . 
  you can always say it was bluff until you do it . 
  btw in communist poland in eighties similar thing happened - opposition talked with communists during round table meetings , and they agreed to partly free elections , eventually it resulted in poland regaining independence , but there was a cost - communist were n't punished for their crimes , many of them kept their influences all the way through the transformation , they often bought national companies privatized in nineties for outrageous price ( cause they had influences and could blackmail others ) , the companies defaulted on purpose , but they earned fortunes in the process . 
  that 's how most rich people in poland started . 
  now many poles call the round table a huge mistake - they say we should wait till ussr collapses and punish communists , and the whole transformation would go better . 
  i do n't think it would turn out better ( communists had influences no matter the law , it would n't change much if they were banned from running companies or anything like that ) . 
  but it 's a real problem that opposition in ukraine is going to face cause they made a deal with the government . 
  i know that perfectly well . 
  i just felt it 's missing from the list . 
  he must have told some joke about jews in his life after all . 
  he 's not that good at fequency modulation . 
  do n't forget antisemite . 
  yeah , just like jaruzelski : /, 
  neither . 
   the more east you get not as simple as that . 
  for example warsaw has bad water in some districts , while lublin region water is very clean ( it 's too hard for some people liking , but it 's cleaner ) . 
  also in more remote villages the infrastructure is usually new ( during communism many villages simply used water from wells ) . 
  that 's the case in my home village , and the water quality is ok . 
  i 'd be more afraid of infrastructure in bad parts of big cities .
