  i can understand people like that ceremony around presidents even now , but it has no place in modern world . 
   and then some brand managers repeat in public plenty of times yo that bitch ugly as fuck and smells of stale cheese if she does then she 's probably not doing a good job , and it 's better to change her , than to debate the formalities of proper way to criticize her . 
  they called him `` a common drunkard '' , and `` psycho '' instead . 
  i dislike duda , i just do n't think po has the moral high ground here . 
  i 'd say polish reputation is ok , even a little overperforming recently ( at least on reddit and english language sites in general , inside poland it 's abysmaly bad ) . 
   calling ideas that other people in a democratic country have just plain stupid because theyre different than yours is a very low and simplistic thing to do - and i feel that with your appreciation for more liberal thinking you might want to be more honest with yourself - as a liberal you have to allow people to have different opinions and not get too frustrated with them . 
  i allow them their opinions . 
  i just think they are stupid for holding them . 
  that 's my opinion and you have to allow it . 
  calling my opinion simplistic just because you disagree with it is very simplistic of you  also i do n't think all opinions different from mine are stupid . 
  for example i would never vote socialist party , yet i understand people doing that . 
   being a president is not just a job . 
  repeating does n't make it true . 
   but yeah . . thats probably why we have the kind of politicians that we have because people think theres nothing special abt it , just money and some jobs to do , or not do . 
  you do n't understand . 
  all jobs should be done well , or not at all ( if they are not a net benefit for the society ) . 
  cheating your clients as a private investment advisor is exactly as bad as cheating your voters . 
  almost all jobs contribute to society , a lot of them contribute more than even best possible president could . 
  she contributed more than all of our presidents taken together . 
  she was a professor , but the respect she earned was n't earned because of the title . 
  there were professors that were bad people . 
  title does n't matter . 
  hell , putin was a president , \u0141ukaszenko is a president , janukowycz was a president . 
  bush was a president . 
  do they deserve respect because of that ? 
  or does this `` respect a president '' only works for your president ? 
  morality that dictates different actions for people of diffferent citizenships is quite unique , you should patent it , 
  to be honest po treated lech kaczy\u0144ski the same . 
  both sides of popis are equaly at fault in that divorce . 
   a president of a country is not just some person like an accountant is it is just a job . 
  set of requirements with attached money . 
  nothing sacred about it . 
  as you noticed - nobody is exempt from criticism , and calling someone stupid is a valid criticism . 
  i do n't like my presidents stupid , just like i do n't like my soldiers to be obese pacifists . 
   but calling the president of your own country stupid is like ... calling half of the population stupid does not follow , but anyway , why is it bad to call half of population stupid ? 
  i was called stupid for my voting preferences ( sometimes shared by 30 + % of voters ) many times , quite a few times rightly so  btw i 'm quite sure half of population of poland is stupid - otherways they would n't believe it 's ok to fuck women in the ass , but do the same to a man and it 's suddenly shameful . 
  or that it 's ok for a kid to be raised by 10 random women in orphanage , but it 's wrong for the same kid to be raised by 2 women in home . 
  irrational beliefs hold despite rational argumentation = not using your brain correctly = stupidity . 
  as sure sign as doing more harm at your job than you could have done if you did nothing . 
  as for polish bad reputation - we work for it each day , by doing stupid things and voting stupid politicians . 
  hiding problems wo n't help . 
  when ball passes between 2 poles it counts as a goal for the oposite team . 
  with such discriminating rules it 's really hard to win , but we 're trying anyway . 
  i hired accountant . 
  he started to make business decisions for the whole company like he was ceo . 
  my company looks dumb because it seeems to the outside world like it makes contradictory decisions . 
  can i call my accountant stupid ? 
  i have no respect for people that abuse power they were given by society . 
  i also generaly do n't respect offices and titles - imho it 's backward way of thinking . 
  people deserve respect or not , not their titles . 
  btw i also criticized komorowski on reddit - i just generaly do n't like dumb presidents . 
  he works for me ( and all the other poles ) for a few weeks and is doing shitty job already . 
  why should n't i call him stupid if he is stupid ? 
  they only have 20 fingers . 
  i wonder if the unspecified pole is https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/pan_samochodzik, 
  duda is stupid and acts like president in poland had same power as in france or usa . 
  he should stop trying to get screen time and start coordinating with government , president is mostly representative in poland and representation that contradicts govdrnment is shitty . 
  as for ukrainians in poland people do n't mind - they learn polish quickly and do n't cause problems more often than regular poles . 
  giving money for votes gives you more votes . 
  the number called `` life expectancy at birth '' should be counted as life expectancy at birth and not life expectancy at 20 , that 's just dumb . 
  law does n't apply to elites . 
  i 'm from poland , was 6 when communism fell , remember sth but not much . 
  it 's obviously better with the west , we never wanted to be in ussr sphere of influence , and we never wanted to have communism , and after 50 years if you compare level of life or societies that grew in communist and capitalist countries it 's really a no-brainer . 
  poland unfortunately is backward on the lgbt rights . 
  or , to be more exact - 40 % is backward , 30 % is modern , 30 % do n't care . 
  and we have no political correctness ( which has advantages and disadvantages ) so life is hard for people that are `` touchy '' and do n't 100 % conform to the society expectations ( nobody do ) . 
  imho it 's the worst problem of modern poland , worse than economy , demography , etc , but 99 % of people will probably say the main problem is economy and/or demography . 
  or maybe russia going full retard again . 
  that being said polish culture is great , there 's a lot of things i love about it , that i would miss if i migrated , so i wo n't . 
  for example we have this weird sense of humor and/or responsibility - you have to stick to your ideals and fuck the system . 
  there 's no worse crime in school than reporting on your collegues . 
  `` fuck the system '' should be the motto of poland  i like it a lot , it is like a vacine for all ideologies ( even catholicism is usually treated like `` i believe in god , but i do n't believe in priests '' ) . 
  also there 's this `` make do '' attitude . 
  regardin the level of life - it 's a lot better than in early nineties ( and late 80s were just awful , no comparison ) , people complain about unemlpoyment and poor salaries , but it 's a matter of moving expectations imho - we now see how people live in the west , so we want to have it as good . 
  and it 's just not possible for most of population yet . 
  also some people prefered when you could just pretend you 're working 8 hours a day , and live exactly as shitty as everybody else , but imho it 's good these times are gone . 
  thanks to shengen millions of poles migrated , and i do n't blame them - it 's much easier choice , why wait 30 years for the standards of living to average out ? 
  i work in it so it 's much easier for me , so i had a lot less incentive to leave , but i know a lot of people who did migrated , and it still makes sense economicaly . 
  on the other hand if there was shengen in 80s half of poland would move , 
  we have sejm and senat in poland . 
  sejm is 460 people , elected in proportional elections , it 's where new law is usually created ( although president and senat has the right to present new law for voting as well ) . 
  senat is 100 people , elected in first past the post elections , and they can approve the new law , or return it to sejm ( which can then overrule the senate rejection with absolute majority ) . 
  it 's not the only check - new law also can be challanged by president and consitutional court . 
  in the end senat is usually dominated by the party that won in sejm anyway ( and thanks to fptp they have bigger majority in senat than in sejm ) , so after a few rounds of back and forth between sejm and senat and maybe a few corrections - the law gets passed . 
  i think the system is mostly ok . 
  it also has symbolic value - senat has 500 years long tradition in poland , and the first thing communists did in the faked elections after ww2 was dismantling the senat ( in the infamous `` 3 * yes '' referendum ) . 
  some people now want to do this as well `` to cut costs '' but it 's not very popular . 
  imho : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/warsaw_confederation 1573 - written act granting religious freedom to all free people in polish-lithuanian commonwealth . 
  it was interesting , that the initiative came mostly from poor nobility , they formed `` confederation '' ( sth between uprising and social movement - it was legal for nobles in commonwealth to do that , and it was 5-10 % of the whole population ) and forced the king to sign it . 
  all later kings had to sign it as well to be crowned . 
  poland : we have pis-po division in politics , and media mostly follow it . 
  both are right wing , socialy conservative , they differ in details . 
  gazeta wyborcza and tvn are very pro-po , rzeczpospolita is slightly pro-pis , do rzeczy is very pro-pis . 
  there 's also a few extremist media ( nasz dziennik , radio maryja and tv trwam are polish `` bible belt media '' , supporting pis at the moment but changing to homegrown political parties sometimes , like m\u0142odzie\u017c wszechpolska and liga polskich rodzin a few years ago ) , there is some extremist right wing stuff , there are also very small extreme leftist media , like nie . 
  poland : - around 1937 hundreds of tousands of polish nationality citizens of ussr were murdered or send to gulags because they were polish . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/polish_operation_of_the_nkvd_ ( 1937 % e2 % 80 % 9338 ) - in 17th september 1939 red army invaded poland from east to help nazi germany invasion that was in progress , in accordance to the secret part of ribentrop-molotov treaty ( they divided poland between themselves ) - in 1941 over 22 000 of polish prisoners ( half of them soldiers - the rest inteligenzia ) were murdered https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/katyn_massacre - during `` liberation '' soviet army routinely raped all women in sight after taking a city https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/rape_during_the_liberation_of_poland - after `` liberation '' ussr faked elections and installed puppet government and captured over 25 000 of polish guerilla fighters that fought against germans during ww2 and murderd many of them ( sent the rest to siberia ) https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/soviet_repressions_of_polish_citizens_ ( 1939 % e2 % 80 % 9346 ) #restoration _ of_polish_sovereignty russia never apologized for any of this ( jelcyn apologized for katy\u0144 , but later putin canceled that , russia declined to pay fines to the families of the victims or to give them documents , and now the official version again seems to be `` germans did this '' , at least that 's what russians on the internet often write in the comments ) . 
  eastern poland . 
  people from other parts of poland rarely visit cities there , and they still imagine places like lublin , zamo\u015b\u0107 or przemy\u015bl look like in nineties . 
  guess what things got fixed in last 20 years , and the war destructions were a lot smaller than in warsaw , gda\u0144sk , or western poland , so the effect is stunning . 
  foreigners do n't even know these places exist .
