  what 's so special about them ? 
  why separate countries by genetics ? 
   i do n't know , maybe this is what poland does differently , that there kind of independent newspapers or politicians or whoever who are respected by all and everybody considers them independent and honest ? 
  are there people who are not firmly allied with one party or side or another and thus such scandals can change their allegiation ? 
  no , it 's exactly the same . 
  you 're either for pis or po and no matter what you did your whole life , the moment you speak against pis you are forever po fanatic , and vice-versa . 
  it does n't , at least not always ( depending how the constant factors and thresholds work in uk - i do n't know ) . 
  it 's taxes on minimal salary , there are constant factors , and thresholds , so the percentage will differ depending on the salary . 
  imho it should be shown on the median salary and not minimal . 
  and throw the poland away while you 're at it . 
   your fears about `` invasion '' , i ca n't imagine what makes you think so . 
  your politicians talking about `` spheres of influences '' that you have right to shape as you please . 
  including ukraine there . 
  these ukrainians are nazi or proeuropean ( it 's synonym apparently ) - so russia has right to invade them . 
  can you deny this happened ? 
  if ukraine is swallowed ( which probably wo n't happen , and at least wo n't happen quickly - then poland will be in russian sphere of influence - that is what we 're trying to prevent ) . 
  i know when there 's ukraine between russia and poland , and we only share small part of border near kaliningrad we 're safe . 
  but in next 20 years i 'm not 100 % sure . 
  only like 90 % sure . 
  and that 10 % is enough to act now to prevent another poland occupation . 
  i do n't want to teach russia . 
  first of all russia = russian politicians , because you do n't have real democracy . 
  i do n't belive russian politicians can be taught basic morality . 
  they either came out of kgb or mafia . 
  i just want russia to behave on the international stage - and sanctions are the best instrument we have . 
  german relations with russia were usually ok ( with few exceptions when they were neighbors ) . 
  catherine the great was german , prussia divided poland together with austria and russia in xix century , they fought napoleon together , ww2 started with ribbentrop-molotov agreement and ussr joined hitler just 17 days later in invasion of poland . 
  germans have money and engineering experience , russia had people and resources ( now just resources ) . 
  it 's obvious why germany and russia have good relations . 
  well , if you ignore the whole authoiritharian government , beating opposition , killing journalists and invading neighbors stuff . 
  but that was never a problem if the business were good , right ? 
  at least when you 're not a neighbor of russia . 
  the problem for poland is - each time russia had good relations with germany we were fucked because of that . 
  and i do n't particulary want to be friendly with russia . 
  i remember when poland was under russian occupation . 
  just 25 years ago . 
  it sucked . 
  it 's like with china . 
  when you 're in europe china is a great business patner , and fuck the tibet , north korea , taiwan and all the other victims . 
  it 's different when you 're a neighbor of china . 
  poland tried to be friendly with russia , even after georgia war ( tusk government was heavily criticized for this for the first 6 years of their rule ) . 
  russia did a few gestures , then it returned back to normal hostility . 
  poles and russians just does n't have much common interests . 
  at least as long as they want to have empire back . 
  and they do . 
  so you say taking bribes is wrong , but giving bribes is ok , 
  we have n't cared about the system , it would n't protect us against russia anyway ( it protects against ballistic missiles launched 1000s km away , against medium range missiles that russia would use against poland regular anti-air defences work just as well ) . 
  we wanted usa military base so in case russia does attack us ( which nobody thinks is probable in 10-20 yeras , but after crimea it 's not `` unthinkable '' ) usa already has some army there . 
  russia wo n't attack a country with an usa base . 
  guarantees of security are much weaker than military presence . 
  and yes - making agreement with a country you 're allied with , and then changing it in response to its only potential enemy is bad diplomacy . 
  especially when you see how russia took the whole reset business later . 
  the government response is a proof , 
  i think the `` losers '' refers to pis policy ( they did conflicted poland with both russia and germany counting only on usa for defence when they were in power ) , but i must listen to the whole recording . 
  we do have research nuclear reactor maria , it 's capable of making weapon-grade plutonium , but it 's mostly used for industrial and medical isotopes production . 
  in fact it produces some isotopes that can be used as a weapon as a side effect and poland has agreement with russia and usa to take care of that materials : http://blogs.wsj.com/emergingeurope/2010/03/26/poland-finds-nuke-material-hidden-behind-sofa/  as it turns out , poland is among 44 countries included in an annex of the comprehensive nuclear test ban treaty that lists states with nuclear power or research reactors . 
  according to a former chairman of the polish nuclear administration , the country is capable of building nuclear weaponry thanks to a research reactor active since the early 1970s that has given it enough fuel for 10 or more bombs . 
  yes they were . 
  as a member of government he should n't influence national bank decisions . 
  it 's even in constitution . 
  and he spoke about exactly this , and bought belka for dimission of rostowski . 
  we have no other allies , so he was right , 
  what 's discrediting about this ? 
  sienkiewicz spoke about doing illegal stuff ( that was really done so it 's probable he was telling the truth ) , sikorski just said what he thinks about polish-american alliance . 
  also important - do we know when this was recorded ? 
  because since ukraine crisis usa did a lot more for poland , but even year before they were kinda dicks ( certainly obama with the missile defence system he canceled and left us hanging ) . 
  paywall , so there 's the image : http://cdn.static-economist.com/sites/default/files/imagecache/original-size/images/2014/06/blogs/graphic-detail/20140621_gdc207_0.png, 
  learn history . 
  a lot of good such balancing did for us in 1939-1945 . 
  we felt consequences till 1989 . 
  and economical consequences to this day . 
  you want your kids to have to start from scratch again in a few decades ? 
  because despite what some people said - there is no end of history , there will be wars in europe at some point , the germany and russia do have common interests and if we make both our enemies poland will be occupied once again . 
  some things do n't change . 
  regarding russia - it is a failed state with deep pockets and nukes . 
  it radiates corruption to its sattelites and that is the reason for ukraine backwardness and bad economy , as well as for the dead ukrainians you pity so much . 
  untill russia fixes it problems ( and stops occupations of a few souvereign countries ) it ca n't be considered partner for poland , only a threat . 
  in theory he does n't have control over these agencies - in practice he does . 
  `` moron '' journalists proved to be journalists - releasing secret materials and making huge scandals out of small things is what journalists are supposed to do . 
  i much prefer such journalism to `` on knees '' journalism of gazeta wyborcza regarding po or rzeczpospolita regarding pis . 
  tusk reacted at evening , and suddenly he got influence over that agency . 
  but it was too late . 
  i wonder why he could n't react during the day ? 
  even when it comes to small corruption in government ( like in this case ) the only response i can accept as a voter is - terminate with extreme prejudice . 
  do n't say `` mistakes were made '' and do nothing . 
  fire people involved . 
  do n't punish the messangers . 
  tusk is doing that completely wrong , he tries to cover the people involved , either he suddenly become a weak leader , or he has something to fear . 
  in both cases he has to go , sorry . 
  kaczy\u0144ski is n't stupid because he hates russia . 
  he 's stupid because he hates russia and germany at the same time . 
  in poland of all places ... 
  first of all tusk fucked up the scandal response . 
  it was n't that much of a scandal to begin with , but now it 's `` police state '' and `` end of democracy in poland '' . 
  so yeah , he has to go unfortunately . 
  i just hope pis wo n't be as dumb as the last time . 
  the word is overconfident , i think . 
  he was quite important in the polish media world . 
  for me his worst crime was making the atrocious the witcher movie ( he has probably stolen big part of the bugdet , i ca n't explain it otherways ) . 
  also as @nieuchwytnyuchwyt wrote - i messed up with the earlier elections - that was the next time around , when pis got voted out , not sld .
