  just look at canada . 
  that would be admiting vatniks are in government , 
  good pr stunt , but still . 
  i 'm originaly from small village in eastern poland . 
  it shrinked considerably , and is still shrinking . 
  it 's 20 km from w\u0142odawa , 60 km from lublin . 
  big cities ( like lublin and bigger ) shrink in favour of villages that are up to 30 km from them , because people prefer to live in suburbia , but work and educate their kids in cities . 
  small cities and villages far from big cities shrink because young people go to big cities and never come back . 
  yeah , my bad , we were invited in 1997 , but accepted in 1999 . 
  yes we do . 
  what 's the problem with that ? 
  people prefer to live in cities , why should we force them to live in villages ? 
  nothing . 
  some people would need to adjust their stereotypes a little . 
  i 'd like to remind people that in 1990 poland was poorer and less stable than ukraine ( then part of ussr ) , had russian army on its teritory , was deep in debts , had hyperinflation . 
  in 1997 it was in nato and in 2004 in eu . 
  nothing bad happened because of that . 
  of course ukraine has to solve a lot of issues first , but other countries had issues too , when they started to candidate . 
  also russians would n't start ww3 , get real . 
  - can you blame putin for economic downturn ? 
  meh , he 's either dumb or trolling . 
  there was a great polish movie about such `` declassification '' in poland after 1989 . http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0105185/?ref_=ttpl_pl_tt tl ; dw : security officers got `` verified '' by the vips that remained in power , the low level agents had to go to police or mafia , the archives were burned and there were organized crime and chaos for a few years , after that it got progressively better . 
  we have stalin orders to execute hundreds of tousands of people . 
  before russia went derp again after nineties they opened archives to historians . 
  they do keep archives . 
  if it was all about currency - should n't the countries with euro all have the same prices levels ? 
  it 's a combination of many factors , including how much and how efficiently your country produces daily products like food , clothing , fuels , etc , or how far it is and with what relations with big exporters of such products . 
  also tax law matters . 
  also israeli whatevers . 
  yay we had colonies too . 
  and then we mistreated them , lost them , and became a colony . 
  it is nationalist . 
  why should we treat ukrainians that had polish grand-grand-pa better than ones that have n't ? 
  it 's stupid , really . 
  it 's a relict of wild nineties . 
  and anyway that distant polish relatives do n't mean they are polish culturaly , will integrate better , or whatever , it 's just arbitrary division . 
  not really . 
  poles and romanians are eu citizens co they have the same rights as uk citizens . 
  ukrainians are n't eu citizens ( yet ) so they can have free movement without other rights . 
  depends on the details of that potential treaty . 
  it 's not the same . 
  example - most multiplayer games ( like starcraft , lol , counterstrike ) do n't have language specific servers . 
  you want to speak with the people you play - speak english . 
  kids novadays have as many friends online as offline . 
  the online ones may live anywhere . 
  on the other hand ` learn french to read this awesome poetry in original ' is n't going to persuade many kids . 
  in general countries far from russia want russia closer , and countries close to russia want it far away . 
  i think we should move russia between france and germany . 
  ukraine ( and the ` lands down to the black sea ' ) were part of poland ( the crown ) , not lithuania during commonwealth . 
  polish-lithuanian commonwealth stopped being personal union in 1569 . http://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/union_of_lublin or to be exact it was never personal union , it was created in1569 , before there was no commonwealth , just union of 2 states . 
  and in 1791 it become regular monarchy ( not for long , but there were a polish - russian war at that time as well ) . 
  and then we had puppet state called warsaw duchy , there was also so called congress kingdom - both polish only ( at least when respective wars against russia started ) . 
  and btw russian partition of poland included warsaw ( most of the time ) , as did most of the uprisings . 
  this is certainly poland not lithuania . 
  in any case if polish soldiers are in kreml and polish king is tzar i would call poland involved . 
  same the other way - if russian army is in warsaw how is the war ` mediated ' by lithuania ? 
  i really do n't understand your point , and i suspect you are just underinformed . 
  also between ww1 and ww2 you skipped 1920 war between poland and ussr ( i 'm confused if you count ussr or no ) . 
  if you care about names so much - germany invaded ussr not russia , and was occupied by ussr , not russia . 
  so you are wrong even using these absurdly formal criteria . 
  also , using logic and set theory : if poland and lithuania both fought a war against russia - poland fought a war against russia . 
  next you 're going to complain it was called muscovy during some of these wars . 
  at least it 's not discrimination - russians do n't have free media either . 
  this wo n't work . 
  kids will see it as stupid bureaucracy waste of time and wo n't bother . 
  without motivation education is waste of time , and how to motivate people to learn language that allows you to communicate with 0 new people ? 
  wow , we have like 95 % , and people are complaining . 
   what he says is that the ( far ) left and the ( far ) right ( and some other movements ) should unite against their common enemy -- the `` present state of things '' . 
  nothing new . 
  ribbentrop-molotov once again . 
  yes , just like nato started ww3 over snowden . 
  listen to the debate in poland about so called in-vitro or homosexualism , or act against violence towards women ... 
  it 's not the retarded `` earth is 6000 years old '' version , but it is still dumb . 
  is n't it already the case ? 
  we are in one economic union , and military alliance . 
  we work together in many german and polish - owned companies , we are each other significant trade partner . 
  what more do you want ? 
  and people in sattelite states ( and much of ussr ) - would welcome them with flowers . 
  we do all sorts of meat . 
  not our fault you import only the cheapest stuff . 
  i guess taxpayers that bail them out . 
  if you screw up in a company - you got fired , possibly the company go bust . 
  if you screw up as a president ( and it 's much harder to do - you can just smile and do nothing ) - at worst you are n't elected the next time . 
  the whole democracy is based on the fact that politicians are interchangeable and unimportant . 
  milk ( and other ) quotas were one of the biggest arguments against polish eu accession . 
  samoobrona ( anti-eu farmers ' party ) persuaded farmers that they wo n't be able to sell their milk ( and it was true to some degree ) . 
  i remember driving through poland in nineties - every single plot of grass had a few cows grazing . 
  now only big farmers keep cows , 100 or more . 
  i wonder if this change will mean keeping a few animals will become profitable again . 
  we still have a lot of small farmers ( hidden unemployement really ) , if they bought a few cows each - poland could increase milk production a few times easily . 
  so - watch milk prices , 
  we kinda were . 
  pi\u0142sudski organised unofficial polish army , and let powers negotiate who will give poland bigger autonomy if they fight for them . 
  in the end he used that army to free the whole poland . 
  it 's made by tomek bagi\u0144ski studio - platige image . 
  he also did short animation katedra ( https://www.google.pl/url?sa=t&amp;rct=j&amp;q=&amp;esrc=s&amp;source=web&amp;cd=1&amp;cad=rja&amp;uact=8&amp;ved=0ccmqyckwaa&amp;url=http%3a%2f%2fwww.youtube.com%2fwatch%3fv%3dlrcn2dlff5y&amp;ei=6l0bvaf-momusagewyp4ag&amp;usg=afqjcnggisembwh_8rupqw9ekazkwy94mw&amp;sig2=0h4yhuwvqvygrkxezo0i6w&amp;bvm=bv.89744112,d.bgg ) that was candidate for oscar a few years ago , and videos for all the witcher games . 
  stalin could stop ww2 by simply not allying with hitler . 
  no need to kill millions of people ( and i fail to see how red terror before and after ww2 helped defeat hitler ) . 
  how easy it is to justify crimes done to other people . 
  i was on mid-tier universities too ( umcs and kul in lublin ) .
