  the majdanek camp is just outside the city . 
  at least two million people died in these four locations between october 1941 and november 1943 , and thousands more were shot in the forests around them . 
  `` the logistical operation of the death camps was run here . 
  the organisational geniuses were here , the people that came up with industrial killing , '' says pietrasiewicz . 
  `` the main warehouses of the reinhard action , with millions of shoes , clothes , jewellery and gold , were all here in lublin . '', 
  this guy and his institution is not only working on jewish past of lublin , though this is the main focus . 
  he tries to preserve histories of all the people that lived in lublin . 
  btw , i find it funny ( though not surprising ) that while names like poland , poles , jews , be\u0142\u017cec , lublin , treblinka , etc were used repeatedly in the article , not once were the germans or germany mentioned  it would be rude , obviously , to suggest that this nazi army that demolished whole district of a city and built a death camp there came from any particular country or shared anything else except the ideology . 
  no problem with mentioning poles , though . 
  apparently only nazi germans were killing jews , but all poles did . 
  i especially like the reasoning that goes : 1 . 
  pis is great and much better than po because po was evil . 
  pis can do whatever it does with institutions because po did the same . 
   where were the media there ? 
  covering the story . 
  it was all over media . 
  i do n't get your point ? 
  they would have to admit they put person with criminal past as a minister . 
  now they can pretend he 's clean cause he was technicly never sentenced . 
  it 's another mockery of law , and they are n't even in power for a month . 
   regular seat changes majority in parliament , president , senate , and all the constitutional tribunal judges . 
  thank god they do n't have the constitutional majority , but with all the constitutional judges it 's almost as if they hav that too . 
  refusing to give smaller parliament parties access to some informations . 
  i really hope it 's fearmongering , but right now pis is checking all the boxes of autoritharian government in making . 
  you basicaly say `` previous government used legal loophole to change 3 out of 15 constitutional court judges , therefore it 's ok for current government to create a bigger loophole in law , and change all of them . '', 
  also president duda outright refused to perform his duties ( take an outh from the judges so they can perform their duties ) for over a month , waiting for pis to win elections and change the judges . 
  this is open mockery of law , by the person that should be the guarant of the law . 
  previous governments misdeeds are n't an excuse . 
  last time ukraine tried to help russia by dealing with their volunteers - russian army shelled ukrainians across the border . 
  you suggesting i should do the same ? 
  would be nice if russian state paid for what its `` volunteers '' did . 
  they were volunteers , not fault of ukrainian state . 
  see  ? 
  seems funny to me . 
  ca n't be trusted to do that . 
  if you think insults harm your lady you are expected to defend her ( if possible and if the defending wo n't cause more harm than ignoring it ) . 
  not by honour but because it 's the moral thing to do . 
  what 's more - morality expects you to defend your lady and anybody else . 
  if your lady insulted a homeless drunkard - morality expects you to defend him , honour - not so much ( at least not as it is applied ) . 
  and then there 's the question of the way you defend the lady honour - if you use violence or threaths - imho it 's not really making the world a better place . 
  but it depends of course , verbal violence is a thing too . 
  anyway - it 's not a simple matter , and honour is just a heuristic . 
  why use heuristic when you can derive the correct behaviour from the first principles ? 
  adhering strictly to a heuristic makes people do stupid things causing more suffering than nessesary ( duels , honour killings etc ) . 
  morality is the exact science of what is right and wrong . 
  honour can either make you do the same thing ( so it 's redundant ) , or other thing ( so it 's suboptimal ) . 
  honour is focusing too much on bragging rights and ego to be a good morality system . 
  it ignores many external costs . 
  we have the first principles - we should use them instead of relying on a heuristic designed in middle ages , in a society that was objectively less ethical than ours . 
  honour is simplification of morality for dumb people . 
  local funeral company in \u0141\u00f3d\u017a bribed some guys in ambulance crews to phone them when somebody dies so they can be the first to come and propose the family their services . 
  it was already illegal , but then some of these medical guys made it worse by purposely harming people close to death so that they can get their money from the funeral company . 
  for example injecting them with pavulon which is useful in some cases , but in other can bring death . 
  there was a huge scandal and they are jailed obviously , but the reputation hit 's still there . 
  as for firefighters - voluneer service is one thing , and nobody can blame them for having a second job , but there are also proffesional , paid firefighters , and they have some priviledges from communist times , that make some people jelaous . 
  for example even if you were working in office in firefighting departmen - you can retire at 40 . 
  at least that was the case a few years ago , maybe that changed , i od n't know . 
  you can see the 1939 borders in poland . 
  the underdeveloped west and north , 
   he was n't designed to intimidate anyone . 
  he was shouting `` i will kill all pis-members '' ( or pis-supporters , depending how you interprete it ) . 
  another example of ( prevented ) terror in poland - http://www.rmf24.pl/raporty/raport-udaremniony-zamach/udaremniony-zamach-fakty/news-brunon-kwiecien-przyznal-sie-ale-nie-poczuwa-sie-do-winy,nid,1096316 also we had many cases of violence towards state officials and civilians after ww2 , that would have been called terror , but are n't because it was performed by `` the cursed soldiers '' against communists . 
  and it was after ww2 . 
  it 's the case of `` our terrorists are freedom fighters '' . 
  we had terrorist attacks in poland , they just were n't labeled as such because they were n't performed by muslim immigrants . 
  why not ? 
  at some point threat / cost to avoid is so low it 's best to do nothing . 
  it 's like late 80s , but there 's just one russian soldier in the city . 
  refusing to do what we promised is affecting the diplomacy and economy already . 
  if eu falls because of all the crisises and disagreements poland will be one of the biggest losers . 
  comparing that to the relatively small costs of immigration we would bear is just insane . 
  poverty and political isolation has very real costs , including in human lives . 
  if poland was n't in eu - we would be much less wealthy , and there would be tousand more deaths . 
  comparing that to few hundred people dead because of terrorists - it 's still a good deal , even if we had the same problems france has now . 
  of course people would shout me to death that i 'm unrealistic leftist scum , or that i do n't care for the terrorist victims . 
  but looking at this from strictly rational pov - if you spend money on terror prevention instead of on roads - you are increasing amount of deaths in you country . 
  if you spend money on terror prevention instead of healthcare ( especially the early detection programs ) - you are increasing the amount of deaths . 
  and choosing to be marginalized or isolated in eu is making poland economicaly worse of , in exchange for false hopes of security , in a matter that even in the worst affected eu countries kills insignificant number of people . 
  poland : not really . 
  poland was  99 % polish last time i 've checked . 
  now it 's probably more like 97 % , because there 's many ukrainians there after their currency made working in poland very profitable , but very few people have anything against them ( they are n't that different from poles ) . 
  are you suggesting poles will look at succesfull model of islamized cities and try to immitate them by absorbing their religion ? 
  why do you care how many people will immediately escape to germany from poland ? 
  they escaped to the west ( with some exceptions , like mamid khalidow ) . 
  same thing would happen with these new refuges btw . 
  so the polish media and politicians are making huge deal out of a matter that does n't really change anything for poles . 
  i think in this particular subject you should n't shout `` it 's not us ''  . 
  btw germans were there too . 
  poland is the most religious and the most welcoming of these 4 . 
  czech republic is the least religious and the 2-nd least welcoming . 
  also , at least in poland , it 's the young people that are the most anti-immigration ( and they are less religious than old people on average ) . 
  hard to make it about religion , really , or at least the correlation isnt ' the way you propose . 
  obiviously . 
  democracy is n't the same as tyrany of majority , and being democratc does n't absolve you of the international law . 
  btw , poland is the only big country in v4 , and it has majority supporting the refuges ( taking them temporarily , with many conditions ) . 
  if you added up the populations and counted the votes together it 's possible that the majority would still support taking refuges temporarily . 
   allegedly he wanted the document to be found . 
  how can ministry confirm what dead people thought before death ? 
  i do n't doubt they had the passports and that they moved as the documents show . 
  i just find the explanation `` it clearly was planned to make immigration policy look bad '' much weaker ( and suspiciously convenient ) than `` it means they used that passport '' .
