  it was n't just a non-aggression pact . 
  it was a military alliance . 
  that pact was what allowed germany to start ww2 . 
  otherways it would be afraid to start war with uk and france on one side , poland on another , and no easy acces to romanian oil . 
  ussr did what was easy and profitable for them - allied with hitler . 
  shame it 's not taught in russia . . 
  they still think ww2 started in 1941 . 
  btw poland 's pi\u0142sudski asked france and uk to preventively attack nazi germany together with poland in early thirties when germany started arming up . 
  they declined because they wanted balance of power and too weak germany was as bad as too strong germany . 
  also wars were n't popular with western public opinion after ww1 . 
  they still got war , but on worse conditions . 
  while we 're taking the bodies out of the closet : ribbentrop-molotov pact rings any bell ? 
  that was the reason ww2 even happened . 
  i 'm reading a book about science in germany under hitler right now  he fucked it up completely . 
  germany gives no fucks about jewish physics . 
  ftfy, 
  well , he was foreign minister of ukraine for a short time after orange revolution , so it 's not like he 's completely new face . 
  well , madonna is business , behemoth is a human right . 
  1930s is the new black . 
  no , annexion of part of slovakia would be full putin . 
  that 's just 3 decyputins . 
  it 's also weird because millions years ago there was sea over the whole poland except mountains . 
  on this map only small part of poland is under the sea . 
  i wonder what changed . 
  maybe not impressive , but notice that it 's non-linear , and the rate of change is accelerating . 
  well for last 15 years the global average temperatures did go up . 
  of course you need smoothed average , because of noise and yearly differences , but still , the temperatures go up . 
  http://www.nhm.ac.uk/resources-rx/images/1008/global-temperature-graph-69264-1.jpg and that 's despite the fact that there are untypicaly few solar flares recently , so the temperature could go a little higher if not for the calm solar weather last few decades . 
  why ? 
  global warming says that the average global temperature will go up by a few degrees in the next fe decades . 
  it 's easily testable statement - wait 20 years while measuring temperatures . 
  i prefer religions that preach testable statements . 
  that 's the shortest summary of bible i 've seen . 
   what 's the end game in allowing russia to descend to levels of corruption associated with pakistan and bangladesh ? 
  profiting from it . 
  also making the important people support you ( they can steal quitely so they help keep the system working ) . 
   fake elections and that kind of bullshit would not work in finland . 
  they somehow worked in poland after ww2 even though the last guerilla fighter opposing communist were killed in 1963 . 
  with enough army you can make everything work . 
  they may consider invading baltic countries to result in better balance from the us domination . 
  but i 'm sure you will find a better excue by then . 
  makes sense . 
  much easier to beat up people when press is too scared to inform others about that . 
  polish , english , a little bit of german . 
  that 's buerauocracy cost , 
  right . 
  `` they kill millions of their citizens for nothing '' and `` they call platypus  schnabeltier < '' are exactly as good reasons for war . 
  knee-jerk pacifism grinds my gears . 
  good for germany . 
  he 's seen as hungarian kaczy\u0144ski . 
  so the half of poles who like kaczy\u0144ski like orban , and the other half ( who does n't like kaczy\u0144ski ) does n't like orban . 
  it 's a little complicated now that orban implicitly supports putin regarding ukraine , 
  actually , `` those-who-suck '' is better translation of `` ssaki '' than mine . 
  they like each other . 
  ukip and farage is popular in right-wing circles in poland for example . 
  beats me why , but there it is . 
  in polish it 's `` ssak '' = `` sucking '' , 
  mining and military industry are probably the only ones where protectionism makes sense . 
  mining is stealing from future generations . 
  you have to be sure it 's worth it . 
  and they voted them for second term recently . 
  majority voted these leaders . 
  what happened to hungarians ? 
  they were always a little better of than poles , a little more capitalistic and progressive . 
  now they seem to move backward . 
  even supporting putin invasion on ukraine : /, 
   also , it has nothing to do with the point at hand well of course it has sth to do . 
  if you want to trace the money poland lends to moldova to france contribution to eu , then you can just as well trace them further , for example to french warship deal with russia . 
  you can say these money are n't the same , but that 's the exact problem - money are interchangeable . 
  that 's one of many reasons why tracing money such way is stupid - you can choose whichever source you want , and you wo n't be wrong ( or right ) . 
  another reasons include impossibility to look at the end result in closed feedback system like global economy , and the fact that most of the money in circullation is actually debt , and the more people borrow each other - the more economic activity is going on . 
  by trying to flatten the structure and sum up all debts you discount most of the world economy , 
  russia also invest in only 2 cities , 
   i think singularity has already happened - it 's called the industrial revolution . 
  we have already left the exponential part of the sigmoid . 
  just you wait till we know how to program dna on the fly . 
  xixth and xxth century will look like middle ages . 
   and west itself is decaying and slowly destroyed by immigrants and perverts . 
  yeah , the west was already decadent and decaying in fifties according to soviet propaganda . 
  old polish joke : - so , you 've been to the decadent west ? 
  - yeah . 
  - is it decaying ? 
  - but what a beautifull death that is ... 
  turned out west is still decaying and still a place to migrate to , and ussr is no more . 
   hold on , we 're talking about politics here and i 'm pretty sure leaders around the world are respecting the fact that putin is a leader of a world power , otherwise they would n't be taking him seriously right . 
  few weeks ago after phone call with putin angela merkel said he `` lost contact with reality '' and is `` living in another world . '' . 
  source : http://fullcomment.nationalpost.com/2014/03/04/angela-merkel-says-putins-lost-contact-with-reality-by-invading-crimea/ acting unpredictably and waving your military dick around make people pay attention , but does n't make them respect you . 
  i think russian leaders could do well to learn the difference between fear and respect . 
  respected ! = feared . 
  otherways north korea is respected world leader  people fear mad dog , but they do n't respect him . 
  imagine you live in a middle class family . 
  poor family moves in as your neighbors , then one day member of that family goes on rampage , kills half of his family , burns down their family house , then break into your house , robbs it and drives away with your car . 
  yes - his family had it worse than yours , but that does n't mean you like them . 
  especially that half of this family still says `` it was a cool guy anyway , shame that the police caught him '' . 
  stereotypes and simplification ahead . 
  dinking in poland : 1-5 beers a week , a few bottles of w\u00f3dka once every few months ( on a huge occasion ) . 
  drinking in uk : 5 drinks every night . 
  my least favorite stereotype about poland is internal one : division into poland a and b. 
  poles often know less about the biggest cities from the opposite part of poland , than they know about states in usa . 
  furry lobby hath spoken .
