  all the terror victims in europe are nothing compared to victims of coal powerplants in poland , and nobody cares ( and we 're subsidizing them from taxes at each level ) . 
  if people were n't irrational we should just ignore terrorists and they would become much less common ( because why do sth if it does n't work ) . 
  jail people for 14 days with no charges is a common practice ? 
  show me where . 
  they do have to have warrant , and that stays in the law . 
  i think the idea is to require sellers to register all people buying sim-cards . 
  otherways it makes no sense whatsoever . 
  the private property is already possible ( and i think it 's the same in any country - they still have to have court decision to do that iiuc ) . 
  the change is just that now they can do it at any time of day ( so they can enter at 03:00 and for example put drugs in your closet while you 're sleepy and do n't know what 's happeneing ) . . 
  buy an used number . 
  give some money to some hobo to buy it for them . 
  lots of ways to workaround this , if you want to . 
  but he was a king of hungary . 
  catherine the great was german too . 
  sth like half of polish kings were n't polish . 
  listener phones to radio erywan . 
  `` you said , that on the red square in moscow they give away cars for free . 
  is it true ? '', 
  `` essentialy yes , just it 's not in mosow , but in pskov ; not cars , but bicycles ; and not give away , but steal '', 
   btw , one time , we , france , actually recreated poland from the ashes , but now the polish would rather spit on france because ww2 you 're in the national anthem because of that . 
  well , napoleon is . 
   when was the last wave of refugees form poland ? 
  in 80s . 
  unless you count economic migrants - then in 2004-2008 + -, 
   without wars sigismund the holy roman emperor , when he was a king of hungary planned partition of poland between hungary , teutonic order , holy roman empire , and moravia . 
  it was around 1392 and it failed because ( of all things ) teutonic order disagreed . 
  later in 1410 when we were fighting teutonic order under grunwald hungarian army invaded poland and burned nowy s\u0105cz . 
  he also sided with teutonic order in 1420 in wroc\u0142aw giving a verdict favorable to teutonic order , which later caused another teutonic order - polish war . 
  hungarian-polish relations are n't that different from our relations with other neighbors ( with the exception of russia and prussia ) . 
  it 's pretty arbitrary ( you could make similar argument to show lithuania , belarus , romania , or even saxony or turkey be our `` brothers '' ) , but friendship ca n't be bad , right , so whatever . 
  it was designed to be painful . 
  seriously - go read about it https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/monopoly_%28game%29, 
  katherine the great was german . 
  was tzar russia non-russian then ? 
  stefan batory was hungarian . 
  was commonwealth not polish-lithuanian because of that ? 
  hitler was austrian . 
  was 4rd reich not german because of that ? 
  it 's not . 
  yup it 's mediocre . 
  still much better game design than monopoly , 
   all its constitutive nations . 
  except russian that is , 
  what do you mean by polish ? 
  these were mostly ruthenian bojars or lithuanian dukes etc. 
  and they have spoken ruthenian language ( increasingly also polish and/or bad latin ) . 
  as for `` citizenship '' - they were under lithuanian administration . 
  tbh most of commonwealth-era litwa was really ruthenia = bia\u0142oru\u015b , 
  is criticism of 3rd reich also a criticizm of modern germany ? 
  only if they identify with it  same with russia . 
  if they choose to identify with totalitarian state - sorry but that 's what you get when you root for the `` bad guys '' . 
  in poland yeah is `` no ''  but it 's pronounced differently than english no - without the long `` ow '' at the end . 
  you were never in glorious commonwealth . 
  it 's possible because we do nothing to stop it . 
  poland is n't underrated imho . 
  there 's lots of tourists . 
  but there 's also lots of places that people never hear about that are just as great as the few crowded tourist traps ( krak\u00f3w , warszawa , zakopane , auschwitz ) . 
  for example : - everybody go to auschwitz , nobody go to majdanek . 
  majdanek is the best preserved death camp , and it 's also much better to see the death camp without all the tourist crowds - everybody see krak\u00f3w ( and rightly so ) , and warszawa ( never understood why ) . 
  people do n't even hear about other historic cities . 
  especially misleading because poland had always mixed influences of east ( jewish , russian , armenian ) , west ( german , italian , hapsburg ) , and north ( hanzeatic ) . 
  novadays people only see krak\u00f3w ( hapsburg + italian influences ) . 
  - everybody see zakopane and tatry mountains . 
  few foreigners see bieszczady mountains or beskid mountains . 
  some photos to show what i 'm talking about places worth seeing : http://www.skyscrapercity.com/showthread.php?t=1507998, 
  never met a french tourist . 
  you 're welcome , lithuanians . 
  the world looks surprisingly similar to how it would look if my model of reality is wrong . 
  surely my eyes are mistaken , or someone is feeding me false data . 
  good to know , i assumed german pronounciation . 
  sch = one sound . 
  or even tsch . 
  are guns even better at stopping people from shooting than a taser ? 
  i 've heard stories about people that shot others before dying ( on war , but i imagine it 's similar ) . 
  well , your argument was `` kill them so they do n't get out of jail '' . 
  do n't blame me for showing how stupid it is , or for the fact that it does n't represent usa . 
  if you kill them you get dead people . 
  you wo n't even know if they were really terrorists , and if they have some helpers that will still do an attack . 
  if you capture them you may learn sth and prevent the attack . 
  or it may turn out they were n't terrorists or even bandits ( yeah , not likely , but stranger things had happened ) . 
  yeah . 
  better kill all suspected people on the spot . 
  it 's like che guevara t-shirts . 
  he murderer lots of innocent people , but he symbolized rebelion so whatever . 
   but there 's going to be a nato summit in warsaw not sure yet . 
  well , yeah , but not to this degree . 
  today they fired the journalist that showed last kod protest in tvp despite ban from higher ups . 
  many other employees left in solidarity with her . 
  you can buy black powder guns with no permission whatsoever ( also depends when they were designed , but most antique weapons and their modern replicas are ok ) . 
  six-shot blackpowder revolvers are ok as a self-defence weapon , if you really think you need one - nobody 's going to stop you . 
  the reason poles are most disarmed society in europe is - you really do n't need a gun in poland . 
  translation : you can buy semiauto ak-47 with sport/collectors licence . 
  they were arabs , sure , but how do you know they were muslims ? 
  mainstream polish media , especially rmf . 
  not national ones , either ( these are shit since last few months ) . 
  there was bank robery in 2015 . 
  some uk guy with an image of a gun  http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/worldnews/europe/poland/11804393/british-man-arrested-in-warsaw-trying-to-hold-up-a-bank-armed-only-with-paper.html also in my village near lublin in local bank there was a robbery around 2005 . 
  i 'm sure there are some bank robberies every year , it 's just nothing big . 
  i was n't alive then . 
  but yes - the idea was good , especially for the time .
