  so yeah , you 're confirming my interpretation , even though who is n't an authorithy when it comes to polish constitution interpretation . 
   judges wo n't be removed from judiciary . 
  they will be removed from their positions , and they will be removed from active participation in any judiciary work ( moved to retirement , however `` stan spoczynku '' is translated in english ) . 
  not gon na fly . 
  here , have an opinion by actual constutitional lawyer : http://wiadomosci.gazeta.pl/wiadomosci/7,114871,22122265,pis-owska-reforma-sadow-oczami-konstytucjonalisty-wszystkie.html, 
  how is it not true ? 
  the system where judges can not be removed executive nor legislative power , as said in constitution , and the system where they can , despite the constitution saying otherways , are two very different systems . 
  so it 's a change of the system . 
  and it was n't done the proper , legal way ( change the constitution ) , so it 's with violence . 
  violence does n't have to be physical . 
  where 's skewing ? 
   opposition can be accused of that even now can be accused . 
  and even jailed , if pis has its judges . 
  does n't make it true , though . 
  the elections were very unlucky ( 37 % of votes -  51 % of seats ) , but they have no 66 % required to change the constitution , so no need to `` deal with it '' . 
  government is breaking the constitution ( that specifically says in article 180 : `` judges can not be removed '' ) . 
  art . 
  before that , they alse broke the constitution by removing judges from constutitional tribunal , and putting thir own , so that now they can introduce any law no matter what constitution says , because their supporters in ct will say it 's ok . why should we `` deal with it '' ? 
  it 's blatant violation of rule of law . 
  it 's kinda true , though . 
  before he was in solidarity he probably ( there are still some doubts about the documents ) was a collaborator with communist security for money . 
  he resigned afterwards , but it 's enough to cast a shadow . 
  that 's why he is n't doing much good for opposition by participating in these protests as an icon . 
  he 's doing more harm than good right now . 
  let others do the talking . 
  it 's not law working backward . 
  mps that voted for a law that changed the polish governing system against constitution ( where it 's written that judges are independent of legislative and executive power , and that judges of the supreme court are `` unremoveable '' ) without changeing the constitution first - are guilty of crimes described in articles 127 and 128 of kodeks karny : https://www.arslege.pl/kodeks-karny/k1/s195/  \u00a7 1 . 
  yeah , you are more likely to be beaten up for being gay in poland , than in oslo , even accounting for immigrants . 
  but do come , you 're welcome . 
  just do n't have unreasonable expectations . 
  if you watch polish national tv you 'd think france , germany , etc are a war zone , and everybody there dream of living in poland because of constant threat of rape and terror . 
  pis has really good pr team , i have to give that to them . 
  no , not all . 
  just some . 
  even during communism they never jailed everybody . 
  how is that ok ? 
  ideologically they are closer to fascism , true . 
  not yet . 
  president ( from pis ) , and senate ( mostly pis ) has to sign it . 
  and then constutitional court ( illegaly replaced by pis several months ago ) has to approve it if anybody challenges its constutitionality , which people will do . 
  so yeah , a few months more . 
  not as leftist as pis though . 
  poland is not yet lost, 
  police said 14000 in warsaw , but that 's bullshit . 
  there were ~ 50 000 in warsaw when pis dismantled constutitional court , and today it was much more . 
  more people voted po in previous elections than pis in this elections . 
  more people voted parties other than pis in this elections than pis . 
  37.5 % voted pis , to be exact . 
  no poll ever gave pis more than 42 % , and usually it 's around 35 % . 
  so no , `` majority '' of poles do n't support pis . 
  no matter which metrics you use . 
  it will be hungary in the best case ( electoral law making it almost impossible to change goverenment without 70 % against it ) , and belarus in the worst case ( they have the courts , we 're jsut counting on their decency now not to use them ) . 
  minimal salary rose 243 % in last 13 years ( since entering eu in 2004 ) . 
  7.1 % per year on average . 
  from 800 pln gross to 2000 pln gross now . 
  we 're getting there . 
  if politicians do n't fuck it up . 
  hungary could you mind your own business , please . 
  poland stronk . 
  aint need no any europe . 
  depends how many rounds it carries , 
  but it 's targeted at polish government to stop messing with rule of law , not at poland in general . 
  it 's most probably pr stunt to show how independent he is . 
  he vetoed no law so far iirc . 
  the problem has multiple sides . 
  1 . both president 's and pis versions are not compatible with constitution ( judges ca n't be removed without a court case ) , they would need to change that , and they do n't have 2/3 votes to change constitution . 
  2 . both versions allow the government in practice to threat judges with disciplinary commisions and removing them on an excuse . 
  3 . both versions allow pis to change all chairman of regional courts in poland . 
  pis already has direct control over persecutors , and used it to shut down inconvenient cases before they went to court ( see pis senate member bierecki , who was responsible for overseeing skok banks for 2 decades , and was caught at corruption on many levels , and malversation of the money through luxemburg accounts ) . 
  he was in commision overseeing the banks , his private company was doing the reports for his own commision and he took money that way , he was on board of some skok banks he was controlling , and he also transfered some money to accounts in luxemburg to a company he co-owns there with his family , just before that particular skok defaulted . 
  bierecki case was terminated by persecution after pis joined ministry of justice and general persecutor 's office into one position . 
  skok banks are still defaulting left and right . 
  duda version of the law is slightly better , but in practice not by much . 
  in the linked source you can find other stats . 
  for civil and commercial cases poland is 13th among 25 eu countries that provide data . 
  of course there 's a room for imporovement , but it 's hardly `` we 're so bad we need to break constitution and fire everybody asap '' . 
  also pis provide no mechanism for how their changes will improve the situation . 
  you mean removing pis ? 
  100 % agree . 
   courts are completely ineffective . 
  in some cases people wait for years for any kind of judgement . 
  https://www.wykop.pl/cdn/c3201142/comment_uenkl0xfnw8jd1ks1m8ffd99cglzyavj.jpg source : http://ec.europa.eu/newsroom/document.cfm?doc_id=43918 only 4 countries in eu have shorter time to verdict for administrative cases , than poland . 
  of course there are outliers , but these happens everywhere . 
  i agree we 're not perfect , and i 'd like to fix many things ( mostly transparency stuff , like videorecording the whole process in addition to stenotypes , and automaticaly publishing the anonymized version of the recording ) . 
  but the way pis `` fixes '' things is only making them worse . 
  and they misdiagnose problems , and weak opposition ca n't change the subject , so pis narrative dominates the debate . 
  nobody factchecks them somehow . 
   the reform is necessary why would that be ? 
  i 'm not against it in principle , just wondering what your arguments are . 
  not globaly . 
  in usa for exampl the difference is rather well established , but you can argue it 's cultural . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/variability_hypothesis there are studies confirming and rejecting this hypothesis , but few globaly comparable ones ( because usually the samples are not random , because it 's high school or university students ) . 
  there is one study showing greater variability for men : http://cep.lse.ac.uk/pubs/download/cp288.pdf you can find studies showing the contrary too , but usually not globaly comparable results . 
  there 's plenty of competition in polish schools , yet girls thrive even more . 
  average iq is similar , but more boys are very smart and very dumb compared to less divergent girls . 
  so there 's more girls smart enough to graduate , and more boys stupid enough to go to jail . 
  and more boys smart enough for engineering or communications . 
  http://imgur.com/a/npulv edit : the crossed out areas should go the other way ( towards + inf iq , not 0 iq ) in m.a. 
  and $ categories by the way , i made the graph in hurry . 
  you get the idea anyway .
