  they have made communist procurator from martial law times a pariament member . 
  he was writing sentences in 80s for opposition members and got medal from communist government in 1983 . 
  now he will be decominizng these opposition members from 80s . 
  sorry , onlly in polish wikipedia : https://pl.wikipedia.org/wiki/stanis%c5%82aw_piotrowicz_ ( polityk ) it 's all very funny . 
  krak\u00f3w is much better for tourists . 
  warszawa ( warsaw ) is a dozen highscrapers , small fake old town , and square miles of commieblocks/socreal tenament houses . 
  also warszawa is build for cars , not people . 
  there are nato planes stationed in baltics at all times ( different countries which do have planes send them every few months ) and they react each time . 
  they do n't shoot because russian planes are just pretending they are going to violate estonia ( or other countries ) airspace , and turn back just before ( sometimes they turn back too late , but it 's very short violation , so whatever ) . 
  situation probably would be different if estonia bordered a country where planes bomb various installations . 
  you do n't want your cities to be bombed by mistake . 
  war is the path to peace . 
  peace is the target to peace , 
  i know , but it pretended to vote against , both mainstream parties tried to outdo each other in anti-immigrant rethoric after pis started anti-refuges campaign , and on eu forum they shouted once and again how we wo n't accept anybody and how we support hungary etc. 
  we should have done the exact opposite . 
  shout that we are pro-eu and will accept tons of immigrants ( and accept a few dozens 1000s of them voluntarily ) , but vote against mandatory quotas . 
  how dare we expect russian not to invade countries and annex parts of them . 
  good job , pis and po supporters and politicians . 
  especially pis ( which started the media campaign against immigrants in poland ) . 
  try arguing for eu solidarity now . 
  nope , we just eat them ( divide among guests on monday breakfast , like op\u0142atek on xmas eve ) . 
  nah , they are blessed by priests , and used as mana potions . 
  my bad , but i blame english . 
  `` eucharyst = holy mass '' , so christ mass should be `` christmass '' not `` christmas '' . 
  for poland : - christmas ~ ~ s ~ ~ ( the most celebrated part is christmas ~ ~ s ~ ~ eve on 24th - almost every family celebrates this together , it 's traditionaly no-meat day , you can only eat meat and drink alcohol after the midnight mass . 
  even non-catholic poles often celebrate the day with families , it 's sort of like american `` thanksgiving '' - the whole family comes together , people share the oplatek and are supposed to forgive each other and wish each other well ) - easter ( monday after great sunday is free , kids and youth run around with water guns and buckets of water soaking girls ( it often turns into open-air water gun battles ) , also before the holidays you are supposed to paint eggs http://staropolskasztuka.blox.pl/resource/pisanka14.jpg but it 's less common these days , a shame , because it 's lots of fun , in my region we use steel ink pen , heat it over a candle , soak it in wax , and paint lines on the eggs , then boil the eggs with onion peels and the lines turn yellow , while eggs turn nice brown - 1st november ( day of the dead - go to cementaries where your family members are buried , light a lamp and pray for them - half of poland drives 100s of kilometers that day each year ) - 31 december ( party hard , launch fireworks , cure hangover on the 1st january ) - 3rd may constitution ( together with 1st may it forms long weekend - take a leave for 3 days - have 9 consecutive free days ) - 11th november independence day ( most people enjoy free day with families , some people march to show their patriotism , others to show their xenophoby , others just search for an occasion to beat someone up , last few years it was customary to burn the monument of rainbow in warsaw , but it was dismantled this year ) there 's a few more , but less important . 
  applied teology . 
  it 's the choice that matters , not the real source of gas . 
  as long as we can switch at any point we can continue to buy russian gas . 
  not only . 
  we have gas sources in poland ( roughly 30 % of consumption ) , and we can get gas from germany , czec republic , slovakia , and through \u015awinouj\u015bcie lpg terminal . 
  once \u015awinouj\u015bcie is working at 100 % capacity we 're practicaly independent . 
  but yes , the pipe to norway was a good idea , and sld ( and miller personaly ) should be put to jail for selling out to russia and canceling it . 
  leszek miller and sld paid back his debts to moscow . 
  so glad he 's out of parliament forever . 
  it takes them 80 years , on average . 
  impossible to enforce with all these military surplus shops selling them . 
  it 's just pis trolling . 
  they already said they are n't working on entering the nuclear weapons sharing programme : http://www.polskieradio.pl/5/3/artykul/1554003,bron-atomowa-w-polsce-jest-oficjalna-odpowiedz-ministerstwa-obrony pis do this shit all the time - say one thing , wait for reaction , say they never meant to do that . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/succession_of_states#soviet_union russian feeration declared itslef to be the successor to ussr and international community agreed to this . 
  wtf ? 
  where ? 
  do n't you have public-private key systems in uk ? 
  duda is anakin in this relationship . 
  kaczy\u0144ski is the palpatine . 
  worried that we will go hungarian ( or even turkish ) way . 
  reduce democracy , move away from eu . 
  this is a reasonable policy for turkey ( ignoring the personal liberties , just looking at geopolitics ) , bad for hungary , and insane for poland . 
  the moment eu falls apart and we are left isolated - we will be in similar situation to 1930s . 
  and we 're actively working on this . 
  and pis courting far-right movements is only making it harder for itself to later turn to more reasonable policy . 
  it 's like half of country went insane . 
  it 's the first time since 1989 that polish president has explicitly broken the constitution . 
  he should be put before the state tribunal , but that requires 2/3 if the votes of parliament , and pis has majority , so not gon na happen . 
  i 'm honestly worried about my country . 
  it 's a very apt symbol of cancer . 
  it 's populist to say `` i will spend more on welfare and lower the taxes '' . 
  to be fair - they also said they will create a new tax paid by malls . 
  their proposition makes no sense , though - it would just increase the food prices ( * ) . 
  as for welfare spending - the single biggest budget position in poland is the retirement fund . 
  ( * ) as it is the pis proposition would apply to basicaly any shop in poland that trades food , even the single family corner shops . 
  if you want to increase food prices just increas the vat on food ( it 's 0-8 % now , when for other stuff it 's 23 % ) , no need for completely new complicated tax , if the end effect is the same . 
  and you 're not actually lowering the taxes `` for regular people '' . 
  you 're just hiding them . 
  hence it 's populism . 
  i was specificaly speaking about the last elections , and about `` such stuff '' . 
  i think it 's clear from my post . 
  korwin is populist in a different way - his ideal country would collapse in a month . 
  but yeah , he 's not promising money . 
  po , nowoczesna , sld , psl , korwin , kukiz , and probably few more i forgot about . 
  that 's just in the last elections . 
  razem kinda did , but at least they admited they will increase taxes to fund it . 
  it 's only clusterfuck if you want to make this ambigious . 
  tribunal decided today that these 2 members voted by po are illegal , but the 3 - are ok ( so pis has to vote 2 members instead of 5 it voted recently ) . 
  they also decided today that president has to take oath from the voted judges `` immediately '' . 
  they specificaly mentioned that president should do this right now . 
  president disobeyed . 
  basicaly he 's puting himself above constitution . 
  i 'm a little surprised that constitutional tribunal behaved as they should ( i expected them to do what pis asked them to - pis have majority after all - kudes to them for doing what law requires ) . 
  i 'm not surprised president is still looking for kaczy\u0144ski to allow him to do what constitution and tribunal requires him to do , but it will be remembered and it will bite him in the end . 
  you can only stretch law so far . 
  btw - i think it 's the first time in 3rd rzeczpospolita polska that president acted directly against constitution and constitution tribunal verdict . 
  imho duda should be impeached , 
  let 's see : - they promised they will lower the taxes for `` regular people '' - they promised they will pay 500 pln every month for each kid how is that not populism ? 
  the only thing more populistic would be `` we will pay you for voting us '' . 
  and that 's relevant to the op because ? 
  the finances were way worse . 
  the expectations were lower , and good jobs ( and luxury ) were n't available no matter what . 
  what 's left - family life . 
  also it helped that there were constant blackouts in 80s , and even when there was electricity - tv had just 2 channels , consisting mostly of dumb politicians in military uniforms talking shit . 
  no internet , no cable tv , nothing happening in the city ( you have to be back home before 22 or militia will bring you back ) . 
  literaly nothing to do except fuck . 
  hence the 80s baby boom , 
  that ditching started with solidarity in 80s . 
  imagine this - people do n't actually like to pay bribes ( do favours , as it was called during communism when money were worthless ) , when they can do anything about it . 
  the shock . 
  on the other hand when your corrupt government has russian ( or soviet , or any other ) army to guarantee its power - you can protest all you want nothing will change ( or more likely - you ca n't protest - you end in jail likein russia or belarus ) . 
  same thing happened in ukraine - majdan in 2004 and 2013 started as a protest against corruption among other things . 
  corruption that was enabled by ukrainian weak state - true - but the russian interests are the main reason ukrainian state remained so weak for so long . 
  would be nice to add crimea ,
