  because degenerate west with homopropaganda and wild muslim crowds are no threat to stronk poland , and russia is somehow not a problem anymore . 
  dunno , their propaganda never made much sense to me . 
  the title is just an opinion of one redditor , 
   he is entitled to his opinion and his view on history , and we 're entitled to ridicule him and the newspaper that decided to publish his views . 
  the first article you referenced is n't quoting any experts , just interpreting the constitution by itself . 
  anonymous journalist `` wb '' from pis-owned newspaper . 
  great constutitional authority  the second newspaper ( also owned by pis ) at least quotes a lawyer , mec . 
  jerzy kwa\u015bniewski , but he 's not an expert in constutitional law . 
  his speciality is `` civil litigation and penal proceedings '' according to his linkedin page . 
  yeah , `` majority '' of experts . 
  you could n't manage to find even 1 constutitional lawyer , or 2 lawyers of any kind to support these changes  btw the propaganda language is just great in these article . 
   `` blabber of grotesque opposition '' , `` rage of judicary caste '' . 
  nice sources you have there . 
  we had much smaller thresholds at first , and there were such interesting parties in the parliament as `` polish party of beer lovers '' . 
  they were funny , sure , but the problem is - their pms were easy to buy by bigger parties , and there 's no point in elections if then your representatives ( knowing they wo n't have second term ) just sell themselves to whoever offers more . 
  well , yeah . 
  if you break the rules you should be thrown away . 
  if rules are bad let people decide on that and change them in a referendum . 
  democracy without rule of law always ends up in tyrany . 
   no where else speaks the language of money ( english ) yeah , where in europe can you find a capital city where people speak english  nowhere , for sure , 
  would be nice to get some to poland . 
  2 years of propaganda in public media , 5 or more years in pis media , and 25 years in rydzyk media . 
  hardly surprising that it worked on some people . 
   laws should not be permanent and eternal , they are not . 
  but you can not change such laws without significant (  66 % of half the voting population ) support . 
  and pis does n't have such support , not even close . 
   the option of `` fuck off '' or `` stop whining '' does not progress or advance the eu in any way southern eu complained for decade or more that they can not deal with the immigrants/refuges by themselves . 
  they were heard by the big eu countries . 
  poland under pis rule said `` why should we care '' , and got people to support that because of irrational fear fueled by propaganda . 
  meanwhile poland benefited greatly from eu economic transfers ( ~ 1 % of gfp ) , reputation of stability that attracts foreign investment , transparency and anti-corruption laws , access to open market ( 1/3rd of polish gdp is export to eu ) , support in international talks ( energy policy , eu-russia trade disputes , etc ) . 
  it 's no wonder that a government that accuses eu and ngos of being `` soros puppets , leftists , and communists '' does n't have the best pr in eu , and have a hard time achieving anything there . 
  it was a conscious choice of pis , they have choosen to ignore international politics , and only use eu-poland relations as a tool of internal politics ( showing eu as enemy , and politicians who support poland in eu with both priviledges and responsibilities that come with that - as traitors ) . 
  if pis ca n't be bothered to deal with a few tousand refuges/immigrants to help italy or greece , and instead uses this as a fuel to internal polish political conflict , and as a tool to deal with opposition in poland - then it 's no wonder eu treats poland under pis rule - instrumentally . 
  pis has not enough internal support to do this long-term , and if eu choose nuclear option ( economic sanctions , including ban on polish export to eu ) - then poland have a worse crisis than greece had , and pis is finished forever . 
  i hope it wo n't get to that , because i 'm a patriot , and it would hurt my country . 
  but it 's possible , and kaczy\u0144ski must understand this . 
  the fact that he continues with anti-eu propaganda , and ignores international politics when it 's not useful for dealing with opposition is very worrying . 
   it 's easy to help anti-corruption and transparency regulations yeah , maybe pis should try , if it 's so easy ? 
   eu lessens the impact of democracy , how so ? 
  you just asserted it with no arguments . 
   the eu 's only bargaining chip is the single market no it 's not . 
  you might not remember this , but one of the reasons we entered eu was to get better institutions , more transparency , less corruption . 
  and it worked . 
  compare ukraine or belarus for countries with similar history , but no eu influence . 
   but most experts claim it is constitutional link to even 3 out of that `` majority '' of experts  here 's some experts who are against : krs ( national council of judges ) - http://www.rp.pl/sedziowie-i-sady/305129934-opinia-krs-w-sprawie-nowelizacji-prawa-o-ustroju-sadow-powszechnych.html#ap-1 main council of advocates - http://www.tvn24.pl/wiadomosci-z-kraju,3/naczelna-rada-adwokacka-wydala-uchwale-w-sprawie-zmian-w-sadownictwie,758004.html helsinki foundation of human rights , amnesty international , association of polish judges iustitia , main council of advocates , and regional council of advocates - https://oko.press/proba-niekonstytucyjnej-zmiany-ustroju-panstwa-prawnicy-o-pis-owskich-zmianach-sadownictwie/ even legislative bureau of senate ( pis has majority in senate , just a reminder ) said it 's unconstutitional : http://senat.gov.pl/gfx/senat/userfiles/_public/k9/dokumenty/opinie/045/o/563o.pdf fun fact - the document was removed from the search engine of senate . 
  eu is significantly improving polish democracy since we started trying to get accepted . 
  many of the anti-corruption laws , and transparency regulations and good practices were introduced to polish system because of eu standards . 
  it 's pis , who is detoriating our institutions ( see what happened with constutitional tribunal , or persecutor 's office ) . 
  it 's quite easy to see who is acting to improve the institutions , and who is n't - just look at the laws they introduce . 
  one of the first laws pis introduced was reversal of po law that added a requirement for all higher positions in public administration to be filled by people that : - were n't in any political party for the last 5 years - had experience in similar job ( private or public ) - participated and won an open competition for the given job pis reverted that law . 
  guess why  or look at the `` fixed '' and `` reformed '' constutitional tribunal . 
  they process less cases than before , the chairman is a judge that was thrown away by coleagues for abusing health leaves and repeatedly misjudging regular court cases ( przy\u0142\u0119bska had over 30 % of her verdicts overruled in appelation ) . 
  her husband was a communist collaborator . 
  and she 's already spoken in media supporting the laws that even pis president said were against the constitution . 
  she 's just great constutitional tribunal chairman . 
  could n't find a better one . 
  oh , and btw the tribunal worked for 13 days this year . 
  on the other hand eu asks to fix the unconstutitional laws . 
  so , who is working to fix our democracy , and who is destroying it ? 
  btw pis got less votes than po in previous elections . 
  they have no mandate to change the constitution . 
  doing so by breaking it and hoping noone will notice is not going to work . 
  the law is not constutitional . 
  constitution says that judges are not removable without a process in a court . 
  poland agreed to eu `` messing '' in polish domestic affairs when lech kaczy\u0144ski signed lisbon treaty . 
  the following  eu [ ... ] just shows that it can not be trusted is just wrong . 
  if anything , it 's pis who shows that it can not be trusted . 
  they break constitution , and fund anti-eu propaganda , that only benefits putin . 
  it 's a quirk . 
  po got more votes and less seats in parliament in both previous elections . 
  never before one party got single majority in parliament , and many parties achieved more votes than pis this elections . 
  the main difference was left wing parties not getting in because of massive sld fuck up . 
  not that i particulary regret them not being there , but single-majority pis is even worse ... 
  yeah , sorry , i was misleading . 
  we use quite reasonable proportional system , but with 5 % threshold for parties and 8 % for coallitions of parties ( if they get less votes they do n't enter ) . 
  it just so happened that korwin party got 4.76 % , razem 3 . something % , and coallition of left-wing parties - just under 8 % , so their seats got proportionally distributed to other parties , and pis with 37 . sth % got over 50 % of seats . 
  president is also from pis and the fact that he vetoed 2 out of 3 unconstutitional judicary reforms was a big surprise , because he signed everything before . 
  government with 37 % support that got ~ 51 % of seats in parliament thanks to voting system quirk , but ca n't change constitution ( needs 66 % for that ) , is instead introducing unconstutitional changes ( they get away with that because they took over constutitional tribunal ) , taking over the courts and other supposedly independent institutions ( supreme court , council that appoints judges , persecutor 's office , constutitional tribunal , council of media , etc ) . 
  their supporters believe it 's to `` purge the institutions from communists '' , while opposition believe it 's to take them over , take revenge on political enemies ( who kaczy\u0144ski accuses of murdering his brother in smole\u0144sk crash ) and rule forever ( supreme court decides if elections were fair among other things ) . 
  the fact , that the reform is done by a former communist persecutor piotrowicz , and that there 's little communist about on average 38 year old judges ( who were 10 when communism fell in poland ) - means i 'm supporting the opposition on that one . 
  it 's an intermediary . 
  instead of connecting directly to whatever service you want on the internet , you can use a proxy , and move all your traffic through it . 
  as far as the target service is concerned - it looks like it 's the intermediary using it , not you . 
  additionally it can be encrypted , so that the intermediares do n't see what is redirected through them . 
  it 's useful for circumventing censorship , regional restrictions , and ( with additional clever tech , like tor , which is basically lots of vpns all randomly redirecting traffic through each other multiple times ) for being more anonymous on the internet ( important for leakers in authoritharian regimes for example ) . 
  he was talking about pis . 
  and was right . 
  as for undemining our position . 
  who is doing this - the guy who speaks privately about his opinion with a friend , or the guy who wiretaps them and publishes it ? 
  i can agree they should n't speak about such stuff in restaurant . 
  but he was n't talking in public . 
  he was talking with his friend over a dinner . 
  they were wiretaped . 
   do n't you think that sikorski threatened our security be saying `` that giving us a blowjob was n't worth anything '' and how we got fucked by usa . 
  but publicly he always said that everything was just perfect . 
  have you read the whole thing ? 
  or just the fragment wprost ( which supports pis ) published ? 
  sikorski said that pis are bad at diplomacy , and will conflict poland with both germany and russia and think all is ok because we have alliance with usa . 
  kinda how it is , do n't you think ? 
  the fact that opposition failed in no way means the `` cure '' is n't going to blow in your face .
