  details matter . 
  you need to think . 
  what you do is take general rule `` government intervention are bad '' and apply it without considering given situation . 
  it 's not a good idea . 
  all rules are rules of thumb . 
  yeah , it 's moving the camera slowly between the shots - they said so under the video ( `` film zrealizowany jest w technice filmowej motion timelapse . 
  = = `` movie made in motion timelapse . 
  regular timelapse is then you shot singular frames in constant intervals of time , motion timelapse additionaly moves the camera between the shots '' ) . 
  not everybody use gsm - in the usa alternative standard cdma has still more users ( source : http://askville.amazon.com/gsm-cdma-terms-cell-phone-service/answerviewer.do?requestid=1688405 ) . 
  and it 's great example of how worse technology can prevail - because of huge barrier to entry people in usa now have 2 standards of cellphone communication , and they ca n't use phone from one provider to connect to the other network , and when they go abroad those that have cdma phone need another one to keep in touch . 
  similiar story is with their unit system . 
  world uses si that is easier and more consistent . 
  they use imperial system - that causes many real problems , the most famous is the crash of mars lander caused by forgetting to convert between imperial and si units . 
  another one - we still use x86 processor architecture that was designed with 8/16 bit processors ( depends on how you count ) in early eighties . 
  now we have 64bit processors with microarchitecture , but they still support instructions and addressing modes used by 8086 processor . 
  nobody uses them , it wastes silicon , half of the instructions does n't make sense fo modern apps , but still everybody desktop computer has this inside . 
  arm processors have much better performance per used power , but still we use x86 . 
  because of backward compatibility and network effects ( more people used x86 than other architecture - so more apps were written for that architecture , so more people used it , etc ) . 
  not everything will `` work out all by itself '' , sometimes sytem stay in local optimum , and needs to be nudged to jump to a better place . 
  because in the beggining existing solution has adventage , and nobody will bother with implementing another one , even if it 's better to have both . 
  it 's called barrier to entry . 
  that 's the reason we still use qwerty keyboard layout instead of dvorak or some other alternative . 
  380 with around 5 lucky guesses . 
  socialism . 
  now let 's look for schools that teach too well . 
  yeah , a march, 
  well , poland regained independence 11th november 1918 , and we have national holiday on that day . 
  you know , like usa independence day . 
  you may hang the national flag , go to walk in a manifestation , if you like . 
  there are celebrations in the most cities of poland , with officials honoring veterans of ww2 and previous wars , etc. 
  i ca n't imagine who thought it 's ok to go to another country to beat people that are celebrating its independence , cause small part of them are neonazi ( of course neonazi groups tried to take advantage of independence day , they steal all symbols they can , still they are marginal minority in poland and were in minority in that manifestation , and besides poland has law prohibiting propagation of totalitarian ideology , so it 's not like antifa was protecting anybody . 
  they could just call police , if somebody was propagatin nazism ) . 
  more like a good step to enable people from poland and ukraine to trade more . 
  we 're natural partners , and polish eu accession made it much harder for regular people to trade , work , educate or invest over the border . 
  regarding the choice of russia/eu / `` balancing on the rope '' that ukraine will have to make at some point - it 's their choice , and being patronizing certainly wo n't help . 
  he got 7 upvotes , cause people associated with antifa somteims are assholes . 
  example - the people that came to poland to polish independence day and fought with people manifesting there . 
  not to say poland do n't have reall neofascist we unfortunately do ( most of onr ) . 
  but that day in warsaw it was just like a football riot - supporters of arbitrary `` groups '' were fighting over nothing in particular , just to have `` fun '' , and regular people that went to manifest on independence day suffered . 
  so yeah - antifa is n't all unicorns and flowers . 
  but from what people say golden dawn is really neofascist party , and should be stopped . 
  i do n't know exactly - around ' 70 ? 
  my parents told me that , and there 's many jokes from communist times about this ( nobody really believed such things ) . 
  yeah , and those damn american imperialists fly above our potato fields and throw the potato bugs down . 
  they actually taught this story in schools during communism . 
  any kind of foreigner suffices where i live . 
  blog of `` a black man in poland '' as he describes himself . 
  for food interpretation i 'd go with white for '' \u017curek '' or `` barszcz bia\u0142y '' soup , and red for `` barszcz czerwony '' soup . 
  and in pierogis department red should go for pierogi z truskawkami ( with strawberries ) . 
  yeah , i understand it was overhyped , nice job , anyway . 
  more books is always nice . 
  i 've read some book about irish monks `` how ireland saved civilisation '' or sth like that , and there was sth about 3 kinds of martyrs - red - those killed , green - those that lived alone in deserted places , and white - going thorught the sea to teach other nations . 
  i thought these colors were adopted ( but somehow red changed to orange ) . 
  polish flag is white over red ( opposite of the polandball ) . 
  there are a few source of the colors . 
  white is supposed to come from the color of the white eagle - when legendary father of polish nation - lech came to this land he seen white eagle flying there - he said there will be his city and created gniezno city ( name comes from `` nest '' in polish ) . 
  some versions of the legend says the eagle was circling high on the background of the red sunset , hence the white and red colors . 
  other says that red background was used because the red pigment was very expansive then , and the prettiest red pigment was one of the export hits of old poland ( made from koszenila bug - we also have month named after that bug - czerwiec - june - because the bug was gathered that month ) . 
  so white from eagle , red to show off that we are rich  during partitions of poland red was supposed to stand for blood and courage and white for innocence/purity and wounds . 
  also - red/white combination is great in a battle - it 's easily recognizable . 
  european economy is in crisis since 2008 . 
  most eu countries had n't seen growth since 3 years . 
  most innovative companies are created elsewhere . 
  asia is growing much faster than europe , and have better education and iq results . 
  western europe is rich because of post-ww2 boom , but it 's not going to work forever . 
  eastern europe is busy getting rich japan and china way , but it 's not doing this fast enough , and there are cheaper countries to outsource to . 
  and demography is going to be huge problem in 20-30 years . 
  the only solution i 've seen is massive immigration that comes with another problems . 
  and it 's nor clear eu will be that attractive destination in 30 years . 
  but we ( not in every eu country btw ) have more progressive laws for homosexuals and gender equality . 
  i have nothing against these laws , but i do n't think such matters are as important as economy , innovation , demography or education . 
  i think you overestimate europe position in the world `` a little '' . 
  that 's eu common agricultural policy for you - paying people not to produce food , 
  poland has substantial amount of very small land owners that only produce food for their needs or to sell on local food market , that 's basically hidden unemployement . 
  they could easily increase their output 2-3 times using the machines , workforce and land they already have . 
  it 's just that there 's no demand , and there are eu limits , so they live cheaply , migrate in season to netherland , germany , norway , etc. 
  imho russia is n't europe  but yeah - putin qualifies as dictator , too . 
  it 's just that russia has oil and gas , so europe ca n't make putin too angry . 
  belarus do n't have anything useful for europe . 
  maybe belarus could help , 
  in poland most young people vote center-right parties , even though many of young poles are atheists or agnostic . 
  most think economy ( and view of history ) matters more than these social issues . 
  but supporting right or left have nothing to do with religion ? 
  now ( after eu accession ) it 's more political and dyplomatic issue than real immigration problem . 
  why fly to usa when you can work in uk , ireland , france or germany ? 
  i got mad . 
  it 's more complicated than that . 
  for one - both polish left and right ( except for upr-like parties that have < 2 % support every elections sine nineties ) are for free public education up to university and free healthcare . 
  it 's considered democrat = = left in usa , and neutral in poland . 
  meanwhile most poles see themselves as big suporters of free market , want to stop bureaucracy , want to cut the budget deficit , decrease the taxes etc. 
  i 'd say on the usa scale poland is more democratic than usa , but wants to go right , when usa is more republican , but wants to go left . 
  i doubt it 's because of romney  first of all - wa\u0142\u0119sa refuted this support later . 
  also - poles do n't generally like recent usa foreign politic ( usa changed their plans regarding missile defense after agreeing on it with us , leaving us hanging high , we still do n't see any benefits of engagement in iraq and afghanistan , still no visa-free travel to usa for poles , also obama had n't been to late polish president funeral ) . 
  all in all , even though i do n't like wa\u0142\u0119sa , i can understand why he did n't wanted to speak with obama . 
  let 's hope there will be eu in 2032 . 
  so eu gets money and increased population . 
  why is this bad , exactly ? 
  clearly you 've never drank \u017bo\u0142\u0105dkowa gorzka . 
  especially the one with pepermint . 
  no hangover , great taste .
