  on swimming pools some people are taking a shower nude after swimming . 
  few people protest that . 
  same with taking a shower after sports classes in school . 
  at least in `` my times '' at shool ( 15 years ago ) . 
  boys would laugh off the kids that tried to `` hide '' ( but then kids are assholes to each other ) . 
  in sauna it 's ok to be nude . 
  i guess such monument would n't fly in modern usa . 
  it causes no problems in poland : http://2.bp.blogspot.com/-ppn2zqso_qq/t8peghucubi/aaaaaaaaikc/f_s3tiwde0o/s1600/20120526-untitled+ ( 63 + of +121 ) . jpg there are nudist beaches ( but few of them ) . 
  it 's one data point , irrelevant in the great scheme of things ( just like all such emotional stories posted by both sides were irrelevant ) . 
  in a country of 80\u00a0000\u00a0000 you can find 100 examples to support any argument . 
  publish them in media every 2 days and people will be persuaded that your argument is 100 % true , no matter if there were 10000 examples to the contrary . 
  unfortunately people react to stories of particular people better than to statistics . 
  it begins . 
  chmielnicki uprising started because of a woman , 
  yup . 
  to convert prussians to catholicism . 
  basicaly conquer them  but : - technicaly it was n't poland , but konrad mazowiecki - the prince of mazovia ( at the time poland was divided into separate provinces with loosely connected piast princes , and the ruling province was lesser poland = krak\u00f3w , not mazovia ) - konrad mazowiecki had his reasons - prussians were invading his province and his defence system became ineffective after he ordered to torture and kill previous military leader ( wojewoda ) because politics - there was almost 200 years between invitation , and the criticizing , and the criticizing guy was from krak\u00f3w , not mazovia ( at that time poland was united around krak\u00f3w , but mazovia remained a separate country ) but yeah , it was ironic . 
  yes there were pogroms , but they were illegal . 
  jews were the middle management used by nobles as administrators , bankers , inkeepers , etc. 
  so nobles protected them , and peasants hated them ( and owed them money ) . 
  also there were pogroms all over europe , and poland was n't particulary active in that regard ( at least not untill 19th century , and not when you adjust for jewish population ) . 
  there was a reason so many jews moved there through centuries . 
  no i mean the same group . 
  they were subject to some law changes during commonwealth times , but you 're right it started before union . 
  i 'm not butthurt , just interested . 
  he 's the villian in henryk sienkiewicz books . 
   thanks to them the icon of blcak madonna has scars on her face . 
  that 's a myth . 
  http://www.historycy.org/index.php?showtopic=98731 yes it was stolen by czech bandits , but they were n't hussites and the motive was money . 
  there were also a few poles among them . 
  and they did n't hit the painting with sword - the painting was valuable and the destruction ( 3 planks of the painting were separated ) was by accident most probably . 
  after recovering and repairing the painting the scars were created by painter on purpose to memorize the event . 
  is he a hero in lithuania ? 
  yup , i 'm just providing context . 
  it 's rz\u0119dzian line from trilogy by henryk sienkiewicz . 
  inherit or be granted , yes . 
  mostly inherit . 
   what lead to such a proliferation of protestant , muslim and jewish nobles since they must have represented a tiny fraction of the population ? 
  actually there were lots of protestants in poland at the time , especially among the well-off people . 
  there were whole protestant cities . 
  poland was underpopulated so polish kings imported settlers from western europe and granted them some land and special priviledges like temporary tax exemption and local autonomy ( mostly forming magdeburg-law cities , but also villages and other forms of settlement ) . 
  some of these people were later nobilited . 
  they also spreaded protestantism to polish nobles . 
  if i understand correctly it was fashionable at the time . 
  for example one of the most famous polish poets from that time ( miko\u0142aj rej ) was a protestant . 
  he 's famous for criticizing people for using latin instead of polish . 
  muslims were mostly tatars that were allowed to settle in lithuania in exchange for their service in polish army . 
  some of them escaped from ottomans because of persecution . 
  their leaders were simply granted nobility as a part of the deal . 
  they were important and unique part of polish army even after ww1 - they formed light cavalry units called `` u\u0142an '' - s. regarding jews i might have mislead people a little - there were lot 's of jews in poland , and their situation was comparatively good , but only very few of them were nobles . 
  we only know for sure about descendants of one important jew that baptized ( but his family did n't ) . 
  he became noble so his sons etc. 
  were nobles too , despite their religion . 
  we know for sure because later there were some court case about murder of some jewish guy from this family , and they used the law that applied to nobles . 
  it 's possible that there were more situations like that , but my point was - it was possible . 
  yes it was passed because of the massacre , but it was already the norm , just without legislation ( mostly because there were lot 's of protestant nobles , inlcuding many holding high offices ) . 
  also poland had long history of tolerance even before that . 
  for example in 1414 polish scholar pawe\u0142 w\u0142odkowic delivered a very controversial `` treatise on the power of the pope and the emperor respecting infidels '' . 
  in it he drew the thesis that pagan and christian nations could coexist in peace and criticized the teutonic order for its wars of conquest of native non-christian peoples in prussia and lithuania . 
  due to his influence , in 1421 the pope sent antionio zeno to investigate the teutonic order and its activities . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/pawe%c5%82_w%c5%82odkowic it was motivated politicaly , that polish king choosen him to represent poland , but he was honestly supporting tolerance and peace between nations , even towards `` infidels '' in the middle ages . 
  the contemporary theory was that `` killing infidels to forcibly convert them is a holy deed '' . 
  it 's so weird that poland went `` backwards '' in tolerance , when the world went forward . 
  high point of polish history ( and lithuanian probably ? ) . 
  there were catholic , orthodox , protestant , muslim and even a few jewish nobles , and all had the right to elect kings , vote on laws , taxes , and wars . 
  there were no `` degrees of nobility '' , barones , dukes etc - each noble had the same rights . 
  there were many poor nobles , living no better than peasants , and they still had the same rights . 
  szlachta was betwen 2 % and 10 % of population . 
  higher percentage of people with voting rights than most countries had in early 20th century . 
  some polish 19th century thinker ( krasicki iirc ? ), 
  argued that french revolution was dumb , because killing all the nobles solves nothing - you should just make everybody a noble , and the problem with personal liberties is solved . 
  that was only possible because in poland unlike western europe nobility had nothing to do with money . 
  in 17th century everything started to fall apart , and 18th century was one long chain of catastrophes . 
  a shame , because europe could have been much more liberal much earlier if the project succeded . 
  of course , it was n't all roses and butterflies - peasants were exploited much longer than in the western europe for example . 
  but still it was quite unique and very democratic system for its time . 
  in the worst 2001 it was +1.4 % . 
  it 's not previous government fault your countries have migrants ' phobia and do not think about their political interests  this game can be played forever . 
  in the end you either want common policy or do n't , and you clearly do n't . 
  so stop complaining when it bites you . 
  as for majority - you are in eu , and you seem to be perfectly ok with being minority in many matters . 
  why should poland in v4 behave differently ? 
  as for 3/4 majority not being betrayal - was munich agreement a betrayal ? 
  would it be a betrayal if eu voted 24:1 to leave estonia to russia ? 
  oh please . 
  assuming malice without knowing anything about the index is not only rude , it 's just dumb . 
   corruption remains a huge challenge across the region , often going hand-in-hand with repression . 
  in low-scorers hungary , poland and turkey ( which has plummeted in recent years along with spain ) politicians and their cronies are increasingly hijacking state institutions to shore up their power on the same page poland index increased from 58 to 62 , and poland jumped from 38th to 30th position between 2012 and 2015 . 
  i do n't get it . 
  the problem is - poland has different political interests than other v4 countries on most issues . 
  so the alliance is by definition very flimsy one ( at least after the main goal of nato and eu acession was achieved ) . 
   and if 3 v4 countries were against you want to say we betray you ? 
  you put your economical interest before security of the whole group . 
  you treat v4 as a handy support group for when you agree about sth , and as nothing binding when you do n't . 
  let 's be consistent and let poland treat it the same way without calling it `` backstabbing '' . 
  at this point reality does n't matter . 
  it became `` the thing '' . 
  tribal thinking mode has been enabled , and it has to be our way . 
  any information and arguments that disagree with that is betrayal and can ( and should ) be ignored . 
  it 's like trying to persuade left-wing that racism is a net positive .
