  and most probably it 's partially cultural , partially biological , otherways we would 've found many cultures where the roles are reversed . 
  of course there are individual exceptions ( maria curie-sk\u0142odowska , etc ) , and it 's important to let them live however they wish . 
   if not , why are there fewer women in stem fields ? 
  because women are less often interested in these fields ( and there 's no proof it 's 100 % cultural ) . 
  because going for a research job is risky ( most people do n't get to become a scientist ) , and women take less risks in general . 
  because they have more options that do n't involve being perceived as a failure . 
  because of stereotypes . 
  because of employers ' expectations that they will focus on kids and family more than on career . 
  because according to current research women are on average as intelligent as men , but more women are near the average , whereas more men are on both extremes , and stem jobs often require above-average intelligence . 
  lot 's of reasons . 
  that 's particularly biased explanation . 
  it would n't per chance have anything to do with the expected reaction of the society ? 
  a women attempt suicide - she gets compassion . 
  a man attempts suicide - he is `` not a real man '' . 
  and if the women in question is so much concerned with well being of others maybe she should think of how `` my wife/parent/kid / friend attempted suicide '' affect people . 
  i do n't think the exact method matters that much . 
  but no , the only obviously explanation is - women are less self-centered , that 's why they attempt more suicides but commit less , 
   either men have it worse or women are just not competent enough to kill themselves . 
  men have it worse ( and better - basically both extremes are more common , because society expects more of them and treats them worse/better than average depending if they deliver ) . 
  and women do n't actually try to kill themselves , most of the time , just to get attention . 
  or they do n't actually want to commit suicide , just to score compassion points . 
  more people would perceive a guy that tried to commit suicide as `` weak '' and `` not a real man '' , than a women . 
  nope . 
  \u017c and \u017e are like french j in `` je taim '' . 
  in english it 's sometimes transcribed ( especially from russian ) as zh . 
  like marshall zhukov . 
  but i do n't know if english people know how to pronounce it . 
  it 's not z. \u017a does n't exist in english or french as far as i know . 
  it 's like you took \u017c and made it softer with ee sound , but it 's one sound , not \u017c and then ee . 
  g in english is more like `` d\u017c '' sound ( george sounds like d\u017cord\u017c , giraffe sounds like d\u017ciraf ) . 
  20-year old one - no problem . 
  little known fact : bmw = bolid m\u0142odzie\u017cy wiejskiej ( bolide of the countryside youth ) . 
  i 'm supposed to know english stereotypes for all of these cities ? 
  yes , many people follow these rules . 
  i did before i lost faith ( so for 22 years + - ) . 
  i 'd say the rule of thumb is - people who go to church every week follow them ( so 30-40 % of poles ) , the rest ( while also describing themselves as catholics ) - do n't . 
  but there are exceptions , obviously . 
  also the rules are n't that strict , you can eat whatever you want if it inconveniences your host when you travel for example , or if there 's a important party you can get a `` dyspensa '' . 
  i think forcing poles to eat fish once a week is a net benefit , unlike many other things church does . 
  yes . 
  these people that voted pis did n't suddenly appear out of nowhere . 
  some of them voted zchn and lpr before . 
  and other parties had to appease them too . 
  nobody is that stupid . 
  they 'll just never adjust it for inflation . 
  ah , that 's increases in absolute values . 
  then it makes sense . 
  yeah sure , poland richer than uk and france in 5 years . 
  i would love to be wrong but i ca n't see it being true . 
   we 're stuck in a cycle of piss and poo that 's obvious since po-pis coalition failed . 
  but while i did n't liked half of what po did last time - i hate what pis does . 
  so it is a priority for me . 
  po in the worst case will waste ( `` steal '' ) some money and leave some criminals free . 
  pis in the worst case will turn poland into sanacja reenacment group ... do you remember how it ended the last time ? 
  in tv you have pro-pis tvp and tv trwam , and anti-pis tvn . 
  in internet you have pro-pis and anti-pis sites . 
  it 's exactly the same , you 're not forced to watch tvn or tv trwam , and you 're not forced to read r/europa or r/trump . 
  but tvn ca n't broadcast anti-pis anti-refuges propaganda to anti-refuges viewers and anti-pis pro-refuges propaganda to pro-refuges viewers . 
  internet can and does . 
  there is software to do that , it 's automatic , and politicians pay for it . 
  regarding confirmation in top post - the top post is decided by people who voted that information in the first place , or decided to click it . 
  so it 's not reliable . 
  i hope all parties do anti-pis coallition before elections . 
  if no - i will vote po or nowoczesna ( whoever has higher polls before elections ) , just to see pis go . 
  and then i would like them to go as well , because i disagree with a lot of their politics . 
  i voted small party last time and i regret wasting my vote . 
  and literally every other party that has chances to win would be better for poland than pis . 
  internet does exactly the same , it 's just easier to filter the information on the internet so that you only see the information that confirms your worldview . 
  in many cases it happens automatically ( facebook will show you stuff you like after it learns what you like , youtube and google too to a slightly smaller degree ) . 
  so if you 're anti-trump you get lots of anti-trump suggestions , and if you 're pro-trump you get lots of pro-trump suggestions in youtube videos , facebook dashboards , and search results . 
  that makes people think internet is a better source of information because it adjust to their biases , which traditional media ca n't do on a per-user basis . 
  but if you use internet like that you can believe absurd stuff thinking most of the world thinks the same because of the information bubble you live in . 
  and social media work just like traditional media ( there are pro-trump sites like wykop and anti-trump sites like r/europe ) , the main difference is - information lives a few hours and nobody checks the facts on the internet . 
  each day there 's some `` fact '' - a funny photo , a criminal story about immigrants . 
  people vote it up because they agree with the beliefs behind the story , without checking the sources . 
  then someone correct them and it turns out it was fake , but people who disagree with it never vote it up , because they see it as a war and they do n't like to look stupid . 
  so the truth has much less coverage than lies on social sites if it 's against the bias . 
  on traditional media they just wo n't show you information that is against their bias ( or manipulate it ) . 
  they are less likely to just lie ( but sometimes they do as well ) . 
  on social media they show false information to millions of viewers , and then correct it so that 1000s viewers can see the truth . 
  it 's like republicans vs democrats now in poland . 
  there are pis and po families and regions with some exceptions . 
  here you can find most polls . 
  http://www.parlamentarny.pl/sondaze/ ibris does them the most often , so looking at that : - 2015-12-04 pis 31.8 % ... - 2016-06-23 pis 35.5 % ... - 2016-10-02 pis 29 % - 2016-10-08 pis 29.8 % - 2016-10-25 pis 30.2 % - 2016-11-19 pis 30 % - 2016-12-12 pis 30.1 % - 2017-01-05 pis 34.5 % - 2017-01-22 pis 38 % - 2017-02-02 pis 36 % - 2017-02-17 pis 35 % i 'd say they oscillate between 29 and 38 % . 
  there 's unfortunately no clear downfall trend . 
  conserative in poland = far right in the rest of eu . 
  conservative in eu = center-left in poland . 
  and the economic policies does n't matter apparently . 
  pis voters think pis is pro-democracy and the only thing that can save poland from russia . 
  and germany . 
  seriously . 
  it 's a cult . 
  which point is false ? 
  sources please . 
  the root cause is the society , not the politicians . 
  pis was a sensible center-right party 15 years ago , and intelligently ciriticized their current main vassal - rydzyk and radio maryja . 
  everybody expected po-pis coallition because they were basically the same with small economic differences ( po had more liberal promises ) . 
  they had some smart people like gilowska . 
  even sikorski was in pis once . 
  kaczy\u0144ski turned more and more populist and nationalist with each lost elections , and formed alliance with rydzyk .
