  you can kill one , but another is born . 
  the words are written down , the deed , the date . 
  and you 'd have done better with a winter dawn , a rope , and a branch bowed beneath your weight . 
  it 's not like printing money to devalue it is hard . 
  asia is better . 
  not by much , but still . 
  if you are on the moon and your enemies on the earth - you are going to win . 
  every weapon they can use on you has to be 95 % fuel to even get it there . 
  you can just throw big enough rock and when it hits it basicaly works like a nuke ( minus the radiation ) . 
  edit : if it 's multi-stage it can be as low as 85 % fuel . 
  suckitamericaton then . 
  not true !, 
  the first was https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/pan_twardowski, 
  that too , but mostly because we promised we will join . 
  at some point . 
  we have to pretend we do . 
  yes , usa provocators in russia make mother russia look bad to get ukrainians ( who obviously love gays ) on their side . 
  makes sense . 
   that you had no prior knowledge of russia 's policies regarding homosexuality ? 
  i knew it 's bad . 
  i have n't realized how bad . 
  i expected sth like in poland ( people looking the other way , or shouting obscenities ) , not this . 
  so yeah , i 've learnt sth . 
  as for `` trivializing experience '' - what does it even mean ? 
  if anything - the more publicity such matters receive - the better . 
   why not go to the source for information ? 
  because as a concerned party they are n't objective ? 
  i think both experiments like this and asking the people in question is useful . 
  what 's wrong about pretending to be homosexual ? 
  next you are going to tell me pretending to be women is evil . 
  there 's less than 100 000 black russians . 
  if the `` homosexuals '' were black - people would assume they are foreigners , and act differently . 
  for one thing they could beat them up for being spies or being black , not for being homosexuals , and we would n't know . 
  it does n't make sense to speak about `` white priviledge '' in russia - a few layers of modern society on which fighting `` white priviledge '' depends are missing . 
  and the demography is completely different . 
  but ... if they were black we would n't know if they are beaten up for being gay or for being black . 
  why does it matter that the guy is white ? 
  do you think they were never told to have `` heternormative-sex '' ? 
  if they can be told that - so can you be told the opposite . 
  yeah . 
  they demand to be treated like everybody else . 
  next they 'll demand voting rights !, 
   few days ago i was told that `` there is no such thing as straight person '' and that every man should experiment with non-heteronormative sex poor soul , people told you sth dumb . 
  better beat them up preventively the next time . 
  they ca n't fly . 
  i understand perfectly well . 
  you are hard pressed for war heroes that were n't assholes in germany . 
  still no reason for polish president to help you celebrate them . 
  he neither killed hitler nor enslaved poland . 
  i love irish beer and music . 
  i have some friends there . 
  would like to visit at some point . 
  conservative as in `` gays should be cured '' ? 
  yes it 's bad . 
  i do n't know about many , but in homophobia certainly . 
  apparently you ca n't skip some stages in modern society development . 
  to be fair polsih passanger trains are a mess . 
  on 3h trip ( lublin-warszawa ) i 've got 2h delay , it was announced as 30min delay , then 1 h delay , then 2h delay , while people were waiting for it . 
  and the reason they gave - `` rails repairs '' . 
  how the hell can you not know upfront that you will repair rails that day ? 
  is someone doing surprise repairs on your rails ? 
  few years ago i 've waited for gda\u0144sk -  warszawa train and it was delayed 8h ... 
  most trains are n't delayed , but the variance is so high it 's just not worth it if you have to be on time , the chance is too big . 
  better to take a bus . 
  imho it went like this : germans invited him without telling him about the guy ideas for `` poland question '' , nobody checked , president went there , end of story . 
  and yeah , president in poland is mostly decoration , but he can choose the places he visits , it was just usual komorowski blunder . 
  most probably president does n't have a clue - he just does what he 's told . 
  he had more oopsies than bush . 
  depends which version , and on the procedures used by the germans - poles were still able to break land forces enigma in 1940 . 
  just not all transmissions . 
  in may germans again changed the wiring and they had to devise another method , but at that time british took over , and used polish cryptographers for menial labour . 
  that 's false . 
  they broke enigma used in german land forces early in the war . 
  it was different than commercial enigma , and different thhan the enigmas used in navy . 
  also there were improvements to all versions through the war . 
  do read this story , it 's quite interesting , and quite different from what british government was saying for decades https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/cryptanalysis_of_the_enigma#polish_breakthrough, 
  well , some people from ss were saving jews too . 
  and i 'm perfectly aware some people in wehrmaht were ok - my grandpa told me about german officer that was ok - stopped some soldiers from taking their last cow in winter , and was n't sadist or anything . 
  it was noteworthy because it was n't the rule - it was exception . 
  in general they treated poles as subhumans , and jews as animals . 
  most of them , after initial objections were flushed by the experiences of war - were happy to profit from the situation , by raping women , stealing stuff , making fun of shooting innnocents , or just not rocking the boat to keep making career . 
  jews and other civilians be damned - i have to feed my family . 
  that 's what would probably happen in any other army if hitler was its leader , but it happened for germans , and trying to weasel out of it just wo n't work . 
  not much news about them , which i guess is a good news - if they did anything mildly interesting media woul be all over it in seconds . 
  lol, 
   are there are any rules or provisions in modern european armies that allow soldiers to disobey orders that go against their conscience ? 
  first of all - the orders have to be lawful . 
  orders to murder innocent people are n't . 
  even in ww2 time it was n't legal to murder civilians , they just ignored the law ( knowng that there will be no consequences ) . 
  the camps were excluded from laws , but more than half of the deaths in holocaust happened outside of camps , usually in small forests near villages and towns . 
  and at any rate hitler broken the laws when he was introduced , so further laws introduced by him were n't legal . 
  additionaly - israeli soldiers do have the right to refuse unethical orders . 
  just post a link , seriously . 
  edit : oh , you edited to after the ww2 . 
  of these i 've heard . 
  althought it was mostly expulsions , not ethnic cleansing . 
  but yeah , it happened . 
  kinda different situation , though . 
  i thought there was sth new discovered about inter war ethnic cleansing that 's why i wanted a link - never heard of that . 
  well you say it happened , so it 's on you to prove it .
