  the current russian propaganda name for all the post-soviet people that liked ussr is n't `` sovietskij mir '' , but `` ruskij mir '' . 
  i understand why russians like to stress that some of the leaders were n't russian by birth , but that matters exactly as much , as the fact that hitler was austrian , and katherine was german , 
  yeah . 
  and stop saying nazis were responsible for holocaust . 
  oh , it 's ok in that case . 
  because it 's not illegal i guess . 
  lol . 
   good , fast , cheap , legal pick 2, 
  currently there is a mix of profesional system and reservists . 
  it makes sense to have `` partly staffed units '' the way we do in a system with reservists - you have all the command staff , and specialists , but the lower positions are filled on demand by reservists to save money . 
  the problem is - we ca n't really depend on enough reservists being available for much longer ( because draft is on hold ) . 
  nsr was supposed to fix that , but it 's not good enough deal to attract enough people . 
  but imho it does n't make sense to keep big standing army all the time . 
  it 's burning money for no reason . 
  we should just fix the on-demand system by setting up better incentives for part-time volunteers . 
   previous party doubled our debt it was 45 % of gdp in 2007 and it 's 50 % of gdp now . 
  there was huge economic crisis in eu in the meantime , so anticyclical economic policy dictated to spend money saved during good times ( now is the time to save again , btw , but pis plans to spend more ... ) . 
  and it seems the anticyclical economic policy worked ok , as we avoided the crisis . 
  so , yes , technicaly this `` doubled the debt '' is close to truth ( not 2 times but close ) , but then be honest and also mention `` they doubled polish gdp '' , 
  small correction : 3 of these 5 judges term has finished during po government , 2 has n't . 
  po fucked up , but president and pis is fucking it still more , by introducing a bill that cancells previous sejm decision , and by refusing to do president duty . 
  this opens huge hole in the law system , because there 's nothing stopping next government cancelling all the judges on some pretext and choosing all of them . 
  or cancelling other bills . 
  it 's like using liberum veto for the first time . 
  it might have been in the good spirit , but it opens can of worms that nobody should . 
  pis and po should both be punished for this . 
  i hope they both are n't in parliament in 4 years . 
  they fucked up big time . 
  i think this government wo n't survive 4 years , though . 
  they fucked up in the first month already . 
  never stopped you before , 
  if they had faulty navigation and thought it was still syria they could have bombed someone there by mistake too . 
  my point - there 's a difference between being gentle with russian military planes entering your airspace in region far from any wars ( like they do repeatedly in baltics etc ) , and in region bordering territory at war , when the plane is probably here to attack someone near the border . 
  imagine they had problems with navigation and bombed the city on the wrong side of the broder . 
  i still think turkey was too trigger-happy , but i understand their point better . 
  i really doubt iran gave them landing permissions  . 
  these were guided cruise missiles . 
  sorry for the word `` shelled '' i 'm not native english speaker obviously , and i could n't find a better verb ( bombed would suggest bombs instead ) . 
  more : http://www.bbc.com/news/world-europe-34479873 btw artillery would be much more precise than these , 
   jea right , even you do n't believe that would n't happen . 
  russia shelled iran by mistake a few weeks ago . 
  the goal is n't to catch the bunny . 
  the goal is to be seen as a great hunter . 
  one one hand turkey clearly just wanted to shoot them , and jumped at the opportunity . 
  on another - maybe russia will finally start respecting others ' aerospace ? 
  you have no idea . 
   therefore you ca n't have old page talking about facts from the previous one when new one may decide differently . 
  it would be disinformation . 
  posting only the results from investigation performed by current government will be a proper and full information on the other hand , 
  the site were claiming photo macierewicz etc were showing as a proof that this was assasination ( wing was damaged from the back , and should be damaged from the front by the tree ) was photoshopped . 
  there was the photo they claimed was original , that showed wing damaged from the front . 
  now macierewicz is ministry of defence , and the site is closed . 
  the government comment - `` the site is closed , that 's it '' . 
  but of course pis supporters will say it 's all for the good cause . 
  voldemort ? 
  turkey has a treaty with usa regarding basing american planes there . 
  it should apologize if it breaks a treaty . 
  starting a war against nato country ? 
  he can try if he thinks nato wo n't help - because then half of eastern europe immediately loses security guarantees and have to deal with russia from position of weakness again . 
  but i do n't think nato is that stupid ( this would be basicaly the end of it ) , and what 's more important - i do n't think putin thinks nato is that stupid . 
  so , nothing will came out of this . 
  antisemitism + harsh conditions + no state control . 
  i have no problems admiting that . 
  i posted the article as flawed as it is , because i think the guy does great job preserving the history , and deserves to be more popular , so more people visit the place . 
  every time people ask about things to see in lublin i recomend teatr nn among other things . 
  i would just like articles like this to be more consistent with naming groups of people responsible . 
  either write `` nazis and anti-semitists '' or `` germans and poles '' . 
  behind a moveable panel , a 20ft black-and-white photograph of the jewish district before its destruction covers an entire wall . 
  only the castle and the gate are recognisable from the scene outside the window . 
  the contrast is startling . 
  upstairs is a darker set of rooms , accessed through an eviscerated wooden door frame recovered from the ghetto where , poignantly , the mezuzah used to signify a jewish house has been removed . 
  in the first room , in almost pitch darkness except for the light from a computer tablet bearing the last recorded list of lublin ghetto inhabitants , thousands of names are read out continuously in alphabetical order . 
  next , a dark , foreboding space is filled with tree trunks , conveying the legend of how jews came to poland , finding a forest outside lublin with trees marked with the word `` polin '' , hebrew for `` you should stay here '' . 
  polin became the hebrew word for poland . 
  in the attic of the museum , you are plunged back into light . 
  here are the stories of the `` righteous among the nations '' -- those who risked their lives to save jews during the holocaust . 
  `` i did n't want to have an exhibition per se . 
  i wanted to create an artistic installation , '' pietrasiewicz says . 
  `` it is a scene without actors . '' indeed , he has not fully abandoned his passion for theatre . 
  conscious of the need to speak to people who perhaps would not choose to visit grodzka gate , he takes history out on to the streets . 
  every year on march 16 , he arranges for the lights on what was the jewish side of the gate to be extinguished to mark the day in 1942 when the lublin ghetto was burnt to the ground . 
  one night in october 2002 , he opened 100 manhole covers in the car park and lowered electric lamps and speakers inside them , sending columns of light and the sounds of recorded testimonies from jewish lublin up into the night . 
  in the public park in the gate 's shadow , he has erected a street lamp that was rescued from the rubble . 
  switched on a decade ago , it is lit 24 hours a day -- `` to remind people of what happened here '' . 
  such a mission is not without controversy . 
  for while the institute is a monument to a forgotten people , it is also testament to an attempt to suppress history , an uncomfortable chronicle of a city that actively ignored its past in a country that has yet to come to terms fully with what happened between 1939 and 1945 . 
  pietrasiewicz 's campaign is an important step in combating a rise in discrimination against minorities in europe , says amnesty international 's marco perolini . 
  `` although he is not jewish , he has been targeted for years with anti-semitic speech , violence and a public discriminatory campaign because of his engagement as an artist and human rights defender , '' says perolini . 
  `` tomasz 's commitment is crucial to counteract stereotypes , discrimination and more generally to avoid historical oblivion , even more so in a context in which several elements point to a possible rise of discrimination and violence , in poland and elsewhere in europe . '' lublin today is a city of 350,000 , the largest in poland east of the vistula river , a physical line that in a crude sense divides the richer , more developed and liberal west from the relatively deprived and conservative east . 
  its quaint old town and medieval castle draw a healthy smattering of tourists , while a handful of local universities have fuelled a successful it industry . 
  the second world war reshaped poland probably more than any other country . 
  it emerged after the destruction with its borders shifted and its people forcibly relocated . 
  reborn as an almost wholly catholic nation , stripped of the religious and ethnic diversity that had characterised it for centuries , it was populated by people who were keen to forget and move on . 
  anti-semitic attitudes have been in decline in poland but discrimination lingers . 
  ` we have not solved it . 
  but i can see progress ' over the past decade , anti-semitic attitudes have generally been in decline in poland ( though surveys have shown blips ) , as the vibrant young democracy embraces global ideas and liberalism percolates through its society , particularly its strongly european youth . 
  institutes such as grodzka gate and the recently opened polin museum of the history of the polish jews in warsaw have alerted huge numbers of poles to the contribution that jews made to poland 's rich history . 
  but discrimination lingers . 
  `` poland has a problem with anti-semitic attitudes . 
  there is no hiding it , '' says pietrasiewicz .
