  ok , right . 
  i meant they were never in power . 
  there were no communist , just `` communists '' , so no point in the quotes . 
  communist had all the money during communism . 
  just stop, 
  nope . 
  they are from the whole poland , and somehow manage to combine slavic-power , polish nationalism , racism , nazism , islamophobia , antisemitism and general xenophobia into one unique mix . 
  also poles living in pre-war prussia are mostly descendats of poles from ukraine , lithuania , belarus , russia that were expelled by ussr after ww2 , so - according to nazis - even more subhuman than the average pole , 
  `` and that idea is that jews and homosexuals should die '', 
  to be a polish nazi you need to be special kind of dumb . 
  for a country , which has over 10 % of population in one city russia sure like to threaten nukes , does n't it ? 
  they will say whatever they want anyway . 
  they said ukrainian jet shoot down the malaysian boeing . 
  they said poland trained majdan revolutionists , and russian soldiers were in ukraine on vacations . 
  they lie so much , if they wanted to start full invasion they would tell everybody poles or swedes or whoever sold mass destruction weapons to ukraine , and they kill infants with them , so we invade . 
  no need for facts . 
  we should just completely ignore their propaganda and do what needs to be done . 
  we have a few hundred t-72 in warehouses . 
  honestly no idea why we wo n't sell them to you for the cost of transport . 
  it 's not like we have enough soldiers to even man all the leopards and twardy . 
  it actually is . 
  in 2009 the majority opinion was - russia wo n't do anything stupid , so we can be friends and do business , as long as we have stronger friends from the west just in case . 
  now the majority opinion is - russia 's done a lot of stupid things , there 's no rational reason to treat them as anything but crazy dictatorship . 
  my grandpa always says `` learn russian and german , you must know the language of the enemy '' . 
  i stopped laughing at that recently . 
  the favourable opinions imho are because people did n't want to be seen as xenophobic . 
  i e - asked by reporter on a street someone in 2009 could respond `` i have nothing against russians , i think they will become a normal country in a few decades '' , when speaking over a beer with a friend they can laugh at these dumb ruskie . 
  among better educated poles there 's also long tradition of dividing your attitude towards regular russians , and russian government ( see adam mickiewicz `` to friends muscovites '' , jacek kaczmarski `` i 'm russophile-anticommunist '' ) . 
  many polish politicians and literates quote these , and have similar attitude . 
  i 've recently tried to go for a russian music evening in buffo club in warsaw - you have to register before , because there 's huge demand for tickets . 
  so yeah , it 's complicated , but very few poles support putin , and nobody would like to be annexed , or to return to soviet era sattelite relationship . 
  not really . 
  there are some , but i 'd say less than 1 % of population . 
  much more probable reason - money and lack of morality . 
  even before 2014 a few hundred tousands ukrainians worked and studied in poland . 
  now that their currency tanked a few times in relation to pln - it 's obviously much more profitable to work here and spend in ukraine , so since last year there 's much more of them . 
  hard to regain independence without taking other countries territory , 
  czechoslovakia in 1919 agreed to make referedum , then in 1920 ( when poland fought ussr ) it took that part by force , including terrains with majority polish population , violating previous agreement . 
  it was still bad move by poland to recaptur these parts ( and some ) in 1938 , and poland did worse things in interwar period , but it 's unfair to only present 1938 events , without telling about 1919-1920 . 
  no , it was czechoslovakia annexing part of poland after previous agreement , in 1918-1920 http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/zaolzie#1918-19  `` czech envoy edvard bene\u0161 proposed a plebiscite . 
  the allies were shocked , arguing that the czechs were bound to lose it . 
  however , bene\u0161 was insistent and a plebiscite was announced in september 1919 . 
  as it turned out , bene\u0161 knew what he was doing . 
  a plebiscite would take some time to set up , and a lot could happen in that time -- particularly when a nation 's affairs were conducted as cleverly as were czechoslovakia 's . 
  '' [ 32 ]  watt argues that bene\u0161 strategically waited for poland 's moment of weakness , and moved in during the polish-soviet war crisis in july 1920 . 
  as watt writes , `` over the dinner table , bene\u0161 convinced the british and french that the plebiscite should not be held and that the allies should simply impose their own decision in the teschen matter . 
  more than that , bene\u0161 persuaded the french and the british to draw a frontier line that gave czechoslovakia most of the territory of teschen , the vital railroad and all the important coal fields . 
  it was a dick-move , but to be honest poland did dick-moves too , at the time ( especially belarus and lithuania got fucked up ) . 
  and of course retaking of zaolzie in 1938 was bad pr . 
  compare resources . 
  russia could have been in the same exact situation as canada . 
  not only protected by nato , but by eu . 
  instead it choosen to make enemies everywhere . 
  i mean - russia is n't a superpower , and it does n't need to be one , and it has small chances to ever become one again , in the meantime its people suffer because of the ambitions . 
  another point - canada has huge landmass , and even smaller population density than russia , yet it only spend 1.3 % of gdp on army . 
  russia could be another canada , instead it invents enemies and remains poor . 
  but russia is n't a superpower anymore . 
  superpower with economy the size of italy just does n't make sense . 
  and if you use nukes as measure - then india , uk , france , pakistan , and more - can start ww3 and destroy earth just as well , but nobody calls them superpowers . 
  we have 2 superpowers - usa and china . 
  it 's 20 years already , the sooner russia adapt to this the sooner they can start doing business , and stop playing dumb games . 
  i can understand post-imperial resentment is hard to deal with , but russia has no other option in the end . 
  btw  and the apparent lack of gunfire during the annexation of crimea there was gunfire , and dead ukrainian soldiers . 
  it 's also city in hungary , from which the union took name . 
  most countries in the world spend less than 4 % of gdp on army . 
  usually around1-2 % . 
  russia spend 4.2 % in 2013 , and probably more than 5 % in 2014 . 
  if russia , with its vast resources , did what norway did - each russian could be wealthy by western standards . 
  they have richest resources in the the world , and lie between 2 biggest economies in the world ( eu and china ) . 
  how hard can it be to profit from this ? 
  instead they play xixth century imperialism , isolate itself from 90 % of the world for crimea ( as if russia lacked land ) , and except for moscow and st petersburg the infrastructure and standards of living are worse than in eastern europe . 
  ca n't deny that the first elections almost-won by po was basing on young people and promises of `` 1-mandate voting regions '' , lower taxes , less bueraucracy , etc. 
  the only thing they did from these promises was suspending mandatory conscription . 
  then they turned toward pis voters ( known phenomena when 2 competitors become more like each other , because the customers that want more extreme solutions will vote them anyway , because there 's no real competition except these 2 options ) . 
  po started to hide the liberal parts , and now it 's basicaly social-conservative party . 
  obviously we have training schools for throwing cobblestones and burning tires . 
  they are disguised as football stadiums . 
  ask in 20 years . 
  right now he is hated because he is in the ruling party ( he left to brussels , but he 's still considered `` ruler of po '' by many ) , and his main way to achieve this was by dividing poles between this party ( po ) , and `` the enemy '' - pis ( party of kaczy\u0144ski ) . 
  media campaign between them was very hateful , and lasts more than 10 years , and it managed to give po 2 victories in elections already , but recently poles turn more towards pis ( but it 's not decided ) . 
  so it 's like asking `` how do americans like obama '' . 
  to get serious answer ask when nobody cares about him ( like now most people can agree clinton was a good president ) . 
  tusk knows best how it works ( see kaczy\u0144ski and pis - the best way for po to keep power ) . 
  i would love to get my mistakes fixed . 
  maybe people that want their mistakes fixed could add special tag in their flairs ? 
  mythology can be useful , and will be created regardless what really happened . 
  consequences will be the same no matter how he die . 
  we were totaly going to nuke y' all if you interfered , so in future do n't stop us annexing neighbors . 
  thanks . 
   they would yell this of the rooftops . 
  how the west assassinated him etc. 
  see nemcov - it would be the same - people would at once say he was killed by chechens , americans , jews , died of natural causes , is alive in yamaica , etc. 
  the point is - nobody knows for sure , and the life goes on . 
  it is far from sure . 
  http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/joseph_stalin#suggestions_of_assassination if putin is killed ( which i do n't think is true ) - killers would n't announce `` we killed him '' . 
  they would say he died of natural causes , and we would learn more after 50 years . 
  so for general population that has no way to know the truth - the situation is the same . 
  stalin had 99 % support day before he died . 
  nobody protested . 
  people who get to rule after putin wo n't particulary want to immediately start ww3 and lose the power , country , and the world .
