  wykop.pl is like 80 % 4chan 20 % reddit . 
  yes , but there 's considerable amounf of pis voters that tried to ignore that part of pis . 
  probably big intersection with these that believed macierewicz wo n't be back , and that pis is n't as `` hardcore '' as po and tvn made them to look . 
  it 's funny dynamic . 
  before elections pis is always mild , hardcore politicians do n't speak in public , smole\u0144sk crash is n't mentioned . 
  then there 's elections , and all the old boys are back , spewing the usual bullshit . 
  so , for example , on social sites like wykop.pl supporters of pis downvote articles about pis paying father rydzyk ( owner of backward even for catholic media - tv trwam , radio maryja , and nasz dziennik ) . 
  it 's not like they could just dismantle krus , and move people to zus , right ? 
  or simply make the conditions fair . 
  or allow people to buy farming land , but add conditions to apply to krus . 
  but no , better to keep the unfair advantages , but regulate who can buy land . 
  we 'll call it agrarnianism . 
  it 's also better than nazi occupation and prl . 
  why should i care ? 
  check this with a lawyer , ianal and i spent like 5 minutes reading this law . 
  you ca n't buy farming land in poland unless all of these are fullfiled : - you have farming education - you were registered for at least 5 years in the same district ( gmina ) where the land is , or a neighboring one - you will use the land for farming - you do n't have more than 300 ha of land already or you can just be a religious organization - then none of these conditions apply . 
  it 's supposedly targeted at evil foreigners who obviously want to buy polish land from poor farmers , but the end result will be - churches get to buy land for cheap , and then the law will be changed and prices will return to normal and churches will get rich . 
  another funny effect is - farmer 's kids that went to university for 5 years , and have different education than farming - wo n't be able to inherit the land , and the farmer that want to move to city for example will have to sell the land ( and national agency has the right to buy it first for a determined price , only if it decides not to - he can sell it to some other farmer , but not just any farmer - the conditions from above apply ) . 
  no , that 's not the issue . 
  they want to criminalize giving and taking abortions , in all circumstances . 
  5 year in prison for the women . 
  it 's already banned except for rape victims and when it threathens women life . 
  they want to ban it completely . 
  do n't think so : romania : 9 499 usd ; 18 410 ppp usd usa : 53 041 usd ; 53 750 ppp usd, 
  depends how `` wet '' the air is , and how cold it is . 
  but most people do n't do it , because it apparently destroys the fabric . 
  purchasing power parity , please . 
  otherways you basicaly say that a barber in new york doing exactly the same job exactly as fast is 5 times more productive in new york than in some shithole in texas . 
  i 'm polish . 
  i did n't even knew these things exist , and i still do n't imagine actually using one - clothes are dry the next morning anyway , so why bother ? 
  it 's not like i 'll spend any less time hanging stuff in electric drier than in passive drier ? 
  another thing - ac in private houses in poland is n't really a thing either . 
  usually there 's like 1-4 weeks of over 30 c in a year , and people just endure . 
  in offices it 's very popular on the other hand . 
  by hanging them inside ( usually in the bathroom there 's sth like this http://i387.photobucket.com/albums/oo317/marlenamitura/suszar.jpg or like this https://dobreusprawnienia.files.wordpress.com/2012/01/suszarka.jpg - this one is hanged over the tube ) . 
  and then you wait ( usually over night ) . 
  yes . 
  obviously . 
  even the canon example of `` do n't shout fire in a crowded theather '' shows that freedom of speech can be restricted and sometimes it 's worth it . 
  ad 1 - no  freedom of the press - the right , ( guaranteed by the first amendment to the united states constitution ) to publish and distribute information in books , magazines , and newspapers without government intervention . 
   freedom of speech ( also freedom of expression ) - the right to speak without censorship or restraint by the government the law i cited is restricting both . 
  ad 2 - no ad 3 - how exactly am i responsible for behaviour of `` leftist '' parties in other countries that i did n't voted for ? 
  ad 4 - lol no  governments restrict speech with varying limitations . 
  common limitations on speech relate to libel , slander , obscenity , pornography , sedition , incitement , fighting words , classified information , copyright violation , trade secrets , non-disclosure agreements , right to privacy , right to be forgotten , political correctness , public security , public order , public nuisance , campaign finance reform , perjury , and oppression . 
  sources : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/freedom_of_speech https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/freedom_of_the_press, 
  freedom of press is contained within freedom of speech . 
  if a press ca n't print something - it 's restriction of both . 
  like in the case i refered . 
  it is restricting freedom of speech . 
  just like the laws criminalizing holocaust denial do . 
  i do n't support these laws btw ( and `` leftist '' parties i voted for do n't either , or if you think otherwise please show me their opinion in writing or in a video . 
  will be hard without knowing who i voted , but somehow it did n't stopped you from stating that , so i do n't think i 'll help you here  4 . 
  not each restriction of freedom of press ( and speech ) is bad . 
  it depends on the profits and costs to the society . 
  i never argued otherways ( althought i did changed opinion on where exactly the line is a few times in my life ) . 
  and i do n't have strong opinion on that particular proposed law either way . 
  dependso n the details . 
  another matter is - is it worth it ? 
  sorry , first result fro mgoogle . 
  try this : https://www.eff.org/deeplinks/2015/01/europe-releases-its-ttip-proposals-intellectual-property  meanwhile , there are other aspects of the agreement that remain troubling to us , perhaps most notably including europe 's insistence on including provisions on investor state dispute settlement ( isds ) , that could allow foreign investors to challenge laws that they believe impact the value of their investments . 
  although the ramifications of this policy extend much further , there is the prospect that balanced intellectual property laws that one country adopts -- such as an orphan works law , for example -- could trigger an investor 's claim . 
  how is that a good thing ? 
  i work as a software developer for 9 years already . 
  i do n't know a single person in the industry rooting for software patents . 
  ttip makes it possible to use software patents in eu with a workaround : http://techrights.org/2015/11/06/tpp-and-ttip-swpats/ it 's bad for eu , and especially bad for developing countries like poland , that are mostly ip importers , and where nobody is rich enough to hire lawyers and fight patent trolls/buy patents/register their own . 
  in my city - small 350 000 lublin there 's more than 5000 developers already . 
  it 's a booming industry , with ~ 10 % growth each year . 
  available office space in lublin are predicted to triple in next 6 years ( from 154 000 to 450 000 m ^ 2 ) . 
  you want to sacrifice that because of what benefits exactly ? 
  it he law passes in the current form then it 's unclear who to save , because both fetus and women have the same rights to live . 
  which is insane . 
  i can agree it 's more complicated when the pregnancy is advanced , and the kid is more or less a human being , with a brain etc. 
  that 's why such cases should be solved when it 's not an ethical problem yet . 
  which is the way it works now . 
  and the whole point of the original article was that people protested changes to that ( to make it also illegal in other cases ) . 
  cbos did the poll . 
  gazeta is only reporting it . 
  still choking ? 
  or just trying to back off from your lie ? 
  if you prefer - different polling center ( tns obop ) , different reporting media ( wp.pl ) , different year ( 2003 ) - similar results . 
  how can it be a person without having a brain ? 
  your dog is more of a person than that . 
  yes i am aware some people believe in ghosts . 
  does n't make it fair to force law motivated by that on people who do n't . 
  btw according to catholic church the kids killed by abortion go directly to heaven . 
  100 % conversion rate . 
  church should be for aborting everybody if they were consistent with their beliefs . 
  nobody is saying all the poles are against sth . 
  read the damn article before commenting and assuming . 
   much more are for it than against it you are now doing exactly the thing you were accusing guardian of . 
  according to last cbos poll : http://bi.gazeta.pl/im/b4/ef/12/z19854516q.jpg 80 % are for legal abortion when mother 's life is threathened . 
  73 % is for legal abortion when the pregnancy is an effect of rape or incest . 
  53 % is for legal abortion when the child is known to be born retarded ( sorry , ca n't remember the pc-word for that ) . 
  so , basicaly - most poles are for status quo regarding abortion . 
  details matter , and probably this percentage would change a lot depending on the exact details ( how late in the pregnancy it is legal , who decides , etc ) . 
   politics ca n't affect me personally cute . 
  but in such case - why are you criticizing people who do participate in politics ? 
  according to you it 's harmless anyway . 
  it seems to me it 's you who picked a party , not me . 
  i voted 3 different parties last 4 elections , each time it was ` lesser evil '' .
