  no tanks either . 
  also i ca n't ignore the fact you changed the subject again to try to hide the main issue - putin is responsible for the deaths and destruction caused by his invasion of ukraine . 
   let 's not start the debate again about who started what . 
  there 's no debate to be had . 
  russian soldiers are and were fighting in ukraine . 
  there are no ( and were no ) ukrainian soldiers fighting in russia . 
  it 's the simplest possible situation to evaluate . 
  it 's called invasion . 
  how much simpler can it be ? 
  you want putin to proclaim `` we 're the bad guys '' ? 
   people of donbass have their own will , desires , intentions , and so on . 
  so does people in scotland and catalonia . 
  yet you do n't see european union deploying `` green man '' and tanks to fight uk and spain . 
   however , i find it hard to imagine putin saying `` you know what ? 
  let 's shoot down a random passenger plane for absolutely no reason whatsoever , leave a bunch of evidence pointing in our direction and deny everything '' . 
  when you start an invasion you are responsible for the victims . 
  it 's absurd enough that they forbidden some books . 
  but was attacked with some acid by `` patriots '' and lost sight in 1 eye . 
  you mean the ones that kill journalist traitors and opposition leaders , or the ones that invade neighboring countries while on vacations ? 
  rus is ruthenia , not russia . 
  it was a common ancestor of russia , belarus , and ukraine . 
  translating `` rus '' as `` russia '' is like translating `` roman '' as `` italian '' . 
  not even that , because in case of kievan rus the capital city of the old country is actually in ukraine . 
  russia was created be people escaping kievan rus because of mongols . 
  these were only some of them . 
  and some poles did this , too . 
   the percentage of ethnic jews was more or less matched with the percentage of jews in the middle-class in pre-war poland yes , but it was overrepresented in comparison to post-war poland jewish population ( because holocaust ) . 
  and communism in poland was after the war . 
  and the guy that founded and managed czeka was polish . 
  jews were a little overrepresented , but not by much compared to population . 
  majority of communists were of the ethnicity of the respective country . 
  lol russia is not in eu but many omitted countries ( in balkans and baltics for example ) - are . 
   socialist  marxist choose one . 
  calling social-democratic party marxist just make you seem dumb . 
  it 's like half of eu . 
  yes , it is , mostly . 
  in many countries only the act of distributing is a crime , not the downloading , but whatever . 
  i just think the law should be changed . 
  reasons fighting piracy with law is bad : - it 's impossible to reliably enforce ( basically  99.9 % of pirates wo n't ever be punished ) - to even try to enforce it you need to infringe privacy and to build infrastructure that can be used for mass survilance - there 's little proof that piracy harms game developers that much . 
  most people who play pirated games would n't buy them if they were n't free - piracy helps preserve software for future generations . 
  already we have hundreds of games that are only available thanks to piracy - piracy allow customers to check the game before buying it . 
  especially important when game companies often force reviewers to sign nda and only publish reviews after the game release - intellectual property is a dubious concept , and should inherently be time-limited ( otherways half of our culture is based on a crime of stealing from greeks and romans ) - strict ip restrictions reduce creativity and allow big companies to censor stuff ( see game companies issuing take-down requests to youtube for game reviews that portrayed them in bad light ) all in all it 's not worth it imho . 
  cdpr has the right solution for piracy - make games that are a good deal for the people that are your possible customers . 
  ignore the rest , they would n't buy your game anyway . 
  it 's a shame piracy is treated like a crime . 
  not now , but i worked in slovakia for a few weeks . 
  forests are cut down when they are at the right age . 
  for last 25 years heavy reforesting was happening in poland ( jumping by a few percent points in 20 yeas is huge ) , which means most forests are quite young . 
  the forest in question would be saved by the measures introduced , but that forest is `` just a forest '' , not the primeval part . 
  they basically treat it as any other economic forest , despite the fact it was supposed to be different . 
  it was designed to be a shield for bia\u0142owie\u017ca and to host various endangered species ( mostly birds and insects ) . 
  increasing the surface of this `` otulina '' is important for polish nature , on the other hand we do n't particulary care about the percentage of various tree species there , and the ultimate goal is to make it for all intents the same as the proper , primeval bia\u0142owie\u017ca , so that endangered species have more space . 
  the problem is that they let foresters from the economic part ( which do a good job if all you care about is tree volume and quality ) manage an environmental park . 
  i mean you 're lying saying majority of them are marxist or sympathetic to that ideology . 
  yeah that 's bullshit . 
  nice try . 
  there 's a great song about communism titled `` what more should we fuck up , gentleman , what more ? '' . 
  with dedication to pis : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=srwefsokbm8 they literally fuck up everything they touch . 
  translation : a few words regarding a group of guys i 'd like to throw in . 
  and first i have to start with apologies . 
  i 'm very sorry and i 'm begging your pardons this song might be a little on the vulgar side , dear sirs . 
  i still hope , despite my not too delicate words you , dear sirs will excuse me , this one last time . 
  so , there 's a group of guys , with such property , that whatever they touch , home or at work - they fuck it up . 
  they stare at ceiling , watch paint dry with half-closed eyes , and on their low foreheads gargantuan strain is painted cause one thought is flying inside , to be blunt what more should we fuck up , dear sirs , what more ? 
  sometimes someone will throw the guys , to be on safe side to attend matter , that is , in theory - unfuckupable . 
  they 'll strain their brains , burn with their gaze , and soon we can see , that we 've underestimated these guys by quite a margin . 
  and they 'll think in the peace of their houses , to be blunt what more can we fuck up , dear sirs . 
  what more ? 
  but , despite the fact , that everything 's being efficiently fucked up sometimes they think to themselves , doubting : with so much creativity , such abilities and such potential they think , what if we 'll have to live our lives in vain . 
  cause there 's nothing sure on this imperfect worlds , and not one seer can answer them `` how long can we fuck up , dear sirs , how long more ? '', 
  so , let me move on , to the main issue , before i finish let 's show our hearts , to these guys , and gather ourselves . 
  cause the main point , my copatriots , is just to let these guys to feel important in hose and their jobs . 
  let them with pride , and high-hanged heads ponder that idea : there 's so much to fuck up , sirs , and more every day . 
  how does that proof anything ? 
  marylin manson even larger  same threat . 
  also - what do you mean by marxism crowds in hungary ? 
  have n't heard of any . 
  before killing jews hitler introduced law that allowed them to escape as long as they leave all their wealth behind . 
  many western countries , including usa , were afraid of that , because they did n't wanted to accept these refuges . 
   pipe is still there as is threat of cutting gas to countries like poland without cutting off germany . 
  poland was invited to participate in that pipe . 
  we disagreed because of ukraine , which was overestimation of our political power . 
  but yeah , schroeder was a dick , still , eu is helpful ( and actually implementing eu policies about renewable energy sources would significantly help as well with energy security ) . 
  a shame that fossil fuel lobbying in poland is so strong ( like half the biggest companies are fossil fuel related ) . 
   so what other foreign policy would you propose for ii rp ? 
  allying with ussr , or ( less preferably - because of the jews we would lose ) with 3rd reich . 
  still sucks but does n't kill 16 % of population . 
   argument of `` take immigrants or be left to russia '' is very common . 
  and many people here do n't word russian threat so softly . 
  it 's a process . 
  eu wo n't be the one to leave us most probably - just actually introduce the sanctions and enforce every law we agreed to . 
  government will continue to abuse conflict with eu to kill internal opposition , changing poles to more and more eurosceptic with mass propaganda . 
  eventually , when the population is ready - it 's just another small step to actually do polend . 
  and then , again with small steps - restart of relations with russia . 
  `` we do n't need no eu , we will trade with euroasia '' . 
  further centralization of power , and illiberalization of democracy . 
  eventually we 're another belarus . 
  i think it 's pretty likely scenario . 
  it 's simply that government ca n't function without allies , and without eu there 's not much options left . 
  usa is ok for military matters , but not much more .
