  just some food for thought . 
   the more you can hurt him by stopping ( or threatening ) to stop trade how is that working out ? 
  russian economy collapses ( mostly because of oil prices ) , and somehow they do n't care . 
   so military provides only security , but not leverage i want security . 
  i do n't want to conquer russia . 
  and economic leverage is an illusion anyway ( as you can clearly see in last 2 years ) . 
  i was overestimating it too , btw . 
   look at ukraine gdp and currency after they started breaking economic connections with russia . 
  meanwhile belarus is quite ok . belarus is nation-wide museum of ussr with authoritharian government funded and controlled by russia . 
  compare to baltic states to understand the difference . 
  ukraine was less poor than poland in late 80s early 90s . 
  compare now ( or even in 2011 to skip war influence ) . 
  poland had huge ties with russia in 1989 too . 
  we suffered 20 % unemployment , hiperinflation , collapse of industry . 
  it was worth it . 
  ties with russia for a small country are like cocaine addiction . 
  short term it 's hard to quit , but long term it 's much better for your health . 
  you can not fix coruption and inefficiencies if you stay in russian sphere of influence . 
   i understand , that poles just hate russia and would like to break any connections . 
  i live in lublin in eastern poland . 
  i would love to have good relations with russia and belarus - our whole city would benefit . 
  but it either requires huge global companies that can risk losing the investment because of political factors ( polish truck drivers , meat producers , apple producers , diary products , etc , etc - were repeatedly banned in russia randomly for political reasons over last 25 years ) . 
  when your company is small-to-middle you can not afford to do business in russian einvironment . 
  poland has almost no big companies , t 's mostly middle-sized . 
  no conditions to profit in russia . 
  the other solution is to agree to russian bullying like belarus does and ukraine did for 20 years . 
  also not worth it . 
   more economic connections and more mutual dependencies mean there is no chance for escalation . 
  i thought we stopped believing that myth after ww2 ? 
  we did n't wanted to participate at the cost of energy security of ukraine , baltic states , czech republic and slovakia = we extorted you . 
  ok . poland tried selfish imperialistic foreign policy in 1918-1939 . 
  it does n't work . 
  the basic rule in polish politics after 1991 is - keep small countries east of us idnependent of russia if we can . 
  it 's called https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/giedroyc_doctrine it 's worth much more than some gas transfer fees . 
  we want the money . 
  we do n't want the rules . 
  because it 's much cheaper to build under the sea ( which you have to mine-sweep first , and then to maintain ) , than to go in a straight line on the land , 
  how is that working out so far with russia ? 
  if you 're strong enoguh you may profit from ties with russia ( like germany ) . 
  if you 're not - you will suffer ( like ukraine , belarus ) . 
  there 's no option `` change russia to democratic country by helping fund their regime '' . 
  it does n't work that way . 
  it 's all wide-eyes idealism ( abused by people who actualy benefit from these deals - see chancellor schro : eder ) . 
  i had a professor with first name '' \u015awiatomir '' , 
  i actually never noticed this until now : - \u015bwiat = world - \u015bwiat\u0142o = light, 
  i do n't know about these countries , but a base in poland would serve polish interest quite well , if you ask me . 
  also see how the countries in question do n't want these bases to be moved , 
  not always . 
  sigismund of luxemburg ( king of hungary ) planned to divide poland together with teutonic order , and even invaded poland in 1410 when we ( together with lithuania ) were fighting to . 
  it 's little known fact in polish history . 
   for example , he 's said that countries hosting overseas military bases should pay a fee to the usa . 
  it would make usa move useless bases in italy/germany to countries that actually need them ( like the countries bordering russia ) . 
  imho it 's reasonable . 
  on the other hand his internal policies are incredibly dumb ( reversing obamacare for example , or that wall ) . 
  it 's not shameful . 
  it 's just unsurprising given the propaganda campaign england had for centuries . 
  it 's also funny how you generaly love your pope ( english king/queen ) and hate catholic pope despite mostly stylistic differences , 
  i 've heard in l'viv there 's a house that has rainwater falling on one side of the roof go to baltic sea , and the other - to the black sea . 
  probably a legend but still interesting . 
  starting with backwardness and batshit insane far right . 
  wait , these are 2 different countries ? 
   i know a lot more about slovakia . 
  it 's a neighbor of poland , most people visit it a few times . 
  i also worked in bratislava for a few weeks . 
  i know next to nothing about slovenia except that they have a nice seaside . 
  they believe in elves ( or pretend to ) , and have volcanos . 
  easy to remember . 
  also sth with banking crisis . 
  now , for example moldova - i do n't know one thing about them . 
  well you dismiss the previous one . 
   oh and the smolensk 2010 incident . 
  it is still unknown what happened . 
  as long as no international investigation will happen , it will remain unknown . 
  and if the conclusion is n't what you want it to be you will dismiss is as the investigations before , 
   unlike the french for instance we did n't cooperate with nazis by betraying our fellow citizens of jewish origins . 
  you mean the government of course . 
  because some poles did participated for various reasons ( survival , wealth , maybe even ideology ) . 
  you obviously imprison them for saying that . 
  example ? 
  catholic republic of poland , 
  freedom of speech is n't 0/1 issue . 
  you can not scream `` fire ! '', 
  in a theathre full of people for example , and no sane person would have problems with that . 
  there are tradeoffs everywhere . 
  but yes , certainly the holocaust denial laws in germany restrict freedom of speech , just as the law in question do . 
  the real question is : `` is it worth it '' . 
  and imho the answer is `` obviously not '' in both cases . 
  but i do n't care much about german law because i live in poland . 
  btw if it was about lying saying `` canadian death camps '' would be banned too . 
  the reason for outrage is exactly that  we have a saying in poland `` hit the table and the scissors will answer ''  it 's too close to be comfortable basicaly . 
  the antisemitism certainly was a thing in poland ( i 'd say comparable to racism in 1930s usa ) . 
  but to be honest - pogroms were possible only because state institutions were weakened by war and soviet occupation ( in 50s there was still guerilla fighting between antisoviet resistance and soviet pupet government ) . 
  imagine 1930s usa with dismantled police and foreign army fighting some rebelion . 
  how much lynching would go on ? 
  that 's poland between 1939 and + -1950 . 
  and another thing is - usa moved forward . 
  poland was basicaly frozen till 1989 ( because without freedom of speech there can be no public debate about real concerns ) . 
  soviet pupet government first used jews as parts of security aparate ( well , not only them , but that 's the stereotype , and it has some basis in statistics - jews were overrepresented in soviet secret services in poland after ww2 ) , and then in 1968 government used jews as scapegoats ( to appease poles the expelled most of remaining jews ) . 
  only in last 25 years the real discussion about such matters was taking place , and now pis is trying to stop it again . 
  btw i blame communism for a lot of current backwardness of poland .
