  polish pronounciation is actually very easy - everything is regular , no need to learn every word twice like in english ( one time how to write it , second time how to pronounce it ) . 
  i would be happy if no religion had more rights than any other organization . 
  catholic church is as harmful as any other religion , and i see no reason they should be sponsored by state , exempted from taxes , etc. 
  http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/%c3%88ve_curie '' \u00c8ve was the only member of her family who did not choose a career as a scientist and did not win a nobel prize '' must have been hard at the christmass table : /, 
  well , maybe during the negotiations , or in deals that are special ( military , spies , such things ) . 
  for trade deal ? 
  certainly no , especially , when governments tried to pass it asap without public debate . 
  after the negotiations , before the signing the deal should be publicized , and public opinion should be taken into account . 
  for anglophones , 
  simple - significant minority in poland are liberal when it comes to lgbt rights and they voted her . 
  majority is conservative regarding this issue , and most politicians want to please them . 
  palikot may be fucked up ( he was very pro-catholic a few years earlier , supported hanging cross in every school , now he turned 180 degrees ) . 
  but that particular image with gun and penis was when he hold press conference about police officer that raped one female prisoner , and nobody was interested in helping her . 
  palikot got this to public attention ( in his fucked up but very effective way ) . 
  nice thing about this is - anti russian politicians in poland often are homophobic , too . 
  now they have to agree with lukashenko , 
  yeah . 
  all the money from cap go into infrastructure and science spending ( 50/50 ) , equally distributed between the countries . 
  because tracked vehicles are much better in hard conditions , and something that weights 40-50 tons can deal with the snow better than lighter cars . 
  poland - owners of the massmedia and political parties ( no difference any more ) : - whoever is behind the tvn ( and po ) . 
  yeah , in polish both people are tghe country come from that word : niemiec is german , and the country is niemcy . 
  so in old polish s\u0142owianie were the people that can speak , and niemcy were everybody else ( not only germans , but we have contact with them most often ) . 
  prefering weak eu with stronger members is petty nationalism now ? 
  funny that one of the most often used argument in favour of stronger union with less independence for its members is `` being finally relevant on the global scale '' . 
  for me the latter sounds much more nationalistic ( imperliastic , even  ) . 
  actually , half of the population does n't need to be below average . 
  it depends on the distribution of the particular quantity measured . 
  for example in most countries more than half of the population earn less than average salary . 
  http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/israel_defense_forces http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/military_of_switzerland germany suspended conscription very recently ( 2011 ) . 
  i 'd say finnish and russian armies are also quite modern . 
  still eu population is big , and we would hopefully depend more on technology , than huge number of soldiers . 
  i think let 's say 200 000 army of professional soldiers training together all the time would suffice for most threats , and that 's easy to achieve with population of 500\u00a0000\u00a0000 . 
  if being a soldier in european army was voluntary , what 's the problem ? 
  easy - switch to professional army , stop the mandatory military service . 
  if you have mandatory military service you send young people to war without their consent already , no matter if they come from one country or from many . 
  i 'm for common market , borders , army where it 's possible and profitable ( in the form of many battlegroups always ready to act , common defense programs like air defense for the whole eu/military research programs in the future ) , and for common foreign policy in important questions like energy policy for example . 
  i do n't think military cooperation is that hard to achieve , in my opinion it 's much easier than common currency - see nato for example . 
  on the other hand i do n't think common currency in the current form works , and i do n't think giving up fiscal decisions to eu would keep countries independent enough . 
  so i think we should give up on euro eventually , if nobody comes up with other way to save the currency . 
  and i do n't want to live in united states of europe , i want to live in united independent countries of europe . 
  i wanted to write that austrians should have tasted some consequences of ww2 if they like hitler so much . 
  then i checked the article , and it never says what was the exact phrasing of the option that 42 % of austrians voted for . 
  and it 's rt.com article . 
  here , buy yourself something nice . 
  the fact that `` pride '' in polish is `` duma '' , and `` duma '' is also the name of the russian parliament , that may be coincidence ( or wrong translation ) . 
   this is what ~ ~ communism/socialism ~ ~ ideology means ftfy, 
   the jews killed in nazi germany were ... mostly germans by most standards . 
  not really , most jews were polish ( that 's why most death camps were in occupied poland - to save money on transport ) . 
  also germans during ww2 killed hundred of tousands ( if not millions ) civilians in occupied countries in massacres . 
  example : ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/intelligenzaktion ) . 
  soviets were n't much better - they just prefered to kill people by starvation and overworking them in harsh climate . 
  i meant situation as it was sth like 10 years ago , when huge majority of users had ie6 worldwide . 
  recent microsoft web browsers are n't a problem , cause they conform to standards ( most of the time ) . 
  ie6 did almost everything differently . 
  would it change anything , if you could only drive with these tires on the roads that were designed for them ? 
  keep in mind that because 90 % of people bought such cars and never bothered to switch the tires ( most do n't even know you can ) - most roads are designed for these tires , even though there are much better tires and roads designs ready to produce . 
  because browser is the operating system of the internet . 
  there 's huge difference between any other program and web browser - browser run code of other people . 
  you can only use websites that are compatible with your browser . 
  standards for html and related technologies ( in which people code websites ) improve all the time , but old versions of browsers do n't implement new features , and do n't fix bugs after a certain point . 
  for decade ie6 had so huge marketshare , that all websites had to write websites with ie6 in mind ( and that meant - writing the website 2 times or not using new features , dumbing down the website , making it easier to bypass security , and many other drawbacks - that was not because ie6 was so bad , but because ie6 was old browser ) . 
  then firefox happened , was free and so much faster that people eventually switched , and the situation slowly changed . 
  websites all over the world finally could start to use imporvements from the previous 10 years . 
  now we have similar situation with webkit engine - more and more browsers use the same browser engine , and many websites start to assume you use webkit-based browser . 
  that is a bad thing , no matter if it 's microsoft that makes the only browser , or anybody else . 
  monoculture is bad for customers and for the whole market in the long run . 
  whether microsoft should pay or not - i do n't know , that 's more about law and contracts . 
  but we should remember how monopoly of one browser freezed the development of modern internet for decade , and never allow it to happen again ( the most probably new monopolist - apple ) . 
  it 's not taboo . 
  it 's just extremely stupid . 
  i live near preserved death camp in majdanek . 
  i 've spoken with people that have been kept there ( a few times in when i was in school these people came to told us how it was there ) . 
  there are original barracks preserved in the camp , crematorium , gas chamber , even german documents with names of the prisoners etc. 
  there are tousands of recorded stories by people that survived it ( most are dead by now , but they gave many interviews before ) . 
  if you reall want , you can deny every evidence . 
  hell , some people believe earth is 6000 years old , and no amount of science can persuade them . 
  there is a difference - `` t '' is pronounced ( at least when you speak in the `` standard '' dialect ) . 
  click on the speaker button ( `` listen '' ) to hear the pronounciation difference : http://translate.google.com/#pl/en/trzysta%0aczysta polish phonetics is very regular . 
  when we have a letter in a word - we pronounce it ( ok , 99.99 % of the time ) . 
  wow , thanks . 
  now i feel bad for just suggesting the w\u00f3dka i like without research . 
  actually this is a very similar to a quote from the new testament . 
  `` the one who is unwilling to work shall not eat . '' 2 thessalonians 3:10, 
  i get it right half the time , 
  deal . 
  i recommend \u017bo\u0142\u0105dkowa gorzka ( the best is with pepermint ) , \u017bubr\u00f3wka , and sobieski . 
  what 's the best belgian beer ? 
  according to this : http://pl.wikiquote.org/wiki/j%c3%b3zef_pi%c5%82sudski it 's attributed to him in a book `` my\u015bli i wypskni\u0119cia '' , wyd . 
  so it 's true most probably . 
  just wait , 
  i think you are too harsh . 
  yes , he was n't your regular politician . 
  he was military leader , terrorist , freedom fighter and conspirator . 
  you can not free a country from government that does n't want to free it without fighting ( at least not in reality of interwar europe ) . 
  and it was really hard to get independence from russia and germany without being conflicted with them . 
  regarding lithuania and czechoslovakia i agree . 
  with ukraine it was n't that simple - it was petlura that failed to deliver . 
  with more luck ukraine could have been free from ussr between 1921 and 1939 . 
  he also organized conspiracy very well - very few people from his group were jailed , killed , or expelled to siberia by russians , and that group was quite active ( they even robbed russian trains transporting tax money , iirc ) . 
  other conspiracies were much worse at this , and many young people went to siberia because of that .
