  of course i 'll change my mind if they do have proofs . 
  conspiracy theory much ? 
  actually , doing nothing would probably be the most rational response to terrorism . 
  how many people were killed by terrorists in france in last 10 years ? 
  500 in 10 years in a country the size of france is basicaly nothing , compared to a lot of things we do n't do anything about ( sugar kills more people regulary yet we do n't ban sweets , alcohol kills far more people , yet we do nothing about it , i wo n't even start about car accidents but at least we 're doing something about it , still not proportionaly appropriate response compared to terrorism prevention ) . 
  the problem is - terrorist attacks are great news material , so it 's shown everywhere , so people are afraid , so politicians must react . 
  if nobody reacted , terrorism would n't be so prevalent , and even if it still was the same - damage is n't that big anyway . 
  terrorists did n't do this . 
  muslim terrorists did . 
  you can use this rhetorical trick to make any group innocent until you single out particular people responsible . 
  so you ca n't put `` never discriminate against anyone '' in law . 
  what about people that worked in one company , had accident , and are now only 70 % as efficient as others . 
  is it ok to fire them basing on their performance ? 
  compared to eastern europe ( including poland ) usa is very liberal on social matters ( see lgbt laws , positive discrimination actions , etc ) . 
  it 's economicaly more right-wing , on the other hand . 
  and guns laws . 
  conservatism = to preserve the current order . 
  in general , with time states grow more transparent , respecting human rights more , and enforcing the rule of law better , do n't you agree ? 
  of course , the details matter , and in some cases conservatists were on the side of human rights , after all it 's just a label , abused like all the other labels in politics . 
  but yeah , in general conservative = backward , by definition . 
  because `` eu wants us to , and we want visa-free movement '' , or because `` it 's the right thing to do '' ? 
  discrimination is treating people differently . 
  for many jobs age , health history , even sex sometimes are relevant to performance , yet we have laws preventing such discrimination . 
  `` do n't discriminate against lazy people '' would be there too ? 
  there 's literaly holocaust going on in germany right now , and they are invading poland as we speak . 
  thank you . 
  in the old . 
  the bible = old + new . 
  btw the sequel is much worse . 
  nothing happens . 
  the most often cited book in history . 
  yeah pis often plays for the sipmlistic demographic , not unlike cameron in uk . 
  it was centrist party once , but it moved ever more right-wing and anti-eu in many practical concerns ( while still publicly stating that poland must be in eu and we are benefiting from it ) . 
  they try to court both anti-eu radicals , and regular people that do n't like po . 
  they will probably antagonize germany and russia at the same time - a move that should make you think twice considering polish history , but there we go ... 
  does n't help that germany is perceived by most poles as just waiting to do business with russia and fuck poland ( and ukraine ) . 
  macierewicz is controversial because he liquidated polish military counterinteligence ( wsi ) , because pis thought it 's mostly russian spies . 
  he did it in such fashion , that many polish agents were deconspired , and we had no military counterintelligence for a while . 
  in nineties he was minister of internal affairs and was famous for the list of agents in government he published ( including contemporary president lech wa\u0142\u0119sa and many other ministers and pms ) . 
  he just took communist documents as is , even though some of them could be falsified to blackmail opposition members during communism . 
  the government collapsed in 1994 because of that list . 
  he was much less important polician since then , until pis got power . 
  his antisemitism is probably overstated , he 's `` equal oportunities '' crazy and believes all sort of dumb shit , including the fact that russians killed polish president in assasination using artifical fog and explosives ( there were other versions too ) . 
  half of poland went `` wtf '' when he was announced minister of army , he was nonexistent ( `` hidden in closet by kaczy\u0144ski '' ) during elections not to scare less radical voters . 
  my favorite german book is `` wild horse from under the tiled stove '' by chirstopher heine . 
  i 've learnt reading on it , it was my first book ( polish translation , obviously ) . 
  lot 's of sex and violence , but the plot is kinda predictable , and the main protagonist is clearly op . 
  i prefer the tolkien version . 
  `` with fire and sword '' . 
  it 's the first book , then `` deluge '' and `` mr wo\u0142odyjowski '' . 
  there was a movie trilogy btw , quite good ( especially 2nd part `` deluge '' ) , you may find it on youtube with english subtitles . 
  nah , they are n't pro-kremlin in poland . 
  at least pis and most of these young nationalists certainly are n't . 
  you ca n't be openly pro-kremlin in poland and get to parliament . 
  on the other hand korwin said a few things supporting putin , and it was funny to see the confusion of his supporters on wykop ( the same people would brand anybody saying anything pro-russian - a russian agents and leftist scum ) . 
  pis got many voters , from many background this elections , and also many po voters stayed in home because of recent fuck-ups of po , . 
  i would n't say it 's `` movement east '' , at least not intentional , it 's more that they are similarily backward as putin is  btw pis is already back on track to remind people why they did n't liked it , they announced macierewicz ( mccarthy-like guy , suspecting everybody of spying for russia ) is going to be the minister responsible for army . 
  he 's very controversial , and pis promised before elections he wo n't be a minister . 
  ask away , i enjoy speaking about poland ( narcissm was the name ? 
  there 's pretty big minority of young people that are very radical nationalists ( many of them consider themselves patriots , but if you shout `` poland for poles '' , and speak about `` anti-polish media and artists that need to be dealt with '' you are n't a patriot in my book - you are nationalist ) . 
  till last few years they were marginalized by all main-stream parties ( except for short period of m\u0142odzie\u017c wszechpolska in coallition with pis last time they were in power ) . 
  now they are gaining support because pis courted them to win against po , and it legitimizes them . 
  imho it started with football hools movement ( hools are very radical right usually , they also celebrate legitimate polish heroes like `` cursed soldiers '' that fought against communists aftter ww2 ) . 
  they ( hools ) were considered just bandits by mainstream media and most of population , but a few years ago the attitude of pis-related media changed , showing them in good light as `` real patriots '' . 
  then there are websites like wykop.pl , which started as pretty representative of all political views ( skewed to economic right-wing , but the whole poland is ) , and now the common in-joke is `` what would you want for birthday ? 
  racialy clean europe '' . 
  most people only joke , but the fact that this is considered funny is telling . 
  korwin-mikke is the guru there . 
  on one hand it 's because of self-censorship ( people that disagree do n't go there ) , on the other - such views got more popular among young people , 10 years ago korwin had < 1 % of votes . 
  now he gets almost 5 % . 
  it 's still not mainstream , but the direction is scary to me . 
  this is sadly true . 
  even 10 years ago it was n't but in last 5 years or so there 's resurgence of nd-like political views . 
  it 's painful to watch . 
  because russia had army in poland , and how are you going to make them go ? 
  i just do n't understand the magical thinking that goes `` sikorski lives = russia goes out of poland after ww2 '' . 
  half of poland thinks it was assasination . 
  the other half ( including me ) thinks it was accident caused ( indirectly ) by the polish president being dumb again . 
  russia benefits from the divisions it causes in poland . 
  because it makes for divisions in poland . 
   sikorski would have been able to stop the western betrayal . 
  yeah . 
  allies would have started ww3 immediately after ww2 if only sikorski was there . 
  why not invade them . 
  i would say words should be counted like species - if it ca n't produce fertile offsprings it 's not a species . 
  in polish we do n't have `` x '' , but we use `` xero '' and `` taxi '' and `` linux '' all the time . 
  but all the derived words use polonized `` ks '' instead of `` x '' . 
  obviously russians are fueling the conspiracy theories . 
  it 's only doing good for them . 
  still we have to be realists , do you really think assasination is more likely than fuck-up ? 
  considering kaczy\u0144ski history from tiblisi , and the fact they were late to celebrations , and that airport redirected the fist plane ? 
  it 's not that we trust russia . 
  it 's that kaczy\u0144ski was bragging before , that he ( illegaly ) forced pilot to land in tiblisi in georgia during russian-georgian war during bad conditions , because politics is more important than safety . 
  and in smole\u0144sk they were already late to the celebrations of katy\u0144 , and the airport redirected them and the prvious plane to other airport because of bad conditions ( fog ) , and both planes ignored that . 
  the first plane landed ok , the second one - crashed . 
  you have to work really hard to make it assasination attempt and not just fuck up ( obviously , russian side fucked up as well - they had the right to forbid landing altogether and should do that , but considering it was a president of poland it would probably cause political incident so i can understand why they did n't ) . 
  my favorite theory was artifical fog , 
  nobody except few marginal politicians that are n't in parliament are pro-russian in poland . 
  but macierewicz is just mad . 
  he 's the polish mccarthy , considers everybody a russian spy , and did more harm than good because of that ( even if he was right by chance a few times , which i do n't think he was ) .
