  most jews ( and poles , and other nations ) were gone after ww2 . 
  millions of poles were moved from eastern poland ( now in lithuania , belarus , ukraine ) , millions of ukrainians , bojko and \u0141emko people were moved from modern eastern poland to ukraine , significant amount of germans were forced to emigrate too . 
  stalin wanted nice borders and no problems , and nobody could say no to stalin . 
  end result = almost all people in poland are polish . 
  it completely changed the character of polish state . 
  skype is american now . 
  inviting russia was also weird , 
   if we would want to continue the debate at a country to country level , we would be breaking the lithuanian - polish treaty of 1994 . 
  your government want 's to discuss it , it has to break the treaty . 
  treaty specifically forbided people from talking about something ? 
  that sounds almost like fighting club  seriously , talking is ok . moving army to solve differences is n't . 
  western europeans does n't understand politics = = dangerous . 
  good for them . 
  i still do n't understand why are you affraid to allow people to write on their homes in whatever language they please . 
  poland is n't russia - we wo n't invade vilnius to protect our minorities . 
  and even if that was a real possibility - harsh legislation make it more probable , not less . 
  what stability hit are you speaking about ? 
  are you 're afraid poles will take over vilnius if you allow them to put signs in polish ? 
  and when you speak about political consequences - some silesians in poland want autonomy , yet nobody is forbidding bilingual signs where there are minorities big enough . 
  it 's not about what the country want , it 's about what the people want . 
  and germany ( a bigger country ) is right beside silesia . 
  arguments that national phobias should dictate policy towards minorities are just dumb . 
  i also highly doubt most poles in lithuania came there in 20th century . 
  we had commonwealth for 300 years and then 123 years we were occupied by the same country . 
  i 've heard about many polish lithuanians ( like pi\u0142sudski or mickiewicz ) that were there before 20th century . 
  can you give me some sources showing the opposite ? 
  wikipedia says polish minority in lithuania is several centuries old . 
  and you misunderstood me - i do n't advocate to stop that debate , i just think we should n't be only speaking about that . 
  for example - what is lithuanians stance on russia recently ? 
  how does the whole business with mo\u017cejki rafinery going ? 
  do you consider linking your gas or electric systems with polish ? 
  btw : it 's `` lithuanians '' and `` poles '' and not `` lithuanians '' and `` poles '' . 
  nation names start with capital letter in english . 
  just like language names . 
  if crimea has self-defence forces with tanks , planes and navy then terrorists can have f-16 , 
  it 's not a big problem ( the fighters ) , i just ca n't understand why you does n't like people who send them if you asked for them . 
  especially because you do n't do anything in exchange . 
  i 've never heard about that sikorski remark , but tbh it 's true - you make that one matter such a big problem , when you need poland far more than poland needs you , and it does n't cost you a thing . 
  it 's just irrational . 
  regarding minority laws in poland - minorities in poland can put multilingual signs with city names etc where there are enough of them , have their own schools if there are enough of them in some area , can choose minority languages in the final exams if they want to , have smaller minimal support level than the polish parties ( 5 % bias ) to get into parliament , etc , etc. 
  you can also put private signs with whatever you want in whatever language you want on your property , it 's not even regulated . 
  if you want to put a sign in welsh on your house it 's your matter . 
  i do n't understand why that would be a problem in any reasonable country . 
  and for most poles that 's all that we know about lithuania - they get our planes defending them , and they do n't like us and forbid people to put signs in polish . 
  i understand it 's misrepresentation , but i also think both lithuanians and poles would gain much more by dealing with that problem than making it the only point of our debate . 
  selling your work cheaper when you produce most you consume anyway is ok - you are more competive externally , and the prices are stable cause you produce most for internal market in country . 
  selling your natural resources cheaper when you import most of your consumption for that money , and does n't produce antyhing competive ( except weapons , maybe ) is n't a good idea . 
  yes , this could be a start of more reasonable economy in russia , if not for the fact that they are at the same time killing all chances of doing business with eu and usa . 
  that leaves china , but china is more competive and more developed than russia ( except for weapons ) , so it would mean russia would need to cut their salaries so much you will have revolution . 
  so i think russia is going to stay addicted to fossil fuels economy , and they are going to lose on a weak currency , and not profit . 
  better to be a dictator in bananastan than a former president in a well-of democratic country . 
  what 's wrong with polish leaders for lithuanians ? 
  i do n't recall they doing anything with lithuania except for sending the planes to guard your sky ? 
  maybe our media misreported something ? 
  and with redneck accent , too  pocze - s\u0142oma , 
  nah , it 's because of polish radical right-wing scene . 
  they were so butthurt after poland joined eu and none of their doomday scenarios realised that they must invent something . 
  now it 's homo-lobby , gender and bureaucracy that we all know come from eu and are the distilled evil and the only cause poland did n't have 20 % gdp growth every year . 
  i do n't really care how they call us . 
  the problem is the associations with the name , and not the name . 
  and the associations change . 
  is only temporary setback . 
  in september-october 1939 france and uk would rape germany with what little they had . 
  almost whole german army was in poland , and they had huge problems with supplies and spare parts . 
  unfortunately all they have done was small raid by french that retreated because of mine field . . 
  yes , mines work great against planes . 
  it 's like that joke about pigs and hens . 
  question : in a bacon-and-egg breakfast , what 's the difference between the chicken and the pig ? 
  answer : the chicken is involved , but the pig is committed !, 
  eastern europe is commited to its defence , nato as a whole is just involved . 
  you will be the other , worse commonwealth . 
  deal ? 
  yes there are reserves ( every healthy man ( that was n't studying on university ) was trained for half a year before 2009 iirc ) . 
  they are around 30 now , so it should be possible to get a few hundred tousands still in shape , but probably nobody remembers anything after 10 or 15 years . 
  we also have national forces of reserve ( nsr ) - it 's modeled after usa http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/national_guard_of_the_united_states this year there are 1700 volunteers training , i could n't find how much of them already passed the training . 
  after half a year they get back to regular life , and only need to train a few times a year , but in case of some crisis theyare called to deal with it ( it 's mostly about natural catastrophes , but they also train with weapons lke regular army , in case of war they can deal with more complicated hardware than regular people from draft ) . 
  then you will surely like their youth movement http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/nashi_ ( youth_movement ), 
   why eastern european nations were so against the missile defense shield in the first place they were n't ? 
  it was obama that was against it . 
  so russia invades estonia . 
  nato attacks russia . 
  russia says it will nuke eveybody . 
  what now ? 
  so ukraine would n't make nuclear weapons , but `` highly concentrated storage for enriched uranium with possibility of quick emergency disposal '' . 
  that 's so last century . 
  it 's `` live for your country '' now . 
  if they shoot russians it would end like in georgia . 
  why sorry ? 
  i understand russians call us pszeks , but i fail to see how it 's pejorative ? 
  russia : counting on winter since napoleon . 
  still mongols got you . 
  not gon na work every time . 
  i 'm sure eu will be so worried by russians not using google and facebook and more expansive supply to afghanistan . 
  the terminal is connected to czech republic and slovakia . 
  silesia is between the terminal and the czech republic . 
  anyway - we will see . 
  it 's hard to imagine russia not losing in the long term becasue of this whole invading business . 
  nar\u00f3d is nation , not country . 
  kraj or pa\u0144stwo would be country . 
  nto that it matters .
