  and i criticized them when they were doing stupid shit , including protesting on the streets when po tried to ratify acta . 
  you appear to see no evil in whatever pis does ( or you just do n't care about your country , and would prefer if everybody behaved the same - that 's apparently what `` intelligent '' people do ) . 
  effective nationalization of farming land - non issue . 
  removing the requirement of open competition for jobs in civil service - non issue . 
  taking over public media - non issue . 
  breaking constitution by president and prime minister - non issue . 
  project to criminalize saving lives of pregnant women when the pregnancy is threathened - non issue . 
  plans to sign ttip - non issue . 
  what exactly would be an issue according to you ? 
  poland and ireland are both imbalanced , they lean right-wing . 
  maybe it was a compliment ? 
  why people always assume evil is bad ? 
  this one-sided western morality is so last century , we should have moved on long ago . 
  if russia has right to its own version of civil rights - finalnd has the right to its own morality . 
  that 's the problem with direct democracy . 
  people are ignorant , and the more ignorant they are the more they think they are competent to decide on sth . 
  it was not description of their stance . 
  it was description of general polish stance , and predicted pis attitude . 
  why would he criticize himself , anyway ? 
  wprost quotes were manipulated out of context ( missing important parts ) , see there : http://x3.cdn03.imgwykop.pl/c3201142/comment_asjcrbvbunluzuvg0xf5isykjuedmz3a.jpg to confirm download the actual mp3 and listen to the relevant fragment , if you do n't believe me . 
  wiretapped private conversation vs public speech in tv . 
  it 's like the difference between usa president saying `` let 's nuke russia '' over a beer , and same president saying it seriously in tv . 
  not that imho it 's that big of a deal . 
  both pis and po has done much worse things than that . 
  `` real life ad-block considered dangerous . 
  last month , 100 000 people were killed by buses covered in ads . 
  should we ban real-life ad block ? 
  news at 11 . '', 
  do you really think abortion is bad and all liberals should be killed ? 
  apparently `` nature '' journal knows nothing about it . 
  as well as professors from polish academy of sciences . 
  you know , the https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/nature_ ( journal ) . 
  bunch of loonies . 
  good thing pis will tell them how primeval forest works . 
  if it 's really a bomb he 's dead either way ( knocking out people do n't disable explosives ) . 
  it if 's not - he 's fine either way . 
  may as well have some fun . 
  who cares what majority thinks about minority ? 
  polish citizens . 
  and if you somehow care about their ethnic background - in 1945 there was anothe wave of emigration - or rather tousands of polish soldiers in allies countries decided not to return to poland and instead to stay in uk , canada , usa . 
  and they were quite reasonable - many of these that decided to return were murdered by communists or persecuted . 
  really , poles for last 200 years were a nation of refuges . 
  1968 then . 
   i do n't like the taste . 
  70-80 % so you do n't even fell the taste . 
   imposing incredibly high standards with regard to personal privacy  europe is too free m8 , give me your data, 
  bitcoin . 
  usd . 
  gold . 
  there 's many options . 
   i 'm not willing to accept the deaths of tens of thousands . 
  i want to prevent that . 
  i do n't really understand how one is willing to accept deaths of tens of thousands so that we can trump on our chests about freedom . 
  that kind of cost is way too high . 
  are you supporting ban on driving cars , then ? 
  24 000 people died in car accidents in 2014 . 
  for comparison : terrorists killed less than 1000 in last 2 years in whole eu . 
   and to people who think this goes too far against our civil rights . 
  what about the rights of the 35 dead people in brussels and the 130 dead in paris `` the needs of the many outweigh the needs of the few '' and if you disagree - immediately ban driving cars , because they kill a few orders of magnitude more people than terrorists , and driving a car is not an essential human right unlike the right to privacy and to fair court . 
  i find it funny how people are ready to give up essential liberty because of a few hundred deaths a year , and yet decline to give up some small convenience to save tens of tousands lives a year . 
  but then again , nobody said people are rational . 
  defeating terrorism is impossible , no matter how much freedom you sacrifice . 
  there were `` terrorists '' in 3rd reich . 
  defending christian values in uk  you 're a few centuries late . 
  you 've already traded them for ( much more reasonable ) secular values . 
  there 's not mention of the actual rate in the article ? 
  if by europe you also mean russia - hell yes . 
  if no , it 's very , very , very dumb idea . 
  the change was : `` same drug is available on prescription '' vs `` same drug is available without prescription '' . 
  and it 's not like that drug is the only option . 
  imho that change wo n't change natural growth one bit ( main impact will be - less doctor time for serious matters ) . 
  how do you know ? 
  the rule is `` democracy or oil = you 're in '', 
  i do n't even know where to start . 
  `` europe '' provided humanitarian aid , took tousands of refuges from poland , created `` radio free europe '' , and supported solidarity . 
  they also took loses and reduced our debts once we got our independence , which is one of the reasons poland did as well as it did in 90s ( compare russia that had no such luck ) . 
  i was n't alive in 1981 , but i was in 84 , and in 89 i already knew that communism sucks . 
  neither of these have anything in common with the subject . 
  try actual arguments next time . 
  in poland it 's mostly regular , either - ak , - anin , or - a\u0144czyk added depending what sounds better . 
  that 's for male citizens . 
  female would be - anka . 
  examples : gda\u0144sk - gda\u0144szczanin katowice - katowiczanin warszawa - warszawiak pozna\u0144 - poznaniak most poles outside of lublin do n't know that the lublin is exception , and that the proper name for a citizen of lublin is lubelak instead of lublinianin or lubliniak . 
  people from kielce are sometimes called `` scyzoryki '' ( swiss knives ) , there was a rap song about that , i do n't know if it was the start of that name , or it was earlier . 
  it has bad associations in any case . 
  btw the longest polish word is supposed to be the diminuitive from the name for female citizen of constantinopole - konstantynopolita\u0144czykowianeczka , but it 's not really the longest word , and it 's not the proper denonym either ( should be konstantynopolitanka and dimnuitive would be konstantynopolitaneczka ) . 
  i thought they are incompetent . 
  i have n't voted them . 
  i did n't expected this . 
  they were n't this insane last time they were in power . 
  til . 
  still i do n't like this and i 'll protest . 
  poland has lots of coal and not much other fuels . 
  it 's cheap . 
  infrastructure 's already there . 
  people die of cancer decades later , so no feedback mechanism . 
   this needs courts approval according to that law you can be detained for 14 days with no court approval and no charges . 
  depends how long the court makes the decision . 
   and again , suspected terrorist abw ( internal security agency ) decides this . 
  honestly , i do n't care about terrorism .
