  pis is n't that conservative to begin with - conservatives would respect constitution for one thing . 
  this wo n't work . 
  pis will say `` kod are traitors , they work for germans to the detriment of polish state - see they lobby for germans to give us less money '' and people will believe . 
  end result of such strategy is poland completely isolated in eu , and opposition completely isolated in poland . 
  i think only usa can effectively influence pis at this point . 
  they wo n't be able to blame usa and eu at the same point for betrayal ( unless they go full retard and openly support linking poland to russia - and that is a death sentence for any party in poland ) . 
  it 's surreal . 
  pis do n't have enough votes to change the constitution , so it made regular law that is contrary to constitution , that allows them to fire any member of constutitional court , and slows down constutitional court to a halt . 
  and pis made the law work backward in time ( for cases started before it was even issued ) ... constutitional court judged the law to be unconstutitional ( which is obviously true ) , and pis already said it is going to ignore this decision because court should judge that law using this law : / when pis finally loses power kaczy\u0144ski and duda should be jailed for attempted coup . 
  women are evil . 
  easy . 
  they do . 
  all the milk bars i 've seen were full . 
  the problem is - they depend on public funds to keep the price low . 
  and politicians like to cut the donations . 
  i have a better idea - let turkey join eu and put all the migrants there . 
  then they will get citizenship and move to germany as turks not refuges = everybody 's happy . 
  macierewicz ( new defence minister ) is basicaly mccarthy . 
  he even has a wand . 
  our wizards should have wands too . 
  lol . 
  russian propaganda : `` katy\u0144 massacre was nothing like holocaust . 
  ukraine defending against russian invasion is like holocaust . '', 
  you mean euromaidan is responsible for russia like nazis for holocaust ? 
  do you think bush policy on iraq is better described by fox news or cbs ? 
  would you prefer to learn about tiananmen square protests in chinese media or taiwan media ? 
  do you think it 's better to learn about holocaust from allies or nazis propaganda ? 
  great job defenders of christianity and polish culture . 
  i hope some of you will reconsider supporting racism and xenophoby . 
  quite sensible , 
  birch tree ca n't damage aeroplane - smole\u0144sk crash was an assasination . 
  hard working ? 
  totaly undeserved btw . 
  little known fact - for every 1000 tourists in auschwitz 1 stays forever to keep the ritual going . 
   same as to other mentioned figures , they were hypocrites and opportunists just like putin is . 
  so , iiu you correctly you argue that : - hitler was n't a nazi - stalin and lenin were n't communists - putin , orban and kaczy\u0144ski are n't conservatists ok . 
  i think i 'm done arguing about that . 
   so what 's `` conservative '' about his policies ? 
  i leave it to conservative websites to argue that : http://www.conservapedia.com/vladimir_putin  in terms of achievements , putin has successfully opposed the homosexual agenda and has supported pro-life reforms . 
  he has also stabilized the russian economy and restored russia 's national pride , largely by politically exploiting the financial windfall of europe 's need for russian oil and gas . 
  http://catholicism.org/russias-putin-why-liberals-hate-him.html  under putin christianity in the form of the russian orthodox church flourishes . 
  it has a role in the nation 's public life it has n't played since the days of the tsars and that would have the aclu and b\u2019nai b\u2019rith filing lawsuits in the u.s. 
  the russian constitution provides for religious freedom , but it is always clear that among the various faiths with official standing , the orthodox church is first among equals . 
  for instance , at putin 's inauguration in the kremlin 's st. andrew 's hall , the patriarch of moscow was on the platform to impart a blessing but there was no rabbi or imam in sight . 
  when cosmonauts are sent into space there 's an orthodox priest on the launch pad to sprinkle holy water on the rocket . 
   a country ruled by a divorced playboy i also do n't see how private life of a politician change his ideology . 
  were lenin or stalin communist ? 
  after all they were n't exactly big on the whole equality idea when applied to themselves . 
  communism was supposed to be paradise of workers governing themselves and having equal opportunities , no eploitation etc. 
  yet we call ussr a communist country . 
  hitler was n't exactly an example of arian racial purity either . 
   where more people are aborted than in the whole eu , where barely few percent attended easter mass putin and his party is criticizing both , and work actively to change it . 
  why does it matter for their ideology that they are not where they want to be ? 
   economy is based on a network of state owned or controlled and corrupted oligarchy there is nothing inherently conservative in free market . 
  in fact when free market was first propagated ( by liberals ) it was widely criticized by merkantilist conservatives . 
  free market is only conservative in relation to communism . 
  russia is n't communist now , it 's more of a feudal state . 
  notice , that even now many conservative politicians push for protectionist and socialist-like economic policies ( bank and mall taxes in poland and hungary , 500 + social benefit policy , etc ) . 
  conservatives say putin is conservative : http://www.conservapedia.com/vladimir_putin http://catholicism.org/russias-putin-why-liberals-hate-him.html https://www.righton.net/2016/01/14/vladimir-putin-and-the-conservative-revolution/ putin party says it 's conservative :  in 2009 , the party united russia proclaimed `` russian conservatism '' as its official ideology [ 2 ] [ 3 ] [ 2 ] white , stephen ( 2011 ) . 
  understanding russian politics . 
  cambridge university press . 
  democracy in russia : problems of legitimacy . 
  power and legitimacy -- challenges from russia ( routledge ) . 
  putin main ideolog - alexander dugin - says putin and russia are conservative : http://www.4pt.su/en/content/world-needs-understand-putin putin announces cosnervatism in his speeches : http://www.interpretermag.com/vladimir-putin-set-his-sights-on-conservatism/  in june , at the popular front congress , where putin was elected the leader of the movement , a conservative upf manifesto was adopted , and veterans were asked to formulate an appropriate national ideology . 
  in an interview with the first channel and the associated press , the president once described himself as a pragmatist with a conservative bias : `` conservatism means reliance on traditional values but with a mandatory element , aimed at development . ''  in september , the president returned to the subject in his address to the federal assembly espoused conservatism . 
  the speech in question : http://en.kremlin.ru/events/president/news/19825 ...  today , many nations are revising their moral values and ethical norms , eroding ethnic traditions and differences between peoples and cultures . 
  society is now required not only to recognise everyone 's right to the freedom of consciousness , political views and privacy , but also to accept without question the equality of good and evil , strange as it seems , concepts that are opposite in meaning . 
  this destruction of traditional values from above not only leads to negative consequences for society , but is also essentially anti-democratic , since it is carried out on the basis of abstract , speculative ideas , contrary to the will of the majority , which does not accept the changes occurring or the proposed revision of values . 
   we know that there are more and more people in the world who support our position on defending traditional values that have made up the spiritual and moral foundation of civilisation in every nation for thousands of years : the values of traditional families , real human life , including religious life , not just material existence but also spirituality , the values of humanism and global diversity . 
   of course , this is a conservative position . 
  but speaking in the words of nikolai berdyaev , the point of conservatism is not that it prevents movement forward and upward , but that it prevents movement backward and downward , into chaotic darkness and a return to a primitive state . 
  no matter if you like it or not - current russian ideology calls itself conservatism , and is recognized as conservatism by conservatives and liberals all over the world . 
  but i guess you know better , because you like conservatism and do n't like putin - they ca n't be similar . 
  right , maybe . 
  tbh i do n't bother reading interpretations of other people 's essays , 
  you meant the umberto eco essay ? 
  where it does that ? 
  i agree some points could be applied to both sides of political debate ( at least in poland ) . 
  for example newspeak is used by ever single social movement right now . 
  hell , even every social website has its own newspeak . 
  also both sides tries to put legal mandate of the other side to govern in doubt . 
  and both sides use qualified populism ( but pis does so more vigoriously recently ) . 
  and i agree some points could be applied to germany ( not the ones you point out , though - germany and sweden are n't perceiving themselves as victims , more like misunderstood parent of special concern kids ) . 
  but yes they ( especially germany ) have some issues with democracy . 
  it 's because of the way the state was constructed after ww2 i think . 
  still recent conservative movements in c&e europe like putin russia , orban hungary , or pis in poland are much too eagerly taking cues from fascist ideologies and populism techniques . 
  the besieged fortress syndrom and qualified populism ( i 'm stealing that phrase - it 's exactly what pis does and what frustrated me so much - dividing poles into real poles and thieves/communists/traitors , and calling yourself the voice of the real poles ) are taken straight from the fascist propaganda books . 
   what with eco being an admitted leftist yes , what with that ? 
  the essay starts with denouncment of soviet totalitarism as well as nazism . 
   saying that `` this , this is fascism . 
  no arguments allowed . '', 
  where he said that ? 
  feel free to state your arguments . 
  communism was a religion in all but name . 
  there were articles of faith , ceremonies , saints , everything . 
  i 've never seen nazism implemented on national scale but i suspect it was the same . 
  for sure : 1 , 2 , 3 , 4 , 5 , 6 , 7 , 8 , 12 maybe : 9 , 11 , 13 not really : 10 it 's a little more complicated , because pis is relegating some of more extreme views to his allies ( rydzyk , kukiz , various fringe national movements ) . 
  it becomes satirical sometimes , like when kaczy\u0144ski said to people protesting against pis `` whole poland is laughing at you ... '' then gave the microphone to some underling to finish `` communists and thieves '' ( it rhymes in polish ) . 
  that way nobody sues him . 
  the essey is nothing revolutionary for me ( i was seeing signs of resurgence of this kind of thinking on a popular polish site that i love and hate - wykop.pl for years ) , but still very sad .
