  thx . 
  could you explain this idiom ? 
  i do n't get it . 
  neonazis are a minority when you think about it . 
  it 's funny how people think racism and sexism are the ultimate evil . 
  that makes them bend the definitions and argue about petty details , when the real question is n't `` is this racist ? 
  '' , but `` is this ok ? 
  and jewish tombstones . 
  and polish . 
  and bricks from `` regained territories '' . 
  communist after ww2 murdered people in tousands , country was falling into stalin dictatorship , people lost half of their families in war , had to move because of changed borders , had no homes . 
  few people cared about stones . 
  dumb leftist , if you please . 
  i never beat up anybody . 
  i 've even had debatable luck to hear him in person . 
  so what ? 
  he 's dumb nationalist thug . 
  but only ussr send its army to help germans invade poland on 17th september 1939 . 
  we have this stereotype too . 
  mostly about kevin and karina , but also other names from foreign soap operas . 
  the reasoning is - only people from pathological families would call their kids so . 
  i guess it 's because rising taxes and postponing retirement may be a good idea ( and was in that case good idea ) , so it was good he have n't opposed them . 
  private fund heist on the other hand was bad - i agree . 
  imho `` is a nationalist '' alone shows he 's not clever . 
  being a populist does n't make it any better . 
  and i expect top-level politicians to know how to read stats , without that you wo n't be able to make educated decisions , or even understand what 's going on . 
  sorry , but matura-level math is prerequisite in my opinion . 
  maybe even m.a. 
  level ( i do n't know if there 's gauss distribution on matura anymore ) . 
  left are mostly old post communist politicians that lost all credibility last time they were in power ( huge corruption scandal ) , also their leader is responsible for poland agreeing to usa prisons on our land . 
  and he recently supported putin . 
  and for president candidate they chosen unknown but very young and pretty woman , that declined to answer journalists questions . 
  and the only alternative was palikot , which was in his life : christian right , center right , liberal left . 
  a few years ago he got good result as liberal left anti-system politician . 
  but he was in po once , and now po has bad pr among young people , and he did nothing wiht people support . 
  so young people moved to other `` anti system '' politicians , mostly to kukiz and korwin mike ( both right wing ) . 
  man working as body builder and a bouncer in a club , that only finished primary school , and is a nationalist . 
  had court case for beating up someone . 
  great idea to make him a president . 
  i think braun just pretends he believe in all that shit . 
  ca n't be that dumb and get funding , right ? 
  president ca n't change law . 
  that 's the worst thing about presidential elections - 90 % of time they talk about stuff that president do n't get to decide anyway . 
  also now i 'm considering him . 
  he 's stupid , makes tons of gaffes , and still unfortunately is the least evil out of these 10 people :(, 
  i mostly live in lublin , eastern poland . 
  the city started on a hills above valleys of three small rivers , probably because of defensive advantages . 
  bystrzyca river was regulary flooding in spring before zemborzycki artifical lake was created . 
  the first hill to be inhabited was `` thursday hill '' ( so called because it was important trade center in early middle ages , and the market day was thursday ) , first traces are from 6th century , but it got important around 10th century . 
  around that time people started to build on other nearby hills one after another - castle hill with fortifications , then old town hill , then next ( unnamed ) hills . 
  first mention of the lublin castle in historical sources is from 1224 , but it was made of wood at the time . 
  city was attacked by tatars , ruthenes , yotvingians and lithuanians and was destroyed several times . 
  it was also temporarily ruled by kingdom of galicia -- volhynia between 1289 and 1302 . 
  in 1317 lublin got formally recognized as a city ( got city charter ) , and during reign of casimir the great it got masonry castle on the castle hill , and walls around the old town hill ( it was important from military pov at the time as a biggest city on that part of the polish border ) . 
  after personal union between poland and lithuania lublin found itself in the middle of a new quasi-country and started to grow fast . 
  it was midway between krak\u00f3w and vilnius , and midway betwen warszawa and l'viv . 
  city got a `` storage trade priviledge '' from the king w\u0142adys\u0142aw jagie\u0142\u0142o - all merchants going through lublin had to put their wares on sale there for a few days before going further . 
  that made it the place of the biggest trade fairs of medieval poland ( and lithuania ) . 
  it also was known as `` polish italia '' because nobles and merchants living there hired so many italian architects and stoneworkers , that they formed small italian city-in-city . 
  they developed architectural style called lublin renneisance , which is unique to this part of poland . 
  when poland and lithuania turned from a personal union into a commonwealth - it was negotiated and signed in lublin , it was also a place of lesser poland crown tribunal ( one of 2 highest courts in poland at the time - the other for greater poland was in piotrk\u00f3w trybunalski ) . 
  it all went bad after partitions of poland - lublin stopped being in center of poland and became a small city in western russia . 
  it had small industrial boom after railroad between warszwa and l'viv was built . 
  when poland regained independence in 1918 the first temporary government was formed in lublin , so lublin was a capital of poland for a few months . 
  kul was also created then - a catholic university . 
  plage & la\u015bkiewicz build aeroplanes ' factory there at that time , too . 
  up to ww2 it was an important city for polish jews - the biggest jewish university in poland was in lublin , jews had their press , their own hospital , orphanage and other institutions , and they made up around 30 % of city population before ww2 . 
  during ww2 city was captured by russians in 1939 , then by germans in 1941 , then by soviets again in 1944 ( with help of polish partisans against germans , afterwards soviets imprisoned many partisans in lublin castle and murdered them , btw it was the same place germans kept and killed their prisoners in lublin during ww2 ) . 
  germans during ww2 methodicaly blown up the whole jewish district that was in the valley around castle hill - now it 's a park . 
  they also built a death camp in nearby majdanek and killed hundreds of tousands of people there , mostly jews but also poles , russians , gypsies and other `` subhumans '' . 
  in 1944 after `` liberation '' lublin became a temporary polish capital again ( but to russian pupet government this time ) . 
  after ww2 communists created `` atheist '' university - umcs to balance the catholic one ( in communist poland kul was the only university not under direct control of state , also the only university where they were teaching economy other than marks + engels + lenin ) . 
  in 1980 lublin and nearby industrial cities ( kra\u015bnik , \u015awidnik , radom , and other ) started to strike ( a month before famous strikes in gda\u0144sk dockyards where solidarity started ) - the strikes were pacified by militia . 
  umcs got big , after a while a technical university , a medical university , and agricultural university separated from it . 
  that made lublin a big education center since education boom started in 90 's . 
  city has around 350 000 population , and 100 000 university students each year . 
  that 's it i think . 
  tl ; dr : lublin was ok when it was n't on border . 
  we need both . 
  on x axis there 's financial institutions and markets development ( on scale from 0 to 1 ) . 
  on y axis there 's effect of that financial development on economic growth . 
  apparently too big financial sector is bad for economy . 
  `` day of wacko '' http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0330243/ , 
  wow , was 1 % of gdp when i last checked ( around 2008 ) . 
  thanks guys . 
  lol at the polish nationalist in the comments . 
  also the article is wrong - the brigade was already planned in 2012 , so it 's not because of recent putin conquests . 
  because a lot of it works . 
  for example free education ( see gi act in post ww2 usa to see the advantages of free university education ) . 
  btw usa has more welfare than eu states in some departments ( food stamps ) . 
  it 's more about interest groups and lobbying than about ideology to be honest . 
  is he german per chance ? 
  keep in mind that almost everybody support public healthcare and public education ( including free university education till m.a. ) . 
  and gun laws that would make american shout `` police state '' . 
  political labels do n't map between countries . 
  nepotims in private companies hurt owners , that can react to that if they want . 
  nepotism in state owned companies hurt taxpayers , yet they ca n't do anything about it . 
  also - working in mines is indeed unhealthy . 
  the state owned mines also are n't profitable . 
  mining and using that coal has negative impact on einvironment , making even more people sick .
