  well , i guess you expect a return in this kind of situation . 
  you do n't always get one , except the experience . 
  in a lot of cases interns are used as free or cheap labour with no future prospects and in those cases it is quite unfair . 
  well , it is not so black and white . 
  how are people coping with the devaluation ? 
  the migrants are coming from the poorer post-soviet states than russia . 
  central asia , caucasus , balarus and ukraine . 
  . . assuming that the trend will not change in 44 years . . 
  thanks for the source that supports my comment . 
   the government did n't pass on information to the airliners . 
   the intelligence and cabinet knew it , they decided to keep it secret . 
  you did n't answer my questions though . 
  again , who is the ` government ' , the ` intelligence ' and the ` cabinet ' ? 
  throw us some hard facts , not just speculations . 
  again , it still shows incompetence , no doubt about it . 
  your comment just follows the usual russian media and troll narrative . 
  are you implying that the ` government ' , ` intelligence ' and the ` cabinet ' wanted such a disaster ? 
  in that case , ask yourself why . 
  there is no reason really , everything that followed the mh17 crash could have happened anyway at the will of the elites , they hardly needed public support . 
  there is no conspiracy here , just ineptitude of western communication and decision making . 
  in other words , people would rather run around in circles instead of doing something , because doing something requires effort , time and money . 
  here , the grand conspiracy explained and simplified again with the use of occam 's razor . 
  of course it is not definite , but definitely more likely . 
  who is the ` europe ' and ` everyone ' that you refer to ? 
  some people might have expected such thing to happen , but business have to continue . 
  air companies could have decided to divert the flights themselves , but they did n't , because of all the muddled information and the hassle that would come with it . 
  the failure to prevent these things from happening does reveal the incompetence , but not the fault . 
  no they are not , good anti-corruption shakeup is welcome , but you need something to stand on . 
  that 's the case in lithuania at least . 
   funny that this exact company was targeted for leaks then - right ? 
  oh how lucky western oligarch are - right ? 
  it is not that funny . 
  some anonymous guy working for the company did the leak , so clearly you did not even read about the actual leak . 
  western elites involved ( pm of iceland the best example at the moment ) are already receiving their backlash from the public , while you got plain censorship about this in china and ` western lies ' in russia . 
   politicians and very rich people have that luxury ( unfortunatly - just talking facts here ) to escape justice by calling it a smear campaign or attack or whatever and it usually works . 
  true and unfortunate . 
   '' if you want the truth , you have to act rationally by addressing the ` lies ' in a proper manner . '', 
   and what if they do n't ? 
  well , that 's up to you . 
  i try to engage and inform myself as well as other people i interact with . 
  that 's the start at least . 
  no officials from my country so far , sadly , so no proper activism yet . 
  read the report and the analysis . 
  western elites are probably hiding their assets with other companies . 
  they should and will be scrutinized if it is leaked eventually . 
  putin does not make a valid point . 
  look , if there are some evidence of a person committing a crime , that person has to dispute the evidence , not call it a ` phobia ' or ` lies , propaganda ' whatever . 
  that 's like pulling out a race card to evade something . 
  if you want the truth , you have to act rationally by addressing the ` lies ' in a proper manner . 
  out of everyone listed so far , he is the most powerful , so obviously , putin will be the headline . 
  also , it is a campaign against him , a man is stealing from his own people and he deserves all the shit coming his way . 
  such a campaign should be questioned only by those who are corrupt , there is no need for the public to try and justify this . 
  years , maybe even decades . 
  there are certain requirements you know . 
  delusional people might doom europe , not muslims/jews/insert anything here/africans/eastern europeans /, 
  people like this do exist . 
  i like [ this ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nn9hy4yniv0 ) interpretation . 
  hard leftists do n't hold much political power though . 
  they are just loud and mostly in us , if i am not mistaken . 
  summary  george f. will , a conservative american political columnist , wrote : '' [ white guilt is ] a form of self-congratulation , where whites initiate `` compassionate policies '' toward people of color , to showcase their innocence to racism . 
  [ 6 ]  commentator sunny hundal , writing for the guardian , stated that it is `` reductionist '' to assign political opinions to a collective guilt such as `` white guilt '' and that few people on the left actually hold the views being ascribed to them by the conservative writers who expound on the concept of `` white guilt '' and its implications . 
  [ 7 ] hundal concludes : `` not much annoys me more than the stereotype that to be liberal is to be full of guilt . 
  to be socially liberal , in my view , is to be more mindful of compassion and empathy for others . '', 
   one academic paper suggests that in france , white guilt may be a common feature of management of race relations -- in contrast to other european countries . 
  [ 8 ] still , it looks largely an american thing looking at google trends, 
  how large is this group of people ? 
  gim me some hard info , something to actually research, 
  who are ` they ' ? 
  well , let 's start with the fact that not everyone perceives it as ` committing suicide ', 
  how can you be sure that this is the motivation that people act upon ? 
   lopping peoples heads off with machetes , raping , & burning down villages is this some sort of genetic disease ? 
  some things are tied to genetics , maybe even increased aggression , but these traits are not strong enough to negate the effects of the environment . 
  if humans are so strongly influenced by dna , how did we even progress towards a civilized society from caveman ? 
  the environment changed and/or new opportunities arose , like cooked food . 
  deep in our brains we , somalian or american , still have animal instincts , territoriality , aggression and other leftovers of evolution . 
  the environment creates a situation where that part of the brain is more active and useful . 
  first , you are the product of your environment . 
  a person is only fully capable to change their environment when they grow up physically and mentally . 
  however , it is usually too late by the time that happens . 
  in other words , you need a truly fucked up country first to get a higher output of fucked up people . 
  sad times in / r/europe, 
  ` here 's an overused meme that completely demolishes your argument ' - ha !, 
  people have illusions all the time . 
  the rise of populism just proves it . 
  for instance , i do n't think people in poland expected the current party to take so many unconstitutional measures . 
  or the internet tax in hungary ? 
  ( if i remember correctly ) there are plenty of expectations and illusions , but no party will act the way individual expects them to . 
  it might be in the same direction , but means to an end is not set by the voter . 
  [ reminds me of ] ( http://images1.cliqueclack.com/tv/files/2010/10/community-e-pluribus-anus.jpg ), 
  all of this is based on a fact that russia could not have defeated nazi germany without stalin . 
  it is quite silly to base so much counter-factual history on one figure . 
  richard evans would like a word with you . 
  i am not saying that it is okay , but context is important . 
  contemporary societies are based on everyday involvement and surveillance by the government . 
  that statement is not some kind of dystopian vision-come-true , it just calls for more involvement in managing extremism . 
  think public social announcements and assimilation programs , not lawless persecution of extremist and anti-establishment groups . 
  true , belarus provides quite a lot for its citizens as they kept the soviet welfare model to some extent . 
  you do have a fair point . 
  well , ukrainians were not seriously oppressed either , but pursue of better standards of living within the eu eventually turned into maidan . 
  sounds like a hostage situation .
