  people might want better standards of living , but the possibility of ukraine scenario shuns them away ? 
  uhm , but that 's what governments do . . 
  i wonder if this is leading up to another colour revolution and what russia might do to keep belarus away from the west . 
  ` really easy to solve ' - got me interested in your comment , yet no solution at all was provided in further comment . 
  please do tell us your brilliant solution which can not be understood by the leftists and people who devote their lives for high politics . 
  you can make a statement like this on anything and it will somehow prove every other statement false ? 
  i assume your questions are not rhetorical . 
  a state can decide to pursue neutrality for many complex reasons . 
  it is usually based on security , tradition or economy . 
  norway and switzerland would probably lose out if they had to comply with all the eu regulations that are beneficial to other countries . 
  you are probably not aware of certain requirements needed to join the eu . 
  bosnia will have to reach them like any other country before them . 
  the potential of eu membership motives and drives change , it will only be for a better . 
  yay more poor countries to invest in and make money from . 
  norway and switzerland are going the neutral way , because they can without hurting their oil/finance economies . 
  they still refuse to integrate in the baltic states . 
  the languages are too hard and they see no need to integrate at all , eventually leaving them worse off, 
  i do n't recall saying anything about cutting funds and investments . 
  not sure what you are on about . 
  the number 58 is not a good statistic . 
  to judge the situation objectively you need to measure how many people actually integrated vs how many did not . 
  in other words , it is not so simple as you think it is . 
   we 're on a slow and painful road to destroying europe . 
  this will happen when we start shooting people because they want to be as well-off as we are . 
  i do n't think you understand how eu works . 
  besides , protectionist measures lead to awful things . 
  that is not what i am saying , it is much more complex than that . 
  use your own advice for yourself , here 's something to start with - * roy allison ( 2008 ) ` russia resurgent ? 
  moscow 's campaign to ` coerce georgia to peace ' ' * international affairs * 84 : 6 * andrei p. tsygankov and matthew tarver-wahlquist ( 2009 ) ` duelling honors : power , identity and the russia -- georgia divide ' * foreign policy analysis * vol . 
  4 * gail w. lapidusa ( 2007 ) ` between assertiveness and insecurity : russian elite attitudes and the russia-georgia crisis ' * post-soviet affairs * . 
  vol . 
  23 no. 2 * ronald asmus ( 2010 ) ' a little war that shook the world : georgia , russia , and the future of the west ' * paul b. 
  rich ( 2010 ) ` crisis in the caucasus : russia , georgia and the west ' i could keep going , but it is all western lies and propaganda , while your perception is the correct one , right ? 
  i would probably choose georgia in 2008 instead of ukraine as a tipping point . 
  nostalgia for the stalin era can be seen in the hard-liners . 
  moderate people have nostalgia for the post-1953 period , because they probably lived through it and it was n't as bad compared to the repressions of stalin . 
  that 's not the point . 
  i am not talking about ` good ' diplomatic relations , it is diplomatic relations in general since you put it as ` regular ' in the previous comment . 
  besides , the concept i am describing is trust , which is in many ways different from all kinds of diplomatic relations . 
  it is a different topic altogether . 
  you need to look into it through international relations paradigms and game theory . 
  simply put , no one can stop the states from cheating about a certain agreement or a deal . 
  there needs to be deep mutual trust and co-operation between two states to avoid possible cheating . 
  for instance , uk , us , ukraine and russia have diplomatic relations , but budapest memorandum on security assurances was still breached . 
  treaty breaches like this result in a lack of trust . 
  in a context of nato , can we really trust russia not to use the dismantling of nato for their own gains in the region at the expense of smaller states ? 
  the answer is - not yet . 
  i agree . 
  co-operation and integration is the key , but russia got cis and all that anti-west vibe going on right now . 
  that 's the thing . 
  can you trust russia and will russia trust the west ? 
  there are no guarantees , so the safest and most rational bet is to keep the current alliances and people in power do just that . 
  seems like a prisoner 's dilemma , dismantling nato might just make things worse . 
  here we go again . 
  the cycle continues . 
  become alpha , dominate , profit . 
  i know it 's satire , but it has little to do with the topic . 
  no need to pretend to know how things actually work, 
  hope so . 
  the only thing that can actually make it worse for everyone involved is the violence and the populist anti-refugee narrative promoted by the far right . 
  refugees are one issue , the rise of the far right is another and both need to be handled accordingly . 
  where 's the 2nd ? 
  what 's with all the downvotes and no responses ? 
  someones mad . . 
  my theory - corbyn was chosen as a temporary leader , so the next one would look like a rockstar and gain a lot more support . 
  how can you actually know that ` you ' are the ones who understand shit ? 
  this shit is complex . 
  all you have is a perception of an issue and a deception that you actually ` understand ' it correctly . 
  you have heard the number 4.6 k per year . 
  yet your [ interior minister said ] ( http://www.bns.lv/en/topic/1905/news/50600930/ ) that latvia accepted 300 refugees in 2015 . 
  this is a fact , we can understand it . 
  also , i am not going to claim that i understand how much refugees you are going to take in the future . 
  it might be 4,6 k yearly or it might be 4,6 k in total.we simply ca n't know this yet , there are too many nuances ( like rejecting the quota system ) . 
  also , we ca n't really tell how this crisis will affect european societies , yet everyone is announcing the caliphate , the destruction of our way of life and whatever else they can come up with . 
  no need to fall for it , first stand back and observe in the most objective manner possible . 
  ever been to a multicultural city ? 
  it is pretty awesome , as long as the cultures integrate appropriately . 
  not while russia is breathing at their back . 
  more balance/stabilization is required first . 
  hopefully , sooner than later it will happen . 
  you are not wrong , but there are two issues here , not one . 
  both far right europeans and migrants like these are bad . 
  the huffington post streesed the former . 
  you make it sound so easy . 
  ever tried it yourself ? 
  misinformed public on the migrant and refugee situation can lead to even more violence and clashes between them and the right-wing european population . 
  in other words , the rise of the far right is more important for europe in the long term according to the huffington post . 
  also , them being left-leaning media , it is nothing surprising . 
  with the current political situation in russia and belarus , they would likely attempt to erode the eu . 
  in other words , there are too many issues to solve first . 
  also , they do n't meet the criteria . 
  i wonder if this scenario is viable - russia helps create kurdistan , irredentist conflict in turkey with kurds as russian proxies . 
  what is the course of action for nato ? 
  go against a member state or against self-determination ? 
  if anyone knows any historical examples , feel free to share . 
  so , basically we just need to find some polls of how many people supported the maidan . 
  gim me a moment edit . 
  this one seems somewhat reliable - http://www.iri.org/sites/default/files/wysiwyg/2015-08-24_survey_of_residents_of_ukraine_july_16-30_2015.pdf . 
  the opinions highly depend on the region , but eu integration received more than 50 % while russian led customs union is about 14 % , so what miniscule minority are you talking about ? 
  an authoritarian president is the ` will of the nation ' as you called it .
