you clearly missed the part about the dialect . 
  i wonder how smugglers and money can help an economic migrant with that . 
  of course some of them will go through , but is your life so bad for you to be bothered ? 
  this reminds me of the soviet republics flags . 
  ignorance is leaking again . . 
  going to steal this comment - ` it 's called an refugee status determination process . 
  you get grilled . 
  there are interpreters speaking the dialect of the place you 're supposed to come from . 
  any inconsistency will disqualify you . 
  an algerian with a fake syrian passport will last about 1min . 
  can you provide a source for this ? 
  i like this argument and i suppose it could be used in other discussions . 
  how is this going to help anything ? 
  i understand freedom of speech , but doing this kind of thing just for the sake of it makes no sense to me . 
  well , they are okay . 
  4 medals in total , while lithuania has 7 and spain 12 in the eurobasket tournament . 
  soviet union still has the most at 21 and people attribute this to the russians , although they just used the best players from a large number of occupied countries and russia itself . 
  some scottish/irish people i meet see poland/lithuania/latvia / estonia as pretty much the same , while in reality scotland and ireland are much more similar to england than any eastern country are to one another . 
  now try to label and irishman or a scott as an englishman . 
  hilarity ensues . 
  the flat earth belief is actually a myth and a modern misconception . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/myth_of_the_flat_earth so i guess you are kinda wrong yourself by saying that everyone knew it centuries ago . 
  also , you can interpret the term ` puppet master ' in many abstract ways . 
  for instance , the ` puppet master ' can just be seen as the main actor on the opposing side . 
  one can argue that the rebels are the main actors , while another can say that it is russia with its propaganda campaign and massive military support who fuels the conflict . 
  i suppose no one is wrong here , but a lot depends on how you interpret things . 
  did poland shut its borders completely ? 
  poland is not as economically flexible to do the same things as germany does , but the number could be higher nonetheless . 
  a proper investment bank would be a good start . 
  imf and world bank are often accused of acting more in the interest of the developed world anyway . 
  oil got to keep flowin ' . 
  more or less it can be applied for the both 20th and 21st century conflicts involving anglo buddies in the middle east . 
  us only became more intrusive after wwii , while britain had the thing going for years already . 
  i just want to say that you can not hold people responsible for what their grandfathers did , but you should hold people responsible for what they are doing in the present time , because this wheel just keeps on turnin ' . 
  in other words , regret the past rather than repeat it . 
  you have lots of homework to do comrade :d the baltic people were independant before the russian conquest in the 19th century . 
  national identities were forming during that century , resulting in 1840s and 1860s revolts all across europe , including baltic states . 
  we fought for and achieved long awaited independance after ww1 which lasted until ww2 and the establishment of the communist regimes . 
  being part of a soviet state was not a choice of the people . 
  i do n't understand how russia can claim otherwise with all the violence and massive deportations that fallowed the occupation . 
  the armed partisan resistance , peaceful protests and the eventual independance ( again ) just makes the case, 
  most would blame ussr, 
  interesting read . 
  got any more studies on this subject ? 
  perhaps so , but would you be willing to travel and risk so much for better economic conditions alone if they are ` satisfactory ' already as you describe it ? 
  people migrate because of needs and grievances and we should address them , one way or another , rather than dismissing the issue altogether a.k.a becoming a fortress of europe as the guy before described it . 
  i have to agree . 
  this seems like hate-mongering for no reason . 
  there should at least be some kind of satirical message , not just ` mohammed = crazy ' . 
  the lazy southerner is not starving and fleeing violence . 
  not all immigrants are of course , but it needs to be taken into consideration . 
  well , you have a lot of little different facts , but none of them stand on their own . 
  in the end , most uprisings and resistance in the ussr was organized by other ethnicities , while it was moscow who gave orders to put them down with the help of the local communists . 
  also , after the collapse of the ussr most states moved away from the russian sphere of influence and remains distrustful for good reasons . 
  can you provide another apologist essay to explain this if ussr was run by a multi-ethnic elite of shared interests ? 
  furthermore , russia remains apologist about its past , while other nations embraced the cruel history . 
  why is that ? 
  no number of little facts will change this , but you can give it a shot . 
  so basically - ` it was not ok , but it was humane ' . 
  yeah , i guess gassing people are more humane than beating them to death . 
  in the end , saying ` humane ' about an atrocity is still a horrible thing to say . 
  yes , the ussr was a nice co-operation of multi-ethnic people . 
  no priorities for russians , no ethnic relocations , russification and the central government was for sure not making decision for the interests of the russian people . 
  a small minority does not change this sarcastic fact . 
  of course no one should blame the russian people themselves , but sadly the whole thing was controlled by the russian elite and not the elite composed of many different nationalities with no nationalistic priorities . 
  ask the historians . 
  most atrocities eased with the death of stalin and that is a fact . 
  i met an old men once who told me a story how he ( a few year old boy ) was taken onto a cattle train with his mother and taken far away . 
  he was n't really keen on this type of storytelling , so i did n't ask much about what he had gone through . 
  i guess in the end its okay , because ` the families were not left behind ' anyway . 
  stalin died in 1953 . 
  policy changed . 
  well , history is obviously complex , but why do you try so hard to make moscow sound as blameless as possible ? 
  accept the evils committed by your central government , like germany did , and move on , because to a person who suffered under the regime you sound just like a nazi apologist - ` we did n't gas the jews , it was that guy who turned the valve . 
  oh and we also had that anti-smoking movement , so it was n't that bad ', 
  russian language was still being forced in schools and workplace . 
  do n't pretend russification never happened , so the term russian empire 2.0 does apply somewhat , but not in the ` official ' way as you see it . 
  well , it is quite easy if you know the language . 
  it highly depends on your willingness to leave the comfort zone and take some risks . 
  clearly you are not fond of cooking . 
  even a slight variation in a recipe can result in a completely different dish with a different name . 
  there is no need to categorize it here . 
  edm culture ? 
  - [ berlin calling ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=drdf8oebuum ), 
  i agree , but discipline is a little different from ` beat the shit out of them ', 
  let 's spread the violence !, 
  that will show them !, 
  i still think that it is too simplistic , because 41 % were indifferent or gave no answer , meaning that it is not a simple choice between the two . 
  of course some people hold the view you described , but i do n't think it is so simple for the rest . 
  probably not . 
  i thought the previous comment was your perception , because none of it was actually mentioned in the article . 
  i think you are trying to simplify things too much . 
  that 's not the point . 
  ask those 50 % of the russian victims if stalin 's actions were justified . 
  i wonder how you came to that conclusion from a couple of photos . 
  some people might not realize that they are being abused before it is too late . 
  i think the best solution would be setting up and regulating some kind of minimum pay for the interns rather than ignoring the issue on the basis that it is simply a matter of choice . 
  for instance , students in the us choose huge debts in order to get an education , but it does n't always work out well . 
  of course you can choose not be an intern/student , but you will be at a disadvantage against the more wealthy and it will be even harder to climb the social ladder . 
  so in my opinion , something , rather than nothing , should be done .
