  they chose war instead and that 's what they got . 
  certainly the whole ` fascist ' ukraine propaganda did not help . 
  well , yeah . 
  people in eastern ukraine sure tried all the peaceful methods , before troops and military gear started pouring in from the east . 
  i 've read an article on the economist recently which gave me a new perspective . 
  the mafia/terrorists/local militia as well as poroshenko and russia all benefit from eastern ukraine remaining as a frozen conflict . 
  the armed locals get to play ` politics ' and rob others , poroshenko rule remains legitimate when there is a concrete enemy and russia can hold a degree of control over ukraine and slow its progress . 
  i would say the best opportunity for peace is the next election in ukraine , well , or russia . . 
  ` people thought they would wave some weapons and flags . . ' this is precisely the problem . 
  not to mention the fact of the foreign and malicious involvement . 
  anyway , what do you actually propose ? 
  for ukraine to simply give into the demands of people who want to fuck with their sovereignty ? 
  ( again , remember the foreign involvement which have different interests from the actual locals ) that 's not how politics work and i do n't think people living there understand this fact . 
  they hope that waving some flags and weapons will achieve something else than violence and senseless deaths . 
  true , but it hardly matters what they want . 
  they are not the ones pulling all the strings or making political decisions . 
  all they do is support people who shoot other people and expect something to happen because of that . 
  complete surrender is reasonable when you negotiate with people who took foreign arms and other help to break up a country . 
  simple people who got cought in this mess are not terrorists , but people who at first opportunity try to achieve political goals through violence are . 
  especially , when aided by foreign power . 
  look at catalonia , scotland or even the break up of the ussr . 
  seperatism is supposed to be as long and as peaceful process as possible , because otherwise it results in violence and unnecessary deaths of civilians . 
  it pretty much results in terrorism . 
  this is how ukraine and most of the international community perceives seperatism , while for some other actors , such conflicts are a useful tool to keep the near abroad in check . 
  the endgame is to have a frozen conflict in ukraine , so it is crippled and is set as an example of . 
  ukraine does negotiate ( both minsk agreements ) , but i do n't see why they should make concessions to people who are borderline terrorists ( remember mh17 ? ), 
  sponsored by a foreign actor . 
  diplomacy failed after heavy weaponary and troops started pouring from the east . 
  in other words , you can not talk to a puppet if the puppet master does not wish so . 
  well , even if they pretended to be gay to escape mordor , i ca n't really blame them . 
  i am tired of refuting the usual points of the russian narrative . 
  you just parrot it like any good troll would . 
  nato encirclement idea and all that nonsense has been refuted over and over again . 
  even that video does not address what i am talking about . 
  keep repeating what is being put in your head , keep deluding yourself , but make sure it does not lead to despair later in life . 
  i am fine with south americans shitting on the us . 
  they had their experience , we had ours . 
  you keep bringing up stalin like he personally boarded people onto trains to be deported . 
  unfortunately it was done by nkvd units consisting of russians and local collaborators . 
  the apparatus of this terror state had to be supported . 
  which majority of people supported it back then and still long for it today ? 
  you have ` obscure psychos ' in your duma mate . 
  http://uk.businessinsider.com/russia-reviews-baltic-states-independence-2015-6?r=us&amp;ir=t what about the nuclear attack on warsaw military exercise ? 
  calls for reparations ? 
  the estonian border guy who was kidnapped and accused of spying ? 
  the protection of people who killed lithuanians during the january 13 events ? 
  the border killings the same year ? 
  the list goes on and on man . 
   and russia of course . 
  i like russia as a country and i do have russian friends as well . 
  i do n't think individual people should feel responsible for what happened in the ussr , unless they actively participated . 
  however , we approached the core of the problem . 
  the russian government is actively trying to present ussr in a better light , downplay the atrocities , put blame on someone else and even protects people who stole and murdered from justice . 
  if these things were addressed , we would n't be talking . 
  people are genuinely scared because they remember themselves and have relatives who do . 
  unlike the italian comparison . 
  middle class , exactly , i did say simple examples lol . 
  what about the rest though ? 
  how many millions of lower class russians there are ? 
  how many see no prospect for a career and a satisfying life ? 
  / r/iamverysmart what responsibility are you talking about ? 
  the baltics chose to be responsible for their future , so did ukraine and georgia . 
  are you saying that these nations should also take responsibility for the gulgags , holodomor and the rest of the bullshit that the ussr imposed upon them ? 
  blaming individual nations is not useless . 
  look at germany . 
  people accepted their past , did right by others and moved on , while russian politicians still claim that the post-soviet states are not technically independent because they left the ussr illegally . 
  ( this is just one example out of hundreds ) if you do n't find this bizarre , you are either a tool troll or an indoctrinated moron . 
  i mean you just called stalin a mister . 
  to the people who suffered under the regime that is like saying mr. hitler . 
  nothing wrong here ? 
  i like that you pointed out the national identity . 
  russians often see ussr as part of their identity , while a lot of post-soviet states see it as an identity imposed upon them . 
  because it was . 
  and to finish off this deconstruction , where exactly did i proclaim my nationalism and superiority ? 
  i love my country because it is my home , same with europe , same with earth , nothing more , nothing less . 
  read my comment above . 
  i explain why i called it a ` russian experience ' and not ` georgian experience ' . 
  the narrative that you parrot is manufactured , the narrative i presented has been experienced . 
  oh the usual narrative again . 
  it is funny that russians shy away from the ussr regime like it was a friendly community project by a bunch of baltic states , some stans and a few slavic countries . 
  for some weird reason all the tanks were rolling into the eastern europe from russia , the soldiers and nkvd who deported people were speaking russian and russian language was mandatory in the ussr schools . 
  i do n't know what nationality politicians decided to invade afghanistan or suppress the protests across the warsaw pact and the ussr , but i am pretty sure it was not an interest and the orders did n't come from estonians , latvians , lithuanians , ukrainians , georgians , kazakhs , uzbeks and so on . 
  anyway , my next question - if russians have as much to do with ussr as everyone else , why the regime is being romanticised in russia , while most other post-soviet states hate the regime with passion and even ban the symbols ? 
  well , do n't you see reasons why a great deal of syrians , ukrainians , poles and a bunch of other nations would hate russia and its foreign policy ? 
  not that surprising considering all the meddling and the malicious narrative that comes out of kremlin . 
  i do n't really agree with hate , but i do understand why people are frustrated, 
  too soon ? 
  people succumb to that kind of lifestyle due to external agents . 
  no money = shit food , no entertainment = get drunk . 
  simple examples . 
  it is quite sad . 
  you know what would be funnier , a map of russia with cities named st. putinsburg , putinopolis , putinistov , etc. 
  russia is such a beautiful country and a lot of people are pretty nice and funny . 
  this map just kinda shits on all of that for de lulz, 
  the ` paranoid ' eastern europeans had a first-hand bloody experience of kremlin 's mentality and morality . 
  no matter what shit us does , it will be hard to top the 50 years of the ` russian experience ', 
  up to russians to decide , but as the saying goes - no russia without a tsar . 
  putin plays with the idea that russia requires a strongman or things will go back to like it was in the 90s . 
  in bet you have heard a similar narrative . 
  it is people who make a county .
