  in other words , is the humiliation you mentioned self-imposed , because russia attempts to keep its status in the ` near abroad ' even though , it is still in many ways backwards and a declining great power compared to others like china ? 
  nato and eu policy-makers are aware of this and they will keep promoting pivotal-shifts in the post-soviet space , because it is perceived as post-soviet space in the west , not as space of do-not -- poke-the-bear . 
  this is not really about censorship or ads . 
  you created a straw-man for yourself . 
  my post was about personal interactions with other people and understanding that what you say can create an emotional reaction in another person . 
  usually , that reaction can not be controlled . 
  people need to expect and not be surprised by it . 
  ( ` why emotion should supersede rational thinking ? ', 
  as / u/reportingfalsenews questioned earlier ) i am ** not ** arguing how to act upon it a.k.a censorship as you brought it up . 
  sexy ads are great . 
  i am not the guy you are having a discussion with , you need to go out meet some actual people . 
  controlling your emotions is great , but expecting every person from any background to do the same is just silly . 
  ( you said that people can choose to control them ) this is just plain wrong , uncontrollable emotions are part of humanity . 
  some people actually learn to control their emotions through philosophy , religion , meditation , by being a pshychopt nor whatever , but you are deluded if you think that people simply choose not to control them . 
  go out and see some fights in bars or get practical experience yourself . 
  also , your ` easy ' explanation makes an assumtion that only people who perceive themselves as right get angy.for example , what about if one tries to explain some universal truth to a flat earth believer and gets awfully angry and emotional about if it goes nowhere ? 
  is that being narrowminded ? 
  this guy gets it, 
  i do n't understand why so many people downvote you without a reply . 
  develop this discussion people , it 's interesting . 
  yes , but there are plans to meet the 2 % target by 2020 or sooner . 
  keep in mind the social , political and economic situation of some of these states . 
  they are not even close to the level of development of us or western europe and even with looming threats it is hard to convince the public to cut welfare or introduce new taxes in favour of military . 
  edit . 
  ca n't justify the prosperous states though . 
  i do argue for change in nato , but abandoning it altogether would be quite an uneducated move . 
  gee , i wonder what happened the last time us turned inwards . . all jokes aside , leaving nato is a radical move . 
  there are plenty of other measures that professional security advisors will opt for before going trump-shit-crazy . 
  it is already moving in the direction we all want it to go - https://admin.govexec.com/media/gbc/docs/pdfs_edit/deltadefensespending.png ( well , except for some states that have to be criticized for this ), 
  i understand your perspective and distrust of governments in these matters , but hate speech laws were introduced for a reason . 
  it does silence opinions , but those opinions are trashy , unproductive and obviously filled with hate . 
  i think the problem you are having is not with these laws , but with people who try to use them for other purposes . 
  our society is not mature enough to get rid of censorship completely . 
  imagine a situation where someone approaches you and your child ( added for greater empathy immersion ) in the street and just starts whatever vocal abuse imaginable for being black/jewish/ginger / blue-eyed/whatever . 
  are you saying that modern society should tolerate this kind of behavior , because everyone is entitled to complete free speech ? 
  i also distinguished that hate leads to violence . 
  you are right , there needs to be concrete definition of hate speech that does not infringe upon the right of free speech overall . 
  i believe we have this already . 
  one day the government can say ` this and that ' and people should have the right to oppose that . 
  the current economic situation creates too many risks . 
  let 's wait until fifa world cup , economic recovery or falling political ratings for some nagorno-karabach or transnistria action.that 's my guess at least . 
  hate speech breeds hate . 
  what 's wrong with laws against breeding violence ? 
  free speech should apply to people who have something worthwhile to say , not every lunatic that spills violent garbage from its mouth daily for reasons he does n't understand . 
  got to love dem 0s, 
  woah there cowboy , where exactly am i saying that life in russia is getting worse ? 
  it certainly got better . 
  it usually does , that 's how world economy works . 
  the problem is that people fail to see the processes that cause the improved standard of living . 
  it is much simpler to just attribute it to a strongman , especially when he keeps repeating the narrative . 
  take yourself for example , you pointed out many problems , but you still go on with defending the russian government , because ` the life got better ' . 
  do you have options to choose someone else or have these options been clenched ? 
  you are left with a single narrative and a choice . 
  who exactly wants you to make that choice ? 
  the answer is why it 's a problem . 
  you make a great point there . 
  something is definitely off , if one keeps parroting their own government 's narrative word to word . 
  always see this in / r/russia , people are so oblivious to the fact that they just repeat what the kremlin wants them to . 
  404 critical thinking not found or maybe that 's just stockholm syndrome + hypernormalisation . 
   every post-soviet state underwent the 90s you are talking about . 
  every single of those countries underwent an economic and social shock . 
  the democracies i am talking about are the actual democracies . 
  sadly , only a few of them out of all the post-soviet states . 
  sorry if you did n't quite understand what i was trying to say . 
  hypernormalisation all over again, 
  it is quite funny/sad how many russians understand the underlying social problems in their society , yet , there are hardly any protests or civil activity going on to address them . 
  ` putin will take care of it ' or ` blame the west ' wonder why this is . . 
  ` implying that russia is a special case and it requires a strongman to keep things stable ' - narrative brought to you by the state media , controlled by a strongman . 
  every post-soviet state underwent the 90s you are talking about . 
  funny how democracies moved forward and mostly talk about the 90s in terms of fights for independence , while russia remembers the horrible time when they did n't have putin . 
  ( who has been in power for 17 years now ) . 
  tldr : the created narrative of ` putin our saviour ' works so well , because russians are afraid of the reality without him , despite the actual reality . 
  i do n't understand this rhetoric . 
  since the populists are being compared to hitler too much , it is alright to be making the same mistakes germany did before ww2 ? 
  molotov-ribentropp pact , holodomor , deportations and mass prosecutions . 
  soviet empire was just as totalitarian and radical , except it did n't murder people so systematically . 
  russia is willing to divide europe and nato , which is yugely not in their interest . 
  the current tensions and spoiled relations , sanctions and all the loss of life during the chechnya , south ossetia , donbass conflicts . 
  in addition to having isolationist/nationalist policies , revisionist foreign policy approach and ideology to keep the current elites in power at the cost of eroding civil rights and the russian civil society itself . 
  moreover , i could also talk about the resource curse , wealth inequality in russia , environmental and health issues . 
  this is just a part of the baggage that came with putin 's rule or he is partly to blame for not having dealt with some issues in a manner that helps the local sasha and not his buddies that keep the crony capitalism going . 
  ( skip the whataboutism , the situation elsewhere is known for those who are interested ) all of this might have been avoided by having a different , perhaps more moderate , ruler . 
  it is all speculation of course , because no one can accurately predict what could have been . 
  however , the basic idea here is that i am very cautious about the argument - ` putin led us out of the 90s or putin made russia great again ' . 
  i generally put more trust on the market forces , not one man with limited capabilities . 
  to stabilize the situation putin had to surround himself with crony oligarchs . 
  this resulted in somewhat stable and growing economy ( which would have happened anyway imo ) , but at a cost of concentrated wealth and most of the today 's issues that i mentioned above . 
  everything comes at a cost and since i believe in markets more than i believe in a power of a single individual to ` make something great again ' , i do n't think putin was worth it , not one bit . 
  still people need to ask the question if it was worth it , considering the current situation and all the baggage that comes with putin 's rule . 
  lovely, 
  it is impossible to say , but consider the fact that every post-soviet state underwent economic and political turbulence after the collapse of the ussr . 
  russia just happened to get an authoritative leader with hard realist views , lots of baggage and responsibilities . 
  chechnya and other regions might have successfully separated under a different leadership . 
  in turn , today 's russia would have been smaller , but perhaps more prosperous and equal in terms of wealth . 
  rich and stable society would also diminish the value and necessity for the anti-western narrative and ideology in general . 
  in summary , russia without putin would have been on a rougher path , but with a brighter future ahead . 
   their anthem is pretty nice , but i do n't know the lyrics very well so i hope it does n't have su vibes or something . 
  is n't their anthem basically the old ussr one with changed lyrics and some notes ? 
  a certain degree of autonomy is reasonable . 
  eastern ukraine would have had a much better chance to achieve that through proper channels and peaceful means .
