  never realized this subreddit exists . 
  thanks !, 
  i love you too man :d, 
  it is jews all the way down / s, 
  check your math mate, 
  protests and mindless violence indeed . 
  for the glory of one 's nation of course !, 
  maybe its because they have a sentimental bias and i do n't see how that is a bad thing . 
  what would happen to the refugees if most media started reporting some right wing shite dailymail style ? 
  nationalism and violence against foreigners in my opinion . 
  now you just get a bunch of grunts from people who do n't like different cultures lol, 
  think numbers here . 
  refugees will constitute a very small percent of the population . 
  you make it sound like there are hordes of people with hostile values and intentions coming to change europe forever . 
  it will be shaped in some minor ways , but it is for us to decide if it will be done on good terms or bad . 
  if history can teach us anything - europe and the ` foreign environment ' narrative do n't end well . 
  credible argument bro, 
  it was only by name . 
  in other words , read a book instead of judging it from its cover, 
  if working together to split and occupy 5 countries is not an alliance i dont know what is . 
  of course you can pick any other definition of alliance to suit your agenda , but mine already seems reasonable . 
  sorry , i tought he meant britain and poland . 
  for ussr and germany look for the molotov-ribbentrop pact . 
  nasty stuff . 
  it expanded from a small community to a larger one . 
  now add a few issues , such as , greece and refugees and you get the right-wing sentiment slowly being reinforced , because it is easier to express yourself on the internet and find like-minded people . 
  it is much easier to blame/hate/fear / get distracted than have a civil discussion about some issue . 
  finally a first cold logic ai just appeared on the internet . 
  brace yourself , dystopia is on its way . 
  this is too deep in the thread , even though it is factually correct . 
  the cost of maintaining the region under control would also be too high . 
  last time armed resistance in lituania lasted 9 years . 
  i ca n't even imagine the shitstorm that would follow this time . 
  all things aside , you both look at this through nationalistic lenses and with whatever was imprinted in you during school years . 
  this map has a huge polish bias , what data is it based on ? 
  you both seem to be going off the rails . 
  how about dismissing your biases and reading an objective [ book ] ( https://global.oup.com/academic/product/the-oxford-history-of-poland-lithuania-9780198208693?cc=gb&amp;lang=en&amp; ) on the subject ? 
  the article states the exact opposite of your argument ...  these results were disputed by col. chardigny , the chief of the military inter-allied commission of control sent by league of nations , who officially declared that results are not valid , as most of the lithuanians , jews and belarusians boycotted the elections , and there was use of military force . 
  as a result of electoral malpractice such as not asking for a valid voter identification , noted by delegates from the league of nations , the elections were not recognized . 
  [ 13 ] [ full citation needed ] on 13 january 1922 the council of the league of nations issued a statement that the elected parliament was not a legal representative of the local population . 
  better standards of living, 
  vz.lt , lrt.lt and iq are probably the best for quality news, 
  they removed annonymous comments and allows a small fee to remove ads . 
  seems better than other news agencies . 
  which one do you prefer ? 
  i am pretty sure it is not a western characteristic , but simply an universal one, 
  feel free to criticize america , you ( probably ) wo n't get shot or jailed for that . 
   same argument can be said by , say , a german , `` hitler was not only a nazi , he was a fighter for free germany !, 
  '' , or by russian `` of course stalin was bad for his enemies , but he won the ww2 ! '' . 
  ehh , not really . 
  you simplify everything too much and ignore the context . 
  there really were proper jew-killing nazi collaborators , i am not whitewashing that . 
  they commuted crimes and they shall rot in hell for that . 
  however , a great number of people are being labeled as nazies by the russian narrative simply for accepting support in fighting the soviets ( nb - after the soviets occupied the baltics first ) . 
  some of them committed only one crime - supporting the nazi war effort . 
  not all of them had the same attitude towards jewish people or even the same ideology . 
  one man 's terrorist is another man 's freedom fighter . 
  crimes are crimes , there is no justification as you said . 
  however , there is also no justification of labeling everyone who fought against the soviets as nazi collaborators . 
  the purpose of this simplification is to serve the russian narrative , not to educate ourselves about the past in great detail . 
  because you know , umm , oppressed russian people , umm , fascists , umm , russian national interests are important too , umm , whatabout ... 
  every other russian comment about the baltic states will include the ` nazi collaborators ' thing of the past to diminish our history and further the argument of how we are the nazi badies and russians are still the victims . 
  however , the narrative skips the part that baltic societies are fully aware of the past and does not attempt to hide or change it unlike one of our close neighbors ... nazi collaboration was a thing all over europe and even further , however , it is only brought up when the topic involves the baltic states and russia . 
  furthermore , the mentioned latvian unit is honored for its actions against soviet occupants , not for violence against jews . 
  the russian narrative makes people think that such events go in line with chants ` yay nazies ' rather than ` yay , freedom fighters ' . 
  the agenda and bias is pretty clear with this line of thinking . 
  i had the author of that book as my tutor in historiography . 
  really decent and intelligent fella , it feels weird when other people specialize and know much more about your country 's history . 
  got to rustle them jimmies . 
  thanks for sharing . 
  was i talking about nato ? 
  how about an actual response to my comment rather than doing the whole ` whatabout ' thing ? 
  cmon , i feel dirty after having to type that word over and over again . 
  if you still want a response for whatever reason - everyone ( organizations , states , people ) have an agenda or a bias of some sorts . 
  it is a matter of recognizing it , acknowledging it and criticizing it . 
  my today 's focus is russia , so as ironic as it sounds , if you want to discuss nato , you can also find me in / r/russia . 
  edit  its always the same accounts which answer to this and write same shit over and over again yeah , that 's probably people like me . 
  russian supported tv channels and interest groups keep on pushing pro-russian narrative , which is often based on half-truths and distorted facts . 
  they try to undermine eu and nato influence , rewrite history ( by underplaying molotov-ribbentrop pact or focusing on nazi collaborators ) , cause rifts in society and shake the general stability of the ` near abroad ' . 
  they even go so far to say that soviet-successor states are ` geopolitical mistakes ' . 
  as long as this happens , there are reasons to feel threatened . 
  got to love the irony :d, 
  it ca n't be just your word against the word of someone else . 
  anyone could potentially be set up and blamed for the crime . 
  i think the legislation is meant to focus on more concrete evidence just like criminal laws are supposed to . 
  all lies all the colour revolutions were orchestrated by cia to suppress and destroy russia . 
  it is known . 
  well , at least that 's what kremlin tells us . . / s the will of the people can overpower the will of the elites . 
  of course some outside help is useful . 
  that is what happened and power hungry muscovites ' are afraid it will happen to them . 
  this is very simplified , but it explains the disapproval of all things western so well , even if those things are for the benefit of the common person . 
  this attitude did not come from the people prior 2008 , it came from the media/kremlin and it still does . 
  also , i 've heard that belorussian welfare is pretty nice . 
  not sure about the quality though , as i have yet to visit belarus . 
  however , do n't you think belorussian people have less options and opportunities when being dictated by a single state rather than being a member of a bigger community of states ? 
  have belorussian government stated any official arguments against that ? 
  what are the unofficial concerns ? 
  i understand , that 's why i tried to avoid mentioning it . 
  the point stands nonetheless . 
  farage is no hitler , but a good orator is not necessarily a good politician or a moral compass .
