  in a proper democracy the will of the nation is respesented by many other institutions , not president alone . 
  furthermore , since overthrow happened , it is quite clear that yanukovich failed to represent that will of seeking eu membership . 
  60 % russian according to the 2001 census and the number is lower than it was before the collapse of the ussr . 
  however , that is beyond the point of discussion - ` are crimeans better off ? ', 
  sometimes i think that people do n't know how bad the corruption can be in the post-soviet space states not part of the eu . 
  it offers quite a lot , that 's why people fought and died in maidan . 
  leaving the post-soviet space feels like leaving ussr 2.0 and turning a new page . 
  stability of being cut off and annexed by another country ? 
  ukaine became turbulent , because russia wanted it after the new pro-eu government was installed . 
  of course there is some instability while the government is transitioning , but it is not as bad as being in a conflict or annexed . 
  on the other hand , a properly integrated crimea into russian fedeeration might be more beneficial for the crimean citizens . 
  however , we ca n't be sure what future holds . 
  if ukraine joins eu at some point , they will outshine crimea in no time . 
  the benefits and growth opportunities for new members are massive . 
  i think you are connecting the wrong dots here . 
  people in maidan fought against the government , because the previous president refused the sign a deal with eu , meaning that post-ussr style corruption and values will remain in place . 
  the problems in the post-ussr states are huge , but they want to move on and progress ( like other new eu members ), 
  massive destruction is not genocide or ethnic cleansing . 
  there are clear definitions for these things and a destruction of a city is not one of them . 
  again , russia did bad , but we need to be clear when talking about it, 
  i am not defending the actions of russia , but do n't be so quick to judge . 
  more facts are needed to clarify the situation . 
  mindless genocide calling just makes every side angry . 
  got to love the downvotes and no response . 
  of course it will happen , why do you make it such a huge issue then ? 
  i understand your pessimism , but i doubt that such a small fraction of refugees will effect the rest of the country . 
  i believe it 's only 1000 so far and you ca n't possibly know what their future will be . 
  that is how many will fail or suceed . 
  you can hate me all you want for this outlook . 
  i just feel empathetic towards people with less opportunities in life . 
  does n't matter if its my fellow countrymen or not, 
  isnt that the point eventually ? 
  our society is getting older and we will need more workforce . 
  i would rather call it basic human decency . 
  to help a worse off person that is . 
  there are plenty of people who are well-off in lithuania through hard work and education . 
  if all you are good for is picking fruit , well , that 's is not the governments fault . 
  make your own life , because it wo n't be handed on a plate . 
  for the refugees ? 
  yeah , because a person who left everything behind and is in a completely different country can start a new life from scratch in no time . 
  i 've heard that no benefits can help people integrate faster as well / s, 
  i am afraid that russia has stated many things in the past . 
  nevertheless , serbia in the eu is important for russia , because that 's one less ally for their own economic bloc . 
  not critical as ukraine though . 
  well , as i said , some corruption remains , but it certainly does not get worse than it was before . 
  look at moldova for example and the recent scam . 
  yeah , i am not following this as well . 
  my point was - is there something beyond religion to blame ? 
  my guess - of course . 
  i once asked a british friend how much money you would need to bribe a traffic policemen . 
  he just laughed . 
  eu is pretty cool . 
  the form/size of the corruption certainly changes . 
  in the right direction . 
  not officially , because it is not their business . 
  geopolitically it is of some importance though . 
  i am not very familiar with the kosovo war , so what is the serbian side of the story ? 
  are serb actions completely justified in serbia ? 
  or this is some kind of problem with coming to terms with the past ? 
  in that case , the problem arises from the lack of modernity in islamic culture , not the islam as the religion itself ? 
  it might have something to do with [ this ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/%c5%bbeligowski%27s_mutiny ), 
  a badass lithuanian partisan leader who fought against the soviet occupation . 
  [ here 's ] ( http://www.partizanai.org/index.php/partizanu-vadas-generolas-adolfas-ramanauskas-vanagas ) a little book about him in both lithuanian and english . 
  great story . 
  too bad he was betrayed , tortured and executed for what he did . 
  again , it 's not that simple . 
  for example , the islam - nationhood relationship . 
  [ here 's a good read on this ] ( http://www.oxfordislamicstudies.com/article/book/islam-9780195107999/islam-9780195107999-chapter-13 ), 
  no it is not simple as that . 
  you are dealing with religion-state relationship here . 
  there are a number of complex processes and links that can help us understand the positive and negative changes in secularization . 
  social scientists devote their lives for this kinda stuff . 
  by saying that it is simple , you make yourself look simple . 
  why should it be ? 
  is this some kind of anti-pc circlejerk again ? 
  same here , i suppose . 
  a lot of people are sadly brought up with the 1st or 2nd stage in mind already . 
  somewhat natural for humans to identify themselves with a certain group . 
  care to provide any ? 
  that represents the opinion of the whole eastern europe and comes to the number 80 % ? 
  i did n't say your opinion is not true . 
  i said that the number 80 % might derive from the number of people of similar opinions or media that you surrounded yourself with . 
  for instance , my facebook is more like 50-50 . 
  basically , i just want to say that we need facts , not just random numbers , because they fail to represent the actual reality . 
  i just do n't seem to care about ` homogenous countries ' like you do . 
  they will change you want it or not . 
  history has no brakes , unless you take drastic measures . 
  i do care about human well-being and not just my countrymen , but every person in general . 
  in other words , our opinions differ because i can say that i do n't care as much about my country , it is just a country after all . 
  however , i could never say that i do n't care about a human , because he is just a human . 
  there is more to it , the philosophical domain i suppose . 
  you might have surrounded yourself with these kinds of people . 
  i have no problem with meeting the quota in lithuania . 
  it wo n't affect me at all , just going to get more delicious middle-eastern food and shisha tobacco . 
  it is all scare-mongering by the right and simple ignorance . 
  source : met some muslims and stayed in the muslim part of london . 
  did n't get blown up and enjoyed a different culture in general . 
  good times . 
  the problem with a lot of people in eastern european countries is that they have never met a muslim or even a black person . 
  they do n't relate to them as they relate to a familiar person .
