do you have the data controlled for poverty and education ? 
  also what 's surprising for you about the fact that at the margin people rape more if they come from a culture where.the woman is often considered inferior ? 
  that 's because they legalized corruption . 
  unlimited financing to political parties and for lobbying is what corruption is about in the rest of the world . 
  judges are n't part of the government in uk, 
  france invaded italy repeatedly for centuries . 
  they even stole the papacy for a little time . 
  now they are suspending schengen on the border to avoid sharing the refugees , many of whom come to italy even if they only speak french and would like to go to france . 
  france opened its border for italian terrorists for many years . 
  i mean that terrorists could escape to france and they wouldnt be prosecuted . 
  we are talking comunist terrorists . 
  they could wine and dine in paris , write their bloody books , after they killed or helped to kill or created the culture in which red terrorism thrived in italy . 
  also , there is envy . 
  they have nuclear bombs we have berettas . 
  burgundy and bordeaux wines sell for thousands per bottle , amarones and barolos for hundreds if lucky . 
  germany allows france to have a deficit over 3 % , while they apply a savage austerity to us . 
  remember that ? 
  italy got civil unions this year . 
  not a decade ago, 
  i was trying a triple loop post about a non british making a british-sounding joke about britishness , i am sorry if i did n't deliver . 
  i am not british, 
  and this guys , is why british ~ ~ humor ~ ~ humour is famous worldwide, 
  italians have been expelled repeatedly from eu countries when they were not financially self-sufficient , without any `` fair trial '' . 
  it 's not a matter for tribunals , expulsion is not jail time , i do n't see why you need `` fair trial '' . 
  and then it will be like in any other political matter . 
  public opinion will shift if we do n't like that , and the interior minister will lose his job etc etc. 
  iranians are white people . 
  i am sorry you do n't like our system . 
  do n't come and have children here if you do n't like it . 
  unfortunately for us , we are in a situation where we have much more supply ( of potential entrants ) than demand ( given high italian unemployment ) . 
  that means that we do n't care if many people call our citizenship laws `` too strict '' . 
  we 'll listen to them when we will have the opposite situation ( need 200k people per year and those people are n't available to come here ) . 
  for now , less people come to italy from abroad the better it is for italians . 
  you need the right to expel somebody because of gray-areas info you have on him . 
  with citizens , you ca n't . 
  with foreigners basically the principle should be `` we should be able to expel you if your presence in italy is a net-negative for society '' . 
  that 's the basic principle . 
  and we should be able to do so , because that 's simply the best thing for italians ( and what is best for italians should be the only concern of italian laws and italian istitutions ) . 
  how do you define in a law how to weight if someone is a net-negative for italy ? 
  you ca n't . 
  the quality of life of italian citizens should be the only parameter . 
  does the presence of this non-italian improve it or not ? 
  `` we '' is the legal government of italy , the ministry of interior . 
  they are voted in by the parliament , which is voted by the people . 
  reason is : we consider you a security risk for our country . 
  often that 's because of anti-terror investigations , which ca n't and should n't be made public in detail . 
  you do n't tell the hacker what you did to find his intrusion in the system . 
  other foreigners in the country are happy when we reduce their risks too . 
  the foreigner community is the first victim everytime some foreigner commits some crime . 
  due process is for crimes . 
  expulsion is n't a punishment for crime , is an unilateral revoke of a privilege that we gave to some1 ( to stay in our country ) . 
  there is no right to live in italy , if you are not an italian citizen . 
  if you invite some1 to your house you can send him anyway on a whim , without needing any justification . 
  it 's hard to see how something that does n't apply to italian citizens can in any way be damaging to an italian citizen . 
  can comment on the choice of using that instrument in every particular case , like `` italy should have kept this guy because x y z '' . 
  ca n't , imo , comment on the instrument ( the possibility of expelling people we do n't like ) itself , declaring it a violation of human rights , or negation of fair trial or anything else because it is n't . 
  it 's a club that retains the right to decide who is a worthy member of the club and who is n't . 
  we gave that right to our minister of interior . 
  i am not sure why people would love to keep a potential terrorist in their country but i am sure on reddit we could find some1 who does , for whatever reason . 
  i do n't see why we have to spend public money for a trial , and eventually public money for detention , when we can end it with 1 thousands euro without risks . 
  lol months , you are not from italy are you ? 
  we are talking many years here . 
  i think we have a right to declare persona non grata anybody we want from other countries without having to justify it to you or anybody else . 
  i am an italian and i am proud of her for showing the eu flag . 
  that allowed threads like this where we get the rats around us coming out , to identify them . 
  nationalism is evil , and we need to eradicate it, 
  that 's the reality of life , you have to choose between two bad , risky options . 
  you need a public debate on the matter , and leave it to public choice , between reasonable alternatives . 
  america has the 1st amendment , other countries have other sensibilities . 
  that 's the democratic process . 
  there is no absolute better choice in this matter , similarly to security vs privacy, 
  man bologna is my hometown , trust me , mosquitos are an incredible problem especially near water/plants . 
  no , i am from bologna . 
  actually what 's named after bologna is baloney . 
  mosquitos also are a big nuisance if you live with windows facing that canal : you basically ca n't open them for 6 months per year . 
  very well said, 
  your ham is almost as good as ours too . 
  and you cook decent rice sidedishes too . 
  you eat more rice than any1 else because you often use that as a substitute of bread, 
  map is wrong in regards to portugal and spain . 
  everything else is pure gold though . 
  most italians like spanish food and do n't know anything at all about portuguese food . 
  whatever they discover about it , they usually like . 
  wait not some , thousands of deaths after the civil war theoretically ended only in the triangle of death . 
  i agree that nazis slaughtering a village were committing a crime . 
  i do n't agree that they were the only people responsible given that the village was attacked to search for partigiani who were full aware of the fact that by their completly useless guerrilla , which they did in order to install a comunist regime in the future and/or to get more points in the bulding on the next state after . 
  if i cause some criminal , who would n't have acted otherwise , to kill you , of course the criminal is a criminal , but i am too . 
  you are aware that in italy catto-comunism is actually a thing right ? 
  togliatti was so much against the soviet regime , so much different and far from them , that the soviet regime only gave his fucking name to a city , togliatti ( also known as togliattigrad in italy ) . 
  and not a small one , an industrial powerhouse . 
  so please forgive me if i think that anybody whose name is given to a city of more than half a million people by a soviet regime is an enemy of western civilization and values , and a symbol of everything we have to fight against . 
  are you serious ? 
  then why not found the republic in air and water ? 
  without air and water we die !, 
  comunism has been relevant in our post-war political sphere , it 's basically the source of most of our problems . 
  most of what happened was spending public money to keep the population happy to avoid a proletarian revolution because of the comunist presence , so we ended up with a huge public debt thanks to the comunists . 
  it laid important foundations : it destroyed our public accounting and led our country to the parasitic mentality that is currently strangling us . 
  slaughtering civilians is a war crime , and that 's what partigiani did in the days after americans came to save our ass . 
  i know the partigiani plan was deluded . 
  that 's normal , comunists ' plan are always a delusion .
