  crazy , considering duabi only had abour 40km before . 
  with a joint , some hookers and herring , while watching ajax-psv on telly ... 
  this made far more sense than all the explanations with historical context and all . 
  it 's a linguistics thing . 
  exactly . 
  julen literally means `` the christmas '' . 
  on a serious note , many people still use the term `` eastern europe '' as underdeveloped , backwards , poor , etc. 
  if you look around warsaw , wroclaw , krakow , poznan , gdansk , etc , you feel like youre in germany or austria anyway . 
  its not about geography as you say , its the seperation between `` rich vs poor '' countries . 
  compare portugal to poland eg . 
  it might have worked 10 years ago , but it doesnt anymore . 
  denmark is not in the euro either , whats your point ? 
  and economic development in poland is better than economic development in spain , since the financial crisis at least . 
  same cant be said for other `` eastern european '' countries . 
  i hate this , being polish . 
  parts of italy are further east than czech republic but fuck no , italy is west while cr is east . 
  germany , austria , czechia , slovakia , hungary , slovenia and poland are central europe , and this whole east/west bullshit needs to stop . 
  we already lost 2pac and biggie because of it . 
  well , dzik means someone wild , savage . 
  so ops map is also a pun . 
  offside yes offside ** s ** , no . 
  never . 
  it 's called offside , not offsides which is what americans like to say . 
  it 's the difference between `` han er offside '' and `` han er offsider '' in danish . 
  when talking about football : offsides , flopping , jerseys and cleats . 
  none of those words would exit the mouth of a european person . 
  i lived in canidelo , no metro close by . 
  and since i often had early morning flights taxi was the only option . 
  otherwise i 'd take the metro to casa de musica and then bus . 
  do n't know if that 's cheap . 
  i used to take taxis from my place in vndg to the porto airport ( around 20km ) and paid around 30 euros . 
  living in dubai now . 
  a taxi from one end of dubai to another ( around 60km ) costs 25 euros . 
  taxis are very cheap here . 
  and one of the women who was elected quit because she said it 's not possible to work under those conditions . 
  they were required to sit and talk in a separate room and not mingle with the male politicians . 
  it 's all smoke and mirrors, 
  same in denmark . 
  if you 're born in denmark , have a father and mother who are born in denmark and a grandfather who came to denmark in the 70s or 80s you 're not danish but a '' 3rd generation immigrant '' or `` dane of other ethnical background '' . 
  both are legally used terms , i shit you not . 
  no wonder integration fails in these countries . 
  imagine living in a place where , although you 're born there , you 're constantly told you do n't belong and to `` fuck off back to arabia '' . 
  dubai is a city in the united arab emirates . 
  if the person holds a passport from uae then he is an emirati . 
  that 's like saying 2 germans 5 french man and 1 warsaw citizen . 
  i think it 's important to get the proper info out so please update yours . 
  also , i 've been in that exact shop that the bomber detonated himself outside of . 
  this street is usually buzzing with people . 
  this is vile and sick . 
  [ well , now that you mention it ... ] ( http://imgur.com/tfhkqlw.jpg ), 
  well that was quick ... 
  the country 's main tourism board website is called www.holland.com for fucks sake . 
  i know many dutch people and only the retarded ones get their panties in a bunch about holland vs netherlands ( i.e. 
  none of my friends , they all call it holland ) . 
  sorry bro , i 'm not a romania cam girl , i do n't fuck with forks . 
  the country italy : w\u0142ochy an italian : w\u0142och italian something ( eg ferrari ) : w\u0142oski ferrari . 
  ( masculine form ) . 
  yours is feminine , eg . 
  etc. . . 
  japanese people get sick because they imagine a fairytale city , but get a loud , chaotic , smelly , dangerous , run down city full of black people . 
  not at all what they were expecting . 
  ( not trying to shit on paris , but parisians know what i mean ... ), 
  if italians found out what we call them in poland , they would kill themself . . while trying to pronounce it !, 
  `` salam , can i have one * e * sprite p * e * lease ? '', 
  - reza in a restaurant . 
  lived in the states too . 
  from nebraska to nyc to san diego . 
  signed , said guy . 
  in the states it 's not immigration as `` non-americanism '' that 's seen as an evil thing . 
  everything that is different from the norm is looked at sceptically . 
  in denmark , it 's the same , but they 're also anti immigration . 
  i do n't miss them , that 's for sure, 
  it was the headline in all major news outlets and the rhetoric in the news piece was seriously circlejerking . 
  i lived in denmark long enough to know that they are insecure while at the same time believing their country is the best ( which also comes from insecurity ) . 
  subtle racism and discrimination is accepted and even encouraged , and everything foreign is seen as an `` attack on danish values '' . 
  it 's like mini-usa in many ways . 
  mini because very often you ca n't even find the country on a map . 
  the circlejerk over this in denmark is amazing `` zomg !!! 1 !!, 
  the american presidential candidate mentioned our tiny country without mentioning lego or aqua !!, 
  we are important !!! 11 !! '', 
  bunch of insecure fucks, 
  love the hypocricy from polands politicians `` refugees ? 
  fuck those muslims trying to invade our christian land !, 
  its not like we went to their countries when we were being attacked and killed during war ! '', 
  `` saudi arabia ? 
  lovely people with no human rights abuse at all , lets buy their oil ! '', 
  bia\u0142y stok means `` white slope '' ( as in ski slope ) for those who are confused ... 
  for or against ? 
  make up your mind , niemiec !, 
  the former emir of qatar ( i. e. head of state and multi multi billionaire ) . 
  he literally bought the fifa world cup . 
  and half of londons landmarks . 
  except he was n't saudi . 
  he was the ruler of dubai . 
  dubai is in uae . 
  again , not saudi . 
  not all arab countries are the same , people !, 
  and sheikh rashid bin saeed was the then ruler of dubai . 
  he said this to emphasise investment as a way to secure prosperity in the future , as he knew oil would run out . 
  and it worked .
