  that 's why dubai is such a tourism/business/aviation hot spot now while countries like kuwait and saudi arabia are losing billions every month because they relied too heavily on oil ( some 93 % of their income was from oil ) . 
  the mentality in many of these countries was `` oil is god 's gift to us and when it runs out , it 's gods will '' . 
  you can say what you want about dubai but it 's leaders were/are not idiots . 
  they transformed a small emirate into an alpha city and the 4th most visited city in the world ( london , paris , bangkok , dubai ) . 
  the airport had 80 million international passengers last year , nr 1 in the world . 
  average hotel occupancy is the highest in the world ( 87 % ) . 
  and so on and so on . 
  so while you might not like it and do n't want to visit , dubai is a much needed success story in the region . 
  please do n't compare it to qatar or even worse , saudi arabia . 
  my grandfather , rest his soul , used to say this to me : '' the germans fucked us for 5 years , the russians fucked us for 50 years '' . 
  and this was during his lifetime . 
  he was 10 when ww2 started . 
  he remembered . 
  but he also remembered communism and what damage that period of 1945-1989 did to poland and europe in general . 
  he hated the russians far more than germans . 
  recent memory of germany and germans is not negative . 
  recent memory of russia is ( smole\u0144sk just came out a few days ago ) . 
  many poles live in germany , many jump across the border on a weekly basis for shopping or work , and all in all , there 's no real hatred . 
  but you will still find many poles who do n't like russians . 
  and a lot of that has to do with the way most russians look down on poland . 
  germans do n't really do that . 
  im not defending anything , just pointing out that the same vague description about how women should dress is in the bible , and women have been earing headscarfs for thousands of years without being forced to . 
  only 2 countries force women to wear them , iran and saudi arabia . 
  women can choose not to wear one in any other muslim country , and many choose not to . 
  now if the family is uneducated , intolerant and forces the women to wear them , that has nothing to do with islam . 
  blame the educational system of the country instead , and the fact that women often feel powerless as it 's mainly old men who control the country . 
  as for europe , they are old women today , but were once young women wearing them . 
  it was the norm for women to wear them , it 's only in the last 30-40 years that it has changed and the younger generation doesnt wear them anymore . 
  its also in the bible . 
  `` virgin '' mary wore a headscarf and long flowing dresses , as was the custom at the time . 
  hell , women wear a headscarf even today in central europe , move out of the cities and the older ladies in villages pretty much all wear headscarfs . 
  that doesnt make them muslim . 
  it 's just an old tradition , which predates islam , christianity and judaism . 
  who is justifying it ? 
  while there might not be an excuse , its still much worse when it 's your country doing it to you rather than your neighbouring country or a country your country is at war with . 
  if a country does this to its citizens , who can protect them then ? 
  hence the metaphor with the father vs stranger comparison , not torture vs fist fight . 
  read between the lines people . 
  what would make you feel worse ? 
  if your neighbour / class mate punched you in the face or if your father punched you in the face ? 
  damn , that guys neck sort of continues and becomes a head . 
  its like a thumb . 
  also , bad technique , heel lifted , dude will feel uncomfortable within a few minutes . 
  5.5 / 10 , not proper slav squat . 
  bro , they 're clearly all amateurs and have never done a proper slav squat in their life . 
  to do a proper slav squat , [ your heels must touch the ground ] ( http://i.imgur.com/nvg4ejm.jpg ) , this is a more comfortable position . 
  all 5 in this pic are squatting on their toes alone , they are clearly out of their element . 
  seriously though , poles dont squat ( unless theyre at fancy dress up event and being asked to , apparently ), 
  so dude [ in the middle ] ( http://img.wiocha.pl/images/6/3/635d8e9dc22563b70db6db2b33aacfee.jpg ) must be suicidal . 
  poland is not russia !, 
  poles dont squat . 
  get off reddit , donald . 
  the people doing these things are not refugees or recent immigrants . 
  they are citizens of the country they make the attack in , french or belgians who feel out of place and vulnerable to radical brainwashing . 
  wow , your first paragraph is so petty , ignorant , and hateful . 
  no point reasoning with you . 
  why do you dislike him ? 
  he 's full or passion , model professional as described by players and coaches alike , kind , charitable , goes out of his way to make fans happy , is a great leader and motivator , has almost all the scoring records a player could have for club and country , does n't smoke or drink , leads a quiet life surrounded by close family , is a great father , pays his taxes ... 
  i could go on, 
  if they did n't go bust after leicester won the title , they 'll be fine now . 
  imagine all the thousands of people that put money down on germany , france , spain or even england . 
  the house always wins in the end . 
  there 's no curing their stupidity . 
  i know a guy who was in dubai working and making bank , while constantly spewing anti muslim and anti arab comments on his fb , now he 's in england making bank as a polish citizen and is extatic that they 're leaving the union . 
  some people ca n't be fixed . 
  i get your point . 
  but for me , as soon as they say `` oilrich '' and `` qatar '' in the same breath , i stop taking them seriously . 
  that is my point . 
  i have many things to say about qatar and their backwards laws , but theres no point talking about them to people who dont even know the most important thing about the country . 
  if it wasnt for the gas , qatar would be an anonymous obscure country nobody would give two shits about , like they were 20 years ago . 
  btw , that natural gas is one of the main reasons for isil in syria . 
  but that 's a longer explanation i dont want to start now . 
  both the man and woman were charged . 
  he for sex outside of marriage ( crazy law , but thats the law ) and consuming alcohol without license , she for the same things plus 12 months for lying to the police . 
  you 're ridiculing the situation . 
  are you even an adult ? 
  your replies are very immature . 
  not saying she was lying , but i find it strange that she didnt get more help from the dutch embassy . 
  western media likes to spin things to make these countries look worse than they are by not giving you the full story . 
  a story came out recently about `` sex party in dubai , scores arrested '' , and the media 's narrative was that if you have a yacht party which involves consensual sex and alcohol , you will go to jail . 
  none of the articles ( i read them in 6 languages from 10 different countries ) mentioned that the people arrested were military and police officers who were with hookers , and it was embarresing to the country so they got arrested as an example . 
  nope , drinking and sex will get you arrested . 
  that sells more papers . 
  im not saying they are perfect countries by any means , but theyre also not as vile as western media makes them out to be . 
  qatar is seriously beckwards as a country though , no denying it . 
  her sex partner according to her . 
  she went out drinking with her boss , went to his room to `` sleep '' , woke up drunk and claimed rape , then admitted to consensual sex after sobering up . 
  admitting it is what put her behind bars . 
  but you seem like you know everything about this case , so why waste my time . 
  what country was her boss from btw ? 
  i forgot . 
  doesnt change the laws , but shows how little people know about the country they are shittalking itt, 
  thats not my point . 
  everybody here talks about qatar like they know everything about it , yet dont even know that their wealth is not because of oil . 
  their oil production is not small , but their natural gas reserves are massive . 
  only russia and iran have bigger natural gas reserves , both are massive countries with a population of 200 million and 80 million respectively . 
  and qatar is 1/3 the size of belgium , with a local population of 300.000 . 
  well lots of european women go on vacation in southern europe and shag new guys every day . 
  for free ... same thing , but they get paid thousands of dollars a night instead . 
  not oil .
