  natural gas . 
  which nobody in this thread seems to know . 
  but still claim to know everything about qatar . 
  qatar has the world 's 3rd largest natural gas reserves . 
  and it 's a tiny country, 
  she was not in jail for being raped . 
  she was in jail for lying to the police as she first claimed it was rape and then changed her story to say it was consensual . 
  her sex partner was her boss who she went drinking with the night before . 
  please do n't believe everything you read in the papers , especially when it comes to these countries . 
  the woman was not in jail for.being raped . 
  she admitted that it was consensual . 
  it was her boss who she went drinking with the night before ( she had been living in qatar for years coincidentally ) . 
  they had sex , then she woke up while still drunk and claimed rape . 
  later on in the day while with the police she sobered up and then claimed it was consensual . 
  she was charged 1 month for sex outside of marriage , 3 months for being drunk without an alcohol license and 12 months for false witness to authorities for changing her story . 
  but western media did n't bother reporting the whole story ... which is kind of ironic . 
  hand luggage only and everything on board the plane costs money , but yes , dirt cheap . 
  ( extra chdck in bag costs extra , like ryanair ), 
  you are slightly wrong . 
  itaka has extremely cheap trips to dubai and wizzair flies for 300 pln one way to dubai as well . 
  lots of low budget poles in uae . 
  polish people do n't squat . 
  you 're thinking soviet states . 
  try 50 c. summer in dubai . 
  i was paying 400 for a 2 bed with a view of the city and the atlantic ocean , shops and easy access to highway , beaches 5 minutes away . 
  porto is a great place to buy property , great city but low prices . 
  obviously . 
  but my comment should also help people understand why so many people living in european countries suddenly go to syria to fight with daesh or commit atrocities in their own country . 
  they feel completely lost , and are easily manipulated by fanatics . 
  hitting the nail on the head there . 
  many second or 3rd generation muslim immigrants in europe never feel welcome or accepted in their home country , where they were born , went to school , made friends , worked and have citizenship . 
  just recently a danish politician went on a debate show against a students representative who 's father is iranian but mother is danish . 
  the guy , filip , never went to iran , is completely danish but the politician looks him straight in the face and says `` you 're not danish and never will be '' . 
  bit rich when the crown prince of denmark also has a foreign father and a danish mother , bit since the father is french and not a muslim then it 's ok . 
  say what ? 
  typical portuguese [ breakfast ] ( http://opergel.com.br/imagens/produto/emporio/bacalhau_inteiro-opergel.jpg ) typical portuguese [ lunch ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/4/4e/bacalhau_lisboa.jpg ) typical portuguese [ dinner ] ( http://www.iguaria.com/wp-content/uploads/2013/12/bacalhau-seco-supermercado.jpg ) ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ i ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ kid , ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ portuguese ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ food ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ is ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ amazing ... 
  im polish and they must be the smarter 5 % , which in the end is why they are here . 
  the dude on the street is as you said uneducated and will say hindu and not indian . 
  but that was the general term we were taught . 
  the younger generation has grown up with different terms . 
  im 37 and people my age and older would almost exclusively use hindu . 
  in polish indyjski means the language , which is even more ignorant as the language they would mean is hindi . 
  but then you have punjabi , bengali , kannada , malayalam etc. . . so which is it ? 
  of course it comes from ignorance . 
  i say indian in polish , but pretty much every polish person would say hindus . 
  considering i live in dubai where there are many indians and deal daily with european clients in here , the conversation often turns to them . 
  i did provide at least one , polish . 
  also spanish . 
  also portuguese . 
  besides those 3 i also speak 10 other european languages , and as i said , in many languages indians are simply called hindus . 
  not all . 
  but in many . 
  also , most europeans could never telle the difference between an indian , pakistani , bangladeshi , sri lankan or nepali anyway , they refer to all as hindus ( or indians in languages where there is a difference ), 
  then you dont speak most of them . 
  how many , if i may ask ? 
  its still wrong . 
  would be like calling spanish , portuguese , italians and croatians `` romans '' as it used to be the roman empire, 
  polish , spanish , portuguese e.g. 
  in some languages the term indian means someone from a native american tribe . 
  even in english millions of people think of native american tribes when they hear the word indian . 
  but when they hear hindu they automatically think india . 
  in danish you use inder for someone from india and indianer for someone from a native american tribe . 
  in polish eg you dont say indus or indianin , you just say hindus to mean a person from india . 
  many people in poland dont know that there are more than 100million christians in india and that hindu is a religious term . 
  so they just say hindus . 
  i know that in many slavic countries its the same . 
  many languages in europe dont differenciate between indian and hindu . 
  my guess is east asian , ie chinese filipino korean japanese thai etc. 
  unlike in the uk , many others in europe dont think about indians and pakistanis as ( asians ) . 
  most people in europe even classify all indians as hindus which is obviously incorrect as thats a religious clasiffication . 
  also , even if someone is from yakutsk area , most europeans would never classify that person as asian , but russian . 
  jutro is morning in croatian ? 
  in polish it 's tomorrow . 
  its never been above 40 in denmark , what are you talking about ? 
  the hottest day ever is 36.6 back in 1997 . 
  btw , currently in dubai , its 43-48 every day for the ladt month . 
  and will be for the next month as well . 
  and then on the other side of the water you have the turning torso which looks amazing and is visible from copenhagen . 
  if malm\u00f6 can why ca n't the danes ? 
  parisians built montparnasse , looked like shit so they created la defense which looks great . 
  besides , dubai is literally built on sand and has the tallest buildings ever . 
  i 'm sure the soil in copenhagen is better than dubai sand . 
  it 's not even in a big city . 
  it 's in herlev , a town on th3 outskirts of copenhagen , far away from any other tall buildings . 
  it sticks out like a sore thumb . 
  denmark has a phobia against tall buildings anyway . 
  there 's a shortage of apartments , buy they still do n't want to build upwards . 
  my balcony is higher than himmelbjerget x2 . 
  and there are still 30 floors above me in my building . 
  look forward to the mosquitos too, 
  in dubai . 
  the coldest it 's ever been here is 17 degrees for 1 day in february . 
  currently the temperatures hover around 38-42 . 
  in one month 46-51 . 
  also , it pretty much never rains here . 
  just sunshine after sunshine . 
  i would say that a place with year long 18-20 is low . 
  20-25 is more like it for me . 
  san diego usa has those temperatures pretty much all year long . 
  considering it 's the 4th most visited city in the world , i guess for a huge number of reasons .
