nobody said something about bombs by now . 
  rumours say it were `` big firecrackers '' . 
  the minor damage ( [ shattered window ] ( https://twitter.com/washatti/status/851867068697911296 ) ) on the bus seems to confirm that . 
  but let 's just wait what the police reports about that later . 
  edit : well , now we may talk about a bomb . 
  [ police says it was `` serious explosive '' ] ( https://twitter.com/polizei_nrw_do/status/851887054246039552 ), 
  the olympics are a law ? 
  interestingly enough , nazis were very successful in ~ ~ reducing tobacco-addiction ~ ~ [ getting addicted to hard drugs ] ( https://www.vice.com/en_us/article/total-intoxication-nazi-use-of-meth-876 ), 
  before the spd 's boost , there was . 
  now it 's very unlikely . 
  theoretically there is a chance for black-yellow-green though , but yellow and green despise each other . 
   meh so tired of the alt right and their ridiculous stories about us i feel you, 
   i do n't get afd supporters no sane person does, 
  which brain ? 
   merkel handing over the keys to schulz would n't be that big of a difference , to be fair . 
  that really would depend on the coalition schulz would build . 
  red-red-green would be quite different , i guess . 
  dude , do you even know the political system you are talking about ? 
  in non-bypartisan political systems it is really important which parties are part of the coalition which provides the adminstration . 
  the difference between a coalition of for example spd-green-left on the one hand and cdu/csu-fdp on the other hand would be quite huge , regardless of the personal political view of the two potential chancellors . 
  your idea of `` just the same politics '' is only true if there would just be switch in the party leading a grand coalition . 
  and the vitalization the article is referring to is that ...  if the race between ms merkel and mr schulz becomes close , it opens a variety of options for government beyond another dire grand coalition . 
  did you read that this time ? 
  you did read the article , did n't you ? 
   if the race between ms merkel and mr schulz becomes close , it opens a variety of options for government beyond another dire grand coalition . 
  given the polls , there are four to five different ways to bring together a coalition holding a decent majority in the bundestag . 
   i hate the way schauble talks to other countries . 
  that guy is an arrogant asshole per se and not only when talking to other countries . 
   schulz wants more immigration into europe . 
  that is clearly not what is writen in the thread you linked to . 
  and it is also definetly not what schulz is saying about immigration to europe . 
  there is a really interesting concept called research i can recommend . 
  ( re - ) strengthening labor unions could be a tool , if a state wants the salaries to rise, 
  i 'm afraid you got me wrong . 
  sure the implication of the question was bullshit !, 
  as much bullshit as claiming marriage a religious union nowadays . 
  exactly because you do n't have to involve any religion when you marry in a townhall . 
  my bad !, 
   because marriage is religious union so following that logic , civil marriages are no marriages , but only the ones conducted in a chuch ? 
  latest polls show them [ between 10 % and 12 % ] ( http://www.wahlrecht.de/umfragen/ ), 
  that does not add up to 30 % saying no in the poll, 
   the problem with this view is that right now the cdu remains the strongest party in polls and any coalition option for the spd to govern contains some seriously big question marks . 
  campaigning has just begun . 
  possible coalitions are a thing we can think about in august at the earliest . 
  the polls now may change so much until the election , that they are just no serious basis for coalition predicitions . 
   what did churchill say ? 
  [ well , actually he did n't ] ( http://www.winstonchurchill.org/resources/quotations/135-quotes-falsely-attributed ), 
  eu rule = / = law, 
  i would be totally fine with the reimplementation of dublin iii in an eu-wide consensus , combined with a quota for the central european countries to ease the pressure otherwise only left on the mediterranen countries . 
  that would technically be some kind of obergrenze . 
  i honestly ca n't tell if this an option for the csu according to their programm or websites . 
  what i can tell though is , that this is not what they are communicating in their `` beer tent talk '' . 
  hmm , as well as i do n't trust the linke to not being marxists and the afd to not being nazis i do n't trust the fdp to not being only lobbyists for companies . 
  i prefer to have an adminstration without any of the three parties . 
  unfortunately that only leaves black-red/red-black as a probable coalition . 
  okay , did n't know that . 
  but should n't they try to convince the other eu-members to do so then , instead of brownnosing to orban etc. , who clearly has a zero-interest-policy here ? 
  well , we could have had a real good argument based and sober discussion about that topic , but since you seem to have more interest in name-calling , i 'm not interested . 
  have a nice evening !, 
  you do know that the first sentence contradicts the second ? 
   tosser do you do that regularly ? 
  insulting people just because they seem to have another opinion than you . 
   how on earth would enforcing the dublin iii rules be a violation of the geneva convention ? 
  that 's what the obergrenze is . 
  because it ( obergrenze ) gives a quantifiable limit to asylum , which undermines the right to it , given by the geneva convention . 
  reenforcing dublin iii is a whole different thing ( imho ) . 
  that would require the other eu member states to keep the refuges , who enter their countries first . 
  and since the csu is heavily paying court to no-asylum-propagating governments like hungary , it is very hard to believe , that a functioning dublin iii is within the csu 's agenda . 
  well , one i knew of without asking google . 
  but your implication was right , there were several back then . 
  the `` obergrenze '' for starters . 
  that would be a violation of the geneva convention and no party other than afd and csu went so far ( by now ) . 
   this man has said absolutely nothing yet on any issue that i know of sounds like merkel , eh ? 
  because that is merkels unique selling proposition . 
  that niche is occupied / s, 
  tremendous words !, 
  regarding the csu statements of the last few month , they have more in common with the afd then with merkels cdu, 
  can we agree on something without linke or fdp ? 
  they seem to be equaly unfit to govern for me . 
  we had one during the weimar republic in 1922/1923, 
   does he have that ? 
  is he able to be like that in front of a crowd ? 
  i do n't know . 
  to be fair , nobody in germany knows that by now . 
  he is to new to national politics to get a grip on him here yet . 
  in my opinion the reason for the boost schulz is getting right now in germany ( besides not being merkel ) is that he is seen as the way more pro-european choice . 
  and more european integration and closed ranks seem to be the desires of the hour caused by the trump-momentum . 
   we have a president that for the first time in a long time has an issue with ~ ~ mexico ~ ~ everybody else in the world , because he thinks everyone is exploiting our country . 
  made a minor correction to your satement . 
  you are welcome . 
  there is one thing , which the article does forget though . 
  the main reason for the underrated euro is the low-interest-rate-policy of the european central bank ( ecb ) . 
  in fact germany is oposing it for a quite long time now , because the german life insurance sector is having some real problems because of it . 
  the thing is , that germany or any other country does n't have any influence on the ecb here ( by purpose ) . 
  their monetary policy is independent . 
  so it 's the ecb which keeps the euro cheap , not germany . 
  and the ecb does not do that to improve the german export sector , but to raise the nearly nonexistent inflation level and to stimulate the economy of the euro-zone . 
  by declaring war on everyone of them . 
  maybe that would just be collateral damage for trump . 
  and she 'll grab 'em all by the dick then ?
