  stop stirring the drama . 
  what ? 
  no , it has nothing to do with nationalistic tendencies . 
  you do n't need to , does n't mean you ca n't , or that you should n't , or that anyone should n't . 
  before jumping to conclusions i 'd like to know if the official encrypted phone of our president was compromised . 
  it 's built by sagem and thales so that we control from the bare metal to the software stack what 's going on . 
  if that fails , then indeed our secret services are not doing their job . 
  but all in all we have a good track record of engineering and cryptography , we should be able to get by . 
  we just need to go to the bottom of this barrel . 
  of course no one is surprised , not even the french public ... 
  you could , in the same way you could give the correct answer to a mathematical problem without justification and have a shitty grade . 
  the teacher is there to evaluate your methodology . 
  doing so is actually harder for the student on shitty subjects like this one . 
  i mostly agree . 
  i think jupp\u00e9 and bayrou would be pretty good for us currently . 
  and i think that people are just overreacting to hollande . 
  he is not a bad president , by a long shot , and he has n't a bad team for his gov. 
  given that his popularity is abysmal anyway he also had the courage to push complicated reforms . 
  his successor will probably reap the fruit of it though . 
  and i think hollande will have done his job , without an explosive ego , without artifice , without panache , quietly . 
  and people hate him . 
  yes, 
  sure , not going to class because teachers were on strike ( sometimes because a colleague was attacked by a student , sometimes because a reform was going to worsen their working condition ) , not being able to take the bus or the train , or having mine delayed . 
  it 's been a fairly calm recently , striking-wise . 
  a day where 30 % of the teachers were on strike because they opposed the education reform a few weeks ago but that 's it . 
  valls is more popular than hollande but the left and the far left do n't really like him . 
  jupp\u00e9 is the challenger for the right against sarkozy . 
  he is more popular generally speaking but less so if you only ask ump activist . 
  a lot of things will change in the meantime . 
  hollande will soon go in full campaign mode and possibly attack valls popularity , a thing he has avoided for now as it was the easiest way to introduce the latest reforms . 
  but valls and jupp\u00e9 are pretty serious contender , while the two main figures are in a bad position . 
  the main problems i see are the economic paradigm they will support and the imbalance they would bring into fragile ecosystems . 
  fragile in the sense that very minute elements can have long lasting consequences , possibly quite subtle . 
  the least subtle is for example gmo modified to sustain ever growing amount of pesticides . 
  that 's great for pesticides vendors , not so great for other plants growing around , the soil , water and species relying on it . 
  i will not engage in argumenting against pesticides , there is a growing body of work about them . 
  bees are an important part of our ecosystem , and cancers are in a way , and as horrible as it sounds , externalized costs of a short term productivity improvement . 
  it has been shown that when we farm correctly ( permaculture ) , we can have superior efficiency than with industrial farming . 
  pesticides are thus a net cost to society ( cost of sanitization of water ressources for human consumption , cost of medicines to treat cancers , etc. . . ) , while the benefits will mostly go to pesticides producers ( and not farmers ! ) . 
  these gmos only serve to entrench these bad habits and will delay the adoption of the only possible long term solution . 
  we already have a very deep agricultural crisis in france for example , and industrial farming is at the heart of it . 
  in the end , the only way for these farmers to survive is to receive subsidies from the eu . 
  this is not sustainable farming , not in an ecological sense , not in an economic sense . 
  this is a social disaster . 
  anyway . 
  another problem with gmos is that they will specialize even further varieties of plants , while we need genetic diversity to counter parasites . 
  the greatest famines sometimes were due to only one variety being used ( ireland for example ) . 
  the automatic answer will then be `` but we can race nature at genetic engineering , create new varieties and all will be good '' . 
  i doubt that . 
  racing mother nature has a cost , cost that will be externalized on our societies ( see social disaster before ) . 
  the immediate gains from gmos are not so easy to count , and even without any risk , they might be only a way for a few multinational companies to further externalize their cost on public entities . 
  we should understand how nature work and take advantage of synergies already existing . 
  gmos might help there , but the capitalistic system is not well suited to a direct application on our ressources ( genetic diversity being one such resource ) . 
  it is simply not the right logic , the right system for it . 
  the goal of capitalism is to concentrate capital in the private property of a few owners . 
  this logic will push only a few strand , a few kind of plants in an effort to dominate the market . 
  monopolies are never good in nature . 
  well , not exactly without cause , but it 's pretty well known that while the nsa will gather economic intelligence , only a part of it will surface one way or another . 
  \\* adjust tinfoil hat \\* no seriously , i think that they are right to do so , however it 's high time that eu rise up to their level and use the same kind of tactics . 
  in the end it 's the consumer that should win something out of it . 
  however , we need further integration , cooperation , ~ ~ federalization ~ ~ * whoops , disregard that * ... 
  yes , but its application when it occured was a political jab at europe , for the same kind of thing the eu did to the usa , and so on . 
  the text might be ancient , its application is highly political . 
  that 's possible . 
  unfortunately , i think that the anti-gmo militants have been a disservice to the cause . 
  the roots of the green parties in europe are tied to radical activism , that was mostly justified in the 70-80-90 , but became more and more extreme as time went on and regulations improved ( however , i think that there are still fights that are relevant today that they try to address ) . 
  i think that it is perfectly possible to have a reasonable and cautious stance on the matter , without resorting to propaganda and misinformation , and still be against gmo in their current state . 
  documentaries and general information have been more akin to propaganda than anything . 
  reddit on the other hand is ** heavily ** biased toward gmos . 
  as a result , the echo chamber here will mostly feed on a straw man of the position of green parties , and will resort to cheap jab at these propagandist . 
  these activists being wrong does not mean that their stance is wrong in general . 
  not every anti-gmo or ecologist is against nuclear ( or as anti-nuclear as the green are ) , or that their ideas on gmos are extreme or unreasonable . 
  the precautionary principle is imo a very good regulatory principle , and i 'd be extremely disappointed if we became akin to the usa on the matter . 
  however , i think that things are not so black and white , and it 's perfectly possible that the federal government is forced by their constitution to be so laxist with regulations , so as to let each states decide for itself on how they want to regulate . 
  i hope . 
  that would mean however that their regulations are not compatible as is with the way the eu function , as much as industrial lobbyists would like to make bruxelles believe . 
  funny eh how some regulation is much easier to introduce when it 's about some foreign company ? 
  i think it is only the beginning . 
  we are starting to live in an era where everything is now becoming `` big data '' . 
  as empty as these buzzwords now are , it means that everything normal citizens do is monitored and archived somewhere by someone that will try to either make money off of it or gain power in one way or another . 
  the other face of this coin is that every administration , be it public or private , will also resort to this kind of easy-to-use tools . 
  in much the same way , every thing is more likely to be archived , the only thing needed is some spark , a whitleblower or some pressure , for it to be monitored . 
  this is a game changer , for now . 
  quickly the balance of power will come back to a status quo , those abusing it will start to understand how to avoid being caught ( or get caught and get removed from their position of abuse ) , those victims will still be left victim . 
  but in the meantime , some measure of chaos will happen , and we should see some interesting bits in the clear light . 
   i 'm sorry but you do n't understand how genetics work . 
  the crux of your debate was not at all about the * how * of the genetic manipulation . 
  this is not the problem with gmo , and never have been . 
  that something can be genetically modified is not inherently bad , but it allows an extraordinarily large and varied panel of modifications . 
  these possibilities are what must be under scrutiny . 
  the anti-gmo generally posit that they can not be thoroughly tested before being introduced in open air cultures . 
  their long term effects are much , much more difficult to assess than what we are currently able to foresee or simulate . 
  we are still extremely lacking on our understanding of ecosystems and interspecies synergy . 
  as for the anti-vaccination , i have no idea about the previous poster you responded to , but unfortunately it 's not entirely unreasonable to be wary of them . 
  i am fully aware of the stigma of the anti-vaxxers in the usa , and that 's not the point . 
  in 1994 , who issued a recommandation for universal vaccination of children against hepatitis-b . 
  at the end of 1995 , the first cases of [ multiple sclerosis ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/multiple_sclerosis ) appeared . 
  these cases continued to appear until 2001 . 
  the link between the two has been difficult to make and who condemned the position of our country on this matter , as ` scientifically unfounded ' . 
  still , some victims won some cases on it , and this vaccine is regarded as highly suspicious .
