  a national mythology has always existed and will always exist within a common culture / nation . 
  they are the [ founding myth ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/origin_myth#founding_myth ) , the story that led to something that you feel you are a part of . 
  a nation has to be birthed to exist , even if that birth is only a narrative told centuries after the events unfolded , and even if at the time of these events , they were n't forcibly recognized at that significant . 
  rome had romulus and remus , the uk have the magna carta , the us have the founding fathers and the constitution , france has the french revolution . 
  they are core defining values . 
  europe has several myths already . 
  the enlightenment is part of the culture but did not really birth europe as a nation . 
  a founding myth describe the battle between the chaos that existed before and the peace once the civilization came to be . 
  we already know this story : europe as a continent has known centuries of war before the war to end all wars , and before its inhabitant decided that they should live together peacefully . 
  this is why the eu exists and why it will endure . 
  we need our founding fathers / the political momentum that will bind us together . 
  given the guy , i think he picked that example on purpose . 
  subsidies are not compensations . 
  the compensations for opening your market are the four freedoms , of which freedom of movement seems to be of high interest to your nationals . 
  subsidies are explicitly given to build a strong market economy in ee and have a strong partner . 
  it is literally given for your country to improve , so that eu economy becomes more attractive as a whole . 
  okay , i was being hyperbolic , there are certainly a few people like that . 
  i just find it tiresome to hear that fucking thing everywhere . 
  yeah france was the shit back in the 18th century and was considered pretty cool , and no most french are not aware of that and do not give the slightest shit about it . 
  we are not talking about having french back on the menu , we are not talking about getting an empire back and we just do n't behave like the stereotypical maniacs that anglos portray us as . 
  you will have a few exceeded people rambling about english because they have n't learnt it and are feeling left out , hearing people talk about series and stuff ahead of time and they feel left out . 
  there are old boomers that made their life during an economic boom and think that they should n't have to change their ways . 
  but overall , no , we 're not fucking jerks . 
  this very post is an epitome of that : barnier did not even ask for french to be the language of negotiation , and see how the medias are portraying this non-event ? 
  an entirely fabricated thing , out of thin-air , perfect to portray him as an anti-british prick that will be dishonest in his dealings and his diplomacy ; this will have very real consequences as far a public opinion goes . 
  you can always debunk that kind of thing , as he tried to do , but no one is interested in the debunking , they all want to hear the juicy scandal about smelly frenchies getting their panties twisted and not being able to do ** anything ** about it because `` hey , it 's the xxist century , wake up , you 've lost your cultural supremacy and you should forget about it !! '' . 
  building the straw man , perfect incarnation of the already latent prejudice , answering the call for a revenge fantasy about those pompous pricks that think they are better than everyone . 
  but we did not fucking ask for this , so yeah , fuck this . 
  we use an arrogant tone because we are a romance language and this influence on the english language was introduced mainly by a conqueror of the throne that made it the language of the elite . 
  we are seen as distant and showing off because we use the words that are easier for us , not because we intend it to be that way . 
  anyway , that 's a lost cause , so fuck this . 
  do n't worry , election year they will pander to their base and all will be forgotten . 
  three years is longer than the attention span of people . 
  no one here care about that kind of thing . 
  conveniently leaving his hand touching the ball , wrongly accusing a french player , that would lend him the shot for the only goal of the match . 
  the reactions in / r/soccer were absolutely disgusting . 
  this match was a disgrace . 
   theresa may has insisted she will not show her hand before brexit negotiations start . 
   some senior eu diplomats question the sense in making compromises to sustain car production in britain that might otherwise move to france or slovakia . 
  [ ... ] why would europe help british commercial interests in sectors of its choosing , while being shut out of markets such as agriculture and construction ? 
  [ ... ] german and french officials scoff at the idea of keeping parts of north-east england in the eu for the purpose of carmaking . 
   mr fox 's outspoken views on trade have raised the hackles of trade officials in brussels who fear britain is undermining the eu 's interests on trade before it has even left the bloc . 
   british ministers expect europe to , at worst , mirror the restrictions on uk nationals working overseas . 
  your hateful rhetoric is really getting tiresome . 
  `` punishment beating '' , meaning , we slowly acknowledge that the uk is actually trying to fuck us and retain their privileges , and we must avoid it . 
  the uk is the one cutting ties . 
  separating its interests from ours , there will be decisions to be made about assets and ressources that we previously shared . 
  the whole of the eu would still rather see the uk pull out of this lunacy , it will cost all of us dearly . 
  seeing as may really does not go that way , we have no other choice but to protect ourselves from the attacks from the uk . 
  just to take one example , why would we allow the uk to retain car production units on their soil , while the uk would block us from construction and agriculture market ? 
  what is the point for us ? 
  somehow , the uk should get to choose what it keeps and we should have no say in it ? 
  on the other hand , we are absolutely willing to keep those ressources there , provided that the uk opens up its own market for other sectors . 
  and then you end up with a free trade deal , but somehow the uk does not want to be part of the eea . 
  why even go there when the uk could simply stay in the eu and stop this lunacy . 
  the uk is trying to cut us short on this , and when we say that it wo n't fly with us , somehow we 're the one menacing ? 
  you 're fucking delusional . 
  we 're not the one forcing the uk to do that . 
  it 's less than 10 % yes , 7 or 8 % maybe . 
  i do n't have the source right now , i will see if i can find it again . 
  swiss banks are installed in the city precisely to obtain the passport , so that 's definitely impacting in term of revenue . 
  i think the estimation is that the passport would cost the city around 10 % of their revenue if it was cancelled . 
  they are pissed because france did not oppose a law in the european parliament allowing assisted procreation ( i do n't recall the detail , that was n't exactly that ) . 
  they have given up repelling the gay marriage , but they still oppose other matters that are not yet legal in france ( a gay couple having a child using artificial insemination ) . 
  i guess they wanted to show their numbers before the upcoming primary election . 
  i was only answering  surprise surprise , not everyone voted to leave based on immigration . 
  not commenting on the op , or the poll for that matter . 
  i do n't think that info is relevant . 
   have more eastern europeans arrive . 
  so in the end , you are simply saying that you think immigration was more relevant for the vote itself . 
  that 's not contradicting my point at all . 
  my point is pretty much doubting that the vote was influenced by economic consideration . 
  if trade is more important , surely uk 's interest would be to stay in the union to steer regulations toward its interest . 
  i feel like the uk will not take kindly to having to follow eu regulation without having any say in it . 
  in that , voting leave makes little sense . 
  if one does , the left will have even less chance to get to the second round , and among the right the one having the most fear-mongering discourse will gain points . 
  amusingly , sarkozy is defending cutting the number of public servants , so cutting the number of police officer ( or at least not making they grow , while they are chronically under-staffed and have been for years ) . 
  he would probably switch quickly on the issue in such event and recover , but that would be held against him , which would probably push le pen as the only solution for the most frightened . 
  that would also reduce drastically the advance of alain jupp\u00e9 . 
  however , many militant of left seeing that they would have zero chance of winning would vote for him in even greater number than now . 
  all in all , it would be a clusterfuck . 
  that date to which it would happen would probably influence greatly . 
  if it happened after the primary on the right , it would probably have a very limited effect on the final outcome . 
  currently , alain jupp\u00e9 . 
  if no big story comes up , if no terrorist attack happens , he will most likely be the next president . 
  i think you misunderstand the kind of collaboration . 
  those interviews were granted during several years . 
  it was n't a recent effort aimed for a book released during the campaign , it was normal interviews during the course of the presidency , sometimes off-record , sometimes not . 
  so they were simply in their role of journalists , not being biograph . 
  hollande obviously never intended the material to come up , neither now nor at some later time . 
  that 's not collaboration , that 's the president doing normal communication and journalists picking up stories . 
   imo he should have waited until after he left and then done an official biography . 
  you tell that as he had a choice . 
  he did not choose for the book to exist or not . 
  no he did n't . 
  he granted interviews with the two journalists , but he did not review what they wrote nor read the book before publication , nor decided the timing . 
  he has pretty much no part in the writing of it , even if the material used as source is actually himself being interviewed ( during several years , not particularly recently ) . 
  i may be misinterpreting but you seem to imply that hollande wrote the book ? 
  it was written by two journalists . 
  hollande did not control the way this book has been published .
