  given how quickly people reacted , i think war is always closer than we think . 
  we are starting to forget about it , but history has not yet seen its last war of great magnitude . 
   i 'd have thought that an amicale departure with room for a mutually beneficial post exit relationship would be preferable . 
  no , it would push netherland out and further eurosceptics grip on public rhetoric . 
  eu can not afford to be all mushy mushy with the uk . 
  and frankly , i 'd be pretty pissed otherwise . 
  the eu leaders have to put their citizens first , dividing eu and leaving it all go to waste is hardly beneficial for anyone within the eu . 
  so , a `` mutually beneficial post exit relationship '' is currently not on the table . 
  and it 's pretty hard to feel sorry for the brits , they brought it on themselves . 
  they already tanked our markets for a few months . 
   still hollande is the one in power , no ? 
  yes , mostly , and for now . 
  his appointed first minister , valls , is pretty powerful and active . 
  he is allowed to do whatever he wants , as long as he stays loyal to hollande , which he has . 
  macron is simply a new player . 
  he was an adviser to hollande , having mostly technical know-how and not a politician at all . 
  hollande demanded him as minister of economic , thing that he has done again some months after for the ministry of culture ( it was pretty funny actually , he asked his adviser to find a new minister of culture , which could not be found . 
  in the end , he choose his adviser , to her own surprise . 
  she seems competent enough ) . 
  macron is making a name for himself . 
  he has deliberatedly and openly provoked valls and disturbed hollande 's communication . 
  him staying in his office shows that either he is pretty powerful in his own right , or he is played by the two higher-ups . 
  i think it 's actually realistic to imagine them playing him as a kind of defuser , which could be conveniently fired at one point or another to deal with a crisis . 
  but i think this line of thinking actually made them a disservice , as it let him in power and it would be pretty much useless , or even worse , a service done to macron to fire him right now ( it would serve his political stance against the most unpopular president of the fifth republic ) . 
  it would place him as someone that could work for the next government ( which will be rightist , there is not doubt about that . 
  only about the degree to which it steers right ) . 
  so , they are keeping him , but he does and says what he wants . 
  and he is not actually that opposed to being seen somewhat like blair was seen when he rose to power . 
  hollande is a true socialist , he has been for a long time , and he personally believes in these ideals i think . 
  however , he arrived in office when france was in a state of disarray , a literal catastrophe that sarkozy left for his successor . 
  he had no other choice but to try to liberalize the economy . 
  he has been pressed by the time and tried to push for it as late as possible . 
  i think he has been grossly misrepresented in our media . 
  he is a laughing stock and a running gag now , but i think that it is simply the `` populace '' having a convenient scapegoat , whom are not interested in looking in the backstage . 
  he is a ruthless politician with an enormous technical know-how for managing people and important egos . 
  he is not dumb , far from it . 
  edit : about the new law , i see it as stripping unions and worker association from their power . 
  it 's centralizing the power in the executive branch , as , let 's not be deluded , no one will give sweet deals to their workers out of niceness . 
  but it will allow the government to make effective laws , bypassing branches advantages ( for example , the `` cheminot '' from the sncf that can retire 10 years earlier than other workers ) . 
  it will give the government more power to change the way the economy work and to reform the labor law . 
  i see it as a way to destroy the statu quo , which is needed . 
  we will have the responsibility to vote people that will defend the worker 's right into office though , which can easily be manipulated away by swings of opinion about immigration these days . 
  that would be macron i think . 
  the thing is , the uk is in a completely different state than france . 
  france has actually held its inegalities in check . 
  the private sector makes the lowest margins in western europe ( and that 's not even taking into account the us ) . 
  the social nets are pretty strong . 
  so , in this context , liberalizing is not a bad thing , especially when all economic indicators are good for the short term . 
  the new labor laws is not libertarian , and will not push people into poverty as it has been read here and there . 
  it will only augment the absolute maximum working time from 44 to 46 hours a week ( the eu limit is 48 hours ) and strip a lot of power from the unions . 
  it 's more complicated than that of course : it 's not really unions , but ` work branches ' , which are professional associations which will decide how some kind of work must be regulated . 
  the advertising industry should be regulated differently than taxi companies for example . 
  so , there is a socle , which is the labor law . 
  no branch can have a worse deal than that . 
  it 's saying for example that no one can work more than 44hours per week as an average , overtime or not , or that everyone gets 5 paid leave weeks per year . 
  on top of that , you will have professional agreement , where they will negociate advanges with the ceo association . 
  additional paid leaves , the way overtime should be compensated , whether paid leaves should be kept from years to years , etc. 
  this agreement will concern whole industries at once , so every one is a level playing field . 
  and then you have local negociations , within a single entity , between the employees and their boss . 
  this one can not give lower terms than the professional agreement , it must be better for the employees . 
  it also has to be signed by at least 50 % of employees to be valid . 
  the new law could make the local negociations superceding professional agreements . 
  the labor code would remain mostly unchanged ( except for these +2 hours per week exceptionally ) , but the negociation would not be between association but directly between employees and their bosses . 
  you can imagine the power imbalance that would occur then between the two parties . 
  there will also be a race to the bottom within industries with some players trying to hit big fast by destroying their workers right , and then everyone gets the same deal and you 're back to square one , except the workers are worse off . 
  so , yeah , people are opposed to that . 
  i think it 's difficult to judge . 
  he had the spine to try to push very impopular reforms in a time of turmoil . 
  france actually recovered from its economic hardship , but it wo n't be until 5 years before hollande is recognized for what he 's done . 
  saying he is spineless is biting in the popular propaganda imo . 
  he has a reputation of being ruthless in his dealings behind the curtains . 
  it 's just not the image he can project . 
  his image is important , but it 's superficial to prefer charisma over efficiency . 
  pretty much this . 
  the one you are responding to is a young moron who have no idea of what 's he 's talking about . 
  him thinking he represents the majority of france is insulting . 
  please stop talking on behalf of french people , you are a moron . 
  there is some misinformation here , do not take this post at face value . 
  :  the president added insult to injury when he forced it through without submitting it to a vote . 
  ( that 's the emergency powers . ), 
  that has nothing to do with the state of emergency , it 's a 50 yo law to bypass the lower court at the price of a `` motion de censure '' , where the lower court will vote on impeaching the executive branch . 
  it 's also giving bullshit reason for the opposition to the new work laws  but when you 're confronted with 10 % unemployment rate , outsourcing to other countries , and migrants/immigrants willing to work for less , you understand why that scares the french people . 
  it makes me think you have absolutely no idea of what is going on . 
  really , this post is horseshit , misrepresent the opposition and the government ( and i 'm telling that as someone that is not particularly opposed to the new law , but even then , it 's unjust to represent the opposition as this bunch of short-sighted morons ) . 
  it 's the same form , but the type is very different . 
  the * pain viennois * is softer and usually used for sweets . 
  the french baguette is not the same , so even if it was derived , saying that they claimed it as their own is misleading : they completely modified the way it is made . 
  the uk will also export a lot less , and members of the eu will be able to export between each other , taking advantage of the single market . 
  uk exports are pretty close to what germany exports . 
  germany will most likely compensate by growing these exports as there will be new demand . 
  germany will also try to become the finance center of europe once the city is out . 
  they will compete with france on that , but either way , they will add this kind of activity to their gdp . 
  and it 's pretty huge . 
  so yeah , germany will definitely not be hurt as bad as the uk , and it will not be in their interest to push too quickly for a trade agreement . 
  avoid politics then . 
  they have the responsibility to guard the interests of their citizens , it 's not really a place where being nice is the moral thing to do . 
  yesterday it was germany . 
  i guess we ca n't really expect anything else from english tabloids owned by murdoch . 
  if the eu dies , the general political alignment is gone first . 
  then the economic ties will go .
