  this has nothing to do with autism . 
  it 's a more general landscape with several sanitary scandals that occured during this decade ( contaminated blood for transfusion as well to cite another big scandal ) . 
  being against vaccines is not so black and white . 
  after the 80/90s there have been so many `` scientifically proven to be beneficial '' products that were in the end harmful , that no , this is not end of the discussion on the matter . 
  the usa can do as they please if they want , but the opinion will still be cautious and conservative on the matter in europe . 
  edit : and i am telling you that as someone that has very recently been vaccinated against hepatitis-b . 
  my parents refused to do so when i was a child , and i did when i became an adult , once i carefully considered the matter . 
  same thing on the gmo , i think that our regulatory structures are not ready for them , i think the tech is interesting and promising , unfortunately i also think that the companies that have their eggs in this basket are not thrustworthy and i would want much , much more transparency before i change my stance on the matter and i could support modifying the laws to be more permissive . 
  indeed , sorry for the mixup !, 
  and i agree with it a lot more than your original definition . 
  why did you put moral relativism into the mix ? 
  what is the source of your definition ? 
  you can find someone that would not believe in moral relativism and still believe in helping those they find disadvantaged in society . 
  thus your definition would be self-contradicting . 
  moral relativism is more and more challenged in the left , and the left is not defined by it . 
  and catholic integrist . 
  because the us will have to deal with the uk and the eu on separate grounds , and they do n't want that . 
  that 's a matter of international relationships . 
  how is it difficult to see ? 
   then we have france 's marine le pen campaigning for brexit . 
  there is a eurosceptic party in all eu countries you know . 
  citing them does not mean much . 
  there are branches inside the fn . 
  basically , the old legacy that was le pen , the father is held by his niece , marion mar\u00e9chal-le pen , mmlp ( you ca n't make that shit up ) , while a reformist view is played by marine le pen , mlp , his daughter . 
  there has been tension , up until the father was promptly shown the door by his daughter . 
  mmlp has thus participated in the big protest against the gay marriage , while mlp stayed away . 
  further , there is a high ranking fn which is himself gay , giving off a more friendly vibe . 
  then , there has been a few proeminent gay figures in france that took position for the fn , saying that they were disillusioned with republican politicians and their lack of motivation fighting against discrimination , mostly inside migrant communities and pauper neighborhood . 
  a lot of gays do not feel safe , the same way a girl alone will not feel safe . 
  they feel completely abandoned by current politicians , who will play it soft to tone down the racism accusation . 
  anyway , i think it 's a big show at the head of the fn , and they are effectively trying to gather people against their scapegoat , approaching from different angles so as to touch as many people as possible . 
  they agree on general discriminating policies and protectionism , even if for some of them it 's out of conservative principles , defending a catholic integrism , populism , you can make your choice . 
  yeah , so under the previous liberal government that was pretty good . 
  why elect pis , why change the law concerning the independence of the press then ? 
  what 's in question is where is poland headed ? 
  with pis , not in the right direction . 
  not in a direction i personally want the eu to go . 
  if poland wants to go there , that should be without other member states being associated with it . 
  stop being dumb . 
  i 'm talking about social dna , not the nature of the eastern europeans . 
  you have less respect for freedom of speech , independence of the media , critic of the government , than your western counterpart . 
  that 's part of the social dna , of the way the counterbalance works together . 
  and eastern european countries all rank lower on freedom of the press and fight against corruption . 
  take yourself as an example . 
  you yourself said that democracy was not the way for your country to get out of its current problems . 
  well , sorry to break it to you , but that pretty means that democracy is not high on your list of principles . 
  edit :  that is the nature of our cooperation according to you , and you wonder why we do n't want to ? 
  i do n't know what is the nature of our cooperation , but i certainly do n't want my taxes to go directly in the pocket of moronic populists fucking up the rule of law for their egotistic interest , playing against a majority of the population . 
  you are free to elect whomever you want , we are then free to keep our money from getting in their pockets . 
  do n't want to play by the rule of the eu ? 
  you are free to go , no one is forcing you to stay . 
  so why did you join the eu if that was such a bad idea ? 
  that 's not like you made us gain any money from it you know . 
  we gave you several billions per year so that you could develop . 
  if you are not happy that those billions served only your elite , then revolt . 
  do n't blame us . 
  if you want to revolt to force the money to trickle down , do it . 
  no one in europe will do so in your place . 
   because democracy has worked out so great so far . 
  what do you think would have worked better ? 
  how far do you think you could have gone , considering where you are coming from ? 
  eastern europe does not have democracy embedded in its blood , in its social dna . 
  however it 's a condition * sine qua non * to work with the western part . 
  if that 's not ok with you , then get lost . 
  democracy is not something that happens in 20 years . 
  instead of being ok with each government replacing key people in every counter power at each election cycle , your citizens should uphold transparency principles and stop buying in the bullshit your politicians are selling . 
   and the same union that dares to question the democratic elections ? 
  being democratically elected does not grant you the right to destroy the whole state and any counter power . 
  them being democratically elected does not grant them a blank check to build a fascist state . 
   like what ? 
  hungary would block every attempt for sanctions . 
  do n't come crying when you are ejected from the eu for failing to uphold the lisbon treaty . 
  the eu has been a net gain for your country , do you think you can get by without access to the global market , without access to the schengen area for your citizen , without public money ? 
  stop biting the hand that feeds you . 
  your expatriate will be expulsed from their host countries and will come back , asking for jobs that you do n't have . 
  you are not happy with how your country fares ? 
  stop putting the blame on the eu , your country is the prime culpit for this . 
  shat on its constitution . 
  such as ? 
  is there another country where the government is actively going against the constitution ? 
  the rule of law is important to be a democracy . 
  yeah , the last years of increasing economic prosperity and access to the european market must be * so * difficult to bear , i do n't know how you can do this . 
  russia would have probably given you as much money to develop yourself . 
  quick question , should n't it be more correct to say  20 % of all women do n't have any child at all . 
  in french , when there is * none * of something , it is a mistake to use the plural form , even if it is sometime very tempting . 
  is it the same in english ? 
   so populism is defined on whether an idea is `` short sighted '' ? 
  no , populism is when any idea is choosen only because it appeals to most people , regardless of it being short sighted or not . 
  it 's * argumentum ad populum * instead of defending the ideas for their inherent values . 
  populism is a knee-jerk reaction from someone trying to get elected that will say whatever people want to hear even if the idea is short-sighted . 
  it 's a short-term thinking for either spineless leaders lacking a vision or ruthless opportunist lacking principles and respect for what built our civilisation . 
  that 's not projecting , the article is actually a massive strawman and using simplistic arguments furthering its populist agenda . 
  it 's not `` people '' responding that way , it 's attention whores trying to ride the hype . 
  no wonder such person will be narcissistic , but they do not represent nor reflect the general trends or the general population stance on the matter . 
  they simply are more vocal , due to the nature of social medias . 
  reducing the civil society response to that is oversimplying and akin to a strawman . 
  the op is pretty useless and dumb due to falling prey to this ( among other thing , like furthering its populist agenda ) . 
  the epidermic response in this sub is ridiculous . 
  this thread reeks of - r-european , actually the whole sub is going this way . 
  thanks for remaining sane here .
