  it 's not supposed to be beneficial to him . 
  i think it 's impossible to prove . 
  it 's certain that a french would more easily use `` paternal figure '' over `` fatherly figure '' . 
  the impression you get from it is indeed different . 
  whether it has a really big role in the common perception , that 's much harder to measure . 
  in some other argument quite some time ago i was exposing my hypothesis that this dichotomy is also a way to explain why the french seem so arrogant to anglos everywhere . 
  we tend to use the words that are closest to french . 
  we end up using a limited vocabulary and do n't really realize its effect before learning english a little more . 
  they report illegal parking , respond to noise complaints , deal with day to day situation where there is n't really a need to arrest anyone but to defuse a situation or give a fine for whatever reason . 
  i 'm not telling for the laws to just stay the same . 
  the regulations have to be redefined to follow recent evolutions ( hence the `` shaking '' ) . 
  but i 'm also telling that uber can not operate completely outside of the labor code . 
  the labor code is the representation of the collective will of the people , they should not circumvent that just to make a profit , to the expense of some poor shmuck that the society will have to support afterward when he has lost his job . 
  destroying professions is costly . 
  some people will probably gain a few bucks by not paying their fair share for a service they would like to enjoy . 
  someone will have to pay for it , one way or another . 
  if no one picks up the bill , then it will be society . 
  these externalities are completely ignored by the kind of company that is uber . 
  they think they are the second coming of christ , that they will solve all our problems . 
  or they would like us to believe that . 
  but in the end , i would like myself not to have to pay for them to make their profit . 
  i do n't give a fuck about their service and about taxis , but i do n't want to be the one paying for them to build their market . 
  they have a time-limited contract with the government ( it is an important difference , because it can be somewhat difficult to get employed by the government , but once you 've passed all the tests you are set for life : you can not be fired ( except in case of criminal activity , but even then ... ) ) . 
  so they are there to respond to a surge in needs in a particular place . 
  these agents are payed by the town , not the state , so they are payed by the local representatives on a very tight budget . 
  the agents themselves are more there to help : they will report illegal parking for example or for noise during the night , that kind of stuff . 
  they are only trained for the minimum required to know the rules , not much else . 
  they can not operate without supervision from an actual police officer . 
  they are not security guard , as they effectively represent public authority , but they are not allowed to enact the full body of law and to arrest anyone . 
  as you can see , they can be employed to watch for some particular activity . 
  edit : just to be clear , it seems that one was an agent and the other was a police officer . 
  the police officer is also payed by the town ( hence the * municipal * ) , but they are more full fledged cops . 
  they are however still not allowed to arrest anyone . 
  that 's the job of the national police , which have vastly superior fundings and training . 
  their cooperation is still pretty close . 
  the police national corps is affected for a few years in the same town and act as the regular police there , they are not like state police in the usa where they will only come once in a while for a big case . 
  the left tried to install proximity police , that would operate in the same vincinity and know the people there . 
  those were disbanded by sarkozy the very next term . 
  they were watching over a place where a gang used to operate , specifically to stop them from operating . 
  that would be part of  not respecting workers rights uber externalize their risks on their employees , without recognizing them as employee and without granting them the same protection . 
  taxis needs to be shaken up . 
  uber needs to be regulated and to respect the law . 
  it was a municipal cop and a security agent that were detached to watch a particularly dangerous crossway . 
  there was a gang that operated there some years before , stealing things from people in cars stopped at the red light . 
  a security camera has been installed to catch them . 
  the two agents were there to watch and report any wrongdoing . 
  they were not able normally to catch anyone or to respond to violence . 
  these particular cops can only make a report and call reinforcement . 
  so yeah , they were not trained for this kind of thing . 
  not everyone can be , there is n't enough funding . 
  their mission was n't supposed to be dangerous . 
  no , you 're right , it was n't just for poland , but their concerns were amongst the most vocal and pressing . 
  france had to do it anyway so the point is a bit moot . 
  nonetheless , the rest stands : poland really stabbed us in the back on this deal , that 's worrying for the eu . 
  it 's impossible to say before the actual negotiations starts . 
  we can only conjecture on the worst case for the moment . 
  once we have a clear image of the worst case , either party will propose ways to get a compromise . 
   russia would n't bomb them if there would be no hostilities , like they did n't during last truces that 's the crux of the argument . 
  did they stop because it was in the terms of the previous truce or simply from the kindness of their heart ? 
  i do n't really believe the latter to be relevant in these matters . 
  to me it seems like the perfect recipe to have russia start bombing again when politically interesting , blame the rebels saying that they were preparing to attack and then tell everyone how they respected the truce when they were cowardly attacked by some truce-breaking rebels . 
  it 's just so one-sided , a perfect set up for a political hit . 
  it 's ** obviously ** unacceptable , i do n't know how anyone could accept those conditions . 
  it 's a win-win for russia : propose this resolution , either it is accepted and jackpot , you 've got syria in your pocket or not and you can whine to the western block that they are blocking peace . 
  pretty typical russian diplomacy . 
  and in the end you 've got people that will post things like  nato vetoes russian-drafted un resolution on aleppo truce  nato-russia 1-1 on the internet for free propaganda . 
  we have established that we would not gain from it . 
  not that we would lose more by doing so than by letting uk get everything it wants ( i.e. 
  banking passport without being in the common market , that 's utter bollocks ) . 
  sure . 
  the uk trying to profit from brexit will inevitably go against our economic interest . 
  we will have to protect ourselves . 
  that 's sad , but that 's what it actually means to leave a union . 
  our interest will diverge until everything is settled . 
  we did not choose that and if it was possible i 'm sure every eu leader would prefer the uk to stay and to forget about all this nonsense , but here we are . 
  there are winners in the sense that some will lose less than others . 
  the russian one was a stop of hostilities , except for the bombing . 
  the only goal of this resolution was to have an excuse to later say `` see , we tried something but you just would n't let us , why do you hate peace ? 
  others have already replied about this , but i want to make it clear : airbus granted offsets that were never seen before in the industry . 
  they were greater than the value of the deal itself . 
  airbus also agreed to build in poland . 
  it was actually in projects to have poland become the fifth column for production . 
  pis scrapped the deal so that the factories that would be built would be in their local political stronghold . 
  it is not an economically sound move , it 's entirely political , and pretty much against poland 's and eu 's best interest . 
  the deal was already approved , the negotiations were simply about some amount of offsets . 
  airbus already started to build the helis to be able to deliver them in time . 
  that , and also france scrapped a deal with russia just to please poland . 
  now they stab us in the back . 
  this wo n't go smoothly , poland will hear from it for a long time . 
  `` the most crazy things '' . 
  that guy has a responsibility in a vote that will shake europe and make us all worse off . 
  he did it because he is xenophobic and is tired of seeing europeans in his country . 
  and then , when we tell him what we think of all that , he complains because he feel like his ideas are not the most popular in other countries . 
  crazy . 
   which we made at the beginning for 9 months . 
  the previous government agreed to a provisional deal . 
  those terms were accepted by both party . 
  now pis scrapped it and is already buying american . 
  that 's not how you conduct business . 
  if you have an agreement , you stick to it , even after a change of government .
