  yeah , we are slowly losing our advance in the global economy . 
  this means that french are becoming poorer and poorer , and it will continue . 
  the only reason we were rich in the first place is because we had colonies and because our ancestors committed atrocities . 
  people are fucking naive if they think we can retain our priviledges ( high quality of life , pensions , social safety ) without robbing blind other countries . 
  this is not the problem of people in power stabbing people , this is barely a blimp in the face of history . 
  this is simply the normal march of the world . 
  either we become imperialist fucks like the usa or russia , or we continue decaying slowly . 
  the left has to shake off this hypocrisy . 
  either we stand for moral principles , human rights and liberty , or we stand for our people getting the longer end of the sticks against `` others '' . 
  this is the current dichotomy of the left , and there are still populists claiming that they would be able to reconcile both ends . 
  this is obviously a crock of shit . 
  some will . 
  it 's still better than nothing when debating with the likes of / r/le _ pen and consort . 
  google will simply remove anything pejorative about persons in its suggestions . 
  is france threatening the annihilation of a neighbor country ? 
  they are saying that from the european pov . 
  of course it makes sense for americans to do so . 
  well , i never spammed in the first place , so of course i wo n't stop  . 
  i 'm not the one shitposting and being aggressive . 
  if you ca n't understand his sentence , do you seriously think that you would be able to understand a philosophical argument about linguistic and meaning in text ? 
  i think you are asking for things you would not be able to deal with . 
  france would manage this just as well as the uk : badly . 
  i do n't want the current anti-eu parties to be anywhere near an office that will decide a budget in the following years . 
  their populist appeals will , with absolute certainty , steer them away from rational policing . 
  well , he is not , and if you are unable to follow a simple discussion on the internet you should stop being aggressive to other and just stop posting . 
  usually i do not downvote you for your opinion , but because you are strawmaning and insufferable with your interlocutor . 
  you are extremely arrogant , unfair in your rhetoric and using cheap tricks when debating . 
  you seem to think that it 's somehow not clear to the reader , but obviously it is . 
  that and of course you ideas are unpopular , but even unpopular ideas do not garner downvotes like you do . 
   i am not convinced that among the population of the eurozone as a whole , leaving the eurozone has no mainstream appeal . 
  politicians just say whatever will garner them vote . 
  if it had a mainstream appeal , you 'd see mainstream politicians proposing it . 
  you seem to operate under the assumption that there is some conspiracy , as if there was a cabal orchestrated against this idea . 
  the eu still requires a free society for membership , and these anti-eu ideas are still free to be expressed . 
  it is not a conspiracy , it is simply that you are on the fringe and have a hard time realizing it . 
   i have no idea wtf you are talking about . 
  you should probably work on your reading comprehension . 
   well , we agree . 
  you conveniently left out `` i 'm saying i have complete confidence in the immorality of the anti-eu parties . 
  holy shit you 're dense . 
  why are you talking about snapchat and periscope ? 
  as i said , their public is younger , not of voting age . 
  the source was about the us , but it is the same in france . 
  when 90 % of the users are over 18 in the us , you can consider that a large majority is over 18 in france as well . 
  you 're very optimistic . 
  teens do not use facebook , that a thing for the previous generation . 
  teens use snapshat or periscope . 
  https://isl.co/2014/01/3-million-teens-leave-facebook-in-3-years-the-2014-facebook-demographic-report/ granted , it 's for the us , but the vast , vast majority of people using facebook are absolutely of voting age . 
  as for learning how to read classic news , you seem to have missed the massive crisis traditional medias are having this decade . 
  economic liberalism , social progressivism . 
  he has been very evasive about the details of his program . 
  we only know of it what he said in interviews , in public meetings or from his positions when in the government . 
  voters ? 
  the left-wing populist is m\u00e9lenchon . 
  liberalism is certainly not among the populist programs these days . 
  yes we do . 
  we have a galaxy of identitarian movements that are very active on social networks and will spread fake news about migrants and supposed conspiracy by the msm and the `` umps '' or how everyone is out to get there while putting their head in the sand in the face of * the greatest treat france has ever known * ^ ( tm ) , the [ grand remplacement ] ( https://fr.wikipedia.org/wiki/grand_remplacement ) . 
  yes , we have fake news . 
  and do not believe for a second that russia will stop at financially backing the fn . 
  he was a traitor to the socialist party , which is not equivalent to a social traitor . 
  the parti socialist is a social-democrat party . 
  it follows keynesianism and is generally liberal . 
  it is not socialism . 
  meh , it 's not too bad . 
  it allows for pretty much all political colors to be present and to have a voice , with the smaller parties being allowed positions in the new government if they bring in voices , and at the same time it keeps out the extremes . 
  the socialists are left , not far-left . 
  the far-left has not won a major election in decades . 
  it is one of your recurring antics : you always tell that people who do not agree with you are confused and upset . 
  you are incredibly arrogant . 
   eu people are currently going through grief and confused feelings about the uk . 
  your arrogance is touching , but no . 
  there is no `` except '' here , this is exactly what the parent comment said . 
  you 're putting as if it was something that was disputed or debated . 
  it 's not . 
   that doesnt mean they want war and the eradication of jews throughout europe . 
  no , it will mean that they will seek the eradication of any group of people they deem to be against the interest of the people , whichever they may be and obviously , aligned with their own self-interest . 
  it so happen that we have a perfect scapegoat , muslim migrants , that are used by populist all over europe to gain power . 
   the problem with populism is not that its inherently bad it is . 
  it is inherently bad , because the root of populism is an `` us-vs-them '' mentality to gain power at the expense of the very people that are believing they will make them their problems disappear . 
  the us-vs-them rhetoric will ** always ** destroy the fabric of society and togetherness that makes democracy possible . 
  even if with the best intention in mind , it is hurtful and dangerous , in and of itself . 
  the usual stances of the church on most societal issues are pretty conservative . 
  usually the church itself is considered to be pretty removed from the world , out of touch in a way . 
  being conservative thus mean being right wing , simple as that . 
  there has been a long tradition of being `` leftist catholics '' as well in france , but their vote will not be going to a candidate that touts his religion publicly . 
  only on the right does it helps garner votes . 
  so bringing your religion publicly in france means that you are chasing rightist votes . 
   well , that 's * inspiring * ... as i 've said already on a number of occasions , democracy 's main problem is exactly illiteracy . 
  i think you have a vastly inflated idea of how much people care about what you said . 
  then for all your smugness , you obviously have no idea what you are talking about . 
  it has . 
  social democracies apply keynesian economics along with some limited socialism . 
  socialism would be to make all means of production publicly owned . 
  currently you have a mix of semi public or nationalized companies , along with fully private one . 
  this allows to protect some fundamental state functions , like healthcare , defense or energy . 
  any critical sector has state participation to ensure that it will not go bankrupt or fall prey to outside influence , like chinese dumping killing these companies then rising prices once the market is entirely captive . 
  this is how pretty much all western democracies functions . 
  the anglo saxon way however would be to let these outside influence happen , as illustrated by the recent opposition of the uk to forbidding chinese access to some critical infrastructure , in opposition to france and germany on the matter at the eu level . 
  well , yes . 
  yeah , forget the collusion with the facho-sphere .
