  they are given jobs and position when the fn is in power , along with the usual corruption ( estate deals to the advantage of friends when mayor of a city , contracts going to their gud-held companies ) . 
  the fn is even worse than regular parties on this matter , is unbelievable that some people are still taking them seriously . 
  their ability to do damage to the economy are very real . 
  it 's not just rhetoric when social associations helping the disinfranchised will lose their fundings or their leases , that will do very real damage to immigrants integration . 
  it 's not just rhetoric . 
  this idea that she would n't be able to do much damage is stupid . 
  the french presidency is not like the american one . 
  there are additional powers for the executive branch . 
  just take the 49.3 . 
  that bet you are describing is incredibly dangerous and blindsided . 
  i ca n't believe some people can seriously think that way . 
  getting out of the eu will do far more damage to our social system than anything fillon could ever do . 
  you are confusing a way to bring exposure to an issue with an philosophical argument about said issue . 
  they were n't claiming that it should be legalized on the basis that they were already doing it , they were claiming that abortion being illegal was asinine as functioning members of society were convinced * for any number of reasons and specific arguments which were not presented with the stunt * that aborting was something that was acceptable . 
  they were then claiming that their arguments should be heard , because they were willing to be prosecuted for them to be heard . 
  this was simply a way to draw attention . 
  no , the key component here is that it was respected people that were doing this , which was useful to actually show the hypocrisy of a society that valued their inputs / lives , but made illegal one of the choices they did at some point . 
  this is the hypocrisy . 
  without that , there is no argument . 
  no respected member of the society will come forward and claim that he is a thief . 
  yes , under miterrand . 
  since then , france has proposed a shared access to our nukes to germany , which was refused . 
  it could absolutely come back on the negotiation table with trump 's election . 
  the press blatantly lying to their reader is not a freedom of the press worthy of being fundamental . 
  there are other free countries that banned manipulated images from being used in news outlet . 
  journalists organisation themselves did that as well . 
  the same morality , maybe , even that is debatable . 
  it had however definitely a different legal standpoint . 
  case in point : this article . 
  piracy is actually illegal in most countries . 
  ad blocking is not . 
  the greens were not a trainwreck at the time , it was the election that dug their grave though . 
  had they choosen a sensible candidate ( joly had a stellar career as a judge , but did not have enough charisma ) , they would have made a far better score at the time . 
  so now , rightists will deflect and try to spin `` fake news '' on the left as well . 
  indecency truly knows no bound . 
   people , especially from the left , are pretending to be be all shocked about fake news this formulation is exactly the same as calling someone politically correct : not only do you say that he is wrong , but also that he is disingenuous , that he actually lied about his arguments ( '' * pretending * to be all shocked ) . 
  this is also entertaining the fantasy that they are somehow part of a greater group , some elitist / establishment that would try to spin the news , to lie to the population , and that would be * them * in an us vs. them dichotomy . 
  this is part of the current problem ( not too distant from the anti-pc crowd calling anyone disagreeing with sjw ) . 
  sorry to jump on it like that but i really ca n't stand this kind of bullshit anymore . 
  it had to be said . 
  as for your point , i do n't know who you are talking about when you say millenials , this is a catch-all term that some would call me as depending on their agenda . 
  but i have a problem with you putting the responsibility on the left and on the millenials particularly . 
  i use adblockers , i encourage everyone around me to do so . 
  this is the way we fight against these fake news outlet , because for them this is their only stream of income . 
  this is how we fight against bullshit websites that are building their influences on the data they are collecting and selling on their customers . 
  using ad-blockers is absolutely necessary , and it is time that the internet detach itself from the previous mass-media ( radio , television ) paradigm that it has started to replace . 
  internet was disruptive when it was pushed by anarchist academics in the 70s . 
  it has been phagocyted by mastodons like google , facebook , amazon to produce data and analytics , and this habits , this way of generating money is part of this cancer that is populism in our democracy . 
  news should not be a popularity contest . 
  the form should not define the kind of audience , the reach that you should be able to have . 
  it is necessary to destroy the basis for this industry , and ad-blockers are prime tools for this . 
  the traditional left may have been misheard recently , but this is because immigrations is being blown out of proportions by the populist rights , and because medias are craving that kind of attention . 
  there is a general distrust in politics as well . 
  however , it has been 10 + years already that alternatives have been pushed against consumerism , against productivism , against free-market capitalism , for the environment . 
  so do n't put that bullshit on the left , just because you ca n't hear its message . 
  this has already been debated for a long time , but only now some people are starting to listen to it . 
  it long past time people are starting to wake up about it , because our democracies have been in danger and have been attacked for some years already . 
  economic morosity and the crisis of 2008 is partially at fault , people being blinded by consumerism and hoping that their life being worth anything is dependent on the shit they buy should also be seen as such . 
  you were told numerous time why your bizarre ideas are not the reality . 
  this notion that hitler was from the left is pure far right propaganda from the usa . 
  this has ** no ** basis in reality . 
  no one wants to repeat times and times again the same info because a dude just wanted to `` keep the conversation moving '' . 
   you do n't provide any info though and i 've learned nothing knew . 
  to learn anything you 'd have to at least read the things that were written for you . 
  many informations were provided to you . 
  macron will bypass the left primary . 
  he will compete against the winner of the primary , which can be valls . 
  if so , the center-left will be divided between the two . 
  if montebourg wins the primary ( or someone else more to the left ) , then macron will gather some votes but the far-left will be devided between the winner of the primary and m\u00e9lenchon . 
  the center-right will probably build their strategy upon who wins the left primary . 
  they can compete against macron if valls is there as well to steal votes . 
  if not , they might try to strike a deal with fillon and not present any candidate . 
  in the end , this means that the left will not win this election and that we will end up either with fillon without the center-right to bash in some sense in his politic or without them and he will go full liberal ( european sense of the word ) . 
  things can change however !, 
  if melenchon garners a lot of votes from the former communists ( he is not left enough as of yet ) , he could steal votes from the fn , our ... far right ( mighty clusterfuck ) . 
  he has had a long streak of being ahead in the polls , but we saw how it helped jupp\u00e9 at the primary . 
  anyhow , a way for us to pull a 2016 would be for him to go to the second round with either fillon or le pen . 
  and there , the left would fucking laugh in its grave . 
  all of that to say that anything can happen as of now . 
  but le pen wo n't win the second round . 
  no mister , she wo n't . 
  the fn as well iirc . 
  has any pro eu party misspent its budget ? 
  if not , why should they repay anything ? 
  yes , i think we should reduce the time spent working , each week as well as during a career , in order to tackle long term unemployment trends . 
  we will have less and less activity with more automation . 
  in the near long term , we will need basic income . 
  anyway , yeah i do n't agree with his ideas , but i would vote for him against le pen in a heartbeat . 
  he wants to defend the schengen agreement , and in order to do so , push for more funding for frontex . 
  his program is axed toward a europe of nations , so that ought to speak to the traditional fn voter ( not so much to the new , illiberal , anti system one ) . 
  if he wins the primary , he will probably fragment the fn voter base . 
  which is why it 's still possible for fillon to have been prime minister under sarkozy yet both having a very clear personal distance , even if always put on hold for the sake of keeping power . 
  sorry , i meant liberal in the european ( or french ) sense , not american one . 
  he is for reduced public spending , reduced charges on the private sector , supressing the 35h , delaying the retirement age . 
  he cites thatcher as an inspiration . 
  yes , he defends protectionist policies for the eu but currently , given that both the usa and china are doing the same respectively , that 's pretty much necessary to not fall prey to aggressive dumping policies . 
  fillon `` easily garnering socialist vote '' would do just as much in projecting the image of a umps system . 
  fillon is too hardcore on liberalism . 
  i think he is more pro-eu indeed , but he will also make a lot of noise and there will be strikes . 
  his extreme liberalist policies will further fragilise the poorest voters , which are the one voting for the fn in the first place .
