  they will receive a big part of their budget not from the government , but from eu . 
  they will have far more independence than now . 
  i think decentralization is good . 
  it 's better for european integration in the long run . 
  but it will certainly change things around . 
  it has always been the case . 
  tactical units have their identity protected , regardless of their operation . 
  that 's pretty much the same everywhere . 
  you 'll have to show me where in this document you find that effective tax rate of 7.4 % . 
  the only thing it touches upon is total tax rate , which was 66 % in 2015 and is 61 % in 2016 ( among the highest in oecd ) . 
  france also does not tax profit but labour primarily , giving a skewed view when comparing numbers . 
  the number you cite is not coming from the pwc study , but an oecd economic survey ( https://books.google.co.uk/books?id=g9mf53gxz90c&amp;pg=pa76&amp;lpg=pa76&amp;dq=france+corporate+effective+tax+rate+cac40&amp;source=bl&amp;ots=pikfw1okd9&amp;sig=uj-su9uaxosstsf2tlwnrw_-57w&amp;hl=en&amp;sa=x&amp;ved=0cb8q6aewagovchmixlie99ftyaivqpiach1r3wvp#v=onepage&amp;q=france%20corporate%20effective%20tax%20rate%20cac40&amp;f=false ) , which is itself citing an impossible to find report from the conseil des pr\u00e9l\u00e8vement obligatoires from 2009 . 
  this report arrives to the conclusion that the biggest firms are taxed to an effective rate of 8 % , however it does not distinguish between tax breaks and simple loopholes abused by these firms . 
  such loopholes have most likely evolved since , and a lot of tax reforms have been introduced since . 
  as for tax breaks , when they are found illegal the companies involved are made to pay back france , which is normal . 
  the point of the commission is that the tax break for apple is specific to apple and only available to them . 
  we 'll see if this is the case . 
  you already have the low tax rate . 
  that 's not what is at stake however . 
  the appeal is about illegal tax aid ( or rather , the term illegal here ) . 
  the low tax rate should be enough . 
  using special deals to have an effective rate of something between 0 and 1 % is pushing though . 
  ireland have made a lot of efforts in trying to show us how they are not having the economic strategy of a tax heaven ( which are , usually , small islands that have no real other ressources to compete with ) . 
  the appeal however is extremely strange , because it is pushing in the opposite direction , trying to defend how a company could have * legally * , an effective tax rate below 1 % . 
  if that 's legal for ireland , then the pr effort was for naugh . 
  the situation of the company , thankfully , should have no influence on the outcome of such judgement . 
  whether it is monopolistic or not , whatever the government is trying to accomplish , the idea is to be equal in front of the law . 
   apple is in no way a monopolist in ireland , and especially not in europe - so would gain no serious market advantage that would effect competition seriously ? 
  paying $ 8bn ( 13bn with interest ) less taxes would not affect the benefits of a company , and would not allow it to have an edge over its competitors ? 
  that 's some serious mental gymnastic you 're trying to do here . 
  that 's not the nature of the company or the nature of the market that makes this ruling controversial , but the way the tax break has been evaluated by the commission . 
  the `` mental gymnastic '' involved here might be much easier to practice than the one claiming that lower taxes do not distort competition though . 
   vestager insisted she and almunia had not moved the goal posts . 
  `` this is not new , '' she said . 
  `` the state aid rules applied since 1958 . 
  they are laid down in the treaty and ratified by parliaments in each and every member state . 
   `` it 's never been a secret that tax exemptions could be state aid , and that if so , they 'd have to be paid back . 
  the only secret was the tax rulings themselves . '' the eu commission learn that a tax break exists for apple in 2013 following a us senat committee investigation , builds up its own investigation , and finds a ruling that have been done 25 years ago . 
   speaking in copenhagen , vestager said : `` i am often asked why it took so long for us to start investigating tax rulings that go back to the 90s . 
  the answer is that , for a very long time , fiscal secrecy prevailed over transparency . '', 
  the problem is that the eu has no power on this matter . 
  the states did not give it mandate to harmonise tax rules in the union , and it can not punish states on this matter ( it 's being pushed for though ) . 
  there are only some few checks enabled , which are already building controversies as you can see . 
   the leader of the center right that 's debatable . 
  sarkozy is hard right , pandering to the fn . 
  jupp\u00e9 is not pandering to the fn , and does not believe he needs it to win . 
  that 's the `` center '' right ( if so . . ), 
  he said  since i ( the population ) would give it to eu . 
  there is no other way of interpreting that as talking as if he was the whole country . 
  that 's obviously rhetorical , calling him arrogant for explaining his point is just stupid . 
   the same people are n't showing a fellow eu state much solidarity in being ready to nail us up on the basis of hearing one side of the story . 
  we 're mostly hearing our side of the story , which is `` double irish '' and how ireland is still selling the access to the european market to foreign companies on the cheap ( up until 2020 ) . 
  your own government modified the law on that point . 
  the irish government recognize itself that it was mistaken regarding its tax policy . 
  it 's not just `` our own side of the story '' . 
  furthermore , on that particular subject , our own companies are also asked to pay back the same kind of money . 
  the amounts are different because we 're not talking about apple , but the exact same rules apply to every one . 
   ireland collects 12.5 % on the profits from the small part of the overall value of apple products that is created in the eu . 
  apple negotiated a special rate lower than 2 % . 
  they tell that themselves , there is no controversy on that point . 
  that 's in their report to the us senate committee in 2013 . 
  ireland is protesting , telling us that it is not illegal , that it is not special . 
  but that 's still only 2 % ( if so ) . 
   it eventually will all be taxed in the us so this idea that big us corporations pay no tax anywhere is just populist fantasy . 
  they just have n't yet until something changes . 
  so it 's populist to say that companies should respect the law ? 
  their multinational structure is the only thing protecting them from the spirit of the law . 
  this is disgusting , and that `` something change '' should not happen . 
  if it never happens , somehow they wo n't ever pay taxes ? 
  that 's it , that 's working as intended for you ? 
  `` france '' ? 
  that 's not `` france '' , that 's a few morons trying to get back control over their lives any way they can think of , by giving the finger to the establishment . 
  that 's fringe vote , flared up by economic incertainty . 
  will you search on the internet or will you rely on hearsay ? 
  other countries have received the same kind of judgement before . 
  edf ( french electricity company ) had to pay back $ 1.4 bn to france recently . 
  a lot of countries are guilty of it ? 
  the companies that received the undue aid are made to pay it back , so do n't act surprised . 
  ireland agreed to respect some rules regarding tax break when it joined , otherwise we would not be having this conversation . 
  the law is paramount here . 
  as put elsewhere , we ca n't just retroactively enact laws as we see fit . 
  and the eu commission believes that the law says that apple has to give back an illegal help from a eu government . 
   if the irish government is to be penalized , then by how much ? 
  however , there is also a clause that says that if other eu countries are feeling that they have lost taxes due to unfair practices from another member , they can ask that money back . 
  some countries that lost revenue due to the double irish could possibly ask ireland some money . 
  that 's not the job of the eu commission though . 
   apple is the most profitable business in the whole world , it 's not just another tech firm . 
  and that 's all the better reason for them to pay their full taxes , not some ridiculous amount that essentially reinforce them in their dominant position while other small companies struggle to exist . 
  as said elsewhere : because it 's not a fine . 
  the company is paying what the it would owe if it was n't receiving a gift from ireland . 
  so no one is getting punished , neither ireland nor apple . 
  apple got a nice $ 14bn help from a eu government , the eu commission claims that it is illegal and is asking the money to be given back . 
  the previous highest `` fine '' was edf ( french electricity contractor ) , that had to pay $ 1.4 bn back to the government . 
  yes , it 's not unique . 
   ... do n't want to be processed either . 
  yes , as well as claiming an agenda from the french government on the subject , which needed to be corrected . 
  tearing up the sangatte camp did not solve the problem . 
  there is n't yet a good solution to the problem . 
  france has started fending off migrants at its border with italy , so that might be the start of a changing trend in their arrival . 
  however there are still a few thousands to be processed .
