   and the only things that are worth saying wo n't be said . 
  what are those things ? 
  among other things the fact that we are living with the consequences of an immigration and ` integration ' fantasy which should have been abandoned years ago . 
  instead our governments have kept pretending that the weakening of europe 's external borders and the erosion of its internal borders happening at the same time as one of the largest population replacement exercises in history could have no tangible effects on our continent 's future . 
  they pretend that britain will always be britain , france will always be france , sweden will always be sweden and belgium will always be belgium . 
  actually , it seems that the standard response is more along exploiting the event to further one 's agenda . 
  fuck this post and fuck this sub for going in this direction . 
  that such a low hanging fruit is so upvoted is ridiculous . 
  what ? 
  who is talking about copying france ? 
  we are ourselves trying to copy other countries . 
  `` either we trade or we fight to take what we want '', 
  it 's easy to say now that every has effectively been pacified by the eu . 
   quite contrary , history proves that you absolutely do if you can take over his bakery and make a whole situation a net profit for you then he is not your baker . 
  he is the neighbor competing with your own bakery and you 'd like to take his place . 
  trade and common markets definitely pushes war and conflicts away . 
  you simply do n't kill your baker . 
  or if you 're a baker , you do n't kill your farmer . 
  or if you 're a farmer , you do n't kill the tractor maker . 
  whom will probably also buy bread from the same baker . 
  and if you are a farmer and such maker wo n't sell to you due to national interests , then you have that much incentive in attacking him to take what you want . 
  this is a question of community . 
  in this day and age , our `` local '' community is expanded to the whole continent . 
  once you have common interests and binding rules , there is an argument arising to have better efficiency in your costs defending these interests . 
  if we have all the same interests or interests extremely close to each other , then nothing prevents us from improving the efficiency of our operations . 
  he 's mostly asking eurosceptics to look exactly at that , what led up to these wars . 
  a divided europe , competing amon each others for power . 
  the eu as an institution was first and foremost a project to end this . 
  we all put our eggs in the same basket , so we all have that much less incentive to breaks those of our neighbors . 
  a doctor is already used in numerous ways to verify that you can do your work and that you are not at risk . 
  this kind of procedure is pretty common and there are already a lot of checks in place to ensure they are not bribed . 
  them losing their license and their career would be extremely financially damaging . 
  not really worth the risk . 
  at least not just to hire one model too thin . 
  at that point they would be better going abroad and stopping working in france . 
  they can . 
  if some people are naturally skinny , the doctor can recognize it as such and say that they are healthy . 
   a third party should have no say in the agreements between 2 consenting adults . 
  yes they should . 
  no market can self-regulate perfectly . 
  it 's seen all around the world , even in the most capitalistic societies : every market needs some regulation . 
   if you force studios to close youre taking these models and studio owners out of business because you 're trying to '' protect them from themselves '' , whatever that might mean . 
  the models will work in other studios that complies and respect their models , and the one that are harmful to society and the models will thus close . 
  good thing then . 
  no problem here . 
   they are robbing people of opportunity and freedom for the sake of other 's peace of mind . 
  and incidentally also for the lives of some models that are forced to become unhealthy . 
  if the population shows that it can not self-regulate , it is normal for the government to step in . 
   if they want to defend models from exploitation go after the agencys and the media outlets that publish it , instead of the models who are under fire from two fronts now . 
  the medical control is under the responsibility of the agency . 
  it is the agency that will be fined . 
  obviously . 
  the models are under no fire and no risk of being fined for their weight . 
   i simply think government intervention is not necessary in this case well , given the state of the industry , government intervention is obviously needed then . 
  they did n't self-regulate properly , they showed that they needed for the gov to keep them in check . 
  well now it does . 
   if a studio would only accept underweight girls then the choice should still be up to the model no , then the studio should be fined and if it continues it should be closed . 
  because it endangers its workers and participates in promoting an imagery that is harmful to an important and manipulable part of the population ( young and teenage girls falling prey to social pressure ) . 
   edit : trains away from calais , anywhere , divide them into camps and make them stay there until they are done with the asylum processing . 
  we train them away to the south of france when they are caught . 
  we can not lock them up . 
  we can not wait for the asylum processing because they do not apply for asylum . 
  we can not force them to do so . 
  they are unwilling to do so . 
  deport them where then ? 
  i assure you , paying 6000 plane tickets to wherever would be preferred to the current clusterfuck anytime if that was possible . 
  it tells you where they lived , not their nationality . 
  it 's pretty important when dealing with international law ( or even law in general ) . 
  to deport them we must have proof of their nationality , not simply their origin . 
   the officials should make clear to them that they will only get a bare minimum of support to survive ( no pocket money ) , no official recognition , no work permit , and no freedom to move outside their camp if they do n't cooperate . 
  that 's exactly what they receive , and that 's exactly what is made clear to them . 
  we can not lock them up without a judgement first . 
  no one will get locked away without a conviction and a chance to defend themselves . 
  even without nationality , they have human rights . 
  you think you will break migrants that payed and went through that much to get there by making them live in prison in better condition than in their camp ? 
  when they know perfectly well that if they break , they will be back to square one with a few thousand euros less ? 
  so if they are not willing to cooperate ( because it means that they will get deported , so guess what , they ** will not ** cooperate ) , then how do you find their home country ? 
  heard of sangatte ? 
  they are moved away to the south of france , but they come back by the first high speed train ( without paying of course )  much less than what crossed small countries like slovenia every single day yeah , crossed . 
  if only we could let them cross our country and just go where the fuck they want . 
  because that 's what all of our neighbors and their neighbors have done to let them arrive there . 
  except we block them and the uk block them . 
  and they will thus stay there . 
  and dealing with migrants on the long term is already done , but , those do not want to migrate there . 
  they do not want to apply for asylum , they can not be forced to do anything . 
  we can not know their country of origin , we can not deport them . 
  so is the police the only solution ? 
  what will we do with them , lock them up in our overcrowded jails with criminals for no crime ? 
  no judgement , no identity , no nationality ? 
  because if we do n't lock them up , then they come back , again , and again , to calais . 
  what are you talking about ? 
  i 'm talking about the border that should be checked in dover and us that are accepting to stop migrants on behalf of the uk , and then being criticized for doing so . 
  fucking end this farce . 
  they can apply for asylum anytime they want . 
  not all of them can be deported . 
  all that can be done is move them around a bit . 
  we can not force them to stay in france ( well , we are , but in the grand scheme of things we ca n't ) . 
  either we deport them , or we let them through . 
  seems like either solution is not feasible . 
  well , that it was a possibility does not make it necessary .
