  any person under 30 in france now has at least conversational english , or feel extremely insecure about not having it . 
  the general sentiment ( at least in my social circles , so i may be wrong ) is not at all that it is okay to lag behind here . 
  more people are also extremely critical of the politic of favoring french culture on our networks . 
  at least i can read `` and you thought i was talking about my finger '' and immediately see that it is dumb as fuck . 
  maybe being a reddit warrior is not so bad after all , you should try . 
  or they ca n't ... 
  not fascists , just a surge of / r/european redditor going here and spreading their bigotry . 
  the general tone in / r/europe these days is certainly not to the taste of a lot of regular here . 
  english has been promoted in school for a long time . 
  there is absolutely no political will to block people from being at ease in international contexts . 
  no , our school system is just not very good with languages . 
  do n't attribute to bad will something that could simply be idiocy . 
   i was pointing a fact about politics and organization with my hand and you thought i was talking about my finger . 
  that 's hilariously wrong . 
  you 're all arrogant and cocky when you ca n't even fucking use a quote correctly ( and moreover , when you compare yourself to a `` wise man '' and the one you are talking with to an idiot ) . 
  you blame people first for not understanding when you should be looking at yourself and questioning your limitations . 
  no wonder people on the internet hate the french . 
   i 'm pretty obviously not going to have been influenced by fox news . 
  maybe not , but at least you 'd fit right in with them . 
   the french are arrogant , but they have had nothing to back that arrogance up with in the past hundred years oh ffs , this old trope of france longing for its lost place in the world . 
  we do n't fucking care . 
  we are not more arrogant than any other country . 
  most french shit on france at the first occasion . 
  in fact it is a national sport . 
  however , we ** do ** get accustomed to french bashing . 
  seriously , this is everywhere on the internet . 
  we wo n't change minds , but * every * time france is on the news , we get another slice of shit . 
  we get it , you people hate france . 
  just leave it to rest already . 
  holy shit , poe 's law is in full effect here . 
   because , guess what , they are not refugees under un definition . 
  i just showed you that they were refugees under the un definition . 
  that 's all i 've said since the beginning . 
  i do n't care about what germany consider refugees , i 'm only saying that the un consider every person coming from syria as a refugee . 
  http://www.refworld.org/cgi-bin/texis/vtx/rwmain?docid=544e446d4 see 21. :  unhcr characterizes the flight of civilians from syria as a refugee movement . 
  syrians , and palestine refugees who had their former habitual residence in syria , require international protection until such time as the security and human rights situation in syria improves significantly and conditions for voluntary return in safety and dignity are met . 
  now stop trolling . 
  like it or not , if they are syrian , they are refugees . 
   1 . there are many parts of syria that are save . 
  the un automatically consider anyone coming from syria as a refugee . 
  your opinion does n't matter here , there is a legal definition and countries respecting international treaties will respect it . 
  what ? 
  they are not working because we do not allow them to work . 
  and if we did , then they would start being integrated before receiving full-fledged asylum and we would have trouble sending back those who would not receive it . 
  asylum seeker is not a stable condition in which they will stay forever . 
  ok , thanks for your input . 
  what a shit post . 
  uh what ? 
  what is so right wing about it ? 
  the tongue-in-cheek translations are pure products of / r/rance . 
  hell , / r/rance is the true / r/murica version of / r/france . 
  / r/francelibre are pale wannabees , that are actually dumb . 
   it 's easy everywhere , if you know what i mean ...  on a more serious note , what needs to be helped is to be able to keep your job and to get it back once you 've had your child , to find places in schools and nursery and to be able to employ helps around the house . 
  those things are helped by the government as an explicit incentive to let people who want to have children to do so ( but it 's not perfect ) . 
   does really immigration has no impact ? 
  i though it was quite significative . 
  even to the point that the most common baby names in france were actually mohammed and fatima ... and that 's far-right propaganda . 
  neither appear in any top 20 of the most popular names in 2014 . 
  and that shit got 5 people agreeing enough to upvote it . 
  wtf . 
  so your answer to prevent a genocide is the total annihilation of the german nation . 
  just fuck off , you moron . 
  i 'm glad people like you are a fringe , extreme minority and that you can yap all you want in your corner while we build peace on the other side . 
  people like you are a cancer . 
  why ? 
  our interest is to work together , not to compete for pats on the back . 
  poland already plays and will continue to play a major role in central europe . 
  germany is perfectly within its right to defend its people and there is an argument to be made about the interest of eu aligned with it . 
  they are the economic powerhouse and they lend the most money . 
  now , given that we are dead set on keeping greece with us , then we have to make do with it to the best of our abilities . 
  germany was n't selfish , not anymore than necessary at least . 
  the only thing that matters now is for us all to band together and solve this crisis . 
  as a counter point : the fertility of the migrant population is * nothing * in term of population growth in regards to the family policies that were enacted 20 years ago and that started the whole demographic rise . 
  it is * easy * and * beneficial * for a couple to have children in france . 
  the anti-immigrant sentiment has been growing steadily recently , but only as a reaction to the economic crisis . 
  given the first sign of growth recently due to favorable economic context ( lower oil price ) , this dynamic has a good chance to slow and recess to a normal state . 
  a lot of french money was invested in greece ( and there you have the reason behind france 's stance on the matter ) , more than any other european countries i think . 
  that we could reach an agreement is very good from our pov . 
  as someone else said , the bonds between germany and france are holy , for the politicians first , and also for the french population ( ca n't speak for the germans ) . 
  any critic of it is met with a tarnished image and a harsh backlash . 
  if there was any strain , it would be superficial . 
  even if it was n't , the political , economical and popular will is for us to work hand in hand . 
  it 's not going anywhere anytime soon . 
  there is no french word for it . 
  the only thing we have come up with is hautscrutin , which is a dated , literal translation meant to be a joke laughing at forced translation and the chauvinism associated with it . 
   none puts \u00e9 instead of e accidentally the two keys are actually not that far on our keyboards . 
  moreover , we 're used to write m\u00e9ga for several words , so yeah , i can totally imagine it being a mistake . 
   if everyone spoke their native language we would ' t understand each other . 
  that 's why we translate everything . 
  but even without translating , posting and commenting in any other language than english is not forbidden here . 
  because you 've seen one fucking mistake in one fucking thread then the mods are trying to shove their language down your throat . 
  his stupid language is one of the official language of europe , which is the point of this subreddit . 
  doing mistakes is not akin to forcing one 's fucking language onto anyone . 
  quit being a twat , stop trying to force everyone into thinking like a moron . 
  plusvote is a fucking joke . 
  that 's all . 
  do n't get your panties all tangled up for this you mong . 
   it 's not like everyone is jumping down dclauzel 's throat for making a mistake this is exactly that , though . 
  seriously , your whole bullshit tantrum just because you want a word in a title changed ? 
  you call one french word mixed up a random mess of both ?
