  give a few decades for manufactures to come back to europe ( robotized ) , and then you will see the first interest in taking territory and furthering instability in your neighbors . 
  maybe not right now , but in 20 years , yes , without the eu , there could be war at some point . 
  none of us want that , but even then , war becomes a certainty without common interests . 
  and it seems that the uk favored access to the single market over setting their own rule . 
  eea-members immigration should thus be examined while keeping in mind that it gave access to a very large market of wealthy consumers . 
  to say that any inegalities that would have progressed in the uk is due to these directives is jumping to conclusion . 
  [ this study ] ( http://www.keepeek.com/digital-asset-management/oecd/social-issues-migration-health/free-movement-of-workers-and-labour-market-adjustment_9789264177185-en#page26 ) ( page 26 ) for example shows that there has been no effect or a small positive effect on the uk economy due to the eea-members immigration . 
  so , even if the uk is generally complaining about these rules , it is not fair to say that the eu orchestrated a social dumping on workers from the uk . 
  if their conditions declined , you will have to find another scapegoat , or to show the relevant studies that proves your claims . 
  which rule are you thinking about ? 
  and that 's the fault of the eu somehow ? 
  it 's the eu that forced liberalism upon the uk , furthering inegalities ? 
  if anything , uk pushed for the most liberal rules in eu , so that they could keep the city . 
  and you want to put that on us ? 
  personally i hate political comics that requires absolutely everything labeled . 
  it just seems like lazyness , and most likely that the author could not come up with allegories powerful enough . 
  well , more power to you then . 
  there are wines all over the world , just drink the one you like most . 
  there is not much else to say . 
  it 's not good because every children has a right to be educated . 
  these kind of school hinders them and force them in the extremism of their parents . 
  that 's not only what the bible says . 
  it 's what extremists think the bible mean . 
  i 'm partial on this one . 
  i think that cutting it completely will lead people to crime and will increase spending on police force and law enforcement , choke the justice system . 
  morally , it 's not really defensible , but practically , i think it actually reduce the overall cost to society . 
   that 's what other people say and that 's not what i said . 
  i said the treaties would be necessarily renegotiated . 
  when such negotiations concerns 45 % of your exports , yes , it shakes up the economy . 
  i do n't know how someone can deny that . 
  and thanks for the downvote , it 's always a pleasure to see someone respect your discussion . 
  we wo n't * suddenly * stop , but there will be access to the eu market to negociate , yes . 
  it has nothing to do with `` teaching '' . 
  it 's simply that the current treaties will be de facto void . 
  they can not be signed in the exact same terms , given that the uk would not be in the eu anymore . 
  that 's exactly what the uk is asking with the brexit . 
  and why are you so aggressive ? 
  i did nothing to warrant your tone or your ridiculous strawmen . 
  you said twice now that it the eu would act to * punish * the uk . 
  it 's ridiculous , you are dishonest in your discussion . 
  france and belgium will not be the only one to have a say in it . 
  the eu will most likely not shoot itself in the foot , and nothing that will be done then will be done `` just to punish the uk '' . 
  if you think that the eu will not take advantage of its position , you 're deluded . 
  the trade treaties will be renegotiated , and at best stay the same , at worse it will be in favor of the eu , given how dependent the uk is . 
  but uk was never on track for federalisation . 
  nothing forces them to be more and more integrated . 
  sure , other countries such as germany or france could choose to go down this path , but it will only be with the closest member of the union . 
  but it will ? 
  45 % of their exports is not * nothing * . 
  it structures public fundings , infrastructures , services in the industry . 
  yes , their economy will be profoundly shaken , there is nothing ludicrous in this idea . 
   we 're not talking about a normal , reasonable tax rate here . 
  good ol' us of a taxing at an effective 42 % its working class . 
  we 're much less liberal than them and perfectly okay with that . 
  50 % is not a problem imo , same as the nordics ( and i 'm not even sure we tax at 50 % ) . 
   dont pull that leftist bullshit with me but i do . 
  i sincerely think we should all pay lots of taxes and that it 's the most effective tool to reduce inegalities in society . 
  and i am absolutely convinced that inequalities are among the worst thing possible in a society , given the deletere effect they will have on almost every aspect of `` togetherness '' , however you can put it . 
  it 's not party line , it 's what a good part of the population think here . 
  and i 'm pretty happy that france stays impervious to current liberal bullshit , when we see where the most liberal countries are headed ( usa ) . 
  you will have to accept that other people have another world view , and that they can be entirely convinced of them , that they are not brainwashed or stupid , simply because they do not think the same way as you . 
  your own view is radical and extreme , so do n't be surprised not to be followed in your thinking . 
  you shielding yourself from other pov by putting them down and yelling at those damn `` leftists '' will only make you a disservice . 
  well , yeah , they are the one having money and it 's better and more just to take from them than from people barely making ends meet . 
  it 's not party line , it 's my personal conviction , and that of many , many other people in france . 
  also , if you were not so grossly misinformed , you 'd see that hollande applied a politic of center right , so your stereotypical rightist rambling about ` taxes is rape ' is completely out of touch . 
  it 's almost as if these last years , france tried to control its deficit and reduce it 's spending !, 
  i know , shocking . 
  yeah , the eu flag was a special moment on the internet . 
  the plan with r/ainbowroad was for it to go over national flags and under the eu one . 
  but the german and french bots disagreed . 
  for a time there has been a good effort to produce a proper frame to the eu flag but it had n't got enough support . 
  macron is young and has pretty much done nothing , except being the minister of economy for a short time . 
  they have nothing on him , or it would already have been aired , before he had a serious chance of going to the second round . 
  still , the election will come in a long time , and he has sometimes difficulties controlling himself ( making communication mistakes ) , so everything can still change . 
   after getting elected they find out that their models do not work somehow you seem to think that they are socialists . 
  they are called parti socialist , they are not socialists nor do they claim to be . 
  stop being obtuse . 
  you sound like an american having no clue about marxism . 
  maybe stop hanging out with right-wing people then ? 
  hollande 's presidency was * obviously * far better than sarkozy 's . 
  sarkozy was a plague . 
  hollande has been pretty good , even if people in france will only become aware of that in a few years . 
   being a prosecco socialist is not necessarily an insult . 
  it is an insult , stop being such a hypocrite . 
   but the approach fails to take into consideration most people are proud and do n't want to live out of goverment money . 
  this is just bullshit . 
  see how long a father will feel shame when trying to feed his children , i assure you it wo n't be long . 
   have executed brutal cuts to that very same safety net you mentioned again , bullshit . 
  if you are employed in france you are virtually impossible to fire . 
  the only possible reason would be for you to just miss work without cause or insult your hierarchy publicly , and even then they would have to fight it in court . 
  a cdi is extremely protected . 
  you will tell me then that jobs are mostly temporary / short-time employment . 
  that directly contradicts you saying that the safety net has been brutally cut : the explosion of temp jobs is precisely due to it still existing . 
  and to continue on macron and fillon being the same , this is just pure unadulterated bullshit . 
  either you are blind or ignorant if you think they are the same . 
  i am a left-voter in france , i have been for many years . 
  the fdg does not have the monopole of telling us what it means to be on the left . 
  melenchon is just another populist , with slightly better policies than the fn . 
  the poors were not stabbed by the left , they were just stabbed by life and reality .
