  why was it preferred to block the access in france instead of having england deal with their migrants in any way they want ? 
  they could force them to either ask for asylum or be deported . 
  we can not force them and for a lot of them can not deport them back . 
  what 's the solution then ? 
  they do n't want to live in france , and they voluntarily stay in these squalid conditions on the off chance that one day they could cross the border . 
  what 's the solution here ? 
  we can not have indefinite camp and hold any number people in them . 
  we should let them go through and stop this nonsense . 
  they would be arrested , sorted , they could apply for asylum and be deported if need be . 
  it would cost less than keeping them there for a long time . 
  what was the rationale behind allowing britain to control their border in france ? 
  terrorism and islamism are nowhere near having any chance to destroy us , stop believing alarming bullshits . 
  there is no justification to modify our constitution to become a totalitarian dystopia . 
  they are targeting 6.2 % of all mosques apparently . 
  i agree , kohvazein was probably talking generally . 
  no , they are camps , we should wall them concentration camps . 
  sounds familiar , must be good . 
  the right to gather is in our constitution . 
  that would be hypocritical to uphold these rights for some citizens and not others . 
  that would actually be the end of our country . 
  they can do so now because the constitution is partially suspended . 
  this is not a normal state of affair , and it should certainly not be a normal state of affair . 
  if it was , i 'd expect rioting and a civil war . 
  good thing we are not closing * all * mosques then . 
  muslims that are not radicals right now do n't have the possibility to go there and become radicalized . 
  radicals that were going there are now forced to go to regular mosques where moderate imams preaches . 
  i do n't see how it creates more radicals . 
  i guess you need some paperwork anytime you gather some kind of public in a place , for fire laws and such . 
  that there is an emergency exit available , that the floor plan permits quick exits , and so on . . as for operating a mosque , i do n't know . 
  i doubt they * need * a license to operate . 
  the right to gather is in our constitution . 
  the reason they are able to dismantle them is because we are in state of emergency , and those rights are suspended currently . 
  should n't there be a judgement pronounced against them for them becoming eligible ? 
  because as you say , anyone could claim to be a homosexual . 
  however they are not in direct danger if noone in their home country knows about it . 
  actually , not yet . 
  we are in a state of emergency only for 10 remaining days , afterward it has to be enacted as a law . 
  the president however demanded today to the parliament to vote on it , and there is a good chance for it to pass . 
  the cop21 is still on the agenda and that means extraordinary security measures to ensure that it will happen . 
  it was sold to us as such , and most civil liberties protection associations have denounced this marketing argument as being fallacious . 
  a new surveillance law has been enacted only one month ago . 
  it 's too early to judge it right now , but the general opinion of the experts on the subject is that it was a liberticide waste of time and ressources anyway . 
  nowadays , i find this trope to be done with , and that it has been replaced by having the intelligence agency let the plot happen to reveive fundings and political influence . 
  the way they are portrayed in the entertainment is more gritty `` ruthless pragmatists not fearing to hurt to protect '' and less romantic , `` perfectionists trying to do too well but failling tragically '' . 
  anyway . 
  loss of revenue , shareholders not being happy . 
  having assets seized . 
  they have accounts operating in the name of their parent company at least in ireland , and probably in other european countries . 
  pretty funny jab at the us . 
  i guess it 's in china interest to rock the boat between the eu and the us . 
   but there are well known neighborhoods in europe that are exclusively inhabited by muslim immigrants [ ... ] and where crimes and social issues are handled internally by the inhabitants . 
  well , tell us then , give us one such zone in france . 
  stop believing american propaganda . 
  as sensible human beings , we generally avoid knowingly sending people to their deaths . 
  that 's the whole problem here : we can not send them back . 
  now what ? 
  i 'm curious as well . 
  france is behind south corea on every metric except aircraft carriers , so either power projection account for a lot more than it ought to or the state of the equipment , training and experience is also taken in consideration . 
   i disagree . 
  it 's not up to the government to determine which technology needs to be used or not . 
  yes , because regulations and control were never once useful concerning drugs or chemical products . 
  does n't need complex storage method ? 
  that 's the whole reason nuclear is criticised ... 
  oh come on !, 
  it 'll be fun !, 
  it 's not a matter of `` balls '' , but a matter of mandate . 
  no politicians will have such mandate , as long as the republic is alive . 
   i said that it was the country of the human rights and the enlightenments you did not simply say that . 
  it 's pretty devious of you to paint your wording that way in order to appear much more reasonable in your claims . 
  what you said was :  the world will finaly learn which country is the country of the enlightments and the human rights . 
  if you are that dishonest that you wo n't acknowledge the difference of meaning between the two , there is nothing left to say . 
  i can understand when your wording overstep what you tried to say , but here you are doubling down on the bullshit and trying to misconstrue my critic , limiting your position to the one we are both agreeing with ( which i explicitely acknowledged ) , while blatantly ignoring that you were telling something very different . 
   i do n't get the point the point is that you think that beside being proud of defending human rights , france should be recognized as ** the ** country of the human rights . 
  the one and only . 
  so yeah , telling that our own declaration was heavily influenced by another country , which is actually at the source of the current controversy , is pretty damn relevant . 
  you were n't simply telling that france was supporting human rights and the enlightenment . 
  you were telling that it was the only country doing so , among these recent populist surges . 
  that 's the problem , that 's when you actually cross the line between patriotism and nationalism . 
  i 'm proud of our declaration of the rights of man and of the citizen , that it is part of our constitution and that we have recognized collectively that it should direct our actions . 
  i am proud that it is the preamble to our constitution . 
  but do not forget that is was also heavily influenced by jefferson and the declaration of independence . 
  that the us are also a nation that defended human rights throughout its history , even if sometimes it failed to do so properly , as any nation has done at times ( and france has absolutely no moral highground on the matter ) . 
  we can be proud of our country , but not so much as to put down everyone else , in such an insulting way . 
  i 'm tired of hearing about the arrogance of the french , because while exagerated , there is actually a little bit of truth to it , when we see people like you telling to the world that we will * teach them how it 's done * . 
  do n't be cocky . 
  we will be happy when our democracy works and le pen is once again twarted in the polls . 
  but to be proud the fn should n't have a chance to begin with . 
  and here is the * newspeak * that eco spoke about . 
  we will rise up against fascism in europe , alright . 
  do n't expect to be happy though . 
   and the world will finaly learn which country is the country of the enlightments and the human rights . 
  * cringe * please , do n't be cocky . 
  we will see , i have little doubt that le pen will not be the next president , but this arrogance is pretty aggravating . 
   obamacare is one big failure , getting more and more expensive he proposed something much more interesting , but got a watered down version passed in the parliament . 
  do n't blame him for that , blame the republican representatives . 
   he has made america irrelevant this trend has been going for years now , the potus can not be held responsible for this . 
  tip was a plan to keep a strong presence in asia , because obama and its administration was effectively seeing this loss of influence coming in the next decades , once china starts to stand on its feets . 
  trump will make america irrelevant if he goes full protectionism and repeal these deals . 
  this is some seriously biased list there . 
  that 's pretty good .
