  why would he play everything he has in an election where he at first had no chance to win ? 
  he could not win before the fillon scandals appeared . 
  and if he was only trying to gain money , why would he do his studies in philosophy ? 
  this is not the pathway to success and elitist domination . 
  macron is pretty extraordinary . 
  we have n't had the chance to have a president this good in decades . 
  he is humanist , fond of our core principles ( libert\u00e9 , \u00c9galit\u00e9 , fraternit\u00e9 ) , he is well-educated , well-spoken , and also pretty fucking ruthless and pragmatic in his dealings . 
  he is also very young and wants to change in depth our political heads . 
  this is good , we will see the renouveau of france in the coming years . 
  this is brutally stupid . 
   if macron is elected ( he probably will ) , we 'll have hollande 2.0 and in 5 years fn will be there on second round again , and will make sure a macron like candidate wins ( le pen ca n't win in a 2 rounds election ) . 
  okay , so you do n't want le pen to be elected . 
   so by getting le pen elected !!!, 
   we 'll get rid of fn you do n't get rid of the fn by getting it elected . 
  this is so unbelievably stupid . 
  but then again , you voted asselineau so you were already pretty fucking lost . 
   then , if marine le pen 's program works , well that 's cool it wo n't , it can not . 
  however , starting again the ratonnade is totally in the grasp of the fn when at the head of the executive . 
   ps is bound to collapse and so is lr not with the fn in power you dumbass . 
  macron is the one poaching the ps and lr , destabilizing both . 
  you want them dead ? 
  give a big score to macron , then they will fight to get with en marche for the legislatives , and you get your fucking destroyed parties . 
  with the fn you will have every other parties bar lr that will be in the opposition , which is the perfect spot for them to at least get together and stay close . 
  fuck man you 're so stupid it hurts . 
  the average age on / r/france is higher than the majority . 
  we have other french forums where kids go . 
  they support le pen there . 
  eh , macron utterly destroyed her . 
  he was n't atrocious at all . 
  he let himself get involved a few times , but otherwise he was collected , clear and powerful in his attacks . 
  he showed clearly that he outclasses her , on all points . 
  avoiding attacking too easily was not missed opportunities from his part . 
  he did not need that to dominate the exchange , and he scored respectability and presidentiability points . 
  he was very clear and mostly talked about himself , his project , defending his views . 
  in the end , he thus avoided giving back the light to le pen . 
  the final image , good or bad , is about him , not her . 
  this seems much more effective to me . 
  mmmh no , this is pretty much the consensus on french medias , as well as on reddit and other french forums . 
  le pen made a fool of herself , macron was dominating during the whole debate . 
  if one can call this a debate , but that 's another point . 
  well , we are still at 40 % so we really do n't have anything to boast about ... 
  the difference are due to some numbers being the result of official counts by the ministry of interior , while the others are those coming from polling outside of the voting booth . 
  the counts are not yet complete . 
  big cities , which are always more cosmopolite and generally against le pen , are not yet counted . 
  thus the polling numbers are used as soon as possible , and then gradually corrected . 
  the final , official scores are only given in a few days , not before . 
  the polling numbers are the most accurate right now . 
  the counts can be used as reference to verify that we are not too far off , but they are much more biased due to the order of counting . 
  it 's not stupidity , they just thought they could bully their way into a deal . 
  some fillon voters would prefer mlp to macron . 
  you can thank the right turn our right took to chase frontist voters under sarkozy , and the accompanying `` ni-ni '' strategy . 
  ^ ^ ^ nice , ^ ^ ^ but ^ ^ ^ it ^ ^ ^ works ^ ^ ^ better ^ ^ ^ with ^ ^ ^ a ^ ^ ^ please ^ ^ ^ first ... 
   i do n't know . 
  i think `` alt-right '' is kind of a weird term , which surged in popularity by hillary clinton calling donald trump out on his ` basket of deplorables ' , taking their ( generally seen as ) bad traits , lumping them together and attaching a name to the movement . 
   you say surged in popularity , so you are aware that it existed before . 
  you are trying to lump together calling a movement alt right and calling its followers deplorables . 
  this is disingenuous . 
  a perfect example is the red pill on reddit . 
  it is exactly the kind of movement that has been brewing for years , out of sight from mainstream media but encompassing some real , deep changes in the way active people ( youth and other older professional ) are evolving politically . 
  this is nothing new , but it had no political expression . 
  until trump . 
  the alt right is the political expression of this social evolution . 
   to some alt-right is just an alternative term for extreme-right or far-right , but for more it 's a term used interchangeably with `` neo-nazi '' , which was it 's original meaning i suppose . 
   being on the far right does not tell much today beyond being anti immigration , with any racist movement being always labeled far right . 
  however , there is a difference in economic policy between ancaps and protectionists , obviously . 
  ancaps will thus inhabit the traditional liberal view of the right . 
  protectionism and worker 's defense however is new for the right , almost antithetical . 
  this is the reason it is called alt right . 
  because it is a new direction for the right . 
  this protection is deemed necessary , in this narrative , due to immigration , and thus it is associated with the far right . 
   it 's a messy subliminal word and i do n't think marine le pen or her following is in general a neo-nazi ( movement ) . 
  it is something that is always evolving , and the french political landscape is very different from that if the us , but alt right is perfectly fitting for the fn right now . 
  this is the exact equivalent to the brexit or to trump here . 
  because the fn is the traditional far right party in france . 
  but additionally , mlp revamped her platform by appealing to poor , uneducated workers that previously voted on the far left ( communists ) but became disinfranchised in recent decades , with the communist party doing around 2-3 % in the polls . 
  so her economic policies are protectionism and national preference and socially it is about anti-immigration , nationalism and slight racism . 
  so , pretty much exactly the definition of the current alt right , but with a slight french twist to it . 
  not bad , but he purposefully did a strong accent . 
  because antifa are not supported by anyone in this election , while alt-right populism is with marine le pen . 
  what is this garbage article ? 
   member states should stop promoting the idea of a `` two-speed '' europe , which is reflected in the divisions between the eurozone , the schengen area and the eu . 
  pursuing this idea further will antagonise poland , as well as denmark , sweden , the czech republic and hungary . 
  right , so we should judge an idea on the basis of who is opposed to it . 
   the fact that france wants this two-speed approach is not surprising . 
  the division of central europe has been a central tenet of french policy since richelieu . 
  or who is for it . 
  and by that , it means taking into account xvith century political stances . 
  and obviously , if france is for it , then we should just be against it . 
  i mean , come on guys , `` france '' . 
   for example , emmanuel macron , the independent centrist candidate for the french presidency , proposes a joint european budget , eurobonds , common deposit insurance and common unemployment insurance . 
  the northern eurozone countries should resist these policies and opt for a generous free-trade agreement with britain instead . 
  ok , so you 're making this argument , why should we agree ? 
   the advantage of free trade is particularly strong when labour can not move . 
  the eu insists that free trade can only be granted in conjunction with free movement of people , but this is economic nonsense . 
  when labour can not move , the gains from trade are particularly high . 
  without free movement of people , the differences in wages between countries remain greater , and the higher these differences , the larger those in the relative prices of goods . 
  this is the basic source of gains from trade . 
  oh alright , no justification then , we should just oppose further integration just because . 
  oh no actually you are advocating for further wages discrepancies between eu members . 
  because that 's not at all divisive and not at all a problem for keeping members within the union .
