  france , protecting itself , will simply be letting these migrants pass . 
  britain does not want this . 
   both get to pretend that the schengen zone does n't have a massively porous border no one is pretending that the schegen zone is difficult to go through . 
  the waiting times at the border was also many times longer than necessary . 
  it 's not just france that was willing to relocate the border , but britain as well . 
  do n't make it as if it was a service that britain did to france . 
  they are not deported , they refuse to declare their country of origin . 
  i prefer the rule of law to making up crimes to imprison people based of populist whims . 
  imprisoning them cost more than letting them be . 
  it 's not incompetence to reduce costs . 
   if on the other hand they made it across the channel it 's great for france because it 's not longer their problem . 
  nothing prevents them from applying for asylum in france . 
  they are unwilling because they prefer the situation in britain . 
  it 's not france that is stopping them from applying . 
  it 's not some kind of master plan just to force them out . 
  they are simply unwilling and we thus do n't have many options . 
  we try to relocate them regularly , they simply come back . 
  we can not deport them without knowing from which country they come from . 
  why would an appeal mean lighter sentences ? 
  they 'd have the same chance for the sentence to go either way . 
  harsher sentences in appeal is something extremely possible . 
  if they could walk away on a technicality during the appeal , they could do so the first time as well . 
  read the fucking case , you have no clue . 
  he was arrested and spent one year in prison . 
  that alone should show how out of touch you are . 
  then read how the judgment came to pass to release him on probation . 
  he was certainly not swept under the rug . 
  you 're so full of shit , and you have the gal to accuse people of incompetence . 
  it 's not in other eea members ' interest . 
  it undermines the core set of rules that they are meant to abide to . 
  if one member start dismantling that system , then it will collapse . 
  that 's not their interest . 
  it 's a poll by a right wing journal , done a few days after the event . 
  dust will settle , bad decisions will be made , and everything should stay the same . 
  nope . 
  she will have to wait a few elections cycles to have a chance . 
  europe is still not ripe for a taking by right wing nationalists . 
  the moderate right is the most likely to win in the next presidential elections . 
  whether it 's hard right or center right remains to be decided . 
   are you suggesting that we should suspend the right to manifest ? 
  it 's already suspended by the state of emergency ( even if it was n't enforced in the previous months ) . 
  in any case , i think you read too much in / u/mnyx post . 
  he was n't advocating for it , only saying that they would become a target . 
  which is true . 
  * among others it 's important to be precise in these kind of posts . 
  yes , there are indubitably problems with renewables for now . 
  but wind is still working at night , mostly . 
   try to comperhand what you are talking about before making such senseless comments . 
  the senseless comment is saying that wind is still blowing at night . 
  i have n't commented on anything else and i 'm perfectly aware of the limitations of renewable energy . 
  wind is still blowing at night . 
  and even overthrowing an established dictatorship , it was definitely a military coup . 
  and democracy won as a result . 
  the `` never , ever , ever '' is simply false . 
  portugal, 
   all of you that are celebrating the victory of democracy very few people here is celebrating a victory of democracy . 
  do n't pose yourself as a victim , it 's tacky . 
  they will indeed be part of the eea . 
  it 's the most likely outcome . 
  they are not posted here for the quality ( or lack thereof ) of their cover , but for the insane views they defend . 
  it should end in the 26 , if it is n't prolongated in the meantime ... 
  the 49.3 article is not an emergency power procedure . 
  i ca n't read the article as i 'm on mobile , but the title is incorrect . 
  given how influential those lies were for the brexit and how important this event will be for eu , yeah , it 's pretty fucking important and well spent . 
  where a link to an informational blog was posted . 
  no , what they pay now is in the order of 160m a week , i do n't remember exactly the number . 
   as such i think you 're really naive about the amount of realpolitik and hard interests that really drives decisions and those interests and directly at odds between those countries and the one that are missing revenue . 
  which are much more populated and powerful within the eu . 
  so , yeah , what exactly are luxembourg and ireland going to do against pressure from germany , france , italy to level those taxes ? 
   the irish president has already scathily remarked that the irish company tax rate is not up for debate yeah , and he is so convinced that his position is unattackable that he had to resort to threaten a referendum to leave the eu / s he knows that he can not defend his country on these matters . 
  his threat to hold a referendum is laughable ( yeah , ireland would get out of the eu , the only thing that is interesting to the companies that are having their hq here ... right ) . 
  if his only resort is of this level , he really has n't much firepower to counter an effort on this . 
  it will start with some harmonization of the taxation for companies . 
  it will provide a framework for future legislation , but it will be limited to handling tax evasion within eu . 
  i ca n't see how the public would get riled about limiting tax evasion . 
  it 's the perfect foot in the door to introduce the fiscal union . 
   it 's also an implict acknowledgement that the euro has failed - thus far - in its primary task : fiscal union . 
  the fiscal union was not on the table until the luxleaks and the swiss tax evasion shake up . 
  how can you qualify it as the `` primary '' when it was absolutely not the object of the union - until now ? 
  i 'm tired of these post that will posit that the eu has failed by default , as if it gave their post more legitimacy . 
  it 's simply a biased account . 
  the eu is a success as far as a common market is concerned . 
  the regulations works and are respected , the free movement is there . 
  the fiscal union is coming . 
  it 's not a failure from the eu , it 's simply another step that had to be taken to stabilize it . 
   moscovici says its possible for uk financial institutions to retain passporting access . 
  mmmmmmh , nope , he did n't say that . 
  you are reading too much . 
  and that would be some incredible bad play from the eu . 
  the british delusion of grandeur really is something . 
  if the finance sector caves in in the uk , it 's going to germany . 
  if the uk enters a recession , the eu can recover . 
  i think that as long as europe stays united , this can not happen again . 
  however , see the resentment right after brexit , right in this sub . 
  there are people that want to make the uk pay for leaving ( which is also understandable , as not making them pay will worsen the eu ... ) . 
  it would be extremely quick , once our alliance dies off , for economic interests to diverge . 
  once it 's done , the elites have no reason to appease popular nationalism . 
  and it is brewing , right now . 
  no one has to gain from it yet , but if the eu was to disband , many people would find a way to profit from it . 
  the leave camp was dismissing it as fear mongering .
