i 'm sure he knew , and i 'm sure everybody else does as well . 
  i 'm absolutely not an expert of geopolitics at play here , but i think it is very important to know that the mali population and the country have very strong ties with france and that the jihadist did not have the support of the population . 
  moreover , the un operation was troops from niger , burkina faso , chad and possibly algeria , which all have a very big insterest in keeping the region stable . 
  they sent strong support troops to maintain the situation once some of the jihadist disappeared among the population when defeated . 
  this was not possible in irak , and i do n't think it is possible in syria and irak now with the clusterfuck that is waiting to happen with assad on one hand and daech on the other , when it will be extremely complicated to sort out clear objectives not to go against our interest . 
  and i think it is part of the reason france is not engaging in bombings in syria , as they fear it could help assad . 
  all in all , yeah , it was a good operation , with shortcomings but with an overall good result and an actually useful tactic for the afterplan , but it is not likely possible to replicate those results currently . 
  that is great news if this is true . 
  and have russia accusing ukraine of war crimes , and escalating the conflict . 
  there is no way to win for ukraine here . 
  yes, 
  it 's actually both , since 1993 . 
  / r/france has been defaulted for french ips . 
  seems like i was way off with the helicopter : the biggest lift for any helicopter is 20 tons , the katrin weight 200 tons . 
  however this is pretty close to the capability of the [ antonov an-225 ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/antonov_an-225_mriya ) . 
  the heaviest single payload was of 189 tons , while the capabilities seems a little higher than that . 
  it seems like it was possible but never attempted and too risky . 
  i ca n't help to wonder if a cargo-sized plane could have been used instead . 
  but i 'm sure they thought of that . 
  or , i do n't know , a big-ass helicopter . 
  i 'm no expert but i 'm sure i 've seen flying things carrying bigger things . 
  it will give incentives for france to muddle up the investigation i think . 
  a few billions is worth introducing and maintaining a doubt about the source of the buk . 
  a shame for our gov that no french citizen was killed in the crash . 
  in france the consensus or pc discourse is to avoid being proud of being french . 
  i think however that most french actually loves their country , and the emigration in france is among the average in western europe . 
  once they go abroad , french people generally become conscious of what they took for granted . 
  i 'd say that we are `` secretly '' patriotic , but we do n't really like it to be known ( seems like a social faux pas ), 
  * a bit * skewed . 
  i like your optimism . 
  that awkward moment where i actually find out i 've never read the reddiquette . 
  i thought that was mostly referring to the sidebar . 
  actually i may have read it a few years back when i first arrived , but it was nowhere near that big . 
   flagging content which does not adhere to the reddiqette if it 's against the reddiquette , report it to the mod , that is an actual flagging system . 
  the downvote is only a way to state that some content is not relevant to a specific subreddit . 
  the services are certainly not underpriced . 
  as for the service , showing an actual map of the coverage by different networks would be better than an inaccurate and anecdotal account . 
  which is certainly not true , btw . 
   poland stronk ftfy, 
  maybe so . 
  i guess it 's also a cultural thing . 
  in france , i believe we have more sun and hot day in the summer than in the uk , and ac are not seen very often . 
  well , for heating we use a pellet stove , and with the right kind of wood ( wood that is produced in a sustainable manner ... ) of which we use the waste from local sawmills , there are no residus . 
  we have built a thermal mass which is a wall constitued of mud-brick in the center of the house to redistribute humidity between several rooms ( the northest ones cool off the southest ones when it is overly humid , and conversely when it is too dry ) . 
  the equilibrium in the whole house is reached with the aid of a ventilation system , powered by electricity generated with solar panels ( electricity which is also used to heat the water tank ) . 
  this is not rocket science . 
  this is just `` not being dumb '' . 
  yes , we will still use cope out for a few years . 
  but even without tearing down whole buildings , we are developing new technics to better isolate and heat ( or cool off ) habitats . 
  for example in my hometown , they are using a new kind of concrete ( actually , not even a new kind , only one of which the setting phase is shortened to control the ratio of air trapped inside ) to encase the ancient structure . 
  the thermal capacity is even better than current material used to build brand new houses , and ... and so on , and so on ... 
  there are always solutions , ways to improve what is existing . 
  simply using ac will not be enough to build livable homes for billion of people in the incoming centuries . 
  who said that ? 
  ac is the actual archaic and not relevant anymore answer to these problem . 
  using them , wasting ressources in running the compressor and investing useless money in their disposal is not a ` necessary ' , ` inevitable ' thing to happen anymore . 
  using them is the past , this is a waste of a society that should stop from existing , the quicker the better . 
  when you see buildings built with an orientation that makes it overheating in the summer and cold and humid in the winter , thus requiring the use of ac , when we now for centuries how to use a relevant orientation towards the sun , or how to use different material than purely concrete to isolate our walls ( and these materials are not costly or rare materials in the least . 
  i 'm talking about clay that serves as thermal mass or straw for isolation ) . 
  when we see what was built in the 70s and 80s , how fucking dumb did we have to be to make them almost in the worst possible configuration , leaving to ac units to make these buildings livable ( and literally , to make these building livable because without it , indeed it causes deaths ) . 
  i assure you that with careful planning , the use of ac is completely useless . 
  it 's not a matter of what is ` natural ' , ` necessary ' or a matter-a-fact ` inevitable ' . 
  please do not take me for a stupid and fanatical hippie . 
  most of these deaths were due to the fact that the authorities were not prepared to handle the heat . 
  3 years later , in 2006 , a similar heat wave struck and the response was better . 
  installing more ac , that actually accelerate global warming is still a naive solution . 
  the solution is to do better with less ressources . 
  we now have the technologies to do so , and this domain is quickly evolving . 
  ac units should become relics from our past . 
  one thing i really appreciate while living abroad with an ac is the ability to regulate precisely the temperature . 
  however , the energy efficiency of these kind of building is simply horrendous . 
  buildings should be designed with thermal regulation in mind , and a lot of techniques exist to do so while consuming a minimal amount of energy . 
  some brand new buildings actually baffles me entirely sometime how stupidly they are built . 
  i know your tone was of jest and humour , i was just feeling like ranting a bit . 
  most of europe is at a higher latitude than texas . 
  usually summer is far far cooler than your typical texan summer . 
  it would be interesting to see the actuall gross value of export for each country as well . 
  we were blue not long ago , but now we are light red ( though it 's not `` criminally '' prosecuted , you only pay a fine ) . 
  i 'm not talking about the guy himself . 
  i 'm talking about the brand of his shoe and the team he supports . 
  it is so fucking uninteresting compared to the fact that some hooligan are disrupting peaceful protest and the democratic dialog in ukraine . 
  wait , there are people who actually care about these bullshit ? 
   french are still nostalgic of the great time were french was spoken everywhere no , just , no . 
  i have not once heard this kind of bullshit said or expressed , not in political programs , not in the medias , not among the people i know . 
  this is simply not the zeitgeist , and if a nutjob thinks that way ( there has to be a few ) , they are far , faaaaar from being representative . 
  stop spreading this kind of bullshit . 
  however this trope is certainly everywhere in anglo-saxon medias . 
  there is always this kind of undertone of the french being still too proud and arrogant and longing for the past . 
  stop playing along , this is not true and could n't be further away from the truth . 
   in french school the teacher wants to have zero mistakes . 
  just because a teacher corrects you when you make one does not mean you are not allowed to make any . 
  you are talking out of your ass . 
   even if your sentence is grammatically correct the teacher will tell you that your accent is wrong . 
  bullshit ... you really have no idea of what you are talking about . 
  big enough french internet communities combined with poor language skills . 
  add to that the racist and liberals undertones in / r/europe , which will rub some french the wrong way . 
  coincidentally , the ones that were open to other cultures enough to overcome our school system and the general sentiment in the 90s to properly learn english . 
  and finish up with a constant stream of surrender jokes , the supposition that french are arrogant and will talk down to any and all people , that we actually love this stereotype so much that we do n't see anything wrong with it . 
  this is primarily an american website with a strong anglo-saxon culture . 
  it should change quickly though .
