  i think it will indeed take a death , or serious material damage ( a lorry burned , that kind of thing ) with the risk of wide riots before the army could be deployed . 
  the army is already stretched thin over anti-terrorists plans and overseas actions against isis . 
  deploying them will not be done lightly . 
   so better they 're out in the road doing this shit to innocent people eh ? 
  the group doing this should be jailed and prosecuted , sure . 
  but the thousands of other migrants can not be forced to apply for asylum , and they should not be jailed simply for being on the territory . 
  simply being there illegally does not warrant jail time , but deportation . 
  you can not make up laws on the fly , the punishment is set and defined . 
  the problem being that we can not deport them . 
  that 's the whole crux of the problem . 
  if we could , they 'd already be out of the country . 
  except it 's pretty clear , no government can force someone to apply for asylum . 
   responding to the ruling , villeneuve-loubet 's mayor , lionnel luca , said : `` we need to decide if we want a smiley , friendly version of sharia law on our beaches or if we want the rules of the [ french ] republic to be implemented . '', 
  this is hilariously ironic , coming from this guy . 
  fuck them , they got it coming . 
  they will be sued and will lose . 
  the farce is ongoing , and diverting the debate to trivial issues . 
  fuck these mayors . 
   and if they are not registered , then why are they not being reunded up and held in a detention centre for processing . 
  processing for what ? 
  to stay in a jail indefinitely ? 
  illegal . 
   france does n't want to have to process these people as refugees otherwise they 're stuck with them if they applied , they 'd be processed . 
  you 're living up a delusion in thinking that the government somehow forbid calais migrants from applying for asylum . 
   imo france should be legally obliged by now to process `` should '' , `` legally '' , `` obliged '' . 
  theres no should in law , either the law can make the government comply or they can not . 
  and currently , it is not possible to force someone to ask for asylum against his will . 
  it has never been possible and never will be . 
  it is indeed an hyperbole . 
  he conveniently left out more recent polls , and the fact that the interview of gu\u00e9nol\u00e9 was not without fault in its analysis of french opinion . 
  however , it 's true that you can find two main movements against the eu in france , one at the right and one at the left . 
  the right is based upon national sovereignty and is opposed to the cultural europe . 
  they also conflate intra-european migration with open borders and immigration ( quite like in the uk for the brexit ) . 
  they are mostly populists and fall right into the fn vote . 
  on the left it is a critic of the liberal eu that drives the opposition . 
  it 's mostly against the 2007 referendum that has been experienced as a betrayal of the people at the time . 
  a ** lot ** of people are still sore about it and resent either the political class or the eu . 
  the article touches upon it , but both are quite populist movements and concerns mostly people that lost from the mondialisation . 
  this opposition is flared up by economic turmoil , low employment rates and the complicated debate about islam that is starting to exist . 
  the economic turmoil however is receding . 
  the previous presidency was catastrophic for the budget , but the current one straightened it and cleared things up . 
  people are very quick to say that hollande was terrible , but honestly his government has been a good administrator of the public funds ( as has been the left generally when it was in power ) . 
  there has been quite a few contracts for big industry player ( dassault , airbus , dcns ) signed these last years that will provide a lot a jobs for quite some time . 
  the police and military force were drastically cut off under sarkozy , as well as teachers and public employee . 
  public service and security suffered but education has been a priority uner hollande and the recent attacks pretty much guaranteed fundings for a few decades for the army and the police . 
  finally , the left has been lagging behind on the ideological front for some 15 years now , refusing to touch upon islam in general ( resembling a little to what is going on in the us ) . 
  the recent attacks opened that abcess and there have been a few debates already ( what is french secularism for example ) . 
  it is still extremely complex and the ( mainstream ) left is still trying to catch up in his program . 
  so , for one the main motivations that i see for this opposition to europe are slowing down and losing support . 
  the politicians are trying to rile them up on the extremes of the political spectrum , but none of the concerned parties have any chance to get an executive role in a government anytime soon . 
  most centrist party are firmly pro-european . 
  the green party ( which is slowly dying anyway ) has always been very pro-european , but is thinking of an alliance with the far left ( communists ) for the upcoming elections . 
  the latter could drive them somewhat away from this europeanism , however the party is drifting out of relevance and that would be the end of it . 
  the right les r\u00e9publicains is trying to steal votes from the fn ( sarkozy ) , but it is a failed strategy . 
  it does not change the core political software of the party that is very liberal and has no chance of going against europe ( sarkozy , for all its games at the far right , was behind the 2012 budget treaty with merkel and is very much pro-european ) . 
  so , no , european support is not crumbling in france . 
  europe has been seen somewhat as a scapegoat , and is still attacked for its lack of transparency ( or clarity ) , but nowhere near the level of what is going on in the uk . 
  there are a lot of people who loves the eu and would like further integration . 
  the brexit has largely been seen as catastrophic ( contrary to what the cited gu\u00e9nol\u00e9 interview supposed ) , and * if * the uk was to get out of the union , france is generally considering that it could help steering the eu a little farther from liberalism and a little closer to some more integration ( common defense , shared diplomacy ) . 
  moreover , people on / r/europe should keep in mind that estrosi , the guy at the source of all of this , is the assistant mayor in charge of security for the city of nice , a position that he was holding during the 14th of july attack . 
  he first pinned it on the government ( other political side , very suprising ... / s ) , then created another crisis to divert the actual debate to happen . 
  and it works . 
  no one is talking anymore about his errors . 
  sarkozy is positioning himself on the subject as well . 
  it 's disgusting , and it 's insulting that / r/europe thinks that the french people are somehow supporting this kind of thing on a large scale . 
  that 's not france , that 's an extremist mayor ( almost , he was forbidden to be a mayor because would have had several mandates at the same time , which is not allowed ) who provokes to score cheap political points . 
  the burkini ban , enacted by local representatives ( decided at the city level ) is not even assured to comply with the french law . 
  a high court is to statute on it soon . 
  an administrative court already said that the ban was n't overstepping the mayor 's power , however it 's only an opinion concerning the nature of the edit , not the legality of it . 
  and that concerns only a few cities , out of the 36000 that exist in france ... 
  247 now . 
  ` against the wearing of the veil ' is not the same as ` for the banning of the veil ' . 
  former colonies , with many ties still there . 
  many program exist for students and family to come here . 
  saying that french culture actively hates the existence of muslims and that french people think that every muslim is an evil person that should be purged is an incredibly insulting thing to say . 
  you have no idea what french society look like . 
  we have many , many people of foreign descent and muslim origin extremely well integrated , that are entirely french and proud of it . 
  the extremism problem only concerns a very limited number of people . 
  the integration problem has been overblown due to recent attacks and the economic crisis . 
   passively supporting the illegal crossing of undocumented people into the uk no one is `` passively supporting '' that . 
  the whole point of them establishing a no-go slum is that they are actively fended off at the border . 
  so either you reproach us the build up of this slum , or the passivity in fending them off . 
  but reproaching both is illogical . 
   it 's one thing to tolerate unregulated immigration to one 's own country these migrants are coming from europe and entered the schengen area . 
  not one country stopped them , before france did . 
  so who exactly is tolerating unregulated immigration ? 
  http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/2016/08/09/fears-of-a-calais-in-italy-as-migrants-keep-flooding-across-the/ we should not point at each other trying to make the others pay . 
  it should be handled at the eu level , this exactly the kind of situation where the union can be useful . 
  their offense is to stay in our country illegally . 
  the punishment for this is not prison , but jail time until they are deported . 
  the problem is that they can not be deported . 
  so they get out of jail because it is illegal in france to lock up someone indefinitely , and we 're back to square one . 
  the solution you are discussing about would be to lock up some people for an indefinite amount of time . 
  this is against our constitution and i do n't see a few thousands homeless people as worrying enough so as to change our constitution . 
  and it 's a pretty good principle anyway . 
  it 's not a crime to be illegally in a country . 
  it 's an offense that would put you in jail only until you are deported . 
  if you ca n't be deported , they wo n't keep you in jail . 
  that 's the law . 
  the law is respected , and modifying the law here would not solve the problem .
