it 's a race to the fucking bottom and its so depressingly predictable watching all the major parties wheel out anti-immigration schtick . 
  but this data clearly shows that we have # 5 billion extra , even with their supposed added burden on public services . 
  you 'd throw away economic integration with europe for what , then ? 
  or you could spend the money alleviating those problems like any sane person . 
   there is no proof whatsoever that having a certain skin colour stops your scientific progress , in fact it is very idiotic to say so . 
  exactly . 
  of course it is . 
  but it highlights that the correlation between nobel prize winners and your chosen variable is dependent on many factors . 
  with black winners it 's almost certainly socioeconomic . 
  how can one exclude that for muslim winners ? 
  you ca n't . 
  you 've spectacularly missed my point , which highlights the enormous holes in his argument . 
  if we have a muslim nation in the west with a university as prestigious as cambridge , then we can compare nobel prizes and religion . 
  as it stands , its not a valid point . 
  i 'm well aware of the potential and documented suppression of science by religion , islam included . 
  but this is not how you prove it . 
  it 's only purpose was to be inflammatory . 
  that 's fine if it has substance , as that 's the only way to challenge religious suppression , but it did n't . 
  let me break this down . 
   seriously ? 
  now you are singling out me and dawkins . 
  why do n't go for hitchens and carl sagan as well ( not that in any way deserves to be compared with those giants ) . 
  i do n't see where i attacked dawkins ad hominim , only that tweet . 
  i 'm pretty supportive of his other writing and i fully respect his contributions to the public advancement of science . 
   and then you claim `` i do n't think anybody think it is racism '' . 
  i did n't say that , i said i did n't consider it to be racist , but i can see why certain groups do think that . 
  you are thinking of the other responder . 
   a lot of people did you idiot , that is why stephen fry of all people had to write a column , for gods sake . 
  why did he have to do that if no one objected till the tweet as you claim ( or only a few idiots . 
   not a few , a lot . 
  not all of them idiots . 
  so if you claim that just a few or `` i do n't think anybody 's debating '' which were your exact words , then you are wrong . 
  wrong . 
  why did you claim that then ? 
  see my above point , where you have me confused with another poster . 
  chill out , stop attacking me , and try reading what i 'm saying . 
   and the fact that i have to point that out to people like you and point out the context in which dawkins tweet means that he needs to do it a lot more . 
  i do n't particularly see how dawkins tweet needs the context of his other work ( seeing as it 's a standalone message ) but i 'll give him the benefit of the doubt given the other tweet you mentioned . 
  here 's a hint : if a standalone statement needs extensive reading and explanation of background before it becomes valid in debate , it 's not a valid standalone point . 
  i know what dawkins was trying to say , but that 's not the same as saying it . 
  god you are rude . 
  i do n't follow dawkins for the same reason i do n't subscribe to / r/atheism . 
  if he posts similar tweets about atheism in us prisoners and nobel prize winners , then he 's misguided about the relationship of cause and effect in religion , crime and poverty . 
  i 'm not singling out that tweet about islam because it 's about islam , i 'm singling it out because it 's tabloid quality speech . 
  it does n't belong , anywhere , in reasoned debate about religion and science , which i agree is often stifling to progress . 
   and , asking dawkins to write a bloody essay in 140 characters when he eloquent explain his reasoning elsewhere is just stupid . 
  is that an admission he can write garbage on twitter as long as he argues eloquently elsewhere ? 
  in that case i am entirely correct to take him up on the quality of his twitter comments ; if he ca n't get his message across accurately he ( and you ) should expect critique , which is what i 'm doing . 
  not about islam per se , but about the ignorant rationale used . 
  i lie and make up facts ? 
  get your head out of your ass . 
  for crying out loud , the exact statement could be made for black nobel prize recipients . 
  are you , or dawkins , going to argue that black skin or culture suppresses scientific progress ? 
  or is it because blacks are in the minority in highly research active , wealthy western nations , and are under-represented at an academic level ? 
  i 've replied in my other post why it was wrong , because it is raw intepretation of numbers skewed heavily by instituitional and national wealth . 
  the exact tweet could be written about black recipients of nobel prizes , which highlights how disengenuous and infantile it was . 
  he has plenty of space and time to make good points about the role of religion in science , and does so . 
  that tweet was not one of them . 
  thanks for the condescension , i appreciate it . 
  i 'm a scientist myself , so i feel qualified to comment on scientific explanation and public communication . 
  no need to be quite so rude . 
  i 'm not arguing it racist , just that it 's a pretty ignorant thing to say with only 140 characters . 
  it 's similar to the classic `` far more blacks are in prison , thus they are inherently criminal '' line ; statistically correct , but completely airbrushes the main factors , social , economic and educational status . 
  i stand by the fact that that tweet , regardless of the quality of dawkins other writings , was brutish , ignorant and far , far from eloquent . 
  to be fair , that tweet really does n't add anything to the debate on islam , given that the lack of islamic nobel prizes is dependent on far far more than simply the religion of the recipient ( ie , the support and wealth of their home environment/nation . ), 
  that 's not an intelligent attack , and definitely not one expected of an eminent scientist . 
  edit : to put it in perspective , you could write exactly the same tweet about blacks and nobel prizes . 
  i appreciate what dawkins is trying to say about the suppression of science by religion , but that individual tweet makes very little sense . 
  perhaps you could extrapolate the definition to include the surrounding satellite towns , which leads to paris being the largest '' [ urban area ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/largest_urban_areas_of_the_european_union ) '' in the eu ( thus excluding turkey and russia ) . 
  oh yeah , that notoriously generous welfare given to asylum seekers ? 
  there were hunger strikes in a uk detention centre recently because conditions were so poor . 
   what you linked is merely a huuuuge list of excuses people can tell themselves to justify why they are not in control of their own food consumption . 
  no one is truly in control of their food consumption . 
  our appetite and satiety networks are . 
  we are , after all , merely bags of ( extremely complicated ) self-perpetuating chemical reactions . 
  it 's why the vast majority of genetic risk factors for obesity alter appetite genes ; people affected physically do n't * feel * as full , which makes maintaining weight , over decades , that much harder . 
  it 's easiest to imagine conceptually with the extremes - take the seminal case study of a pakistani family by stephen o'rahilly , which characterised a young toddler with a congenital leptin mutation that made her so voraciously hungry at all times of the day the parents had to lock all food away . 
  when treated with replacement leptin , the girl lost ~ 16kg in 12 months , with no other intervention . 
   there is no such thing . 
  my thesis i 'm currently writing up is literally investigating mechanisms by which maternal obesity , purely during pregnancy , can increase offspring risk of obesity and metabolic disease . 
  that 's just effects via epigenetics , without considering heratible `` classical '' genetic components . 
  consider adopted children having much more similar bmi 's to their biological parents than their adoptee parents . 
  at it 's most simplistic obesity is an issue of calories in vs calories out . 
  many factors influence the degree of calories going in , and many factors influence the calories going out . 
  [ see the obesity systems map for an overview of just how complex it is . 
  ] ( https://www.gov.uk/government/uploads/system/uploads/attachment_data/file/296290/obesity-map-full-hi-res.pdf ) reddit likes to hold itself to high standards of scientific integrity , apart from when it comes to obesity , when unfounded opinion is more important than facts . 
  1 ) you have to be pretty damn muscular 2 ) bmi underestimates obesity in the population when body fat is measured by gold-standard dexa scan , due to a greater proportion of people having muscle wastage , especially in old age . 
  is it biology , or cultural conditioning , or a combination of both ? 
  well , no shit . 
  what 's your point ? 
  well , they did list a lot of other ways the west influences the middle east , and you ca n't honestly think western influence in the muslim world begins in 2001 . 
  that 's the point is n't it ? 
  there is no hypocrisy if your religion is the one true religion , and that goes for all faiths . 
   if you close the company , the people will know why , and they will accept that its better to lose a job and bad boss , rather than be personally ostracized and your market tarnished by his views forever . 
  that 's madness , when these very individuals want the bad boss gone too . 
  the hypocrisy will be lost on / u/xen _ yuropoor methinks . 
  especially as those making it to europe are more likely to have had the initial money to do it , effectively increasing the proportion of refugees likely to have higher level skills . 
  it 's generalising , of course , but that 's the point . 
  it 's not if quality is a defining factor . 
  some open access journals simply have very low editorial standards and , for example , wo n't make sure the paper is peer reviewed by the appropriate people .
