  it 's like taboo talking about supporting anything conservative . 
  there 's a lot of social pressure and stigma put on the populace to be anything but openly liberal . 
  it 's a different story entirely when you 're on an anonymous forum , people will be more open here without consequences . 
  anonymous polling seems to indicate that . 
  it 's always kind of strange reading that merkel is conservative and mild right wing . 
  living in america , merkel and her party come off as more liberal than american democrats . 
  those from your earlier post are tiny endemic populations that have been long established . 
  it 's the migrants to western europe and some eastern european countries from mena and often the generations they produce within europe that carry over they 're more raw versions of islam which i still say is highly regressive . 
  oh when you talk about them , those are muslims akin to the christians that never go to church . 
  they eat and serve pork in local restaurants , drinking is rampant and several mosques are pretty much abandoned with no imams . 
  relatively few practice ramadan , i believe a minority of women wear a hijab . 
  islam is arguably a vanishing presence in those areas . 
  interesting phenomenon is that saudi arabia has been planting some mosques with some reportedly radical imams to cater to them there as of late . 
  you 're right , they 're all varying degrees of awful . 
   i dont want any highly religous people in my country , regardless of religion . 
  some religions are far more benign than others . 
  * looks at sweden not so sure about that ... 
  the far right is garnering more support and sympathy . 
  the left is completely to blame because of lack of action for the constituents they represent . 
  an ancient sumerian religion has toppled \u00c1satr\u00faarf\u00e9lagi\u00f0 ( asatru ) as the fastest growing religion within iceland ?!, 
  i get the reasoning but damn is it still weird . 
  they really like to prop up these fringe groups in the media . 
  it begins . 
  no :( there has to be a limit !, 
  more than fair enough . 
  i guess that 's at the core of what a lot of issues may be . 
  i 'm not an internationalist and i would n't really like to see an united states of europe ( to put it in as general of a way as possible ) . 
  i think culture and heritage matter and moves away from that are n't good in my eyes . 
  `` nothing has happened to me , therefore everything is ok '' is what you 're literally saying . 
  i take it you 're not a fan of any sports team ? 
  it 's essentially the same thing . 
  nothing intrinsically makes one team better than the other but people rabidly support them and show team pride . 
  we are social creatures , we ultimately crave some of that tribal allegiance . 
  this extends to a lot of things . 
  you immediately jump to concluding that loving your country equates into supporting every action your country does . 
  very few spaniards are proud of the inquisition . 
  i 'm very critical about my home 's position on animal rights ( detest bull fighting and prevalence of hunting ) . 
  many spaniards swelled with pride when they won the world cup a few years back , for a brief moment the national team could go and say spain gave forth to the best players in the world . 
  you could potentially be shut in or something . 
  go vote , get involved with your community , enlist . 
  open the history books and read about important figures in your country . 
  `` this is my culture , let me show you how beautiful it is so that you can enjoy it too . '', 
  how is this such a hard concept for so many people to grasp ? 
  loving your country alone will never make you a nazi like in world war 2 . 
  you come off as so disconnected from your community and i pity that . 
  how to run a weak state 101 right here . 
  patriotism is always a great thing to keep a state strong . 
  the problem is too many blieve nationalism = patriotism . 
  it is ok to be a proud member of your country and love your country and to have pride in the identity of your country formed by history . 
  anything right of center is far right to people like you . 
  the left is providing no discourse or answers , so angry people are turning to the people who will even if it is n't pretty . 
   sodomy laws , laws against interracial marriage that are still on books . 
  none of these are actively enforced . 
  i believe it 's also illegal to park an elephant in some new england states . 
  grasping at straws here mate . 
  the states have a lot of laws that are largely forgotten . 
  it is but it 's ultimately just like treating a symptom and not an illness : / . 
  why is that ? 
  i 've found it difficult to see any prominent feminists saying anything about this . 
  most i 've found is them talking down westerners for using the rapes for whatever agenda there may be . 
  honestly , feminism is becoming a dirty word that 's been corrupted.like progressive imo . 
  they just come off as radical left wing to me now . 
  it is still absurd . 
   would you yourself be willing to fight terrorists ? 
  put on a uniform , go out in the field and fight them directly ? 
  many people will and do , and that 's very dangerous , as you know . 
  you have to be willing to risk your life -- meaning , consciously face the very real possibility of losing your life -- for a goal you believe in . 
  i 'll answer this first , living in america i 'm a few short steps from an air force base . 
  i 've always had one foot here and back in madrid however but this is tangential . 
  all i can give is my personal story but due to family pressure i did not end up committing to the air force after high school and i regret it right around the start of every summer when i let others ( family ) stop me from pursuing what i wanted to do . 
  of course i could be full of bullshit but it is what it is . 
  i can relate to your lens of fighting back the fear , again i 've lived just over half my life in america and i love its hardcore rebellious values . 
  but i like to think i 've learned to think pragmatically about things . 
  risk assessment , market value , sex appeal etc ; think pragmatically about everything . 
  if something looks needlessly risky , why bother going . 
  there are alternatives to a travel destination , ignoring the fact that at several points paris is right around the corner from central spain when i happened to be there . 
   what does ` as it is ' even mean ? 
  what does ` dust settle ' mean ? 
  with incidence rates of terrorist attacks and when the rate drops to an ideal level ( ideally never fucking again ) . 
   what would ` an actual solution ' look like ? 
  i have several ideas but none are politically correct enough to put forward here . 
  frankly i do n't think there is a politically correct solution . 
  only ugly solutions that will at the very least hurt the feelings of many people . 
  taking an emotional stance and lens on the issue accomplishes little , the terrorists really do n't care if you 're afraid or not . 
  it 's not like they tremble at the though of people still using the airport in belgium . 
  i think it 's the sensible response until an actual solution that at least lets the dust settle for some time comes forward . 
  as long as our only response is [ this ] ( http://i.imgur.com/ymldag0.jpg ) then it 'll just have to be as it is . 
   congratulations on fulfilling their desires . 
  he 's not wrong . 
  attempting to make an analogy , if a roller coaster has a noticeably recent spate of accidents despite reports of tuning and oiling up the bloody machine after each accident i still would n't go . 
  why risk it if there are alternatives with a better history of safety ? 
  may i ask why not ? 
  if you ask me , some are objectively worse than others . 
   but not the most conservative and backwards people on earth . 
  i like the term racism of low expectations . 
  the left seems to follow some silent rule of minorities not knowing any better and therefore deserve less or no criticism . 
  i do n't think major left leaning political powers would have had this position ~ 15 years ago . 
  roughly the entirety of africa is in similar conditions . 
  i suggest you petition your government to push for as many as possible from sub sahara africa to rush up there as well . 
  it is your moral duty .
