ok so ? 
  the bible 's stance on anything is irrelevant to the qur ` an 's stance . 
  besides , what proportions of native germans are secular compared to arabic or turkish populations being secular ? 
  christians in the west have largely regarded the stoning your misbehaving children bit in the bible as something they just do n't agree with ( or completely ignorant to it as i assume the majority are ) . 
  i do n't think the majority of muslims are ignorant to the prophet 's favorite wife being a 9 year old for example . 
  because what you call far-right i call conservative . 
  i 'm currently living in america , the far-right here would come off as absolutely fascist dystopian to someone un-exposed . 
  the afd is right leaning liberal to some political circles down here . 
  let me try to paint my argument with an analogy , what if you could live in a very nice house but with a dangerous junk yard dog living in the same house . 
  it 's a large house , he might not get you but the risk is there . 
  now , alternatively it seems that you can opt to downgrade to a worse house , maybe a leak on the roof and plumbing problems here and there but the dog is gone or at least downgraded to a chihuahua with a muzzle . 
   gays ca n't marry homophobic germans already have merkel 's party . 
  afd is must more homophobic i forget merkel 's folk still have some conservative elements . 
  the christian conservatives right . 
   not true . 
  yes true , i point to france which hovers around 10 % muslim population and has already seend a modern exodus of jewish people to israel . 
   a homophobic government send the message that homophia is okay and that means that crimes and discrimination against lgbt people increase . 
  you 're making a jump to an assumption here that is n't typical . 
  this kind of thinking can also be applied when i say a that it is a certainty a muslim will shank you in a back alley if he learns your gay . 
  most conservative parties just wish to emphasize the more traditional instead of further normalizing it . 
  living in america , where there are still enclaves which parts of europe would consider outright neo-nazi do n't have this hatred of gays en masse which you fear . 
  controversy happens when a bakery refuses to bake a cake for a gay couple 's wedding for religious reasons at worst . 
  russia has a laaaaarge minority of muslims and getting larger . 
  but that is a good point , with a large population of muslims you could be affected in a worse way than a homophobic government ( by homophobic we 're not talking like iran homophobic we 're talking like gays ca n't marry homophobic ) ever could but it is just a risk and potentially nothing can happen to you . 
  a homphobic government could at best notably lower that violent risk but you 'd have to deal with being things like no adoption or marriage and the like . 
  i think there 's been better times to be gay in europe overall : /, 
  no i think it is , having a homophobic government that at the very most will retract marriage rights and adoption rights but offers a tough immigration filter to keep out some violently homophobic swaths of people who do practice violence then i think it 's worth it . 
  is it not the lesser evil ? 
  if what you 're saying is true . 
  i have material that heavily suggests what i said is true , but you 'll keep pushing the post further and further as i 've seen you do . 
  did you miss the / s ? 
  anything right of center is objectively wrong and poisonous for society !, 
  / s get over yourself man , ideally this sub should have never been made a default and you would n't have to be exposed to alternate ideas . 
  there 's a holy book and complimentary material considered holy doctrine that a large majority of these people coming in adhere to that explicitly and obviously says some nasty things pertaining to gay people . 
  sweep it under the carpet , just do n't complain when you have to lie in the bed you make . 
  is american culture not objectively better than the current culture systems of saudi arabia ? 
  they understand the risks . 
  this seems right . 
  my enitre family 's opinion on the country is shit at the time . 
  of course . 
  hell sanders v trump has sanders doing very well but the unfortunate reality is sanders is losing his first fight which is sanders v clinton so your point is irrelevant . 
   send our societies back to the middle ages ourselves ! '', 
  then modern left is doing that just fine on its own . 
  progression . 
  you ignore the fact of varying degree 's of restriction . 
  my point was that europe largely takes it uncomfortably too far and that carries repercussions . 
  your point is convoluted . 
  clarified that true freedom of speech is the freedom to threaten an individual 's health or life ? 
  it your point by nitpicking to such extremes , if that 's the case the somalia has the laxest freedom of speech laws . 
  it is very much so limited in germany . 
  just because it 's dehumanizing , or insulting and therefore hate speech does not make it any less of an opinion even if it 's a bad one . 
  nobody gets hurt and frankly you do n't have to listen to opinions if you do n't like what it says . 
  it 's about getting big daddy government to coddle people and public opinion to such a degree that discourse is now shut down . 
  i find it maddening that the nazi salute lands you in jail there , while waving the rebel flag in the us gets you a legal slap on the wrist in like a fine at most . 
   because there are always other values that can interfere . 
  where has the u.s government used such reasoning to try someone for saying something that was n't a threat of violence ? 
  the private sector can do things to you out of consequence , like escort you out or ban you from somewhere but the government keeps its fingers out of that business . 
  i believe it is taught correctly as i said it , the concept of freedom of speech is that the government ca n't interfere unless it is a direct threat of violence to someone 's life . 
  i really hope i do n't have to invoke voltaire on this matter . 
  why do you think the westboro baptist church is such an issue over there ? 
  people take matters into their own hands ( forming human chain perimeters to push them out ) , not cry to the government about it because if the government shuts them down then that opens the future up to the possibility of even more policing . 
  if westboro decided to tour germany , they would n't last a day out in the streets with how strict the eu typically manages things . 
  if we look at the u.s as the typical example of this . 
  you are only ever enacted upon by the government for what you said if it 's in the fashion of a threat . 
  insulting someone , no matter how trivial the quality , is not a threat of violence . 
  if you 're being nitpicky then no , there is no freedom of speech anywhere . 
  you do n't understand freedom of speech . 
  if you control any speech from a government level then there is no freedom of speech . 
  twist it however you like . 
  there goes the agenda, 
  the upper classes of europe is full to the brim with morons like bono . 
  mighty high of you to speak in such a manner with such an air of superiority . 
  why do you generalize a person for using a term such as the regressive left ? 
  can altriusm and progressive not go too far to the point where it becomes dangerous ? 
  does this not apply to all extremes ? 
  pretending they do n't exist will not solve the issue . 
  for example , hyper progressive policies have led germany to include segregated spaces in pools and the metro between genders , so progressive that things actually regressed . 
  it 's a great term that shows a twisted irony when things go to far . 
  maajid nawaz is credited with coining the term which is also interesting as he 's on the forefront of islamic reformation . 
  a general term used to discuss a set of ideas is not abnormal and i fail to see why it is a red flag . 
  many left wingers use it and do not identify it , i believe they prefer the term classical liberal . 
  right wingers have conservatives , neo-conservatives , alt-right and etc. 
  i have never heard of gayrope , pretty clever . 
  can you point out where the racism is in this thread ? 
  i really want to understand this point of view of yours . 
  really ? 
  stop being informed and pretend everything is fine and dandy ? 
  the next few years will be very telling , this summer in particular is going to test europe hard . 
  i do n't see it lasting more than a decade or two , but i do n't pretend to know hat i 'm talking about when i throw that figure . 
  this is not true . 
  to me , the younger generation largely does n't give a fuck what the vatican thinks . 
  spain - the sound of hands smashing table tops and very loud yelling and laughing . 
  the eu is not a continent built by immigrants . 
  the far left is what 's delusional , their actions feed the true far right and force conservatives to their side . 
  spain has plenty of issues with animal rights : / . 
  you still hear about hunters hanging their greyhounds every now and then after the season . 
   to defend the freiheitlich-demokratische grundordnung ( liberal democratic order ) against those who want to abolish it . 
  the idea behind the concept is the notion that even a majority rule of the people can not be allowed to install a totalitarian or autocratic regime like as enabling act of 1933 this is as dangerous as the latter in my opinion . 
  the major powers at be can use their clout of influence and the media to twist any opposition to fit this narrative . 
  room for abuse basically no ?
