  i find such lines of thinking as hypocritical . 
  these extreme far right individuals that germany likes to demonize would say the exact same thing of people coming from very fundamentalist muslim countries . 
  the moment you put the tape over their mouths , their grievances appear more legitimate whether true or not . 
  more fuel to their fire . 
  it 's a silly goal to think any extremist element can ever be truly eliminated as long as their is suffering somewhere , but its presence can be so greatly diminished to the point of obscurity . 
  see the american kkk in the early 20th century to today for a decent comparison . 
  maajid nawaz is always an awesome read . 
  iraqi mud hats await my friend . 
  because they ca n't just shut them down with debate and better ideas . 
  ridiculous . 
  edit : thanks for bringing out the details of being publicly funded . 
  i totally agree with that . 
  instead of leaflets , let 's say seminars and classes since we 're being literal here . 
  sweden and norway come to mind as the forerunners for this tactic and frankly it 's come off as an utter failure . 
  chemo wo n't always kill you , but it hurts you . 
  europe 's solution is a painful one is what i 'm saying . 
  the cure for a cancer is typically painful and uncomfortable . 
  likewise we need to use the chemo on this bad idea . 
  what is that chemo ? 
  that 's the question , but handing out leaflets saying respect women and western values and here 's why has not worked so far . 
  the next few years will be very interesting . 
  are n't german elections next year ? 
  could this statement be her last nail in the coffin for merkel 's political career ? 
  still a thing , especially in the rural areas . 
  my family lives on the outskirts of madrid , the local shops close down during the midday but madrid itself always has a ton of activity going on . 
  it also used to affect school , not sure if it still does . 
  in the states school would be out like 2-3 , but in spain it 'd be like 5-ish thanks to siesta . 
  but it certainly seems to be a dying tradition anyway . 
  you clearly were , you were implying buddhists are just as bad as muslims in terms of terrorist activity , therefore a 1:1 ratio . 
  stop spinning your bullshit onto others . 
   reconquista4ever what  sometimes buddhists can be aggressors and sometimes muslims can be victims . 
  did i say the contrary ? 
  but you really have to suspend utter belief to say the ratio of such acts is anywhere near 1:1 for both religions . 
  that 's why i said largely . 
  as in it 's mostly as a counterweight to muslim actions . 
  to be fair , it 's largely counter terrorism against islam . 
  oh god , i detest every single one of those . 
  bullfights especially . 
  i 'm pretty sure this is what 's helping to kill off twitter . 
  facebook is n't doing this in north america i believe but it 'll take a huge hit in europe . 
  they most certainly do . 
  i 'd invite some of these people to come check out miami . 
  the cuban exile community and their descendants have a lot of conservatives among them . 
  there are a lot of legal minorities here that despise illegal immigrants because it ultimately makes life a lot harder for them as well . 
   trump is racist too . 
  perhaps you could argue xenophobic , but he 's winning the conservative minority vote most of the time . 
   closing the borders is an option but damn , it weighs in the conscious no it does n't . 
  i 'd think it 's fair to say that the average denizen had no part to play whatsoever in what happens in a place like syria . 
  i only go off the videos and images i 've seen . 
  my half brother identifies with the antifa crowd and communist groups and frankly he 's a narcissistic and loud-mouthed but you know what the say about bark being worst than the bite . 
  it 's not hard to make my half-brother cry . 
  economic migrants = / = refugees . 
  for example , morocco may be shitty , but it is n't civil war in syria shitty . 
  the rise and immediate disbanding of these far left militants . 
  they always come off as disorganized , spineless and emasculated . 
  they just happen to be very loud . 
   the spanish have a moorish twinge : /, 
  i 'm a dual citizen so if it all goes to hell i can go back to madrid . 
  you are not wrong though . 
  there are just no good choices , it 'd be between voting a snake or a fox into the hen house . 
  yeah i 'm aware of how bad the disparity is becoming in europe . 
  i believe sweden is the worst off . 
  as for china i believe it was a long term projection that the disparity would be the reason as to why birth rates will fall low enough to go into decline eventually . 
  it 's called picking the lesser of two evils . 
  from my point of view , trump is that lesser . 
  oh my , i believe i missed something interesting . 
  necrophilia a muslim thing ? 
  what the hell ? 
   temporary home because the sub saharan and middle east will see conflict resolution within the next few decades . 
  right . 
  aside form humanitarian concerns , it 's not a perfect policy . 
  they 'll have a shortage of females in the coming decades last i read . 
  something like 45 girls for 55 boys . 
  the population is on the decline now , which i 'd say is a good thing but they certainly do n't agree . 
  you say interesting , sounds terrible to me . 
  spain does n't need anymore migrants . 
  say what you will , agree or disagree , but is he really entertaining to watch and read about . 
  if bernie does n't make it , i 'm spitting in the face of the establishment and going with trump . 
  if anything he 'll make life hard for congress who will deserve it . 
  right but how prevalent is anti-abortion attacks compared to islamic influenced attacks ? 
  which is the bigger problem ? 
  this is really fucking scary . 
  setting a precedent for the whole of greece perhaps ? 
  i can imagine the fear when the number of migrant men outnumber your community . 
  not if trump beats them to it . 
  this is pretty scary . 
  pig is haram ? 
  it 's the founding of america that is a sort of pseudo mythology . 
  the spirit of rebellion runs deep in america . 
  i 'm of the opinion that it pales in comparison to the centuries of european history and culture but america has something . 
  i have n't heard about any sons ofodin patrols beating anyone up yet , but just that neighborhood watch thing they got going could bring some positive security feelings to the local communities . 
  law enforcement is seemingly strained these days anyhow . 
  `` aww still baby '' i fucking died . 
  i 'd never think a prostitute could be so god damned adorable . 
  both sides have their pros and cons i do n't think that 's a fair statement to say at all . 
  for example , germany has an abysmal birth rate , liberal societies often have a terrible birthrate but germany is right down there with japan . 
  now societies under conservative have booming birth rates . 
  of course ignoring for a moment the eethical and moral viewpoints that could come with such policies ( say making abortion illegal ) it is still a solution to a problem . 
  perhaps not one someone would agree with but still a solution nonetheless . 
  this is purely anecdotal , but i 've read accounts of people talking to german tourists and how they were more open to admitting that they do n't support the refugee policies .
