also `` live by the gun '' by waka flocka flame, 
  glad you 're doing so much to back up your argument . 
  i understand now your second point about space -- it is a fair criticism . 
  the first point , however , seems facile -- the information * is * understandable since there is an english translation right there . 
   roughly 50 % of the discussion is not understandable by a lot of people and useless . 
  you gave this as the reason why it is hard to follow , but it simply is untrue . 
  there is nobody browsing / r/europe who can speak french but not english . 
  if the display of diversity does n't detract from the conversation , then there is no problem . 
  if someone who speaks english reads a conversation in which dclauzel participates , he will walk away with a complete understanding of the conversation . 
  there is such a nation , for even if it is not internationally recognized , it is still called that by some . 
  surely you mean the former yugoslav republic of macedonia ? 
  / s * nonne prior yugoslavica res publica macedoniae significas ? 
  the added benefit is its display of cultural diversity . 
  how are the discussions harder to follow ? 
  why is this so ? 
  why do you think these exceptions should be made ? 
  * cur has exceptiones fieri putas ? 
  why ? 
  surely one ought to be judged on his actions only in the subreddit in which he is being judged ? 
  i too like the use of translation . 
  it shows the diversity found in europe & the world . 
  what is so bad about using his own language along with english ? 
  why do people seem not to like his use of french ? 
  dclauzel does use english . 
  the sub is for discussing anarchism , not modeling it . 
  lots of places still let you skip grades . 
  just nine years ago did i skip one . 
  what do n't you like about / u/dclauzel ? 
  * hon hon hon hon *, 
  it 's good that we have the change . 
  [ deleted ], 
  * m'dame *, 
  discovering new parts of history is always great * partes novas historiae invenire semper magnum . 
  finally my classiness is known to all !, 
  english or latin ? 
  i am a latin student and translating my posts into latin improves my command of the language . 
  i understood why people were leaving , but why germany in particular ? 
  thank you !, 
  forgive my lack of knowledge of these things . 
  do you know why ? 
  is it possible that foreign tech companies could use this as an opportunity for cheap labor ? 
  i wonder why greece and bulgaria find german so important . 
  i was n't saying that they should punish their governments but that it seemed unjust for those citizens . 
  thanks for pointing it out !, 
  i 'm still just a student of the language and was pretty tired when writing that second sentence , so the end result was far from perfect . 
  yeah , that last sentence i wrote just before i was going to bed , so i think i was more motivated by getting it done than by making a good translation at that point in time haha, 
  i am writing it myself . 
  i 'm just a high school student , so i 'm sure there are some errors here and there -- i 'm doing it to try to improve my skill in writing it ( practice makes perfect and all that ) . 
  thanks for the elucidation !, 
  i did n't know the situation fully . 
  * gratias elucidatione !, 
  i hope that the law was not intended to be used this way by finland . 
  it is good to stand against russia , but one wonders whether those rejected had control over this . 
  * edit : grammar, 
  how sad , to have died so young . 
  how do you figure , op ? 
  because they both are anti-immigration ? 
  now that i think about it , i think i was confused by the spanish word * castellano * and when i heard catalan , falsely equated the two . 
  i 'm pleased to hear it ; i have not modern latin books but the works of the ancients -- cicero , caesar , tacutus , & c. maybe my next book will be a modern one . 
  i 'm glad to see another lover of latin on here !, 
  the practice of bilingualism on here is helpful for my practice . 
  the chance of a trump presidency is so low as not to be worth worrying about . 
  like / u/wholelottatoughlove , i admire your love for french , but surely it is easier for the reader to have it second ? 
  with nato 's help , what nation needs an adequate military ? 
  what did you say about german ? 
  it is the same in the us . 
  students are required to study foreign languages , and so people go in to finish the class rather than to learn the language . 
  * idem in cf. 
  why so hostile ? 
  is it not good to learn about other cultures ? 
  maybe this is an ignorant question , but what is the difference between spanish & catalan ? 
  what do you define as race ? 
  but hoes & tricks ? 
  i do n't know either . 
  that makes sense . 
  sometimes the answer is staring one in the face and yet he sees it not haha, 
  what about the question is so very french ( apart from the language of course ) ? 
  i admit my knowledge of french culture is not as good as it might be , and i always like to learn . 
  may i ask why you find them pretentious ? 
  based on what other posters from france have explained , it seems that the exam is not so much presenting one 's own views on philosophy as it is discussing the viewpoints of philosophers about whom students have learned and analyzing & reconciling their various viewpoints . 
  one could imagine how such a topic might be expected to stretch into such a length . 
  i would definitely be interested to read top exams , especially ones that were graded 20/20 , if such a grade is as difficult to achieve as i am told . 
  no , because the brand itself is german . 
  the factories themselves are polish since they are located in poland . 
  in much the same way , the holocaust was german but the death camps located in poland were polish . 
  why is that bad though ? 
  `` polish '' means `` of or relating to poland , its inhabitants , or their language . '', 
  we 're the death camps not of poland in that they were located therein ? 
  i would like to point out that the correct plural of `` octopus '' is not `` octopi '' but rather `` octopodes '' . 
  thanks !, 
  i had hoped my years of earning it in school were not wasted . 
  how is scots different from english ? 
  that was totally comprehensible to me , a native english speaker . 
  yes , but latin `` ph '' is said with an aspirated p . the original latin pronunciation is perhaps not best for othe languages . 
  that is right . 
  the romans were stupid , and latin even more so . 
  but the article is implied through the word itself . 
  saying `` the magna carta '' is like saying `` the el sombrero '' fun fact !, 
  magnus , - a , - um survives today in english as `` magnum '', 
  being opposed to roma gypsies on account of their cultural practices is n't racist .
