  racism is `` prejudice , discrimination , or antagonism directed against someone of a different race based on the belief that one 's own race is superior . '', 
  they are not prejudiced based on their feelings of racial superiority -- it 's over frustration at gypsy cultural practices . 
  does ireland have a big problem with roma gypsies ? 
  i thought most of your gyppoes were travellers . 
  it is just `` magna carta '' . 
  the `` the '' is unnecessary . 
  it is just `` magna carta '' . 
  the `` the '' is unnecessary . 
  it is just `` magna carta '' . 
  the `` the '' is unnecessary . 
  it is just `` magna carta '' . 
  the `` the '' is unnecessary . 
  it is just `` magna carta '' . 
  the `` the '' is unnecessary . 
  it is just `` magna carta '' . 
  the `` the '' is unnecessary . 
  the more subtle the insult the better . 
  oh , and he used `` assaulting '' and `` sovereignty '' too !, 
  must be a cunning linguist as well . 
  yes , because it expanded based on the flawed definition of a foreign aggressor instead of by the will of the macedonians or greeks . 
  fyrom is called that by the decision of their own government . 
  this decision ultimately stems from the naming of a roman province encompassing both ancient greek macedonia and the area occupied by current fyrom ( then called paeonia ) as macedonia collectively . 
  this largely persisted into the creation of yugoslavia and its collapse into the modern states of today , with the area of the traditional greek macedonia controlled by greece and paeonia controlled by yugoslavia and then a new government which elected to call itself macedonia , to which the greeks took offense , viewing it as cultural appropriation . 
  the problem was exacerbated when the fyr macedonian government started using traditional greek macedonian symbols like alexander the great and the vergina sun as symbols of their own country . 
  [ more info ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/macedonia_naming_dispute ), 
  both ancient greek macedonia and modern greek macedonia are legitimate in my eyes because there is a continuity of heritage . 
  they are in the same place geographically and they share a cultural heritage . 
  slavic fyr macedonia is neither in the same place as not of the same culture as ancient macedonia -- no continuity . 
  macedonia is a region within the modern country of greece . 
  this region lines up with the ancient greek kingdom of macedonia which conquered the other greek city-states . 
  the modern nation which calls itself macedonia , the former yugoslav republic of macedonia , is adjacent to the greek region of macedonia but is largely outside of the area of the ancient greek macedonia . 
  despite this lack of geographic ( or cultural for that matter ) continuity with ancient macedonia , the country calls itselfor macedonia and uses traditional macedonian symbol like alexander the great . 
  thanks for the correction !, 
  i got carried away with my capitalizing of proper nouns , but you are absolutely correct . 
  irrespective of their ethnic origin , the area wherein they live is not co\u00f6rdinate with ancient macedonia . 
  do n't propagandize . 
  the area of northern greece called `` macedonia '' is very close to the borders of the ancient macedonian kingdom -- a feat the borders of fyr macedonia do not share . 
  want to expand on what you mean by that ? 
  i notice you do n't have flair at all . 
  it 's not the same thing . 
  `` new mexico '' is just that , new . 
  if fyr macedonia wanted to call itself new macedonia , there would be no problem , since it is n't laying claim to the original macedonia . 
  moreover , paris , texas does n't lay a credible claim to the heritage of paris , france . 
  no one would mistake one for the other , whereas fyr macedonia is actively appropriating macedonian culture . 
  the territory taken up by fyr macedonia is only called `` macedonian '' because of the name chosen by fyr macedonia itself . 
  even recognicing the name `` former yugoslav republic of macedonia '' would go a long way , but the government have not even done that . 
  there have been any number of suggestions for a different name for the country , but what is important is that it not mislead people about the nature of the country . 
  does n't it then seem unfair to you that fyr macedonia is appropriating thousands of years of greek history despite their lack of connection to that cultural heritage ? 
  it 's not comparable . 
  belgian luxembourg is a region actually associated with luxembourg . 
  it was even part of the grand duchy of luxembourg until the third partition of luxembourg . 
  the former yugoslav republic of macedonia , on the other hand , is largely different from the region traditionally known as macedonia . 
  it does n't make sense to me that fyr macedonia ought to be able to call itself macedonia if it does n't have anything to do with macedonian culture , geographic scope , or civilization . 
  edit : changed `` macedonia '' to `` fyr macedonia '' to enhance clarity, 
  certainly not . 
  i am greek by neither nationality nor heritage . 
  i merely sympathize with the greeks ' complaints about macedonia 's nomenclature and i hoped to facilitate some discussion thereabout . 
  glad to see another username leader haha, 
  oh , my bad . 
  shows what i get for not paying attention to details as much as i ought , i suppose . 
  may i ask you something ? 
  how would you feel if france renamed itself to wollonia and started putting up traditional belgian symbols up across its country ? 
  would you find their actions justified ? 
  you 're not making yourself comprehensible . 
  i make an observation about your comment , to which you reply `` which ... '' . 
  i try to understand what you mean by that by asking `` which what ? 
  '' , and instead of elucidation , you give me `` yes '' . 
  the reason hitler was rejected from art school , if memory serves , is because his art was so heavily architectural -- he did not draw humans well . 
  which what ? 
  do n't you mean `` the former yugoslav republic of macedonia '' ? 
  edit : corrected capitalization, 
  accurate username , inaccurate ideas, 
  * / u/cleansewithfire speaks the truth . 
  byzantium and its empire , born from the roman empire , was and has been part of rome and therefore of europe . 
  muhammad 's warriors may have conquered the city but not it 's europeanness , in my mind and the minds of many . 
  what ? 
  again , i never said that all leftists are sjws , just that sjws are leftists . 
  never said they were representatives . 
  all i said is that they are leftist . 
  when the fuck did i say `` all leftists are sjws '' ? 
  oh , of course , just like saying those who like sugar in their porridge are scotsmen is insulting to * true * scotsmen . 
  i 'm not saying that ; i 'm saying that describing it as leftist is accurate if it 's run by sjws . 
  sjws * are * leftist . 
  for how long must we the gentle people of / r/europe fall under the yoke of oppressive , racist moderators ? 
  while i am loathe to seem entitled , while i am loathe to complain unduly , while i am loathe to insist upon minor accommodations , there comes a point at which the basic entitlement to human dignity and recognition thereof must rise to the fore . 
  while to be sure opinions of others must be tolerated and respected , and to be sure the actions of a user ought n't be attacked solely on the basis of its difference from one 's own , the standard whereto a user is to be held falls below the standard whereto a moderator ought to be held . 
  in order that this critical idea of tolerance be maintained , is it not necessary and essential that the guardians of the subreddit be tolerant ? 
  instead of a tolerant attitude we are however presented with attacks upon bosniaks and virulent rhetoric supporting genocide . 
  it is disturbing to me that we must place our trust in a man of such loose morals . 
  it is with this held in mind that i therefore call for the removal of our new moderator . 
  you have been banned from / r / [ redacted ], 
  ah , that makes sense . 
  russia over here is very much thought of as european ( though naturally people understand that it is in both continents ) . i 'm not sure why -- perhaps it is russia 's greater involvement with western than eastern affairs . 
  hitler & churchill , yes . 
  i do n't know about mussolini . 
  he seems to be the least well-known dictator stateside . 
  stalin on the other hand is a safe bet . 
  i do n't agree . 
  the government of australia ought n't have any ethical obligation to non-australians . 
  sure , i agree what the op is suggesting is bad , but i do n't see why that makes anti-immigration in general bad .
