yes, 
  they got  20 % in saxony-anhalt . 
  this is an election in berlin . 
  they never had 20 % of the votes in berlin . 
  as long as they are not down to 7-11 % in the same places they received so much support it really does n't say anything . 
  if you look at the predicted polls for whole of germany they are stronger than they ever were before . 
  is it ? '', 
  aged 18-24 with lower secondary education . '', 
  does n't that mean everyone not getting abitur/fachabi ? 
  i would have thought the number to be a lot higher then . 
  cause your f\u00f6rderungsh\u00f6chstdauer extends for 1 semester . 
  you wo n't get baf\u00f6g during your holiday-semester but you will always get the same amount of baf\u00f6g, 
  you are german , right ? 
  at least in my region basically every swimming pool offers `` m\u00e4dchen - und frauenschwimmen '' at least once a week since forever ? 
  and google tells me that this is pretty common all over the country . 
  i do n't think anyone ever thought that these events are illegal . 
  nothing concrete that i have heard of . 
  except for him luring people to the mcdonald 's via that turkish girl 's facebook and him actually killing mostly foreigners but i do n't think his motive was political at all . 
  he just wanted to shoot people cause he liked shootings and his own life sucked, 
  is robbing a church common ? 
  is there so much money in the donation plate that it would be worth a robbery ? 
  i do n't think it would be much easier than to rob than a small store either so it would be quite a weird target imo . 
  you can not deport a foreign citizen to some random country . 
  he himself applied for asylum in bulgaria and received it which is probably the reason that it was denied in germany, 
  beziehungstaten are the most common type of murder in germany , too, 
  i was so confused why everyone was talking about planes ... 
   in a variety of areas such as technology , medicine and logistics where does it say they get to fly jets ? 
  would that even be that useful if they are going to teach skills to rebuild the country ? 
  but that 's exactly the difference between refugees and immigrants . 
  you can deny someone who wants to move to your country if you think that he is n't educated enough but someone 's right for asylum does n't end just because the person does n't have a phd, 
  in this case , i do n't think it really has something to do with an anti-war attitude . 
  germany is rather conservative if it comes to new technology . 
  if i remember the debate correctly games like world of warcraft were also blamed and they do n't really have to do anything with war . 
  i think the attitude of being sceptical towards everything new is the more crucial cause . 
  i had n't heard it for ten years either until yesterday . 
   so far all evidence points in another direction . 
  which is exactly what op 's comment said ? 
   seems like a religious motive is what you prefer because it fits your narrative ... where did you get that from ? 
  neither this comment nor his comment history suggest that in any way . . 
  shootings that happened around 10 years ago were usually blamed on bullying and call of duty in germany . 
  i think the comments on both sides were pretty stupid . 
  why would you claim to know that it was obviously a refugee without any information and why would you claim to know that it was obviously a right wing attack just because the guy is german . 
  so apparently i 'm not human . 
  sure it can . 
  but you should only report it as islamic terror if there is evidence for it . 
  not because it could be or just in case it is, 
  how is that clear ? 
  when did they report anything on his motive ? 
  have you more information ? 
  based on the video where he talks i got the feeling that this was n't political at all . 
  more like a `` my life sucks . 
  i 'm going to kill you all '' kind of thing . 
  but i do n't want to draw conclusions based on that one video, 
  is that true ? 
  i am german and every time i visit the uk they check my id card . 
  we went had a class trip to the uk in high school and if i remember correctly the one turkish girl in our class needed a visa or some other documents but she definitely was treated differently . 
  i think freedom of movement only applies to eu citizens and since you are not a schengen member you still have border control . 
  because not being racist/xenophobic means judging a person by their individual actions not by their nationality . 
  who do you think would win the election ( if germany vote today ) ? 
  spd lost many voters . 
  even if they would form a coalition with linke and gr\u00fcne i do n't think that would be enough . 
  ( too much support for cdu and afd ) no one would form a coalition with afd . 
  they would need an absolute majority and that is just unrealistic . 
  the articles are from may and february . 
  that was before the brexit vote . 
  so it does not really disprove op 's article . 
  but even with your numbers 33 % for cdu would probably mean coalition with spd again . 
  then nothing would have changed . 
  the only way i see merkel not becoming chancellor again is if she does n't run . 
  could obviously look different in a year . 
  i do n't think stalin and mao have the same taboo level in their countries as hitler . 
  maybe it is a censorship thing but you can get around that if you do n't show any nazi symbols . 
  but germany is quite a big market and i can imagine that it would hurt sales here . 
  in my opinion , bismarck is the safe and obvious choice . 
  i could imagine economic/happiness uas and someone like erhard as leader if you want an image of germany that is closer to the modern germany . 
  german atms usually ask what you want to have . 
  so i usually avoid having $ 50s . 
  unskilled means no university degree , doesnt ' t it ? 
  my degree is n't finished yet , so i am still unskilled . 
  still someone paid for 13 years of school education . 
  ca n't rickroll a german . 
  thanks gema, 
  honey butter chips actually got insanely popular in korea last year . 
  they were almost always sold out immediately . 
  http://www.ebay.com/itm/2-pcs-honey-butter-chip-new-korean-potato-snack-chips-crackers-120g-x-2-/121506972593?pt=lh_defaultdomain_0&amp;hash=item1c4a6143b1 https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/honey_butter_craze, 
   its simple . 
  if you give person 500euro for nothing and minimum job pays 500euro . 
  laziness will make majority of the 500euro earning people quit their job that would be an argument against the current welfare system . 
  right now i can either work and get 500 $ or do n't work and receive unemployment benefits of 500 $ so i would obviously stay in bed . 
  with bi i would get 500 $ no matter if i work or not and if i decide to work for 500 $ i would have 1000 $ ( 500 $ bi + 500 $ job ) so if your argument is true there would be more incentive for people to work than in the current system , no ? 
  those programs are open to foreigners ? 
   china in asia your family has a lot more control over your life than a person who grew up in a western country would be comfortable with . 
  did they change that recently ? 
  i flew with ryanair about 3 years ago and i definitely didn \u00b4 t even had a passport back then . 
  cdu is not really known to be a feminist party . 
  i think most feminist would vote left parties tbh . 
  not for being angry no . 
  i 'm not really pro-thaad either . 
  but there is a difference between criticizing a government decision and trying to start a fight between people . 
  china 's propaganda is often aimed towards hating korea and koreans as a whole.i had chinese `` friends '' who told me that they hate koreans now cause thaad .
