got the evening-shift today . 
  germany has to be represented on reddit 24/7 . 
  the worst thing are the nsfw-links that are taunting me 200 pages in when everything is boring as hell . 
  i heard of a guy who got caught clicking an nsfw-link last month , he was demoted to like photos of old shelter dogs on facebook . 
  poor bastard , but rules are rules . 
  welp , still two hours to go , but at least i could take one of my three mandatory breaks to write this comment . 
  you know , the thing about doomsayers is that they usually just predict their own doom . 
  wish you good luck , though . 
  where have you been ? 
  the crisis in italy and especially greece was/is a huge deal in europe . 
  also `` blackmail '' ? 
  really ? 
  because germany , spain and sweden want to share the burden like it should be ? 
  you greedy fuckheads only want the advantages the eu gives you , but when it comes to actually dealing with real issues you 're trying to leave `` the sinking ship '' like a bunch of fucking rats . 
  the inane circlejerk in here gets worse by the minute . 
  i saved your comment and will come back to you and congratulate you on your realistic and rational assumption when the eu collapsed . 
  building huge fences with barbed wire and shit . 
   they do n't disable racial hatred in comments . 
  they disable the comments all togheter so these newsoutlets you are talking about do n't even decide which comments they silence , but neutrally and undiscriminatingly disable all the comments ? 
  so what 's your problem ? 
  why would i know what you are talking about . 
  you are referring to an imaginary scenario that has shit to do with this thread . 
  show me all these articles where the evil media decided `` to silence the publuc opinion of the average righteous citizen '' . 
  you have n't even managed to support your point how irrelevant it may be to this debate . 
  if you are so dishonestly going to move the goalpost make at least the effort to support your point for fucking sake . 
  so they disable the comments alltogether then to stop the arguing . 
  every company has the right to decide what happens on their website . 
  if they decide that racially loaded debates do not belong to the image they want to represent then that 's their own business . 
   but you sentence proves my point nicely . 
  since obviously everyone who will voice an opinion against the article will be a racist let 's just not allow anyone to say anything against it . 
  `` you disagree with me , therefor i 'm right . '', 
  that 's the fallacious logic you are using first of all . 
  then you are talking about some ominous news articles that apparently took away your ability to speak out in favour of whatever asinine political opinion you wan na share . 
  interesting to note is , you still have n't made a single proper point , you played the victim so far and spouted some dumb shit about the alleged oppression of opinions , but that 's it . 
  i have n't even called you a racist so far , but that 's apparently a little detail you entirely failed to comprehend in your already notorious attempt to play the victim . 
   also do n't write , thats a fact after your personal opinion ... 
  but that newsoutlets do n't want to be associated with the comments that might follow one of their articles when they disable them is a fact . 
  does n't matter how you wan na put it , if you want to call it corporate censorship or the evil hand of the government that apparently controles every newsoutlet from here to mars . 
  the newsoutlets that decide to disable comments do so because they have every right as a company to do as they wish . 
  it 's their image on the line , there are plenty of other possibilites to discuss articles . 
  wake up , you 're using reddit right now , at this moment for exactly that purpose . 
  and it 's not like reddit is like the last bastion of freedom of speech in this world , it 's simply one website of many . 
  one with a huge population however . 
   that the refugees will benefit the country is wishful think and only that . 
  they will receive far more in benefits than they will ever pay in taxes . 
  source : your ass . 
   it is not the 50s anymore were you actually get a job that provides for you and your family , because your body is fit . 
  they do n't speak the language will therefore not get any job . 
  once they are able to speak it somehow and they are lucky they get a low paying job and will most likley still receive welfare because the job pay is to low . 
  the same shit reactionary morons always say every time immigrants decide to travel to another country to look for a better future there . 
  `` they do n't speak our language therefor they ca n't do jobs '' . 
  welcome to the globalized world of the 21st century where people travel extensively between nations , learn other languages , settle down or move on . 
  besides there are plenty of jobs that do n't even require you to have a lot of language skills already . 
  immigration is nothing new , it 's as old as human history , probaly as old as the outdated point you are trying to make . 
  mass immigration is not different from normal immigration in that regard . 
  you simply claim people wo n't learn any languages . 
  source : again your ass . 
  yet countries like the netherlands make it mandatory to learn their language in order to receive any kind of financial support from the government and any child that grows up in the new host country learns the language . 
   edit : to clarify normal immigration is a benefit to the country mainly because we actually choose the people and let mostly people in that have a nice skill set . 
  this is not the case this time . 
  you talk about qualifications a lot of syrians that come here actually have . 
  syria is the country that sends the most refugees these days . 
  of course there are highly qualified folks among them , they flee from a war , the immigrants that get here are as diverse as your own population when it comes to qualifications . 
  you do n't even adress the point that a lot of them do n't even want to stay here . 
  you do n't refute my point about cheap labour at all either . 
   yes good point on how we will benefit from the refugees too shift to the awesome argument , but hey the world as a whole is shitty and unfair ... how do you even believe this is an argument ? 
  `` yeah well , the world is bad '' . 
  thanks for that pearl of wisdom , entirely irrelevant to the debate . 
  nothing but insubstantial bullshit really . 
   maybe you will grow into realism at some point and see that we will not be able to fix the whole world . 
  the shit you call realism is a product of your simple minded worldview , there is nothing realistic about it . 
  you gave in to the fear mongering and the mass-hysteria , that 's about as irrational as it gets . 
   a country can only change if it wants to change from within . 
  any attempt from the outside usually make the situation way worse . 
  see iraq -  isis . 
  cherrypicked nonsense entirely irrelevant to the discussion . 
  `` a country can only change if it gets help from the outside . 
  see germany -  no leading nazi party anymore . '', 
  next time write a proper rebuttal , you fucking moron . 
   do you know how it is easy to distinguish between facts and media manipulation ? 
  it is when on every article you find regarding a matter the commentary function is disabled . 
  if someone tells you something and gives you no means to reply or make you voice heard as well , than something is fishy . 
  that 's an obvious fallacy and you know that . 
  if a company disables racial hatred in a comment thread that does n't automatically make the racial hatred justified or right . 
  it just means that the newsoutlet does n't want to be associated with racist morons . 
  that 's a fact . 
  also i do n't know what that has to do with the shit that is going on in this thread . 
  you try to play the victim in a thread full of people who spout generalising bullshit like `` they ruined their countries and now they want to ruin ours because they are jealous '' . 
  dumb shit like that entirely neglects the reality these people live in . 
  the rational and reasonable discussion you are pretending to have is entirely made up for the lone sake of playing the victim . 
  hysteria and fear-mongering is pretty much the only shit you read here and it 's of course totally ok to call people out on it . 
   the only reason is to help them that 's a solid reason and this one alone should be enough already , however , we also benefit from these immigrants culturally . 
  sure ... if you 're an idealist that maybe enough . 
  but the truth is , we also benefit financially . 
  they do n't only cost money , they pay taxes , they pay into our pension funds , they contribute to this society and if you believe these people travelled thousands of kilometers after surviving wars , starvation , poverty and other life-threatening horrors just to sit on their asses here you actually bought into the manipulation and the propaganda of the far-right . 
  these people do the jobs we do n't want to do anymore for payment we would n't accept and of course they want to improve on their quality of life . 
  since when was that ever a bad attitude , also economically speaking ... 
  the richer host countries benefit the most , but also the countries of origin do benefit . 
  not all of those immigrants actually want to stay here for instance , they want to rebuild their country once the wars die down . 
  skills , international contacts , savings might help them with that , or they have family at home they send money to .
