  a decision like that is only made in extreme cases ... like we see in the article . 
  now you try to tell me deporting a polish dude to poland is totally the same ? 
  you 're delusional . 
  that 's not correct . 
  the polish got their reparations from the ussr . 
  probably not ? 
  that 's a question for the polish . 
  do you feel systematically discriminated against in your societies because you are polish ? 
  also , historically ? 
  which group has n't been a victim in the past at one point in time ? 
  amazing contribution . 
  do you think the polish are a systematically discriminated minority ? 
   poles are white you 're a retard , that 's what you are . 
  in no way did i make this about skin-colour . 
   i am against a special treatment of any group and that 's naive . 
  especially nazi germany tought us the very harsh reality that certain minorities might be systematically discriminated against in societies . 
  oh and in every society . 
  systematic discrimination against minorities is n't a german problem , it 's a human one . 
   people shall be rewarded for the contribution to the socienty not through its background oh i got that , it 's not a complicated point you are trying to make there , but again ... you are completely neglecting reality to make that point . 
  who decides what is a proper contribution to society ? 
  slaves build the pyramids in egypt , but the pharao was praised . 
  how many people died during the construction of the chinese wall ? 
  the average chinese worker was still treated like shit . 
  mexicans do the lowest and toughest jobs in the us and get paid shit , one of the candidates for the president of the united states just called all of them lazy rapists . 
   i do not expect to be treated speciall because i am polish and my ancestors suffered during iiww . 
  you will be though . 
  that does n't mean i will kiss your ass or you get free handouts , it simply means i recognize and acknowledge the history our countries share and am willing to have a positive impact on the understanding among our nations . 
  i mean , sure you can try to deny that there is an emotionally charged backstory , but i do n't think that 's very realistic . 
   we did not even get a reparations from germany that 's factually incorrect and/or willfully oversimplified . 
  germany was devided into a western and an eastern reparation zone . 
  the ussr took their reparations from the eastern zone . 
  reparations to poland were paid from the soviet share . 
  the government of the ussr relinquished all its claims to german assets located on polish territory , including the territory that was to be assigned to poland . 
  the western border of poland moved 200km to the west . 
  7 million germans were driven out . 
  it 's not like the infrastructure left behind was worth nothing . 
  stuff like german merchant ships the russians received , steam-engines , all kinds of merchandise was part of poland 's share , as well as all kinds of deliveries of the share the soviets reveived additionally from the western reparation zone . 
  your statement `` we did not even get reparations '' - is either a lie or the result of a rather bad or maybe even willfully misinforming education . 
  i have no insight into the polish school system . 
   but as i said in my first post , past is past , we have to move one and work on the co-operation between our nations . 
  does n't really sound like it since you 're constantly bringing up the topic of money which is by the way quite interesting to me since you thereby put a price on the lives of the polish people that died during ww2 . 
  apples and oranges . 
  roma are a fringe group , a minority . 
  the polish not . 
  do you feel the need to be protected in the society you live in because you are polish ? 
  on top of that of course the polish are treated in a different way because of the atrocities of ww2 as well . 
  it 's a huge factor in polish-german relations and stressed time and time again . 
  being a roma in romania is unfortunately a totally different story ... 
   thats exactly what the nra has done was fight for legislation for concealed carry with those restrictions ( mostly ) horseshit , those are stances the nra leadership fought against systematically for years and years because apparently every small step towards more regulation is the next holocaust when it comes to the `` rhetorical geniuses '' of the gun lobby . 
   and you can go ahead and stop using violence policy center as a source of course i can do that , feel free to properly refute the findings of the violence policy center . 
  there are plenty of other sources on the net that talk about 71-72 million dollars these days . 
  the donations went up immensely since 10 years ago , specifically during the obama administration where a need for more gun control became more and more obvious . 
  it 's no surprise that the donations of the gun industry were more than doubled in times of sandy hook , aurora etc. 
   70 percent is from dues and personal contributions . 
  `` personal contributions '' is a pretty general term . 
  if you 'd look at the doners the nra is aiming for you will find wealthy personalities of the political right and far right that are directly or indirectly linked to the gun industry . 
  not a suprise nor a coincidence . 
  the nra of course has a lot of members that make small donations that amount to huge sums in the end , but their money is used to secure the interests of the american gun industry . 
   the nra has also led boycotts against gun makers isolated cases that do n't justify , excuse or rectify the actions of the nra i 'm pointing out . 
   you do n't even understand the weapons you want to ban who is `` you '' ? 
  me specifically ? 
  you do n't even know my expertise when it comes to weapons . 
  i did n't speak of a ban either . 
  that 's how retarded your slippery slope rhetoric is , you paranoid piece of shit automatically parrot that clich\u00e9 talking point that everyone is coming for your guns . 
  hilarious that i even talked about folks like you being the tool of gun lobby opinion makers , entirely radicalized by slogans and simplistic talking points . 
  you 're completely unaware of how you are supporting my point . 
   heres one of the leaders of gun control who ca n't even tell you what she wants to ban https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ospnrk2um3u i do n't even know who that 's supposed to be and this person is entirely irrelevant to the conversation we are having . 
  but nice try on the strawman there . 
  [ here is the person representing your immature approach to guns . 
  ] ( http://i.imgur.com/csypxzu.jpg ) edit : another great read concerning the `` the nra is the only lobbying organization that matters '' point you were trying to make earlier . 
  the story the nra purports about how it 's just a grassroots force and `` the populist defender of true americans and american gun rights '' is nothing but a fairy tale and the fact that you are still ready to believe that bullshit is absolutely telling . 
  http://www.vpc.org/studies/bloodmoney.pdf it should be quite obvious who the nra is working for if we look at what its members would support and is ignored by the leaders of the organization : 74 percent of nra members believe concealed carry permits should only be granted to applicants who have completed gun safety training . 
  68 percent of nra members believe concealed carry permits should only be granted to applicants who do not have prior arrests for domestic violence . 
  63 percent of nra members believe concealed carry permits should only be granted to applicants 21 years of age or older . 
  75 percent of nra members believe that concealed carry permits should be granted only to those applicants who have not committed any violent misdemeanors . 
  some background here as well from a former insider : http://www.npr.org/templates/story/story.php?storyid=16324652 but i mean what does it matter really who the nra is representing if opinion makers decide what the average guntard aka you has to be scared of these days . 
  the `` active voter base '' is merely a tool as well . 
  so first of all you do n't even manage to adress my points and i 've actually read what these laws contain . 
  thanks for the link , but it merely serves to cover up the insubstantiality of the dimwitted emotionalism you are going for in your comment . 
  i 've actually already addressed your concern . 
  `` i do n't get the drama in this thread . 
  the law changes are obviously not aimed at finland . 
  finland now files reservations , eu has to react by making a specific exception . 
  the eu can only act after reservations have been filed , it goes the official way . 
  really no reason for the bitchy-ass tone and snarky comments . '', 
  amateurish appeals to emotions like `` mothers , fathers ... '' etc and hysterical bullshit like `` the terrorists won , i 'm a victim !, 
  i 'm a victim '' is entirely exaggerated at this point as well , allthough i would say that these comments already belong to the ones i called out above . 
  also what 's with the votebrigade ? 
  is there like a subreddit of butthurt finns ... is it the common gun nut on reddit overreacting again ? 
  you got some friends from one of those guntard echochambers on here to help you out ? 
  these laws close a few existing loopholes and try to deal with the problem that online-trading is . 
  it 's mainly about decommissioned firearms that were repaired again and then used . 
  you see , what 's considered a decommissioned weapon is very different from country to country , a law dealing with this matter will naturally have quite the general definition of what has to be banned . 
  decommissioned and reactivated guns have been used in paris , in the thalys attack and in the attacks on charlie hebdo . 
  these laws are mainly aimed at eastern europe 's shady as shit gun market and the problem is a bit bigger than the feelings of the average bj\u00f6rn korhonen who thinks he gets punished for being a great little hunter . 
  first of all the nra is not the only pro-gun organization , it 's simply the most prominent . 
  secondly the lobbyism of the gun industry is n't limited to supporting what the nra does . 
  the nra is simply there to cater to the feelings of the average american gun nut , but what really matters is the financial influence in washington . 
  that influence is without a doubt there if it 's not even possible to get proper research on the topic on the way . 
  horseshit , the us has n't tighten their gun laws in forever .
