  the gun lobby is way too powerful for that , there is a lot of money in this . 
  i do n't get the drama in this thread . 
  the law changes are obviously not aimed at finland . 
  finland now files reservations , eu has to react by making a specific exception . 
  the eu can only act after reservations have been filed , it goes the official way . 
  really no reason for the bitchy-ass tone and snarky comments . 
  you are again moving the goal post . 
  muslims are not the only ones who mass market ideas hostile to the west , that 's a fact . 
   i am not central african aand hence ( blindingly obviously ) care less about that . 
  the irony . 
   also , i am ignorant but you think islam is a race ? 
  it 's actually hilarious how dumbasses like you bring up this perceived counter point every time they are called out on their bigotted mindset . 
  it 's like you would be sayin `` well , i 'm a generalizing asswipe who discriminates against millions of people , but i 'm not * that * kind of generalizing asswipe who discriminates against millions of people . '', 
  just because you do n't like to be called a racist . 
  if the shoe fits , fucking wear it . 
  here is the wiki-entry on this topic and it explains the term `` racism '' through the ages . 
  obviously the meaning of the term was always influenced by the zeitgeist , the social and cultural context of the specific time period . 
  you see , the term race itself changed over time , obviously it had completely different meanings in the eugenics era of the 19th and 20st century compared to today where the discoveries in the field of genetics redefined the term almost entirely . 
  * in sociology and psychology , some definitions include only consciously malignant forms of discrimination . 
  [ 4 ] [ 5 ] some definitions of racism also include discriminatory behaviors and beliefs based on cultural , national , ethnic , caste , or religious stereotypes . 
  [ 2 ] [ 6 ] one view holds that racism is best understood as ` prejudice plus power ' because without the support of political or economic power , prejudice would not be able to manifest as a pervasive cultural , institutional or social phenomenon . 
  [ 7 ] [ 8 ] [ 9 ] while race and ethnicity are considered to be separate phenomena in contemporary social science , the two terms have a long history of equivalence in popular usage and older social science literature . 
  racism and racial discrimination are often used to describe discrimination on an ethnic or cultural basis , independent of whether these differences are described as racial . 
  according to the united nations convention , there is no distinction between the terms racial discrimination and ethnic discrimination , superiority based on racial differentiation is scientifically false , morally condemnable , socially unjust and dangerous , and there is no justification for racial discrimination , in theory or in practice , anywhere . 
   maybe it does . 
  events matter after all . 
  yet that does not mean one should not react to reality ( duh ) . 
  what a pile of horseshit . 
  you claimed only muslims were hostile towards western ideas on a bigger scale . 
  i refuted that point by addressing the reality of anti-western anti-homosexual propaganda in russia . 
  there are other examples of counterculture around the globe . 
  take north korea as another example . 
  i do n't get your boner for china either , but i simply do n't give a shit at this point to be honest . 
  apparently the world exists only of the western world and china . 
  a bad strawman is a bad strawman , but at least you do n't see it happening that china becomes a new ww2 germany ... the fuck that has to do with any of this is something you probably do n't even know . 
   right now muslims seem the angriest according to simple-minded closet-racists on the internet at least . 
  the world is full of conflicts , muslims are simply the most propagated enemy image these days in this region of the planet . 
  a few weeks ago this subreddit was talking about ww3 between the usa+eu and russia . 
  blaming muslims worldwide and especially the refugees that are fleeing from their war-torn countries for the atrocities committed by isis is about as intelligent as blaming catholics worldwide and the vatican for the atrocities that are committed in the central african republic by christians . 
  you know ... genocide . 
  no it simply does n't if you make very general claims about how only muslims are hostile . 
  there are plenty of countercultures out there that are hostile to the west . 
  you know what most of them have in common though ? 
  the west is n't bombing their countries . 
  that 's however the case in the middle east . 
  give it some time and the enemy image you are parroting changes again . 
   sheesh i guess next you 'll rank china being anti-democracy as similar to isis being theocratic too . 
  yeah , or just make some shit up . 
  who says the counterculture has to be the exact same ? 
  `` hostile ideas '' is pretty fucking general . 
  yeah , nice try . 
  something something goalpost . 
  wait ... you think only muslims push mass market ideas hostile to the west ? 
  oh boy , there are a lot more countercultures out there than you think . 
  take the russian stance on homosexuality for instance that is strictly tied to an anti-western propaganda . 
  well definitely not in the way the average joe shmoe in this thread tries to imply . 
  these refugees are in so far related to terrorism in general as they are the most obvious victims of the situation in their homecountries and the main targets of attacks , but you sure as fuck do n't care about a guy suicidebombing a crowd of 50 people somewhere in syria . 
  either way , you simply ca n't generalize muslims and you ca n't place millions of people under general suspicion because one guy who used to pray to the same god blew him up here in the western world . 
  mixing the immigration debate with the anti-terrorism debate is straight up asinine and a cheap attempt to cater to the fears and the ignorance of the political right . 
   look , you ca n't even read . 
  `` we '' clearly refers to `` us germans '' . 
  haha . 
   sorry , but most actually do say shit like that . 
  source : your ass . 
   if anyone would actually say that then we would n't be doing it !, 
  who is `` we '' ? 
  you and an imaginary group of like-minded imbeciles ? 
  the media reports on the issues this crisis causes every day . 
  nobody is sugarcoating anything . 
  most news you hear since months are negative . 
  confirmation bias , that 's your problem and since idiots like you are of course constantly called out on their ignorance you developed this gigantic victim complex . 
   fact of the matter is that seehofer and most mayors warn merkel for months now , but she still does n't get it and we have to clean up her mess . 
  seehofer is an idiot . 
  merkel is fully aware of the frictions and issues this causes , but apparently she is willing to make this step . 
  i bet it 's hard for you to wrap your head around this , but the reaction of the average pleb aka you is actually quite predictable . 
  it 's calculated . 
  you do n't clean up anything , you 're sitting in your armchair spreading reactionary bullshit on the internet . 
   who doubts the refugee paradise described in them sorry but i ca n't take you seriously if you say shit like this . 
  nobody ever claimed this situation was going to be easy . 
  no one , even the hardest pro asyl folks call this immigrant-crisis a problem for the next century ... the difference is , they believe we can actually do something about it if we do n't resort to inane generalisations of these refugees . 
  also , talking about having read article xy seems to be the common concept these days in this subreddit . 
  you do n't even have to add anything substantial , you just claim the whole media was brainwishing us and the circlejerk of retards here strokes your cock for it . 
  `` i 'm totally oppressed the whole time i swear . '', 
  totally irrelevant to the reality at hand . 
  no one pretends that the cultural clash was n't happening . 
  guess i worded that unclear . 
  they are the biggest group of immigrants we receive , easily twice as big as the next group and syrians are actually the ones who are most likely to be granted asylum and to stay . 
  so they indeed are the folks you should be most afraid of . 
  second biggest group of immigrants is from kosovo , not a country that is known for female genital mutilation either . 
  in fact female genital mutilation is not even a exclusively islamic tradition . 
  plenty of western african nations practice it does n't matter which religion ... those are however not the ones who are sending all those immigrants that are eligible for asylum . 
  the dumbest stereotypes and clich\u00e9 talking points you could 've come up with . 
  this sub really is overun by stormfront dimwits . 
  `` remove yourself '' pahahaha . 
  most immigrants we get are from syria , that 's why . 
  ohyeah sure , imbeciles like you will always be victims of the fearmongering , does n't matter which century . 
  tons of stereotypes and appeals to emotion . 
  `` all syrians are rapists '' etc. 
  geez , syria is n't even one of those countries where genital mutilation is common . 
  it 's probably as common as in turkey ... muslim minorities .
