  the amount of money that is transfered that way often even outstrips the foreign aid these countries receive . 
  `` so how do we benefit from that ? '', 
  would the average shortsighted egoist ask now . 
  well , that way we are actually closer to dealing with the actual problem . 
  social and economic issues in the countries these people are coming from are the core of the problem . 
  the far and the moderate right only care about the symptoms , but they entirely fail to comprehend the root of the issues we will be dealing with in the next century . 
  oh and it 's not just those `` damn muslims '' . 
  it 's a lack of education , it 's the dominant role of the western world and it 's the ignorance of the average citizen here that causes these issues ... because we do n't even care enough about who we sell weapons to and what our corporations in general pull off in those countries etc. 
  that 's bullshit . 
  there are plenty of ways to criticise current immigration policies . 
  the tone matters a lot and many racists actually do indeed hide behind an anti-stance regarding immigration these days . 
  the guy above makes pretty clear who his enemy image is . 
  you might not believe it yourself , but there are plenty of reasons to actually take refugees from war-torn countries in without having to fear to be called a nazi . 
  this whole playing the victim of political correctness is also a rather cheap attempt of the far right to divert from the shit they spout . 
  like the fear-mongering of the far right was n't emotion-based . 
  lol . 
  ca n't take people seriously that claim the `` system collapses '' . 
  you 're a modern day doomsayer . 
   if you 're simply referring to relations since the 1960s . 
  but that 's obviously not the 2011 military intervention . 
  most airstrikes were british and french : yeah and again you try to ignore the geo-political circumstances that led to the intervention . 
  you act like the french suddenly decided to bomb the country in 2011 , in a complete vacuum . 
  now they bombed more according to you , but that does n't refute my point at all . 
  on top of that the french have been in libya due to their involvement in the nato , just like the brits and the canadians . 
  the us is widely known for destabilizing countries in the middle east and north africa through economical power . 
  that 's a fact . 
  since the late 1950s the us decided to become the main hegemon in the arab world and throughout the cold war the us has been intervening , in order to protect own financial interests and in order to undermine the `` communist threat '' , soviet attempts to gain power . 
  they directly and indirectly created the issues the whole western world sees itself confronted with today . 
  again the western intervention did n't happen in a vacuum . 
  groups like al quaeda did n't really care about country borders , when they were toppled the power vacuum caused the domino-effect known as the arab spring . 
  also and i ca n't believe that i have to say this , but the french obviously do n't represent all of europe . 
   i think that there are a number of people in europe , particularly on the left side of things , who comfortably file all military actions under `` the us inscrutably going out and doing things and europe getting dragged in '' . 
  it 's unfortunately true in most cases . 
  rome is protecting its limes and promising benefits to every little city-state that sides with the empire . 
   the us coming in to support europe it 's not too much to ask for that you support us cleaning up your mess , thank you very much . 
   we do n't blame iraq on you , even though european countries came in to aid the us when the us asked them to do so now that would be hilarious . 
  again , geo-politics are a bit more complex than you want to admit . 
  there is always a backstory , a bigger picture . 
  but reality has a leftist bias i guess . 
   same , it seems to me , should go for europe not blaming the us on libya . 
  the nato protects mostly american interests . 
  it 's not a surprise that obama was one of the biggest supporters of the interventions in libya . 
  bullshit , libya and especially gadaffi became an issue to the us once gadaffi nationalized the oil industry . 
   any real study on the roma as an ethnicity would have cared to mention that : they live in ghettos because they choose to . 
  they do n't send their children to school , because they see no use for it . 
  they are n't trusted by the rest of the populace , because they are notorious when it comes to petty crime , assaults and some , usually their `` kings '' , are pretty big players in the organized crime scene . 
  source : your ass . 
  you just validated your racism . 
  good job . 
  what a fucking clown you are . 
  first of all do me a favour and look at a map , libya is in africa ... that 's hardly europes backyard . 
  and then it 's especially funny that you mention libya since again american interests caused the issues there in the first place . 
  let 's also not forget , that we all look back at the us intervention in libya today and have to realize that the situation has gone from bad to worse . 
  it 's the same shit the us pulled over and over again during the last decades , destabilizing whole countries for personal profits on the basis of some half-assed and made up moral reason . 
  leaving behind a power vacuum resulting in millions of dead people etc. 
  even the experts look back at the situation in libya today and have to admit that mitigating some potential mass killings did n't outweigh the long term negative effects the intervention had . 
  europe is stable with or without the us . 
  this is the 21st century , the wars europe is fighting and the enemies europe has are us made . 
  i looked at your first link : turns out there never was an article in the spiegel that `` called for more funding for the bundeswehr '' . 
  [ this is the article ] ( http://www.spiegel.de/international/europe/germany-impedes-eu-privacy-efforts-despite-outrage-at-nsa-spying-a-930488.html ) that belongs to the headline your link is talking about . 
  then you link to some inane nationalist echochambers and blogs ... well , thanks for that i guess . 
  one spiegel article that talks about how old the equipment is and how other allies spend more . 
  fair enough , does n't convince me that all the spending is necessary though . 
  i mean you might be fine with the fact that your country is profiting from wars around this globe ... i think that 's rather ethically questionable . 
  there are plenty of more important goals that can be reached with different approaches . 
  many places like that around the globe the us does n't give a shit about . 
  saddam was merely the scapegoat at the end of the day . 
  oh and let 's not forget that the us did everything in their power to create that monster . 
  i mean let 's be real for a second , americans do n't care about the iraqi people . 
  up to 500k iraqis died due to the sanctions alone in the last decades , the average american citizen does n't even talk about that . 
  probably does n't even know . 
  the nato protects mostly american interests . 
  first of all you do n't simply refute articles by calling them biased . 
  secondly , at no point in time did i make this about skin colour . 
  do n't project your blatant ignorance on me . 
  you were the first one to talk about `` brown people '' or `` poles not being brown enough '' . 
  well , here is the point i made over and over in this joke of a conversation . 
  discrimination does n't simply happen based on skin-colour . 
  there are way more differences than that . 
  i will provide you with an opportunity to learn something here : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/romani_people good luck . 
  try not to get a seizure by using your brain for once . 
   and what is this so called discrimination that those poor romans experience on a daily basis ? 
  [ wallowing yourself in denial is hardly the answer to anything . 
  ] ( http://www.theeuropean-magazine.com/dessislava-kirova/8466-discrimination-against-roma-in-europe )  back your claims with some facts instead of throwing around buzz words while boasting how smart you are http://www.amnesty.eu/en/news/press-releases/eu/discrimination/roma/#.vmsludlhddc never claimed i was smarter than anyone . 
  you are the one completely ignoring reality though and that in the most amateurish way possible . 
  sorry that i appear to be looking down on you , but how am i supposed to not sound condescending when i have to call you out on your blatant ignorance ? 
   that is , unless they 're not brown enough for you to pass as a minority . 
  you 're the one who now made this about skin colour , well done . 
  are you honestly suggesting that the factor that makes roma different from other groups is their skin colour ? 
  sorry to say that , but that 's fucking dense and borderline racist . 
  that 's not an unrelated question at all . 
  i gave you a chance to clarify your statement and support your point that being roma and being polish is totally the same . 
  apples and oranges , like i said above . 
  are you honestly implying there is no difference between poles and roma ? 
  well , for starters one of the groups mentioned above is distributed among numerous countries with no clear homeland . 
  they are basically modern day nomads . 
  the roma suffer from discrimination pretty much everywhere they go in europe , especially in eastern europe . 
  i 'm aware of how the roma are treated in bulgaria by the way , so your ignorance is n't all too suprising . 
  and by the way , a polish dude in germany will benefit from the same laws that protect the roma guy from discrimination . 
  it may be different when it comes to deportation since it 's not always clear where to send them and whether or not it 's ethically correct to send them into a society where they are heavily discriminated against .
