  our old colonies :( ( ( ( ( ( ( ( ( ( ( ( ( ( ( ( ( ( ( ( (, 
  yeah . 
  this way both the rich and the poor get hurt . 
  the rich sell less , because they have to increase prices . 
  and the poor buy less , because there are higher prices . 
  and who profits ? 
  the government . 
  income taxes are certainly one of the worst ever created . 
  every tax you put on the rich will be moved onto the poor . 
  if you make a seller pay 30 % of his income as taxes , he will immediately make his products 30 % more expensive , and it 's the poor who will pay for this . 
  taxes just do not work this way , i 'm sorry . 
  oh yes , they could . 
  they could decide that they are superior jews and not let anyone else in . 
  or superior germans . 
  or superior murzyns !, 
  it 's the owners property , and he can serve whoever the f * ck he wants !, 
  just like a girl can decline a guy she does n't like , a restaurant owner can not serve anyone he does n't like !, 
  it 's as simple . 
  it does , however , impose a minimum 15 % vat tax . 
  i noticed that i got a lot better karma while having an eu flag flair and just being the same asshole i usually am, 
  * there is no lah but allah . 
  that 's all you can say ? 
  ahh , typical homo defender . 
  absolutely no argument , just follow the idiotic majority . 
  the cool thing is : the majority 's interests will change , and you will change your opinions too . 
  you do n't defend lgbt because you have been convinced with logical arguments . 
  you defend it simply because the majority does . 
  you are nothing more than an untermensh . 
  surrender to allah , unbelievers . 
  is it true you were in the communist party of denmark, 
  no , i do not . 
  you know , you have been raised in socialism , where everything has to be registered to the country . 
  if i am the dictator , there will be no country-marriage . 
  you can just marry whoever you want , however you want . 
  you can do whatever the hell you want to your body , you can take , buy & sell whichever drugs you want ... it really does n't matter to me - i believe in free people , not slaves with some rights like `` homo marriage '' . 
  just ... keep it private . 
  who said straight people can do it ? 
  if i would be the dictator , i would punish normal couples just as hard for bragging about their sexuality in public . 
  i do n't care whether you are normal or homo , or trans or ... whatever there is lol . 
  just do n't bring it out to the public , end of story . 
  not that holding hands is very sexual , i 'm rather talking about kissing and stuff . 
  you talked about a restaurant . 
  well , a restaurant is someones private property , and it 's up to the owner to decide whether he will tolerate it or not . 
  he can either not care about it , kick you out , kick all homos out , or even kick all normal people out , and only accept homos . 
  he can accept whoever the hell he wants into his restaurant , it 's his property . 
  i said that i do not care about what someone does in their private life . 
  just do n't bring it out to public and that 's it . 
  you equaled public to private through saying that `` i care about what they do in public , so i automatically care about what they do in private '' . 
  ahh , the communist . 
  nothing is private , everything is public . 
  right ? 
  then create your own damn f * cking religion and marry another man , i do n't care about your private life . 
  just do n't brag about your sexuality in public and everything is fine . 
  `` respect of human rights , full equality '' what do you mean by `` inequality '' ? 
  neither a homo nor a normal man can marry another man . 
  both can marry a woman . 
  that 's very equal , i do n't see any inequality . 
  poland often uses a narrator , basically just a guy who is a bit louder than the original soundtrack and translates everything the characters say . 
  it may seem idiotic , but it 's really awesome . 
  better than dubbing . 
  way better . 
  sample : http://youtu.be/q1otf6c7tda?t=45m48s, 
  `` modern islamic communities '' nice try . 
  you can call putin an asshole , a piece of shit and such ... 
  but the is a perfectly healthy man . 
  calling him mad shows that you are mad , not him . 
  `` and kill them wherever you find them , and turn them out from where they have turned you out . 
  and al-fitnah [ disbelief ] is worse than killing ... '' is a sufficient reason for hating someone . 
  how do you know you are on the right side ? 
  during ww2 , germans were 100 % convinced they are on the right side , during the cold war , russians were 100 % convinced they were on the right side . 
  today , north koreans are 100 % convinced they are on the right side . 
  how do you know if the west is the right side this time ? 
  new russia sanctions will hit poland on sunday !, 
  this proves that people only read the title and not the actual article . 
  they are going to attack russia with all their tanks . 
  which basically means there 'll be peace lol, 
  the daily mall ? 
  hungary, 
  mhm , i guess the rebels in ukraine are n't seperatist ? 
  lol edit : 112 upvotes after i changed my flair to eu . 
  usually it 's -112 lol, 
  zoryz mje szlok josny trofi if you would put a sign in every place where something was n't built because of the eu , there would be a ** lot ** more signs . 
  looks like they need some polish ubernmenshen, 
  1,140 europeans :(, 
  says the one who downvotes everything he dislikes . 
  i noticed that there is a growing population of people like me on this sub . 
  which is awesome . 
  op is a russian troll who just wants to make all ukrainians seem like absolute idiots . 
  a quick look at your profile shows that you are exactly as stupid as i am , but on the exactly opposite side . 
  we 're so backwards hows hoohwofvpkdfopkdopbd , bdfopdc, 
  i also want other political flairs , not just `` anarchy '' lol . 
  `` economic growth '' [ lol ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4ikltfop-wk ), 
  they should do the same thing china did a few decades ago . 
  they could really get richer and stronger than the south . 
  welcome to democracy , where 51 % rules the remaining 49 % . 
  add cabbage add meat add tomato pasta add mushrooms \u0141ubudubd\u0141du\u0141budb\u0141bdubd leave outside for the night enjoy the holy bigos, 
  bigos with mushrooms . 
  been in the forest today checking out if they are there already . 
  spent an hour picking 'em up before it got dark , got three buckets . 
  going to be a lot of mushroom bigos .
