  i 'm polish and it 's not a racist attack . 
  what is the point ? 
  we have nato . 
  it 's just giving more authority to the eu which has proven to be opposed to the independence of individual states ( look at how they are trying to punish hungary and poland for refusing to take in refugees ) . 
  nothing like a warm reunion :(, 
  omg you are still here , wot !, 
  i remember you from like four-five years ago :d xkenq , remember ? 
  an argument to what ? 
  you blamed the victims for defending themselves . 
  this does n't need counterarguments , this needs to be laughed at . 
  you are a joke . 
  everything i said was also korwin 's opinion :d, 
  no they do not . 
  you do n't simply find people with exactly the same disabilities . 
  you create categories to fit as many of them as possible . 
  i do n't understand how my feelings about ukraine are related to what i wrote . 
  that is my opinion about the idea of paralympics . 
  the same is also true for women 's running . 
  the less female you are , the higher the chance of winning . 
  these olympics have shown it perfectly . 
  no idea what you are talking about mate . 
  they are the least * para * . 
  that 's it . 
  the brutal truth is that the paraolympics are n't about sports ... they are about who is the least disabled . 
  kind of like chess for imbeciles is about who is the least imbecilic . 
  you do n't see anything wrong with two naked guys pretending to have sex in public ? 
  public sexual acts are immoral . 
  i have nothing against equality parades but certainly not like this , it 's bullshit . 
  oh man here we go estonia is polan province !!, 
  consequences like what ? 
  is russia facing any ? 
  why would n't it ? 
  the world is n't perfect , stop trusting everyone or they 're gon na use it . 
  does n't quite work if the ones who lived there are n't still alive . 
  of course we should , what 's weird about it ? 
  that 's what geopolitics are . 
  except for some special cases ( hungary for us ) every country you are neighboring has to be considered an enemy . 
  and ? 
  his name :p, 
  it does work . 
  you are aware you can buy your own plot of land ? 
  k , * gypsy *, 
  i 'm talking in european standards :p, 
  if someone forcefully throws you out of you house and moves in , would n't you say he does n't have any right to be there ? 
  * wings shaking *, 
  well do they ? 
  i 'm actually more of a minarchist . 
  i use the term anarchocapitalist because it is more widely understood and not much off . 
  what you do n't understand is that there are no morals in foreign relations , just business . 
  the world is not perfect ... and either you eat the weaker or they eat you . 
  but we do have even a moral right to lw\u00f3w ... and we are strong enough to reclaim it . 
  the geopolitical situation changed and now ukraine ( like every neighboring country ) is our enemy . 
  they took the land from us by force . 
  they have no right to it . 
  yeah , currently it is a real pleasure to travel by train in poland . 
  even the oldest ones ( tlk ) are decent . 
  eic and eip are mindblowing if you remember how bad it was just 15 years ago . 
  warsaw  everything else, 
  and in warsaw kurwaaa !, 
  wow romania is like ... really poor . 
  but i have serious faith in this country . 
  `` oh you 're such a pretty boy '', 
  fuck yeah my favorite show ever it 's so insanely stupid it 's hilarious look how they portrayed homosexuals https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kyyaruu-3gc&amp;feature=youtu.be&amp;t=12m24s, 
  the best possible music for such a video . 
  did you seriously just say that ? 
  you are trying to push your ideology with fancy words and simple pretending . 
  you basically keep repeating the exact same thing without addressing the facts . 
  i do n't know how many polish children there were before the war , but 200.000 certainly ca n't be called a small percentage . 
  200.000 is a small percentage ? 
  no , that was his excuse to invade us . 
  he did , however , secretly import polish children into germany for german families to raise . 
  hitler , as opposed to what you might think , was n't racist towards poles . 
  he hated the nation but not because he considered poles `` subhuman '' . 
  he referred to all of the polish youth . 
  the exclamation marks do n't mean shit in this context . 
  and how does racism play a role in whites beating whites ? 
  you blamed patriots . 
  also , how is racism even relevant here ? 
  the current situation in the country is that patriotism is in fashion , and so 90 % of the youth will declare themselves nationalist . 
  i hope you 're joking mate . 
  this is no better from saying `` refugees strike again '' when a terrorist attack happens . 
  seriously man , you 're offending pretty much all of poland . 
  very positive . 
  i live in the opolskie voivodeship with around 10 % german population , by far the most in poland , and there are absolutely no issues when it comes to ethnicity . 
  i 'm very sorry for the source , but it 's the only english article i found about it . 
  i am absolutely sure because my ... what seriously i am not sure at all , just realized that it 's entirely possible considering that my grandparents were born during the war , one side in volhynia and the other somewhere near slovakia ... 
  sadly no , i am 100 % polish since at least four generations . 
  also means cheaper products . 
  unless the government decides to raise taxes again . 
  if someone does the same job just as good but for lower pay then that 's good . 
  very good . 
  feels so fucking good, 
  yeah once when hitchhiking my driver was a ukrainian trucker and he was an incredibly nice person . 
  a bit old fashioned but in the positive way . 
  he looked kinda like reznov from call of duty , even had the beard . 
  he was his age and actually had a similar voice . 
  combined with his accent ( ukrainians and russians sound pretty much the same to us ) i felt like i was about to escape vorkuta . 
  it 's quite a satisfying feeling that we are a target for immigration . 
  i always wanted to know how it felt like living in such countries as germany or the uk with such huge immigration . 
  now i know .
