  did you know europe pays four times as much for gas as the usa or china ? 
  australia is a wealthy economy , 15 $ / hour is n't any important factor to consider , because people are anyway used to being paid more for their hard work . 
  idiots who demand a minimum pay of for example 15pln in poland are obvious fools who have no idea of economy . 
  during work , people need to work , do whatever their employers tell them to do . 
  that is not slavery , that is a contract signed by both sides . 
  after work people are free people , they can do whatever they want with their money , even drugs and shit . 
  they are free , they can decide whatever they want to do with their life and with their children . 
  right now , in the times of slavery , parents ca n't even decide to what school they want their children to go . 
  i am advocating slavery ? 
  i am the supporter of freedom above everything , i hate slavery , our whole new right movement is based around removing every form of slavery , that is our main point and goal . 
  pretty good move , our guys just left the room :(, 
  ahahahahaha , are you even real ?!? 
  xd did you just escape a mental hospital ? 
  i just ca n't believe what you just said ... 
  i ca n't believe how brainwashed people are ... 
  higher minimum wage = more unemployment , higher prices . 
  there should n't be no minimum wage of any sort . 
  we 've found a very possible hypothesis that it is just about slovakia not exporting any food . 
  need further research . 
  yeah , you are kinda right . 
  fascists can be `` fixed '' , they are a little bit better than pure socialists . 
  or in merkel 's europe ... 
  yes , fascist leftist . 
  both are socialist , and both believe in the the masses rather than in the humans . 
  both want `` rights '' instead of freedom . 
  the only real difference between them is that antifa admit they are leftist , while fascists pretend to be right , but they are n't . 
  does n't matter , both antifa and any form of fascists are leftist pieces of shit . 
  that a possibility . 
  because everyone knows poland is eastern europe , while slovakia is n't . 
  knp has 10 % support , and it is a party that wants to blow up the eu parliament . 
  so , yeah , they do hate the eu . 
  yes , 11 % is a very high amount . 
  yes , a very high percent of poles do hate the eu . 
  yes , that certainly does explain why hundreds of christians do n't die every day in islamic countries slaughtered by islamists . 
  ugh , someone saying the absolute , undeniable truth , like 2 + 2 = 4 gets downvoted on this sub ... such a rare view . 
  lol . 
  yes , the quran is very similar to mein kampf , verses like `` and kill them wherever you find them , and turn them out from where they have turned you out . 
  and al-fitnah [ disbelief ] is worse than killing ... '' are self explanatory . 
  one judicial system , one flag , one anthem , athletes under one flag , one bank , one currency ... sounds great !, 
  i 'm so happy that uncle hitler finally gets what he always wanted . 
  this just means korwin-mikke was right all the time , we are ruled by the same thieves , and iiirp is a country designed from the basics to steal and rob . 
  or just kick them out what 's the problem with that plan ? 
  you have it great , they are everywhere in warsaw ; /, 
  is the center full of homeless people at night ? 
   i am a liberal ** socialist ** you are doing a really good job at being human !, 
  even though i am far right , +1 . 
  true !, 
  i meant absolute values though . 
  my point was how small estonia is in general . 
  30 % of estonians live in tallinn , 4 % of poles live in warsaw . 
  and warsaw alone has 125 % of estonia 's population . 
  and it 's still quite a small capital , 400k people . 
  where is my russian money gib it to me, 
  i do n't think i understand why it 's not on topic ... it 's about europe , what 's wrong with it ? 
  no shit dude, 
  angela merkel , francois hollande , donald tusk , juncker ... 
  i 'm sad i do n't live in america as i have been telling you the last couple weeks - wo n't stump the trump !, 
  hagia sophia is no mosque :( gib constantinople, 
  not just talking about space exploration , there are talks of opening a new silk road with its main center in poland . 
  no fan of the new government , but i like what they are doing with china . 
  the holodomor was an unbelievable crime . 
  after we work out what 's wrong , they wo n't crash anymore . 
  that alone will save tremendous amounts of money . 
  landing rockets is currently the best thing we can do to limit the costs . 
  as long as we do n't have any ssto vehicles , that 's what we 're stuck with . 
  members with life threatening health problems ? 
  wot it was about 14 % ukrainians, 
  too many . 
  having a granny who had a granny who had a granny whose second husband 's cow was bought from a pole certainly is n't enough to give someone a pole 's card . 
  of course it 's not as severe as this example , but it 's far too easy to get . 
  this is surprisingly clever, 
  look , no matter how you describe them , they are robbery . 
  no matter how you describe murder , it is murder . 
  no , they protect themselves from you robbing them . 
  because lowering taxes does n't even come into discussion, 
  if they wanted to they would . 
  the stop abortion project was a citizen one . 
  this is so hilariously stupid , even knowing how retarded pis is i am surprised . 
  pis is n't conservative . 
  you wo n't stump the trump though , no matter how hard you try . 
  would be same as all the other classical european cities . 
  why ? 
  one of the few european capitals i really want to visit one day . 
  always nice seeing such polls . 
  trump loves us too, 
  i did n't even understand what he said, 
  you should look for an english teacher . 
  you do realize hitler was elected fully democratically and germany 's rightful monarch opposed the jewish pogroms the entire time ? 
  til i 'm a nazi, 
  have you read the article ? 
  it only applies to people older than 16 . 
  all marriages below 16 will be dissolved . 
  or mongolia for that matter , what about mongolia !, 
  welcome to the real world, 
  how anyone can even consider forcing churches to do that is beyond me . 
  the whole concept of democracy is uncivilized . 
  all democratic countries we see today are in absolutely awful condition , even switzerland . 
  monarchy is the most civilized form of government and that 's why one could call all of europe turkmenistan , going by your terms . 
  the majority chose the ones who should rule every four years and they always do end up ruling . 
  i think that 's what one would consider democracy , but whatever .
