  today one famous actress who previously supported this protest said that she only read the bill now and that the whole protest is bullshit and she no longer supports it . 
  i heard it is easier to get richer for the ones who are already rich than for the poor . 
  but what do i know ... 
  great counterargument . 
  you lost . 
  yeah obviously it gathered 20k . 
  dude that 's how much the one in warsaw gathered , if not less . 
  wroclaw is three times smaller . 
  while the independence march in warsaw alone was well over 100k last year . 
  and i 'm in favor of a status quo when it comes to abortion laws , do n't put that on me . 
  absolutely , that 's why there was n't a single accident in 2015 , right after the new government took over . 
  nope , there are independence marches in all cities . 
  the largest one is in warsaw , but it 's one of many . 
  still far , far fewer than nationalistic independence marches every year . 
  some people really want to see the parliament burn, 
  romania should change its name, 
  the onr is a very tiny minority . 
  we can not stop them from participating . 
  the vast majority of participants are regular people who celebrate independence . 
  i participated in the last two marches and like 95 % of the people i 've seen were just regular poles . 
  i have even seen an asian march right next to me . 
  independence marches are ultra nationalistic ? 
  12k grandpas in a 40 million country, 
  i generally agree with you on this . 
  and i never had a clue why people were against in vitro . 
  how does a priest supporting it make religion the main cause ? 
  look , i 've been atheist and later agnostic for the last 5 years and i still have huge objections towards abortion . 
  for instance , what if the scientists are wrong ? 
  what if life begins sooner than at 12 weeks and we are actually * killing people * ? 
  scientists keep discovering new stuff all the time , what if one day they discover that life begins at , say , 8 weeks ? 
  i would n't be able to forgive myself ever having supported abortion . 
  i really do n't see how this is related to religion . 
  why would you even need a 1000 $ sleeping bag . 
  i 'm a hitchhiker too and i just bought an used netherlands army sleeping back for about 20 $ ... and i do n't need anything more , it 's perfect . 
  exactly my opinion . 
  razem are hidden communists . 
  [ here is one of their leaders posing with a marx shirt , communist flags , anarchocommunist flags and che guevara flags a few years ago ] ( http://i.imgur.com/efb1seq.jpg ) . 
  i do not agree with these changes either . 
  at all . 
  but razem certainly is not a party to associate yourself with . 
  i 'm sorry for wearing black today , i was n't aware ... 
  oh . . alright then !, 
  happy independence day , but this is n't r/asia, 
  call me a conspiratard , but it 's becoming more and more clear to me that it 's done on purpose . 
  put national socialists on the far right end , put internationalist socialists on the far left end ... and you 've eliminated capitalists from the debate . 
  it 's only about whether socialism should be conservative or progressive . 
  then libertarians are left wing and communists are far right ? 
  all of it is outdated though . 
  except for the strasburger part . 
  but i appreciate the effort !, 
  which is a good thing :d he is reddit 's szumlewicz, 
  well at least he claims he is . 
  perhaps he is n't like that in real life . 
  anyway , it pleases me very much to think he represents that party :d, 
  / u/rwnorthpole well he 's from the razem party . 
  it 's not my opinion , he talks about it on r/polska all the time . 
  and yes , i am a crazy libertarian but it 's irrelevant here . 
  [ i mean seriously ] ( https://i.redd.it/3b346r2xh5hx.png ), 
  i simply believe that romania grew not thanks to minimum wage but despite minimum wage . 
  but i really do n't feel like discussing this on reddit is a good idea , we all know how it ends . 
  i know i ca n't , but i feel like minimum wage is too much to be discussed on reddit :p, 
  free market reforms . 
  who would 've guessed ... 
  to me , the only logical left/right scale is tied to economic beliefs . 
  as in - model leftwing is communist and model rightwing is anarchocapitalist . 
  still , a two axis scale is way better and should be used instead of the traditional one . 
  we can agree on that , 
  they are growing pretty much exponentially with every new release . 
  they were a really tiny studio before tw1 . 
  guy is batshit crazy , i 'm sorry for him . 
  you can have left wing traditionalists just as well , it just is n't fair . 
  guy is a communist . 
  he is known on r/polska for being retarded when it comes to anything western or capitalist . 
  why do you call them right wingers ? 
  i do realize that from my posts you might get the impression that i 'm anti-ukrainian , but i 'm really not . 
  i 'm against the current ukrainian state , as in , the government , which praises murderers . 
  i do , however , believe that ukrainians deserve their own independent state . 
  i really was anti-ukrainian and hated everything ukrainian until i actually met some a few months back . 
  i realized that it 's ( mostly ) not the people who praise szuchevycz , but the government which uses the lack of knowledge about the events in volhynia to stay in power . 
  of course there are some retards who actually support it , but hey , such people exist in every country , we have onr for instance . 
  they can do the same thing now though . 
  no , oligarchs would hate a free market . 
  i 'm talking about real capitalism , where the government has no way to interfere . 
  ^ ^ ^ ^ and ^ ^ ^ ^ jkm ^ ^ ^ ^ is ^ ^ ^ ^ a ^ ^ ^ ^ god, 
  i am on mobile now so i 'll write a longer answer later , but i did n't say ukrainians are dumb . 
  i said the exact opposite - that they are n't . 
  reading my post now , well yeah , it was n't written very well . 
  what i meant was that someone could think `` oh ukraine is always so poor , they must be dumb af '' and that 's not the case at all . 
  short answer : they can long answer : they can if they do the same thing we did in the early 90 's - completely open up the market . 
  they are 162nd on the economic freedom ranking ( north korea is 178 , so not much difference really ) , it 's fucking insane . 
  no wonder they are such a poor country . 
  call me a crazy capitalist , i do n't care , but the truth is that they are n't poor because they are dumb , they are n't poor because of russia , they are n't poor because they have to be , they are poor because they have always been ruled by socialists . 
  i am a realist, 
  hello my friend, 
  and even my post is there !, 
  i 'm not talking about that either . 
  i 'm talking about who he wrote about and for . 
  good thing they did . 
  mickiewicz is exclusively polish tho . 
  no , because i 'm not biased .
