  warsaw will become one hell of a city . 
  and look how much the city has changed since it was completely destroyed during the war : https://c5.staticflickr.com/9/8776/28887185476_75ca95af8e_o.jpg, 
  yeah but who included it as an option in the first place, 
  `` what is the biggest issue you , a young european , are facing ? '', 
  well the salaries are higher in warsaw than in the rest of poland . 
  they have a mountain in a mountain ?!, 
  shocking . 
  because they do not want variety . 
  they want more socialism . 
  if they advocated for the removal of the state marriage institution i 'd be walking with them . 
  oh i 'd love to , but sadly your socialist buddies are forcing me to pay . 
  what are charities for ? 
  if i currently am forced to pay 60 % of my income to the government , i would absolutely give 10 % to chariities which i can trust . 
  it is cheaper to fund the nurses and doctors than to fund the entire ministry of health ( or whatever it is called in the uk ) plus the doctors and nurses . 
  also they do n't face any competition . 
  `` basis of collective responsibility '' aha . 
  you can have your collective responsibility together with your socialist friends , forcing people to pay for it is nothing else than thievery . 
  `` mostly '' makes a giant difference . 
  of course it would , what 's wrong with making profit ? 
  how is it ridiculous ? 
  you keep saying this stuff without even trying to back it up . 
  how is it more ridiculous to you than the fact that the government forces one person to pay for the other ? 
  and do n't even bring up the us healthcare system , it has nothing to do with private healthcare . 
  oh , and right now the government is making money from ... everyone . 
  because ? 
  what is your problem ? 
  of course the nhs should be private . 
  all healthcare should be private , that 's obvious . 
  it is only attractive for the politicians, 
  yeah , of course , right wing voters are uneducated human failures , we all know that . 
  leftists on the other hand are great intellectuals who will progress humanity into a new era of happiness . 
  if it offers subsidies , it 's not capitalist . 
  rich fuckers :(, 
  thing is - they already failed to ensure that . 
  their current government is just as corrupt as the previous one . 
  to be honest , i have absolutely no vision for this country 's future as one state . 
  it is too large and diverse , while having no real historical background to back it up . 
  out of lack of heroes , the western part is taking pride in bandera while the east does n't feel any connection to this country at all . 
  both are equally bad . 
  i 'm sorry to have to say this , but because of that , combined with the absolutely awful economic situation , it will just have to break into at least two smaller countries . 
  hopefully this will go like with czechoslovakia though , not yugoslavia . 
  funny how the poeple , including me , who correctly predicted that it would result in a complete mess , were downvoted to hell on this sub back in 2014 , called russian bots and so on . 
  neither was it ukrainian . 
  no man , i am quite leftist socially myself and i still think so . 
  on the other hand you have got many right wingers who believe the opposite . 
  there are too many perspectives from which one can see this issue to classify it as left or right . 
  am polish , please send help , i am currently hiding from the government ... 
  i need someone to snuggle me though the border to the beautiful land of freedom and democracy that is germany . 
   edit : my flair : still norwegian , ca n't change that . 
  just like 50 years in japan will never make me japanese . 
  so true . 
  be careful , you ca n't say such things or you will be executed !, 
  do n't you know about the pis regime ?!, 
  the pope is safe , it 's about the pilgrims . 
  i generally am not at all scared of the attacks , the chance of dying in one is minimal , but all that changes when you visit such event . 
  yeah but if an accident would happen in poland , right wing group support would skyrocket, 
  the . 
  i 'm talking about real people though , not their political beliefs . 
  they really are good people . 
  seriously ? 
  turks are good people but erdogan is radicalizing them . 
  he needs to be removed from power first . 
  i 'd like to have lviv within our borders again though . 
  just because of how historically significant it is . 
  but it 's more of `` i find it sad we 've lost it '' than `` let 's take it back '' . 
  ukraine , however , is making demands to some polish cities , like przemysl . 
  and those who killed innocent people should be executed . 
  thing is - these were exceptions , they were n't following orders from the top . 
  the ak was the largest resistance movement in europe . 
  but every army has bad people . 
  was witold pilecki evil ? 
  upa , on the other hand , had clear orders to do an ethnic cleansing , right from the top . 
  this was an organized action . 
  look at the ak 's achievements and tell me whether they are worth remembering or not . 
  how many ? 
  the ak was an underground anti nazi and anti soviet military organization . 
  comparing pilsudski to stalin ? 
  and no , i am by no means a supporter one of his supporters , he created a state not much different from the people 's republic . 
  butthurted ? 
  dude . 
  that 's like a german saying jews are `` butthurt '' about the holocaust . 
  what kind of person one has to be to be able to say such things is beyond me . 
  ukrainians caused it themselves . 
  they called upa national heroes and recently renamed one of the main streets in kiev to bandera prospekt . 
  they base their nationalism not on achievements but on not being poles or russians . 
  they decided to go down this path and are now starting to face the consequences . 
  not even slightly surprising . 
  [ seriously , they gave these people guns ] ( http://2.bp.blogspot.com/-6qxnso6fbus/vhcodfzciai/aaaaaaaaye8/28i1snymntm/s1600/oyspocyhtb0.jpg ) [ a movie about the massacre is coming out soon , it will make even more people aware of what happened during this forgotten genocide . 
  here 's the trailer . 
  this is a new level of being shameless . 
  dude basically says it 's all russian fault . 
  nothing like pushing the fault for a genocide on another nation , eh ? 
  i 'm going to have to ask him because i do n't remember . 
  seriously , reading this i have been listening to the ziggy stardust song, 
  a short story from my grandfather who survived the massacre in volhynia . 
  it was still early after the genocide started , people did n't know what to expect from the ukrainians . 
  my grandfather lived in a medium sized village near przebraze ( the defense of which , where my grand-grandfather actually participated , is today a very famous event in poland ) . 
  anyway , it 's important to remember that not all ukrainians were evil . 
  the poles in that village have been warned that the upa was preparing an attack after the sunset by some friendly ukrainian family . 
  all poles fled into the forests where they hid .
