  except for one old woman . 
  her reasoning was that she is old , 86 , that they would n't harm her because she did n't pose any danger . 
  she was absolutely sure about that . 
  after a few days when poles returned to the village , they found her body . 
  he also told me stories about how they were hiding somewhere underground and a baby started crying . 
  the mother had to choke it to save everyone . 
  it was still a preferable death compared to what the ukrainians would 've done - they were known to crush small children 's heads with axes or to crucify them . 
  they also murdered ukrainians who married poles , exactly like hitler murdered germans who did so with jews . 
  and now these people are considered national heroes in ukraine - you will go to prison for criticizing them . 
  they recently named one of the main streets in kiev after bandera . 
  what is currently happening in ukraine is frightening . 
  i recently tried editing one of the wikipedia pages - about anti ukrainian sentiment - where poles are stated to have such a sentiment without reason . 
  i have mentioned the volhynian massacre . 
  just stated that it is the main problem in the countries ' relations . 
  a mod kept removing that edit , claiming that i was spreading false information , even though i provided sources . 
  eventually she threatened to ban me . 
  i checked her profile . 
  guess what . 
  she was ukrainian and had a long history of `` cleaning up '' similar articles . 
  so if another wikipedia mod sees this , could you please take a look at that article ? 
  [ make way for the king ] ( http://www.gry-online.pl/galeria/forum/4/452140430_70.jpg ), 
  because others are your property , right ? 
  god how i hate socialists . 
  my hate for them is undescribable . 
  nonsense !, 
  listen to him , it 's nonsense !, 
  no idea what that 's about but i finally have the opportunity to say that it 's absolutely incredible what romania has been doing in the last year or so . 
  so many tax decreases . 
  it should be an example for all of europe . 
  the only european flag not worth dying for . 
  well you do have a point, 
  glad we agree on that , 
  well just because you want to pay taxes does n't mean everyone does . 
  why would anyone want government registered marriage ? 
  they rob you in every way possible , and you want even more of them in your life ? 
  wow . 
  there should n't be any laws against `` discrimination '' in public businesses . 
  against anyone . 
  private property is holy and there is nothing more important than keeping it like that . 
  otherwise you 'll wake up in another ussr where people lose humanity but are protected from everything !, 
  bullying , yes , there sadly is , especially in small towns . 
  but discrimination ? 
  not being able to get married ? 
  who told you such stuff ? 
  great parties where you block traffic for hours , fucking amazing really . 
  why is it not ? 
  it 's not like we are stopping them from doing ** anything ** other people are able to . 
  they do not have to sit in the back , they do not have worse jobs , they are not seperated in schools from others . 
  what 's the problem then ? 
  it was a joke , i like bulgarians very much mate :p, 
  you are a prostitute ? 
  peace be upon him, 
  i said some of their beliefs are reminiscent of the nsdap . 
  will not bother debunking the first part . 
  the second one is too hilarious to skip it though . 
  does that mean people making holocaust jokes are antisemitic nazis ? 
  also , by the way , you just said you are a national socialist . 
  you straight off said you are a nazi . 
  lol . 
  show me one post praising nazis that was n't obvious trolling . 
  where did i say anything positive about him ? 
  also i prefer austrians tbh . 
  you seem to fail to understand that the world war was just a few years long , compared to more than a thousand years of germanic existence . 
  you do n't even have to hide it man , be vocal about it : you are a nationalist . 
  only on a philosophical level . 
  you straight off told foreigners on reddit to '' [ stay the fuck out of your country ] ( https://i.redd.it/3b346r2xh5hx.png ) '' . 
  pis is almost communist . 
  well you call the independence march `` fascist '' while not having a single photo of them carrying a swastica . 
  why would i bother taking a photo ? 
  i expected there to be videos on youtube at least from the march where it would be visible . 
  not a single video from the event at all . 
  should i mention at least a few guys with anarchocommunist armbands there ? 
  barely held myself from punching their faces , you think i 'd want to make photos of them ? 
  well i 've seen how immediate that reaction was . 
  stood there for like half an hour and they waved these flags happily . 
  it 's their property . 
  the nsdap was left wing . 
  hello new wallpaper, 
  he 's cool though . 
  i do n't like him and he does n't like me , but he 's cool . 
  an incredible lot of them here . 
  thank god they are a tiny minority on the polish part of the internet . 
  i love you, 
  been on one of their marches , they walk shoulder to shoulder with people carrying ussr flags . 
  one of their leaders ( and their most famous member ) [ has been photographed wearing a marx t-shirt ] ( http://racjonalista.tv/wp-content/uploads/2015/10/image.png ) they also believe in generational debts , which is very reminiscent of the nsdap . 
  recently on their official facebook profile they posted a picture saying that [ `` the descendants of peasants have never been paid back for their ancestors ' work '' ] ( https://i.imgur.com/qrpovmi.jpg ) . 
  them walking shoulder to shoulder with communists openly praising the ussr is absolutely inexcusable and shows their true beliefs . 
  another thing which kind of proves my point - they consider the [ cursed soldiers ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/cursed_soldiers ) , the anti communist resistance formed after the war , who continued the fight against stalinization for many years ( the last one was shot in 1963 , almost 20 years ( ! ), 
  after the war during a planned hunt ) and who were executed by stalin 's order , to be bandits . 
  they openly call them the `` cursed bandits '' . 
  i hope their members ( quite a lot of them here ) will not attack me right away instead of addressing what i 've said . 
  when it comes to the current political situation in poland it 's quite awful . 
  we 've got christian socialists in the government , center socialists as the biggest opposition , national socialists as the minor but vocal groups ( onr , mw ) , progressive socialists ( maybe even communists ) as the small but growing group that razem is , there also are farmer socialists , there are the protectionists and populists from kukiz ' 15 , and then there are the jesters from partia wolno\u015b\u0107 . 
  oh how i wish we had romania 's government ... 
  i 'm not saying they are hidden communists . 
  i really hope they are n't . 
  i know that it 's these people ( not sure if this exact party , but these people for sure ) that we , the capitalists , will have to confront a decade or two from today , and if we lose ( and we will if we wo n't get our shit together ) i hope poland wo n't become another venezuela . 
  to end in a funnier way , here 's how they reacted when a guy referred to one of their members as `` wa\u0107panna '' which roughly translates to `` lady '' : https://youtu.be/8vhrcmzhlmm, 
  i was waiting for the bottom of the picture to load ... 
  we 'll pay you back , ottomans ...
