  different history , different language , different religions , different nations . 
  something like this has been once tried . 
  and it did n't work out well . 
  i prefer turkey in the eu than ukraine . 
  it was failed from the beginning , lol . 
  plz paint it white again , looks so much better . 
  you ** do n't ** want to join the eu . 
  are you really ukrainian, 
  is there any particular reason why russia is in red ? 
  women are different . 
  seriously , let 's not abandon logic . 
  one in , i do n't know , 1000 ( ? ), 
  women is good for the army , and even then , she will be more trouble than men because of natural reasons . 
  i 'm sorry , but that 's how it is - men are the hunters , women are the mothers . 
  evolution . 
  end of story . 
  a few years ago when i was playing airsoft with my team , a crazy feminist decided to join us . 
  alright , we thought , what could go wrong ? 
  she kept bragging about how women are equal and all that bullshit we did n't even care about . 
  after the game started ( it was meant to be the whole night ) she was getting more and more crazy , the darker the forest got , the more she freaked out . 
  around 2 am , she got so scared that we needed to pause the game and take her back to the city , lol . 
  she did n't even want to crawl because `` spiders '' and `` dirty '' . 
  she never came back . 
  anyway , i do n't want to treat men like men and women like dumber men . 
  i want to treat men like men and women like women . 
  if a woman wants to join the army/police or something like that - sure , she can . 
  but not with lower requirements than men have . 
  she has to be just as tall , just as strong , just as fast , and just as intelligent . 
  it 's not a secret that hamas is the cause of this . 
  both are equally bad , i guess . 
  hamas would be doing the same to israel , if they had the technology . 
  it had not only it 's own parliament , but also morally belonged to russia . 
  the vast majority of people were russian , and most of the ukrainians would want to join russia anyway because it is richer . 
  crimea was only `` given '' to ukraine because it is physically connected to it and not to russia . 
  did you know that many ukrainian soldiers are changing sides simply because the russian army pays 3x more ? 
  me getting poorer because some ukrainian idiots ca n't get along ? 
  great !, 
  crimea had full autonomy . 
  no , you are not in the legally elected government . 
  also , warsaw has no autonomy as a city/region . 
  and they obey it very well , protecting their people in crimea , for example . 
  unemployment should be around 0,5-1 % , not 10 % . 
  we need to free the market . 
  and ... how is this related to my question ? 
  lol . 
  aah , and neither russia nor ukraine hates homos , that 's a lie . 
  yes , freeing crimea really increased russia 's power , right ? 
  the thing is : crimea had the legal right to leave ukraine , it asked russia to help them . 
  nothing was illegal there . 
  oh , but sweden was one of the countries that built europe . 
  ukraine is n't europe . 
  i am not talking about poland-ukraine , rather about europe-ukraine . 
  i am not siding with russia , i am anti-russian . 
  but i am not russophobic . 
  germans and russians were angels comparing to ukrainians . 
  just google image `` volhynia massacre '' . 
  children cut in half with saws . 
  if not for russian influences since nineties ... lol . 
  belarus has way stronger russian influences than ukraine , yet it does way better . 
  because belarus is a real country . 
  if not for eu taxpayers money , this whole conflict would n't have ever taken place . 
  and despite european propaganda , ukraine is n't a real country . 
  it has no proud history , no achievements , no nothing . 
  russians moved east from kiev , poles lost ukraine . 
  the term `` ukraine '' always meant just the empty land between europe and asia , nothing more than that . 
  maybe eastern russia will be taken by china , but i doubt that . 
  anyway , ukraine already divided . 
  hell , it 's not like they ever were united . 
  i would prefer to be romanian than ukrainian . 
  lol . 
  nah , i do n't hate for example germany . 
  starting a war with russia because of some pseudo country which we have absolutely no reason to defend is just stupid and pointless . 
  oh , am i not right ? 
  all this bullshit in the last few months is about a country that never was a friend towards europe , they massacred polish women and children during the world war . 
  besides , the truth is - most ukrainians would have a better life if with russia than right now , pretending ukraine is a real thing . 
  do we really need to start a war with russia in the name of some worthless shithole called ukraine ? 
  edit : too all who downvote me : give me 1 reason to defend ukraine . 
  * you mean backward . 
  viktor orban is a great man , and him becoming a dictator is an incredibly good thing for hungary . 
  yeah , putin in the most evil man on earth , he is sick and just wants to kill everyone , and he shot that plane , right ? 
  ahh , another billions wasted . 
  i am also an evil russian paid by putin , right ? 
  seriously , it looks like everything on this sub that does n't immediately imply that russia is the most evil thing in the world and putin is a mass murderer gets downvoted instantly . 
  we got to go through every single possibility to know who did it , not immediately assume `` bombard moscow in revenge !!! '', 
  right now , the only ones i think had any reason to do this are the ukrainians . 
  obviously , it could be just a stupid , drunk rebel , but i do n't think that 's very possible . 
  yeah yeah , we 've been hearing that for months now . 
  it 's not like the eu is in any position for any kind of sanctions larger than `` bu bu putin bad boy '', 
  til i am russian . 
  i 'm pinning war crimes on these animals , not on the country , because it does n't exist . 
  the eu countries have nothing to do with ukraine , ukraine is n't even a country , and there is not a single reason why we should help them . 
  hell , we should punish them for slaughtering thousands of polish women and children during the war . 
  even the germans were better than these animals . 
  and now they pretend to be our friends , good joke . 
  yes , federal systems are a really good idea , leaving high autonomy to each state . 
  if it was the seperatists , they definitely used the buk-1m missile system , which they said they have some time ago . 
  it is a very simple system , but with huge power . 
  [ source in polish ] ( http://www.defence24.pl/news_niewyszkolona-zaloga-mogla-zestrzelic-samolot-jak-dziala-system-buk-rekonstrukcja ) `` your views are clearly not neutral '' oh , really ? 
  it 's you who immediately started accusing russia , even though there is no proof they have got anything to do with it . 
  i am not saying they did it , i am not saying they did n't do it .
