  you want me to go on a rant about what the european civilization was , why it was the best one to ever have existed , and why the `` union '' civilization is its exact opposite thus being the worst possible civilization , that is - an anticivilization ? 
  the one the previous ruling party used to stay in power knowing they would lose the upcoming elections ? 
  how exactly ? 
  what did it do ? 
  one example !, 
  we are more european than all of western europe combined . 
  whenever i see your posts i feel the need to make remarks about your name being relevant and all , but i figure that happens constantly to you and that you find it hilarious ... 
  why proudly ? 
  no it is democracy 's fault . 
  in poland there are lots of different parties , everyone can pick the one they like . 
  it 's just that in democracy , the most popular ones are the most idiotic ones . 
  in western countries , it absolutely is . 
  it 's in fashion right now , there 's nothing more to it . 
  the first guy has n't backed up his numbers in any way either . 
  0.5-1 % , in some societies up to 1.5 % . 
  edit : oh i 'm sorry , the downvotes have proven me wrong - it 's actually at 88.14 % . 
  i think hitler 's thinking was very logical till around half the war . 
  his thinking was logical , otherwise he would n't have ever risen to power . 
  he knew exactly what to say to gain support . 
  it 's just that he was an evil piece of shit . 
  and let 's dispel once and for all with this fiction that adolf hitler did n't know what he was doing . 
  he knew exactly what he was doing . 
  let 's dispel with this fiction that adolf hitler did n't know what he was doing . 
  he knew exactly what was doing . 
  this notion that adolf hitler did n't know what he was doing is just not true . 
  he knew exactly what he was doing . 
  i think anyone who believes that adolf hitler has n't done what he 's done on purpose does n't understand what we 're dealing with here . 
  okay ? 
  they take our jobs ^ ^ ^ this ^ ^ ^ is ^ ^ ^ so ^ ^ ^ fucking ^ ^ ^ satisfying, 
  yes , it 's all prettier though . 
  you think any sane person would take a marxist 's post seriously ? 
  i have a tshirt saying that yo, 
  historical accuracy is that poland never prohibited homosexuality . 
  i get you , but that 's not part of the flag, 
  umm ... the bottom is green , middle white and the top - red . 
  everything seems right , does n't it ? 
  yeah it 's decent, 
  what ? 
  oh yes , the polish redditors . 
  even if poland did something right - they 're still going to flip it around to make us look bad . 
  of course it have to be priests on polish tv :d, 
  looks way better in real life tho, 
  wo n't argue with that . 
  i think all sexuality should be private tho . 
  i 'd be just as embarassed in your situation - dragging the opinion on a whole nation down . 
  from wikipedia :  however , some felt that critics had overreacted to the law , noting that unlike some countries with stricter anti-lgbt legislation , it did not criminalize same-sex relationships , sexual activity , or being associated with pro-lgbt organizations . 
  how does it promote homophobia ? 
  this law is purely prohibitive . 
  it prohibites free speech , which i find unacceptable , but still , it 's just that . 
  the law is not meant to apply to anyone . 
  it 's meant to apply to ideas - it 's there to promote the traditional family . 
  i 'm not a supporter of it even in the tiniest bit , but the whole `` anti-gay law '' thing as the western media calls it is simply a lie . 
  no mate , they 're not . 
  there 's a world of difference between forcing people to keep their sexuality private and banning them from engaging in it . 
  well to be fair having too many homosexes would be a problem . 
  one day i want to have a huge business with lots of illegally employed ukrainians/vietnamese the wages of who will be just to survive . 
  that 's how manly i am . 
  i prefer this tv size for console gaming in my bedroom . 
  it certainly will when we raise the minimum wage . 
  ** you will fund the ministry of health regardless if you have public or private hospitals ** ** you will **, 
  i really do n't understand what you mean by better taxation . 
  they do have to be more expensive - the public ones need to fund the whole ministry of health . 
  public hospitals have to be more expensive than private ones , it 's impossible for them not to be . 
  only in public hospitals ( which should n't exist in the first place ) . 
  why not both though ? 
  one is enough, 
  he did stop the communists though and that pretty much removes any crimes he has done . 
  franco was n't perfect , but certainly better than the people who ruled spain after him . 
  compare the quality of romanian universities to american ones tho . 
  in my opinion katowice still feels a lot like a communist city . 
  i mean sure , there 's been a lot of progress , but they can not just rebuild the whole city within 25 years . 
  there 's a person whose sole job is to feed these cats, 
  the second pic is from higher up - from the roof of novotel . 
  that building did n't exist in 1969 , but now it does , so it 's impossible to make a photo from the same angle today . 
  there 's a multikino ... and why would you want a museum in a shopping center ? 
  i 've heard warsaw public transport is one of the better few in europe ? 
  i did n't smell anything in the main warsaw underground passages other than maybe kebabs . 
  maybe , i do n't know much about gda\u0144sk . 
  i would n't be so sure about that . 
  i mean which ones precisely, 
  this is the reason why i do n't want a car once i move to warsaw . 
  well that 's a completely different location . 
  i have been on west warsaw but never stepped out of the train . 
  quite a lot of kebabs in warsaw, 
  1 ) you can wear an us flag all the time , you wo n't get any issues even if you start screaming `` america rules '' . 
  americans are some of the most welcome foreigners in poland , from what i 've noticed . 
  2 ) if you want the european feel , go to cracow , wroclaw , maybe gda\u0144sk . 
  if you want postcommunist feel - warsaw or katowice . 
  there are also some great smaller cities , i 've heard zamo\u015b\u0107 is incredible but i 've never been there . 
  3 ) only in villages and really small cities . 
  even there you will get along just fine with signs . 
  do n't try french , people do n't know it . 
  actually it was officially changed just three years after stalin 's death , in 1956 . 
  the construction was finished in 1955 , so it did n't carry that name long . 
  i mean seriously ? 
  i do n't know these tunnels too well , what are some * less popular * ones ? 
  piss ? 
  there will be new passages built over al jerozolimskie and emilii plater soon , they will go above the streets . 
  hopefully they 'll build similar ones over marszalkowska and rondo dmowskiego too . 
  i still do n't understand why people hate the underground passages so much .
