  reminds me so much of blm . 
  sad that the same thing is happening here . 
  he believed some stuff, 
  if he would be a redditor , you all would downvote him to hell . 
  my neighbour is polish , does n't matter , he is just a piece of shit . 
  alright i 'm not going to bulgaria . 
  not true , the population of my neighbour 's house is 100 % human trash, 
  oh alright, 
  that was sarcasm lol, 
  well we do have mass immigration from ukraine and ( as far as i know ! ), 
  no ukrainian has blown himself up as of yet !, 
  [ it 's not true though ... ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_european_countries_by_average_wage ), 
  who would 've thought that higher taxes ruin the economy . 
  because they are hilarious, 
  sieg heil i 'm testing your word, 
  they sure did , but , maybe you have n't noticed , pis still has the majority , and their support has n't fallen significantly since the elections . 
  they are doing exactly what they promised during the election . 
  it 's also them who said years ago that protests against a democratically elected government are a crime against democracy . 
  lol . 
  [ today 's opposition are the same people who arrested wprost reporters for exposing their corruption last year . 
  ] ( http://i.iplsc.com/policja-w-siedzibie-redakcji-wprost/0003brrs9tejhuse-c122-f4.jpg ) , in the longer run destroying the ruling coalition and giving power to pis . 
  socialists are enemies of humanity . 
  fuck , she must really hate the french . 
  is n't she a socialist also , just national ? 
  one could also say that icelanders are icelanders because iceland is what it is , 
  it 's arguably easier to run a smaller country, 
  democracy is tyranny . 
  dude i 'm far right ... 
  i am not . 
  the map is about the law , not public acceptance . 
  you should change your nickname tho , i automatically picture you as a fat neckbeard . 
  like , what more do they even expect over what sweden already actually gives them ? 
  you can say a lot of bad stuff about my country , but it 's us who can shit on you on that one !, 
  oh i forgot the ussr was n't real socialism !, 
  because i do n't want to rob people who are better than me ? 
  they sure are n't , but it 's not your money they are earning either . 
  it 's true the ussr was very stable . 
  other than that , not much . 
  you call the uk `` worst '' but what exactly is bad about inequality ? 
  that was surprisingly brutal . 
  pff . 
  yeah but that applies to every single nuclear power plant, 
  why did they demand turning the remaining reactors off if they worked just fine ? 
  i have lived this long because of surstr\u00f6mming !, 
  law and justice is left wing , strongly left wing . 
  [ i find this video to be at a similar level logically to our politics in the last 12 something months ] ( https://youtu.be/dpigsziko-0 ), 
  warsaw got both :d the silesian conurbation should have its own metro though , it has a larger population than warsaw and is n't exactly poor . 
  also wroclaw is seriously planning to have one , and krak\u00f3w . 
  but i believe these two are too small . 
  been there just a week ago , the place looks incredible . 
  it 's basically on the border of warsaw , so you expect the surrounding area to be rather like suburbs . 
  then you walk out of the station and ... wow . 
  constantinople, 
  wow , wait a moment , where did i say i apply a strict rule ? 
  it 's up to everyone to decide where they draw the line themselves . 
  you completely misunderstood me . 
  ... and i do not consider them muslim . 
  but they sadly do . 
  look , everyone can consider themself whatever they want , but people will judge them , and they will judge them critically . 
  if someone who does n't follow the quran considers himself a muslim , well , there 's nothing wrong with that , but that does n't mean others should call him one . 
  jehova 's witnesses consider themselves christian , christians do n't consider them christian . 
  he 's czech , no beer in the world will satisfy him man, 
  dude get back to the real world , lol, 
  better dead than red , but not in this case !, 
  unexpectedly sad, 
  question is whether it is like this because they are too poor to afford a proper seat and recycled the car , or because it 's an awesome idea, 
  wo n't stump the trump . 
  now it looks to fake, 
  this building is fucking glorious . 
  seriously , its gloriousness is vienna level . 
   zeger ** szeg ** must be hungarian, 
  to make them stay in eastern european countries . 
  sure , we could take them in , but what 's the point if they 're going to be on the western border the next day ? 
  that 's what she must 've expected - concentration camps which they would n't be allowed to leave . 
  how could we possibly agree to that ? 
  merkel expected us to set up concentration camps or what ? 
  i did ... 
  `` i 'm sorry , i do n't speak french '', 
  pissing-off-germans time . 
  but i prefer pissing-off-the-french time !, 
  just waiting for the opportunity, 
  except for the benelux , france , liechtenstein , switzerland , austria , czechia and poland - yeah , absolutely . 
  not my native language but the ukrainian wikipedia page for the volhynian massacre calls it a `` mutual tragedy '' , vastly underestimates the death toll , and lists the polish underground state on one side with the third reich . 
  quite the difference when you compare it to the english one . 
  are you serious ? 
  i mean i 'm not a leftist either , but are you fucking serious ? 
  well razem certainly is worse yhan pis and that 's quite an achievement . 
  we are n't stupid enough to elect razem either . 
  least favorite : razem korwin is love , korwin is life, 
  i agree , except for the wages . 
  these are only slightly higher when you take the prices into account . 
  pretty much everything else is incomparably better . 
  schools , roads , public transport , trains , public spaces ... 
  i never noticed it all changing until i looked at ukraine in street view , saw a completely different world from the one i knew , and only later realized that that was poland in the 90 's / early 2000 's . 
  even with your definition , considering pis as right wing still is just as wrong . 
  i do n't see how the examples you 've mentioned are relevant at all . 
  all that does n't matter on the left/right divide . 
  the left/right scale is only economic . 
  they are conservative left . 
  look , you can keep crying as long as you need to , but that will not change the fact that pis is a strongly far left party , with only some right wing policies .
