  why would i want to make it democratic ? 
  democracy is a system where two drunks have more to say than a professor . 
  well , technically , homosexuality is a sin . 
  for religious people . 
  should they teach that it is n't a sin ? 
  that is false information . 
  atheists do n't care about sins , so i do n't see why this even matters for you . 
  he should be rotting in a grave already lol, 
  no need to apologize , i enjoy all kinds of stereotypes . 
  and this post is pretty funny :d, 
  we all know the ussr had the happiest people in the world , according to every < russian  poll !, 
  nah , it 's purely about the language . 
  neksten morgen in romanien, 
  no , i do n't care about albania !, 
  yes , in romania, 
  great to see you here , i always had a few questions to albanians !, 
  yeah , but this word alone makes me angry . 
  how you ruined the rest of this beautiful day for me , with one word . 
  every member should be contributing to nato instead of just being in it , expecting other countries to defend them . 
  the baltic countries are n't that poor . 
  yeah , if russia would want to claim their clay , they would be pretty much f * cked . 
  the nato line of defense would n't cover anything further northeast than poland for sure . 
  because your language sounds funny to us , yet similar in many ways , we treat you a bit like more childish , harmless poles . 
  we just do n't treat czechs like a dangerous country in any way . 
  if you are a czech in poland , get a taxi and tell the driver you 're czech , he will most likely start singing `` jozin z bazin '', 
  mhm , who 's the liar ... 
  butthurt lithuanian detected how much does it hurt knowing that you always were the inferior ones ? 
  all i need in order to know you 're stupid is just looking at that flag . 
  no tags needed !, 
  why should we even help you ? 
  give me one good reason . 
  russia is frightened now . 
  you have n't heard of sarcasm , have you ? 
  nah we 're stronger anyway and i did hover the mouse because people tend to say what political system they believe in in that spot . 
  so i got used to doing so . 
  so yeah , i know the kenian flag . 
  `` the country you do n't care about '' you must be so proud of it, 
  so it 's free , right ? 
  where the hell are they getting the fuel from ? 
  lol, 
  mine toilet mine euros * not yours :  * ps . 
  we clean british toilets , you clean ours lol, 
  can i go to ukraine as a polish ubermensh and teach english und polnish und dojcz there ? 
  i mean , the biggest dream of most ukrainians is to find a way to legally cross the western border . 
  i can go there and pretend like `` after you learn the language < and pay me a shitton of cash ofc  you will have a higher chance of getting citizenship ! '', 
  and they are going to pay me 10 cows/month, 
  very well kur * a, 
  you got ta love this guy, 
  co masz do kur, 
  `` tusk is just waiting for war '' lol , hearing something like this feels so weird now . 
  like , tusk not only the king of poland anymore , but the king of europe lol, 
  motorola is the name of their ... group , or whatever it is . 
  i have no idea . 
  but it looks cool . 
  yes . 
  people tend to call every sport shoe an `` adidas '' . 
  lol . 
  not the onion, 
  `` the whole purpose of halal is to make it as humane as possible '' `` it is done when the animal is conscious '', 
  that 's quite a big difference in language versions . 
  which means - halal is allowed to be done only when the animal is conscious . 
  quite cool news , i always believed in nato . 
  well , one of the main rules of halal ( at least in the quran version ) is that the animal ** must ** be conscious while doing it . 
  source : http://pl.wikipedia.org/wiki/halal, 
  you are special < 3, 
  nah , you did . 
  a few months ago . 
  if i would want to make this up , i would say / u/cyridius ( i love you ) said such thing . 
  but i remember it was you . 
  i 'm interested in more serious things than food , y' know ? 
  / u/savannajeff once said that `` we should pay them to stop raping women '' . 
  literally . 
  what ? 
  is it any different than normal meat ? 
  i thought it is just that muslims get wild pleasure when something suffers terribly while dying . 
  praise and fear allah and the messenger mohammed - peace be upon him !, 
  islam will dominate !, 
  convert or you will go to hell , infidel !, 
  or ahmed, 
  good to know . 
  one more reason to stay here : *, 
  celestial body = any object in space . 
  not just planets . 
  somalia is ruled by the mafia , same as the eu . 
  i guess po support will fall to around 10 % now , and we will finally become the second political force in polen . 
  great feeling . 
  and this f * cker will be punished anyway . 
  yeah , they attacked when the king `` won '' the eu elections . 
  never had an account on wykop , and nobody visits kwejk anymore . 
  because it was taken over by leftists lol . 
  thank god there is sadistic , and , obviously , reddit . 
  aah , and i love you too much . 
  if someone is supporting this liar , i can not react differently . 
  this is how i imagine you right now : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=brybprah07c, 
  yeah , around 95 % people on here are pro-eu . 
  how is traditionalism linked to being a caveman ? 
  maybe swedes are cavemen and not the other way around ? 
  if italians are cavemen , am i a single cell ? 
  really important news . 
  - was this car blue or yellow ?
