  it 's the marketing hype that drives people to the cinemas , they make their money on the first weekend and then nobody gives a shit . 
  that is a description of hollywood blockbusters . 
  there is shitload of films not fitting in that description , always have and always will be . 
  i was trying to be polite but it did n't seem to go very well . 
  yes , if you only go see the latest blockbusters . 
  try to breach out to something smaller and you 'll find a whole new world . 
  well i do n't know about other countries but at least in finland we only dub the childrens films and still you can go see it in the original language in the theaters . 
  the dubbing is made for kids , older kids and adults rather see the original or they would n't bother having the original in theaters at all . 
  they do n't dub films in all of the bigger countries either . 
  for example , the us has a huge industry around film , even outside of hollywood , as everyone knows . 
  they do n't dub foreign stuff apart from childrens shows . 
  they certainly have the resources for it but they do n't . 
  why do you watch movies you 're not interested in ? 
  surely there are enough great films for a lifetime . 
  it 's not about being not worth it economically but it takes much away from the film . 
  it was n't meant to be dubbed so it certainly does n't become better when it 's dubbed . 
  i 'd be okay with this . 
  baltic sea would rise just enough for me to start going to work on a boat from my backyard . 
  we 've got one in our buildings yard in finland , built 2001 . 
  it 's being used for rugs and gymnastics regularly . 
  yes , here is a blog about their security . 
  younited by f-secure is kind of safe ( for now , at least ) . 
  data is held in finland and the government ca n't demand them to monitor it ( yet , a law has been discussed . 
  only problem for foreigners is that you have to connect finland through sweden and their fra . 
  so it 's great for locals for now , otherwise not so much . 
  you have a point . 
  i 've only travelled in europe so far and naturally introduce myself as a finn in europe . 
  when i get around to going to other continents i guess i might have to elaborate where exactly finland is at some point ... 
  i definitely feel more finnish than european in general , but i think i feel a certain togetherness with ( western ) europeans in general . 
  i refer to myself as european on reddit if i need to differentiate from the presumption of being american . 
  often my specific country is irrelevant then . 
  nothing pretentious there . 
  do n't worry about that one , he 'll tell you . 
  sometimes that 's the case but often the articles come out more neutral . 
  i guess it 's because many polarized issues in the states are not as polarized in the country with the other language and therefore get a more neutral article . 
  this goes the other way too . 
  for example , a lot of local political parties articles seem more biased in local languages when compared to the english version . 
  this is the case in finnish at least . 
  i have no problem with locationing _ live _ in a situation like you described , they do that all the time here in finland . 
  i do n't mind even monitoring calls , mail or bugging someone 's house as long as it is done on case-by-case basis with proper process through court . 
  doing any of that continent wide without any cause and storing that data for long periods is n't the same at all . 
  all the more reason not to worsen the situation voluntarily . 
  of course not , but if they collect and keep the data at all times the situation becomes much more dangerous . 
  even if your information is relatively safe for now , you have no way of knowing what the future is like . 
  for example , first thing tomorrow morning some party throws over the government and forms a new one . 
  they immediately have access to all the data the earlier government collected in good faith from their people years prior . 
  had the data not been saved in beforehand people would know not to do anything of interest to their new oppressive regime thus making the information much harder to obtain . 
  i know this is an extreme example but i 'm trying to make my point as clear as possible . 
  closest example that comes to mind in europe lately would be the ukrainian protests before the president leaved the country . 
  in that situation it would be nice for the government to know who communicated with who , where and when . 
  also it 's convenient if there 's a need to break basic human rights . 
  that 's because gas stove is far superior to any other stove . 
  only induction stoves get anywhere near their qualities . 
  i do n't base my morals on other peoples opinions . 
  i 'd take parents that thought of my personal well being more than their own beliefs . 
  if that would 've been too much to ask , the next best thing would 've been to think mutilating my body would n't be worth losing my custody . 
  if their need for body mutilation would be greater than their love for their child , the child would be better off without their `` care '' . 
  that is what i 'm after , not to have parents that put their personal interests above their childrens most basic human rights . 
  i bet nordic and probably the rest of european women too prefer uncut . 
  not so much in the states i 've heard ? 
  it should still be harshly punished . 
  it is done in peoples homes even now ( in finland at least ) so the situation would n't change much . 
  it was even prosecuted recently and it was deemed legal even when it was done without consent of one parent . 
  disgusting , especially while the same courts give out convictions for cutting females . 
  i want to keep our children with all the body parts they came with . 
   imagine finland depending on russia for food no need for imagining anything , we already depend on k-chain and s-chain for all our grocery needs . 
  comes with a free most expensive food in europe !, 
  duopoly is a bitch . 
  this article is completely false and russian propaganda . 
  i 'm genuinely surprised that anyone took it seriously enough to post it . 
  `` it 's really not that bad , most rooms have intact walls ! '', 
  it only takes one bus accident or similar for their statistics to be skewed . 
  well if it was any higher you 'd probably accidentally drive in to the sea before you could hit the brakes ... 
  drunk driving is n't a thing in many places even without public transportation . 
  of course there 's always an idiot here and there but mostly people tend to use taxis or get someone to pick them up if they do n't feel they 're up for a walk home in here . 
  it 's done between finland and sweden ( maybe other nordic countries as well . . ? ), 
  too in some places iirc . 
  just to be clear , which market would you guys be meeting at ? 
  i would ` nt want to miss a chance to tavata torilla while abroad !, 
  who do you think will be on the battlefield trying to fight the invaders , the ones trained or the ones who were n't ? 
  my point still stands . 
  `` choices '' as in `` they ask you what you 'd prefer and do as you asked or not '' . 
  i would 've been satisfied with 6 months but the army was convinced i was n't done until 12 months of service . 
  you are conscripted to military to be ready to go to war if war comes to your country . 
  if that happens , it is n't voluntary . 
  poland seems to trust germany on some aspects but somehow they harbour a certain distrust too ... 
  i though you were kidding . 
  had to check just to be sure ... yep , there it is !, 
  in finland people have to study swedish absolutely minimum of two years , most study 5 . 
  people still speak awful swedish if even that . 
  you ca n't force languages , practically every finn speaks english , which they chose for themselves , but little to no swedish , although they studied then both for roughly the same time . 
  it 's like that in finland too . 
  for example people say : `` i 'm taking a vacation and going to europe . '', 
  we are bit like the uk in that regard , they 're a bunch of islands and we 're the ones alone up here in the north without a natural quick route to continental europe . 
  people feel european just like the chart shows but the vocabulary we use lags behind i suppose . 
  i think it probably sounds the funniest to us . 
  you can pretty much figure out a half of it and the rest seems like made up finnish . 
  i bet it 's the same other way around as well . 
  that i can agree with . 
  having to have a certain percentage of people voting to make the results stand seem way better than compulsory voting if you ask me .
