  come on now , that 's a bit desperate . 
   on top of that , many people on reddit seem to want to attack me or downvote me . 
  how would you feel if it was your country ? 
  people downvoting you are n't doing it because of your country , they 're doing it because you act like an ass in many parts of this thread . 
  i did not say `` soviet army '' . 
  i said soviets . 
  depends on what the goal is . 
  if the goal is to keep the area useless money sink for the invader , failure is n't so certain . 
  they are the civilian base . 
  well , a half of it . 
  you ca n't remove that , that 's the point, 
  again , not killing millions of innocents and occupying a bunch of sovereign states would do wonders to differentiate one from the nazis . 
  that 's like saying `` sure i killed your family once , but i also used to bake delicious cakes and nobody seems to remember that . '', 
  i 'm pretty sure if the soviets had n't killed millions of people and violently occupied numerous countries for decades , people would remember them more fondly . 
  since when is 48 % a `` vast majority '' , like you said in your other comment ? 
  do n't they have books in basic math in catalan ? 
   god , the level of ignorance about what is going on here is astounding . 
  absolutely unbelievable . 
  says the guy comparing soviet occupation to being a part of spain . 
  whatever one feels about your situation , you 're making it really damn hard to be sympathetic to your cause . 
  try not to be an ignorant asshole and people might care . 
  nobody said we 'd be able to fend them off . 
  can you imagine how much of a pain in the ass it would be for them to occupy a country where practically the whole male population has extensive training in modern warfare and the ability for extended guerilla warfare ? 
  the super powers struggle to occupy third world countries with practically untrained soldiers . 
  the key is n't to win , it 's to make the other parties victory so incredibly costly they do n't bother . 
  no , that 's definitely the prettiest non-cross flag . 
  would look even better with a cross on it , just saying ... 
  walked right into that one ... 
   maybe if you have the potential of someone like charles becoming king in the future , you might start seeing the benefits of electing your head of state . 
  what kind of horrors would that realistically cause ? 
  nothing would change . 
   the first article of the un human rights declaration !, 
  really ? 
  that 's your argument ? 
  how about any other heads of state ? 
  they have rights and responsibilities that the rest of the citizens do n't have . 
  is that a human rights violation too ? 
   it is still ethically wrong . 
  i do n't know , i rather concentrate on ethical problems that are actually , well , problems . 
  there 's literally no downside to this `` ethical issue '' . 
  these days it 's basically a national brand building tool . 
  what 's wrong with that ? 
  i can see people opposing monarchs with actual power , but they 're pretty rare in the modern world . 
  would n't it be great to devote your life to studying hard , going through hundreds of hours of lectures , spending hundreds of hours writing thousands of pages to finally graduate and get to work for the foreign office . 
  work tirelessly for years , impressing colleagues and slowly creeping higher in the hierarchy , only to one day wake up in pyongyang . 
  iirc the theory included the pyramids as well , ca n't have a good conspiracy go to waste . 
  we 're giving you guys a chance to catch up . 
  my italian teacher said finns generally pronounce italian better than most people . 
  the sounds in both languages are definitely similar . 
  i bet if i could find an italian completely dead inside so he 'd lose the enthusiastic intonation , he could learn perfect finnish . 
  new schools are built to be comfortable and can be turned into many kind of different learning environments , instead of the classic teacher in front and kids in neat rows . 
  it 's great . 
  there 's still a depressing amount of old schools in terrible condition around the country , though . 
  i 'm sorry , are you acting like an idiot on purpose ? 
  it 's obvious for everyone with half a brain cell that i was n't advocating that employees should give up all their days off forever and instead work like slaves . 
  i 'll humor you and answer your question as if you really were that dumb and was n't pretending . 
  the employees would work the same hours as they do now , but some of them would do it on different days . 
  for the inconvenience they 'd be compensated with higher pay . 
  what an ingenious plan !, 
  over here you generally get payed double for sundays and evenings , nights and other unusual times you 'll get extra depending on your field . 
  the work week is usually 37,5 hour a week , or 8 hours a day five days a week , minus half an hour for lunch per day . 
  so if you 'll work sundays or saturdays , you 'll get a few days off elsewhere . 
   i realize a lot of people think this is old fashioned religious bullshit but as someone who has actually worked jobs where the days off were in the middle of the week and not the weekend i can tell you it 's generally preferable to have your days off during the weekend . 
  personally i rather take six days pay for five days work rather than a sunday off , though . 
  luckily both of us can arrange things to our liking . 
   most of these laws do actually protect workers and improve their lives and should n't be dismissed casually . 
  i strongly disagree that _ forcing _ something to people instead of the _ choice _ they had is improving their lives . 
  i agree that protecting workers rights is necessary but forcing some to not work at a certain time and forcing others to work during that same time obviously is n't about protecting the workers rights . 
  if it was about protection , it would be uniform to everyone , not just for arbitrarily chosen professions . 
   it 's not a step in the right direction , it completely addresses the argument for flexibility : there will always be a store open here or there for really urgent purchases , and that 's enough . 
  if the stores already are allowed to be open whenever they wish , then there is no need for changes . 
  i only argued against forbidding them to be open at set times . 
   they ca n't if everyone does . 
  that 's competition . 
  of course they can . 
  if there are no customers during sundays , or from 9pm to 6am , they do n't lose anything if they 're closed . 
  on the other hand , if they have people queuing at the door on sunday mornings or 9pm to 6am , it makes sense to pay more for their staff to keep the doors open . 
  not every store has to be open 24/7 because of competition . 
  they are open when they deem it profitable . 
   so why insist that all stores be open if people do n't want to use them apparently ? 
  i 'm not insisting that all the shops _ have to be _ open . 
  i 'm arguing for why they _ should be able to _ be open if they see it as the right thing for their business . 
  there 's a huge difference . 
   still a lot more than it would otherwise . 
  it does make a difference in densely populated countries . 
  people just like their day to schedule day-long outdoor activities like bicycle trips , and then it 's better to have calm roads . 
  sundays would be noticeably less relaxing with more motorized traffic . 
  there really is n't much difference . 
  i remember when pretty much everything was closed on sundays and it really was n't much different than now that stores are allowed to be open . 
  as i said , people do n't have a set schedule for shopping , unlike for work . 
  i did n't realize you poles were all promised to get the perfect job . 
  i 'd like to come in on next monday , i 'd like to take the one with 10 hour work week and 10 000 $ per week pay , thanks . 
  i 'm not too picky , i can do pretty much anything for the 10 hours . 
  obviously people have to compromise and get the kind of job that seems to be the best fit for them from the ones available . 
  personally i 'd like to work less and get paid more and to do something fun for the day . 
  sadly , i had to pick one that pays only decently , requires a bit more work than i 'd like and is only moderately fun . 
  such is life . 
   that 's what saturdays are for . 
  even so , it 's perfectly possible to make the day of rest obligatory , but allow the store to pick the day . 
  that would be a step in the right direction but still arbitrary and quite frankly a bit dumb .
