  well it 's basically there to emphasise and add emotion to the the rest of the sentence , translates to something like `` oh , our land , finland , homeland ( literally , the country we were born in ) '' . 
  pretty much as `` oh '' in english . 
  ours start with `` oi maamme , suomi , synnyinmaa '' , suomi is the third word , and one of the two before it is n't even a word . 
  the country is n't mentioned in the original swedish text , though , but the anthem is always sung in finnish . 
  mine as well . 
  posted a friendly comment there twice and got banned . 
  i guess they do n't like foreigners . 
  represented , not the only one using the power . 
  there 's a _ slight _ difference . 
  i understand you 're being sarcastic , but they have n't actually said anything of the sort . 
  they 're on the right , but only on finnish standards , not globally . 
  it 's really hard to come up with a scenario where we 'd ever have one of them as a leader , though . 
  is it really a surprise that the best way to get rid of homelessness is to find homes for the homeless ? 
  what the hell are they doing in the rest of the world if this is a surprise ? 
  but not surprising , to be honest . 
  could n't care less , as long as they 're not from the centre party . 
  just like that , but around 2 meters tall . 
  to be fair , it goes the other way as well . 
  people often assume not believing in a god to mean that you 're just refusing to acknowledge him or want to play like he would n't exist , because obviously everyone knows deep down that there _ must _ be a god . 
  turns out , some people are unimaginative and unable to understand how others might think differently and reach different conclusions about issues . 
  well , people often start going to house parties and drinking at around 15 , the need for personal space does n't affect drunk people . 
  who said anything about custom union and aid ? 
  there 's middle ground between budding up with them and stopping all contact . 
  it would be absolutely retarded to cut diplomatic ties to a country in the same continent for a slight diplomatic insult . 
  are you taking lessons in diplomacy from the orange sultan of solariums , your policies seem very similar ? 
  practicality . 
  it 's pretty much as free as they come in reality . 
  there 's very little intervention and most of that little is due to legality issues , although a lot of illegal stuff is intentionally let through as well . 
  as there never has been nor never will be 100 % free platform , nor would anyone want there to be one , the term is used in a less strict manner . 
  but i bet you knew that already . 
  by that logic , there is n't a free platform nor free speech in the world . 
  there 's always restrictions , and for a good reason . 
  you ca n't convince these t_d types of any kind of reason anyway . 
  all we can do is to keep them out of the other subs , they 're a lost cause . 
  it 's all right , most of that difference comes from eating unhealthy food , smoking and excessive drinking . 
  worth it . 
  i 'm sorry the reality differs from your opinions . 
  it must be hard . 
   but we believe marriage has an objective , unchangeable definition of being a union between men and women . 
  you have no idea what the word objective means , do you ? 
  at least in 2005 the `` compensation '' was around 3.5 $ per day for the first six months and two euros more for the latter six months . 
  it would 've been neat if they even paid my rent while i was made unable to work for a year , it became a fairly expensive adventure . 
  i also had developed a bad habit of eating during weekends off . 
  you 're forgetting that bush jr. meter is calibrated differently over there versus here ... 
   the populace does n't have a strong grip on their government , and can not be held accountable for every single thing their government does . 
  not just in the us , but worldwide . 
  i understand that . 
  however , we 're not talking about being accountable for their government or actions of the government . 
  we 're talking about electing someone for a position . 
  that is pretty much the only example where the populace is absolutely the ones who hold the power . 
  in a fair election , you ca n't have the people vote someone in and the government then put their own different candidate as the president . 
  the people might not hold much of a grip of the government _ while they are in office _ , but they most certainly are the ones who put them in the office in the first place . 
  and the other half did n't happen , period . 
  it seems so obvious now , of course hooks are for storing hookers . 
  i would assume they 'd use oil for heating more as well . 
  did the citizens get to vote on it ? 
  yes ? 
  that makes it their decision , which makes them responsible . 
  it 's really as simple as that . 
  in finland we 've had somewhat [ mixed ] ( http://im.mtv.fi/image/5058214/landscape16_9/1024/576/1cd76383821a2d986de1e3f2567d3c42/yl/curt-lindstrom.jpg ) [ results ] ( http://img.yle.fi/urheilu/jalkapallo/article8222801.ece/alternates/w960/hans%20backe.jpg ) with swedish coaches . 
  now this is a message we can all support . 
  if that was the case , he probably would n't mentioned his location at all as it was completely irrelevant to anything he said . 
  the only reason to mention it would be to seem like a cool secret agent from movie cliche . 
  well , yeah , many of them are quite cheaply made , but i do n't think it 's fair to say all of them are . 
  pretty much all of them are still ill-suited to most european consumers , regardless of their quality . 
  they sell bad because american cars are obviously designed for the american market . 
  most of them are absolutely horrible for daily use in large portions of europe . 
  that does n't mean that the cars are bad , but it does mean they 're bad _ to be used in europe _ . 
  at least much of it . 
  apple has 100 % market share in consumer electronics that have a glowing picture of a half eaten fruit on them . 
  i would n't dare to make fun of that to his face , though , would you ? 
  okay . . ? 
  i do n't know how that 's relevant to hs journalistic quality but thanks for the info anyway , interesting stuff . 
   you have to be an utter moron to think that this is going to be `` best in the world '' . 
  i bet that 's the reason nobody made that claim in the article . 
   a descriptor that fits anyone that believes stuff that comes out of that rag after all the lying over last few years as it started doubling down on pushing specific policies supported by owners instead of factual reporting . 
  hs is lying instead of reporting news ? 
  i bet you have all kinds of proof of them lying and loads of articles that are n't true ? 
   hensingin sanomat is misreporting as usual . 
  nothing new there , it has been one of the least accurate mainstream media sources in the country for a while . 
  sure thing , buddy . 
  not only you forgot to give any sources for your unconventional claim but you also got the name of the paper wrong and your quote was made up . 
  well done . 
   i have the feeling that banning is viewed as a sport there . 
  they 're just making sure everyone gets the authentic russian experience . 
  i got my ban from pointing out that not everyone who is n't pro-russia in every matter is a fascist . 
  apparently i was wrong . 
  he 's finnish , though . 
  it says so in the first sentence of the article . 
  i was just trying to note the differences on the likely perception of someone used to a different kind of a private system , not trying to make it a competition . 
  i do n't think denying holocaust is the worst thing neo nazis could be doing . 
  i do n't think stupidity should be a crime to begin with but surely they advocate for worse things than that , should n't that be the focus ? 
  i mean , what 's the harm in claiming something that is easily proven to have happened supposedly did n't ? 
  you 're allowed to march for anything , that 's not a problem . 
  when you turn violent or try to execute your stupid ideas , it becomes something to oppose . 
  if i have to choose between neo nazis marching orderly , announcing their protest in advance and behaving while doing it or antifa looking for a fight , i 'd choose the neo nazis . 
  both of the groups are a bunch of retards and hopefully never gain any traction politically in the mainstream , but in that instance only one of them acts in an acceptable way in a society . 
  well obviously drunk , why else would we be in estonia ? 
   this is how guns are `` transported '' in new jersey : that 's good to know , if need arises to transport guns in *** new jersey *** . 
  what does new jersey law say about transporting guns in switzerland ?
