   spitting and shouting insults to guy who had prior convictions from assault and battery . 
  the insults were based on political disagreements and the beating happened because of the political disagreement . 
  that makes it _ political _ . 
   that he also is a neo nazi is just very convenient for our current political climate with refugees and economic downturn . 
  so now you 're saying nazis killing bystanders is somehow `` convenient '' and a good thing for our political situation somehow ? 
  are you for real ? 
   meaning had the victim done the same in `` sn\u00e4k\u00e4ri jono '' for the perpetrator instead of in on going neo nazi rally it would n't even be in the news . 
  because two drunks fighting in the night does n't end up in the death of someone who disagrees on the perpetrators political opinions . 
  you must be a troll , i do n't believe anyone can be that clueless . 
  people most definitely do n't get killed because of their political opinions `` every few friday nights '' . 
  you know that as well as i do . 
  my argument was that there is n't a reasonable argument for stricter sentencing for them . 
  your comment was 110 % useless . 
  the article you linked was n't relevant and did n't have the conclusion you drew from it . 
  my argument was `` do n't fix what is n't broken '' . 
  i think my argument is still stronger in this case . 
  that study is done in the states , right ? 
  are you saying that because criminals re-offend in the states where they go through harsh sentences prove that the lenient sentences in finland do n't work because people who are sentenced harshly , unlike in finland , re-offend ? 
  do you see a slight problem in that ? 
  perhaps the results are n't something you can call universal ? 
  so would sentencing jaywalkers to death . 
  i would n't want to live in that kind of a society . 
  do n't be an ass . 
  why should anyone answer you if you decide to not understand anyway ? 
  what 's the justification then ? 
  i do n't think it 's clear without explaining what 's the upside of a harsh sentence ? 
  i ca n't , that depends on the situation . 
  knowing that 's what i meant is _ common sense _ . 
  a hypothetical example , some day we find out that there 's still a law from a few hundred years ago allowing the landlord to force the tenants to work for him for x days a year or something . 
  it 's common sense to advocate to change the law as soon as it 's discovered . 
  maybe not an example that comes through but an example nevertheless . 
  thanks for the somewhat hostile comment and downvote , though . 
  morals and/or common sense and/or evidence based on studies etc. 
  there 's a lot of overlap with religion , of course , but religious people often have a tendency to force their religious customs to non-religious people when they bring their religion to lawmaking . 
  because they want to make queuing as pleasant as possible to get more people to queue ? 
  they do n't have to but it 's very possible that they _ want to _ . 
  that 's why you and your friends went different routes . 
  to be fair , everything is shaped like a dildo if you have enough courage and imagination . 
  they 'll give them new ones , though . 
  generally when you are prone to being kicked out enough , they 'll just give you one in a place full of degenerates just like you where people do n't get kicked out . 
  nobody is left without a place to live unless they do n't want help themselves . 
  that 's pretty much completely useless in warfare , although very handy in the olympics . 
  that 's cross country skiing , though . 
  they do n't have much in common to be honest . 
  we always got our instructions as `` an unknown enemy is attacking from the east '' or `` an unknown enemy has performed a flanking maneuver and is attacking from the north/west/south '' . 
  my funniest memory in the army is related to skiing . 
  there was this one fellow conscript who had narcolepsy . 
  he was skiing in front of me , we 'd been skiing for hours already and during one long descend he started to slowly sway towards right , correcting course a moment later each time . 
  then , getting close to the bottom he swayed once more , going further and further right and suddenly just fell and flew all over the place , a ski going that way and a rifle the other , everything all over the place . 
  that fucker just fell asleep while skiing with a 40kg backpack on his back , rifle on his chest and wearing rubber boots . 
  when i realised what happened a few seconds later , i laughed so hard i could n't keep up either . 
  there we were , two guys in a ditch trying to recover all the lost gear . 
  even the armoured troops need to train , completely legit . 
  no we do n't . 
  no , i get it . 
  i just disagree with it , like most others seem to . 
  i did n't . 
  i understood that you personally do n't like some of his stuff but the majority of his fans seems to disagree . 
  obviously . 
  it 's still not supposed to be an achievement of any kind so it 's strange that you point that out like it not being one as somehow negative . 
  back when i was in school in the 90s we usually had a long list of suggestions to help us find something we liked and if that was n't enough we could show the teacher a book we 'd like to read instead . 
  there 's no excuses not to read _ something _ , when you have a capable teacher and a well equipped library . 
  even the worst students found something they liked . 
  as it happens , that was the first thing i read from him and i thought it was great when i was a kid . 
  surprisingly , people seem to enjoy different things , believe it or not . 
   i do n't consider reading books a noteworthy achievement at all in the modern world . 
  i do n't think it has been a noteworth achievement in hundreds of years . 
  there world is filled with five year olds who can read , of course it is n't an achievement . 
  that does n't mean it 'd be somehow less interesting . 
  wow , talking to you is like pulling teeth . 
  are you saying that the soviets only fought the nazis ? 
  or perhaps that we should n't talk about the atrocities committed by them because you do n't like to acknowledge them ? 
  either way , if you feel like continuing the conversation , drop the revisionist version of history and we can . 
  until then you can fuck right off . 
  i do n't feel like playing dumb with you . 
  i do n't see how your situation changes anything i said . 
  as for the rest , they could also just forget they 're next to us and nuke us away or earth might stumble into an alien race eating us for breakfast or we might suddenly decide we really want to become russian all of a sudden . 
  all that could happen . 
  it 's not very likely but they could . 
   it sounds great on paper but realistically they are n't going to shut down society and leave their families at the mercy of the invaders . 
  does it sound great ? 
  i 'm not so sure about that . 
  i did n't say anyone would shut down society and leave their families at the mercy of the invaders . 
  you do n't seem to understand what i said . 
  people would n't be running to the forests and camp there with hundreds of thousands of others . 
  people would largely stay home , do what they do . 
  and every once and a while occupying force would suddenly blow up or end up in an ambush , while in a city supposedly in their control . 
  you ca n't get rid of stuff like that by force , unless you kill or capture literally everyone . 
  that 's the point , it 's impossible to fight against . 
  the only way for that to end is for the occupied people to stop resisting , the occupant ca n't do much to stabilize the area by force . 
  you seem to confuse what i said to some grand strategy to throw the possible invaders out of the country or something . 
  in reality the goal is to make it so unpleasant and costly that nobody will even occupy to begin with . 
  that 's all there is to it . 
  and that 's clearly untrue in many other ways than with estonia . 
  you 're advocating some sort of weird revisionistic view of history . 
  i 'm hoping that 's because you do n't know any better , but probably you just prefer to see things in a questionable light . 
  if they did n't send soviet soldiers to attack the peoples they occupied , who exactly did they send ? 
  do you even hear yourself speak ? 
  you 're beyond ridiculous , painting the soviets as some kind of superheroes . 
  so the soviet soldiers do n't represent the soviets ?
