  many scientists probably believe it as individuals but them being scientists is irrelevant in that case . 
  i 'm having a hard time believing that any respectable scientists claimed that as a professional opinion on the matter , lacking any evidence either way . 
  that 's what it 's probably trying to be , although the word is calcio in italian . 
  huh , i missed that . 
  thanks for adding to my annoyance . 
  that italian futebolo bothers me , though . 
  we do realise this is n't a big city in any but finnish standards . 
  it 's still a city , though , there 's not too many of those either in here , haha . 
  `` perkeleen pojat '' sounds like something an old grumpy man would yell at the neighborhood kids , though , haha . 
  of course . 
  literally every finn was raped in the helsinki train station on new years eve . 
  we 'd rather not talk about it ... 
  or a tuesday noon . 
  it 's hard to tell . 
  very little . 
  at least when i was in school in the nineties we pretty much left it as a brief history of origins and development of the languages . 
  i ca n't remember anything specific about hungarian being taught ( like similarities/differences on modern finnish and hungarian etc. 
  i 've followed your situation in relation to this for years and it baffles me how ridiculous your political situation has become . 
  all the parties actually state publicly that they 're not going to play ball with sd in any way . 
  i could n't figure out a better way to make sd more popular if i tried . 
  are they really stupid enough to not see what kind of reaction that would get or are they too scared to be called out by others if someone actually did n't demonize them ? 
  whatever you think about sd , the only way they 're becoming so popular is because they have n't gotten the chance they have earned through the democratic process . 
  when they 're marginalized despite of the outcome of the elections , that has an effect in the next elections , so on , so forth . 
  here in finland the true finns initially gained support through similar idiotic behavior but when they grew enough , the other parties wisened up and changed tactics . 
  in the last elections , they were included in the government and what happened ? 
  their support is now less than half of that at the elections . 
  when the newcomers have to put their money where their mouth is , things get increasingly difficult for them . 
  as long as they 're just ignored , they can criticize everything to collect political capital without a risk of being called out on it . 
  the increased responsibility really does hurt if your policies are n't based on reality . 
  easier said than done , though . 
  ** edit : ** apparently tackling people smuggling is easy . 
  okay then . 
  not a major team , at least any more than other serie a regulars , but their way of constantly developing great players has made them more noteworthy . 
  also , who does n't love di natale ? 
  here in finland the worst thing you can do is call someone a liar , which practically never happens . 
  people just `` speak as much of a truth as they can '' or `` are economical with thruth '' . 
  although one mp was carried out by two janitors in the seventies after he just kept talking way past his time was up . 
  who picks someone up from their crotch ? 
  that does n't seem practical at all . 
  all those politicians , completely disconnected from the real world , ca n't even do manual labor picking people up the right way !, 
  to my understanding the revolution was more of a result of several tsars badly suited for the position in a row , more than the life being generally unbearable to begin with . 
  of course there were a lot of other factors too but in a monarchy it 's built into the system that sometimes a leader that 's not fit for the task ends up at the top . 
  if it happens multiple times in relatively short period it can ruin an empire . 
  i do n't know much about other parts of the empire than our own corner but at least in here the political situation swayed a lot between tsars and officials , contributing to the popularity of our independence movement . 
  it 's really difficult to keep smiling for long without looking like a maniac , so yes . 
  if they smiled , they 'd look like the old news reporters when they 've finished and waiting for the cut that takes longer than expected , just left hanging there staring at the camera uncomfortably . 
  that one from saimaa with the cabin and boats looks like it could 've been taken today . 
  also the vyborg castle one has only a few small buildings on the left side behind it , the city has grown a lot since then . 
  there is also a few more pictures from vyborg if you 'll change the search term . 
  you got yours early on , so fuck the rest ? 
  obviously nobody thinks the wars were a good thing but the situation around the turn of the century was already quite tense and a war was in the air for a while before it erupted . 
  no one realised how devastating it 'd be but _ something _ was always going to happen . 
  might as well get something good out of it , like our and many other countries independence . 
  you made it sound like the war happened because of the independence movements , instead of us just taking advantage of the war happening . 
  and not doing the best possible job on rehabilitating the criminals , leading to more crime overall , is on you . 
  i 'd rather take the hypothetical blame for hypothetical situation than act contrary to an actual proven fact that one system works better than the other in preventing crime . 
  not every criminal walks out of prison in here either . 
  if someone is deemed to be a threat to society they stay locked up . 
  we just do n't do it for fun . 
  that 's what we do to criminals around here . 
  we sentence them according to the law and , here 's the important part , do n't kill them . 
   it 's just so funny to me . 
  i do n't even know why we do n't all just go to finland and commit heinous crimes just to live the good life over there . 
  the sentence is n't about getting back at the criminal . 
  it 's about what 's best for us as a society . 
  prisons with decent living conditions actually help us reduce the overall crime rate . 
  which would you rather do , punish criminals just for the sake of it or less crime to begin with ? 
  i know my answer for that . 
  luckily someone burns down a refugee center every night to balance things out ... ^ ^ ^ ^ / s, 
  i thought the real victims were the ones slaughtered in iraq . 
  i do n't think this has much of an effect on finnish muslims . 
  the refugee situation has already brought out a lot of ridiculous statements and actions , this will likely just be one detail in the bigger picture . 
  at least locally i have n't noticed any more hate towards muslims per se ( then again , i 'm not muslim so i might be wrong ) , just towards the most recent refugees . 
  not that it 's any better , obviously . 
  yeah , silly us opposing both of the violent extremist groups wishing to solve issues peacefully and rationally . 
  some definitely are . 
  i would n't use the word `` guarantee '' even in that situation . 
  better than the current situation , sure , but i ca n't see it as a guarantee if the situation arose . 
  it sure is nice to form a fund to help when you 're supplying weaponry to the attacker . 
  the co-operating with nazis was pretty much all we could do , considering that the rest of the world rather took the side of the soviets attacking us . 
  did n't seem to be the last time it happened . 
  cv90s are brilliant , got to play with one for a year . 
  as one of our officers put it : `` driving these is possibly the most fun thing you can do with pants on and not that bad with them off either . '', 
  implying the us would n't have meddled in the middle east for decades as well . 
  sure , the map seems to be pretty loose in its definition for the sake of more interesting results . 
  i 'd need a passport to visit grandma . 
  i do n't think they 're any more `` whiny '' from the southern perspective than any other people from more remote areas . 
  that 's just how our country is , the south is more populated and therefore more wealthy , so it must support the rest of the country to some level . 
  besides , the sami have been treated like shit in fairly recent past , they do have something to whine about . 
  what about sami ? 
  i 've heard someone suggesting a sort of separation , would that only affect norway , finland and russia ? 
  that 's not a very realistic scenario and i 'm not sure if it 'd qualify as a separatist movement in the first place but still . 
  pretentious people are annoying , that i can agree with . 
  yeah , he did n't say anything like that , though . 
   opera is a medium bound to die and kept alive by a select elite . 
  i am pretty sure those people do n't like it either . 
  `` i do n't like it , therefore no one in europe can like it . '', 
  it 'll hit harder on generations far from retirement , that should 've been done ages ago to have any meaningful results . 
  the current load of different programs spread across multiple different bureucratic systems handling different things is n't free either . 
  i do n't think the cost would be much different either way but we 'd get to cut down on needless bureucracy .
