  yeah , you seem to be much more heated with this issue than i am . 
  you apparently have some sort of ideological crusade going on , that would explain the disconnect with reality and why you would defend her and attack the rest of reddit despite all the evidence . 
  if it makes you feel better and helps you win the respect of your peers , you can keep saying i was out of line calling her nasty words . 
  after all , she was only humorously being sexist and racist and i very nearly devoted my life to being mean to unsuspecting nice ladies . 
  luckily for everyone , you stumbled on the scene and put me in my place before that happened , huh . 
  anyway , until you come up with something that actually contributes something new , i 'm not going to keep saying the same things all over again . 
  your disproportionate reaction to my one single comment is pretty unbelievable . 
  if someone calls for a genocide , she is a cunt . 
  that 's all there is to it . 
  i do n't see why you 're making this comment chain dozen comments long with comments defending her and complaining about everyone else . 
  she was in the wrong . 
  why is the whole thing such a big deal to you ? 
  apparently she did . 
  i would n't know . 
  she apparently does n't mean anything she says while meaning them simultaneously when it benefits her . 
  that is very confusing for me , as a simple man . 
  so you think calling someone advocating publicly for a genocide a cunt is untrue and wrong ? 
  if so , do you think advocating for a genocide is normal or do you mean that genocide would be so small a thing that we should reserve the word cunt for someone more deserving ? 
   oh come on kid for someone who reacts so strongly to my comment , you sure are n't taking long to try to belittle me . 
  i guess `` you do not mean it lol '' . 
   oh come on kid , i bet you 've made darker jokes than bahar mustafi 's . 
  you 're not calling anybody out , you 're just telling whoever 's reading how much you hate her . 
  sure i 've made all kinds of jokes . 
  privately . 
  if you call people to kill a half of a race publically , you 're bound to have some backlash and you deserve it . 
  i do not hate her , but i know that her type of a person is someone who i describe like i did . 
  that much i can tell just from her comments on this issue . 
  it does n't mean that i feel strongly about her in any way , it was you who initiated this whole conversation long after i made the single comment . 
   and i do n't really get what you 're trying to say with your last few sentences . 
  how about you read them again then , it 's really quite simple english . 
  you seem to defend everything she said , but find my description of her worth writing multiple comments about . 
  she called for a genocide and i called her a cunt for doing it . 
  that is the definition of hypocritical . 
   bahar mustafi does not want you or me to get killed lol . 
  that 's what she wrote . 
  that alone makes her a retarded cunt , whether she meant it or not . 
   i 'm not angry at anything , i 'm just pointing out that people in this thread are talking incredibly hatefully about such a non-incident . 
  which seems hypocritical . 
  you 're downplaying her , `` she does n't mean what she says lol '' . 
  still , you are awfully persistant to lecture me about calling her out . 
  which seems hypocritical . 
  i am also perfectly happy without doing that and just as happy to do it . 
  her actions have made her open for that kind of language , me being someone she 'd like to get killed for one . 
  it seems you 're getting angry at me calling her out more than her doing what she did . 
  maybe , if that was what i did . 
  i remember calling someone who advocates for killing all men for their race while claiming she ca n't be racist because of her background and set of genitals a retarded cunt , though . 
  that 's because i do n't need to know any other facts to make that assessment . 
  if you can come up with a reasonable explanation why it 's indeed a good idea to kill all white men or advocate it and how it makes sense that she could n't be a racist because she 's `` an ethnic minority woman '' , i 'm all ears . 
  i 'd consider it for being a murderous racist and a retarded cunt . 
  i 'd also take a deep look to the mirror on what i 'd done wrong to make her like that . 
  it really is n't a problem as there 's no overlap in ice hockey countries and field hockey countries . 
  if everyone just called their game hockey and stayed at home we 'd get along fine . 
  the play is on even during dead ball situations , though . 
  it has been done multiple times regarding imported cars . 
  the results are always the same , finland loses , the government and customs stall as long as they can , they change the laws/procedures slightly , although still breaking the eu principles , and wait to be sued again . 
  changing anything even slightly can take over a decade after going through all the legal hurdles with little to no results . 
   `` mun my grandmum i like my mammani , my mammani i have mine . '', 
  i do n't think i 've heard that before . 
  orientation and color are indeed irrelevant when identifying something as a swastika , that is true and i never claimed otherwise . 
  however , orientation and color are necessary when identifying something as a _ nazi symbol swastika _ which is a completely different matter and you 're just as aware of it as i am . 
  every nazi swastika is a swastika , not every swastika is a nazi symbol . 
  as everyone can see from the dozens of downvotes ( at the moment an impressive -183 ) in this thread , you 're either the thickest person on the continent or a troll . 
  continuing this discussion with either is a useless waste of time . 
  the symbol is different . 
  if you look at them side by side , they are completely different , from color to orientation and absolutely everything but the basic shape . 
  if you 're claiming otherwise , you 're blatantly lying . 
  it 's as simple as that . 
  if you have to be dishonest with yourself to be able to be outraged , maybe there 's actually nothing to be outraged about . 
  it 's still a different symbol . 
  your inability to comprehend that is your own problem . 
  apart from being completely false . 
  nobody is having a `` military boner '' over anything . 
  military boners are n't even a thing in here . 
  it 's like saying wearing a grey overcoat means having a military boner towards the nazis as they too wore grey overcoats . 
  that 's just ludicrous . 
  in a finnish article he was quoted saying he took the picture when attending a flight show where the rebuilt plane was flown for the first time in seventy years . 
  that sounds as innocent a reason one could have for a picture in their facebook profile . 
  even if it would 've been a nazi plane , that would 've been completely normal thing to do . 
   this does n't mean they should be excluded . 
  if they can make the standards , i think they can be in combat roles . 
  not lowering the standards is the important bit . 
  we both certainly agree on that part . 
  lowering the standards is n't an option when people 's lives depend on being able to perform at the set level . 
   as far as problems that come with women in combat ... ... problems in extremely high stress situations . 
  sexual assault , etc. 
   training missions are completely different from the real thing . 
  you really can not replicate the effects of life threatening situations and how they affect people . 
  that is also true . 
  luckily , we do n't have any experience on `` the real thing '' with women fighting , so it 's hard to say if and how it would change the dynamic of the groups . 
  it 's probable that it would have some sort of an effect , one way or another . 
   like i said , i just think it is mostly unnecessary and not worth it to try and squeeze out the little benefit women can offer in combat roles . 
  have them in non-combat roles and fill those areas . 
  there are a lot of different roles and i agree that it 's probably not necessary to have women in every duty there is but there are plenty of branches where they can generally perform just as well as men . 
  not all people , men or women , are suitable for all the roles anyway , especially in a conscript army with wildly varying `` quality '' . 
   i find it strange that you are not willing to concede that men are generally stronger than women . 
  not only is this basically established as fact , it is obvious when just observing men and women . 
  you misunderstand me , average man obviously is stronger than an average woman . 
  if we had a professional army with people devoted to being good soldiers , most of the best ones would undoubtedly be men . 
  what i meant by the comment was that in here men only serve from 6 months to 12 months . 
  all men .
