the article probably meant that we get all our gas from russia which is true iirc . 
  not that it 's as big an issue as they make it seem , i think we can replace the three stoves that use that gas and we 're golden , we do n't actually need it for anything critical . 
  i actually was in stockholm in sweden , the bride is my sos second generation immigrant swedish cousin . 
  there were dozens of relatives traveling there from serbia on top of the swedish serbs so it really was n't a typical nordic wedding , once the serbian band started playing even us grumpy finns were pretty much all in , haha !, 
  last summer i was attending a wedding with a serbian groom , it was absolutely brilliant !, 
  we had very limited vocabulary in common languages with half the people in there but it was definitely one of the best weddings i 've been to !, 
  i 'm not sure how all the older family members survived all the dancing without heart attacks , though ... 
  this is n't uncommon in finland either in open-air markets . 
  finns rarely haggle about anything but open-air market seems to be the place , maybe it 's part of the experience and age old way of doing business there . 
  it 's a different place than a modern shop with printed out prices next to neatly packed boxes . 
  that 's what you said , not me . 
  got it . 
  you are fighting to abolish childrens basic human rights . 
  i guess that 's within your rights to do that . 
  unless you 're a kid , of course . 
  you 're cutting corners in there on top of being an asshole about it . 
  there are so many different forms of fgm and the least destructive ones could be compared to mgm . 
  that being said , it 's completely irrelevant as people should n't be allowed to mutilate any kids , regardless of their gender . 
  also it makes you look cheap if you tip a random amount as people generally do n't do exact math when tipping . 
  check is for 37.50 $ , you tip 2.50 $ , it seems normal . 
  check is for 37.50 $ , you tip 15 % , round it to 43 $ , i 'm left wondering were you too cheap to go for even 45 $ altough i got more . 
  if he was born in norway to parents who are living in norway they kind of have to give him citizenship . 
  they ca n't just pick a country at random and call their embassy and ask for a passport . 
  ... for now . 
  ... and now i 'm crying before morning coffee . 
  about stupid sexy swedish hockey players in their stupid sexy olympic golds . 
  the worst kind of crying , altough disturbingly frequent . 
  i would 've gone with genetics . 
  people from different areas generally have slightly different physiques making it a bit more likely to be successful in different sports . 
  that and having success in a sport brings loads of kids to the sport in question making it even more probable that there 's a few great ones in the larger pool of athletes . 
  most of the countries have a bunch of medalists , though . 
  we finns and swedes do struggle in that area because of all the strong we have . 
  wait , what ? 
  also , if they were truly afraid of it , they 'd realized already that invading our airspace and intimidating both military and civilian vessels/aircrafts constantly has pushed us closer to joining nato than anything apart from actual war declaration could . 
  do n't worry , here in finland the police have traditionally only disturbed the local fans so your guys are set for tomorrow . 
  i 'd love to change the current government and would n't mind getting a king out of it . 
  it 's a deal !, 
  also , we would finally get the hockey gold medal in the next olympics . 
  you 're full of shit , no they are n't . 
  but that 's nothing new from you , i 'm not sure if i 've ever seen a comment from you that made sense . 
  so neither that is then . 
  our trains are italian made , much like their cars : really comfortable and nice to look at but randomly break down all over ... 
  yes , you 're right . 
  there 's a bunch of companies running ferries between cities , all have multiple crossings both ways daily . 
  there certainly is demand even as is and if the travel time would be even shorter i could definitely see a lot of growth in commuting . 
  it is done already but it would blow up instantly . 
  and i would assume the travel times via rails would get faster in the future as well . 
  life pro tip right here . 
  it 's really important to show your appreciation for things locals do . 
  i 've always admired how well the cosa nostra runs things . 
  if they do it by flying a flag , no . 
  i 've seen flags of nazi germany flown and that mainly shows me not to associate with the people doing it as they 're clearly a bunch of idiots . 
  i would n't . 
  i 'd be nervous if he started to construct gallows in his back yard or asked to borrow fertilizer to build a bomb but i 'm not scared of a piece of a cloth . 
  i think that 's more the case of `` the hangover will come but i 'll decide the the date '' . 
  we actually have a song with that title . 
  those are really expensive crisps for us , though . 
  with the amount of money we shovel in there you 'd think they at least got rid of their ridiculous discriminating laws . 
  if sweden still wants them , i would n't mind at all . 
  when you put it like that it 's even more impressive than her immortality . 
  i 've never thought about that . 
  there is n't a soldier in the world dumb enough to patrol a border and accidentally cross it to go dozens of kilometres into another country . 
  all swedes are equally gay . 
  some poor ignorant people try to extend it to swedish speaking finns as well but everyone knows that 's just unfounded and hateful bigotry . 
  to my knowledge only us finns are aware of your gayness , i have n't heard others joke about that . 
  it 's probably cheaper to blow up a bit of tracks if needed than redo the whole railway system . 
  i would n't mind a railway tunnel from helsinki to tallinn , though . 
  it would be cool to eventually take a train to central europe . 
  architecture in some parts of helsinki and st. petersburg is intentionally very similar and partly designed by same people . 
  damn civilized central europeans with their fancy non-lethal drinking habits . 
  no talking to strangers either and remember to reserve the seat next to you for your bag . 
  i really like ours but that picture is n't very good . 
  i 've always liked how the huge stone building is right there next to the largest street when people come to the center of helsinki . 
  i think the simpleness is a great contrast to kiasma 's modern design just across the street and now the glass of musiikkitalo too . 
  i could n't find a good picture with them both in it but here 's the whole [ building ] ( http://www.vastavalo.fi/albums/userpics/12625/normal_eduskuntatalo-0.jpg ) for the interested . 
  i even saw a nissan as a taxi !, 
   i took rides on 190e taxis ( in lisbon ) which had more than 800.000 km on the counter . 
  that happened to me in helsinki one time . 
  the new merc had broken down and he had to bring back the old thing for a few days . 
  it was kind of cool for a change . 
  as a pens fan , i approve of this message . 
  til . 
  in finland you 're only allowed to draw a number in the circle . 
  in every booth there 's a list of everyone who 's running with their numbers for you to see . 
  yes , we vote the person , then all the votes for people in the party are counted to determine how many seats said party gets . 
  the person with most votes gets the first seat and so forth . 
  i understand that in sweden parties themselves decide the order of the candidates to go through , correct ? 
  it would be disqualified for having extra markings in all the places i 'm aware of . 
  it would make it too open for interpretation if they allowed some additional scribbles . 
  you ca n't go wrong with humppa !, 
  enforcing it would mean there 's someone watching you while voting which is kind of forbidden too . 
  so just like ( almost ) all the other countries with pirate parties then ? 
  only time they 're in media is because other parties need to badmouth someone ... 
  a keeper can legally charge to punch the ball away . 
  that was never a foul , every keeper does that i 'm basically every corner . 
  he hit the ball way before the collision . 
  had neuer missed the ball you 'd have a point but for now it seems you do n't know anything about football and should quit bitching . 
  well i 'm glad you were able to hold the standards throughout this . 
  fuck you . 
  it was reasonable suggestion after your previous comment :  movies nowadays are `` entertainment '' , made to pass the time , to make you feel good for a short while .
