  it 's a small market , but there are some that could use them even today . 
  i bet it 'll be better in a decade with better batteries , charging and denser network of charging stations . 
  why is that ? 
  i was under the impression that they work decently during winters as well ? 
  absolutely . 
  and even if we entertained their idea about paganism , finns had their own version of paganism and there certainly was no odin . 
  so even in that sense , they screwed up . 
  that 's understandable , though , figuring out a name in english and a norse god sound pretty cool if you 're 12 and making up a secret society with your buddies and those guys are practically overgrown children anyway . 
  it hardly goes unnoticed , it just understandably takes the backseat . 
  virtually . 
  so brush up on that 360noscope . 
  it 's amusing that they use both a foreign language and a foreign god in their name . 
  that is just too perfect for a bunch of retarded loonies `` protecting the local culture '' . 
  they sure have taken their time to come up with anything concrete . 
  i 've heard a lot of talk for at least a decade and a half , yet very little to show for it until recently . 
   are you really sure you 're not a soviet country ? 
  at the time those were built ? 
  it 's hard to say , really ... 
  definitely worth an honorable mention . 
  i was sure it 'll be there . 
  yes , that 's kind of my point . 
  modern first world countries finally figuring out that children should have basic human rights as well as adults is hardly `` the first step to persecuting jews . '', 
  if they were smart , they 'd stop cutting kid dicks . 
  that 'd make it impossible to take the first step to persecuting jews . 
  i was there last week and while i loved everything i found it funny that it was cheaper to just turn on dataroaming on my finnish phone than pay the hotel for a wifi . 
  duh , only one player throws at a time , what do you think the rest are doing ? 
  maybe it 's regional then , i would n't know . 
  at least in my circles pretty much anyone interested in sports follow both football and hockey . 
  there 's plenty of people who give a shit about football . 
  there 's like a billion people playing it globally , we just ca n't expect to do very well when it 's not even our most popular sport and there 's only 5.5 million of us . 
  that 's because in the states everything undesirable can be described as socialist . 
  how much value should be given to comments that do n't even try to be factual ? 
  dumb parisians , they should 've traded the cars for helicopters . 
  yeah , it was strange . 
  it 's astonishing and a bit scary to think how eagerly people actually start believing in anything , no matter how crazy , in a situation like that . 
  at the time i remember the music being blamed a lot . 
  i remember there even being rumors about some sort of `` satanic cults '' or whatever , trying to recruit teenagers , even reported in the papers and warning kids about in schools at the time . 
  then again , i lived in hyvink\u00e4\u00e4 back then , so maybe the rest of the country was n't as ridiculous as hyvink\u00e4\u00e4 was , considering that 's where it happened . 
  the early versions were lacking features but it got better . 
  i 've used more recent ones at work and they 're actually pretty good and would be a decent choice for some crowd and i like the hardware a lot . 
  if they only got it better earlier it might have taken off , now there 's just no reason to get one instead of androids . 
  yeah , the same thing happened in finland a few years later after a few black metal fans tortured and chopped up someone . 
  fortunately the outrage was forgotten relatively quickly . 
  at least in finland those are n't considered flags . 
  sure , but as an anthem , it 's a great song . 
  i was n't trying to be clever or overly pedantic . 
  i was just trying to figure out some sort of a ballpark figure to understand the idea she tried to get across . 
  the answer seemed as reasonable as any other arbitrary definition in the thread , everyone has their own reasons and none of them seem any more rational than the others . 
  it 's a great question by op . 
  for me it 's not primarily about the looks , though . 
  the main thing is the accent . 
  if someone speaks with a strong regional dialect , my first reaction is that they 're somehow `` more finnish '' than someone else who speaks more neutrally , even if both are fluent and sound finnish . 
  i 've never thought of this before but it somehow seems to make sense to me , haha . 
  yeah , that 's pretty much what this whole thread boils down to . 
  for example , i do n't agree with the person i responded to and quite frankly think her definition was a bit silly to me but i really ca n't say why . 
  to me it just seems wrong , while my own definition is n't any more justifiable . 
  my own thoughts on the matter are n't very clear even to myself and i certainly ca n't try to convince anyone else that my view would be `` better '' . 
  it 's not even a shared regional standard , i bet you could ask the question of all the neighbors in my building and get a dozen different answers , without anyone being able to back up their views with anything concrete . 
  this thread is so interesting to read through . 
  you have to become french at some point over generations , though , it 's just a question of how many generations you think it should take . 
  when you go back far enough , by your stated criteria , practically every frenchman is found to be something else . 
  i know you did n't mean it like that , so i was trying to find out how many generations it 'd take for you to consider someone french ? 
  grandparents born in france ? 
  their grandparents ? 
  what about people whose parents or grand parents etc. 
  are from africa or wherever not-france ? 
  do they become french at some point in your eyes ? 
  there 's saunas in restaurants sometimes , usually with private cabinets . 
  you can dine in private and enjoy a few beers in a sauna afterwards . 
  it 's pretty much the best way to start a night out . 
  basement would probably nee a lot more work , especially if you go for a wooden one which is a lot better . 
  the key to a good sauna is ventilation which might be tricky to get right when added as an afterthought . 
  if you can , the easiest way would be to build it like a garden shed , separate from the house . 
  that way it 's easy to ventilate and you can have a wooden stove without added hassle of getting a chimney for it through the house . 
  a beer wo n't hurt and an experienced sauna goer can feel it when they 're getting too hot . 
  for first timers it 's probably for the best to go there soberish to get used to the feeling . 
  electric ones are heated with a stove too . 
  an electric stove . 
  and yes , you still throw water to it . 
  without water it 's just a hot room , not a sauna . 
  we 've done it at home or in sports bars a lot , would be nice at the arena as well . 
  there 's an another room to cool down in between attached , nobody 's going to sit in a sauna for a few hours in one go . 
  i bet there 's more saunas in finland than in germany and the states combined . 
  you 're wrong , and more importantly an idiot . 
  germany and the us are doing it wrong then . 
  oh , i get it now . 
  you 're ignorant _ and _ a moron . 
  i thought i was speaking to a normal person , sorry for the confusion . 
  you have no idea what youre talking about . 
  then again it 's hardly surprising , when you 're taking advice on building saunas fron germans and americans . 
  i 'm sure they 're much better at it than finns , you know , the people that actually invented the concept and loaned the word for it to pretty much every language ... 
  in reality , saunas are heated with a stove , period . 
  no additional heating below the benches or anywhere else . 
  for a bigger sauna , there 's a bigger stove , surprisingly . 
   like 30 year old  older oh come on , we 're not _ that _ old yet ... 
  right ? 
  average . 
  not lowest , average . 
  a lot of the time it 's colder than that . 
  even for someone used to cold temperatures that seems a bit much .
