  to me most of eurovision sounds like noise with no backstory . 
  it 's almost as if it was up to personal preferences . 
  sure , i just noted that by doing that the owner could very well end up homeless himself . 
  damage done to that single mcdonald 's franchiser is pretty significant , quite possibly ending his business . 
  it 's completely unfair to expect the owner to run a homeless center . 
  if someone feels like he should , maybe they should take a few homeless people to live in their place . 
  as you said , the civilized way is to arrange the society in a way that people do n't need to be homeless in the first place . 
  they do n't need anyone to sign contracts for themselves , nor does their producer influence the songs any more than any other producer . 
  they write their music themselves , they wanted to perform at the competition themselves and had to go through a competition in finland which allowed them to participate after winning it . 
  they even were n't the choice of the jury in that competition , so much for your `` corporate agenda '' . 
  the fact is , we as a people thought they were the best act and voted them heavily enough to get them through _ despite _ the `` corporate '' jury wanting someone else . 
  you 're free to not like them but they are the guys we wanted to go . 
  so the problem was lack of melody and screaming ? 
  are you sure you 're familiar with punk ? 
  not if you run a mcdonald 's . 
  great . 
  keep at it , guys !, 
  rarely anything out of the ordinary . 
  yeah , we just need to get someone with boobs to stand next to wind machine singing the last years winning song from now on . 
  naw , fuck it . 
  i 'd rather lose in style from now on . 
  the lucky lukes of europe . 
  came to see finnish at the top . 
  done . 
  pretty muscular to be `` obese '' , yes . 
  for over 25 you only need to be generally sturdy . 
  i do n't think it 's as indicative of fat after that point . 
  you do n't have a lot of muscle mass to be over 25 . 
  she does n't and i 'd definitely vote for her too . 
  all i meant was that the world is full of people who rather lie about uncomfortable small things to their loved ones to keep them happy than tell the ugly truth when there 's practically no way to get caught in a lie . 
  there 's nothing wrong with that . 
  which would work if the person is reasonable . 
  as we have all seen from reddit , bunch of people lack the balls to do that and/or lie to avoid an unpleasant scene . 
  what would you say if your spouse , family member or a coworker was running ? 
  i agree it seems odd that multiple people claim to have voted for him but it 's not proof of anything . 
  edit : apparently i not reddit very good . 
  i meant to respond to the one comment above this one ... 
  it 's not proven in any way . 
  he might have voted for someone else or filled his slip wrong in someway in an attempt to vote for himself . 
  zlatan took off about 85 mins per match in milan , though , he just used the remaining 5 to win the game alone . 
  do you guys sell the antimagnetic dishwashers separately ? 
  i hate it when my iron pans always come flying from the stove and stick to the diswasher when i turn it on . 
  if people answered to all the stupid shit they do nobody had time to do anything else . 
  since true finns multiplied their base several times over in the last parlamentary elections they had some pretty wacko people elected . 
  my favourite one is an older guy who , despite claiming he does n't drink at all before he got elected , managed to pass out at a local hell 's angels subdivision headquarters forgetting his briefcase filled with government papers after him , got himself into a some sort of online dating scam with a woman , sent dick picks to another and randomly appeared completely hammered all over , including at work , during his four years in the parliament . 
  and he was n't even the guy who got kicked out of the party . 
  after all that , last night he apparently got 64 % more votes than the last time and got in for a second term !, 
  i 'm at loss for words . 
  i have a few friends in downtown helsinki with gas stoves , one of them is kind of fat , so i suppose the fat one uses about 60 % and the other one about 40 % of our gas . 
  the graph is really misleading for finland , the amount of gas we use is negligible . 
  being part of any sanctions back in the cold war days would 've been completely impossible . 
  finlandization was so strong that anyone in politics who even spoke too harshly about anything to do with the soviet union was sure to find themselves off the trail . 
  only way to bring back that atmosphere would be for russia to intimidate finland ( and other neighboring countries as well ) back to finlandization , which seems to be what they are trying to do . 
  probably not entirely to get others in line but to keep russia united . 
  well that 's all about how you define things . 
  i agree with both interpretations , personally . 
  i believe they look something [ like this ] ( http://www.hel.fi/wps/wcm/connect/07feba00433ac2fd9996df09ead44af8/2/kelluva-sauna-web.jpg?mod=ajperes&amp;cacheid=07feba00433ac2fd9996df09ead44af8/2 ), 
  coincidentally , we have a saying `` a russian is a russian even when fried in butter . '', 
  not sure if he still is if accidentally burned . 
   two nuclear states i bet that would go splendidly . 
  so finland can into baltic ? 
  in finland there 's also no russian minority within the society , they are well integrated within the finnish society as a whole , not keeping to themselves in segregated towns or strong russian communities . 
  basically they 're just people who also speak russian and sometimes have a perverted desire to cheer for a hockey team in red jerseys as well as white . 
  i guess that 's the biggest difference to former soviet countries , to me it seems their russian population was often moved there during soviet rule or left on the wrong side of the border at some point . 
  i can see how that could create some tension between different groups . 
  pretty much all the parties are for increasing or keeping the same military budget after the coming elections , to my understanding . 
  the need to cut costs is real , but it does n't mean the savings should be taken from everything equally . 
  given the current situation , savings on military spending that has already had pretty hefty cuts and is in need of a few major investments in the near future , is n't smart . 
  i 've always found that reasoning really stupid . 
  it 's not like they would be hauling people from their homes to join a war somewhere , nato does n't work like that and our constitution does n't work like that . 
  also , we already have more volunteers than needed for peace keeping missions and rapid deployment forces as it is , in all likelihood those would be the kind of operations we would be participating as a nato country . 
  letting a volunteer go and do what they think is right is n't a bad thing , i wish them well and any casualties are obviously bad , but the people know the risks and are willing to go despite of them . 
  interesting , makes sense . 
  that 's a tough situation to correct , hoping for the economy to get some traction would probably be the biggest thing to help the situation . 
  you 'd think the ones selling them would lower the prices ? 
  in finland as well . 
  although i went to school from 92 onwards , but i suppose they still have presidents on the wall . 
  i do n't see it as political in the same way as we had at least half a dozen former presidents in there , not only the current one . 
  it seemed kind of educational , `` here 's the faces of our recent presidents so you know them '' kind of thing . 
   humorous shut up already . 
  you guys are n't part of it . 
  as i 'm sure you 're aware . 
  that 's possible , languages are similar enough to understand bits here and there . 
  i have no idea about estonian dubbing habits , though . 
  any private channel should obviously broadcast whatever they like but i do n't find it appropriate to broadcast only one type of religious worship while simultaneously legally obligated to be for equality between groups . 
  especially when people who believe something completely else are forced to pay for it . 
  the least they should do is to be inclusive of all angles or stay out of practicing religion completely . 
  i agree with you . 
  in the later part i was n't referring to your post , just a general observation about the current situation . 
  having everyone in finland pay a specific tv tax to promote one religion over all others does n't seem fair so i thought maybe it should be changed to something like this permanently , programs about all religions in cultural context . 
  actually i remember people objecting to reading the bible too when they did a similar series with that . 
  although i 'm strongly non-religious and would like to see the state separated from church , i rather them air these shows than have church services broadcasted regularly . 
  holy books of different religions are culturally and historically significant but i do n't think it 's up to the state to promote only one sect of one religion on a weekly basis . 
  in the back where the poor mortals have to travel , probably ... 
  that 's the reason they gave us . 
  then again , cv90 can be pressurized if needed . 
  we still had masks in finland , you have to leave the tank eventually . 
  true , i 'm just holding on to my deal until they try to end the offer and either change for whoever has the best deal that week or talk them to continue the -50 % deal . 
  that is unless a better deal comes around before that . 
  the market seems to work surprisingly well up here for a consumer .
