  i do n't like this game . 
  f1 and rally are both very popular over here , everyone knows at least something about those sports and most people could make a few current and past drivers if asked . 
  we 've always had a bunch of competitive drives in wrc and since keke rosberg won the championship it gained a lot of fans as well , always having finnish competitors has obviously helped to keep it popular over here . 
  i 've never seen ketchup on a pizza in my life . 
  i do n't think that 's a thing . 
  i 've always wondered if him having spent time in finland before reaching st. petersburg have something to do with it . 
  for most people that 's fairly difficult , as the employers have to declare the wages and other benefits of their employees . 
  tax records are also public which makes it easier to get caught if you manage to hide some assets abroad or do some other form of `` creative bookkeeping '' . 
  obviously tax fraud is always possible to a degree but for most people it 's difficult enough to gain anything substantial from it . 
  \u00c5land is in a weird special position in pretty much every possible way , though , not just when it comes to eu . 
  is that the one were the white bearded guy in a gray hat goes around throwing `` sleep sand '' at you ? 
  we were fairly isolated from the actual war , people over here watched from the sidelines and followed the news from `` europe '' , but the war ( or rather the russian revolution triggered by the war ) led to us gaining independence , even without a fight . 
  sadly , that led to an immediate bloody civil war that divided and unstablized the country for decades . 
  over here , the time is n't associated with the ww1 itself but with the independence and atrocities of the civil war . 
  it 's kind of the other way around over here . 
  a creditor can check for your credit history if you 're applying for credit , and if you have n't failed to pay your debts it comes back with a clean record . 
  if you 've had problems with repaying your loans in the past , you 'll get a mark on your record and generally get declined by most creditors until the record gets cleaned , iirc in 3 to 10 years after the loan in question has been dealt with . 
  after passing the credit check , the creditor would consider your financial situation as a whole to determine how much and with what rate they 're willing to lend you . 
  for example , if you 're earning a decent wage and have an ongoing employment with no other debt and possibly even some assets like an apartment or a house , you 'll have no problems getting a decent sized loan . 
  if you 've taken multiple loans or have unstable income , they might consider you a risk and scale back the amount they 're willing to lend you unless you can provide some collateral . 
  yankees caps are fairly common , most of the time people wear them for fashion reasons , not because they follow baseball . 
  if i were to see a logo for any other baseball team i 'd assume the person is a fan and therefore probably an american . 
  as for baseball caps in general , they 're quite common . 
  i 'd say most often you 'll see nhl logos on them , as hockey is as big here as in canada . 
  a lot of people follow the league religiously over here , despite of having to wake up in the middle of the night to watch the games . 
  that sounds about right , a lot of people left to sweden and to smaller towns to escape the bombings . 
  out of curiosity , are these experiences looking for a job in helsinki or somewhere else in the country ? 
  i 'm sorry for what you 're going through , sadly it seems that racism continues to be a problem even in modern finland , even more so in smaller towns . 
  that sounds horrible and sitting inside for the whole day makes you so weary you ca n't possibly learn as well as you could with a few breaks . 
  hopefully they 'll come to their senses . 
  for lunch , we had 45 minutes , although sometimes we agreed with the teacher to start later and not take the 15 minute break scheduled for every hour . 
  that was plenty of time to eat and socialize , often we played football on the yard and when we were older we sometimes skipped school lunch and went to eat somewhere else close by . 
   supposedly , most europeans want a `` muslim ban . '', 
  they do n't . 
  also , the country is sometimes personified and referred as suomi-neito , the finnish maiden . 
  i guess that comes from its shape , the country used to have two `` arms '' up north , although now the eastern one along with the eastern parts in the south are lost making the maiden a bit uneven . 
   they are required by law to respond to all incoming correspondance from citizens . 
  how would that work if they got a massive amount of correspondence regarding a heated issue ? 
  i remember a few years back there was a huge push back against some piece of legislation ( i ca n't remember what the issue was , something privacy related iirc ) and it resulted in someone setting up a system where you can email every mp a slightly personalized letter straight from the website . 
  they got tens of thousands of emails a day and the servers collapsed . 
  would their swedish colleagues figure out a way to respond to something like that ? 
  my grandfather on my father 's side fought in in some of the wars ( finland fought three separate ones during the ww2 ) and lost his hearing in one ear . 
  he died suddenly before i was old enough to hear any details , though . 
  he also lost his home in south karelia and had to relocate to espoo when the soviet union took that part of the country . 
  he took my father to see his home village after the soviet union fell , and my father took me there around 5 years ago . 
  it was a miserable place , very poor and poorly kept , most of the shaky old houses did n't seem to have been renovated since the original owners left . 
  i felt pretty bad for the people having to have lived there for all this time . 
  on my mother 's side my grandfather was the youngest of a large family and he was the only one just a bit too young for the army . 
  he lost some of his older brothers in the wars and felt guilty about not having to fight with them for the rest of his life , that made him a fierce pacifist . 
  my mom still refuses to watch any movies about the wars etc. 
  as they did n't do any of that at home . 
  my mothers grandfather was also imprisoned in a concentration camp during the civil war in 1918 , but it 's unclear whether he actually fought for the red side or not , the civil war was filled with war crimes on both sides and plenty of civilians were made involved . 
  that side of the family was very left leaning at least which might have been reason enough to end up in a camp without actually taking part in a war . 
  it 's hard to say anything certain , a lot of details are hard to verify , to my understanding especially on the red side . 
  that 's not very fair towards our immigrants . 
  i do n't think it 's okay to inflict that pain on anyone , many of those immigrants have had it hard enough as it is . 
  maybe we could use our hockey team to judge that instead , they 've even won a match in the last 500 days !, 
  usually there 's some kind of stereotype these sort of jokes are based on . 
  i can see americans thinking we 're a bit weird , but being creepily interested in strangers private life is like the polar opposite of a stereotypical finn . 
  not to mention kalle being a male name and that accent being horrible , although for once it 's not the russian bond villain one . 
  then again , in impressed how many made up finnish names they had and the airport footage actually had signs in finnish . 
  i 'm not sure if that was said as seriously as you took it , though . 
  of course you 'd say that to lift the blame !, 
  finland almost [ became a kingdom ] ( https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/kingdom_of_finland_ ( 1918 ) after becoming independent in 1917 and the consequent civil war in 1918 . 
  it went as far as choosing the king , price frederick charles of hesse , and the government even sent an official envoy to personally ask him to accept the position . 
  the choice to pick a german was obvious as germany had an important role in the civil war , having trained a few thousand finns in secrecy even before the independence , and once the war broke out they were the backbone of the white army that won the war . 
  the king was supposed to strengthen the ties with germany and give legitimacy to the new kingdom . 
  by the time the envoy reached the newly chosen king , it was becoming clear that germany will lose the great war , and frederic charles decided to stall and not accept the call for the time being . 
  eventually germany became a republic and the political advantage of having a german king vanished , bringing the end to the whole idea of a kingdom . 
  if it had happened , the kingdom of finland would 've been robbed of the beloved and sacred tradition of spending the evening of our independence day watching the president shake hands with thousands of people on live tv . 
  even imagining the loss makes me nauseous !, 
  why what ? 
  they just look ridiculous . 
  there 's nothing more to it . 
  you probably would n't ask why something like an aloha shirt is embarrassing on public , it 's the same deal here . 
  if that 's your thing , go for it . 
  it still does n't look any prettier . 
  they 're pretty horrid . 
  that 'd probably be on my list as well . 
  you guys also took thousands of children to keep safe throughout the war . 
  even though there were some wrongdoings in the program , not surprising considering the enormous operation , that helped to literally save the country 's future . 
  was n't he the quickest ever to fall under 50 % approval rating in only 8 days ? 
  i would n't call that broad support . 
  would americans really watch anything subtitled ? 
  that 's true . 
  although foreigners might also struggle with the excess sunlight during the summer and have trouble sleeping on daylight . 
  some people are more affected by the unusual cycle , there 's a link between the lack of natural light during the winter and depression . 
  personally i 'm more of a month minded person . 
  that 's hardly surprising , considering that system has been in place for centuries ( has it ? 
  decades at least ) . 
  the problem is widely known but for some reason you guys on both sides seem to be okay with it when you 're winning . 
  i do n't think it 's fair to complain when you 're not . 
  i agree that your system is idiotic , though . 
  in that case , the problem is that they have a very large portion of the people who support those views . 
  the thing is , we do n't have cheerleaders , dance teams , bands , sports teams etc. 
  in schools . 
  those are hobbies pursued outside of school . 
  having the school at the center of all activities is a very american way of doing things , we usually have hobbies and interests outside the school setting . 
  if someone wants to be a cheerleader , they 'll join a local gymnastics club , if someone wants to be in a band they 'll job a local music academy or get a few friends together . 
  if someone wants to play a sport , they 'll join one of the local teams for the sport .
