  any part of the food chain needs extensive paper trail and they are inspected all the time . 
  only from copenhagen , though ... 
  well , are you ? 
  i guess it makes sense if enough people are going to pick that option . 
  after all , it 's an opinion poll . 
  well you 're not , when compared to the whole of the eu . 
  you 're a major economy by yourself , while dwarfed by the whole of eu . 
  i do n't see how that 's contradictory . 
   you do n't look like the type of people who 's going to get into a protest a single time in his life , so it does n't matter . 
  i wo n't be going to beat shit up to `` protest '' , you 're right about that . 
  i 've skipped my youthful hooligan larp phase completely , because that shit is retarded . 
  i guess it 's nice to have hobbies , though , so good luck trying to beat up the police , and then wondering why the awful nazi scum police beat you back . 
  really ? 
  it 's really impossible to guess that those anarchist idiots dressed in black are violent , after they 've been violent for days ? 
  you know you 're full of shit . 
  if you are in their path , you are in the middle of a violent protest . 
  if you are in a violent protest , you should expect some violence . 
  avoiding that is simple , stay away from violent protests . 
  you probably should n't join a violent protest if you did n't want to get injured . 
  idiots on one side beating idiots on the other . 
  it 's their own fault . 
  i 'm sure the police just showed up to beat random passers by for no reason . 
  come on , now , do you really need to lie to make your point ? 
  we 're practical people . 
  who 's going to feed the dog after we kill the whole family and ourselves ? 
  leaving dear musti alive would be just cruel . 
  men and women also have different high risk situations . 
  women are more afraid walking home at night , but men would probably feel more in danger in other situations . 
  for example , as a man , i 've never been confronted in the street just walking by someone . 
  i have ended up in a few fights outside of bars , in lines for taxis after the bars have closed or at street food vendors at night . 
  my guess would be that women would feel a bit safer than men in those situations , as they 'd be less likely to be attacked somewhere with a lot of people around . 
  so it 's more accurate than usual . 
  well done , nutjobs !, 
  yeah , i do n't understand that part either . 
  if anything , at least in parts of russia many fruits are more accessible since there 's a lot of suitable land locally . 
  maybe they were from somewhere where fruits are n't that good and need some serious logistics to get there ? 
  i know i like to eat more fruits when i travel somewhere habitable , the fruits here taste really bland most of the year . 
  that has nothing to do with prices , though , i ca n't explain that one . 
  i could live with that . 
  i could n't live with the fact that when i finally found someone who would take my card , turns out they do n't accept visa . 
  who the hell do n't accept visa ?!, 
  i got a debit card around 10 , and that was over twenty years ago . 
  a few years after that i got a visa connected to my dads , which was to be used only for emergencies and preapproved stuff , obviously . 
  i guess it 's cultural , nobody on my generation seems to carry cash , and people younger than me definitely do n't . 
  if you owe a bit of money to someone you either pay it via an app on the phone or log in to your bank and pay it directly to their account . 
  then again , both are operations where someone cuts off childrens genitalia mutilating them for life . 
  is the important question really `` how much did you cut ? '', 
  russia has had the worst ones i 've seen . 
  to their defence , they were small rural roads with light traffic . 
  they were probably worse than average . 
  i 'm sure not everyone goes by the books here either , and enforcement is difficult if the workers have no idea of their rights and do n't know the language . 
  it 's a sad situation in general , but hopefully harsh punishments will make it less profitable to advise the situation . 
  and the negotiated salaries are enforced to everyone working in the industry , this creating a minimum salary for the industry . 
  the only difference is that the minimum salary is different in every industry , yet it still exists . 
  there have been those cases practically every year since they started doing that . 
  they 're getting the abuse down and there are less foreign seasonal workers picking berries these days as they are really focusing on the problem . 
  it 'd make the contract invalid if you were to sign off your rights like that . 
  they 'd still owe you the wages . 
  they get paid the normal benefits and something like 10 $ a day extra . 
  it 's supposed to open permanent job opportunities with the company , but actually it 's mainly dive to make unemployment statistics look prettier as they are n't counted as unemployed anymore . 
  it 's a useless system that does not harm than good , to be honest . 
  if you 're in a union , you can get them to help , if not , you can sue and will win . 
  you ca n't in finland . 
  everyone , regardless of union membership , are entitled to the minimum wage negotiated by the union . 
  it 's illegal to pay anyone less than that . 
  and they get sued and lose . 
  that 's how it is over here . 
  the guy in the middle of [ this fine picture ] ( https://media.riemurasia.net/albumit/mmedia/il/jb9/6iov/22975/567331842.jpg ) is our most well known weatherman pekka pouta , his name translates to pekka fair weather . 
  not that we 'd have fair weather too often . 
  our archipelago is filled with small islands , it 's naturally quite defensible . 
  it 'd be easy to lock down completely . 
  i 'm not an expert but you 'd think the down side would be that we 'd be cut off from the rest of europe as well . 
  i 'm obviously assuming we 're defending against `` an unknown enemy from the east '' as they usually put it in military training ... 
  good luck navigating through the archipelago filled with mines , though . 
  it 's pity . 
  they sit in their poor and pathetic third world shit hole , as proud as ever . 
  the rest of the world waves while passing by . 
  i know which side i like to stay on . 
  you do realize they have been signatories all the time , right ? 
  if only you had bothered to check the facts , you would look lot less like a buffoon . 
  the child belongs to himself before anyone else . 
  he 's not his parents property , they 're just there to take care of the child and bring him up to the best of their abilities , but they certainly do n't own the child . 
  in any civilized society , there are safeguards in place to protect the child 's best interests , including against their parents if necessary . 
  the argument that the parents should be allowed to do whatever they see fit to the child is n't really something most societies agree on the days . 
  what is your view on mutilating girls , do you see that as the parents right as well to make the girl `` feel connected to her family '' ? 
  if not , how do you explain the different treatment for different sexes ? 
  how about , for example , if the father is an amputee , should the child be amputated as well to make him feel included and like his father ? 
  you see , that argument just does n't hold water . 
  a family bond is n't about having the same physical traits as your parents . 
  if the parents ca n't form a connection to their child without cutting a part of the child off , i do n't think they 're fit for parenting . 
  any normal parents have no trouble making the child feel loved and nurtured without any of that . 
  i understand your argument but to me it seems fundamentally flawed . 
  as you said , the parents are the ones deciding that the child should follow the family religion . 
  in that case , the child itself is stripped of his religious freedom by making irreversible changes to his body in the name of religion the child may or may not want to participate in . 
  that takes away the child 's freedom of religion . 
  if the child grew up becoming an atheist or decided to start practicing any other religion instead , they still would have to live with a mutilated penis done to honor a religion they do n't want to be a part of . 
  it 's a difficult situation , i 'll give you that , but in the end both the child 's right to his own body _ and _ the child 's right to freedom of religion should be valued higher than the parents religious beliefs . 
  by circumcising the child as an infant , they are stripped of both of those rights . 
  religious freedom should n't trump the right to other people 's bodily integrity . 
  i do n't see a problem doing whatever you want to yourself but your religious freedom does n't extend to other people .
