  the most noticeable difference has been a fair amount of beggars arriving yearly when the weather gets warmer in the spring , something we have n't had at all before that . 
  that would be great if there were enough jobs . 
  theres a couple hundred thousand unemployed people in here already , if we had plenty of such jobs it 'd be great to employ anyone and everyone interested . 
  that and there is no point in employing people for the state just so they would n't be employed . 
  although that part of the equation does n't seem to be that clear to all parts our government as it is . 
  i know only a few immigrants that know any swedish at all and any of the others have n't really needed it . 
  hell , half of the finnish speaking finns i know barely know the basics . 
  that ca n't be the reason . 
  is there a source for that ? 
  obviously there 's no proof either way for general public but i have n't seen that version in media before . 
  in here people are ordered to certain branches and their own preferences are n't given much concern , unless you 're applying for one of the specialized roles . 
  the biggest difference between average men and women were that women were much more often in some sort of officer training , which is n't surprising as all the women were volunteers and probably much more motivated to do well than most men . 
  at least when i did my part a decade ago there were no women in armored infantry where i served , same applied for some other units as well . 
  it was more physically demanding than some positions and it was easier to not have women there albeit a few would 've probably managed fine . 
  it 's easier and more efficient to have women serve together and not spread one woman in this unit and another in that one . 
  they need a separate housing and bathroom in the barracks for starters and dedicating a room equipped for 12 people to a few women would be just wasting resources . 
  during training it 's a completely different thing of course , there 's no expectation of privacy or more than basic comfort for either sex so everyone can train equally . 
  at least in here there 's a lot of people applying for `` family unification '' ( probably a wrong term in english but whatever ) as in someone gets an asylum in here and can apply for their immediate family to get a permission to move in with them . 
  i 'd assume that would make the gender ratio somewhat even . 
  traditionally the church has been pretty much the first thing built when setting up a city so they 're usually in the center of the city or village . 
  sure there are other religious buildings and churches here and there too . 
  with the amount of people we have in a big country , it 's not exactly hard to find a quiet spot with no neighbors for miles . 
  i 've lived next to a church and apart from a bell ringing like once a week it 'd be none of my business what the people pray for in there . 
  after that there was an air raid siren on the roof of the neighbouring building going off for testing every monday at noon , not a biggie . 
  currently there 's a salvation army housing block for alcoholics right next to our place and i do n't see how they 'd bother me . 
  sometimes there 's a guy looking like a hobo waiting for a bus at my stop , i think i can live with that . 
  people should mind their own fucking business in here to begin with . 
  awfully lot of nimbys here for a place that supposedly leaves each other alone in all the stereotypes . 
  no , that must 've been someone else . 
  i 've never came across that sub before . 
  parts of it seem painful to read from both american ignorance and posters butthurt on perceived ignorance , haha . 
  maybe i should look into it a bit further . 
  i 'm not that familiar with swedish drug laws for some reason but to my understanding using is illegal as well as possession . 
  i have no idea what the swedes would charge someone with . 
  well to be fair , swedish authorities are notorious for taking a tough stance against celebrities too . 
  while celebrities are probably often easy to catch the police does the same to others too . 
  that is changing too . 
  while many of the older generations have no experience or knowledge about it other than hilariously bad propaganda that used to be circulated , people under 30/40 are often more lenient and a good portion have tried cannabis . 
  in recent years growing stuff at home has become a lot more popular too which is a good thing regardless of legality . 
  there 's no way it 'd be changed without public support so it 'll take some time still . 
  if you had read the article you could 've found that out . 
  the police stated that during a traffic stop he seemed to be under influence which warrants a test . 
  that 's all we have on the issue unless you were there , i was n't so all i 've got is the article . 
  in traffic stops they can . 
  what they ca n't do is just pick a car for no reason and search it etc. 
  without any reason . 
  he probably exchanged currencies beforehand so he did n't have to do it in every country separately . 
  there had been a lot of talk about legalisation in recent years , even before the turn in the us . 
  my guess would be that eventually it 'll be legal to use in here too . 
  while that might be true , it 's dumb to cry about it when they are enforced on a celebrity as well as regular people . 
  if the law is against someone 's values , maybe they should n't go to that country to do stuff that 's illegal there . 
  maybe there 's a double standard in the states . 
  not in sweden or northern/western europe in general . 
  you still used an illegal substance . 
  in this case possibly abroad where it might or might not have been legal but that 's not for the officer to decide . 
  does n't change much , still wet . 
  i 'd love to get one for 4.50 . 
  we could do with some new actors , i 've already grown tired of all the six of ours . 
  it can be used as an aquavit and it 's a popular shot nowadays . 
  jaloviina has different versions marked with stars . 
  it 's actually a mix of viina and cognac , one star jaloviina has one fourth of cognac and the three star version has around three fourths of cognac . 
  basically the one star version is viina enchanced with some cognac and the three star version is cognac ruined with viina . 
  i think the one star version , or `` a sheriff '' , is the most popular one . 
  sorry , we 're usually drunk while saying it . 
  italians use same kind of phonetic sounds so that 's actually correct . 
  my italian teacher always said that finns pronounce italian much better than people generally do . 
  it 's funny that amongst the hundreds of black metal bands you picked one that is n't actually black metal and sings in swedish . 
  what is estonian for mil ? 
  it 's still almost universally legal , fgm is , thankfully , almost universally banned . 
  which one needs more discussing ? 
  i second this motion . 
  well we have trouble affording our own luxuries at the moment . 
  i think adding more expenses , especially ones of which we do n't know if they 'll work , deserve at least a discussion . 
  yay , is cairo eastern european with us too ? 
  we 're always grouped with them on timezone choices as well . 
  i would n't consider france as a whole south european . 
  major parts of it ? 
  sure . 
  but if i was asked to name southern european countries , france would n't come up . 
  i 've always found it odd that we 're never considered eastern europe . 
  you need to have been soviet at some point to be eastern . 
  there 's a bunch of those morons in every country , i do n't connect them with germany as much as their ridiculous ideology for overgrown infants . 
  is he one of the most cited in the field of politics or economy ? 
  i did n't think so . 
  scenic places rarely have mcdonald 's windows to break , that would n't work . 
  the commenter talked about both , though , that 's why i did . 
  none of them have dropped out of eu , it 's not the same as never joining . 
  a lot of trust is lost on our ability to keep things and economy stable if we were to be the first one to just leave the union . 
  norway , switzerland or iceland are n't too much like finland in their economies so their situation would n't translate well to finland either way . 
  not that it would matter as we 're not leaving . 
  i 'd be welcome for paavo to leave just about anywhere at the nearest convenience , though . 
  eu is the key . 
  good luck trying to do business in europe after you drop out of eu voluntarily . 
  the finnish anthem is constantly mixed up with the estonian anthem in events like this . 
  it 's the same song but estonians only play until halfway . 
  i think in youtube there 's a video of a qualifying match in san marino where the announcer is already starting the san marinos anthem while the fans are still finishing ours a cappella . 
  generally that 's the case but to me it seems that the majority of the government truly opposes it and at least the finns party ca n't afford to give up on this after they already amended their other main issue immigration policy . 
  not to mention about cutting the domestic budget and still voting for bail-out would be practically a popularity suicide . 
  sometimes their articles in english are a bit sloppy , either due to poor translation or poor phrasing in general . 
  i would n't be surprised if the remaining debt would be defaulted at some point if they struggle for decades because of it .
