  so you could n't actually refute his point and decided to try to ridicule him instead ? 
  cool . 
   i would bet most readers here do n't even know the context or have to look it up because , and you might want to sit down for this , romania is n't the center of the universe . 
  that 's why it 's especially suitable for this sub . 
  if romania _ was _ the center of the universe , i would 've seen this in the papers . 
  turns out it is n't , so it 's nice to have a place to follow what 's happening around europe in here , even though there 's a lot of light hearted posts in between and only a glimpse about specific countries . 
  reading at least something about what 's going on around europe is interesting . 
  finnish online presence has always been above average . 
  with great , cheap connections , a major technology giant , a lot of technology oriented people all speaking decent english and long , dark , boring winters it 's not really a surprise . 
  you do realize that literally anyone can be given a government position as a minister as long as they are fit for election , right ? 
  if they felt like it , sipil\u00e4 could call _ me _ tomorrow and propose me for a minister . 
  over here there are practically unlimited plans available from all the major players . 
  they specifically market them as the main home connection , to be used just like a wired connection . 
  i 'd probably use the word `` veiled '' . 
  apart from the parts that they do n't bother to veil ... 
  that 's exactly what people do over here , especially if they live in rural areas or in old houses with crappy cabling . 
  limiting tethering is so ridiculous i have n't heard anyone even propose something like that . 
  your making absolutely no sense at all . 
  that also comes with 10 gigs of data within eu these days . 
  yes . 
  in reality both of them can do very little to advance their views on the eu and euro . 
  leaving either has very little support in the country . 
  the government is made of right wing and centrist parties , and have included the finns party just fine . 
  your comment makes no sense . 
  you must forgive me , it 's impossible to keep up with everything ... 
  that 's a good point , there might be a noticeable change . 
  to which direction and how significant is difficult to predict , though . 
  i agree , no one _ within the party _ will care if they keep screwing up , that 's apparent by now . 
  the problem is that literally everyone outside the party do care . 
  that makes it very difficult to make it to the government . 
  he seems to get personal votes , but that does n't necessarily translate to votes across the country . 
  they 're down to half of their support at the moment . 
  nobody wants to have a coalition government with some of that lot , they 're guaranteed to drunkenly stumble to all kinds of spectacular scandals . 
  who knows when hakkarainen will lose his briefcase while drunk _ again _ , or end up drinking at hell 's angels hq _ again _ , or send drunken dick pics _ again _ , etc. 
  or perhaps someone else just happens to be ventilating their armpit at a neo-nazi rally , obviously coincidentally and with no affiliation to the group _ again _ . 
  or perhaps someone will get caught sexually harassing female mps barely half their age _ again _ . 
  now with soini gone and the more , how would i put this , colorful , guard in charge , having them connected to your party would be a recipe for guaranteed disaster . 
  i 'd be okay with that , to be honest . 
  then again , at the moment they 're barely the 5th popular party with a whopping 9 % of voters , on the way down . 
  the tricky part is eating without munching on mosquitoes . 
  you ca n't open your mouth without a few of them flying in during the worst time . 
  what 's your issue ? 
  i have n't had any trouble , even before the pricing served more reasonable than in most places . 
  it 's not even indirectly related , it predates the more famous swastika aficionados . 
  i 'm just worried it 'll screw us over . 
  we 've had reasonably priced data all the time , hopefully it 's not going to get more expensive with the changes . 
  it 's obviously the right thing to do and takes us closer to a truly single market , but still . 
  an ally is only useful when they can be trusted to have your back . 
  if an ally dismisses you and buddies up with your potential enemies , it 's no longer an ally . 
  trump has been flirting with the latter option since before he was elected , so the allies have taken the hint . 
  and there 's the great american education at work . 
  does my flair look like german to you ? 
  if your ally has been in office for a few months and already has insulted your country and it 's leaders personally , dozens of times via public tweets and other media , has tried to diminish the bond that keeps you together while strengthening one of the threats to the allies , is it really a surprise the trust is spiraling down ? 
  the history is irrelevant , if current actions are designed to run down the alliance , either on purpose or by incompetence . 
  it 'll rebound quickly after he 's gone , no matter who replaces him . 
  fuck off , you ca n't be that smug about something your grandfathers fathers generation ( assuming you 're around 14 , like your comments sound ) did while complaining about someone else being supposedly `` smug '' . 
  you ca n't have it both ways . 
  as long as that one man has the power to bring the relationship to the ground instantly and prefers temper tantrums as the tool of choice for international diplomacy , it 's only smart to judge you by him . 
  because realistically that 's the guy that is in charge of the relationship . 
  as soon as you get the clown out , the ratings bounce back to normal levels as you no longer have a toddler running things . 
  it makes perfect sense . 
  authoritarian china is hell of a lot more predictable than trump . 
  predictability and stability are things you want in partners , not confusing tweets and social skills of a toddler . 
  not when it comes to nato . 
  if anything , the political elite , at least in some of the parties , seems to have been more pro-nato than the people at times . 
  over where i 'm from people generally live indoors , though . 
  they could learn a lot from _ literally anyone _ on that subject . 
  usually in touristy main streets or the more trendy night clubs you 'll get a bulk lager for somewhere around 6.5 $ -8 $ and something better for maybe 8.5 $ -12 $ . 
  then again , in the right neighborhoods you could find them for half the price . 
  he 's crashing his own channels weather forecast . 
  because why not ? 
  then again , we barely won belarus , lost 5-1 to france and blew a 3-0 lead against czech republic in the last three minutes . 
  being shit at hockey is the new finnish way . 
  if by megachurch you mean cheap , poorly made , quickly deprecating and filled with mold , yes . 
   this is n't the 19th century . 
  britain is n't the power it once was . 
  to a portion of brexiters , that 's only because the eu has hold them down for all this time . 
  if they just get rid of the eu , they 'll be the world leading superpower in no time . 
  and then the eu will be _ so sorry _ to have let them go . 
  i think i heard somewhere that sunderland has a lot of car manufacturing jobs ? 
  is the factory really producing cars mainly for the domestic market ? 
  i do n't think british media are familiar with this word `` ethic '' you 're talking about . 
  both of which are designed to keep your `` biology '' in check . 
  because he proved your made up theories to be imaginary ? 
  there is a sad , strange little man involved in this exchange but i doubt he 's the one . 
  if we start to deconstruct , why not take it all the way ? 
  for the most of our existence , might made right . 
  we should definitely bring back slavery , decriminalize murders , robberies and rape etc. 
  we are n't animals , the reason the world is in better shape than ever before is because we 've evolved or societies towards better models for thousands of years . 
  that means getting rid of negative aspects of the earlier ways . 
  i do n't call people names but i do call spade a spade . 
  the only people who should have problems with someone calling out racist and bigots is someone who is one himself . 
  regular reasonable people do n't have any issues with that , no matter which party they vote for . 
  a huge majority of people in any western democracy are firmly pro human rights , across the political spectrum . 
  and you 're just going to forget about the part about bush opening the internet to public ? 
  i 'm not going to debate you about political ideologies of different politicians , but i 'm still going to call you out on obviously lying . 
  if your opinion was worth defending , you 'd use facts for that , failing to do so means that you 're wrong . 
  absolutely . 
  i 'm very sceptical of the election 's integrity as well , but there 's still usually areas within the country with very different percentages . 
  you ca n't be serious , right ?
