  a barrier ensures that this ( only one partys voters win with a minor number of votes , them being the neo-nazi ones is sad but irrelevant ) ca n't accidentally happen . 
  for the results to stand it 'd need a significant percentage of voters actually saying this is what we want . 
  mandatory voting means that a lot of people just go and scribble something to their slips and i feel that the votes of the informed citizens who actually think things through and make an informed ( or at least a conscious ) decision should be the deciding ones . 
  i rather not have all the retards vote if they do n't have the slightest idea about who/what they are voting . 
  you 're probably thinking of [ molvania ] ( http://www.jetlagtravel.com/molvania/useful.html ) . 
  latvuastonia from the 11th picture should be a real country . 
  how about it , southern neighbours ? 
  we had swastikas before they were cool . 
  now we have this new symbol , but you probably have n't heard about it ... 
  they are always described as being `` right wing radicals '' and such but many of them are actually pretty conservative and aim to go back to some magical `` good old times '' before all this confusing european integration and other scary modern things . 
  they are traditional here in finland at least . 
  they start to appear everywhere about this time of year and disappear again after christmas . 
  everybody should start that tradition , they are awesome . 
  it ca n't be that i was exaggerating a bit , can it . 
  i 'm sure the classic `` baht it helps wit teh aidses 1/2 ! 1/2 '' argument would work a lot better if they actually cut the thing off . 
  i advice you to get a quick fact check on your aids resistant genitalia issue . 
  you seem to think that 's 100 % effective . 
  enjoy your hiv . 
   a chance of dying is not worth miniscule and inadequate protection from disease . 
  ftfy . 
  ** edit . 
  ** to elaborate my point : would you have unprotected sex with someone who has aids now that you have that aids protected cock ? 
  if not , why not ? 
  if not , what good is that increased aids protection for if you would use a condom anyway ? 
  wow . 
  there 's no real downsides apart from the fact that there actually are people that die from the procedure ? 
  not many , but there are . 
  life long problems with a non-functional penis are far more common , though , but that 's ok , it 's not a downside , it 's a feature !, 
  and all this is worth it because if you happen to move to certain parts of africa and feel like having casual sex you do n't have to bother buying condoms and still have a few percentages lower chance of getting aids !, 
  so convenient !, 
  i understand your sentiment but have to disagree . 
  i mean by that logic female circumcision should be legalized too so they do n't have to do it in shitty conditions or third world countries with unqualified people performing the procedure . 
  now that it 's illegal there 's still some assholes doing it to their children but it 's not as wide spread ( in western countries , that is ) as it would be if it were legalized . 
  i suspect the same would apply to male circumcision . 
  it 's hard to get rid of it but if you do n't even try it 'll never happen . 
  i would n't trust that method of not getting aids as much as ... 
  i do n't know ... using a condom ? 
  if having sex with people with aids is your cup of tea maybe you should try another method besides dick-cutting . 
  aesthetical surgery can be medically relevant . 
  for example it 's often performed after car crashes and other accidents or to fix some birth defects etc. 
  circumcision wo n't * always * ruin you forever . 
  it might . 
  call me old fashioned , but i prefer to decide for myself if i want to get my dick chopped off . 
  fair point . 
  i was n't being clear in my earlier posts . 
  i did n't mean all of them should be fired and substituted with private sector counterparts . 
  i think a lot of stuff should be done by state or cities , such as policing , education , health care etc. 
  the problem is when the state spirals out of control and hires way too much people to do way too much stuff that the state should n't be doing in the first place or makes it financially unsustainable . 
  i think finland has reached this point a while ago and politicians should start figuring out what is a high priority that has to be done to maintain as high as possible standard of living to as many people as possible and what can be done without . 
  the important thing right now is to halt the constant increase of debt and concentrate on keeping the necessities as intact as possible . 
  it does n't look too good now as finland has a cabinet that consists of six parties with very different goals , right wing-ish national coalition party ( with the prime minister ) , social democratic party and four smaller parties including even left alliance , the furthest left party in parliament . 
  they ca n't get anything done in this front because they have such different ideas of running the country . 
  the only reason they all are in the same cabinet is because they wanted to keep the populistic right wing party true finns out after their big election gains in the last elections . 
  what a timing to have a six party cabinet with six different agendas when shit actually needed attending to ... 
  out of those figures the tax payers money pays for : * 18.0 % work for the local government * 5.6 % work for the central government * 0.9 % work for the church = 24.5 % of total workforce . 
  that means that 75.5 % of the work force pay the entire wages of 24.5 % of the work force and * everything else * in finlands budget . 
  it seems that the finns often do n't realise that the people who work in the public sector/church do n't actually make any money but are an expense . 
  even politicians often cleverly forget about this and try to convince that it 's a great idea to create jobs in the public sector as an easy fix for unemployment when in reality those added public sector jobs actually come out of private sectors profits as harder taxation or are paid for by loaning money into finnish economy , either way making the situation even harder for private companies that actually are contributing to the finnish economy . 
  things are so fucked up i 'm genuenily surprised that finland 's credit rating is still concidered top notch . 
  never seen that happen in finland , even at festivals with more casual people and a bit more `` easy listening '' kind of bands . 
  not sure about clubs with bands that have slow songs , though , those ones i pass . 
  i seriously doubt that we could get through to germany as we 're still trying to get through to our own government . 
  proverbial shit has been seen coming towards the imaginary fan for almost a decade and still there has n't been any noticeable effort to streamline the economy . 
  on the contrary , the public sector has grewn during that time iirc ... 
  that problem goes both ways , though . 
  there are places in finland where you 'd have hard time at anything in finnish , mostly they are small towns in almost 100 % swedish speaking areas ( or \u00c5land as a whole , ffs ) but still . 
  altough in a city as big and bilingual as turku / \u00c5bo it 's unforgivable if you ask me . 
  in fact learning swedish can sort of be a burden for some people . 
  for example the time spent learning swedish in lappeenranta ( right next to russian border , full of russian tourists . 
  they 've probably seen swedes in television once or twice . ), 
  could be used to learn russian . 
  that is a language they would benefit from in everyday life , it would help their careers , especially in tourism or retail . 
  also you must concider that a person can only learn a finite amount of languages and i think it would benefit all of us to be in charge which ones we 'd like to learn . 
  most finnish speaking finns i 've met ca n't even have a short conversation in swedish after years of studying so it often goes to waste if the learner is n't motivated . 
  this can be somewhat improved by allowing people to choose a language they * want * to learn . 
  i would like to see swedish as another optional language like any else . 
  first foreign language would start in 3rd grade , second in 5th and a possible third one in 7th . 
  we 'd still see plenty of people choosing to study swedish and they 'd probably be better at it as they did n't have to try to learn among all the unmotivated clowns being dragged along . 
  i always thought everybody did that ... 
  somewhat related , the biggest one for us from recent years is probably [ gijonin ihme ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5jfrevbxxo8 ) , the miracle of gijon . 
  when your whole fandom is one big dissappointment after another since the dawn of time , drawing possibly the best team in the history of the sport in an away game is a huge accomplishment . 
  usually the police are only on roads to do dui checks , at least where i live . 
  very rare to see anyone with a radar gun anymore . 
  it has no features of any of that . 
  you seem pretty clueless yourself . 
  it leads to a lot of problems on its own , just like it did in the nineties . 
  we are ( or have been for years now ) in need of another iiro viinanen who basically committed a political suicide in order to make the necessary tough choices to get us a way out . 
  the last government sitting their four years with their thumbs up their asses did n't exactly help . 
  well generally the crowd that seeks these kind of stories to get outraged over is n't all that bright . 
  if you made up stories as ridiculous about something else , no one would believe you for a second but for this crowd they eat all the nonsense up giving it no thought at all . 
  yeah , that 's a load of crap . 
  nothing of this has been on the news and the only source for op is someones facebook post . 
  that could be any field anywhere , the claim seems to be fitting ops world view nicely so no point in fact checking . 
  infact , the local officials told reporters they 've had so many donations that they ca n't store all of it and would like people to offer storage space instead . 
  yeah , they would n't have had a chance . 
  it 's worth remembering that there were estonian people fighting in the finnish army as volunteers at the time . 
  also , shitloads of luck . 
  unemployment rate is higher than before that but it is coincidental caused by unrelated economical troubles . 
  i 'm not an expert but to me it seems most foreign based workers ( at least in helsinki region , a couple of hour ferry ride away from tallinn ) are estonians either moving in or traveling back and forth doing gigs . 
  romania , bulgaria and such joining the eu had little to no effect on finnish employment situation at all .
