  i got that for a campaign price ( -50 % for two years ) at 20 $ including free roaming in sweden , norway , denmark , estonia , latvia and lithuania . 
  we really have it good with mobile connections although wired could be still a bit better . 
  all my upvotes . 
  i do n't think shoveling money to some eu countries is a bad thing either . 
  i much rather have us pay to help the less fortunate eu countries catch up with the more wealthy ones . 
  i think it 's good for both in the long run , for example thinking about estonia now and estonia before they joined . 
  there 's no doubt that the current situation is better for both of us and looks brighter every day , not to say it 's all thanks to eu but it has certainly been a catalyst to estonias recent success . 
  yes , it 's easy to tell people that it does n't work like that . 
  it 's completely different to make them believe you . 
  there 's also the other major part of their argument , not wanting to irritate russia , which is n't as easily disregarded . 
  the change is mostly due to natural reasons , old people dying and young people living in a completely different kind of world and finland . 
  i have n't checked any statistics but i 'd bet they are a lot more positive towards joining if you only include , say , 18-45 year olds . 
  he 's probably german , how would he know ? 
  sure , but that misconception seems very hard to change . 
  we already do take part in humanitarian missions cooperating with nato , though . 
  correct , at 30 i 'm probably around or perhaps even above average age for a finn in reddit , but i barely remember the soviet union falling . 
  the older people had already lived through 40 years of finlandization at that point . 
  to me it seems that kind of mindset has really started to let go of certain part of the people only in recent years , it definitely has an effect on the nato issue . 
  it sure makes running things easier . 
  i 'm sure they 're delighted to be associated with bud lites !, 
  that 's some great marketing if a people of billion first think of a yogurt brand when bulgaria comes up . 
  if that happens , i 'm sure the drive-thru version of printing press will be invented in america as well . 
  poor germany . 
  that 's still what people are afraid of and one of the main reasons why people who oppose joining feel that way . 
  they think we 'd suddenly join all conflicts around the world . 
  personally i do n't see what the problem is , even if we 'd start taking part in more missions abroad . 
  we could n't just start flying 18-20 year old conscripts with a few months of training to war zones all of a sudden , which seems to be a concern for some people . 
  nobody is for the idea . 
  the title makes it seem like it 's actually being considered , which is n't the case . 
  even the people who started the initiative have since pulled their support . 
  the law requires the debate since it got enough signatures at the time . 
  seems to me they 're on vacation . 
  he 's just being russian about it . 
  they do n't do subtle when it comes to international politics , especially towards smaller countries . 
  while obviously not cool , it 's pretty much necessary to go past the original border in that kind of situation when the opportunity presents itself . 
  then you can negotiate for peace and agree to stick to original borders , conceding the gained land . 
  at least in theory ... 
  finns had had pretty much enough of fighting at that point , not to mention turning on the guys who were the only ones coming to their aid and foight together for years . 
  i 'd say it 's understandable . 
  well , there 's been both better and worse times , but the history of the people on both sides of whatever borders there have been over time are deeply entwined . 
  there 's a lot more to it than ww2 , independence or the grand duchy era . 
  granted , the worse times have been devastating and too common . 
  netflix and such ( i 'm also subscribed to hbo nordic and viaplay for sports ) are for getting the content when you want it , not an episode at the time once a week for a limited time until your dvr runs out of space . 
  as for the last part , the internet connections , at least over here , are cheap enough so you can afford a fast enough connection for any purpose and the ~ 10 $ / month would n't affect your connection speed at all in practice . 
  not to mention it being illegal . 
  i 'd say the reason someone would n't have netflix would probably be because they do n't feel they need any kind of service or do n't watch tv at all , or they 've decided to go for a competing service . 
  there 's nothing wrong about netflix per se at least in here . 
  well , i might have been a bit simplistic . 
  there 's a lot of factors you ca n't completely control , like job situation and a million other things . 
  at least you can try to work towards the right direction with your choices and hope to end up some place you 'll feel at home , i guess . 
  what about germany ? 
  in finland there 's , or at least used to be a few years back , a lot of used german imports . 
  i think people might be confused about the house . 
  in helsinki or around it it could be easily three times as expensive . 
  in other parts of the country that 's as normal as you can get . 
  well it 's about life style choices as well . 
  i have friends with similar income as me from my old town who live pretty much like op and friends who did like me and moved to helsinki to rent a small flat we never could afford to buy . 
  both are solid choices , similarily affordable and leave us with similar disposable incomes . 
  some go for the luxury housing and some enjoy the city . 
  you have to consider the very high standards the houses have to be built with to be habitable year around in our climate . 
  it gets expensive pretty quick . 
  that 's per person . 
  that 'll get you a liter around here . 
  obviously you 'll get a lot more for your money living in smaller towns or countryside . 
  within commuting distance from helsinki at least you 'll have to be well above middle class to afford a life like that . 
  i guess it 's up to preference what you like spending on , the location or the luxuries . 
  i just bought a new grass already grown and rolled up like they do in football pitches . 
  the best decision ever . 
  it was surprisingly cheap for a small lot , looked perfect and stayed in great condition even after a few winters . 
  i do n't think those people exist . 
  the finnish speaking part of the country has been called finland for a while now . 
  neither finnish or arabic are related to swedish . 
  the main difference is in cultures , the finns live in pretty much identical society to swedes , apart from languages . 
  it 's just way easier to adapt when all you have to do is learn the language and you already have some exposure to it . 
  over here they seem to accept pretty much anyone interested and because they 're so small a bunch there 's a lot of freaks , immature weirdoes and village idiots . 
  there 's a bunch of really smart , educated and opinionated pirates too , but i guess it 's hard to take them all serious when they 're under the same banner . 
  sure , it 's all a mix of history , traditional culture and stereotypes and does n't hold true in individual level . 
  but there are actual differences as well , the people as a whole is somewhat affected by all the traditions and historical views of their ancestors . 
  as you said , the swede can have access to all the recipes of the italian nonna these days , but the swede is still lacking the traditions around italian family dinners back in the day . 
  that 's where the stereotype was born , back when the swede had n't heard of pasta or seen a tomato . 
  for example , when viewing political issues or debates in different countries , there 's usually some opinions that are quite distinct to the country that many other places would n't view as important in their own politics . 
  * better . 
  i 'd guess we fall somewhere between sweden and denmark , based on estimates i just made up . 
  to me those figures seem very low for finland at least . 
  did they count everyone , from newborns to pensioners ? 
  i was making a bit less than average and i was around twice as much back then . 
  i do n't care either way , but towels are an exception . 
  nothing beats coming out of the shower and getting a warm , soft towel straight from the dryer . 
  i think my current situation is perfect , we have a few communal dryers and drying cupboards in the basement for tenants to use for free . 
  in our old place we used to have our own and it took a lot of space for something we used infrequently . 
  these days i can just check online whether a dryer is available when i need it . 
  i guess for the most part dryers are less common in europe because they take up too much space , people live in smaller apartments in cities . 
  our freedom seems to be too cold , do you have a warmer variety of freedom you could send over ? 
  to me it seems it 's the other way around . 
  america is particularily anti-collectivistic . 
  you guys are big on personal freedoms and view a lot of things we would n't associate to those ideas from that perspective . 
  when the whole society is based on people having to and prouding themselves on doing stuff themselves , they start viewing the world from a different perspective than others who rely on society as a whole to have a bigger role in their lives . 
  that is hilarious . 
  i 'm not sure whether they 're serious or not . 
  i like the estonian one , it 's just perfect .
