  might as well post a global alert in that case . 
  vast majority of the world is at a significantly greater risk of a terrorist attack or other kind of violence . 
  why did n't you just say that in the first place ? 
  it 's no wonder you 're received poorly when you start by answering comments with insults and condescending remarks . 
  it 's not very fitting for this situation , though . 
  what kind of freedom does killing dozens of children promote ? 
  as i said , in the first world we have universal access to condoms which provide infinitely better protection . 
  even if we did n't it is unnecessary to cut infants as they do n't have sex . 
  nobody is for banning an consenting adult from having it done if he feels the benefits outweigh the risks . 
  first of all , i was n't aware that newborns have so active sex lives these days . 
  secondly , we have invented condoms for exactly this reason , good luck avoiding hiv only by circumcision instead of using condoms which reduce the infection to pretty much zero . 
  way better than fifty fifty compared to uncut rates . 
  for the millionth time , the hygienic and medical benefits apply for third world countries in sub-saharan africa . 
  why people keep bringing it up as if it 'd be relevant to first world countries with proper hygiene is beyond me . 
  do n't you ever wash your cock ? 
  i 'd have prefered they would 've even paid my rent while i was unable to work for a year , under 5 $ per day is n't very much considering i have a habit of eating during the off weekends too ... 
  there 's a game related to that , you have to guess whether the stranger talking to you is crazy , drunk or a foreigner . 
  can confirm , i 'm a finnish male and i 'm more socially awkward than i 'm latvian . 
   not `` if the father would rather spend his money on a new car '' . 
  not `` if the father hates the mother '' . 
  not `` if the father really rather would n't '' . 
  yeah , that does n't sound condescending towards half the people in the world _ at all _ . 
  you seem like a wonderful person . 
  you do n't seem to understand the whole thing . 
  the mother can , independently , decide whether she wants the child . 
  if she does n't want to take care of the child and provide for a child , she can abort it . 
  she can do this even if the father is n't in favor of abortion . 
  the father has no choice in having a child at all , he 's completely dependent on the mothers decision either way . 
  this proposition would give the father a right to decline the fatherhood , a choice the mother already has . 
  if the mother would still like to keep the child , she can . 
  obviously this leaves a situation when the father would like to keep the child but mother wants to abort it , but we that 's due to biology and we ca n't change that situation . 
  however , we can change the societal problem . 
  you 're the one who commented to me without anything substantial . 
  if the family has no way of paying the necessary things , they are . 
  people do n't get just thrown out to the streets to starve and freeze to death in scandinavian welfare states . 
  how can that be news to you ? 
  sometimes . 
  sometimes not . 
  in this case , the mother . 
  and as with all the children born in sweden , the state as well . 
  indeed . 
  that 's why she can do it . 
  the guy has no way of doing it , so this idea was proposed . 
  congratulations , you understood what we 're discussing about . 
   but i still think this is promoting a society of single moms . 
  there 's an enormous amount of single parents already and it 's perfectly normal . 
  for the financial part the state already provides for the children . 
  it would have very little effect on anything in financial scale . 
  have you any idea how many single parents there are already ? 
  sweden has a very comprehensive social security system . 
  no child is left uncared for because they only have one parent . 
  agreed . 
  all these speculations are interesting but ultimately useless . 
  which is irrelevant if they were to declare war themselves but just missed being first . 
  it does n't matter , both were blood hungry monsters intentionally killing millions of people . 
  who killed the first one of those millions is n't important . 
  you ca n't claim that stalin was n't going to go to war too . 
  i do n't think it really matters which one of those jumped the gun first . 
  well if we 're going going for these what if 's you could say they both had a part in it . 
  for germany and it 's people , definitely . 
  at least from the modern perspective . 
  well most of them moved in the seventies when we had shortage of jobs and you needed foreign workers . 
  guess why they could n't land a job in here . 
  luckily there was plenty of room in slussen . 
  positive health effects in sub-saharan africa . 
  should we have wife beating centers under medical professional supervision and murder facilities ? 
  obviously not . 
  because we do not tolerate either , we have decided they are illegal and prosecute harshly those who do those things . 
  i do n't see the difference , if we punish the offenders like in any other violent crime the tradition will become too much of a burden to keep alive . 
  i bet most parents would rather not mutilate their child than have him taken away from them . 
  a few years back i ended up next to one of those trucks at a red light . 
  i had a sun roof and thought to give it a go , 30 seconds later i accelerated away with probably few hundred pieces of candy without a scratch . 
  10/10 would open sun roof again , not cruel at all . 
  ours is wrong too , that 's not even close to `` litmanen '' . 
   give reliable evidence that guns do not contribute to homicide rates . 
  how about you give reliable evidence that i just did n't see a pink unicorn . 
  burden of proof does n't work that way , you make the claim , you prove it . 
  i 'm sorry , but you 're an idiot . 
  there 's no other way to put it . 
  explain to me , why they would host both working video of it , a transcript and multiple articles about the speech , if they were trying to censor it ? 
  if they were going to censor the speech , they probably would n't be hosting working copies and writing many articles about it . 
  it 's definitely about context , these ones are innocent . 
  not to mention that it 's completely unrealistic to assume that we 'd be able to defend the whole country in the first place . 
  that 's what i 'm worried about . 
  the finnish maiden is really hot , even though she lost the other arm back in the day . 
  i ca n't even imagine how tempting she 'd look in that skimpy nato gear . 
  sami hyypi\u00e4 would like to have a word with you . 
  well to be fair , the faroes did beat greece twice ... 
  i saw a graph that showed the per capita numbers , i believe we were in top 5 with germany and sweden way ahead and three others pretty much even after that . 
  i ca n't remember where i saw it , though . 
  being a priest and a scientist are n't mutually exclusive . 
  he might have held that belief himself ( i would n't know , i 'm not that familiar with physics/astronomy/whatever ) , but he probably did n't claim that `` i have evidence that god started this big bang that kickstarted the universe '' . 
  even if he did , i 'm sure that part was n't taken seriously . 
  claiming god actually does stuff in the real world we 're able to study is completely another matter . 
  there is n't any physical evidence to support that claim and any respectable scientist would n't claim anything of the sort if they had no evidence . 
  the study does n't say that , it only claims that people under 25 do n't believe the creation myth literally happened , which sounds plausible given the poorly worded question . 
  at least to my knowledge the most popular nordic evangelical lutheran churches have quite similar views on most things , among them the bible not being very literal and more of a source for modern interpretation of the faith . 
  that leaves much room for religious people to accept scientific world view along with their faith , making the creation myth being literally factual seem quite silly . 
  that 's how i see it at least as a non-believer with somewhat evangelical lutheran upbringing . 
  maybe someone more knowledgeable of icelandic version of evangelical lutheranism can expand more .
