  including the guy the size of a house queuing for his seventh big mac of the day . 
  including the guy who had trouble finishing a sprint in gym class as he was clumsy enough to forget which foot to put forward which . 
  that 's way too short a time to undo a lifetime of bad health choices and lack of exercise . 
  you literally ca n't even get all of the conscripts to a decent fitness level if they are completely out of shape when they enter the ranks . 
  in that reality , where a part ( altough a relatively small part ) of the conscripts are actually relieved from service altogether because they are n't fit enough to go through it , it would definitely help to have women available to fill the ranks . 
  if we had the fitter and better suited portion of women conscripted instead of the poorly doing men unable to train properly , the overall quality of the force would be better . 
   i read somewhere that the average man is about as strong and usually stronger than best world class female athletes . 
  i find that really hard to believe but i do n't have a way to find out for sure . 
  either way , strength is n't the only or even the most important factor to be able to perform the duties . 
  for example , i bet a 170cm/130kg guy would be a lot stronger than a 170cm/60kg woman , but would be unable to continue after trying to run a set of stairs while the woman would n't even be affected . 
  for most things the absolute strength is n't very important . 
  being _ strong enough _ , generally fit and in good health is enough . 
  considering that we have an army of conscripts serving between 6 and 12 months , you ca n't expect them to be in as good a shape physically as professional soldiers . 
  the people come in all shapes and sizes , i remember a good bunch of guys who were at least 30kg overweight even at the end of the year , and those were the kind that were deemed fit enough to even begin the military service . 
  theoretically , with proper training and lifestyle choices etc. , most men would be probably capable of being a lot more suitable for soldiers physically . 
  in reality , we have 5.5 million men , women and children . 
  some too young , too old , too fat , too weak , with disabilities etc. 
  if we could double the pool of people we choose the conscripts from , we would get a lot more strong _ enough _ and fit _ enough _ people to serve instead of the barely capable ( for various reasons ) men , on top of the women who are actually better fits for fighting than most men are . 
  not to mention all the other talent we 're `` wasting '' by only using half the population to help defend the country . 
  women are just as capable of being skilled engineers , doctors , strategists etc. 
  specialists that are needed in an army . 
   its really not worth it to try to do anything more than make it an option to try out for any woman that thinks she can meet the standard . 
  and even then , many other challenges arise with women in all male combat groups . 
  there are women serving in finland as volunteers already . 
  when i served my bit a decade ago there did n't seem to be any issues women in combat groups . 
  there was n't women in my unit continuously but we had women with us for a few longer training missions for a few weeks at a time and had no problems . 
  what kind of problems you mean , i ca n't think of any ? 
  women were housed in their own room while in the barracks but that 's about the only difference i can think of . 
  ** tl ; dr : ** average man is probably stronger than an average woman . 
  variation within the groups is larger than the difference between them . 
  obviously the standards are set depending on the role . 
  i would n't care if my crew had balls or not , i 'd care if they could carry their loads or help me get to cover if needed . 
  it 's okay . 
  we do n't mind , really . 
  yes , you kind of know that . 
  that 's why i said there probably wo n't be many donors when they put the idea to motion . 
  did n't you catch that the first time i said it ? 
  what ? 
  i 'm talking about suddenly gaining the responsibility of being a father to a stranger , not a drop of sperm . 
  would you be cool about one day , 20 years from now , having someone , or 10 someones , walk to your door and informing you that they 're your kids ? 
  would your wife you 've been married to for a decade like that ? 
  what about your kids ? 
  yeah , i guess that leaves around 1 % who would n't mind . 
  do you really think that would n't be an issue ? 
  that only gets rid of all the donors . 
  sounds like a great plan . 
  until recently the headline was there to give as much information from the article at a glance , not make you read the article . 
  do you really need to ask how mentioning reasons why dubs are sometimes a bad idea is relevant to a discussion about whether they 're a good idea ? 
  come on now , you 're not that dumb , i 'm sure you can figure that one out . 
  it 's pretty obvious that they can be better . 
  did someone disagree ? 
  i did n't say that , you did . 
  it 's impossible to do it as well as the original in some circumstances . 
  that 's just a fact . 
   it 's animation , dubs work perfectly fine there . 
  anime is not on another level than disney movies , it 's the same medium and dubs work perfectly fine for it . 
  live-action is where the issue is . 
  theoretically it 's fine . 
  in practice , a lot of dubs are of lower quality than the original voice acting and possibly has stuff lost in translation . 
  i guess that 's probably less of an issue if you 're using french dubbing but for a small language like finnish the quality is often poor enough to make it unusable . 
  wait , how does the dubbing cover his face ? 
  these days they do . 
  i was n't so lucky back in the day . 
  i was pretty furious for having to take a year off from work and straight up pay them for the privilege ... 
  also most people ca n't get one of those and have to get an apartment from the private sector . 
  suddenly the prices start probably somewhere around 700 $ . 
  you can still have strong ties and help each other while living in different addresses . 
  i do n't see the connection between the two things . 
  i do understand that housing might be relatively expensive and it seems like a reasonable accommodation in that case . 
  it 's probably because it does n't ruin your lungs like cigarettes . 
  it 's quite popular in general as well , at least in helsinki ( and i 'd guess in other places with easy and cheap access to sweden as well ) . 
   it is only legal in sweden within eu . 
  sweden is the only eu country where it 's legal to _ sell _ snus . 
  over here it 's surprisingly commonly used for something that you 're not legally able to buy without leaving the country . 
  when i played hockey back in the day , probably half the guys used snus . 
  maybe you do . 
  op definitely does n't . 
  that was the point , not your view about the eu . 
  the thing is that the vote leaves us no choice in the matter . 
  we obviously ca n't give you as good a deal as you had . 
  everything you 'll get will be worse in comparison to what you had . 
  that 's not us wanting to punish you , that 's what the british public forced britain and eu to do by voting to leave . 
  it 's like watching someone jump in front of a train , we surely would n't want to be them but he jumped there himself and we ca n't grab him away anymore . 
  that 's natural for them , and other peoples away on the outskirts . 
  i guess it 's not natural to see it that way when you 're in the heart of europe but we also refer to basically the whole of western , central and southern europe and all the countries in there as `` europe '' and we `` go to europe '' for a vacation . 
  it 's not necessarily about us vs them or not wanting to be a part of a european community , is simply how things seem when you 're somewhat on the outside . 
  the brits in their isles and we here in the north with a sea between us and everything . 
  around 2dl per cup would be normal . 
  it 's not espresso strong , though . 
  closer to americano but i do n't think that 's a very good description either . 
  there is nothing wrong with the beans , they 're often great albeit generally a light roast . 
  it 's the brewing part that often needs a lot of work . 
  you can make excellent coffee with finnish beans . 
  that would essentially make / r/europe / r/russia . 
  i 'm not sure that 's the direction we want to take . 
  i ca n't comment on other countries but at least for finland it 's still accurate . 
  yes , we do have two official languages , but the finnish speakers need to learn swedish , the other official yet foreign to them language , and the swedish speakers vice versa . 
  the thing is , we have a small swedish people 's party hovering around 5 % support and , as you might guess from the name , concentrates mostly on keeping the language situation as it is in the country . 
  their support is only around 5 % in all the elections but they are basically willing to support any coalition as long as the coalition does n't touch swedish , so they 're often an easy party to work with for more popular parties in need of a coalition partner . 
  due to being basically the easiest partner ever , they were in the cabinet 16 consecutive times from mid 70s until last year when the current cabinet was formed , in coalition with left , right or centrist parties .
