  yeah , let 's take the responsibility away from the people who actually vote all the racist bigots in and blame it on the ones opposing instead . 
  the people as a whole voted very closely , the individual areas likely voted much more one sided , although the graph does n't show us the numbers . 
  the graphic is a bit misleading , though . 
  rikhardinkatu library is definitely my favorite , it 's a beautiful building and the room with the staircase is awesome , if a bit impractical by modern standards . 
  that is a brilliant building , i 'll definitely have to visit if i ever end up in sein\u00e4joki . 
  i got that from a half-american half-russian kid , he was like `` i do n't think you 've seen one of these before '' and pulled a macbook from his backpack . 
  i thought he meant that we did n't have macbooks here , but turns out he did n't think i had seen a laptop before . 
  i went to school a few decades ago , i have no idea what they teach these days . 
  iirc we talked about vikings , but it was made clear that it 's only a theory and we could n't know for sure . 
  obviously we covered columbus as well , and many other figures from the colonization era around the world . 
  i do n't know if it was just the brilliant history teacher i had or the curriculum in general , but we did n't have many `` hard truths '' in history class . 
  history is rarely black and white and we were reminded of that constantly and usually discussed things from many perspectives to understand how eg . 
  conflicts were perceived by different parties . 
  as for the russians finding the american continent , i 've never heard of that . 
  is that a more recent theory ? 
  fairly basic . 
  we did go over the major things starting from discovering the continent all the way up to modern days but most of the time we studied things in the european context . 
  in general , we mainly concentrated on finnish and european history , and everything with no relation to europe was n't covered much . 
  around 20 , mostly in western europe , i 've never left europe actually . 
  italy is my favorite , i 'm going to milan and tuscany in a few weeks and that 's the fifth time i think . 
  next `` proper '' destination ( not counting sweden or estonia both of which i usually visit yearly ) might be st. petersburg or maybe moscow , i 've only seen vyborg and a small town close to it where my family lived for centuries before it ended up on russian side after the war . 
  i 'm going to have to get a passport for that , though , i have n't had one in ages . 
  really ? 
  i 've thought you guys love your song competitions more than most . 
  you should try ours . 
  traditional rye bread is as good as it gets , even for someone used to german breads . 
  smaller towns . 
  it took a while to figure out what a shaker town is until i realized my autocorrect invented the phrase ... 
  i did n't call names , that 's the actual impression your rambling gives . 
  yet again you deny the violence , because it does n't fit your narrative . 
  pathetic . 
  i have no idea what you 're talking about with `` besiegement '' and whatnot . 
  it 's not relevant to the issue at all . 
  frankly , your comments make me think you have mental problems , you sound delusional . 
  both right wing extremists and left wing extremists regularly hold violent riots . 
  while rioting , they engage in both bodily harm and harm to property . 
  that is an easily verifiable fact . 
  as long as you keep tiptoeing around it instead of admitting it , i ca n't have a rational discussion with you . 
  you condone political violence , and i do n't . 
  let 's leave it at that . 
  unnecessary political violence against bystanders is unnecessary political violence against innocent bystanders . 
  the difference between us is that you 're okay with it if it happens to align with your views and i 'm not . 
  all political violence is bad and inexcusable . 
  if that makes my argument `` simple '' in your eyes , so be it . 
  i 'm just glad most people are with me instead of you , or the world would be a lot more miserable . 
  are you saying that those antifa retards are never the aggressor ? 
  because that would make you a liar . 
  it 's simple , really . 
  both right wing extremists and left wing extremists are a bunch of violent thugs going around causing damage to both people and property of innocent bystanders . 
  that makes them both the aggressor and the villain , not a hero . 
  so because nazis are violent towards non-nazis , we need another group who is also violent towards non-another group ? 
  that 's beyond ridiculous . 
  both of them can fuck right off . 
  they 're literally mirror images of each other , causing only needless terror and unrest while doing nothing positive or productive to societies . 
  to my understanding that 's what happens in parts of asia , not in europe . 
  i 've worked in a position that got tips from foreigners and americans were much more likely to tip than other nationalities , although i did get some tips from others from time to time as well . 
  i felt that i did n't mind at all if someone tossed free money at me for no reason . 
  sure i got paid and was only doing what i was paid to do anyway but i 'm not going to turn down more money ... 
  they 're pretty much the same in here as well . 
  the thing is , they just happen to `` get lucky '' with city planning in pretty much everywhere and end up with all the prime areas for supermarkets and shaker towns are planned in a way that the local prisma ends up as the only convenient place for a large part of the population . 
  and i 'll have to emphasise , the reason is n't corruption because everyone knows we do n't have corruption over here ... 
  pro-peace while doing very little apart from discriminate violence towards pretty much anyone ? 
  that 's a very original idea of peace you have there ... 
  my first memory from sweden is watching the guards change shifts , it was quite entertaining . 
  definitely more entertaining than my second memory from sweden , having a pigeon poop on my shoulder . 
  i mostly read in finnish and english . 
  i do n't have a preference either way , i read whichever copy i happen to get my hands on first . 
  in recent years i 've discovered audio books , they 're brilliant way to `` read '' a lot of books while commuting , doing chores and other mindless boring activity i do n't need to think about doing . 
  three audio books are almost exclusively in english , as ones in finnish are expensive and the selection is relatively poor in comparison . 
  i 've tried reading some stuff in swedish and italian as well but that 's mostly for practicing the languages , i 'm not fluent enough to enjoy either . 
  i usually stick to testing newspapers as the articles are shorter and less taxing to get through , haha . 
  there 's practically no change . 
  obviously i 've had to figure out a few details here and there about things that have n't come up until recently , but all in all my views are fairly similar as they have been for a while . 
  two years is a really short time , unless you 're young enough to just start forming a political opinion in the first place . 
  on my father 's side the family has lived in the same village in south karelia since at least 1630s . 
  it was part of sweden back then , and was among the first regions sweden lost to russia . 
  i guess technically my ancestors have lived in `` the same country i was born in '' since 1917 , since that 's when the country itself gained independence . 
  the area was home to finns for a lot longer , though . 
  i do n't know my history from my mother 's side that well , but that side has lived in tavastia region well over hundred years at least , going back several generations i know of . 
  i suppose most freeze at least some of them like i do , those boxes usually sell out really quickly . 
  obviously you can buy them in smaller quantities as well , but they 're a lot more expensive that way . 
  our current apartment is 50m \u00b2 , two rooms , a kitchen and a bathroom . 
  with a smart floor plan it 's the perfect size for two people and a few cats in my opinion . 
  if we had a kid i 'd want something around 60-70m \u00b2 . 
  our last place was the same size and had a sauna in the bathroom included in the number , i miss having that . 
  these days we 'll have to manage with 3 communal saunas in the building but i do n't like having to reserve it beforehand so we do n't use them very often . 
  both our parents live in houses around 150m \u00b2 , my apartments have always been around 40-50m \u00b2 and my gf had lived in several single room flats around 25-30m \u00b2 before we lived together . 
  i 'd say we 're pretty average for ( once ) young city folk . 
  when they 're in season you can get a 5kg box of bilberries for around 30-40 $ from a market booth . 
  in supermarkets they 're usually a bit more expensive , probably closer to 50 $ per box . 
  usually i 'll buy a box or two and freeze most of it in small bags to use for the whole year . 
  the american variant that grows in bushes is usually more expensive and does n't taste as good so they 're not very popular . 
  they can be found fresh outside of bilberry season , though , but most just use frozen bilberries instead . 
  [ what about the other gulf ? 
  ] ( https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=pw3e64soseg ), 
  and the roads are often in horrible condition . 
  i ca n't remember exactly but it was definitely at least a few months , maybe even longer . 
  it just came up randomly at some point and we had no idea what she was talking about , haha . 
  she was just so confused , we were visibly upset and she somehow connected it to her and figured the whole thing must 've been her fault . 
  my sister was convinced for a long time that it was her fault .
