  no , you obviously missed the one that 's good at hockey for some reason . 
  it ca n't be that bad in there . 
  if it 's anything like we have over here in finland , it 's not the kind of private system you 're probably thinking about as an american . 
  i also prefer the private system , which i mostly get covered through work . 
  while it costs money , the costs are n't astronomical like in the states and the private and public health care often are used simultaneously . 
  if i had something expensive coming up that my workplaces insurance would n't cover , i 'd just stop by the local public clinic and they 'd get me fixed basically for free . 
   please , do n't act like a 10 year old misinterpreting people intentionally . 
  how else is he going to defend his argument that falls apart if treated in any other way than acting like a 10 year old misinterpreting people intentionally ? 
  you are making his ridiculous position look ridiculous . 
  shame on you . 
  do n't you know that all that is done by the gay lobby !?!, 
  you could listen to the news on the radio in latin over here . 
  you have to use the national broadcaster special tax money somehow , why not use it to broadcast news in a dead language that used be spoken in the other end of the continent ? 
  not bitching at the press ? 
  he sent over a dozen angry emails spanning the whole evening to a journalist and ccd her boss , the chief editor of the biggest media in the country , after the journalist covered the story . 
  you must be an insufferable cunt if that does n't even register as `` bitching '' for you . 
  it would be easier to believe you if the prime minister did n't try to bully the state run media to not cover it . 
  if you see a policeman and start running away , you might not be a criminal but you sure as hell look like one . 
  because it is n't as great a business as they claim it is . 
  most dishes are pretty simple and rely on basic flavours . 
  it 'll be really bland if cooked poorly . 
  if your potatoes and fish are overcooked , it does n't have a taste . 
  if they 're perfect , they do n't need much else in the plate . 
  i guess he did n't like it because it was n't true . 
  you 're finnish . 
  you commented in finnish before . 
  why do you pretend to be an american , and an idiotic one at that ? 
  based on what ? 
  your comment is stupid . 
   i can say that europe can stay as stable and democratic for the rest of my life and even my kids life . 
  it _ can _ . 
  that does n't mean it _ will _ . 
  we can hope but neither of us can guarantee it . 
   you are from finland , you shouldnt complain about shit like this with the culture you have . 
  i did n't say our current government would abuse that kind of powers dangerously . 
  then again , i 'm absolutely certain that some of the past ones would 've . 
  the 20s were n't quite as stable as we are now , we were a few year old nation just after an unusually bloody civil war . 
  that kind of knowledge would 've been handy for both sides . 
  a war at some point in the future is n't impossible either . 
  unlikely at the moment but things change quickly , certainly quicker than a lifetime . 
   also thats not how data works . 
  also what data could they have on you that would pose a threat to any regime ? 
  people pose a threat to totalitarian regimes . 
  the data allows them to easily find the people who have wrong opinions or the wrong friends . 
  i find the easiest to understand example is the rise of the nazis . 
  imagine they had the internet back then , people would send emails to their rabbi or visit their synagogues website . 
  or perhaps someone was curious and did searches about communism 15 years before the nazis , during the russian revolution . 
  then the nazis rise to power and start going through the massive amounts of historical data about people 's at the time innocent behaviour and you can figure out the rest . 
   im sorry but im all for heavy goverment surveilance . 
  my freedom doesnt equal human lives . 
  my point is that holding on to that freedom might very well save human lives . 
  once you give it away , it 's gone forever , not only for the current trustworthy government but every other one after that , including the possible illegitimate ones . 
  you do n't have to agree but i 'd like for you to understand my point at least . 
  that 's my point . 
  if the society did crumble , as you put it , many a dictator would love to have a database with enough information to identify and dispose of potential risks to their regime . 
  you trust your current government but what about the next one ? 
  what about the one 50 years from now ? 
  that data does n't disappear . 
  once it 's collected , it 's available forever . 
  can you be certain that your country can stay as stable and democratic for the rest of your life , or your kids life ? 
  i know i ca n't . 
  a lot can happen in a century , just look at the last one we 've had . 
  russians logging stuff will probably do less harm to an individual in a country outside of their sphere of influence than your own country getting the information . 
  your own government is the one you have to live with . 
  for now . 
  apparently you can see the future , would you mind pm : ing me the winning numbers for lottery next week while you 're at it ? 
  that 's actually a pretty cool story . 
  good for you !, 
  parts of it , yes . 
  but so does helsinki and turku in some places . 
  there 's a lot of very unique scenery and areas in tampere as well , places around the rapid are really cool for example . 
  they 'll be searching american subs hiding in the archipelago any day now ... 
  a ferry from tallinn to helsinki is way quicker , even if you do n't count the time wasted in the two border crossings . 
  that 's a good thing when occasionally flying there , i love how small and efficient tegel is . 
  there 's a new one coming out , the first chapter is ( was ? ), 
  available for free online . 
  finland is first . 
  your theory falls apart right from the start , well done . 
  is n't that the dryness infrastructure in this case ? 
  i 'm sorry i made a joke . 
  about ourselves . 
  if i were to buy a convertible and then complain when the seats are wet and frozen all the time , which one of us would be retarded , me buying one here or mercedes-benz for making one ? 
  that 's a feature , our italian made trains are always late as well . 
  to be honest , maybe not always . 
  only during winter when there 's snow and ice , or spring when the ground unfreezes , or autumn when the falling leaves make the tracks too slippery . 
  during the summer they 're late because the local technology used to manage the tracks does n't like the heat . 
  the italian trains work fine during the three annual warm summer days , though . 
  surprisingly , we 're with romania on this one . 
  i 'd say it 's a cheese nobody hates . 
  it has no taste at all . 
  if we allied with sweden we could not-find so many more russian subs !, 
  that has been reality for centuries , though . 
  it 's hard to change geography . 
  you should 've gotten a local sim for that , iirc they are n't that expensive in italy . 
  i 've been lucky enough to have reasonably priced roaming so i could get by , although it was a bit more expensive than usual . 
  customers are still going to use email , you 'd have to answer them online at least . 
  crawl back to your hole . 
  probably because `` the us is so huge it could never work there , you europeans would n't understand how big it is . '', 
  it 's not up to the farmers to keep up with the regulation . 
  they either do , or they 're shut down .
