  the morning when the news broke out , me and mom were watching and listening the news in the living room . 
  my sister was a toddler and she was in the bathroom trying to yell our mom to come help her clean herself up , and we shouted back to be quiet for a bit so we could hear better . 
  it was n't until later when my sister brought it up and was really sad and apologetic about the whole thing . 
  it took us a while to connect the dots , basically she thought she pooped estonia to the bottom of the sea . 
  viaplay is also popular among sports fans . 
  they stream nhl , khl , nfl , most of european top soccer leagues and champions league and ufc among others . 
  there 's some movies and tv shows as well but not nearly as much ask their competitors have . 
  to my understanding it 's currently legal but you have to follow the same curriculum as everyone else . 
  as long as that is the case , i do n't see a problem with it . 
  home schooling is really rare over here , though , i 've never met anyone home schooled . 
  i 've seen it mentioned in media a few times and those people have generally been unable to attend normal schools , being expats or something like that . 
  having the option to home school seems reasonable in those cases . 
  then again , i do n't think the opinions themselves deserve any inherent respect . 
  also , holding batshit crazy opinions will reflect on the respect for the person as well , although everyone deserves some level of basic human decency even if they have idiotic opinions . 
  in finland women got a right to vote and hold office in 1906 , and 1907 the first women got their seats in the parliament . 
  women could n't join the military until 1995 , though . 
  there were some female combatants in the civil war in 1918 , but i guess that 's not really the same thing . 
  i have n't done a dna test for that , but they are n't very useful or accurate to be of much use anyway . 
  i did discover recently that a very distant relative of mine had done genealogy , though . 
  it was extensive enough to reach my branch as well . 
  apparently my father 's father 's side of the family have lived in the same small village in karelia since early 17th century , until my grandfather had to leave as a refugee to espoo when the soviets took the area during ww2 . 
  it appears that our family started with a dutch sailor who ended up in the area , probably via vyborg , a major trade hub at the time and a port city nearby . 
  it was fascinating to read through the whole thing , see the names of my forefathers and their family members , read through their causes of death and all that . 
  i guess not making anything special of myself is n't that bad , considering it took my predecessors 400 years to even leave the village they were born in , haha . 
  the german born writer roman schatz also comes to mind . 
  as a football fan , the eremenko boys alexei , roman and sergei were also born in russia before their father alexei sr. . m moved to finland to play and live . 
  then there 's the hetemajs from kosovo , perparim and mehmet , both national team level footballers as well , and their sister fatbardhe who is a politician . 
  i 'd let you guys pick any goalie you want for phil kessel . 
  we have enough goalies for a few teams but could do with a sniper . 
  that 's a classic , i have all the animated ones on dvd . 
  definitely one of my favorites as a kid . 
  at least in here they 're both translated to the same word comics , `` sarjakuvat '' ( = serial pictures '' ) , but we do differentiate between the two . 
  however , the superhero ones are clearly an american phenomenon , i ca n't think of a single one from anywhere else . 
  there are comic books but they focus on other areas like adventures ( tintin , asterix and obelix etc. 
  ) , western ( tex willer ) , detective stories etc. 
  over here in finland the most popular comic has always been all the disney stuff , especially everything by carl barks and don rosa . 
  most of us for generations have learned to read with donald duck . 
  i got subscribed to the weekly comic before i was even born , as my dad finally had an acceptable excuse to get them make to our house , haha . 
  well , [ kind of ] ( https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/district_heating ) . 
  it 's a system of enormous hot water pipes running under the city , connecting to water heating systems in buildings . 
  it 's basically a giant boiler , heating enough water to keep a whole city warm . 
  it 's way more efficient than everyone heating up their own houses but obviously only works in an urban environment with enough buildings connected to the system in the area to make it worth it . 
  how is it possible to screw up that monumentally ? 
  if i ran an enormous company trying to start doing business in a new country , the first thing i 'd do would be to check with my team of hundreds of lawyers on how to comply with local laws . 
  also the pillow case example . 
  how can someone _ not _ notice that , if they 've ever been abroad ? 
  being amazed by a regular everyday thing like that is ridiculous , especially if that 's the stuff you plan on selling . 
  it 's like an american car manufacturer going to england and being surprised they have wheels on the different side . 
  that 's pretty much the kind of stuff you figure out before you launch your business !, 
  reading this post made me realize today is the 10th anniversary for us as a couple . 
  yay , us !, 
  we are n't married because we have n't bothered . 
  it would change nothing at all in our daily lives , and would be a slight hassle to go through with all the bureaucracy needed , and we have n't felt like doing all that . 
  it 's not like we 're against the idea , we just are n't for it either , haha . 
  we 've district heating , like most people in cities over here . 
  it 's cheap and reliable , and the cost is baked into rent . 
  i 'm not paying more for it . 
  generally , heating bill is n't something most people in apartments are thinking about , usually they have district heating . 
  our ceiling is at 3.2 m as our building was converted to housing from office use . 
  everyone visiting for the first time has commented on the height , as it 's that unusual . 
  i 'd love having all apartments with higher ceilings , it really does make a difference . 
  i remember sas did n't have row 13 in at least some of their planes , but that does n't seem to be the case anymore . 
  then again , that was probably due to international passengers . 
  possibly , but those kind of houses are often built without cellars too . 
  depends on the area . 
  in most places that would be feasible , if you switch suburbs to smaller towns out villages as we do n't have the kind of suburbs as the us cities . 
  in major cities houses theme to be pretty expensive , though . 
  finns usually want both parents to work , stay at home moms are n't a sign of middle class over here , both parents generally go to work , unless there 's small children . 
  seems like something around 150-200 square meters . 
  plenty enough for an average sized family . 
  i 'd say most ( older ) houses are a bit smaller than that , at least here in finland . 
  i was thinking more of a traditional workers club starting to play in the lower leagues as an amateur team , not something like red bull . 
  would it still be possible to form a team like that , or would they have to come up with a different name ? 
   there are rules in place that , for example our football-teams ( which are the most important teams here ) ca n't be named after companies ( expetion is bayer leverkusen , but that solely out of historical reasons ) . 
  what if someone forms a company team to play in the lower divisions , could n't they name it after the company like bayer leverkusen ? 
  i understand the ban for renaming an existing team for sponsorship reasons or whatnot , but surely you should name a new team freely , if it was a company team ? 
  i used to work with a guy who resigned to go play hockey in the italian league . 
  i do n't think there are many teams in the south , iirc most of the main teams are fairly close to northern border . 
  poland visited top division recently , although i 'm not sure how they 're doing now in the second level . 
  i 've seen them once or twice , they 're pretty good . 
  iirc the name is based on tolkien 's work , though . 
  why would they associate vikings with mountains , though ? 
  i 've never heard of that before . 
  how exactly was the ice age a result of `` humans screwing themselves over '' ? 
  again , studies done on the subject are very clear on this . 
  it 's not an issue of debate , the scientific community agrees that beating your kids is n't a productive way to raise them . 
  i 'm not going to bother searching for studies on an issue that is so clear cut . 
  if you wish to actually read them , search for pretty much any modern paper on the issue and you find it did n't support your claims . 
  obviously we both know that you 're only asking for a source in hopes i wo n't bother to do your research for you so you can feel like you `` won '' . 
  that 's fine with me , in the end i 'm only the lazy guy while you 're the one who thinks beating children is a great activity . 
   danish is actually a beautiful language but the swedish are just really bad at it . 
  actually that would explain the language . 
  you might be on to something here . 
  only one particular version of a traditional marriage . 
  there have been quite a few forms of marriage traditions at various points in time . 
  science disagrees with you . 
  i guess they must be wrong ... 
  i 've always assumed it 's done out of anger . 
  why would you beat someone if you 're not angry enough to lose control and do something that extreme ? 
  it 's a tough choice , either no more cheap liquor or no more beating sweden in hockey .
