  got any source for any of that ? 
  their policies in anything are not even close to `` extreme right '' . 
  it 's worth pointing out that traditional romani are just a part of them , many have left the traditional way of life and clothing and are just as integrated to society as anyone else . 
  i 'd guess the world is changing for them too and it will become even more popular in future generations . 
  to badly quote a popular guy around here , `` i was n't wrong , just an asshole '' . 
  as my other responses in this thread suggest , i do n't mind the pay itself , it 's for common good and could be spent way worse . 
  i just felt that guy was more than a bit hypocritical in his reasoning . 
  true . 
  however there is only a finite amount of resources , so we should still try to use them in a way that we can make the biggest impact possible which is tricky . 
  for starters , helping countries develop tends to stabilize them which would be obviously beneficial to us as we are among/close to those regions . 
  it 's also easier to deal with more developed regions both politically and economically , on top of the societal value for the local people . 
  obviously none of this is going to happen anywhere overnight but it should be something we should try to encourage . 
  good point . 
  that 's obviously up to ones personal morals but i think all of us europeans are in a position to try and better the world in some ways without even having to sacrifice anything to do so or expecting anything in return . 
  based on the policies european countries seem to share , that 's pretty commonly agreed upon . 
  until your country starts paying more to the eu than you 're taking away from it , you should shut the fuck up about how we 're spending our money . 
  you do n't pay for the immigrants or greece , we pay you so you can use part of that money on it , among other things . 
  the difference between reasonable people and yourself is that reasonable people realize that supporting you and other economically or socially less fortunate like refugees will be beneficial for all of us in the long run . 
  how exactly did we put nazi experiments to good use ? 
  i 'd like someone older with bigger ears , do they have one like that ? 
  should be enough , you 'd be able to check your mail one a month ... 
  we traditionally use professionals too , i thought it was n't very common but seems i was wrong since you do it too . 
  i remember when i accidentally bumped into the most well known one in a moshpit in slayer concert once , that was a bit surprising , haha . 
  funny how i have n't seen one that hooks up logically in the whole thread . 
  thanks for the translation , i had no idea that part actually had a meaning . 
  when a savonian speaks and so forth ... 
  it 's true for all positions , excluding higher managerial positions . 
  people still can have varying wages , either by seniority and other union negotiated stuff or they can be paid more than the minimum on a personal basis . 
  everyone should still get the minimum union mandated wages and benefits , for cleaners that might fall under maintenance workers agreement . 
  sometimes companies use rented workers , which i think is what you mean . 
  they hire a company to provide them with workers that technically work for the workforce renting company , often as part timers . 
  they get paid by the renting company and might not work under the same union ( or at least are working as `` new hires '' , with no seniority bonus in company ) as the colleagues that are employed by the original business . 
  it 's easy for the company to get rid of them as they are only renting their services from the workforce renting business , who in turn have their employees contracted in a way that they do n't have to provide them with full hours . 
  that got confusing even for me , now that i read it back , but hopefully you figured at least some of it out . 
  in conclusion , everyone are to be paid the union specified minimum for their position or they can take the employer to court and are pretty much guaranteed to win . 
  there 's some leeway as to which union minimum it will be due to some companies sometimes trying to switch to a cheaper one on some positions , but that 's a whole another issue . 
  in the finnish system , ek is just as important part as the workers unions , as for some reason we 're still stuck in the threeway bargaining model ( kolmikanta , that 's workers unions , employer unions and the government agreeing together for workforce related issues ) perfected in the past for the past world in any issue to do with workforce . 
  it has been a useful tool and to some extent still is , but in the end , the government still has the real power if they just would use it when necessary . 
  personally i 'd like to see government take back some of the power they 've given to both of the unions in cases that they ca n't agree on . 
  it 's frustrating to sometimes see issues hang because the government is afraid to do anything they have n't had a threeway agreement in which might either take years or be impossible altogether . 
  sure you can . 
  i did n't like the term `` circumvent '' either , as they are working within the law as you said . 
  still , i 've never seen any union advertise the fact that you do n't need to join the union to get the unemployment fund membership and have actively tried to make it more difficult to run an unemployment fund that is n't a union specific . 
  they would like to keep the heavily subsidised business to themselves . 
  atleast it used to . 
  the forest industry sure is n't what it used to be anymore . 
  at least in here , they 'd have to pay the minimum ( in finland we do n't have a minimum wage but every job in a field has to pay the current union wage , whether the worker is in one or not ) to everyone they hire and most companies that employ people in positions where a minimum wage is an option tend to not pay much more than that to anyone in that position . 
  how is that contradicting what / u/kokokokkoko said ? 
  he did say that you can join only an unemploymend fund like ytk without joining a union . 
  unions are n't happy about that and have been trying to make ytk 's life difficult in the past , like the recent court case they lost . 
  i like it actually , it 's not annoying at all once you get used to it and people noticing me coming without the need for a bell is a plus as well . 
  for the pursuit of silence , you just have to keep pedaling , haha !, 
  every self respecting cyclist with a road bike should have a campagnolo freewheel loud enough to hear a block away . 
  all i 've ever had to do is stop pedaling for a second and people hear me coming . 
  if we taxed the richest 1 % of all their possessions , we 'd have a nice sum of money for this year . 
  next year we 'd be fucked . 
  there is n't very many rich people . 
  it 's completely irrelevant in the scale of a country whether they 're taxed high or low when compared to masses . 
  if we raise the taxes for middle class 1 % we get a larger sum of money than when we raise the rich people 's taxes 10 % . 
  whining about raising the taxes for rich people to ridiculous amounts is nothing but jealousy . 
  it 's not going to solve the deficit of any budget . 
   i never understood nordics obsession trying to take ancient greek history for themselves . 
  we obsess over that ? 
  i have n't heard about the idea of ancient greeks being nordic looking , but i admit wondering why jesus always looked so much like us when i was a kid . 
  however , i do know for a fact that the human civilization has born in [ finland ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/sigurd_wettenhovi-aspa ) before spreading to the less sophisticated people over the world , but i did n't know that we actually had a role in ancient greek culture as well . 
  yes , so not very recent . 
  definitely not likely , given all the wars before and after that and the few times it had been done throughout history . 
  i know . 
  nukes are hardly the most probable outcome if russia invades yet another small neighbouring country . 
  suffering of the said neighbouring country is . 
  therefore him claiming that he 's in a worse position is ludicrous . 
  oh , poor you , living a stone throw away from the most important place of the attackers empire . 
  i ca n't think of a worse place to be if russia starts another war without a cause . 
  remind me , when was moscow occupied the last time ? 
  surely you have it worse than the hundreds of thousands of innocent people who are forced to face the attacks . 
  or the millions who have to fear for their lives and loved ones and losing their homes and countries , for the second time for some . 
  are you for real ? 
  that 's probably the most ignorant statement i 've ever heard . 
  if a country with forty times the population of your country that is concentrating heavily on using its military on unsuspecting neighbours is talking about military response to peaceful actions of an independent state , it 's not `` bullshit '' . 
  it 's a legit concern . 
  you trivializing it like that shows that you do n't have a clue . 
  it 's easy tell people to chill and not to worry when you 're in not in the line . 
  for what it 's worth , they do invade finnish and estonian airspace regularly . 
  i do n't understand how it 's so hard to believe they would n't do it to sweden . 
  how does that affect the victims need for support ? 
  i do n't see how it 's relevant who does the attacking . 
  by claiming women having to go through situations where violence is a threat would be somehow more common tells me you 're not a man ... 
  during the winter war we had some material help from other countries , volunteers from sweden and estonia and technically did lose the war to the soviet union , but managed to keep our independence . 
  later we fought the continuation war , officially alongside germany but `` fighting different wars '' , to indicate that we were n't allied . 
  in reality , we were somewhat more co-ordinated than the phrasing would suggest and were indeed allied with them _ in this front _ . 
  we did infact advance beyond the original borders into the soviet union and there had been talks of `` greater finland '' ( although not as an official policy or anything ) between the wars , but eventually ended up back on our asses and had to agree to pretty harsh peace demands in the end . 
  lapland war was a side product of the peace with soviet union , they required us to drive the germans out of finland and offered to `` help '' by bringing in the soviet army . 
  we respectfully declined of their kind offer and chose to drive them out ourselves . 
  that was an unusual war as neither of the parties involved really wanted to fight the war . 
  that lead to germany and finland secretly agreeing a timetable for the german retreat and the finnish military were supposed to `` chase them out '' without actually ending up in battles while the germans burned bridges and villages along the way . 
  while the germans fleed they were a bit too eager to light the match for finnish liking and the soviets were hurrying things along so there ended up being some battles but all in all it was n't as bad as a war than the earlier ones against the soviets . 
  australia to eu !, 
  probably no significant difference if smoked but otherwise true . 
  yep , the same thing . 
  it 's incredibly effective too , i think over 95 % of all the cans and bottles are recycled .
