  there is no actual reason to force people to close their shop for a day every week , as long as the employees get their mandated rest days . 
   and yes , those people are compensated for the extra pressure weekend work brings . 
  obviously . 
  that would be the case in all the other workers working on weekends as well , there 's no reason why the store clerk should n't get a bit of extra for sundays . 
  if the store deems it too much , they could just not open on sundays . 
   it 's not slow if it 's the same as in week days . 
  it 's not the same as in week days , not even close . 
  over here the stores can be open on sundays but the traffic is still slow as the vast majority of people still work mostly on weekdays and people do n't go shopping at the exact same time , unlike most of the people going to work on weekdays . 
  if the already smaller amount of traffic is divided , say , between 10am to 3pm going to shopping and noon to 6pm coming home , instead of 90 % going to work at 8am and 90 % coming home at 4pm , there 's going to be a lot less traffic . 
  sure they do . 
  they can get a job which requires them to work day x or get a job that does n't . 
  i 'm fairly sure that , for example , the polish police does n't close the shop on sundays . 
   do your groceries on other days . 
  people need more than groceries . 
  a day off would be the perfect time to get those . 
   there are plenty of reasons for it . 
  employees need rest days , small business owners need rest days i agree . 
  none of those reasons require _ everyone _ to have _ the same _ day off . 
  what about your police force , fire fighters , hospital staff , bus drivers etc. ? 
  that must be hard to work those professions as they apparently never have a day off . 
   people everywhere need days when the traffic noise slows down to a reasonable level . 
  not everyone lives in a forest . 
  if a slow sunday traffic is too much , maybe they should live in a forest . 
  i snapped a picture of a [ german police officer ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/fi/thumb/2/2d/robocopdvd.jpg/800px-robocopdvd.jpg ) on a sunday on my holiday . 
  consuming stuff is still a part of it , want it or not . 
  how are you supposed to do that when the stores are closed on days you 're not working ? 
  there is no rational reason for it . 
  you do n't _ have to _ go shopping on sundays . 
  you 're allowed to stay at home . 
  damn that revisionistic school teachers union !, 
  that black guy behind the banner has the best `` are you guys serious ?!? '', 
  look imaginable . 
  that 's a good idea . 
  i did n't say you do but there 's still a difference between 9 months of training and a university degree . 
  i am chill . 
  he said `` it may not have been a refugee . 
  '' , though . 
  you ca n't come closer to claiming that if you tried . 
  that 's absolutely ridiculous . 
  it 's all good , my mistake . 
  again , the absolute numbers are n't relevant . 
  i 'm not fighting you over anything but the absolute numbers do n't tell us anything . 
  the only meaningful number is the one adjusted per capita . 
  even that does n't obviously tell the whole story but that at least gives us some information , the absolute number is _ absolutely _ useless . 
   i 'm just saying that when group a has the same proportion of attacks as group b but has a larger population , there are more attacks in group a - period . 
  that 's obvious , but also irrelevant . 
  the proportions are still the same . 
  i thought you were the one downvoting me around the time of your comment , apparently not . 
  oh well , i guess i 'm not very good at joking and recognizing them ... 
  i 'm sorry my weak sitcom level joke offended you . 
  yeah , that 'd work . 
  the check part is the least of the worries , coming over and pestering the patrons every five minutes is the annoying part . 
  i know what you mean and some places can be like that . 
  i generally do n't go there again if i have to go through a lot of trouble to wink the waiter to my table , that 's very annoying . 
  even that can be done easily and discreetly when done right . 
  at least some people seem to complain that the service is n't good enough if the waiter does n't constantly come over to the table . 
  that is something i 'd find awful , yet some people seem to think it 's a necessary part of good service . 
  i can understand how someone might think that way , the waiter taking interest in them , but to me that sounds terrible as i 'd have to stop the conversation and lose the atmosphere constantly . 
  that 's the kind of thing i was trying to describe . 
  it does n't matter if the country has 300 million people or 80 million people as the statistics are available as per capita . 
  otherwise they 'd be absolutely useless . 
  that 's how statistics are used , this is pretty basic stuff really . 
  really ? 
  for a profession that requires a person to de-escalate possibly violent situations using psychology , deal with all kinds of emergencies possible , including medical , be familiar with pretty much all kinds of laws and very familiar with portions of them depending on their duty , know how to effectively use minimum necessary amount of physical force if necessary and have time to actually train under an another officer on the field before being thrown out there on their own ? 
  and a million other aspects i could n't think of in a few dozen seconds it took me to write this . 
  nine months does n't seem that much , does it ? 
  it 'll take years before someone is even close to ready to do the job properly with confidence . 
  that 's why the training is years in many places , over here it 's a four year long university level degree . 
  and i 'm glad about it , they 're truly professional and handle very difficult situations just as well as you 'd expect them to . 
  which is why we have professionals in those situations in the first place . 
  the thing is , all of those are subjective . 
   from what i 've seen and heard , americans who run across each other while abroad are far more likely than most europeans to have a friendly conversation , even if they do n't know each other . 
  where ya from , whatcha doin ' here , that kind of stuff . 
  i bet that 's right . 
  then again , i 'd hate if a fellow finn stranger came to me chit chatting like that for no reason , and so would many of my countrymen . 
  so for me people not doing that is a positive . 
   i love that i do n't need to spend five minutes trying to catch the eye of the waiter in order to ask for the check . 
  i do n't usually feel rushed to leave in the us , and they always say , `` here 's the check , just pay when you 're ready . '', 
  when i 'm out , i rather have the waiter come and take the order and disappear . 
  it 's his job to time himself properly and gauge the feeling around the table to appear when needed , but not interfere when not needed . 
  so in general , the less i spend interacting with a waiter and the more with the people i 'm dining with , the better . 
  a professional waiter works like a mind reader , really . 
  again , a completely opposite of the american view , yet both are considered superior by some . 
  what does the size of the country have to do with this ? 
  i swear , every time any comparison is made about anything between the states and any country , there 's always an american commenting `` but the states are so much bigger '' . 
  what on earth made you think a refugee did it ? 
  there 's literally no reason what so ever to jump to that conclusion . 
  want to walk me through your thought process ? 
  is n't that the exact opposite ? 
   canada is the second largest country on earth . 
  the distances involved and current range of ev 's make them impractical in canada . 
   driving from quebec to vancover is a longer drive than oslo to tehran . 
  yeah , i 'm not an idiot , i know canada is large . 
  if that was the reason you could n't have any car in there , as you have to refuel countless of times to get from one end to the other anyway . 
  not everyone needs to go from quebec to vancouver . 
  obviously an electric car would be a horrible choice for that . 
  driving around in central vancouver is a completely different thing . 
  i was wondering why it would be impractical for that in canada . 
  well , yeah , that 's what i thought as well . 
  obviously they 're for someone who only needs a car locally this far north , i understood your earlier comment in a way that they would barely run at all for some reason .
