what is a toff ? 
  of course !, 
  one more than uk . 
  we win this round, 
  exactly !, 
  when i see those rankings , i always scroll down to see france 's rank and if we beat uk in this petty `` war '', 
  absolutely !, 
  people here joke about the finland-netherlands thing , but it 's amazing how close france and uk always are in all rankings . 
  they 're always pretty meh too , at like 15-20, 
  great city !, 
  the cathedral is absolutely worth the visit as is the toulouse lautrec museum . 
  albi is also great to just walk in with plenty of beautiful shops . 
  great food too , duck confit all around and the delicious [ pink garlic ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/lautrec_pink_garlic ) . 
  do buy the pink garlic , it 's seriously the best one i 've ever had . 
  even people who have trouble digesting garlic seemed to be fine with it . 
  did n't know about the last part , it 's very interesting ; thank you !, 
  caravaggio is one of my favorite painters . 
  he was a big fan of decapitation in paintings for what i 've seen of him . 
  with his `` judith beheading holofernes '' , his `` david with the head of goliath '' which are plural and his `` salome with the head of john the baptist '' , there are lots of severed heads . 
  :p he was a criminal , but definitely an incredibly talented painter . 
  his [ judith ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/b/b2/caravaggio_judith_beheading_holofernes.jpg ) is my favorite i think . 
  i like goofy bald eagle tough , he looks happy too !, 
  very long elections for one . 
  i would also add the expats as a factor . 
  there are 10 out-of-france seats and turnout was 20 % it lowers the average . 
  this was a confused and tiring legislative . 
  since macron is popular , lots of candidates from center-left to center-right claimed to support him for the free votes . 
  this shameless opportunism or `` arrivisme '' as we call it in french make people feel cynical . 
  also , fn and fi , the far right and far left parties respectively , had great scores and a lot of votes for them were votes of protest against the system . 
  those voters probably had the lowest turnout on average . 
  i 'm not the best specialist on rwanda , but things have gotten much , much better since the genocide . 
  the country has undergone a very impressive growth . 
  totally right on the coal . 
  i hope it 's just another empty promise by trump and you 're not going to actually invest there . 
  renewable energies are a lobby like other industries , we should be wary of changes that are too sudden . 
  for example , i was quite surprised to learn about how long the `` payback period '' of commercial solar panels is . 
  in montreal , 8 years of the panel use is equivalent to its energetic cost of production . 
  two important manufacturers are china and germany , who use coal plants ... 
  so we use coal to make panels to produce energy . 
  is it actually clean ? 
  is an electric car in germany polluting more than an oil one because of the coal ? 
  i live in the montreal area . 
  june is the best of the year in montreal , so it 's pretty great at the moment . 
  if it could just rain a little less , it would be perfect !, 
  trump is also showing that america is a country with checks and balance . 
  the supreme court repelling his travel ban is imo a great demonstration of that . 
  the animosity between both country is also not even close to what it was in 2003 . 
  i 'd say most of you are already quite receptive to it . 
  also the hypocrisy of some countries that lecture can be very grating . 
  case in point : canada , where i live at the moment , is seen as an eco-friendly nation when it is worse in per capita pollution than america . 
  trudeau really is a pr master to make the world believe canada is actually green ... macron is showing in his actions ambition , pride and a drive that is new in french politics and a welcome mentality . 
  damn , this is more than i thought . 
  you have to make massive ~ ~ though ~ ~ dough to afford 3 children i guess ... 
  $ 4k a month ? 
  damn this is a lot . 
  for the stock compensation , it is among experienced professionals . 
  it is however quite taxed as you can probably guess . 
  in a lot of cases in france , firing someone can be really hard . 
  as such , minimal risk is preferred to potential . 
  also hierarchy can be annoyingly rigid in france . 
  seniority can be king . 
  france is not that great of a place to start a career if you are an ambitious professional . 
  definitely go to the usa instead . 
  i 'd wager there are less thefts in good neighborhood in america too , that it 's relatively safer than france in that aspect . 
  working in france is great if you 're older with a lot of credentials behind you . 
  the `` art de vivre '' is very present and there is a great quality of life and a fundamental place for aesthetic in everyday 's life . 
  you probably spend less time commuting in france too . 
  in the long term , i 'm not so sure for the more expensive places in the us . 
  child daycare for 3 children is like 10k + a year + the rent + saving for their college/university funds + their health insurance when they are young adults add up . 
  if you make 350k a year as a couple sure , but less than that i 'd like to see the tipping point when you have more purchasing power in france . 
  in france , you get paid way less and are taxed way more . 
  some salaries are pitiful for phd whereas us companies know how to attract highly qualified people . 
  i think this is mostly a marketing stunt than anything from macron . 
  say what you want about the us , they sure do n't lack highly qualified people and know how to drain those brains . 
  maybe try to attract people with children ? 
  in areas like silicon valley , children are extremely expensive whereas in france it 's much less of an issue . 
  even better , at 3 children , you have the large family advantage which includes cheaper transit system costs , massively reduced taxes and monthly allocations per children . 
  if you 're a couple with no children , you are massively richer in california . 
  at two children though , you have more purchasing power in france . 
  the pedalos do ruin it a bit though, 
  totally with you on corn ethanol . 
  shit needs to die already . 
  iirc , around 30 % of corn is used for biofuel production . 
  it is terrible environmentally and just artificially create a market that would not and be profitable . 
  damn , i would need sunglasses in here . 
  also a perfectionist janitor personal hell . 
  i mean , if there is no real threat they are right to not spend a lot . 
  it seemed to work well for costa rica . 
  if sweden can benefit from selling weapons , i 'm sure they may push for it one way or another . 
  one thing i do n't see much discussed here is the fact that countries with a big military -- industrial complex will always push toward higher spending . 
  the usa want other countries to spend more ? 
  no shit , they manufacture the weapons . 
  this is probably a reason france will also push other countries to spend more , got ta sell those rafales and mirages . 
  i am not against an european army though , countries like luxembourg will be more effective if they pool in a larger army instead of a tiny one . 
  the question of who would have commandment remains , probably france , because they have nuclear weapons , a seat on the un security council and the strongest army . 
  interesting !, 
  what is her relative rank compared to the pope or qaddafi when he was alive ? 
  aisne ( 02 ) is a very poor department that used to be very rich a long time ago ( like 80 years ) because of industrialization . 
  since said industries left , it 's very poor department that feels really left out . 
  the whole department needs a re haul of sorts , but i do n't know exactly what can be done tbqh .
