  giving overt military power to an organization that is purely bureaucratic and undemocratic is such a bad idea i did n't think people would actually entertain it . 
  i 'd be willing to forfeit my country 's military for the good of a united democratic europe , but alas , such entity would have to either evolve from the current eu or be born from it 's ashes . 
  i find it curious that portugal , while being receptive to immigration both from inside and outside the eu , is also one of the countries most concerned about europe 's external borders . 
  i do n't think this is a paradox , however . 
  it means that people do n't mind welcoming refugees as long as they go through the proper channels . 
  i think this is the most rational position you can have , if you care for solidarity but also for the stability of your society . 
  countries that are accepting of immigration should be able to receive migrants at the pace they think it 's suitable , the same way that countries that do n't accept them should n't have them forced upon them . 
  that is exactly what is happening here . 
  elections in greece ( september ) , portugal ( october ) and spain ( december ) soon . 
  have to start the usual fearmongering against any candidates that are not a part of the european people 's party . 
  why change an mo that has worked so well for so many years ? 
  you are right . 
  we educate nurses that then proceed to embark on a skiff towards the uk and demand that they get free housing and food in london . 
  we also educate engineers that then proceed to invade the nearest train station and demand they be brought to germany where they can live workfree at the expense of the german taxpayer . 
  the portuguese also gather in ghettos where they circlejerk about their religion and badmouth the countries that welcomed them , making a fuss so that those countries become a little more like portugal . 
  do n't know where you 're from but either your education system sucks , or it failed miserably to provide you with an education . 
  in either case , in this day and age there is no justification for ignorance . 
  also , to contribute a bit to your education , portugal has had it 's own migration waves in the past decades and has sheltered hundreds of thousands of people from it 's ex-colonies during angola and mozambique 's respective civil wars without help from other countries , or having to force other countries to accept people based solely on the portuguese opinion that these people should be welcomed . 
  few countries can say the same in europe . 
  i never qualified my statement so do n't try to twist what i said . 
  and `` mass killings '' does n't qualify either . 
  maybe you confuse portuguese angola with belgium congo . 
  that 's what happens when you try to talk about issues you are n't informed on . 
  and no , i do n't accept your point . 
  national pride is no substitute for critical thinking . 
  if anyone has a right to feel shamed in this debacle are the greeks for being called lazy , corrupt , less-than-human unfixable `` assets '' for years on end . 
  some germans seem to quickly forget it was their press and their representatives that started stereotyping countries south of their favourite latitude . 
  if they do n't want to hear inconvenient reminders , maybe they should set the example and stop all this southern lazyness imbecility and start acting like the responsible adults they claim they are . 
  the portuguese take care of that ourselves . 
  we have no issue beating ourselves up about everything that was done in the past . 
  you seem to forget that portugal is among the oldest countries in europe . 
  our collective memory is long . 
  want to shame us ? 
  there 's no bigger shame than being the biggest slave trader in europe . 
  you know how portugal started to attone ? 
  when it was among the first european nation to abolish slavery . 
  still , it 's a stain on this country 's history . 
  but if you speak of genocide in africa done by the portuguese , i 'll go ahead and ask you for sources on that . 
  the portuguese have a boatload of ugly stuff in their history ( as all ex-colonial powers do ) but no genocides . 
  you are obviously talking out of your ass , and you have no idea about what the portuguese colonial war was , what atrocities were commited by both sides and the reasons behind it . 
  the portuguese might have been fascists , but fascists that had a multicultural/assimilation agenda , not one of racial or social purity . 
  it seems that the mask of fraternity has started to fall some time ago and many people living in the so-called `` rich '' countries have adopted this cynical position , in which they assume the euro project only exists to be taken advantage of until it inevitably fails . 
  just look at the discourse being echoed in this and other subreddits . 
  the same people complaining about generalization of anglo-saxons are the same that dubbed a whole group of countries as pigs . 
  sadly , the irony is lost to them . 
  it seems as though europeans have forgotten history , and are keen on risking going back to the old days where everyone looked after themselves , with consequences that one would think no one would want to experience again . 
  considering europe 's reactions to both the financial crisis and the situation in ukraine i do n't think the continent is that keen on being `` united '' . 
  more like `` we 're brothers '' when it suits us or it does n't pose a big incovenience to the status-quo . 
  if we need a barbaric bunch like this to unite us , the future is trully bleak . 
  downvoting me wo n't change history or the historic documents that do exist and support what i 've written . 
  if you 're a poorly educated child that resorts to ad-hominem because the facts do n't conform with his worldview , that 's your problem . 
   the fact is the chance we could retain the colonies without keeping robbing our kid 's youth or forcing them to go on the run as deserters was next to null . 
  you mean young people did n't want to go to war ? 
  what a shocker . 
  what you do n't know is that by 1974 the majority of the fighting force was of african origin . 
  and it was both motivated and successful . 
  their reward was being executed after the portuguese left , and being omitted/forgotten by idiots like yourself that think they can know history without reading books or by basing their worldview on highschool history and their own ideologic bias . 
   all the rest your wrote is also plain drivel . 
  go educate yourself about the times of the dictatorship please . 
  including the killings , the beatings , the arrests , the electoral fraud , the deportations , the torture , the nepotism , the continuation of the forceful occupation of foreign states against the will of their people . 
  it 's all there , the entirety of the crimes committed by the regime the man led during most of his life . 
  proof that you do n't want to learn or have a healthy discussion is that you write that strawman paragraph while forgeting that i had just said :  you can criticize the political persecution , the oppression and censurship , the lack of education and the isolationist policy . 
  and you 'd be right . 
  maybe instead of wasting your and my time writing platitudes and a moronic highschool version of history , invest it in reading the work of actual historians , both portuguese and foreign . 
  what 's funny is that saudosistas would say i 'm a traitor for defending democracy , while estado novo haters call me saudosista for not demonizing the regime . 
  if only stupidity paid taxes , we 'd be a prosperous country . 
   leaving behind a country fighting a losing colonial war in many fronts and so the myth is perpetuated . 
  by 1974 only guinea still had serious problems , and even those were but a fraction of what was happening 4 years earlier . 
  elsewhere , all insurgency was limited to the borders , and only because neighbouring states harbored the insurgents and the portuguese did not think they needed to cross the border because all independist movements were losing traction . 
   his governance was by all metrics a huge failure which we have yet to recover from . 
  we are recovering from the last 200 years of fuckup governance . 
  if anything , and if you really want to look at metrics instead of talking out of your ass you 'd see that by most metrics his was a governance of success . 
  unless you believe in fantasies and think that portugal was awesome during the first republic , and he inherited a utopia . 
  you can criticize the political persecution , the oppression and censurship , the lack of education and the isolationist policy . 
  and you 'd be right . 
  to call salazar incompetent , however , just shows that you are either uneducated or simply biased by your political ideals . 
  i recomend you to read some books , there are plenty of cables and diplomatic documents unclassified from those days . 
  and go read what the leaders of the western world said about the man in private . 
  maybe you 'll look at history differently . 
  do n't get me wrong . 
  salazar was a talented statesman and while his regime was censured publicly , eisenhower himself told his chief of staff he admired the man and thought his was the only sort of * benevolent * dictatorship in history . 
  that said , his regime was an autocratic one , a de facto dictatorship masked by a conditioned * democratic * suffrage . 
  and while you are correct , and salazar earned his position , proved his competence and was fundamental in stabilizing the republican regime in portugal , aswell as resist the encroachment of the ussr in africa , he was n't without ( many ) flaws . 
  salazar did not use the modern version of populous management and instead relied on a tried and proved method of getting people in line by associating himself with the church and boosting catholicism which helped in keeping the population submissive . 
  he used the * miracle * of fatima to his own advantage and revived the idea of portugal being a country blessed by god . 
  his biggest quality was perhaps his honesty , in terms of not taking personal advantage of his position . 
  he trully believed in his mission , and his connection to the church and his seminarist past helps to explain this . 
  sadly , this also meant he was ultraconservative and had a concept for the economy of the country that would never work in the 20th century . 
  which is why portugal dragged behind the rest of europe , with little investment in science and industrialization . 
  finally , while oppression in portugal was * light * when compared to other dictatorships , there was censorship , limited political opinions and political arrests . 
  all attributes of a dictatorship . 
  on the other hand , if you take into account 4 decades of dictatorship and realize that in the estado novo 's most terrible prison , tarrafal , there were no more than 20 deaths , mostly related to health issues , you could say the portuguese could have had it way worse . 
  anyway , he died before the revolution , which happened some years later . 
  what cunning plan m ` lord !, 
  goddamit nero burning rom ... 
  thank you mate . 
  there were 2 times when the chinese state denounced the sino-portuguese treaty , and both times it was diplomacy that resolved the issue . 
  despite some civil unrest in the 60s , the population of macau was never * oppressed * ( well not any more oppressed than people in mainland portugal during the dictatorship of salazar ) , and despite what indians are taught to believe , neither was goa 's . 
  problem is , ~ ~ nero ~ ~ nehru constructed a bellicose argument against the portuguese for internal consumption , something the cultural revolution in china never needed . 
  despite the promises by the portuguese to give goa autonomy after a transition period ( like what was done with macau ) , ~ ~ nero ~ ~ nehru insisted that portugal should immediately cede the territory to india .
