  china & iran are both pretty repressive internally , probably more-so than russia . 
  but neither one has engaged in hostile activity outside their borders ( though i suppose north korea has n't either ) . 
  i do n't think he made it . 
  there are quite a few instances of it showing up online . 
  i think that if the united states chooses not to defend estonia , the likelihood of europe defending estonia is slim . 
  nato would n't be marching to moscow or anything . 
  it would be similar to the gulf war if anything . 
  it 's worrying , but putin & the russian military are n't going to let russia be destroyed for estonia . 
  this is somewhat of an academic exercise , since russia will not be invading any baltic states , but it is an interesting discussion point . 
  i listened to an interview with ivo daalder & james stavridis , both of whom seemed quite certain that the united states would defend estonia if it came to that . 
  if the united states and the rest of nato failed to defend estonia , it would likely mean the end of the core tenant of american foreign policy : protecting allies from larger threats . 
  u.s. foreign policy mostly focuses on protecting european states from russia , east asian states from china , & gulf oil states from iran ( at one point iraq too ) . 
  if the united states failed to defend a nato ally , putin would have free reign to do as he pleases in eastern europe . 
  japan would probably start a significant military buildup . 
  saudi arabia may seek to acquire their own nuclear weapons . 
  it would be disastrous for global stability . 
  also , perhaps i 'm a bit overoptimistic , but i 'm skeptical that `` war with russia would be devastating for the united states '' . 
  depends on your definition of devastating though . 
  sorry , that 's what i meant . 
  turkey has a substantial kurdish population ( about 20 % of the population ) . 
  they are the majority in parts of the ~ ~ southwest ~ ~ southeast . 
  [ here ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/a/a5/2011_turkish_general_election_english.svg ) is a map of how people voted in the 2011 election . 
  the republican people 's party is center-left & more secular than the akp . 
  the national movement party is considered to be far-right . 
  the independents were mostly ( or entirely ) kurds . 
  but turkey is n't going to split up . 
  erdogan is generally seen as competent and the opposition is weak . 
  there 's a reason he wins elections . 
  it 's missing a lot of bases . 
  the united states has facilities in countries other than britain , germany , & italy . 
  also , there are more bases than the ones included on the map in those three countries . 
  just to add on to this , median income in the united states ( ppp ) is lower than three european countries : luxembourg , norway , & switzerland , but higher than the rest . 
  i view his decision to defend the khmer rouge , write an entire book that denied the genocide & defended the regime , and attack those who were correct on the subject with suspicion . 
  there is absolutely no chance that he would do the same if it was a far-right regime . 
  [ noam chomsky ( kind of ) ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/political_views_of_noam_chomsky#doubting_genocide_in_cambodia ), 
  there are people like that in america , though i 'd imagine it 's rarer here than in europe . 
  i do n't know anyone who takes that position , but most of my friends are from the former ussr and hate putin . 
  but you see that opinion from a lot of leftist people who criticize the united states , like glenn greenwald or max blumenthal . 
  this is n't a new thing of course . 
  leftists have a tendency to criticize the united states ( israel often makes its way into the discussion too ) while defending castro , chavez , mao , & pol pot . 
  it 's kind of odd , but i think these people just see these leaders as opposed to the american world order and as a result , they overlook human rights violations , the most minor of which would lead to outcry from them if they happened in america . 
  i edited my original comment to express skepticism at the accuracy of the article . 
  i 'd expect this to be reported elsewhere but i have n't found any article that backs up the memo piece above . 
  additionally , referring to the idf as `` occupation forces '' is not something real journalism outfits should do . 
  it 's typical to refer to military units by the name their state gives them . 
  especially when those forces are not occupying gaza , but on the israeli-gaza border . 
  well , israel has no presence inside gaza . 
  it seems odd that they would be fine with the united nations presence but reject the eu presence . 
  i wonder if they will attempt to go in through egypt . 
  edit : does anyone have another site with this story ? 
  i could n't find another one , which seems odd for a story like this . 
  the site does appear to have a bit of a bias ( real news organizations should refer to military forces by their actual names , not `` occupation forces '' ) . 
  i was responding to his statement : `` nato does n't usually act in africa , which for eu countries is most important area of military operations '' . 
  that kind of implied that nato operations were not germane . 
  has anyone besides france intervened militarily in africa ? 
  yes , but those countries are not ones that are particularly interested in or capable of overseas military intervention . 
  it seems odd to have a european union army when you have nato . 
  what 's the point of doing the same thing but kicking the most powerful military force out ? 
  for all the complaints about american foreign policy , there has n't really been much disagreement between the united states & europe . 
  there 's iraq , but that was n't a nato operation . 
  libya , bosnia , kosovo , & afghanistan were not particularly controversial operations . 
  hello , isaf was created by the unsc . 
  keeping individual member armies while retaining nato allows individual militaries to conduct their own operations while also allowing for operations that have a broad consensus . 
  what airport are you referring to ? 
  [ there was one in gaza ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/yasser_arafat_international_airport ) that was destroyed during the second intifada . 
  not really . 
  would it be fair to call a city with 100k people , half of whom were born elsewhere , more cosmopolitan than new york or london ? 
  dubai is 82 % foreign-born . 
  of course , foreign born population is not all that matters , it 's just an indicator . 
  the diversity of the population and the presence of cultural heritage is the key . 
  new york & london are probably the two most cosmopolitan cities in the world . 
  they are the top two cities in terms of foreign born population ( london is 3rd if you use metro area ) . 
  honestly , this piece makes relatively little sense to me . 
  the constraint here is not the united states being unable to spend money ( europe will likely pick up most of the burden anyway as they should ) . 
  the money offered to ukraine is chump change , especially if it 's just loans or loan guarantees . 
  so far , i think that the west 's response is far too weak , but none of the appropriate actions are fiscal issues for the united states . 
  here are the problems as i see them . 
  1 : for too long , the west has seen putin as a potential partner . 
  both the bush administration & obama administration have failed on this front . 
  certain european leaders ( schroeder , berlusconi ) have been even worse . 
  some are now hesitant to turn their back on putin completely . 
  2 : the united states seems far more willing to go after russia than the big western european players . 
  of course , this is because american sanctions against top russian officials and russian industries would have no discernible effect on the u.s. economy and would n't put enough pressure on the russians . 
  to be effective , the sanctions must include the eu ( france , britain , germany ) . 
  3 : the aforementioned countries are hesitant to deal with the consequences of sanctioning russia since doing so would hurt their economies . 
  germany was n't particularly cooperative with the american led iranian sanctions effort and russia is far more important to the german economy . 
  4 : leaders today seem extraordinarily cautious . 
  i would n't mind seeing some stronger language from president obama & other western leaders . 
  come down on firm ground . 
  that being said , i think there is zero excuse for not putting sanctions on key oligarchs that support the putin regime . 
  cut off their access to western institutions . 
  these people do n't wish to live in the russia they are destroying . 
  their assets are in western banks , they live in western cities , their kids go to western schools . 
  putin is n't quite as strong as he seems . 
  see how long his oligarchs stand by him when their profit margins are suffering . 
  it 's worth noting that a similar claim was made by russian media a few days ago . 
  if they can speak english fluently and are in a scenario in which the audience will be representative of the eu as a whole , then i suppose english is the preferable choice , but i do n't think it should be a requirement . 
  when discussing complex subjects , it 's best not to make mistakes because you are n't completely familiar with the language . 
  i know that francois hollande & angela merkel , despite speaking decent english , mostly use their native tongues when speaking in the united states . 
  i suppose it 's because of a combination of familiarity & pride .
