  at least i hope . 
  i will ask in the croatia subreddit . 
  thanks for the advice again . 
  reversing your whole trip just for little old me . 
  awww shucks . 
  sounds great . 
  i actually had an awesome invite to meet some redditors in bucharest so we should all meet . 
  i will remember the other towns you mentioned . 
  what makes them better than bucharest ? 
  ahh . 
  i see . 
  that seems like an odd place to do travel planning . 
  i will remember that if i make it that way . 
  thanks !, 
  thanks for the advice . 
  i will keep that in mind . 
  i hope he replies too . 
  those are strong words !, 
  i will have to check out hamburg now . 
  what makes it so cool ? 
  hmmm . 
  that does n't sound very encouraging . 
  where would you go instead ? 
  please tell me more . 
  is croatia not cheap . 
  i have heard that is was and looking at hotel prices they seem quite low . 
  i would love more advice . 
  sounds good . 
  i am pooped from my first day of riding but i will get around to pming everyone soon . 
  i will actually be there at about that time . 
  what city ? 
  i am not really used to walking around completely naked but i am used to mostly naked since i am a surfer . 
  i am willing to give balls 'n all a try though !, 
  pm me more info . 
  yes , i have always wanted to see both of those things . 
  i will make it soon . 
  taking a tour of the u.k. besides london is definitely on my list for next year . 
  i have seen and done london and i am ready to check out the rest of it . 
  i will keep your great advice in mind . 
  so , that pretty much does n't exist then ? 
  if they are anything like the swiss alps i can agree . 
  the alps are just amazing . 
  and this is coming from someone who has lived in many mountain ranges in colorado and oregon in the u.s. 
  it sounds like a beautiful circle of socialist awesomeness . 
  everyone is safe and cared for . 
  summer average high of 15 . 
  lol !, 
  i was born in a cold place too and i could handle that . 
  i was shocked how cold copenhagen was in the summertime so i imagine northern norway is probably pretty similar . 
  hot , cold , it does n't matter to me as long as the place is awesome and your place sounds awesome . 
  i will make it there someday . 
  it sounds very nice . 
  it looks like my journey will take me a bit further south but i think i will try to swing north towards the end . 
  thanks for the recommendation . 
  that seems odd . 
  i have heard nothing but good things about prague . 
  some americans ( i am assuming she was an american ) are just paranoid . 
  i am 193cm and regularly travel to norther mexico so i ai n't afraid of nothing . 
  you can have everything i own just please do n't kill me in the end . 
  what is 2xc ? 
  thanks for the advice . 
  i am far from advanced and will remember that they are deadly serious about the speed on the corners in croatia . 
  i wish i had had time to take some riding coursed before i came to europe this summer . 
  i am indeed interested . 
  it might be at the end of my trip since i will have to head north from croatia to meet you but i think i could make it happen . 
  i will pm you . 
  noted . 
  thanks !, 
  thanks for the details . 
  i had heard some crazy things about romania but they seemed quite fanciful . 
  i do n't think saying to avoid gypsies is racist . 
  from what i understand , their culture teaches them that it is acceptable to steal from non gypsies, 
  have fun on your trip !, 
  i will pm you after the 12th . 
  i have always wanted to see the netherlands as i have a dutch heritage . 
  is that a norwegian `` not really cold '' or a normal `` not really cold '' . 
  hahaha . 
  not if you are ripped like that !, 
  i have so many people recommend berlin to me while i was in copenhagen and in switzerland . 
  there must be something awesome happening in that city . 
  this is on my list for sure . 
  i definitely thought alsace was beautiful when i was in france near basel . 
  thanks for the couch offer . 
  it is looking like i will head along the mediterranean but if i come a bit north i will take your offer . 
  that sounds like a fun trip !, 
  i might be in prague or vienna at the right times to meet you . 
  i will keep you in mind and try to meet up . 
  i think i will go the croatian coast . 
  everyone is recommending it . 
  thanks for your generous couch offer . 
  i will pm you my couchsurfing profile and we can hopefully meet up . 
  thanks !, 
  i think croatia is calling me . 
  it seems to fit many requirements . 
  cheaper living , on the mediterranean , pretty women and nice roads for moto riding . 
  got a couch for me  ? 
  or , any more information on croatia to make living there easier ? 
  no offense taken . 
  hamburg sounds nice but it is maybe a bit north of my general route . 
  if i decide to go north i will pm you and prove that i am not crazy ,
