  i visited frankfurt a few years ago and it was a lovely city . 
  maybe i will make it there again . 
  thanks for the riding offer . 
  i would love to visit barcelona but i think i will head east before you return . 
  i lived in madrid last year and i love spain . 
  i was thinking of going to corsica but malta sounds just as nice . 
  i will pm you my details and maybe we can make it work . 
  thanks for the couch offer . 
  i would love to see wales but i think it is the wrong direction . 
  thanks for the offer though !, 
  i might make it there . 
  it is past my ending area though . 
  what is there to do in glod ? 
  it was n't really on my schedule so much . 
  i figured there are closer places in eastern europe and i have always heard it is one of the most expensive places on earth . 
  but i have also heard the women are beautiful and the night clubs are banging . 
  you are an austrian living in moscow ? 
  how about it !, 
  but seriously you seem angry towards copenhagen :p, 
  good point . 
  i travel in northern mexico often so i consider danger to be relative . 
  i should find out more about the eastern european places i am thinking of going though and see how dangerous they really are . 
  good point . 
  i travel in northern mexico often so i consider danger to be relative . 
  i should find out more about the eastern european places i am thinking of going though and see how dangerous they really are . 
  tempting . 
  i am seriously considering going to corsica and northern italy so this would not be very far from my route . 
  i could cut over to croatia on the ferries as well . 
  to bad you do n't live there or have a couch for me . 
  have a good trip in january . 
  i will probably be back home by then if i have n't moved here also . 
  hahaha . 
  i would also be interested in you opinion of the danger levels in these areas . 
  it would be heartbreaking for me to lose everything . 
  thanks for the advice . 
  i would indeed like to see auschwitz . 
  my grandfather fought in the war . 
  i do n't think i can make it to ireland with my bike but i will make it there someday . 
  i ca n't resist your fine red haired women . 
  i just came from paris and switzerland but the nurburgring sounds like great fun . 
  i have always wanted to see it , but you have promise not to laugh at my little bike . 
  it 's a cbr 125 . 
  i will pm you and maybe we can meet up . 
  thanks !, 
  your reply is awesome !, 
  this is the route i was considering the most . 
  i am really torn between heading north of the alps or south along the med coast . 
  i know the med coast is pricey but it seems like it would be worth it . 
  budapest was my general finishing point because it seemed to be the crossroads of eastern europe . 
  those do look like some beautiful mountains . 
  i never even knew poland had mountains !, 
  in high school in the u.s. we just learn about poland as europe 's bread basket . 
  i will try to make it to the tatras and report back . 
  northern norway is actually on my list of places to visit . 
  it looks incredibly beautiful . 
  it may be a bit out of the way on this journey . 
  i am pretty sure you guys burn money to heat your homes in norway too . 
  have you tried `` password '' or `` abc123 '' ? 
  i will make a post in / r/eesti in august and see how it goes , 
  i have actually been invited to latvia in august by a lovely girl that i met in london . 
  i might make it to estonia . 
  i am a fan of swamps and mud so this sounds nice . 
  thanks for the suggestion . 
  i am headed to europe this summer ( uk , france and italy ) . 
  i want to bring some presents for my hosts . 
  they are all action sports type people ( skate , surf , etc. ), 
  i think they would be happy to get some free clothes or sunglasses . 
  i noticed last year that many people wore carhartt around france and spain . 
  obviously , stuff that is harder to get in europe would be more popular with them . 
  what brands are popular this year ? 
  thanks !, 
  i have been traveling europe via airplane and train for two months now . 
  i have visited copenhagen , london , paris and switzerland . 
  i met up with redditors in all these great places and they have been the coolest people i have ever met !, 
  i got a free tour from a redditor in east london . 
  i partied with redditors at the distortion festival in copenhagen . 
  i met up with the awesome redditors in zurich and went swimming in the lake . 
  i met the redditors in basel and they took me to a cool nightclub . 
  i met the london social club and played drunken bingo at a giant warehouse party . 
  today i picked up my motorcycle from storage in biarritz france . 
  tomorrow i start my motorcycle journey and i have no idea where i am going next . 
  tell me where to go and i will go there !, 
  a few rules : i want to go towards eastern europe eventually . 
  i need to stop bleeding money in the expensive parts of europe and i have always wanted to see eastern europe . 
  no dangerous areas please . 
  i am pretty badass but i am do n't consider getting mugged exciting . 
  i am a newbie motorcycle rider . 
  please do n't invite me to go to the top of the matterhorn . 
  if you have a couch for me then i am 90 % already there . 
  i started a couchsurfing.org profile and have started using it for this summer . 
  i will pm it to you with more info if you want . 
  i am super low maintenance and would be happy with anything . 
  make me an offer i ca n't refuse / r/europe !, 
  update : wow !, 
  so many responses while i was sleeping . 
  when do you people sleep ?!, 
  i will read them all and reply as quickly as i can before my hotel kicks me out . 
  it looks like a lot of suggestions and some couch offers . 
  couch offers be prepared for me to pm and probably show up  update # 2 : wow !, 
  so many awesome replies .
