  or the murderers . 
  the money is coming from the middle east , not the eu . 
  serbians do n't want a mega complex dominating the beautiful riverfront they have . 
  project was rammed through as a political status project with no review and no bidding . 
  did you really just offer debtors prison as a solution in the year 2015 ? 
  that is offensive to women . 
  basically we are telling them they are incapable of being elected on their own and are a special class of citizen . 
  that 's a load of bunk . 
  i am a foreigner who lives in portugal . 
  i can confidently say that the portuguese are much too lazy to bother ripping off foreigners . 
  sorry portuguese people . . i could n't resist . 
  nearly everyone here has been nice to me without giving a crap about making money . 
  overall , the portuguese seem to care little about money by my american standards . 
  all of my neighbors need that book . 
  i am sure the un will be allowed to do a full untampered investigation . 
  there 's a freaking wall ? 
  are you an ice walker ? 
  neither . 
  i 'm no expert on this , but i believe the prosperity in the last days of yugoslavia was essentially fake and unsustainable . 
  aging manufacturing infrastructure , increased competition from capitalist markets , increasing costs for state programs , etc. . 
  like . 
  i am no expert but i am pretty sure that was a bigoted statement . 
  we can go deeper . 
  an ignorance off . 
  thanks for the personal perspective . 
  nope . 
  i am not a french citizen but i got french insurance for what it is worth . 
  worst movie title ever . 
  going for it !, 
  sun , sea , women , history , techno music and because it is there !, 
  thanks !, 
  no courage needed . 
  just a smile and some good luck :-), 
  thanks for the advice . 
  good to know i can maybe find some nice brits to easily communicate with for a seasonal job . 
  thanks for the anecdotal evidence . 
  if a welsh dude can do it then so can i :-), 
  yeah , i figured this would be the case but i was hoping that a seasonal worker would be a bit easier . 
  yep , i subscribe . 
  those people want to get out for forever or nearly forever . 
  this is more of a request for connections for a summer job though . 
  thanks !, 
  i will . 
  i hope some trip reports will be appropriate for / r/europe as it is n't really a travel forum . 
  i do feel like i have been kind of adopted by you guys though , 
  no worries my friend . 
  best wishes . 
  i will have to do a northern europe trip later this summer or maybe next year . 
  i do like the sound of a giant bookstore !, 
  i was really tempted to do this trip this summer . 
  i wanted to see porto as everyone says it is awesome . 
  i lived in spain last summer though and i feel like i should branch out a bit . 
  i do love the spanish culture though and the prices are quite nice . 
  next year i will do portugal and spain , 
  i would love to go to iceland . 
  i hear it is crazy expensive though and i think it is a little in the wrong direction . 
  i might get a little wet on my moto too , 
  thanks too . 
  you are both awesome . 
  thanks . 
  great advice with so much detail . 
  thanks for the advice . 
  i think i am taking a rest day today and i will plan my trip more and watch that video too . 
  thanks . 
  i will pm you my info and maybe i will make it up to poland . 
  have fun at your festivals . 
  thanks . 
  i was actually planning on doing just this to corsica . 
  i had forgotten about the tour de france crowds though . 
  thanks for the heads up . 
  i did n't really plan on going along the coast as i just picture super expensive hotels and fancy cars . 
  maybe that is not correct but it is the image i have in my head . 
  thanks it did . 
  haha . 
  that is actually kind of funny . 
  that sounds frigging awesome . 
  my boss was from hamburg a few years ago and he was such a nice guy . 
  i will try to make it there . 
  that sounds pretty good . 
  i looked at the map and it looks like i could do it . 
  i will pm you some more information tomorrow . 
  thanks again !, 
  thanks for the couch offer . 
  i wish i could go through austria but i am afraid it will be to mountainous for my little 125cc bike . 
  i might be able to make it to graz though on a train later or something , 
  ohh i did n't think you were being sarcastic . 
  i was genuinely interested in why they are better . 
  i will read the articles so thanks for the links . 
  i had to break out the dictionary on that one !, 
  thanks for the advice . 
  that makes sense . 
  thanks for explaining . 
  chicks man . 
  also , tell me more about your bad experiences . 
  theft ? 
  rude people ? 
  i am curious now . 
  yeah , i pretty much hate crowds too . 
  i will avoid that place . 
  i imagine their must be more remote places though .
