  i would watch anything with richard osman . 
  except pointless . 
  one of them was patrolling in the border one was inside syrian land . 
  how about the rest of uk ? 
  jerked off in a mosque . 
  there are upper parts in mosques at the back , kinda like a balcony of a theather or a concert hall . 
  some of them has curtains to conceal if there are any women praying . 
  it was one of those one and thats how i did it . 
  there were n't any women or anyone . 
  i am getting there . . 
  worrying about bombs :(, 
  give me karma, 
  it is . 
  it 's 3.42 right now, 
  cariad lloyd is soo adorable . 
  that 's some dank shit right there . 
  i did n't get richard 's millennium falcon joke :(, 
  call center i\u015fi mi ? 
  fake as fuck, 
  they are the pelikan yal\u0131 team right ? 
  rick and morty, 
  aids, 
  whats with the snake comments ? 
  oh i did n't know that, 
  nice try mesut, 
  a police officer, 
  hi , person from 60 minutes ago !, 
  i think 140 is not a high number . 
  wait , why nobody is talking about shawarma being turkish ? 
  slicing off meat from a rotating skewer was invented in bursa , turkey in 19th century . 
  the word shwarma comes from the turkish word '' \u00e7evirme '' , which means turning or rotating . 
  mmmh yeah i always say yes to a shwarma/d \u00f6ner / ( or whatever you call it ) , maybe because i am from turkey :d although , i am very suspicious about those shaver machines . 
  i saw them in europe but it just looks weird . 
  you would never see that in turkey . 
  i imagine people would make fun of the chef here if he can not cut meat with the d\u00f6ner knife . 
  yeah thats probably the case . 
  do you have any evidence besides caps lock ? 
  yes d\u00f6ner is the most common one . 
  actually it is the only . 
  actually what we call \u00e7evirme is putting the meat ( usually the whole animal ) horizontally and cooking it that way . 
  and it is not sliced off like a d\u00f6ner . 
  well , with the way things are going d\u00f6ner is the only good thing from turkey :d i wan na hold on to that . 
  i never heard of pastor before but it looks really good, 
  data . 
  data . 
  i saw steve vai there , it was amazing . 
  he is having fun dude , chill . 
  he is a living meme after all . 
  there actually is . 
  they change the definitions a lot but the last dsm 5 categorizes autism as autism spectrum disorder with a lot of levels of intensity . 
  ( i know you used it here as an internet slang and not literally autism but just wanted to clarify ), 
  exile in sweden ? 
  count me in, 
  when all arabs under ottoman take side against the empire and sided with the british , there is no point in keeping the caliphate . 
  i am glad atat\u00fcrk did n't care about a few muslim 's opinion , saved us from a lot of trouble . 
  this years 23 nisan concerts were shit compared to the past ones :(, 
  you mixed up your tenses . 
  it is not a verb , it is a noun . 
  i never put onion in it . 
  it becomes too much like a meal rather than a quick breakfast alternative . 
  tomato , pepper , eggs and optionally some past\u0131rma is the way to go . 
  why interpunction is private ? 
  nothing, 
  vpn . 
  and there are sites that still work . 
  they are blocking based on domain so there are still sites that they have n't found out . 
  is this a google translate translation from english to turkish ? 
  i asked because it had mistakes but the mistakes were different from usual google translate mistakes . 
  thanks for the effort . 
  it is appreciated . 
  but most of us learned a lot about the ways how to get around internet blocks thanks to the goverment . 
  thats the only good thing about the blocks i guess : /, 
  your poems suck , will you ever stop ? 
  shut up, 
  i think giving hugs in exchange for money is kinda wrong , they should have made it free . 
  smells like fet\u00d6 :p, 
  solved !, 
  whats with the classical music ? 
  there are many kurds in erdo\u011fan 's akp party . 
  i have never heard of any such statement from mhp calling for genocide of kurds . 
  please show me one, 
  ca n't open wikipedia in turkey :'(, 
  but grey wolves does not want to remove non-turks , they are very passive in the last decade . 
  their vices do n't go more than forming mini-mafias and drug selling . 
  but saying that mhp calls for genocide is % 100 wrong . 
  i do n't even vote for them but this is just wrong . 
  they attacked hdp , not random kurdish people . 
  they were thinking hdp = pkk not hdp = all kurds . 
  it was not fueled purely by racism but it was fueled by the connection between pkk and hdp . 
  assuming all muslims are isis is racist , attacking a hdp building is not . 
  but people attacking hdp buildings are probably quite racist , just not as you make it sound like they are . 
  i do n't excuse or legitimize what they 've done , it is wrong . 
  i am just saying it was more politically motivated than racially motivated . 
  both akp and mhp are more islamist than racist in my view . 
  i actually like that part, 
  great songs !, 
  i would like to recommend okay temiz . 
  perhaps [ this song ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=z41yxvxxvhi ) . 
  guns do n't kill people, 
  turks kill people,
