  with guns, 
  how about naim s\u00fcleymano\u011flu 's 3 gold medals and world record ? 
  ah , good old takiyye, 
  there is a psychological test called big five personality test . 
  it is developed years ago and it is the most reliable personality test . 
  basically you fill a survey and get scores on five traits : openness to experience , conscientiousness , extroversion , agreeableness , neuroticism . 
  in this article , it basically says people who do not have chills , on average , score less in openness to experience scale than one that do . 
  edit : spelling, 
  what kind of evidence are you expecting ? 
  there is obviously no `` membership card '' for a mafia-like organisation such as fet\u00f6 . 
  by your logic you can not say \u015eifa hastanesi was fet\u00f6c\u00fc or s\u00fcrat kargo was fet\u00f6c\u00fc . 
  this website is clearly fet\u00f6c\u00fc but i guess you are expecting a disclaimer under the website saying `` disclaimer : we are gulenist . '', 
  you can understand from the tone that they speak positively about fet\u00f6 . 
  nobody in turkey talks about them in a positive light . 
  from the seculars to akp supporters . 
  they are afterall , a wealthy islamist mafia/cult that tried to bring down the government . 
  when they talk about fet\u00f6 . 
  and i found this article in a 1 minute search . 
  this is enough of a proof for me , and i assume for a lot of people . 
  and of course they are gon na report on alleged corruption . 
  in a very short and superficial way . 
  were you expecting them to report the fet\u00f6 member police officer found inside the tank at 15th july ? 
  or the s\u00fcrat teknoloji employee at trt that day ? 
  this is not a propaganda site for recruiting ( cult ) members for them , this is for playing the victim as best as they can in order to keep their existing base and also getting the aprroved victimhood from the usa/west . 
  i learned not to trust media when i read akp propaganda on zaman headlines at the gezi protests . 
  also i am the one suspecting the media in this discussion , not you hombre . 
  it was impossible to avoid zaman in those days . 
  i gave it as an example to show how spineless fet\u00f6 ( and akp ) can be . 
  8 = = = = = = = =d } ~ ~ ~ ted cruz ~ ~, 
  pathetic bicycle kick attempt by ronaldo, 
  me me me, 
  i am strongly against putting onions in it . 
  you can try past\u0131rma / bacon bits in it or sucuk as some people mentioned . 
  night man, 
  adammm, 
  he is a dude . 
  it says david in the second picture . 
  that is pretty hard to do . 
  what is possible though is having athiest vs muslim or ex-muslim vs muslim debates and so on in order to plant some doubt . 
  i think someone with even 1 % doubt would not radicalize . 
  i heard about this idea from sarah haider and makes a lot of sense to me as someone who grow up as a muslim . 
  that is still very high . 
  so this is how town of salem looks . 
  i support this 100 % . 
  20 days, 
  i heard the same thing but for eminem , in turkey . 
  nope . 
  behaviours like altruism , helping out your relatives and cooperation are also evolved . 
  biggest leap in our understanding of evolution after darwin 's natural selection was inclusive fitness theory . 
  check that out . 
  you should educate yourself in evolution before saying it should n't be taught to others lol . 
  evolution does n't dictate anything , it explains life on earth . 
  and do n't forget that our brains are a result of evolution just like anything else on our body . 
  buy games from steam summer sale that i know i will definitely play . 
  do you use adjustment layers for colouring or brush tool with different blend modes ? 
  i think it was even earlier than that . 
  he started arresting everyone involved in the gulenist organisation , which attempted the coup . 
  gulenist 's had academics lawyers etc. 
  in them . 
  it 's a common misconception i see on reddit . 
  quran is the one oppressing lgbt here . 
  i should 've written quran is oppressing lgbt people in muslim communities, 
  well a lot of people live their life by it and that 's clearly what i mean . 
  [ this can be helpful . 
  ] ( http://i.imgur.com/7j3jzwt.jpg ) joking aside above information is correct they are directly related to erdo\u011fan and ansar is basically a rape dungeon . 
  if it 's just a trip , i say take it . 
  it 's free travel after all . 
  i think it is not comparable to sponsoring entire study fee . 
  your name would n't be attached to anything imo . 
   gulenist judges were purging secular kemalist military for years . 
  ftfy, 
  so you think ergenekon and balyoz trials were legit ? 
  you think zekeriya \u00d6z was not a g\u00fclenist ? 
  what about the fabricated evidences in ergenekon and balyoz trials ? 
  have you followed anything in turkey pre december 2013 ? 
  the alliance of erdo\u011fan and g\u00fclen , the mobbing of secular students in military school ... the list goes on . 
  if he had one chance at \u015fefaat he would use it on ecevit . 
  he is a pretty hardcore gulenist tho, 
  red and white brexit, 
  by stewart francis, 
  the team played very well but the stadium needs some work . 
  you can tell it is not a football place from the stadium and pitch . 
  are roll-ups cheap or at least cheaper ? 
  rak\u0131 , an anis flavoured alcoholic drink from turkey . 
  it 's also called lion 's milk . 
  i do n't know what that is , google image search gave some sort of candy stick . 
  a finnish friend of mine gave me something like taht and it tasted terrible . 
  so i do n't think they are similar . 
  rak\u0131 has a fresh minty smell , you mix it with water and it turns into a cloudy white color . 
  foreigners never like it but i think it 's great . 
   and i doubt the kurds rebelled against the secular state, 
  look up \u015eeyh said . 
  do n't forget about ergenekon and sledgehammer trials . 
  when buying shoes for summer use should i buy a light color one or can darker colors work ? 
  my hair is quite thick and coarse . 
  this makes it hard to shape/style it . 
  is there a way to make thick hair easier to rule over ? 
  should i just go hard on using products like wax and clay ? 
  spooky censor method but i liked the jeans . 
  does thinning out works well for you ?
