  90s comedian is my favourite show of his . 
  he has great callbacks and really ties the show together . 
  and of course : `` i vomited into the gaping anus of jesus christ '', 
  have you seen the one titled `` satire '' ? 
  i lost my shit at red eyes , lol . 
  but it look quite good . 
  well [ this ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fbcfre4orya ) turkish woman takes it to a different level, 
  hi everyone ,, 
  sprint 1 goals :, 
  * writing the first half hour of my standup set, 
  * fixing lumbar lordosis, 
  yeah i feel sad for mark watson but , i give it to you straight , like a pear cider that 's made from % 100 pears , he deserved it . 
  shit , i live there, 
  yes pls, 
  you are in fact a female, 
  election auotopsy was pretty good . 
  probably thats why it was iplayer only, 
  came here to say this, 
  well , i think that was a setup for the punchline `` take the car for a countryside trip or fill it with a tank of gas . '', 
  david gilmour has let himself go, 
  give it to me straight , like a pear cider thats made from % 100 pears, 
  really disturbing colours as well, 
  fifa 15, 
  scream allahu akbar, 
  / r/standup, 
  lee mack . 
  talking fast , moving a lot , having bits that are basically oneliners but does n't look like oneliners and also , not very funny . 
  first time being proud for my national television , trt . 
  it 's sad to see stewart lee getting downvotes . 
  this one is pretty funny, 
  i do n't, 
  my favourite is [ this one ] ( https://youtu.be/dyca91zm90c?t=65 ) . 
  that 's not helping, 
  he is australian , hence the accent . 
  i think it is punchy enough, 
  yeah noah 's sa accent is a lot better than die antwoord isnt it ? 
  there is a bunch of comedians that i ca n't access because of their accents . 
  like johnny vegas , peter kay , john bishop , mick flannigan . . britain has many strange accents . 
  give it to me straight , like a pear cider thats made from 100 percent pears, 
  whats exactly wrong with this ? 
  seems pretty funny to me . 
  whenever you doubt yourself ; i do n't care . 
  commenting to check it out later, 
  why does a poat with 29 comments have 0 upvotes ? 
  its not even a contrevsial post . 
  the community is strange here, 
  hahaha good one !, 
  sean lock, 
  louis ck, 
  jimmy carr, 
  stewart lee, 
  i guess it would be quality education to teach children subjects in kurdish while teaching turkish as well . 
  but it would not work on high schools . 
  they would have hard time communicating in university or in their jobs . 
  i guess bilingual education untill middleschool makes sense . 
  thank you, 
  and you as well . 
  according to [ this ] ( http://www.hududeli.net/haber_detay.asp?haberid=6525 ) the couple decided to finance the charity organization for one day . 
  the charity was already there , and they paid for it for one day . 
  and yes they served food for a while to 4 thousand syrians . 
  but i could n't find any other source than that local news site . 
  i know that feel bro, 
  i am an obama voter but i never voted, 
  were you there when they shot jfk ? 
  we never had liberalism in turkey . 
  if you think not being communist is liberalism , then you should do some reading . 
  i guess these workers like building things then blowing them up with their rpgs . 
  minecraft irl topkek, 
  why did every socialist country failed badly ? 
  are we not that advanced yet ? 
  i used to think that socialist countries had some succsess in production . 
  but when i read gaz was basically [ ford ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/gaz#history ) , i lost my interest in socialism to be honest . 
  it 's more than that, 
  antony sutton , national suicide : military aid to the soviet union . 
  chapter 6 . 
  that was amazing . 
  what is retiredjpg ? 
  i really do n't understand . 
  peanut butter is not popular here . 
  do n't worry . 
  my friend lives there and he says its allright . 
  there is always a possibility of a terrorist attack but stay away from crowded places and you would be fine . 
  it is censored in the highlights from the game clip in trt 's web site . 
  but in live broadcast it was visible . 
  although , they ( fans ) removed the flag in second half . 
  spit or swallow ? 
  is it the one with a fat white american riding a bike and whining about hispanics stealing their jobs ? 
  yeah the first one . 
  so singular version of doritos is dorito ? 
  i never heard that before . 
  probably because i do n't live in an english speaking country . 
  turkish fan here . 
  i took swansea in career mode of fifa 15 only because of siggurdsson . 
  than the team really grew on me . 
  ki , shelvey , emnes , nathan dyer they are all brilliant . 
  i do n't watch pl but i will follow swansea city 's games . 
  i am too afraid to click this . 
  i am suprised to see imageshack.us is working properly . 
  great premise but i think the punchline could be better . 
  i dunno , maybe because its obvious that your dad did n't / wouldnt say that in real life .
