  it is popoular in my country . 
  actually when i go to a shitty movie theater i expect the orange gom screen coming up when the movie ends lol, 
  ravioli ravioli, 
  this has been said thousand times before but if pkk did n't hide in residential areas those babies wouldnt die . 
  funfact : the word urdu has turkish origin . 
  it comes from ordu , just like the english word horde . 
  also afaik shah ismael written poetry in turkish , but i might be wrong . 
  after 54th child . 
  dudes and dudettes, 
  [  ) ) ) ) ) ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-1yzoiuiggs ), 
  nice comic sans bro . 
  1/8 here, 
  hahaha exactly !, 
  screenshot please, 
  `` i '' is very hard letter to pronounce if your language does n't have it . 
  and most languages do n't . 
  you should check out this show called travel sick . 
  they make him do ya\u011fl\u0131 g\u00fcre\u015f , going up to a minaret an much mo\u0131re wierd things in early 2000s istanbul . 
  i though this was / r/4chan, 
  i think the show is funny . 
  richard osman is sharp and very funny . 
  there are only two programme associates ( additional joke writers ) for this show , maybe thats why sue perkins is kinda falls short for hosting . 
  but overall i like it . 
  i 've watched it literally xs time . 
  i would wear a seychelles flag , i love it, 
  really fast , appreciated !, 
  whats the point of this subreddit then ? 
  dae read as minions and thought we gon na start meme turism, 
  it was better than i expected , but it feels like a radio 4 show . 
  mine is when someone says `` nando 's '' at any given given time , they get a laugh, 
  well that is applicable for all of comedy , the men vs women jokes . 
  and that subject kinda deserves it . 
  but i am bored of nandos jokes because we do n't have them in my country and i do n't know whats funny about it . 
  yeah i do n't think it 's just for food . 
  no one would accept that . 
  maybe except rob beckett . 
  and `` is that your new catchphrase david ? '', 
  ones . 
  i am not complaining btw , their chemistry is amazing . 
  it could be an rpg firing fail . 
  hi ultimate shirk ^ ^, 
  tweet bot help me pls, 
  fuel units, 
  i think it 's better without the star and the anchor . 
  came here to say this . 
  his standup show titled live from the nia birmingham is amazing . 
  what did you do ? 
  does anybody know the name of the theme tune ? 
  thanks !, 
  i was only understanding `` kill the party '' part and that only shows up on google as the stupid [ fergie ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0zgjme6xdaw ) song . 
  for download links for all episodes :, 
  sorry , what is tm ? 
  for even better link :, 
  wow i was searching for these !, 
  fuck i hate rumi . 
  fatih terim is the erdogan of turkish football . 
  yes, 
  july 1st 2016, 
  they reported loss because of a huge order of new planes from boeing afaik, 
  i really want to know what this means . 
  you 're welcome mate, 
  shit . 
  hello am 48 year man from zimbabwe . 
  sorry for my bed england . 
  i selled my wife for internet connection for `` reddit.com '' and i want to become the goodest `` redditor '' like you pls no copy pasterino my story . 
  revenge ? 
  i wonder if there are any pokemons on the pitch right now, 
  what does turnover mean ? 
  this could be summer hit of 2016, 
  as a carpenter , i can relate, 
  well the coup in 1980 was done by americans ? 
  not literally done by them but they were definitely involved and it benefited them . 
  so why not now ? 
  g\u00fclen is shady and has ties all around the world . 
  it is not stupid to think he would cooperate with american intelligence . 
  i dont support erdogan and yes he does blames others for a lot of problems but for this one it makes sense to me . 
  could n't agree more . 
  the day before the coup attempt i was watching mehmet ali birand 's documentary on 28th of february happenings . 
  i binged watched the documentary ( it is 12 episodes ) like a good tv show . 
  and i think this stuff tops 28 \u015eubat . 
  those soldiers fucking opened fire on people . 
  on fucking people . 
  they even killed people with firing from helicopters . 
  what do you reckon they will go ? 
  but yeah everyone here is so knowledgeable about turkey and they instantly saw that `` erdogan did it '' . 
  great job reddit, 
  i was about to write up but / u/tolga-akgoz has written a very good comment on this guy and his `` movement '' . 
  i hope he is okay with me copying it here :, 
  i am not pro-erdogan but an atheist turk living abroad who brought up in turkey by academic parents . 
  my sister is also currently working as an academician in a university hospital in turkey . 
  so i feel qualified to answer the question , 
  since early 80s gulen movement has been very active in turkey and recruited people to his organization through his schools and installed them into bureaucracy . 
  they promoted their own members while mobbing others out . 
  that is how they raised in public , judiciary , police forces , and military . 
  they have known to be involved in mass cheating scandals as well :, 
  gulen 's movement has been seen in a positive light by conservative right-wing politicians for a long time since their schools involved religious brainwashing and preached against secularits and leftist ideas . 
  when i was growing up , it is speculated that their disciples used to call ataturk , deccal ( meaning devil ) . 
  they have been protected by governments even though their organisation and motives have never been transparent . 
  not so surprisingly , erdogan and gulen have been allies in the beginning and gulenists helped erdogan to gain power . 
  see : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/sledgehammer_ ( coup_plan ) --  fabricated coup plan to oust kemalist army members,
