man i wan na be standup comic too . 
  i write stuff , never performed yet tho . 
  as introvert when i make a good joke in a crowded group , people dont take it as a joke , do n't even understand it , 'cause they do n't expect you to be funny . 
  but that would n't happen at stage . 
  brilliant, 
  getting even more funnier : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=augakrax3m8, 
  thats a sensible idea . 
  man , limb throwing dragon is a fantastic idea !, 
  yea, 
  nay, 
  sean lock, 
  lee mack, 
  jimmy carr, 
  yeah , that makes him a great contestant on panel shows . 
  you should check out the qi episode with him , david tennant and bill bailey . 
  do n't feed thee troll . 
  had a similar experience 2 months ago . 
  it feels amazing , right ? 
  and the best thing is , knowing that there are strangers willing to hear your jokes really boosts your writing . 
  jimmy carr , is that you ? 
  this one is really good . 
  it 's all about stand up and comedy writing . 
  josh widdecombe , tim vine , milton jones , david o'doherty are the ones i remember . 
  it 's mostly british comics but it 's good . 
  weed ? 
  sean lock in live tour . 
  other two tours are not as good as live . 
  i live in turkey , there are less than 15 people doing standup comedy here . 
  once there was a open mic night in my city at a bar , thats the only time i did a set of 6mins . 
  what i am going to do is to keep writing material , ( now i have 10 mins . ), 
  just in case something comes up . 
  if you have it in you it never goes away , you know . 
  if i were you , i would n't move to another city , but when you have solid 10 minute go to that citys biggest club and perform . 
  than consider moving again . 
  killer reference , have an upvote . 
  i read that in my own voice . 
  this is also true for turkish , garson . 
  wan na trade for a puppy ? 
  suicide bombing, 
  want to sacrifice humans for holy qurban holiday ? 
  join us !, 
  it 's your yard , you have to pick it up . 
  try to write down what pisses you off about bad drivers with least amount of words . 
  3 or 4 maybe . 
  then think about what they should be doing rather than that and form the jokes around this two ends . 
  also look up for david mitchell 's rants . 
  he is not a standup but he does the best rants i 've ever seen . 
  i am also not a native english speaker but always write jokes in english . 
  how strange is this ? 
  why do we do that ? 
  having 45 minutes of material . 
  currently have 15 . 
  aisling is amazing . 
  her nerdist setlist was much better than i expected . 
  a group of brave environmentalists go out in the jungles of china to confront chinese hunters that uses traditional methods to kill animals . 
  coming this summer * kungfu panda *, 
  jimmy carr , anthony jeselnik , demetri martin they do n't observe anything . 
  they just sit down and write gags . 
  this is not a good ass . 
  this is lumbar lordosis . 
  how about stand up comedy ? 
  sauce ? 
  kill yourself pls, 
  www.comedianscomedian.com is really really good . 
  it 's only about comedy , they do n't try to be funny or anything . 
  just disscusion about standup comedy with comedians . 
  it 's even better if you enjoy british standups , because it is british . 
  sean lock - live, 
  because the jokes are really good, 
  which turkish artists do you listen to ? 
  there is a clich\u00e9 in turkish hand cream adverts about norwegian fishermen . 
  supposedly their hands are so worn out and full of wrinkles that only that hand moisturizer cream can fix it . 
  have you ever hearf of that ? 
  i would buy turtles . 
  thats as close as it gets is n't it ? 
  what about the cleanest public bathroom you ever been to ? 
  try to remember it . 
  how did you feel ? 
  what was the first impression ? 
  i think it would be a cheeky/funny kind of thing to do . 
  turkey , none . 
  me my friends go after pub owners to get a stage . 
  so far we did around 25 in two years . 
  also there are n't much comedy audience here . 
  so , struggle is hard . 
  deep, 
  jimmy carr ( offensive/oneliner ), 
  demetri martin ( not offensive oneliner ), 
  tim vine/milton jones ( puns ), 
  dara o briain ( great crowdwork ), 
  sean lock ( just brilliant ), 
  i 've just been to an once-in-a-lifetime holiday . 
  tell you what , never again . 
  - tim vine, 
  topkeks are delicious, 
  i am thinking about doing the same thing in turkey . 
  i contacted humour and culture society and they are positive about it . 
  i think you should talk to one of the student clubs because they have connections with universtiy boards . 
  also i am surprised that there are no open mics in ireland you have great comics . 
  so am i cotrect to say that all irish comedians become famous in uk rather than ireland ?
