  around 2012/2013 they have parted ways due to power struggle and erdogan has been trying to eradicate their network . 
  right now , erdogan likens gulenists to a terrorist organization and he wants to shut down all their organisations and eradicate their network inside bureaucracy . 
  the important thing to understand is that cleansing of gulenists is also supported by most of seculars and opposition parties . 
  that is why all opposition parties sided with erdogan against the coup attempt . 
  what people fear is that erdogan might use this as an excuse to turn this into a witch hunt for everybody . 
  gulen 's movement also managed to find followers in foreign countries using education as well . 
  they run the biggest network of charter schools in usa and many schools in central asia and africa . 
  his school network in us has also been under investigation by fbi due to its secrecy and fiscal mismanagement . 
  edit : here is a scholarly article from middle east forum published on 2009 about his activities in turkey and all over the world , also why russia has banned his schools . 
    fetullah gulen : . . you must wait until such time as you have gotten all the state power , until you have brought to your side all the power of the constitutional institutions in turkey . . 
  gulen 's grand ambition - http://www.meforum.org/2045/fethullah-gulens-grand-ambition, 
  he is not a politician , he is a cult leader . 
  he does n't hold political power , if all of his followers voted for one party it would n't amount more than 1 % . 
  he has ( had ) his people all over government , police and army . 
  he is not a us citizen , he is turkish . 
  just wanted to clarify some things , i do n't know what would happen if someone assassinated him . 
  source : i am turkish, 
  s\u00f6zc\u00fc , birg\u00fcn , ayd\u0131nl\u0131k they are all newspapers agaisnt erdo\u011fan and they are not shut down . 
  everybody here in turkey knows who is gulenist and not . 
  at least for newspapers , tv channels and schools . 
  thats why everybody is ok with the `` purge '' because it has been against g\u00fclenists so far . 
  no he is a roach, 
  nah man those coupin bastards should rot in jail . 
  they are not any better, 
  found the \u015fakirt, 
  no one in this thread knows anything about gulenists . 
  they think everything is black and white , and if erdogan is black , everyone else should be innocent . 
  it 's what you would expect from / r/worldnews, 
  i think it was a gun . 
  your panel shows are great . 
  the line up was amazing , richard ayoade , micky flannigan and david mitchell . 
  i was guttetd when it got canceled . 
  now we never se ayoade on panels ... 
  you mean hi-jab ? 
  i stopped reading after `` as a smart person , '', 
  why does he support hillary ? 
  they donated her money . 
  how do you make firefox tabs on the left side ? 
  is that linux ? 
  thanks !, 
  dude , ypg arms 12 year olds and send them to war . 
  i do n't mind you saying ypg does n't equal pkk , that 's debatable . 
  but do n't call them cleaner than turkey . 
  umm i think it means knawledge, 
  amazing job mate . 
  but i want to ask how does raspberry pi connect to internet ? 
  you should 've used better wording . 
  anybody saw if the train is a boy or girl ? 
  dude delete some apps your phone is full, 
  but torturing for entertainment is n't same with killing for food . 
  in his autobiography lee says he and sean lock are mates in real life . 
  i have a great day and i will be in the future of the day of the time of the day i am not sure what to expect to see if it would have a nice time at your house on sunday the first time i am a bit more about the new york times on the other hand if you have to go back in the future of the day of your help and support for the first time i have been working on the phone number and email address and phone numbers . 
  fox is nfl talk not football, 
  now i do . 
  i think no such thing as a fish also mentioned the time lady but i am not sure . 
  actually these guys are funnier than many comedians doing the panel show circuit . 
  wow that 's a rude sandstorm . 
  rick astley - never gon na give you up, 
  modes should remove before its too late, 
  it 's a shame . 
  i really enjoyed the show . 
  the interruptions from comics and callbacks throught shows were really funny . 
  it 's actually funny as a joke . 
  what is the reference ? 
  are you gon na do more series of so wrong it 's right ? 
  but because of the software on the fighter jets you can not fire to your own plane . 
  you ca n't even fire against a nato member plane . 
  maybe you can `` crack '' the software but i do n't know . 
  even you can see motives for them to stage a coup , i think the coup was real . 
  i voted, 
  is this in hungary ? 
  there is also one in brno in the post office at hlavni nadrazi . 
  damn i miss that city . 
  its blocked in my country :(, 
  cool !, 
  thank you, 
  f\u0130fa 15 . 
  does it lack strategical deepness ? 
  tim vine . 
  i think cappadocia is in your limit . 
  you can go by car and it is beautiful . 
  i am pretty bad at understanding how economy works but i got this one . 
  good eli5 explanation . 
  reminds me of [ this ] ( https://youtu.be/tuotlbwnzqe?t=95 ) . 
  turkey, 
  in turkish we say macaristan for hungary , s\u0131rbistan for serbia and h\u0131rvatistan for croatia . 
  thanks . 
  i come up with it while showering actually . 
  for a second i thought you were a bot that can be called by typing `` listen to % s '' . 
  i was n't expecting rifles at quickfire round but it adds excitement to the format . 
  same with my country too !, 
  i always thought it is because you would use more amount of salt than pepper . 
  great job but one correction : the entire history of you is not written by charlie brooker . 
  jesse armstrong wrote that episode . 
  he is also the co-writer of peep show . 
  relevant : http://www.reuters.com/article/us-turkey-blast-iduskbn13z0qs, 
  somebody take this moron to / r/worldnews please, 
  go home donald you are sober . 
  covernt garden, 
  why ?
