  they already all hate us . 
  they might as well fear us for good measure . 
  the japanese did n't love us by the end of that war . 
  they hated us . 
  but they feared us . 
  if people fucking think these backwards fuckers are any less nuts than the japanese were during wwii , they should get out their history books . 
  we end this by breaking their will to fight . 
  we do n't end this by letting it fester . 
  this is a little different than most murder though . 
  that 's what people are n't really getting . 
  if you kill someone for their stuff , you believe in the value of stuff . 
  you have a weakness . 
  you do n't want to die . 
  you want to be able to enjoy that stuff . 
  you can be negotiated with . 
  bought off . 
  controlled . 
  most violence is tied into a desire for possessions . 
  ideological violence is something far worse , and far more dangerous . 
  if you kill someone for your god , you believe that you 're benefit is not of this world . 
  you do n't care if you life or die . 
  you have a singleminded desire to kill people to bring about a righteous outcome . 
  you have no weakness except your flesh . 
  and as much as we talk about gun control and all of that jazz , the whole world is a weapon to the lunatic willing to die to kill people . 
  this is not just murder . 
  murder can be controlled . 
  this is something far more insidious then that . 
  up there with blowing up pressure cooker bombs . 
  i had the pleasure of witnessing my neighborhood get hit with a few of those in boston a few years back . 
  a single death penalty is too good for tsarnaev . 
  i mean , its not really in the us 's best interest to get into a bilateral trade deal like that . 
  conversely , the remain side of the uk politicians were really the politicians in europe that were really pushing ttip for the eu . 
  or they rather chop of an arm to save their body . 
  you think it 's a bad idea , but all he is doing is trying to get away from the imminent explosion . 
  from the end of the 18th till the middle of the 20th it was mostly europe . 
  europe blew itself up at then beginning of the 20th century and it shifted to the united states and more back to asia . 
  to be expected . 
  in line with the futures . 
  you ca n't make an omelette without breaking eggs . 
  had the markets priced in brexit as a reality instead of pricing in something like a 70-90 % likelihood of the uk staying in the eu , we would n't see an 8 % fall off like this . 
  the overwhelmingly high sell off is as much the madness of crowds , and a failure to arbitrage to prices that reflect actual risk , as it is about the uk leaving the eu . 
  should have been a 4-5 % sell off after a week of relatively bad performance , instead of an 8 % sell off after a week of `` meh '' performance . 
  future 's already have a ~ 4.25 % correction for both the s&p 500 and the nasdaq . 
  but that 's pretty good given that the bottom was like 5.25 % . 
  we took one look at all of our fresh open country , and one look at that backward shithole you call a continent , and we said , no thanks , we 're out . 
  two world wars , a cold war , and a failed union later , and i think we made the right call . 
  there 's nothing more irrational than believing that people are rational . 
  if more people appropriately arbitraged to accurately reflect reality , we should n't have seen sell offs like this . 
  this is like the tulip bubble . 
  there was a real risk of exit . 
  people just pretended like it would n't happen . 
  the markets fucked this up just as much as anyone else by not respecting the very real possibility that it would happen . 
  everyone going `` there 's no way they 'll actually vote to leave '' and pricing in like a 70-90 % likelihood of stay is as much a cause of gbp crashing 8.5 % as anything else . 
  there are two kinds of people in this world . 
  those that saw the oncoming catastrophe and said `` there 's no way they 'll vote to leave , that would be a catastrophe of global proportions , the people of the uk are rational individuals who 'd never put their own self interest , and my self interest , in jeopardy like that , '' and there are the kinds of people who bet against people like that . 
  the markets positioned themselves like 70-90 % on the likelihood that the uk would stay . 
  as a consequence we 're having a super massive clusterfuck instead of a very bad day . 
  this is as much the consequence of rose colored glasses groupthink as much as it is anything else . 
  the madness of crowds is a choice that we all make . 
  do n't be a sheep and maybe the world wo n't blow up as much . 
  yeah that 's why we have to pay 5 % and you all would have to pay 2.5 % which is way more than your average of like 1.5 % . 
  we still pay a lot just keeping russia away . 
  not in the `` with '' scenario . 
  and europe will have to spend more than 2 % gdp in the without scenario, 
  also then the us can start cutting down how much t spends . 
  destroying the eu is in the us 's best interest . 
  also its probably in the rich countries in eu 's best interest too . 
  not that that there are that many of them anymore . 
  its like germany and its pauper serfdoms . 
   if the us retreats into isolation once again , they will sink back to the level of a regional power . 
  the western hemisphere is a big fucking region . 
  and even then its a joke , we will be all over the old world without nato . 
  we might not bog ourselves down as much the middle east because its not our problem anymore . 
  we can produce whatever oil we need domestically now , and we are transitioning more to non-fossil fuels . 
  the fucked up middle east is now exclusively europe , russia , india and china 's problem . 
  its only going to get worse as they transition away from being able to feed their population with oil and actually have to produce something with no other natural resources and next to no arable land . 
  you think you have a refugee problem now . 
  and that 's not even looking at continued migrations out of africa . 
  have fun . 
  even if we shutter some bases and pull our troops out of europe , forcing europe to defend itself , we still will have tons of aircraft carriers and bases all over the world and a huge military . 
  russia and china are not your friends and you know it . 
  there is no new coalition that is going to threaten our borders . 
  russia basically completely destroyed itself economically and demographically over the 20th century . 
  china has like one ww2 era air craft carrier and it can barely keep social and economic stability without bubble growth . 
   europe should try to align itself more with china . 
  china is an authoritarian state that thinks of itself as the center of the world and always has . 
  it has no cultural ties to europe and its leaders do not think like your leaders . 
  what world do you live in . 
  you are better off trying to align yourself with russia than china . 
  not that that 's much better . 
  could have fooled me with all the spitting in our face we got . 
  trump is the culmination of 50 years of `` lol you do n't like the way we drive ? 
  you try and do it germany and france . '', 
  as they should be . 
  they know first hand how it completely fucked up their lives . 
  why should they sign off on their leaders fucking over some nurse or programmer in the same way . 
  china has been on china 's side since they stopped being on russia 's side . 
  lol . 
  they hate each other . 
  they ca n't both be on the eu 's side .
