  religious dogmatism is ideology . 
  religion that is not dogmatic may be a waste of time but it 's harmless . 
  and in actuality the danger is that atheists who do not see that are actually ideologues themselves . 
  communists were not atheists but they were atheist ideologues who put down religion for atheist ideological reasons . 
  edit : for clarity, 
  ideology is the problem . 
  not religion and not people . 
  it infects people . 
  and what is infectious about it is that it gives you power . 
  it gives you power to ignore your self interest . 
  it liberates you of your basic moral compus and exchanges it with a new one . 
  the reality though is that wahabianism and similar ideological movements have corrupted the thinking of way more muslims than should reasonably be corrupted . 
  edrogan did not get into power by snapping his fingers and wishing it . 
  he has a sizeable portion of the population who loves him for ideological reasons . 
  i know the difference . 
  i just also know that way too many muslims are also islamists . 
  i do n't have a problem with anyone who wants to practice any religion living in my country . 
  i have a problem with people with an ideology of destruction and backwardization coming into my country and killing people . 
  the problem is that it is impossible to separate out who is who . 
  just do not forget to pay them back . 
  otherwise they will feed you to the wolves . 
  they 're helping ... or hurting ? 
  do n't be silly . 
  you owe the germans a whole lot of money !, 
  they need you around and healthy to pay back the debt for the next century !, 
  i find it hilarious that it all seemed so black and white to so many europeans until they had the wolf in their living room . 
  `` he 's just a little puppy !, 
  he wo n't hurt you ! '', 
  i 'm sure this will drag on for 3 or 4 years . 
  hey . 
  lawyers need jobs to . 
  do n't worry . 
  when donald trump is president , the us will be off team nato too . 
  that is what they want you to think . 
  now you work for the people 's republic of newspapers . 
  is this the kind of crusade where they go and kill muslims ? 
  or is this the kind of crusade where they get bored and distracted and end up just destroying a bunch of jewish settlements ? 
  i did nazi this coming at all . 
  well . 
  everyone seems to be doing a little of that these days . 
  idk . 
  putin stopped after just taking naval access to the black sea and most of eastern ukraine . 
  we all know he wants more than that . 
  but i guess he figured he might piss off the big bad us . 
  erdogan knows the us aint doing shit . 
  i mean . 
  its easier to just up and move then you 'd think in this country . 
  it always has been . 
  people continue to live in the ghetto anyways . 
  its also not like they are not justified this time . 
  yeah . 
  here you can civilians whipping soldiers who 've already surrendered with belts : http://www.nbcnews.com/slideshow/scenes-confusion-during-attempted-coup-turkey-n610591 does n't matter if its happening everywhere . 
  that 's not fake news . 
  that 's one of the leading political officials saying he is considering introducing legal measures to bring the death penalty back . 
  that 's not some man on the street speculating about them doing it . 
  that 's one of the most powerful men in turkey saying they may actively pursue it . 
  who knows what kind of majority they 'll get in government . 
  they have 10s of thousands of people in the streets right now looking for blood . 
  members of parliament might be scared shitless and vote along with it to avoid reprisals . 
  you have 12 % of the population that wants sharia law . 
  even if the vast majority of turks are forward thinking , normal people , iran in the 70s has proven that it does n't take long for the vocal minority and a military or religious strongman to break that all down . 
  for now . 
  turkish pm is already on record saying they are considering bringing it back . 
  who 's going to stop him ? 
  they have tens of thousands of people in the streets riled up and ready to kill for them to the point where they are whipping soldiers with belts . 
  if erdogan told them to execute the soldiers then and there , they 'd have done it with gusto . 
  the guardian reports : https://www.theguardian.com/world/live/2016/jul/15/turkey-coup-attempt-military-gunfire-ankara?page=with:block-578a019be4b073c22786c8ee#block-578a019be4b073c22786c8ee http://www.commondreams.org/news/2016/07/16/thousands-arrested-attempted-coup-turkey-reportedly-fails  erdo\u011fan , who returned to istanbul in the early hours of the morning from his holiday in the resort of marmaris , said the attempted coup was `` treason '' undertaken by `` a minority within our armed forces . '', 
   prime minister binali yildirim said on saturday that ** legal changes would be considered to reintroduce the death penalty to deal with coup-plotters . 
  ** he called the plot `` a black stain '' on turkish democracy . 
  no one says it has happened . 
  they are saying it may happen . 
  http://www.commondreams.org/news/2016/07/16/thousands-arrested-attempted-coup-turkey-reportedly-fails  the guardian reports :  erdo\u011fan , who returned to istanbul in the early hours of the morning from his holiday in the resort of marmaris , said the attempted coup was `` treason '' undertaken by `` a minority within our armed forces . '', 
   prime minister binali yildirim said on saturday ** that legal changes would be considered to reintroduce the death penalty to deal with coup-plotters . 
  ** he called the plot `` a black stain '' on turkish democracy . 
  when a high ranking turkish official is on record saying they are considering reintroducing the death penalty , i 'd take that seriously . 
  would n't you ? 
   turkey does not have execution . 
  they can get prison for life at most and i do n't think erdogan can bring back death penalty ... people really have bad memories with that . 
  well . 
  the first sign that turkey has gone full third world shithole is if erdogan ignores that rule and starts executing anyone . 
  sound right ? 
  i do n't think they usually take time to change the position of the flags during an active coup . 
  historical events do not come when its convenient . 
  yeah . 
  did you guys have a civil war a hundred fifty years ago that the losing side is still pretty sore about ? 
  that 's so awkward in english . 
  we call ourselves new yorkers and americans . 
  because that is what we are . 
  we are from the united states of america . 
  we are united states of americans . 
  which shortens to americans . 
  sorry that facts ruined your buzz . 
  i guess your right . 
  as is . 
  looks like we 'll get it anyways . 
  just not quite sure who 's on who 's side yet . 
  people act like the uk is n't going to move money around that was earmarked to go to help support the eu too . 
  its not like the uk was n't pulling its weight in the eu . 
  many of the perks that the eu afforded the uk ( outside of a tariff-free marketplace for their goods ) , can be paid for out of the uk coffers simply by taking the money that would have gone to pay the uk 's eu obligations , and redirecting it to local uk needs . 
   i 'm with you , break out the b-52s and give them their wish .
