not all of it . 
  look at all the backwards europeans . 
  they do n't even recognize gay marriage . 
  the phone corrects things whatever way it wants to . 
  first time it autocorrects to succeed , second time to seceded . 
  idk why . 
  / shrug, 
  sure they can legally succeed . 
  just pass an amendment to make it legal , then seceded . 
  ^ ^ ^ disclaimer : ^ ^ ^ fun ^ ^ ^ may ^ ^ ^ be ^ ^ ^ subject ^ ^ ^ to ^ ^ ^ cancelation ^ ^ ^ and ^ ^ ^ immediate ^ ^ ^ jailing ^ ^ ^ at ^ ^ ^ the ^ ^ ^ whims ^ ^ ^ of ^ ^ ^ erdogan, 
  killing the jews is always someone 's first instinct when shit goes south . 
  my favorite is the crusade where they just said `` fuck it lets kill some jews '' instead of going to fight muslims for jerusalem . 
  not as much . 
  people stopped dreaming out . 
  yeah . 
  that is another element . 
   you 're spot on about the eurozone though , no currency union will last without a fiscal union , the germans will have to accept this as a fact and then see where they want to go . 
  i mean its the same argument the united states had a 230 years ago when they debated the articles of confederation vs. the constitution . 
  its not a sensible methodology , and at best its just a slow , gradualist , effort to get a few generations comfortable with the idea of unifying before unifying . 
  the problem i see is that they are going to be too slow in realizing that they have to take the next step . 
  something debt related is going to go wrong in spain , italy , portugal , and greece and its all going to come tumbling down . 
  the uk wanted out . 
  they wanted to at least get a little bit away from the fallout before it went down . 
  well . 
  that and there are a lot of people who do n't like people of other cultures/ethnicities in their small , formerly uniform british , villages . 
  the refugees were the last straw so to speak . 
  if you add it all up . 
  you get why brexit happened . 
  the theory was always that if you do not federalize it would happen in the long term , over a period of decades . 
  not tomorrow . 
  take that up with the obama administration . 
  i mean , talks ca n't happen . 
  but `` talks '' can happen . 
  they want to be having a discussion with the larger power brokers like germany and france . 
  germany and france do not want to give up their leverage . 
  we are mostly seeing who is going to blink first . 
  but it 'll be a little while . 
  at least a year most likely . 
  i mean you can always have people who start trying to mesh together often incompatible ideologies together in novel ways . 
  donald trump right now is trying to mesh reaganism with 19th century populism and early 20th century republicanism . 
  there is a lot about those two ideologies that are inconsistent with one another . 
  populism and early 20th century republicanism are nothing like reaganism and his philosophy is more like the former than the latter . 
  that is why there is fracturing . 
  liberation theology is similarly self inconsistent . 
  it really attempts to call itself marxist , but its really far more christian in origin and ultimately in substance . 
  yeah . 
  missing comma . 
  i 'll put it in . 
   you 're mixing up a ton of things here , and leaving out a bunch of others . 
  the us does n't have an inability to do nation building , the right people simply do n't want to . 
  this is n't a problem with the military either -- former general petraeus was on the right track in iraq , but was undermined in his efforts by other people . 
  i used to believe that . 
  i am not so sure anymore . 
  after watching what happened in syria , i am starting to think that the whole middle east is just unsalvageable . 
  the united states does not really have any vested interest in being there . 
  it does not have any vested interest in being anywhere . 
  we do not export things anymore like we used to . 
  its about time for the end of team america world police . 
  but hillary clinton and her supporters are doing a 180 on that right now . 
  its actually fascinating to watch . 
  when did i say that ? 
  bad lawyering regardless . 
  always plan for every eventuality . 
  even if it 's messy . 
  that 's why people get prenups . 
  it 's a leverage issue . 
  u.k. has more leverage negotiating before article 50 . 
  eu has more leverage after article 50 . 
  so uks best interest is to wait as long as they think it 's politically acceptable and wo n't piss off the uk population who voted to leave , and to buy time to get infrastructure/funding in place to manage the exit . 
  eus best interest is for uk to leave as soon as possible and take the drag of their continued influence and risk on the eu . 
  unfortunately , the eu drafted article 50 in a fashion probably too friendly to a leaving country , as there is no leverage for forcing the leaving country to leave other than asking them or threatening them . 
  the u.k. 
  does n't give a shit . 
  they will do what 's best in their interest above and beyond what 's best for the international community . 
  where do you think americans learned it from originally ? 
  we learned it from dad . 
  communism is certainly an atheist ideology . 
  communism is a derivative hegalianism , but seperstes itself as a form of dialectic materialism . 
  it 's inherently a materialist philosophy which is incompatible with religious thought . 
  to the communist , religion is a dangerous tool of the capitalists whose purpose is to distract the prolitareat from the capitalist system breaking the material nexus between the subject and his labor , that is to say taking the means of production and the fruits of production from the worker . 
  religion was something that was directly opposed to the materialist nature of communism as religion is very often a anti-materialist and supernaturalist in nature . 
  as such communism saw religion as something that ought to be repressed and destroyed , and saw religious practice as undermining communist society . 
  as it was a materialist philosophy opposed to religion as a rejection of materialism , it could be described as atheist . 
  it was an atheist ideology . 
  edit : comma, 
  an atheist ideology would be one that states that people literally can not be anything but atheists . 
  it would be a substituted morality that makes it morally wrong to have a religion and morally right to oppress those with a religion . 
  the problem with communism in regards to its abuses of religious groups was that communism under say stalin had an atheist ideology . 
  that is not to say that because stalinists were atheists they oppressed religious groups . 
  it is to say that they had an ideology that caused them to oppress religious groups , and that ideology was atheist in origin . 
  however the origin of an ideology is irrelevant to causing ideological based oppression . 
  you could have an ideology based in believing that only toast eaters are good and all non toast eaters should be killed . 
  whether or not you have an opinion on toast eating is not itself an ideology . 
  it 's that next step to actively working towards oppressing others because of that ideology that is the problem . 
  sure . 
  but his base is supporting him form islamist reasons . 
  i wrote the wrong thing . 
  multi tasking meant to say that religion that is not dogmatic might be a waste of time but is harmless . 
  was actually arguing for a tangible point that is the reverse of what i said . 
  the problem is that even if your atheist you can be corrupted by ideology .
