  schmidt rubin model 1889, 
  more mausers, 
  mosin m44, 
  lee metford, 
  you 're exactly right . 
  one is never enough with guns , and by the same token , neither is five . 
  it 's a very slippery slope , but hey , once you 're already going down it , why try and stop ? 
  that would be a hell of a lot of oiling to do each time it rained , but point taken . 
  we 're both very quickly heading down that road , but who cares , life is too short . 
  i 'd love to play as the anzacs . 
  playing as more colonial troops would be cool too , like a map in africa with the askaris . 
  i wo n't be signing it . 
  i 'm against abortion , the status quo is fine . 
  it 's odd , because people say `` pro-choice '' , but what choice does the baby get ? 
  and ( unless in the case of rape , which is only less than 0.5 % of reasons for abortion in the us , for example http://www.johnstonsarchive.net/policy/abortion/abreasons.html ) it 's the mother 's choice to have sex . 
  that is my opinion . 
  for the people who say `` my body , my choice '' , in my view , that 's factually incorrect . 
  it 's the baby 's body . 
  also , while i have no problem with abortion due to rape , the rape must be proven , else we 'd have people coming in and wanting an abortion , citing rape as the reason . 
  edit : off topic removed, 
  i never said or meant to say it did . 
  nice attempt to try and be a smartarse . 
  make decisions for other people ? 
  hmmm ... 
  i never knew the baby was consulted before an abortion ? 
  am i mistaken somehow ? 
  if you 're looking for a fuckwit i suggest you go and look in the mirror , there 's a high chance you 'd find one there . 
  i dunno about you , but i think a baby being killed is a lot worse than a baby crying . 
  i give a shit about a baby 's life , a baby crying at birth is a trivial matter . 
  what the hell are you on about ? 
  revenge for having sex ? 
  no , i was saying that * unless * in cases of rape , it 's the woman 's choice to have sex , and therefore her responsibility to deal with whatever consequences may arise from that . 
  ideally the two people involved in sex should sort it out but that 's not always what happens . 
  oh , another smart-arse . 
  i said no such thing . 
  i meant a woman * can * have an abortion due to rape but there are always going to be people who try and exploit it . 
  and then you proceed to abuse me because of what you thought my opinion was , which you said was that i advocate forcing a woman to carry her rapist 's baby , which is bullshit and you know it . 
  how intelligent you are . 
  i care about the baby 's life , yes , because i think it deserves to live . 
  by the same contrast what choice does the baby get if it is aborted ? 
  you 're doing it again . 
  so what , because somebody makes a stupid decision , does the baby deserve to die ? 
  i know . 
  otherwise such a thing would be constantly exploited . 
  nope , that 's not true . 
  i 'm okay with abortion because a rape is n't a woman 's choice , consensual sex , by contrast , is . 
  you expect me to say `` it 's okay for a mother to carry her rapist 's child '' ? 
  i said the mother * should take responsibility * for her choices , rape is n't her choice . 
  this would be me if i ever actually got any damn battlepacks, 
  i agree . 
  at least they * tried * to re-work it though . 
  still is and probably always will be a mediocre map at best . 
  i 've got a few propositions to dice as well, 
  - fix the damn quit button, 
  - fix the op horses, 
  - fix the battlepack system ( i 've played literally the whole of last and this week and have n't got * one * - it used to be too easy to get them now it 's too hard - why the extremes ? ), 
  words can not describe how much i want to do this now, 
  might give it a go . 
  i play almost exclusively conquest so maybe that 's where the issue is, 
  people who need to die : number one, 
  mom , get me my tendies !, 
  now now now !, 
  damn , 360 degree chess is fun !, 
  ps4 player , psn is mrtucan234 , located in oceania . 
  i 'm not that good at the game , just want to have fun . 
  i usually play medic or assault but i can do most classes , i do n't have a mic however i do have discord . 
  currently studying right now but i 'll try and play as much as i can, 
  if you want to then swipe ri - i mean add me on psn, 
  liberal judges make decisions on what they want the law to be , rather than what it actually is . 
  us code 1182 and their apparent dismissal of it proves this . 
  i think liberals forget who will become president if he is impeached ( which he wo n't be ), 
  ** do n't we all love trump girls **, 
  aka mike lgbtbtfo pence ? 
  maybe because they realise sweden is so fubar that they 'd be blatantly lying to themselves if it was n't, 
  ready to ** break the conditioning !, 
  ** now pass some of that super male vitality !, 
  how about no ? 
  well here we have dick smith again ... 
  honestly , national would n't be half as bad without dipshits like him running the show, 
  you ca n't blame everything on russia , you know, 
  if only it was a requirement where i lived !, 
  and they 've just thrown whatever chances they had of winning in 2018 or 2020 away ... oh wait , they never had any chances in the first place !, 
  i do n't even bother with this shit anymore , just pisses me off how biased they are . 
  tom perez would nominate hillary in 2020 if he could . 
  it 's really no surprise . 
  come 2020 , they 'll nominate another establishment shill and lose again and again and again . 
  i see nobody claiming racist or islamophobic ... 
  do you want to win in 2020 or not ? 
  no , do n't bother answering . 
  i already know the answer to that . 
  a number of the seats they have to defend are in states trump won . 
  they will not survive . 
  good point . 
  there 's about ten regulars in the small town i live in and it really annoys me not having one ( yet ) . 
  congrats , i 'm jealous haha , currently in the market for my first car and i was thinking about an impreza of some description - for me it does n't really matter so long as it 's a subaru and it works . 
  perfect couples do n't exi -, 
  half the reason i want a dslr is just to take car pictures all the time with it, 
  very nice !, 
  making me jealous , first thing i do when i get my hands on a subaru will be to take her to the mountains, 
  i know this guy ai n't perfect but he sure as hell seems better than a lot of other dems,
