  i did n't notice many bugs apart from the odd crash but they are few and far between . 
  if you liked ntw you will probably like empire . 
  still hoping for empire ii . 
  just like how they were racist if they did n't vote for him . 
  obama is an idiot , we all know that . 
  8 years ago we were racist if we did n't support him . 
  typical democrats . 
  when i usually get skins , i usually try them once , do n't like them , revert to original skin and then do n't have the heart to scrap it . 
  that 's probably true . 
  anyone who is n't a straight white male , we 're some sort of lefty buzzword if we do n't support them . 
  islamophobic , racist , sexist , you name it . 
  well , for me i just get them once , try them and forget . 
  to be honest , you 've actually given me a good idea . 
  might try collecting them all because why not , gives me an excuse to keep playing . 
  i usually have streaks when i get them a lot then long periods of not getting them at all . 
  i think the trick is to just play a lot , 
  fair enough . 
  i never use them anyway , you can get other things with the scraps so why not put it to good use ... 
  glad they 're reworking it , i * despise * suez in its current form . 
  it 's almost always one side getting completely hammered and that for me is n't much fun . 
  sinai is alright but not my favourite by a long shot . 
  finally , a developer that takes its customers ' concerns into account . 
  thank you dice !, 
  thanks for the giveaway , whoever wins it . 
  good luck to you all , here is my comment :d, 
  i 'd still rather have this than a president who collapses , imagine the news heading !, 
  `` president clinton has collapsed before she was due to meet russian president vladimir putin ... '', 
  ** ca n't be allowed to happen !, 
  the amount of evidence that there is against her could probably put her away for a million years , although in her current physical health state if she 's alive by the end of next year i 'd be damn surprised . 
  we know she 's in trouble when huffpo , the most cucked liberal `` news '' site on the planet has people on there refusing to support her . 
  as much as i despise bernie at least some of his voters are standing against corruption rather than standing with big politics and lies as their `` socialist hero '' candidate has done . 
  yeah , we 're all racist . 
  remember when we said blacks needed to be brought to heel ? 
  never mind that !, 
  is there anyone even on r/hillaryclinton ? 
  last time i checked that place was a virtual ghost town . 
  great , might have to look at jk 's smug face for another 3 years . 
  just great . 
  i suppose this all depends on who you ask . 
  there 's going to be a flurry of people who disagree , there always is when these sort of surveys put us near the top . 
  i wonder what this new party 's feline policy will be . 
  i went there to check it out and decided to have some fun with them , i remarked on how `` intelligent '' they were , next minute some triggered liberal tells me to go back to my safe space !, 
  the irony !, 
  i have n't had the honour of subbing to that place but i think i will do without . 
  besides , there 's nothing going on there anyway . 
  saw that , and the bullshit narrative that bernie voters are actually with her . 
  like hell they are !, 
  also they do n't appear to be very enthusiastic , a total contrast to here . 
  if i want chronic depression i know where to head . 
  you 're right , they 're in total free-fall . 
  i ca n't wait to go on their butthurt sub the day trump wins . 
  well that was an explosive end to these proceedings . 
  wow , they went full retard a long time ago , but this ... 
  you ca n't even downvote their posts from what i see , too precious to handle the fact that nobody likes their shitty candidate , i presume . 
  some people think their `` right '' to be offended comes before everyone else 's right to say what they please . 
  in my opinion people getting triggered about jokes has gone way too far . 
  in extreme cases it 's understandable but nowadays every joke is bound to trigger someone and it 's just stupid . 
  so hillary tells the fbi to release the emails but she 's not willing to do it herself . 
  this could be why ... 
  nope . 
  i meant on the tv , as i 'm sure you know . 
  ctr ca n't handle the truth !, 
  retarded liberals !, 
  ps4 player from nz : mrtucan234, 
  wo n't be able to play often until the 9th due to exams but after that i can play a lot . 
  i 'm looking for some friends to play with who are n't too serious and just want to have fun . 
  i like to ptfo , and usually play scout . 
  i have a mic as well . 
  thankfully , you 're right . 
  on a lot of other games ' forums i see people coming to blows over what platform they play on ( pc master race , console master race etc ) or what weapon is their favourite ( the only discussions i 've seen here about weapons have been friendly and non-confrontational ) and so on , but luckily that does n't happen here . 
  my philosophy is who cares what console you play on or what weapon is your favourite , just enjoy the game !, 
  labour just needs to become relevant again . 
  they 're pretty irrelevant right now and if this continues they 're headed for destruction . 
  furthermore national has essentially hijacked the left , so labour could perhaps try to claw some of that back because right now all they have are the lefty champagne socialists , whose support they share with the greens . 
  that 's why obama shills for her . 
  he said everything running for president and changed nothing . 
  remember , he also said he was n't on the ballot ( thank fuck ) but his policies were . 
  third term obama in the form of hillary , anyone ? 
  labour has n't looked in nz first 's manifesto for their policies , for one . 
  well done , i like that . 
  although the bit about foreign workers brought in and trained , that 's a major flaw right there . 
  i can already see it 's going to be exploited . 
  i see threads from this sub on the front page ** every day !!, 
  ** we 're beating ctr , centipedes !, 
  all leftists , while they may not all hate gays , they always choose islam over gays . 
  they 've let down the gay community by letting in people who want them dead . 
  hillary only likes gays because they 're votes for her !, 
  i ca n't imagine her with that voice holding a press conference with world leaders . 
  we can not allow that to happen !, 
  hey , at least she 's on her last legs . 
  she 's literally desperate for the presidency to get out of jail and to serve what she sees as her turn before she kicks the bucket . 
  tfw when you want to vote trump but you do n't live in the usa ; _ ;, 
   `` our job is to reach out to trump voters to tell them that ** we 're going to create an economy that works for all of us ** , not just a few . '', 
  you off your meds again ? 
  hillary clinton will * not * create an economy that works for all , only one that works for herself and her donors . 
  anyone who thinks otherwise is either delusional or stupid as fuck . 
  although to give credit to sanders , at least he does n't think half of trump 's voters are in the basket of deplorables , at least he * sort of * gets why they vote trump . 
  is this guy in the basket of deplorables , hillary ? 
  the dems have been doing it for decades and they 're doing it this time even more because they know there 's a real chance that minorities are eventually going to stop believing their bullshit . 
  if hillary turned down any salary increase , hell if she turned down a $ 0.10 pay increase the media would be all over her , claiming she 's some sort of benevolent saviour,
