  good point , we do n't need it back if it 's already in the game . 
  i tend to agree . 
  i hate arty more than anything else in the game by a long shot , and i hate how arty players are breaking the game by playing such a stupid class that takes next to no skill to use with no ability for non-arty to retaliate , but at the end of the day , insulting arty players themselves really is n't going to help much . 
  it should n't be in the game , but i do n't think that justifies me abusing people who play it . 
  but because the tog is so long , the jokes are already there, 
  same for me saying `` this is going to be a quacker of a game '' whenever i bring my amx 40 out . 
  feels bad man . 
  same here on sea , but a lot of the chat is composed of squares for me so i do n't know what it is they 're saying , but , knowing the toxicity of the wot community , i 'm not exactly dying to know . 
  same here with the british at series . 
  i never thought it was so hard to hit the cupola but hey , why use skill when you can just press 2 ? 
  for me , most of the shit talkers who message people after the game seem to be people who have done like 50k battles and they 're playing a tier 5 , i just call them stat padders and tell em to piss off . 
  a lot of the time their stats are really bad with higher tier tanks so i wonder why they 're playing lower tiers ... really makes me think . 
  it might be a bit long but do you reckon you could make a tog ii gif ? 
  or maybe an amx 40 ? 
  oh he has ? 
  my bad then , did n't see it  i shall have a look for it . 
  i do n't platoon any more full stop because i ca n't stand continuous bottom tier matches , so if they made it that you could only have a certain number of bottom tier matches in a row that 'd be great . 
  i can handle a few , but having consecutive ones is just painful and saps my will to play . 
  this . 
  someone bought the skorpion g for me a while back . 
  i never play it because i 'm pretty much always coming up against tier 10s and what pisses me off is that i somehow see them all the time playing as tier 6 . 
  so much for arty preventing camping i guess . 
  there 's really no way to fight it , which makes it definitely the stupidest mechanic in wot and probably one of the most retarded mechanics in any game full stop . 
  trust me , if you could do that from the other side of the map ( i.e where arty can hit you from but you ca n't hit it back ) there 'd be no problem . 
  however , i do not know if this is possible . 
  pretty much sums up all the problems with arty in one gif . 
  daily reminder that arty prevents camping and promotes dynamic gameplay / s, 
  i 'm not sure about mods , but you can use xvm if you 're interested in your team 's stats . 
  i 'm personally not but each to their own . 
  as for op tanks , i 'm going to have to say the japanese heavies . 
  most of them are there so low skill players can feel like they have achieved something . 
  for example , i consider the kv-2 to be a pretty balanced tank for a derp gun , so imagine a kv-2 with double the frontal armor , better gun handling , better view range and a better turret traverse . 
  imagine all of these things and you have the o-i , or as i call it , the o-p . maybe they 're not op but they 're sure as hell broken and in my view , should n't have been added to the game at all , at least not with derp guns and very few , if any , frontal weak spots . 
  stop camping / s, 
  the main `` argument '' i have is that there are n't enough players , i 'm not sure that i buy that . 
  but anyway . 
  in reality , a lot of people who are for + / -2 are just stat padders who , with + / -1 , would realize that they 're not as `` good '' as they think they are . 
  i do n't see why we ca n't have a weighted system where , after a certain number of bottom tier games ( say 5 ) we are guaranteed at least a middle tier , same tier or top tier game . 
  i can handle a few bottom tier games but 10 or more in a row is just ridiculous . 
   how would reduced matchmaking spread help statpadders ? 
  that does n't make sense to me . 
  a lot of stat padders like stomping on lower tier tanks to , obviously , pad their stats . 
  i 've seen it in game many times . 
  my bad , i should have explained it better . 
  i get that , hence i said maybe a weighted system would be better where you are guaranteed at least a same tier , middle tier or top tier game after a certain number of bottom tier games . 
  i mean there 's more diverse games , sure , but i 'd rather have games that are fair because lots of tanks at tier 8 ( for example the skorpion ) are good , even op enough at their tier , and it just is n't fair when they face tier 6 - this is merely one example and there are many more out there . 
  i would n't mind 3/5/7 if it did n't mean i was bottom tier all the time . 
  i can deal with the odd few bottom tier games , but having consistent ones in a row is just unfair and stupid . 
  the patriot has been on sale recently so i see no reason why it wo n't come up again . 
  as for the defender , i hope not , but knowing wg , it 's sure to come back one day . 
  they said in an interview when asked about it ; `` we will see . 
  would you like it to be !? 
  '' , i would n't like it to be , but each to their own . 
  the replies are cancer as usual . 
  typical liberals . 
  complaining about trump tweeting then finding the time to reply to his tweets , as if they 're going to achieve anything . 
  `` we need a real potus '' , one of them says . 
  i hope they realize that they 've got one , and they 're replying to his tweet . 
   i think ultimately the problem lies with the fact the matchmaker prefers 3/5/7 battles to 5/10 and 15 / battles . 
  if it first preferred 5/10 , then 15 / , then 3/5/7 , i think that would be a good compromise between game diversity and constant bottom tier issues for tier 8s . 
  yeah i can see where you 're coming from . 
  i do agree that there 's nothing wrong with a bit of a challenge , but as with anything , too much of it is a bad thing and i know several people who have been driven away by this . 
  i do n't remember there being as many bottom tier matches before wg forced 3/5/7 so maybe that 's the fault of it . 
  yeah , i know the feeling . 
  i used to love this line , but by the time i got to the at 7 , the armor is useless and there 's only so much gold spam one can take . 
  i 'm just going to farm xp in my premiums and free xp the rest . 
  i would personally go with the skorpion , though i feel dirty playing it . 
  because it 's borderline op and wrecks everything from stupidly far away , pretty much a few short steps back from what spgs to do the game, 
  warning : rant incoming . 
  i do n't like spg 's but neither do lots of people so i 'll go off on a tangent about japanese heavies instead , in particular , the o-i . 
  i agree with you 100 % , japanese heavies are amazingly frustrating for me , and it does n't help that every man and his dog seems to have one . 
  it 's like playing the game in easy mode , all you have to do is roll around like an idiot and not have to worry about most tanks penetrating you provided you keep your front to them because the o-i for example * has no frontal weakspots * which is a completely stupid idea . 
  they exist to make low skill players feel like they 've achieved something without actually doing just that . 
  i 'm sick of facing a tank with double the armour of a kv-2 pretty much everywhere frontally with the same sort of gun so it 's not fun at all to play against them . 
  the o-i machine gun ports should be a weak spot but oh no they have the same amount of armour . 
  adding these monstrosities was honestly a massive mistake . 
  i do n't care if i get downvoted , i just had to get this off my chest . 
  i used to like the at series , did n't even find the at 8 to be that bad but by the time i got to the at 7 i was just done . 
  they 're arty magnets and the armor is irrelevant not only because of the weak spots but everybody just slings gold at it . 
  i think i 'll just free xp my way to the 183 . 
  yes . 
  it makes large amounts of credits for a tier 6 and of course it 's a meme . 
  just make sure you fit a spall liner . 
  i 'm using it to free xp my way to the fv215b ( 183 ) and unlike other premium tanks of mine , it does n't get old . 
  you could get him to the hetzer , i personally found that to be a good tank for me in my noob days . 
  i 'm doing the same as you , grinding to the 183 except i 'm going to get it first ( before it 's removed ) by free xp-ing straight to it from the at-7 then i 'll go back and play the tortoise . 
  inb4 `` it 's not real socialism '', 
  same here , i 'm incredibly jealous and have been ever since it looked like he might win . 
  the government here cares about `` refugees '' more than our own people so it 's good that at least one country has a leader who cares about his own people . 
  i heard that it was about three months . 
  currently at the tier 8 fully upgraded , grinding to the tortoise with both the at15 and my premium tanks with boosters too . 
  i reckon i 'll make it but who knows . 
  wait they 're adding the french ? 
  wow , that would be cool . 
  even if they only added the italians and rank vi relatively recently . 
  same , i 'd prefer a french tree over rank vi but that does n't mean i do n't * like * the latter . 
  i 'd personally like to see the sncase se . 
  100 in game, 
  i 'm pretty sure gaijin at one point said players were too stupid to see their data that they use to make decisions . 
  furthermore , while many complain about russian bias in wot , it 's a * lot * more prevalent in wt .
