  well you laid them out and i pointed the inaccuracies out , of which there were many . 
  i compared them to hydras because even if one dies there 's always another that emerges , sorry if that was a little advanced for you . 
  my philosophy is as follows :, 
  see something that looks remotely interesting . 
  buy it , no matter the price , thinking `` there might not be another one '' . 
  when i get home , i 'm instantly like `` what the hell did i just buy '' . 
  put it in the safe and forget about it . 
  repeat until safe is full . 
  buy another safe and continue repeating . 
  keep thinking i give a damn about your useless opinion , i might actually if you keep ... actually no i wo n't . 
  pls no steal, 
  like i said , there would be * some * racists in the party , but jean marie le pen is gone . 
  if the party 's support base was comprised entirely of racists etc they would n't be where they are now . 
  the media coverage i 've seen of the fn and marine le pen has almost exclusively been accusing them of racism and as i said i do n't see them accusing any leftist party of economic illiteracy and autism , both of these are stereotypes and are n't true for the majority of the parties concerned . 
  people are angry with the french government for their handling of immigration and integration , and quite rightfully so . 
  they see the fn as the only option because the others do n't have a solution at all . 
  okay , fine , it may just be the media i 've seen ( bbc , nz herald and a few others ) , they all seem to do their best to portray marine le pen and the fn as racist . 
  obviously immigration is n't their only priority when voting but there 's no doubt that it 's a major one for most of them , and the government 's handling of it as well as the government 's handling of pretty much everything else . 
  they see the fn as ones who 'll actually talk about and try to fix these issues because the current parties ( i.e socialist party ) are n't fixing them . 
  it 's happened elsewhere . 
  still , i do n't think questioning immigration or a government 's handling of it is racist and i 've said this before ; there are always going to be douchebags but they do n't speak for every single fn voter and for me the media i see tries to portray otherwise . 
  as long as medics actually heal people not act as secondary snipers, 
  i think so , yeah , although apparently you can revive people killed with a syringe . 
  never tried it myself . 
  but i think you 're right , i 've never been healed after being killed via melee attack . 
  i can understand that , and the media i watch is n't based there so they probably have n't got such an idea but then media outlets like the bbc provide news to a lot of people outside of france so chances are they 've influenced a lot of people to believe what they say about the fn . 
  of course it is n't exclusive to the fn , trump , ukip and others have equally been demonised as well . 
  yeah , same goes for a bayonet charge . 
  probably to reward people for getting in there and getting up close to the enemy but you can still kill off an entire oblivious sniper nest on top of buildings via melee which i find rather funny, 
  well every country has to have it 's own model because every country is different so one model from one country probably wo n't work in another , at least not without revision to make it more suitable . 
  i think we wo n't be exempt from this sadly but we 're quite far away so potentially we wo n't feel it as much as others , say europe , for example . 
  however for crises like this one in syria and potential ones in the future , we ca n't allow our heart to think for our head , e.g we need to have common sense when dealing with this sort of thing . 
  well yeah , if the fn was the party that media i consume portrays it to be i would n't be here debating in favour of them with you , i think they just deliberately do n't keep up in order to make the party less palatable . 
  the sweden democrats had a similar thing - used to be a neo nazi party but jimmie akesson took it over , threw the extremists out and now it 's a viable alternative to the establishment there . 
  however , the media has n't played ball and moved along with it , probably deliberately . 
  i was under the impression that the airlifted object in question was lena dunham . 
  no no no , we have to remember , these standards only apply to us . 
  liberals are exempt from their diversity standards they impose on us . 
  why not by 100 % ? 
  the west has been licking their asses for * way * too long now . 
  ** burn **, 
  wow , that was * top kek * . 
  i usually hate to laugh at other people 's misfortune , but come on , this has to be an exception . 
  she brought this on herself . 
  okay , i know this is harsh , but perhaps we could make them watch john oliver 's ranting until they confess . 
  wait no , that 's too harsh . 
  let 's appoint jeb bush as energy secretary . 
  he sure as hell knows how to make the most out of low amounts of energy . 
  please clap . 
  liberals before kanye said he 'd vote for trump : `` kanye west is an inspiring and creative intellectual artist '', 
  after : `` kanye is an idiot and we should n't rely on his opinion '', 
  that cat is n't a pussy, 
  i saw one of these chambered in .303 ( martini-enfield ) for $ 800 at a show a few weeks back . 
  kind of regret not picking it up . 
  also i see people use these in my wwi and boer war re-enactment . 
  you can always get one chambered in .303, 
  a battlefield with multiple cold war conflicts , including vietnam would be really cool ( it could also have korea , malaya etc ) . 
  as would a wwii battlefield , both of these would be awesome with a few different stories and characters much like bf1 with the campaign . 
  as long as they do n't go the way of cod with futuristic warfare i will be happy . 
  lost all self control ? 
  welcome to the club !, 
  another case of leftist pc madness . 
  to be honest , these do n't really make me surprised any more , whenever one happens it 's simply a case of `` they 'll keep happening '' , that is of course until the west stops being run by spineless cowards who wo n't stand up for their country and its people . 
  one foray into the future would n't be bad , hence 2142 , but i just do n't want there to be successive futuristic games one after the other , which is what cod has become . 
  the weapons is an issue but i do n't think the uniforms would be , like it 's not a problem on bf1 for example because there are different sides , there would have to be more of them to cater for different eras . 
  it 'd be a big game . 
  potentially making them as different games would be the better option . 
  i actually really wanted to make a thread about this but i did n't because i anticipated that it would be downvoted to high heaven . 
  i fully agree , gotten my ass killed way too many times . 
  i was thinking the same thing . 
  well , at least i 've learnt one thing today . 
  i agree . 
  in my view , this is the best battlefield game for quite a while ( this is coming from a returning bf1942 veteran ) and i wanted a wwi shooter ever since 1942 . 
  of course it 's not perfect , but it 's much more perfect than a lot of other games out there , i 'll probably keep playing it for a while unless the next bf is a wwii or cold war game . 
  i mean i do n't see how it could wear off quickly , the only thing that would cause it to wear off quickly is if the series is repetitive , hence i stopped playing cod . 
  i can not put into words how much i wanted to say this . 
  to the people that constantly play tank and nothing else , why not play wot ? 
  or just try something else for a change . 
  i used to be a camping scout until i decided to try other classes . 
  messed up my k/d ratio , sure , but it was a lot more fun than camping at the edge of the map for the whole game . 
  who else thought of flyboys when seeing this ? 
  okay , this is n't as bad as all the squads being not full and locked , but i feel your pain :(, 
  damn , this brings back some nostalgia from the good old days . 
  i would come home from school and play this literally every day for hours on end . 
  thanks for the trip down memory lane !, 
  i hate it when people get killed with something once and then claim it 's op . 
  for me the martini is n't op in any way , you got ta learn how to use it . 
  first of all , it has a slow rate of fire , so you ca n't get too close otherwise you 'll get screwed by most other guns , and second of all , there is n't a sniper or marksman version , so you have to be accurate from a sizeable distance away . 
  yes the camping thing is so true ( it 's the same when 50 % + of the team are medics but when i die there 's nobody to heal me ) . 
  at least they could either not camp or * at the very least * help the rest of us out by spotting or using flares . 
  the ones that do their job are n't worthless though . 
  sincerely , an ex-camping scout . 
  she is literally the only progressive i do n't mind . 
  and to think a certain sub that shall not be named was full of people saying `` i 'm on the tulsi 2020 train '' ( well , full by their standards , which is still like a ghost town compared to this ), 
  is this r/hillaryclinton ? 
  what a bunch of colossal retards . 
  everyone is a white supremacist if they meet with trump for crying out loud , even a sanders-supporting samoan hindu ... this has reached a new level . 
  let me guess , another mentally ill individual . 
  apparently now she 's a member of some white supremacist cartel . 
  i shit you not , and believe me , i wish i was joking .
