  i have got some wwii guns and others , might post the rest if i have enough space to lay them all out . 
  for wwii i 've got a mauser k98 , arisaka type 38 , m24/47 ( yugoslav copy of the g98 ) and a carcano m91/38 , while for non-wwi or wwii i have an m38 swedish mauser , a schmidt rubin k31 , model 1909 argentine mauser , steyr kropatschek and a spanish mauser . 
  do you have a collection ? 
  if so , what 's in it ? 
  i would like one but sadly i 've never seen any for sale where i live and automatics require a more advanced type of license . 
  do you have one ? 
  thank you !, 
  sadly not . 
  one of those would be fun in real life , though . 
  i agree . 
  a large portion of my deaths are the result of camping medics with mondragon snipers and bandages/medic boxes they use for themselves . 
  also when 50 % of our team is made up of medics and there 's nobody to heal me when i die , that is pretty annoying . 
  thank you again !, 
  well some of them are expensive , like the k31 i 've seen for + $ 1,000 ( although i was given it by someone who owed me money ) , in fact i 've only spent $ 600 for the swedish mauser , i inherited the rest , but if i did buy them all , i hate to think , probably at least $ 3,000 i 'd say and there are plenty of rifles that i 'd still like so that could get higher . 
  technically , the vast majority of my deaths are from someone killing me , minus me crashing my plane etc , but i was simply agreeing with the post , a lot of medics ( and not all of them , there are plenty of good ones who do their jobs and hats off to them ) who simply camp and use their medpacks for themselves . 
  thank you !, 
  haha i guessed , just making sure . 
  one of them would sure as hell be nice to own though , that 's for sure . 
  thanks , i appreciate it !, 
  oh , have you ever fired it ? 
  i 've never seen one of those in the flesh . 
  yeah thanks , most i see are battered and they 've seen better days ( or even worse , sporterised ) , and i never particularly had a soft spot for mosins but i saw this one and thought hell why not . 
  haha , i think it 's part of the ` gun collecting bug ' , something comes through and i get that feeling that says `` i * must * have it '' ( which accurately explains the 3 m95s ) . 
  if an obrez comes past me i 'll be grabbing it , for sure . 
  was it that expensive ? 
  i 've heard about the inaccuracy , apparently sometimes the bullet comes out nearly sideways . 
  is the kick much worse than the m44 ? 
  ( if you 've fired one of them ) , that thing kicks like a mule . 
  the obrez is a neat little gun though . 
  that 's wasis !, 
  imagine the shitstorm if he replaced melania trump with michelle obama !, 
  jeez , liberals are pieces of shit , that 's for sure . 
  ** fuck , i 've wanted to get rid of this pos forever !, 
  you know what to do , pedes !, 
  the founding fathers probably anticipated that direct democracy would lead to a handful of cities full of liberal elites dictating how america is governed . 
  that 's what happens in europe . 
  i hate to say it , but too much democracy is a bad thing . 
  typical . 
  when he gets called out for his bias he will pull the `` i 'm a comedian '' card . 
  ca n't fucking stand this bilge rat . 
  his show was never funny in the first place and it is n't funny now . 
  i too forced myself to sit through his whole damn indoctrination `` comedy '' lecture . 
  never again . 
  who ? 
  pocahontas ? 
  and here i was thinking this generation would be the end of western civilisation . 
  i do n't think this opinion is that unpopular outside of those who have a left wing viewpoint , but i agree nevertheless . 
  it 's okay to be proud to be asian , black and so on so why not white ? 
  i 've also noticed how `` diversity '' is essentially a code word for `` less white people '' when you think about it . 
  we ca n't choose what skin colour we are so it 's pointless to be ashamed of it . 
  communist ? 
  how ? 
  there are people like that with all political beliefs . 
  your political beliefs do n't necessarily determine how sensitive you are . 
  i 'm firmly right-wing in terms of ideology , and i hate liberals more than almost anything ( i doubt you hate them more than me , but that 's beside the point ) but they 're not the only ones that get triggered by free speech . 
  as i said , lots of people from lots of political ideologies are triggered way too easily and it 's ridiculous . 
  can we have some supports come and resupply the servers ? 
  fair point . 
  it depends where you go though , even though much of reddit is left wing , there is a significant right wing presence as well ( hence r/the _ donald etc ) . 
  that 's exactly what they do . 
  they say part of multiculturalism is everyone being able to keep their own culture , oh yeah , i forgot , unless the person in question subscribes to white culture in which case they 're racist if they say they are proud of it . 
  and by the same token , if you ca n't choose your skin colour , why be ashamed of it ? 
  and i mean being proud of white culture , african americans are proud of their culture , and that 's all well and good , but once white people say they 're proud of theirs , it suddenly becomes racist . 
  the left has all these double standards and this is just one of them . 
  of course , the original left wing never had any of this but then this retarded branch sprouted out and gradually began to take over large portions of the left as a whole , as it has done today . 
  not in my country , because all white people , whether they be of english , irish or slavic stock are counted as `` european '' in the census , so diversity here means less people of european stock . 
  well trump is n't necessarily right wing in the traditional sense , but he 's still anti-left so that draws a lot of leftists to hate him , and as a matter of fact , it 's what draws me to like him because the leftists hate me too . 
  i do n't actually agree with a lot of trump 's points , since i 'm a fiscal and social conservative by nature , so he 's like a new branch of the right wing movement as opposed to being part of the mainstream . 
  but you 've got a point . 
  they only appear significant because they 're concentrated in a significant and protected area , and leftists occupy a lot of other subreddits , like for example i heard r/gaming ( i think ) had an anti-trump thread . 
  i agree . 
  labour * always * puts it down to people being racist and generally just demean them and call them stupid . 
  that does n't work - look at brexit and trump , but they still have n't learned anything , and it 's been their downfall . 
  they 've got only themselves to blame for their decline - they got so much wrong . 
  you need to reach out to a voter to get their support , not call them names . 
  nobody implicitly says it but it 's implied by a lot of left wing politicians . 
  out of all the reasons why i 'm proud of my culture , the race of the people who it involves is not one of them , although i do n't care about that so why be ashamed of something you ca n't choose , as i 've said . 
  i 'm aware that there are cultural subsets within a group , like for example , chinese culture is part of asian culture , and say , french culture is part of european culture and so on . 
  because they always go on about diversity and not just their words , but their actions as well . 
  ever noticed how multiculturalism is almost exclusively present in western countries ? 
  yes , i know a lot of right wing politicians have done bad things in the past , does n't mean i support them because i 'm right wing myself . 
  i have n't even explained what brand of right wing ideology i subscribe to and i do n't intend on it . 
  i simply agree with this thread . 
  read the title of it . 
  because the cultures of australia and lichtenstein are both european cultures ( yes , australia is n't geographically connected to europe but i mean in terms of culture , just in case you bring that up ) and both of those countries happen to be majority white . 
  just as japanese and chinese cultures are both examples of asian culture , those countries are majority asian . 
  yeah exactly , i mean if i go on to r/gaming i go on there to discuss gaming , not politics , which kind of annoys me , and in numerous other previously non-political subs i saw multiple anti-trump threads . 
  same , i do n't care who they vote for , how much they dislike trump or what party they support , but i do n't wan na know about it on a supposedly non-political sub . 
  people have woken up . 
  that 's why britain was liberated from the eu and that 's why trump won states that had n't gone red for decades , and that 's hopefully why marine le pen will be elected president . 
  that 's for sure . 
  the good thing is we can call leftists who do n't back her sexist for the same reason they did that to us with clinton : she would be the first female president . 
  already subbed there !, 
  just as i got out of the habit of skip spawning , all of the medics suddenly start camping and not actually healing . 
  if you want to camp play scout !, 
  this sort of thing pisses me off way more than it should . 
  this retarded leftist culture has got to stop . 
  od accused people who did n't support obama of treason , they 'll * surely * do the same for trump , right ? 
  yeah , no . 
  as long as there are pollsters saying this and leftists calling le pen voters stupid , she can win .
