  what a stupid liberal bitch !, 
   i have fucking had it with artillery, 
  you and me both . 
  indirect fire should n't be in a pvp game , period . 
  there 's always going to be people saying that they should n't be shot from something on the side of the map that they can not see or fight back against . 
  wg should have never added it in the first place . 
  edit : as i 've said before , if you 're going to use the ~ ~ disagree ~ ~ downvote button at least argue your point . 
  downvoting is n't going to change my opinion . 
  i thought ( and still hope ) that it was only staying on the chinese server ... chinese tds only came because people demanded it - not sure why anyone in their right mind would demand this thing back , it was removed for a reason . 
  now * this * is an unpopular opinion . 
  have an upvote . 
  it 's just a loud minority of retards who actually think this . 
  it 's almost like they do n't want to win elections . 
  inb4 the liberal media brings up more russia nothing burgers, 
  i do n't know what that has to do with me saying that indirect fire should n't be in a pvp game , but i am indeed aware of that . 
  on a side note i believe ikv 103 was designated for this as well , if i am not mistaken . 
  there 's a reason i personally do n't play fps games - and besides , i 'd say grenade launchers are more like tds than arty , you have to put yourself ( even if only slightly ) in the line of fire most times to use it , i was n't aware that grenades or grenade launchers got a top-down view and specialized in deleting players from the other side of the map . 
  plus it 's important to remember that it 's a different category of game - which as mentioned before , i do n't actually play . 
  furthermore , i do n't even really get a warning about arty strikes incoming . 
  edit : i 'd also like to say thanks to you for coming out and arguing your point , does n't often happen here . 
  we may disagree but kudos to you for being willing to have a debate . 
  i 'd think anyone would know better , in fact she may not have even twisted the truth , what she said may have been what she thought was the truth , she 's clearly not very intelligent and she 's got a bad track record of doing this kind of thing . 
  well , to put it one way , a bit of fact checking before she said what she did would have been in order , especially considering how much liberals like to go on about fact checking . 
  not really my point . 
  arty is a class in wot dedicated to indirect fire and i 'm saying that there should n't be such a class in a pvp game . 
  plus i doubt indirect fire in any other tank class would be a viable tactic considering the lack of a top-down god view that only arty gets . 
  i can understand if they 're the last tanks in their team , but i agree with you if they stay there for the whole game . 
  that 's arty 's job . 
  ** s p i c y a f **, 
  it theoretically * should * but i rarely see that happen in games . 
  oh well , it makes it easy to find them at the end game . 
  with alex jones as deputy . 
  this needs to be a thing . 
  i mean this is better than nothing but she 's still a liberal bitch , i do n't know why she did n't fact check ( as liberals always tell us conservatives and trump supporters to do ) before she said anything . 
  inb4 the media brings up more russia nothing burgers from totally legit anonymous sources, 
  i agree with you on tds , i say that as someone who plays a lot of tds . 
  there 's definitely more skill in other tank classes compared to both spgs and tds ( dependent on the td ) . 
  it 's just that i do n't like being deleted by something i could n't have fought back against even if i had seen it , whereas i have a ( slight sometimes ) chance of fighting back against a td if i see it and it does n't kill me or at least getting out of it 's line of fire . 
  i 'd probably add an artillery strike as a sort of thing that could be called in rather than a separate class . 
  plus there 's already tds in the game . 
  i 'd be happy with only one per game though , there 's not much worse than all three arty ganging up on one player . 
  i 'd like that ideally , just not sure if there are enough players . 
  in fact i 'm not sure many people would oppose it on principle , only because there are n't enough players to have it . 
  bring the tog ii * back on sale . 
  also limit of one arty per game . 
  + / - 1 matchmaking would be good but there needs to be more people playing for that to happen . 
  i 'm not actually sure , because i can see why artillery of some support is needed but the way it works now is just broken . 
  besides , the consumable i am thinking of would be a largely inaccurate barrage . 
  or just remove it from the game . 
  i really do n't know . 
  500mm of all round armour too please plus make it the fastest tank in the game, 
  [ maybe this one for tier 2 ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/tks ), 
  hey , arty is balanced . 
  just remember , arty prevents camping !, 
  bad teams are forever, 
  now let 's hope the rest of the republicans play along this time and help trump put the american people first . 
  i think you mean mcstain, 
  police in the uk ca n't catch muslim rape gangs but they can catch a girl for selling lemonade ... says a lot . 
  japanese . 
  if you `` do n't give a shit what people like '' , why did you ask what arty people like ? 
  just report them next time it happens . 
  someone pushed me out of cover , resulting in me being killed , so i sent a ticket to wg with a replay attached and let them deal with it . 
  better than getting a ban . 
  i hope that weapon is registered, 
  the reply they sent me says differently . 
  besides , better than team killing them . 
  even if they deserve it . 
  exactly . 
  amazing derp guns too . 
  i know the feeling , nz here . 
  feelsbadman . 
   what gives ? 
  that 's just the way mm works , and i would just grit my teeth and get used to it . 
  some days it 's fine , you get same tier , middle tier or top tier a lot , other days mm has it in for you and you get hit with constant bottom tier after bottom tier games . 
  if it starts to annoy you , just take a break for a bit , come back later , and hope mm decides it will be nice to you . 
  edit : i dunno why people are going to use the ~ ~ disagree ~ ~ downvote button but at least they could argue their point . 
  whenever i get long losing streaks i take a break and come back later . 
  better that than just raging out at the game , as much as i want to some times . 
  i like how he never has time to praise anything good trump does but he always seems to be one of the first to criticize him !, 
  the fbi can find tom brady 's jersey but they ca n't find evidence of russian interference in the election . 
  really makes you think ... 
  just goes to show that even though they may have a lot of money , they have a lot more money than they do sense . 
  obviously not diversity of opinions then !, 
  i thought she died after the election and now makes appearances via hologram . 
  i 'd ideally like + / -1 mm but not enough people play the game to make it viable . 
  some tanks can deal adequately with other tanks two tiers above them , others can not . 
  it just depends on the tank . 
  i always know it 's not going to be a fun game when there are a few skopions on the other team and i 'm in a tier 6 , for example . 
  literally this . 
  i mean everyone against + / -1 says there are n't enough people , but i 'd honestly prefer waiting longer than just getting stomped on repetitively game after game . 
  probably the only people who would be opposed to it are stat padders who would realize they 're not as good as they think they are . 
  plus you 're right again , the play style of a lot of tanks i play varies wildly depending on whether it 's top tier or bottom tier ( usually be aggressive for the former or being relegated to the back in the latter ) . 
  or whenever i see the other team has a skopion ( for example , there are others too ) , i just have to pray that it 's not going where i 'm going because i 'm as good as dead if it is . 
  i wait in the hope that it will one day come back on store . 
  i usually just take a break for an hour or so if the teams are aids , mm has it in for me or arty players seem to be obsessed with me . 
  not fun at all . 
  i end up taking a lot of one-hour breaks . 
  favourite tank is the at 2 ( i like the whole at line but i can only pick one ) or the amx 40 ( because quack ) , least favourite is the ikv 103 . 
  praise the snail !, 
  same here , caused me to lose the will to play that entire line .
