  i have 300 ping as well , rip fun, 
  at least it 's still somewhat playable . 
  i heard this cable breaks rather often . 
  damn , only ranked battles . 
  a limit of zero would be better . 
  artillery strike consumables would be a good alternative to arty, 
  first of all , i would n't mind how many i got hit by if it worked like how arty * actually * worked ( i.e a rather inaccurate barrage over a larger area ) and second of all i personally would n't make it work like every other consumable , there would be certain tanks that got it as well as ones that did n't and probably limited usage as well . 
  war thunder , for example , only gives it to mediums and lights . 
  i 'm not saying by any means that we should copy them , but that 's just an example of what can be done . 
  that game has a lot of faults but being crapped on for daring to play aggressively by people who ca n't hurt you all the time is n't one of them . 
  that 's an option . 
  but as much as i hate to admit it , * sometimes * arty apologists have a point about hull-down tanks ( emphasis on sometimes ) but that 's also a fault more with the maps sometimes . 
  i heard somewhere that sea will be getting it a week after it is released . 
  i could have misheard though . 
  not necessarily the russians or chinese , but available to certain classes of vehicles only , for example lights . 
  i do n't really think most tds should get access to it . 
  exactly , plus as long as it 's not laser accurate like a lot of arty seems to be now , i reckon it 's worth a shot . 
  maybe even some medium tanks could get it as well ( like the cromwell for example ) , but as long as we do n't have tds camping at the back with it because that 's only a few steps away from what arty does to the game . 
  wg probably wo n't do this but we can still dream . 
  shit players always come on in the weekend . 
  the amount of failed lemming trains and one sided matches is always going to be intolerable , i do n't play then for a reason . 
  a little while back , wg did a poll on what tank players wanted to have for the top of the tree special . 
  the grille 15 was leading , and wg removed it from consideration , saying they were n't sure about the future of the tank . 
  so who knows . 
  tog ii * , of course, 
  yeah , i definitely agree . 
  better to add tress with substance rather than just for the hell of it . 
  in fact , i know i 'll get downvoted for this , but i think gaijin should have added a french tree and fixed all the broken/op tanks at lower tiers before adding rank vi . 
  try not to play in the weekends as much for one , all the players of lesser skill play then . 
  also look at some strategic maps to make sure you 're going to the right place ( this one https://www.o7gaming.com/maps/ can be good ) . 
   i think they should give us finally an option to join a special queue without artillery . 
  this . 
  the main argument i hear against it is `` oh it will take forever for clickers to get into a match '' , which proves my point . 
  obviously , if it 's taking a while to get into a match for arty , it shows that very few people actually want to play with it . 
  getting damaged from something that you ca n't retaliate or fight back against is always going to have a degree of imbalance . 
  i know wows has carriers , which * can * be annoying , but the thing is , you can fight back against it with aas . 
  war thunder has planes , but you can fight back against them with spaa and even tanks sometimes . 
  i think you get my point - there is no effective way to counter arty in wot . 
  ** tl ; dr : ** a queue mode without artillery would show that nobody wants to play with clickers , you 're exactly right . 
  i knew i was n't the only one . 
  i hate playing at lower tiers because of those stupid autocannons , especially when they gold spam , so the only thing you can realistically do is free xp past those tiers , which is what i 'll be doing when the chinese tds come out as soon as 9.20 finally hits sea . 
  wg probably does n't view it as a problem since most players do n't spend long there , but it pisses me off to no end nevertheless . 
  i live in hope that wg will balance them one day but i somehow doubt that will happen . 
  who knows . 
  artillery is still broken , always has been and always will be . 
  nothing will change unless it 's removed from the game completely , there 's no way to balance indirect fire , especially if you ca n't fight back against it . 
  yeah it would n't surprise me . 
  or maybe wg thinks that it 's not relevant enough to do something about . 
  then again i still have to deal with gold spamming luchs at tier 5 but at least there is n't the pz . 
  any way they can get us to spend gold i guess . 
  tbh i thought i was bad with about 100 . 
  i just never use them because i 'm never sure if i can play for at least one hour straight ( or however long they go for ) uninterrupted to make the best use of them . 
  i 've almost done it with the ikv 103 , that thing has got to be the worst tier 5 td i 've ever played, 
  i just bought the allied bundle to get the tog ii * , the scorpion came with it . 
  i have n't played it and probably wo n't that often even when i get round to it , seems like a ue 57 at tier 7 . 
  they brought it back as part of a bundle on sea but i do n't think they 've sold it on its own for a while, 
  yeah , it 's kind of like `` oh hey , i heard you want a line of super accurate sniper tds ? 
  here , have this super inaccurate derp gun that 's wholly inaccurate for sniping ! '', 
  i reckon i might have to free xp it , it reminds me of how bad it is every time its played , by the time the shell lands at its intended place , the player you were aiming at is already in his next game . 
  okay not quite that bad but you get the idea . 
  i did consider saying it was the worst td in general , but then again it does have competition from the sau 40 and from what i 've heard a lot of the other french tds . 
  it was set up to be an spg anyway so yeah , it 's a td with all the disadvantages of an spg ( i.e long reload , no armour ) . 
  in a line of supposedly accurate sniper tds , you get this thing that lobs shells slower than my grandma throws a medicine ball . 
  really ? 
  i hate the ikv 103 for its accuracy , i thought they were more accurate . 
  i know they do n't get armour either but i 'm clearly grinding the wrong line if that bothers me so much . 
  oh yeah , i wo n't deny it 's absolutely amazing when it hits , i get more satisfaction out of that hitting than any other gun ( especially if it 's an annoying little light or a t67 ) , but it 's a pretty big * if * - it 's frustrating as hell when it misses at point blank like it 's done to me so many times . 
  i get that , but i 'd honestly prefer that to a derp gun with horrible gun handling like the ikv , i 've had better luck sniping with a kv2, 
  very to the point and very accurate regarding teams at tiers 5-7 , have an upvote . 
  i made the mistake of trying to learn from them and my god , never again . 
  the amount of failed lemming trains and one sided matches is insane , especially in the weekends . 
  i thought people would have learned how to play by then but evidently not . 
  yeah , i like derps too , in fact my favourite tier 5 tank is probably the kv-1s , but it 's just that i did n't grind the swedish td line for a derp , and not even a good one at that . 
  then again , i will never deny that it 's amazingly satisfying to remove most of someone 's health with the ikv , but i find those moments rather rare . 
  i think the ikv 65 depends on what people like - some will love it , others will not . 
  i have n't got it yet so i ca n't comment on it . 
  yeah , it 's great for punishing people with low situational awareness , but then as you said there 's better tanks for doing it , plus the pz . 
  ivh and jumbo have a better rate of fire as well as a turret , but still , it 's very satisfying when you see the shell hit something from a `` hail mary '' shot . 
  plus i heard that the ( send n ) udes is a reward for it , so who knows , i guess it depends what class of td you like . 
  yeah , the stun effect is literal cancer , especially when i 'm being perma-stunned by all the enemy arty . 
  just remove it and keep everything else as it is , the class will always be broken but removing stun and keeping it 's damage where it is now will probably get it closer to being bearable . 
  there 's chinese sky cancer now ? 
  ussr anthem earrape whenever i 'm in the kv2 or most russian heavies in general, 
  liberals are really grasping at straws here . 
  they claim trump is spending `` all his time '' on twitter when it takes the best part of half a minute at most to write a tweet , and now they go after a tweet from three years ago . 
  i sure as hell hope they 're not bringing back the wtf e100 , that thing was removed for a reason . 
  with regards to the grille 15 , a while back they had a top of the tree poll . 
  when the grille 15 emerged as the winner , wg removed it from the list of options , saying they were n't sure what the future of it would be , so who knows , they could be removing it . 
  whatever happens to it , i just hope the return of the wt e100 is not on the cards . 
  i really like the british at line , even the at8 is n't too bad . 
  they 're pretty underappreciated most of the time , but if you like heavily armored dpm monsters , give them a try . 
  although this does change when you get to the death star , which trades fast-firing dpm guns for , as the name suggests , an apocalyptic gun that can potentially one-shot a lot of other tanks if rng is nice to you . 
  get the tog ii * if it comes on sale again . 
  preferential matchmaking , lots of credit gains for a tier 6 , and of course dank memes . 
  in all seriousness , out of the choices you gave , i 'd probably choose the strv s1 . 
  i know people will say `` do n't get a tier 8 yet '' but you may as well learn how to play at higher tiers sooner rather than later . 
  a skorpion g may also be a good choice , but that one is also a good choice for making everyone in the enemy team hate you . 
  i looked up all of these people on twitter , it 's amazing how many have deleted the tweet or changed their name . 
  salt prices have come crashing down again . 
  keep posting these ... buzzfeed might buy it .
