  good point . 
  i live in nz so it 's probably more relevant , but who knows , there could be some people somewhere who are into that kind of thing there, 
  thanks !, 
  one of my favourites too , i just love the action, 
  i would hope so if they 're rolling out a scoped version, 
  those are the two issues . 
  saw one of them for sale in average condition for $ 750 , this was for $ 350 . 
  plus there 's the fact that you have to reload the ammunition, 
  now that 'd be fun . 
  i think that 's the both of us - i 've heard 30-06 has a bit of a kick but that 's part of the experience of firing the thing, 
  oh well , that 's unfortunate . 
  i guess instead you have civil war/revolutionary war reenactments which would be pretty fun , we only have boer , wwi and wwii with the occasional vietnam/malaya, 
  i am / u/hg2321 instead of vidarkek, 
  i would like to vote for myself , / u/hg2321 for temporary president and i will abstain for floor leader, 
  i guess wwii/civil war etc is the more common thing here ? 
  wwi is n't massively common either here , wwii is more common, 
  constitution party please, 
  nice !, 
  good to see another nzer on here, 
  my new ( to me ) [ subaru legacy 3.0 2005 ] ( http://i.imgur.com/xf6neey.jpg ) at the gas station after some heavy showers . 
  had to stand in the rain to take this but it was worth it !, 
  2005 subaru legacy 3.0 , just picked it up today . 
  only had time to have one drive of it so far ( aside from pre-purchase test drive ) but it was great !, 
  thanks , and welcome to you as well !, 
  i 've been in exactly the same boat , finally managed to become an official member too just yesterday . 
  i really like the feeling of being part of this club !, 
  cheers for pointing it out , already subbed !, 
  i never knew so many maps were like this , but the more you know ... 
  flaw : fuel economy ( not awful but it could be a hell of a lot better ) , people saying `` you 'll never need awd what 's the point '', 
  praise : great engine ( h6 ) , handling , awd means it feels like it 's glued to the road , looks, 
  bonus : not for the world . 
  thanks !, 
  luckily they arrived that way , i have a feeling it 'll become a habit keeping them clean, 
  better make her happy then !, 
  nice !, 
  and i like that money cooper analogy . 
  it 's scarily accurate . 
  i do n't think any colour goes as well with any car as this shade of blue on an impreza . 
  yep , that 's right !, 
  how 'd you know ? 
  i 've never actually been inside one , i presume it 's good so i should get round to trying it sometime . 
  thanks !, 
  this invite has expired though ... 
  i thought anye was going to let rump finish his wo erms and un in 024, 
  no , i would n't unfriend . 
  instead , i would say `` do you have a moment to talk about our lord and savior , horizontally opposed engines and symmetrical all wheel drive ? '', 
  sure , we need to bring as many as we can over to our cause !, 
  just as i was about to start actually enjoying and getting better at wot . 
  i wonder what was going through their heads when they thought of this one !, 
  i 'm in, 
  everyone says/said it sucks but it 's my favorite light and one of my favorite tanks overall . 
  they changed it after 9.19 ? 
  here i was thinking it was a lot closer to perfect than it had been before ... but oh no ... wg knows better . 
  not remove arty from the game . 
  ( joking , sort of ), 
  indeed , it 's only a lame duck if it 's bottom tiered, 
   1 ) arty does n't one shot you , it cripples you more frequently over and over again . 
  some people say this is better , but is it ? 
  is it more fun to be pounded over and over for 5 minutes instead of just sucking it up and moving on to the next game ? 
  the game may be more ` balanced ' but it 's actually less fun because of this . 
  i still get one shots from sky cancer all the time , and even if i did n't , it still always pisses me off to get clicked on by someone on the other side of the map whom i can not see , let alone do anything about most of the time . 
  desperately trying to stop myself going on a rant about arty here . 
  mining salt from enemies who ca n't pen me is pretty fun . 
  except when mm takes a dump on me , which is by and large most of the time . 
  no idea . 
  wg seems to love putting effort in to make things worse but never to make things better and actually fix the damn mm for one . 
  why have n't you taken sky cancer out of the game yet ? 
  all the ones that have been tried have n't been real socialism !, 
  it 'd be fine if i did n't have unbelievable streaks being at the bottom tier . 
  i 'm not asking to be top tiered all the time , but not having massively long streaks of bottom tier only broken by one or so middle or top tier matches would be nice . 
  definitely agree with most of these , especially number one . 
  as for those saying it would n't make profit being on steam , wot blitz is already there , as is war thunder and multiple other free to play games . 
  but the thing is all of this requires lots of work , something wg is clearly unwilling to do . 
  dunno why wg either does n't make actually discouraging punishments for team killing , remove arty from the game , or remove team damage . 
  any one of those would do . 
  i 'm surprised it 's not `` xaxaxaxa cyka blat report noob '', 
  do n't you mean `` brief summary of every nation apart from the ussr ? '', 
  i do n't recall saying they were, 
  holy crap it 's this bad ? 
  yeah the dems are right about gun control, 
   why is it that hillary clinton 's family and dems dealings with russia are not looked at, 
  remember , it 's only bad when trump does it !, 
  well , it 's just the left showing their tolerance of other beliefs again . 
  or lack thereof . 
  what 's this i hear about trump being a racist ? 
  how very * progressive * of them !, 
  they 've brought this dead horse out so many times ... 
  they lost it a long time ago . 
  most of the differences are up to the individual player to decide whether it is a pro or a con , but i will say one definite pro : no arty/spg/sky cancer in wt ( well , there * is * , but it 's not a separate unit in it 's own right , it 's just something that some tanks can call a few times on a particular spot ) rather than something that can delete players from the other side of the map , often at no danger to itself . 
  oh , just takei trying to be relevant again . 
  nothing to see here !, 
  i 'm not american but have an upvote, 
  overrated and overpriced . 
  but then again , anything that endorses liberal causes is probably overrated . 
  eize the eans of roduction !, 
  cheers ni a, 
  the good thing is that macron will most likely end up as another hollande and le pen will be waiting in 2022 . 
  ** pocahontas !!!, 
  what obstruction of justice ? 
  oh , yeah , the imaginary one .
