  we 've seen this before , liberals have n't learnt that you ca n't get support by calling a voter stupid , which will be their downfall . 
  someone 's not getting any more baguettes and escargots . 
  oh god , is ctr now protecting francois hollande ( hollandaise sauce ) from `` baseless '' attacks ? 
  yep , i 'm sure it pisses us all off the right amount . 
  50 % of my team is medics a lot of the time yet when i 'm down there 's nobody to heal me . 
  i wonder where they are !, 
  i do n't know , i 've never been to lichtenstein and i 'm not going to pretend i have , but for me multiculturalism simply means that the dominant culture has to move aside for others , which , as you say and i agree , i prefer assimilation . 
  they can assimilate or they can leave , simple as that . 
  i was commenting on how it 's exclusively a phenomenon found in countries with european culture , and the objection i have is importing people from countries that treat women like garbage and think gays should be killed into a country that prides itself on gay and women 's rights , if you tell those people they can keep their culture there 's obviously going to be an issue . 
  it 's good * in theory * but in real life it simply does n't work . 
  okay that 's pointless arguing that point , we 're not going to convince each other . 
  well theoretically it does if the majority of people there happen to be white . 
  sure , bring up the past , but i 'm talking about the present . 
  in my country the people of european descent are from a number of places , i for one have ancestry that traces back to multiple different countries , i do n't see people here of english descent coming to blows with people of irish descent , for example . 
  the media when a european storms a migrant camp like this : ** `` far right !, 
  far right !, 
  when a muslim migrant commits sexual assault etc : ** `` mentally ill !, 
  nothing to do with islam !, 
  the great meme war is n't over . 
  we won the british war of independence , the second american revolution and now we must win the battle of france . 
  do n't let up , memesmiths !, 
  okay , do n't let up , memesmiths !, 
  ** we must prepare for the battle of france !, 
  probably depends on the weapon they use . 
  most camper medics i find use the mondragon sniper . 
  i tried playing medic - it 's not really hard to revive players and throw bandages etc on the front line , i do n't know why some are so adverse to doing it . 
  yes , that annoys me * so * much . 
  if i could give that medic a piece of my mind they 'd get an earful , that 's for sure . 
  or when they die , you revive them , you die , and then they just walk away and ignore you . 
  that grinds my gears . 
  i get it if they 're trying to kill the person who killed me , but if they 're camping , for example , then they 've got no excuse . 
  i 'm not from france but i can see that the media has been painting the lie that le pen and the fn are nazis for as long as i can remember , there are a lot of leftists and biased media sites over there . 
  that 's not hard to be honest . 
  probably better if we do n't give this blithering idiot more airtime . 
  i * know * the government 's handling of immigration is stupid if the greens say it is . 
  but on a more serious note , the greens actually do have a point here , a rapidly increasing population would be bad for the environment they want to protect , unlike other green parties which favour open borders , the swedish greens are an example of this . 
  however it seems it 's not only national and labour that have been having a peek in winston 's idea box . 
  just as we see the end of a globalist trade deal , another comes along . 
  it 's like a damn hydra . 
  canada is mentioned and the first thing i see is someone saying `` i 'm sorry '', 
  i do n't think this opinion is massively unpopular in real life ( although granted it 's unpopular on reddit considering the majority of it is left wing ) , but i agree . 
  lots of men say this sort of thing in private , any man who says they 've never said anything they 'd be ashamed to say publicly is a damn liar . 
  furthermore there are more important issues facing the country than that . 
  well , something aboot that would do , eh ? 
  i honestly think her voice is the most annoying , shrill and cringeworthy on earth . 
  nothing even comes close . 
  `` the party was founded by a nazi supporter so everyone there is a racist nazi '' - leftist logic . 
  also i may be wrong , but i do n't think the ex-leader is even in the party any more . 
  so , of course there are * some * racists there , but they do n't speak for the entire party . 
  also i seem to remember fran\u00e7ois mitterrand was involved with a proto-fascist party . 
  furthermore the media perception is that everybody in the fn is a racist nazi . 
  that 's not true nor has it ever been . 
  it 's like me saying everyone who is in the communist party is an autistic retard who does n't understand economics . 
  that is n't true and neither is the media line that every fn member is a racist . 
  precisely , hence i do n't want their green party 's open borders policy repeated here , because it 'll end up a disaster . 
  well , that goes to prove my point . 
  if you listed to a lot of sjws they go on about how all men are sexist and they all say things like that in private , and i 'm like , yeah , women do n't ? 
  would n't surprise me . 
  it seems only a few weeks ago they were okay now they 're absolutely terrible . 
  i know right ? 
  right now it annoys me more than a lot of things in real life . 
  it 's probably the cause of at least 60 % of my deaths , medics camping at scout spots . 
  camping scouts are annoying but at least that 's sort of what they 're supposed to do , camping medics are worse however because they 're supposed to be following others around and healing their team mates . 
  i was thinking that too - or at least deprive them of their sniper assault rifles , or even better give them entirely different weapons . 
  especially considering assault rifles were n't that widespread in wwi . 
  same , my k/d ratio is much worse than being a scout , but the latter often is n't really fun unless you 're an aggressive scout , at which you get owned at short range by assault and support classes . 
  i 've only tried the cei-rigotti and mondragon ( new to medic ) . 
  on suez , for example , as medic , i usually am prone behind the sand dune and i heal people who die from behind that . 
  i think the medic weapons should be changed to allow better performance at close range and worse performance at long range , then they wo n't be able to camp as much . 
  that 's what i find to be one of the most annoying things in the whole game . 
  i thought i was the only one !, 
  i 'm not that good as a scout so i played medic , and i 'm better than i expected . 
  just depends on the map though . 
  i usually do well as a sniper on ballroom blitz and monte grappa but on argonne forest among others it 's the opposite . 
  the government likes immigration because it gives them more figures to tout about economic growth , that 's absolutely right . 
  we do n't * need * it to avoid economic collapse and we 're not racist for opposing mass numbers of it , so , as i said , the greens really do have a point here . 
  i 've been aware of rcep , so thanks for assuming i was n't . 
  i 'm not anti trade at all ( another assumption , you 're quite good at it ) - but we should n't sign trade deals if they 're not in our interest . 
  not wanting your country destroyed is xenophobic ? 
  wow , you looked at my profile . 
  i did n't expect you 'd be able to manage that actually , i thought it 'd be a bit high level for you . 
  well done . 
  obviously a deluge of people coming in is going to have a lot of negative impacts for their destination , maybe i exaggerated when i said `` destroyed '' , but in sweden 's case , a country that prides itself on gay rights and women 's rights , if they import hundreds of thousands of people who come from places where the belief that women belong to the man and gays should be punished is the norm , that 's obviously going to have a lot of negative impacts . 
  alright , my view on donald trump , marine le pen and medics in battlefield one is relevant to this topic on trade , i get it . 
  you assumed wrong - a reactionary is someone who wants to return to `` the way things were '' - i 'm against immigration from certain places because that will result in importing people who favour going back to `` the way things were '' - when women were treated like garbage and gays were killed for being gay . 
  i do n't want to go back to that . 
  as with trade , i 've gone over that already , trade is good if it 's in the national interest . 
  if it 's not , then i 'm against it . 
  conspiracy theorist ? 
  do n't make me laugh . 
  anti evidence ? 
  i 'm not a leftist , so no . 
  i see the world for what it is , not what i want it to be . 
  i do n't see why i have to justify my political position to you but i 'll do it anyway - i 'm a conservative , not a reactionary . 
  but again , i do n't know how what i 've said about topics unrelated to this can make their way into here . 
  yep , a shotgun would virtually force medics on to the front line and that would go a long way to helping them do their job , which they ca n't do from the edge of the map . 
  i noticed the same , someone else mentioned that until recently there was a medics medal available , maybe it 's got something to do with that . 
  i barely noticed anything . 
  the only way i did was because it was mentioned here . 
  it 's even worse when there are medics there because they should be , i dunno , doing what their class title implies .
