  one sub for each self diagnosed mental disorder ? 
  if so , that would n't be nearly enough, 
  what sort of alien life form is that !, 
  well i think someone in a deep red state who wants to keep their seat has to try and be constructive , good on this guy for doing that, 
  because liberals and democrats want to destroy everything that made america great in the first place . 
  in fact , i know this because the left everywhere wants to dismantle the very foundations that made the west great, 
  perfect speeches do n't exi -, 
  whenever i see this kind of shit i can always imagine soros rubbing his hands together somewhere . 
  nothing really makes me as angry as unpatriotic jokes like this . 
  does n't matter - last time i heard he was n't in the abs, 
  exactly . 
  so unless he cheats in that ... 
  that feeling when you ca n't be one because i live somewhere else and to my knowledge it 's not available here ... 
  feels bad man, 
  oh well , life goes on !, 
  i just live in hope that it will arrive on my shores someday . 
  good luck with yours now you have it , though !, 
  very sad indeed :( but that 's life . 
  i guess for both of us all we can do is hope that one day it does . 
  hey mate , does your wife have any sisters ? 
  i feel your pain . 
  where i live ( nz ) it 's literally four seasons in a day pretty much every season !, 
  haha , i guess i got ta find myself a wife that also gets subaru 's for birthdays then !, 
  that 's a hate symbol reeeeee, 
  they 've only just realised that now ? 
  could i join the republicans , please ? 
  i 'm a friend of awesomeness, 
  hmmm ... close enough i reckon, 
  i never knew cartoons could be so accurate ... 
  ... they hatin ', 
  razer orange because everyone keeps saying how loud my keyboard typing/gaming is and this one is apparently silent , so why not ... 
  why are there so many subaru 's in co ? 
  might have to move there, 
  perfect states do n't exi -, 
  well , if i ever move to the us , i know where i 'm going . 
  there 's enough of them here though , at least, 
  hi all , just bought wildlands for ps4 and the game install is stuck at 19 % . 
  any clues what could be behind this ? 
  thanks in advance !, 
  wish i had a wife, 
  `` hurr durr these need to die , we do n't have an argument in response so we 're just gon na brush it under the carpet '', 
  i do n't agree with her on abortion , in fact i disagree entirely with what she said , but if we * do * throw her to the wolves and disown her over such a thing then in reality we 're no better than the liberals . 
  i thought something like this would be common sense ... 
  but then i realised liberals exist . 
  first female president !, 
  i was hoping a carcano would be coming , cool to see an item from my collection in there . 
  it 's funny indeed . 
  i do n't think there are many terrorist attacks in tokyo , mexico city , shanghai , buenos aires and the list goes on ... 
  i wonder if there 's any sort of coincidence with these cities . 
  also can i mention , all of those mentioned are larger than london . 
  plus jizya . 
  plus cis tax . 
  plus man tax . 
  plus white tax . 
  no subaru yet unfortunately . 
  but i 'm looking at an impreza rs . 
  thanks man , and same to you, 
  does that thing have a turbo ? 
  i 'm hoping they will add belgium sometime, 
  that 's a french tank ... 
  should n't it be going in reverse ? 
  martini enfield carbine , re-chambered into .303 from .577 / 450, 
  in this enclosure we have the liberal, 
  do n't mind me , just dropping by to see if there are any rare pepes i can steal . 
  ** p o c a h o n t a s !, 
  tfw trump is not your president, 
  feels bad man, 
  thanks !, 
  saw it and thought of bf1, 
  for sure !, 
  someone had one of these at a boer war reenactment i was in , could distinctly hear it from the other side of the field followed by a lot of smoke , i hope this one is safe to fire . 
  if not , then i guess i can go back to firing it in bf1 . 
  thank you !, 
  and good job !, 
  still trying to get used to using the thing in game, 
  from observations , it can also be concluded that their staple diet consists of tendies . 
  furthermore , their weight is often above the 200kg range , and their lack of a social life is clear . 
  great , i 'll definitely try that , i feel that i was n't previously using it right . 
  thanks again !, 
  also have n't used the trench periscope , probably a silly mistake there, 
  no problem , we all forget sometimes . 
  i found a graph of it somewhere , and you 're right , it 's 30-80m , i would usually be aggressive with it and i guess that 's not what it 's best at doing, 
  well , you * can * , but there are definitely better weapons for that purpose, 
  have n't got they shall not pass yet but that will be something to try !, 
  looks like i 'll * have * to try it then ... 
  i guess it 's not exactly accurate considering the chauchat 's reputation , but this is just a game after all . 
  wonder if it beats the hellriegel ... 
  good question . 
  it 's nz marked so i guess it 's the never-seen-before `` artillery carbine '' skin . 
  either way , this gun is op, 
  i had n't heard of it until i joined another reenactment group and found out about them through that . 
  if there are n't any where you live , who says you ca n't start one ? 
  most of them start with someone kitting up as that then everybody else copies them . 
  either way , if you find one , they 're definitely worth seeing !, 
  it 's originally intended for black powder .303 but according to wikipedia it should be strong enough to fire modern .303 ( unless it 's a khyber pass copy ) , but , as always , it 's best to get them checked . 
  firing one with .577 would be an experience though, 
  you are welcome !, 
  they probably depend on how relevant the boer war was/is to that country , i only know of units in new zealand ( where i live ) and south africa , but who knows , there could be one out there, 
  two very nice firearms indeed , nice pickups !, 
  sadly m1903s are n't common here but they 're definitely a great gun , i 've heard 30-06 is good for hunting as well,
