  this is the real world , get used to it . 
  i do n't get it , what they do at college campuses with safe spaces and attempting to suppress free speech is just stupid . 
  if they ca n't handle free speech they should still be moping around at home , protected from the outside world . 
  suck it up , people have differing opinions !, 
  that is what is required for a democratic society !, 
  i agree . 
  the argument `` we need them because the natives are lazy '' , to me seems just generalising , stupid and lazy . 
  it also feels like the government is using it where i live to cover up for their failures to educate people to find jobs . 
  what is that ? 
  imagine the media shitstorm if donald trump did this !, 
  i 've figured it out . 
  hillary only wants amnesty for 11 million illegals , not because she actually cares ( she does n't give a damn about anyone , we all know that ) but they 'll give her votes . 
  all she cares about is votes . 
  she does n't care about latinos , to her , they 're one thing and one thing only : votes . 
  shit , i did n't realise that ... well then again that proves our point . 
  she 's trying to ensure that not only does she win , but democrats keep winning . 
  pretty much . 
  if they can vote for her , crooked hillary likes them . 
  i do n't really mind how it 's done so long as it does n't result in ridiculous increases in tax , it can be done slowly , but what matters is that it gets done . 
  yep , could n't have said it better myself . 
  they did it both to do that and to appease the media so they would n't do what they 're doing to trump . 
  in short they 're a bunch of pussies . 
  good on the tea party for standing up for principle . 
  for sure . 
  judging by what she said about blacks needing to be brought to heel , she probably does n't even like them , but she lies , saying she does , because they 've got the ability to vote for her . 
  should she get elected , she 'll do nothing for them , then go round asking for their vote in four years time . 
  also with regard to her and blacks , we all know how badly haiti got screwed over by her and her `` foundation '' . 
  i like to say `` democratic '' party . 
  furthermore to elaborate on your point , to my knowledge , there is still no concrete proof that the russians were actually behind the hacks or trying to influence the election , but saudi donating to a candidate 's `` foundation '' , nothing dodgy , right ? 
  basically the media is prepared to sink their already shitty reputation for bias in order to ensure their candidate wins , but they do n't realise it 's working against them by being overly biased against trump and for the `` democratic '' party . 
  even here the media portrays trump as some kind of hitler but it 's all a load of bullshit and a lot of people here know it . 
  pretty much . 
  that 's why a lot of `` republicans '' also support/supported amnesty . 
  damn , you really did get screwed over . 
  you better take it back to the store and demand a refund as well as compensation . 
  i feel for you , man . 
  exactly . 
  free tuition ? 
  debt free college ? 
  come back and tell me when it happens . 
  people who believe the mainstream media will obviously think she 's legit , but they 're in for a big shock . 
  on a side note , i 've still yet to meet a hillary supporter who is supporting her for a reason that is n't her not being trump . 
  she knows how to say good things , i 'll give her that , but delivering is another matter . 
  of course . 
  we all remember the `` taco bowl '' thing , it was n't from her , but it 's the dnc that 's trying to pander to latinos as a whole , and that just shows what they really think . 
  if a tape of her saying the n word or any other racist slur the msm would ignore that , too . 
  that 's an understatement . 
  it 'd be a constant media shitstorm followed by the `` tolerant '' left doing what they do best . 
  but because clinton is a democrat and a woman , she gets a free ride . 
  typical !, 
  the `` tolerant '' left at it again , as usual . 
  `` say what you want , and you 're free to protest , as long as you agree with our point of view '' . 
  i just want to see the same commies have a meltdown when trump wins . 
  because , yes , you 're right , all politicians do it to an extent , but she 's the worst case i 've seen by a mile . 
  that 's why i 'm criticising her specifically . 
  loyalty is also something that she has no idea of . 
  she 'll garner their votes , do absolutely nothing for them in office , then next election run around for their votes again , democrats have done that for decades . 
  we know what she actually thinks of minorities , so it 's obvious she has no respect for them at all . 
  well , that goes back to the simple fact that she 's been around in this for 30 years . 
  if she wants to change everything , why did n't she do it 30 years ago ? 
  she wants to go to war , promising she wo n't `` add a penny to the debt '' ... and you 're right there too potentially , either way she wants to use them for something . 
  `` insane greed '' are basically the two words i would use to classify her . 
  he 's already been president and he 's not running , but yes , he 's hardly much better . 
  the whole establishment is n't a big deal better . 
  for a while , but i saw the opportunity to comment that i figured it out on this thread because it 's relevant to my point . 
  exactly . 
  not only london 's muslim mayor , but left wing parties in western europe ( look at sweden and their social democrats , for example ) , they import millions of immigrants and give them voting rights in the hope that they 'll vote for them , without even giving a thought as to the consequences of such a scheme . 
  i know i 'm not american , but you all have a unique opportunity to take your country back and put ** america first !, 
  no , he 's not a career politician like the rest of them . 
  that 's why the rinos refuse to back him , they do n't give a damn what he said 11 years ago , it 's just an excuse . 
  trump 's love of money ? 
  never mind he 's self funded a lot to his campaign . 
  and no , it 's not , considering if hillary wins war with russia is a distinct possibility . 
  if you do n't like trump , i must ask , why are you here ? 
  i thought there was a hillary subreddit . 
  as tempting as it is , i do n't go there expressing my opposition to her . 
  i guess there is n't much going on there these days ? 
  haha , thanks :d well , we have issues with leftist sellouts here too , so that 's why i say that trump must win to put america first and foremost !, 
  opportunities like this do n't come around often , that 's for sure . 
  well , i would be honored  these pc crybabies are everywhere sadly , we ca n't let them put a crooked globalist sellout in there . 
  and yes , of course i 'd come legally haha , what initially drew me to trump was his opposition to illegal immigration , them and their anchor babies * really * piss me off , so i would n't mimic them , that 's for sure . 
  thanks , appreciate it  haha , well that gives me an edge over all those illegals xd , we shall see , it all hangs on a trump victory . 
  what i 'm hoping is that if he wins it 'll inspire trump-like figures to pop up all over the west . 
  i 'm getting really damn sick of someone ( or me ) being referred to as a `` racist '' , `` xenophobe '' or being compared to donald trump . 
  those are just used mostly by people who actually ca n't create a credible argument , instead , some are under the impression that shouting racist over and over constitutes a valid argument . 
  like that article says , i 'm not saying we need to put the `` we 're full '' sign up just yet but there 's a limit to everything , and like everything else , it should n't be a taboo to discuss immigration . 
  the reason they have all the problems they do in countries like sweden with integration is because the elites effectively silenced any form of discussion on the topic , branding it racist . 
  i do n't want nz to end up like that . 
  but who cares !, 
  john key says the economy is doing well !, 
  thank you john key !!!, 
  i think this is something that a great deal of people love to do , but only a tiny portion of those who do are prepared to admit to it . 
  i think a lot of people do n't know that there 's no such thing as a free lunch . 
  proponents of free college always point to the nordic countries but little do they know , they have punitive rates of taxation and you still have to pay for the equipment , so just because the tuition is free that does n't mean it 's actually 100 % free . 
  it 's not . 
  i do that - i may have said this before but even if 100 % of migrants were coming from europe at this number , believe it or not , i 'd still have a problem with it , because of the effect on the standard of living , infrastructure and so on . 
  so , yes , i agree with you , i do n't really care where they come from . 
  why is n't woodhouse doing his job ? 
  i keep hearing about the immigration laws being exploited . 
  simple - either they 're not tough enough or not properly enforced .
