  all the people who say it 's good say `` oh it does 300 damage '' . 
  it does , * if * it hits and that 's a pretty big `` if '', 
  surprisingly it was n't bad , well it was n't amazing but i 've driven far worse tanks . 
  the only problem is it 's speed and cupola weakspots as well as people constantly gold spamming but if it bothered me that much i 'm clearly grinding the wrong line . 
  yeah , i love them all too , i 've never gotten why it gets so much hate . 
  i mean they 're not to everyone 's taste , sure , but they 're far from the worst td line in the game, 
  well , i can see that 285 people do not know how the downvote button is to be used . 
  have n't they got jobs to be doing ? 
  edit : oh i forgot , they 're antifa , or course they do n't . 
  well , true , there 's the ikv 103 , sav m/43 , somua sau 40 , t-28 , t-28e with f-30 , yeah it is pretty short :d but i do n't get all the hate towards the at8 , does n't seem * that * bad , but then again everybody has their own taste . 
  it 's fine if you 're playing against tomatoes who do n't know where they are, 
   nothing like going `` f % $ it !, 
  i 'm driving straight towards the enemy 's guns ! '', 
  literally this !, 
  there are n't many tanks you can charge a full health jadgpanzer iv in and receiving minimal ( if any ) damage while sending the driver back to the garage . 
  wargaming should add a `` compliment '' button like they have on wows . 
  not sure it 'll get much use but i play with people worthy of it once in a while . 
  oh yeah , i 've felt the same , though i just got the at7 . 
  you can have some absolutely amazing games ( i 've made over a thousand xp on a defeat ) but you can also have so many horrible games , for me , if i 'm top tier , i play aggressively , but if i 'm bottom tier , i hang back and play a little more like a normal td . 
  i guess lots of people just do n't know how to make it shine . 
  definitely one of the most friendly reddit communities i 've been in , i 'd been in a little bit of a hiatus from the fps genre for a while after the sheer number of futuristic shooters ( the first few were okay ) . 
  bf1 is what brought me back and it 's good to be able to discuss it with like minded people . 
  the tog ii *, 
  it 's still always going to be a pain but i think it 's in probably a good a place as it 's ever been , not that it 's great . 
  still annoying as hell and pure cancer , just less so than before . 
  i still do n't get how arty can see a tree falling over from the other side of the map . 
  totally balanced . 
  and i 've been in a game where everybody was camping nobody would move forward on either team out of fear of being crapped on by arty , which is kinda funny since arty is supposed to prevent camping . 
  it has it 's uses , sure , but at the end of the day indirect fire is always going to be a broken mechanic in a pvp game . 
  tog ii * , the power of dank memes will prevail, 
  inb4 the parties switched ... oh i 'm too late, 
  inb4 dems call for him to be impeached because he did n't use glasses, 
  it 's really funny , all of the `` communists '' i know today have never lived under it . 
  that 's kinda why i wish we had time travel , they can all go back to the soviet union and see how wonderful it was . 
  all of the people i know who lived under it do n't seem to think it 's so wonderful ... 
  i wonder why that is . 
  why the hell does politics matter to a business ? 
  if i was a business owner i would n't tell anybody to take their business somewhere else ... whatever their political beliefs , i want their money, 
  only goes to show that the left is out of touch on so many levels that it 's hard to believe, 
  someone said they 'd report me for being a bot so i guess that rules me out then / s, 
  i just hope there 's enough players . 
  i live in new zealand and i would definitely transfer , i do n't want this to sound wrong but i 'm not entirely fond of the player base on sea , our own server would be cool . 
  i think bf1 has an oceania server but then again more people play that . 
   you will develop nothing but contempt for the main asia server player base . 
  just mindless birdbrains for the most part . 
  literally this . 
  i thought i was the only one !, 
  i do n't profess to be a unicum by any standards , but some of these players ... 
  i do not have words . 
  i do n't know why they do n't have a system where players are weighted depending on how many bottom tier games they 've had , for example , a player will get at least a same tier or middle tier game if they 've had a certain number of consecutive bottom tier games . 
  i can handle a few bottom tier games but having consistent bottom tier after bottom tier games just saps my will to play the game at all , and that 's the reason why a lot of people i have introduced to the game have quit . 
   any comments on what those tiers are like in sea ? 
  as a whole most of the player base is pretty bad on sea . 
  most players ca n't even carry their own weight let alone carry a game , even at higher tiers . 
  the losing streaks are insane , but at least from what i can see here i 'm not the only one . 
  yeah , i mean in the middle of the day when i play , there are sometimes as few as 1,000 players online ( which i presume are mostly aussies or kiwis ) , i can still often get a match , just takes up to 20 seconds sometimes and if we get decent teams then i could deal with that . 
  i do n't have a problem with losing a few matches , but losing about ten in a row in successive landslides is absolutely beyond the pale . 
  you 're probably right , but if wg is asking us about it , at least they 're thinking about it so who knows . 
  i think dispersion maybe is n't a perfect mechanic but i 'd prefer that to getting one shotted by russian tanks all the time . 
  murazor said it was n't and i sure as hell hope he 's telling the truth . 
  tier 8 games against tier 10s is no fun as it is , bringing that back would only make it worse . 
  i do n't get it to be honest , i hate arty ( as my flair and previous comments show - enough said about that ) but what is team killing arty going to do ? 
  as much as i think they deserve it sometimes for playing such a cancerous and game-breaking class , it 's not going to contribute anything or help anybody except the enemy team . 
  focus on killing the enemy sky cancer instead . 
  free xp the t-28 if you have an experience as bad as mine with it . 
  i dunno about anyone else , but i found that thing absolutely horrid . 
  no armor plus it 's the size of a barn with horrible camo , i do n't mind any of those features on their own provided there are good things to balance them out , but the t-28 does n't really have that apart from a decent selection of guns . 
  nice !, 
  i really like that gun ... me using it in bf1 spurred me on to getting one in real life . 
  i now have four . 
  inb4 they nerf the hellriegel ( again ) because it 's too popular, 
  i 've heard that , though i 've been in games where there was arty and that happened anyway - it really depends on the arty players , which i personally think is unfair because i do n't think * anybody * should be able to wield that much influence over a game . 
  i already said decent selection of guns , i will give it that . 
  it 's mobility * would * be good if it was n't the size of a barn and did n't face tanks that could easily one shot it ( i.e kv2 ) . 
  thanks !, 
  they 're not incredibly common but there is n't much demand for them at all where i live , the long rifles are about $ 600 while the carbines are sometimes as low as $ 300, 
  i tried but i was n't really that keen on the line anyway , especially when i got to the arl v39, 
  fighting fascism ... using the same techniques used by fascists . 
  right . 
  not for us here on sea . 
  during the day , most of the aussies and kiwis are on - often less than 5,000 , not too bad . 
  then , in the evening , the asians come out - i know this is because there 's lots of them but there are many tomatoes resulting in a lot of failed lemming trains and one-sided matches . 
  i only play during the day for a reason . 
  then again that 's only because of my timezone . 
  i 'd say it 's good , maybe borderline op , but at least it 's not the laser cannon it was when the game first came out . 
  i would n't want it to get nerfed to oblivion to the point where it becomes useless . 
   you at least have the privilege of playing with/against people with some level of intelligence on na . 
  this . 
  i do n't know what it is with teams on sea for both wot and wows but it 's a real struggle to raise my wr and enjoy grinds . 
  i do n't profess to be an amazing player but for some of these teams , there are no words . 
  i 'd support that . 
  honestly , for all the people complaining , the op never said it would be permanent . 
  i personally think it 'd just be interesting to see if it * would * work and to see if it 's true that there are n't enough players to make it happen . 
  if there are n't , then we can stop going on about it and move on , although in all honestly i would prefer to wait longer if it meant i did n't get crapped on by ships two tiers higher than me all the time . 
  i hate the exp but the speed nerf was probably too much . 
  i can agree that the 10cm gun had to go - it was way too effective , but nerfing the speed was unnecessary . 
  i know it 's getting more armour , but that does n't matter if everyone slings gold at it - which they do ** every single time **, 
  it 's truly amazing that he can achieve so much despite so much bad press and opposition , even from his own party . 
  i expect to see the dems and the liberal media criticizing high economic growth any minute now . 
  nz here , affects us too .
