  right . 
  * there 's , * difference , * you, 
  well , if you 're going to criticise someone for incorrect grammar , you should at least make sure that your own backyard is in order first . 
  not sure , i was just going off of this https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/french_presidential_election,_2017 which says the next is due in 2022 barring any exceptional circumstances, 
  karl marx is nothing compared to this man . 
  a true great . 
  well , he claims terrorism is part and parcel of living in a big city ... how many terrorist attacks do you hear about in tokyo , sao paulo , warsaw and mexico city , to name a few ? 
  that 's normal for me in nz , feelsbadman, 
  i really hate to think . 
  but no matter how bad it will be , all i can hope for is that it will wake the frogs up . 
  exactly , although le pen may have lost , she did almost double as well as her father did , and you know , you got ta start somewhere, 
  my thoughts exactly . 
  it may take a long time but i 'll be happy if it happens , not when it happens . 
  the french had a term of hollande and now they 've got baby hollande so we will see what happens . 
  le pen will be waiting in a few years time , i am sure of it . 
  i definitely agree with you on arty . 
  as a general rule i do n't agree with there being a class ( on pvp games , i feel the same way about carriers in wows ) that exists only for the purpose of deleting people from the other side of the map and at no danger to themselves . 
  plus they take only a minimal level of skill compared to other classes . 
  i 'll probably think about stopping after my premium account runs out . 
  agreed . 
  make it a limit of one per game , or even better , remove it from the game entirely . 
  i see some people suggest that there should be an option to play matches without spgs , then people spring to the defensive and say `` if there was that option nobody would want to play with arty '' , yeah , well , i think that just about proves my point . 
  it 's not fun to play as , with , or against . 
  that 's purely a matter of opinion . 
  some may find sitting on the other side of the map and using very little skill to click on tanks who ca n't harm you fun , but i do n't . 
  as i said , i 'd be interested to see how long the waiting times are for clickers if you can tick a box to not play with them . 
  quite a long time is my guess . 
  i hate the lefh18b2 and all arty in general in wot , but surely wishing for their death is a bit extreme ? 
  just been killed by one now actually . 
  cancer in it 's most extreme form . 
  good point . 
  inb4 dems call for merrick garland to be appointed, 
  what 's the matter barry ? 
  have n't got anything else better to do ? 
  oh , of course you have n't . 
  you 're a democrat . 
  salt prices hit an all new low !, 
  i 'm willing to guess that the grammar that this person uses ( or lack thereof ) is indicative of their intelligence level . 
  i used to like depp ... 
  i really did . 
  but he 's just a liberal piece of shit like a lot of other virtue signalling hollywood celebrities out there . 
  but ... it 's the current year !, 
  and i should be surprised ? 
  this is almost funny . 
  but then i realise that there are people who are actually this dumb . 
  i used to not believe russian bias ... 
  i really did n't believe it, 
  wice was not enough, 
  deal with it ni a, 
  no objection from me , anyone who says it was pretty much like apartheid does n't know what they 're talking about ( besides , it 's worse than zimbabwe now ? 
  i do n't think so ) . 
  either way , there 's already an earlier rhodesian roundel already in game so i really do n't have an issue with this, 
   what in your opinion , is wrong with the game ? 
  spgs, 
  gaijin pls bring po2 back, 
  when i used to play it on ps4 i think it and the os2u were still there . 
  as expected i am kicking myself for not grabbing both nowadays . 
  it has ascended . 
  i can assure you , when halloween comes , the real russian bias will come out !, 
  literally this . 
  premiums are cool but so is not having a broken game . 
  in my humble opinion , she needs to ask that doctor for a refund . 
  she played with fire and got burned , then tries to play the victim . 
  sad !, 
  tired of winning yet ? 
  thought not !, 
  we never get tired !, 
  good to see the democratic party is n't completely rotten , it still has some people who care about the american people . 
  i got ta say , that 's a few more than i expected . 
  sanity prevails, 
  rino patrol where you at, 
  or that . 
  either way , we know it 's not the working man 's party anymore, 
  damn right ni a , do n't forget the urricane, 
  now that 's why i keep to plane battles, 
  i think you mean bias-6, 
  at least trump 's campaign and presidency showed me one thing ; it showed me that the mainstream media is nothing more than a bunch of lying animals . 
  keep spreading this , pedes . 
  buzzfeed might think it 's real like they did for the draft our daughters thing, 
  it 'd be kinda funny to see how the `` democratic '' vote collapses if id laws are introduced . 
  i tend to agree , air battles are a lot of fun , but ground battles are much less so . 
  i play british tanks ( so it 's like eating wire cutters ) and no matter what i do , there 's no way to make it any fun . 
  plus russian bias is much more noticeable in ground battles than air battles . 
  thanks , and same to you !, 
  i 'm sometimes the only one with a british tank in my side or in the whole match ... wonder why that is !, 
  ( plus because of where i live my ping is never under 200 ), 
  yeah i tend to think the same way , not sure why . 
  maybe air battles are just inherently more fun ? 
  but then again i guess it depends on the individual . 
  same here , i just use wot to play tanks and play the italian tree in wt , i feel ( from the point of view of the user , not the victim ) that a lot of their planes are pretty good , like the c. 202ec ( ca n't say op else gaijin will nerf it ) . 
  kinda sad really but hopefully gaijin will fix the british trees one day . 
  precisely , in ground battles most tanks have a set role and a set place ( some people like that , i get it ) , but planes just do n't have that and it allows more diversification in my view . 
  for me with british tanks it went as follows :, 
  1 ) get into position, 
  2 ) get one shotted by another tank, 
  4 ) repeat, 
  too true , feels bad man . 
  also add ( after `` unable to reverse into cover '' ), 
  1.6 - get one shotted by [ insert russian tank here ], 
  1.7 - get told that there is no russian bias because the tank you 're complaining about has a microscopic weak spot,
