all german police cars should become green again . 
  they are n't ? 
  bavarian here . 
  yeah but you can basically predict 90 % of all comments on reddit as soon as you see the title of the thread ... 
  i 'm from bavaria and i 've had ` ethics classes ' since grundschule . 
  at the gymnasium i went to you could also freely choose between catholic , protestant and ethics lessons , but maybe it 's just different here . 
  only if victory is a realistic option . 
  the difference is that humans can choose not to give a shit . 
  and that 's a part of nature too . 
  really ? 
  an appeal to nature ? 
  well i 'd be an illegal immigrant so who cares ? 
  it 's a dank meme smiley , i use it to unironically shitpost . 
  your home is worth nothing if you die . 
  no , we evolved to procreate . 
  it does n't matter how many of your children are killed if you survive and produce more than that :\\ ^ ), 
  and if it did i would flee as well . 
  so do you agree with op ? 
  is an immigrant who is productive , hard working and embraces your culture british then ? 
  just a side note , it 's ` her ' not ` here ' . 
  sorry , but i ca n't stop being a grammar nazi . 
  whoah , those things look amazing . 
  well i am bavarian and have no idea either . 
  those funny austrians and their unintelligible version of bavarian . 
  you calling us insolvent and irresponsible , ruskie ? 
  i like my money the way it is . 
  for some reason i always thought turkey was much bigger . 
  fuck , i never realised turkey is that small . 
  :( i thought it was time for reich again . 
  * must resist urge to invade belgium *, 
  [ remove kebab ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sxuu3zncvmi ), 
  i get that , it 's just that flow of reading is one of the things i would say are , well , unimportant . 
  you just sound butthurt , like you 're personally offended . 
  i wui 'd schoiplattn ned kaffn , wei de is zakratzt . 
  no , it only puts idiots who care about mundane stuff like that into a bad mood . 
  i 've never seen anyone who actually says `` deutscht\u00fcrke '' in a casual conversation , it 's just `` t\u00fcrke '' . 
  it seems that one of the few countries to do the whole immigration thing right ( or at least their cultural approach to it ) is the usa . 
  yeah , the printing press was pretty awful too . 
  not for us germans with res . 
  why did they stop doing them ? 
  well , who is n't ? 
  why ? 
  red gscheids deitsch kruzifix !, 
  nice try denmark , the name is flensburg . 
  * with that translation are you on the woodway though . 
  coincidently i 'm going to visit poland in a few weeks , i 'm pretty excited already !, 
  when i made the comment i actually thought about your lost colonies . 
  new amsterdam , south africa , goddammit , you even gave australia up !, 
  i 'm still young ( maybe also a bit naive ) and the things i want from life will probably change over the years , right now it 's simply the first thing that comes to my mind when this question is asked . 
  i do n't know where to go to or when , but i just have this feeling that i do n't want to stay and live in germany . 
  no rational thought behind it . 
  i want to move to another country and have kids there . 
  well the dutch are n't really an ideal example if you want to keep that sweet lebensraum for more than a few decades . 
  you fool !, 
  do you want to be cursed by their gypsy magic, 
  das video war pure nostalgie . 
  i always thought that obama ca n't really do anything big because of the divided government . 
  is n't a president nearly powerless without a majority in the house of representatives ? 
  b u r n u r n, 
  the weimar republic was doomed from the beginning , the majority of the population did n't even want the republic . 
  a democracy without democrats is destined to fail . 
  wehrhafte demokratie bitches !, 
  it 's probably not going to happen , but it would be awesome . 
  seems similar to me . 
  why do you think there 's a difference ? 
  born too early to explore the universe , but just in time to watch videos of crazy russians climbing chinese skyscrapers . 
  do you have a source for that ? 
  never heard about it . 
  i 'm also surprised that germany is so high on that list . 
  we should do cool parades like that too !, 
  yep , i do n't really like the afd ( the german equivalent to ukip ) , but it 's kind of unfair to not let them into the parliament with 4.7 % of votes . 
  our system combines proportional representation with the ability to vote for a regional candidate . 
  the only downside i see is the 5 % treshold . 
  as a german i think our system ( mixed-member proportional representation ) is pretty good , we just need to cut the 5 % election treshold . 
  3 % would be better . 
  they will rule the glorious atlantic-pacific confederacy . 
  absolutely awesome , i hope we 'll do it here in bavaria too . 
  no idea , but why should you decide that for someone else ? 
  not any worse than farming animals for meat . 
  a few dozen bulls really do n't matter in the grand scheme of things . 
  what does it say ? 
  polandball is just krautchan manga, 
  and we own up to our mistakes and horrible past . 
  yes , he 's joking . 
  the uk fucked the region up in the first place . 
  read his comment again . 
  no worries , it was obvious to me as well and having to add / s on reddit is a development i really dislike . 
  but it also makes you think , people on here are regularly writing opinions horrible enough to make the casual disregard of millions of lives seem like something a person on this sub would do without any sarcasm . 
  if we go down you can bet your ass the rest of europe ( including you ) will go down the shitter too . 
  pls, 
  and not a single reply calling you edgy . 
  god bless europe . 
  eh , if you do n't want to be called right wing , do n't spread bullshit like climate change denialism or use buzzwords like gender mainstreaming in your official party programme . 
  i wan na see the evidence . 
  gib sources pls . 
  be prepared for the `` so brave '' 's, 
  do n't understand the ossis , i mean they have the least refugees anyways . 
  we can make it if we move fast enough, 
  search for verhofstadt on reddit and you 'll see why . 
  just two weeks ago he argued for a european army for example .
