  do we fight at all , or do we just give some of them weapons to fight the others ? 
  the us was not so succesful with establishing democracy and bringing peace to regions . 
  it rather seemed to make things worse with the establishments of new terror groups, 
  yeah , that was fun . 
  but in my experience , not all threads were like these ... 3 of 4 threads are anti-refugees / anti-immigration etc. 
  other opinions are downvoted and below zero . 
  but there was this rare case of mabe 1 out of 4 where it was the other way round . 
  so it seems that it all depends on who reads the thread first . 
  as soon as there are some down/upvoted posts it seems there will only post other redditors with the same opinion ... the reddit voting system just is n't good for real discussions . 
  at least if the downvote/upvote system is used as aggree/disagree button, 
  why do they apply for asylum then anyways ? 
  they could come here and do n't do that ... anyways they wo n't get any mones and could n't work legally ... so it seems better to stay in their home country and they are ill-informed . 
  but we agreed tot ake refugees . 
  you mean with treaties to let italy and greece handle all of the refugees ? 
  it 's too much for them , does n't mater where in europe they make their application for asylum . 
  i think this is a fault in the first place , that we do n't let them make their application e.g. 
  in the european embassies in their home country . 
  helping their home regions is fine ... but do you think that would help now ? 
  i think this are things that take years or decades . 
  im not sure what you want to vote on here ... maximize the `` entwicklungshilfe '' ? 
  but only giving money might not help . . so , send the army additionally ? 
  you said you want to vote on the maximum number of refugees we should take ... what does this mean for the other refugees ? 
  if europe would not take any more , but there are still more syrians ? 
  4 millions of the 21 million population flew until yet . 
  with  500m population in the eu , we should have enough space to take them all , but some eu countries might not take a fair share of that ... germany has no history with referendums like the swiss . 
  you can vote in regular elections and participate between the elections take part in the democratic process with talking to some politicians or shape he public opinion on this topic . 
  so it 's a first start you 've talked about it . 
  what do you want to vote on ? 
  when you compare the numbers of students , you have to take in mind that germany has a strong `` ausbildung '' system , that can be compared to some bachelor degress i think . 
  it depends . 
  i think they will take the gdp into account . 
  i can assure you most germans are ok with the current situation for now . 
  see recent polls . 
  further satisfaction depends on whether other eu countries take up more refugees too . 
  if not , i 'm sure the german government would at least try to punish some countries, 
  the numbers are not right though . 
  the first months you have to stay in a facility for refugees . 
  you get food there etc and 143 $ cash for every adult , children get fewer . 
  some months later , some can move out , they get more or less the same as a lowest social security for nationals is . 
  that 's 359 $ a month for adults , 84 $ for children . 
  cost of flat is paid for you . 
  but many have to stay in this facilities until it was decided if they are accepted or not . 
  that money maybe seems high for someone from serbia , but of course , they have to live hear and the cost of living is higher here . 
  i ca n't remember that they had made a survey about the reasons . 
  so ... family ? 
  friends ? 
  culture ? 
  maybe they think bavaria is not a place where you can live nicely ? 
  mix of all of that ? 
  some job center in saxonay and or th\u00fcringen tried to get some unemployed jobs in bavaria ... it was a bigger project ... it failed because most do n't wanted to move to bavaria . 
  her 's a map http://www.zeit.de/gesellschaft/zeitgeschehen/2015-08/fluechtlinge-verteilung-quote bavaria is on the bottom right . 
  the first map is refugees in relation to number of inhibitants , the 2nd map compares that to the number of public owned empty flats , the 3rd map compares the 1st with the purchasing power of the inhabitants ... 
  to stay in the context : it was suggested that refugees help the super rich because labour costs will get cheaper . 
  is this a realistic plot ? 
  i highly doubt it . 
  refugees are not seleced by their economic profibility for a country , therefore in difference to regular immigrants not all of them would have necassary skills and education to get a job above wage minimum . 
  how many accepted refugees are there ? 
  let 's say < 1 mio in the eu while  500 mio people living in the eu ... sound unrealistic that they could lower the wages ... if the refugees would have such an impact , why let them come to europe and pay them european wages instead of paying them less for offering them jobs in syria etc. ? 
  so , i consider it to be wrong that refugees lower wages in europe, 
  refugees would have the same social security as we germans . . the same laws , protecting employers ... why should they feel such pressure to do that ? 
  but germany has a minimum wage . 
  ca n't get cheaper than that . 
  this is the greatest sound design ever : https://youtu.be/n17b_uff4ca, 
  they ca n't be that expensive . 
  aldi s\u00fcd is building some to let their customers charge for free . 
  aldi nord wanted to follow ... 
  i think some others too . 
  maybe this will get the standard in the near future for stores with parking lots , to offer a charging station for free ? 
  interesting correlation between good cuisine , good weather and lazyness . 
  what should you do instead of working if weather and cuisine is shit ? 
  a reason often talked about is the security or transparency aspect : with public funding / support you would also see how religion is practiced in public . 
  that would make it easier to control it and navigate it to some extent towards a more liberal view . 
  otherwise religion would be practiced in the underground , harder to be checked and controlled . 
  religion would be practiced either way . 
  i 'm undecided, 
  not necessarily . 
  it could be understand as an eu patriotic song . 
  at least it let me feel patriotic towards the eu . 
  i 'm really standing on the hose here, 
  different countries have different rules according to welfare for eu-citizens that move there . . e.g. 
  uk and france will kick you out if you have n't found a job in 6months . 
  france does n't give welfare for this time , uk only after 3months . 
  it is similar in most countries . 
  you need to work there for some time to later have a right to get welfare . 
  so without a job or without savings it would be too much of a risk to move anywhere . 
  if it is possible to form a nation with bavarians , there ca n't be a problem to build a federal eu . 
  and that is definetly a goal , a resolution for many problems . 
  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kbjcqyvtzmo ode to joy flashmob, 
  as a social-liberalist i 've never liked her ... for mostly her lack of positions and doing politics by polls and her conservative politics ... 
  but she has earned some respect for holding on to her believes the last months and her pro-eu politics . 
  their are studys that try to measure the potential for political partys ... 
  i think the greens have a potential according to these studies of about 25-30 % . 
  a good result for them would be have of it ... 
  i could imagine that there are potentially 30 % for right-wing parties . 
  although i ca n't imagine that they would actually get close to that . 
  or get half of that . 
  this institutes ask people what they would vote . 
  but they do n't publish that numbers because that would be far beyond reality - people say alot ... so they all have their own statistical models that change that actual poll numbers to what is believe a more realistic outcome if there actually were votes now ... forsa is another institute that for years was accused of changing their published results according their political agenda . 
  you ca n't say if that was right or wrong , but they constantly differed from other institutes ( and had compared to the real results of the votings the worst differences ) ... 
   i see frequently signs in arabic , even a bi-langual commercial , german and arabic .
