you have to be pretty bad in wording when you are put in the right-wing-corner for criticism of refugee politics . 
  everybody is critizing the politics ( for different reasons ) now . 
  i saw noone calling seehofer a nazi , or the whole csu or parts of spd and cdu ... any many more . 
  because i costs money if they have to buy a new house ... renting is no solution i think . 
  they will probably do something inside . . they wo n't be using a 90m \u00b2 flat for just one refugee . 
  but then again . 
  even if this is the harde / more expensive way , it seems better than to kick the tennants out ... at least if you cold not find a new home for them, 
  sorry , next time i send my biography for your judgement . 
  lol . 
  you come here , do n't know anything about him and claim i 'm overreacting . 
  i 'm surprised by this boldness, 
  i know that it depends whether your working in a hospital or not . 
  the overall average of payment as doctor is very good . 
  the in detail payment in hospitals can be medicore . 
  i would agree that hospitals have rather too few doctors . 
  but payment and working conditions are two different topics . 
  and i do n't wanted to start an off-topic discussion about the working conditions in hospitals . 
  i once worked in one as an intern ... 
  the racist doctor was racist , because he had a very bad opinion about eastern europeans . 
  the quality of their doctors is more or less shit according to him ... without going into details , he used eastern europe as an example , hoping i have negative feelings about them too , to make me fear the whole system is going to break down ... if he is not getting paid better . 
  i know doctors are paid better in other countries . 
  but there are not much leaving , and if we would get lots of eastern european doctors , it is not bad . 
  does n't matter where they come from ... and still doctors are one of the best paid professions in germany . 
  i see no problem there, 
  scotland is pretty pro-eu . 
  or what did you mean ? 
  the problems some cities have are mainly due to the bad and difficult management . 
  cities get a call , that today or tomorrow will come xxxx refugees ... sometimes , that is n't true and noone comes ... it would be much easier , if it could get organized better . 
  the best way for organization would be an asylum system where you can claim asylum in the embassies . 
  you could distribute this refugees more organized and using more of the capacities . 
  especially when you could make that on an eu-wide level . 
  but this will probably get you more refugees , because it is easier and also poor refugees can claim asylum , do n't having to pay smugglers ... germany alone could handle more refugees than now ... but such a system would depend on the willingness of other eu-countries to take a lot more than now . 
  if not , than this idea is not possible . 
  maybe you can at least convice the governments of these countries to give money to turkey , jordan etc. 
  for the refugee camps, 
  i once went to a racist doctor here in germany , who complained that he get far too few money from the social system ... which would be the reason all german doctors leave to swiss or scandinavia ... and germany is filled with east european doctors ... just as an anecdote . 
  but i think doctors have rather good chances to migrate with their profession ... in germany they are one of the top-earners profession , but it depend i think ... work in hospital is more and less paid ... radiology is better paid etc. 
  funfair with rollercoasters and stuff https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/cranger_kirmes it now exists for nearly 600 years ... it began with a anual marketplace for horses . 
  how can we integrate these nazis into our society ? 
  tough question . 
  maybe we need more immigrants , so they learn that these the the same ordinary people as average dieter-horst . 
  the oktoberfest is by the way only the 2nd largest volksfest in germany . 
  the largest is the quiete unkown cranger kirmes with 440.000 instead of 370.000 visitors per day . 
  ( the oktoberfest has more visitors in total , because it lasts a week longer ) ... it 's also the most overrun one with only 11ha area instead of 31ha are the oktoberfest has . 
  or the 5th best having an refugee home burnt down every week by nazis . 
  no way , we integrated our nazis well enough : - /, 
  good to see that the more religious one with this views do n't come to europe and we only get the smart syrians . 
  no , it 's not ok to say shit about eastern europe . 
  therefor the mayor is now in big trouble atm, 
  i did n't say the day is coming soon , sadly . 
  it 's both somehow . 
  someday they will be a member of gloriuos eu, 
  exactly my thought . 
  orban does n't seem to care about european values ... only when it suits his plans . 
  turkey , lebanon , jordan are asian too . 
  that would be combined more refugees than in the eu i guess . 
  do you mean the buildings ? 
  if you like old buildings , i would have sent you to [ hattingen ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/hattingen ), 
  did you like the ruhr area ( dortmund , essen , bochum , duisburg ... ) ? 
  relevant ... look at steams stats on what the avg download speeds are http://store.steampowered.com/stats/content/, 
  so it 's basically the same deal we had with gaddafi ? 
  turkey is not an eu country , so we ca n't force them to do stuff . 
  right now they take more refugees than most eu countries . 
  so , who knows if they would take more , if you pay good . 
  i have some doubts that turkey would take all syrians ... what do you think , how long does it take that syria becomes safe ? 
  i personally think that this will take several years , at least a decade ... 
  so you have to think of children and young people need to go to school / university ... how to integrate them etc. 
  with that there would be capacities that only could be expanded expensively . 
  not taking into account how the turks would see this ... 
  but okay , paying a country that therefore takes refugees and gives them at least minimum standards could be a solution . 
  not a good one in my opinion . 
  i doubt we find the capacities and we would have to change some treaties ... but i asked for a alternative and that is one . 
  well , what are the proposed numbers ? 
  i duckduckgoed it and found only a number from 2013 where slovenia had accepted 35 refugees . 
  i also found a graphic with the proposed shares , but it does n't list slovenia as its share is below 2.7 % ( so they put it in the group `` others '' ) . 
  i would guess it is around 0.5 % - 1 % . 
  that would be definetly more than 35 refugees this year . 
  would you be ok with that ? 
  do you think there is a maximum of refugees you should/could handle ? 
  and if so , on what number do you think ? 
  what do you mean with long term planning ? 
  regarding the refugees that are here ? 
  that would be integration i think . 
  to lower the number of refugees in the future ? 
  uh , that 's complicated . 
  combining with the 2nd top comment that redditors probably are rather young and males ... are n't young males the demographic group which in reality also tends to have the above-average votes for left/right radical movements ? 
  the reasons for refugee status are well defined . 
  if a country want to make an additional exception , it 's up to this country . 
  so you would be ok with forcing all eu countries to take a fair share of the proved refugees ? 
  are n't you a bit overreacting ? 
  when the gdp , the unemployment rate etc is taking into account , small/poor/eastern countries would n't have to take less refugees per population than e.g. 
  germany . 
  but what are the other solutions you are talking about ? 
  the only other seems to be : stop accepting refugees and let them live in their war zones etc. 
  sure , we could help to build this up ... 
  but how and how long does it take ? 
  do we support assad ? 
  isis ? 
  the militant assad-opposition ? 
  or do we fight them all ?
