constantinople together with h\u00fcdavendig\u00e2r vilayet and aidin vilayet should have been liberated and ceded back to greece , constantinople could have been split between britain and greece so britain would n't had to worry about russian naval in the mediterranean sea . 
  bulgaria and armenian should have got their independence too . 
  lol why this thread getting downvoted much ? 
  i 'm actually pro brexit , jezz people are salty . 
  [ hungarian patriot , man of the year | jan. 7 , 1957 ] ( http://content.time.com/time/covers/0,16641,19570107,00.html ), 
  why not just unite with romania ? 
  amazing . 
  where is this ? 
  did i hurt your feelings ? 
  you need your safe space ? 
  you cared enough to comment so shut up if you do n't like it do n't comment , downvote and move on you crybaby . 
  '' muh russian hackers '', 
  meh lefties are downvoting hard for no reason , guess they are triggered , whatever . 
  hoping for le pen and geert wilders to win . 
  was n't new zealand the the first country in the world ? 
  i 'm currently not in germany , so it was n't blocked for me . 
  works in canada lol ... 
  liberals describe trump as being a `` fascist '' while not knowing what fascism actually is . 
  fascism is essentially an economic doctrine having to do with a corporate state . 
  trump does n't believe in a corporate state , he believes in free enterprise . 
  furthermore , their infallible idol bernie sanders is more of a fascist than trump . 
  experts in fascism say he 's not a fascist , a quick google search confirms this . 
  he is a populist and a demagogue in the classical sense . 
  much of this article points to `` facts '' that can be attributed to the democratic candidate as well . 
  i 've heard lefties calling republicans `` fascists '' for about 50 years now . 
  it 's just what democrats say about republicans . 
  also racist , homophobic , sexist , selfish , mean , white , you know , the usual . 
  you get used to it . 
  in order to be a fascist , one would have to jail or kill members of the opposition . 
  no opposition would be tolerated in any form . 
  if you do n't do that , you 're not a fascist . 
  emile gentile has presented the best checklist for fascism in fact it is the standard typically used by historians . 
  check out and decide for yourself if trump fits the definition of a fascist . 
  i mean , it 's not like under obama the police were executing unarmed african americans at the rate of around two a week . 
  what about the immigrants ? 
  this new guy 's gon na deport all the immigrants !, 
  obama deported 2.5 million illegal and the muslims !, 
  my god , man !, 
  what about the muslims !?!?!, 
  is n't obama known as the drone king ? 
  no but seriously , if trump getting elected has woken you up , good . 
  but stop acting like everything was all peachy before . 
  the liberal mask has slipped . 
  now you 're staring america in the eyes . 
  do n't act like everything was so peachy before . 
  ! remind me in 8 years trump presidency !, 
  argument . 
  haha typical leftist . 
  calling me fascist calling me names insult me logical fallacies tell me i am not rational enough to have a debate , you made my day . 
  great tactic for running away from conversation when you are losing . 
  you just proved yourself , no facts , no explanation , no debate , just name calling and insults good job . 
  explain, 
   how am i a fascist ? 
  muh fascism muh racism muh sexism muh free space, 
  still waiting . 
  and yet you still have n't giving me any actual examples or facts just insults and name calling . 
  good job . 
  just because english is n't my native language , does n't make you any smarther . 
  typical left antifa member , done talking to you . 
   you 're a fascist apologist troll with no real thoughts of your own . 
  and still you wouldnt explain to me how am i a fascist , typical antifa retard , the most funnist thing about your retarded comment that capitalism is fascism , which does not make an fucking sense at all . 
  i am fucking dying . 
  this is too good . 
  you are right , it 's still does n't prove leftists points that trump is a fascist or nazi or literally hitler . 
  no facts ? 
  https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=plmzg6qu6u-0yyxxctppuoxndo_bw250ui are you living under a rock ? 
  how am i a fascist ? 
  wow you sounds like an antifa member , go back to your moms basement, 
  first off all when i said they remind me of sturmabteilung it was my opinion not her quote . 
  second sa was dissolved in may 8 , 1945 not in 1934 . 
  in 1934 sa was n't dissolved but replaced with the ss , good god go read some history books . 
  i did not say it 's the definition , where did i say '' this is the definition of fascism '' where ? 
  , i meant the left acts like fascists . 
  you still havent given me any examples of trump actions . 
  good job nice tu quoque and strawman . 
  that was a joke / r / i made long time ago to trigger some antifa communists , this / r / is not even active or has anything on it , i am myself rhine capitalist center right . 
  '' irony '' how is that irony ? 
  '' secretly one of those types of people ? '', 
  sad history repeat itself because people do n't know it , nsdap stands for nationalsozialistische deutsche arbeiterpartei ( national socialist german workers ' party ) how the **** am i a nazi ? 
  you people are amusing . 
  nsdap was disbanded in 1934 ? 
  what the hell are you smoking ? 
  sorry , misunderstood you . 
  '' littered with actual neo-nazis '' that 's not an argument , neo-nazis would always support the right , doesnt matter who is it or how far is it , long as it 's fits their narrative . 
  i do n't see you crying how communists , anarchists , socialists supporting the left , why is that ? 
  give me examples how trump is a fascist . 
   look up the definion of fascism , eg eco 1995 . 
  trump fits the definition of a fascists quite well . 
  also kind of ironic how the far right demand political correctness now ... lmao , tell me how trump is a fascist ? 
  give me examples !, 
  i am dying to see them !, 
  is he breaking cars and stores ? 
  is he punching other people faces ? 
  does he beat other people because of their political view ? 
  does he want 's more state economic control and regulations ? 
  does he suppress the media ? 
  oh wait that 's what the left is doing right now !, 
  my mistake . 
  i am not talking specifically about you or what you said , i am talking about the people keep commenting about trump actions = hitler actions , right wing populism = nazism , fascism , today muslims = jews . 
  these things are absurd .
