how does your claim that religion being natural not clash with the fact that young people who are n't exposed to religion usually do n't end up religious ? 
  it seems pretty clear that people generally do n't adopt religion without cultural pressure or influence during childhood . 
  it 's manufactured , not found . 
  i think the article and a lot of people in this thread are missing the point . 
  putin does n't think he 's fooling anyone ( except maybe the russians ) nobody is falling for it . 
  the whole point of having an excuse , no matter how lame , is that if you pretend you 're doing something legitimate , then everyone else can pretend that they do n't have to object too strongly . 
  if putin had just said `` all your crimea are belong to us , fuck you , and you , and you too '' no other nation could have saved face if they reacted as limply as they are doing now . 
  at the end of the day , if russia does n't want to back down , who is going to make them ? 
  nobody wants to get that involved , and as long as they are n't planning to do anything drastic , it 's easier for the other european nations to pretend that it 's a complicated situation and that it 's none of their business . 
  ** in short , the excuse of historic precedent or whatever is just a way for putin to let other leaders justify their actions/inaction with something that sounds better than `` lol , no , not getting involved , have you seen how big russia is ? 
  i upvote anything that 's genuinely informative and contains the phrase `` double slammed from both ends '', 
  aaaaand what would you call it when you label a vegan/vegetarian activist as an `` atheist '' activists ? 
  most of us atheists eat meat . 
  just saying . 
  aaaaand we spotted the vegetarian . 
  ** it 's like you people get some kind of vitamin-deficiency that makes you chronically off-topic . 
  i 'm sure the letters are very polite . 
  this is shameful . 
  at some point people have to stop and ask themselves if it actually counts as being tolerant and openminded when they are enabling intolerance and discrimination . 
  like i said , some of the crimes are fluctuating during the last decades , but have still clearly risen overall , while others like violent crime ( colour coded ) have been rising steadily the entire time . 
  if you want to make the argument that crime is down because tax dodging and littering is down while rape and assault is up , fine , but you have some nerve using that to say `` things are not getting worse '' are you more interested in sticking to your arguments than making relevant ones ? 
  i never said that immigration is the only reason crime is on the rise , but at the same time you ca n't ignore the fact that 45-50 % % of crime here is perpetrated by immigrants , who make up less than 15 % of the total population , a number which is actually watered down rather than exaggerated since it includes plenty of people from groups where the crime rate is identical to swedes ( like people with a norwegian mother and swedish father , or random danish people who moved here because of their job ) lumping all `` immigrants '' together is actually making things seem less lopsided than they actually are , since there are certain groups within that group who are even more overrepresented than the average . 
  there is just no arguing that point , and you comparing something that 's statistically proven to blaming videogames , which is sensationalist nonsense , is completely uncalled for , and completely irrelevant for the topic . 
  the only reason i used `` perceived decline '' was that politics and trends in voting has more to do with what people perceive to be problems than what are the actual issues , as we all know . 
  i did not mean to imply that the problem was only a matter of perception and not something real . 
  i 'm under no illusion that the majority of people are anywhere close to well informed , but people being ignorant does not change the fact that there are actual problems . 
  the current political climate is too polarized right now , which is a result of not dealing in a reasonable manner with the issues . 
  there needs to be a middle ground between `` immigrants are all bad bad , kick them out ! '', 
  and `` immigration is completely problem free , the people who disagree are dumb racists '', 
  http://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/7/7f/anm%c3%a4lda_brott_1950-2005.svg the wild swings in the peaks are sometimes due to changes in laws that raises the amount of crimes reported and so on , but overall i think it 's fairly obvious that the trend is upwards , and it 's impossible to argue that violent crime ( the reds ) where immigrants are even more overrepresented has risen . 
  also keep in mind that between the years 1950 and 2005 the population only rose about 30 % , which is obviously not at all in proportion to the rise in crime , in case anyone wanted to make that argument . 
  when i said i 'm fairly young i did n't mean that my age is as low as 15 , 20 or even 25 , just that my perspective does n't stretch back 40 years or anything . 
  if you disagree with me , that 's fine , but you do n't seem to be in touch with the state of things here . 
  the common perception here is that the media reports less on the `` decay '' of things than it should , not the other way around . 
  about the whole business of laying the burden of proof on me ( not a problem ) i 'd like to point out that dismissing the `` notions '' ( subtle ) of someone with firsthand experience and demanding proof is not ideal either . 
  it 's not like i made any completely outrageous claims . 
  even if the crime rate was actually down in total ( which it 's clearly not ) pointing that out would still do nothing to persuade the people who have an issue with roughly 45-50 % of crime being perpetrated by immigrants . 
  the argument would still be `` crime could be lower without immigration '' and there 's just no getting around that . 
  http://affes.files.wordpress.com/2012/07/overrep_2011_stor_b.png?w=720 left bar : natives , right bar : people born outside sweden or with one or more parents born outside sweden . 
  the pink part of the bar is where the bar would end if the crime rate was the same for both native swedes and non-native swedes , meaning that the rest of the bar is overrepresentation compared to the size of the group . 
  keep in mind that the second link is to a blog , but the actual data is taken from the justice departments council of crime prevention , it 's as legit as it gets . 
  i 'd also like to point out that i 'm not some raging rightwinger/nationalist/supporter of the idea to end immigration , i 'm just pointing out that the only surprising thing about people being cranky about the state of things is that people are surprised by it . 
  you can just look at the stats at br\u00c5 ( swedish justice department , council of crime prevention ) roughly 50 % of all crime is committed by the immigrant population , meaning that even if crime was down overall ( it 's not ) you could still make the argument that it would be a lot lower without immigration . 
  there is no arguing about that . 
  when it comes to the unemployment and immigration issues , people tend to ignore the fact that we have had highly functional labour immigration in the past , where companies used to hire labour from other countries for actual jobs that needed filling , and then help them become permanent residents in sweden . 
  this is not what is happening today , today we have lower employment but more immigration instead of less , despite a very small minority of immigrants being refugees or skilled labour . 
  immigration has been a huge benefit for sweden in the past , but it looked very , very different than today . 
  today it 's a net cost that is about the same size as the entire healthcare system . 
  of course the issue is more complex than that , but at the same time it 's very hard to argue with those kinds of numbers . 
  there is nothing weird about people reacting to them . 
  i have nothing against european integration , but at the same time it 's understandable that it 's something people get riled up about . 
  the countries that were already doing well are full of people who are eager to point out that they do n't need it , the countries who are doing less well are full of people who are eager to blame it , and in that sense i agree with you that at some level it 's important to properly inform the public , and not just hand public opinion over to populists . 
  but on the other hand , nationalism in the eu has many flavours , there are countries where people are generally pretty eu-positive , while at the same time growing more and more concerned about immigration . 
  that 's one of the issues where there for once is too much effort being spent trying to `` inform '' the public instead of dealing with the problems , which opens the door wide for that type of nationalism . 
  i was n't lying about any of the things i mentioned , you ca n't just discount the idea that people can have a problem with those issues for legitimate reasons . 
  you do n't have to be nostalgic to think that crime used to be lower , employment higher , and the healthcare handled better , you just need to look at statistics . 
  you are intentionally ignoring all the problems that have led to the rise of nationalism and act like it 's a result of not `` handling '' the public well enough . 
  it is this exact mindset that has let the `` populists '' in . 
  i said declining , there 's a lot of room between `` doing just fine '' and `` mad max '' , but everyone who has been alive for more than 10 years in most of the countries you listed will tell you things are n't as good as they were , or that they think things are likelier to get worse than better . 
  during my lifetime ( and i 'm young ) i 've seen the cost of immigration eclipse the cost of our free healthcare , which continues to be dismantled , unemployment rise , crime rise and common people growing more dissatisfied . 
  things are not bad by any stretch , but anyone can see they are n't getting better , and that 's all you need for the things the op were about to start rising , which was my point . 
  i 'm not saying nationalism or anything is a solution , i 'm saying it 's not at all difficult to see that it 's a reaction to something . 
  anger and nationalism is a pretty obvious response to the perceived decline of the welfare state coupled with the increase in immigration and the centralization of power in brussels . 
  `` well , like , you guys totally should n't feel that way , its dumb '' is not going to persuade anyone without any actual solutions to perceived problems . 
  if the population has a different opinion than the sitting government about what problems are important , it 's the governmnents job to adress those problems , but the common way of dealing with it seems to be to either mislead the public or try to convince them they are wrong . 
  this leaves the door wide open for so called `` populists '' politicians are confused about who is supposed to be working for whom . 
  the important part is listening and reading when you do n't get it , instead of always reading and trying to listen . 
  it 's one of those things kids manage a lot better than adults . 
  growing up with only english subs is different from trying to make the switch later . 
  the map looks weird when you do n't really know what the baseline is ... 
  i 'm not surprised that swedes are at the top , we seriously spend all our lives watching subtitled american and british tv since our own is so atrocious , and all those computer games we play pay off . 
  nothing except very high profile children 's movies get dubbed here , the rest get subtitled . 
  that is a way , way bigger part of the reason than our schools . 
  germany has great schools , france are n't too bad either , but they dub the shit out of everything , so people are n't exposed to english to the same extent . 
  when you think about it , what did you spend more time on as a kid ? 
  english homework/classes , or watching tv/playing computer games ? 
  i 'm surprised this is not mentioned more on the ef site . 
  i 'm not sure how that 's an understatement , men on average being stronger than women means that most men are stronger than women ... 
  when it comes to being equally violence prone i meant in the spousal abuse context . 
  obviously if you count all other contexts women will never catch up ever , i figured that part was a given . 
  this is sadly true . 
  if a guy hit his gf and went `` yeah , she can take it , she totes had it coming '' he 'd get rolled in tar and feathers , if a girl said the same thing , she 'd get a round of chuckles and rolled eyes . 
  there have been heaps of studies on this . 
  both sexes are equally violence-prone , with women being slightly more likely to `` use implements '' ( throwing objects or hitting with an implement ) than men are . 
  men are on average more physically equipped for violence though , so women get the worst of it , and men are less prone to report it when they are the victims , and the reports are less likely to be taken seriously . 
  these two factors have led it to be percieved mainly as something men do to women . 
  there has been extensive research on this in lots of western countries . 
  a study on british and scandinavian people concluded that women are just as likely as men to get physical in arguments , and actually more likely to use implements than men are . 
  the reason it 's not as big an issue ? 
  they 're less well equipped for it . 
  men are stronger on average , so even if both sexes are just as violent , women get the shit end of the stick . 
  there 's popular anti-americanism in almost every european nation , but in sweden it 's sort of a lazy/benign `` haha americans are dumb '' circle-jerk , but there is a lot of legitimate concern over how things seem to be derailing on your side of the pond , corporation running amok , police state etc , and all the outrage that you guys spy on european nations . 
  when it comes to anti-zionism it 's less prevalent but growing in pace with the influx of islamic immigrants . 
  anti-semitism of the native nazi type is incredibly small and more or less a joke . 
  you 'll see the occasional facebook post by some skinny teenagers posing with a banner in a parking garage at 4 in the morning stating that they are taking action or whatever . 
  funnily enough the amount of press that extreme right-wingers get in sweden is massive compared to how tiny and irrelevant the movement actually is . 
  the media ( which is very left leaning ) is very keen on making it out to be some huge problem that has to be addressed . 
  there are places in sweden that have been declared unsafe for jews by the wiesenthal centre , but those are invariably the places with the highest immigrant population . 
  malm\u00f6 for instance has seen a large portion of it 's jewish population move elsewhere . 
  i have no idea who you are quoting or why you are replying at this point or how this is answering op 's question .
