  ^ i ^ do n't ^ understand ^ how ^ someone ^ could ^ leave ^ our ^ beautiful ^ country ^ / s ... except the ones that died of course . 
  ah look another dumb article about this . 
  i told you that the emperor is coming , but you fluffs did n't believe . 
  you have little time to repent heretics , but even then you 're probably done . 
  the ultraromanians will soon be on your asses ... your corrupted asses . 
  haha ... i thought something so dumb could be promoted only here . 
  it 's going to keep going downhill , cuz the eu leaders are incompetent . 
  so are we going to repost this every single day now ? 
  `` wink wi ... '' i mean things go great over here . 
  look our economy is great . 
  you can see in this thread too . 
  in 1990 we were on ghana 's level ... now look at us big boys ... now we are at 300 euros a month . 
  300 you can afford to even take a holiday once every few years if you eat a bit less . 
  and eating less is normal . 
  romanians need to be in shape , because if you are n't in shape no one will look at you . 
  romania is great . 
  it keeps people happy , in shape and sends them on holiday . 
  i ca n't wait for my turn . 
  that is absolutely not true ... romania is a great country and its people are very happy to live there . 
  oh , i 'm looking forward to it then ^ ^ . 
  i do n't know how to cook tho , but i 'll learn just for you . 
  haha because fuck everyone else that lives in most cities in romania eh ? 
  they are just stupid people with no education that 's why things go wrong for them . 
  fuck the 20k people that live around this region . 
  it 's all their fault right ? 
  they all probably play computer games all day that 's why they have n't deserted this place and moved to the civilized part of the country . 
  you 're fucking adorable , but you seem to know me better than myself so i 'll listen to your advice . 
  i 'm going to college again just for you . 
  it 's okay the immigrants from africa middle east ect will start having families once they settle themselves , so things will improve . 
  but i like being a pussy :( , the others like it too probably . 
  being a pussy has its benefits . 
  hey do you actually live in romania ? 
  i 'm curious ... you know i had the same mayor elected since i was 10 , right until now when i 'm 22 . 
  now another tool was elected in his place , from the same party of course . 
  a tool good enough to continue his work ... or lack of it . 
  i live in a city of around 10k people . 
  there are a few villages around the city that are attributed to the city . 
  those villages do n't have water , do n't have sewer ... gas ? 
  god no . 
  my city got water in the whole city ( it had in parts of it before this ) 6 years ago or something like that and got sewer started in 2012 ( what do you know fucking election year ) and finished in last years on different streets . 
  there still is no gas because the mayor actually wants us to pay for it , for them to bring it on all the streets . 
  this is how things go here . 
  the mayor tells people what he will do . 
  the people vote him . 
  he wo n't do anything for 3 and a half years . 
  in the last half of the last year he will start doing some things . 
  the people are braindead enough to vote him again because look he does something and the cicle repeats . 
  why did i mention my age and all this shit ? 
  because this city looks literally the same sometimes even worse compared to how it was when i was 10 or 14 or 18 . 
  the big difference is that now the streets are ruined because they did n't bother fixing them after they put sewer on , not that them were actually any good ( they were made with cubic stones ) . 
  they plan to put asphalt on them and we have the boards on the streets saying that this will happen since a year or more ago . 
  i 'm going to let you know when this actually happens ( i 'm going to guess sometimes in 2019 and 2020 ) . 
  so tell me what should i do , when people still vote incompetent morons , the same incompetent morons over and over again because `` hey , these are the guys i know '' . 
  the fact that a drunk gambler was a mayor in this city for 12 fucking years ... ghh . 
  said this so that you can realize that `` the amount of work '' has absolutely nothing to do with things in romania . 
  it 's the fact that most of the people that are in charge of something are complete imbeciles and these things that happen in many many cities and villages in romania and the fact that we seem unable to build a fucking highway and many other things prove it . 
  ehm , yes we do like that actually ^ ^ . 
  is that actually true ? 
  i wonder how that works and who is going to replace them ?  . , 
  she must have done something to provoke him ... 
  really ? 
  i believe they will stay for a long while even if things become a lot worse , because they are just that important . 
  it 's more about you believing that your country is able to decide who actually has crystal clear crimes with no bias n'or involvement from `` other things '' or have people confess on their own accord especially in this situation . 
  basically you trusting your country that the people executed are actually guilty which u ca n't do in my opinion if you are a secular turk . 
  let 's not get over the fact that you introduce a new law for past crimes because why the flip not or because the mob demands it . 
  gahaha holy shit ... do you actually look at your messages ? 
  you 're truly the model secular turk . 
  ehm sure if u say so, 
  hmm , i do n't think there are any ... 
  lol ... 
  hmm , it 's weird i do n't see it like this . 
  haha , okay i 'll cut it out . 
  i like stalkers do n't worry about it , but thanks for letting me know . 
  edit : but let it be known as still my contribution to the thread , that americans are nice either way !, 
  edit2 : oh the thread is removed ... nevermind then . 
  did n't read the article or know anything on the matter , but fuck the dutch king . 
  but i do n't ask to be bombed myself right now man ... anything works on them as long as they are gone . 
  what has the race of people to do with anything ? 
  anyone who came in contact with the slaves or had any kind of knowledge of it and did n't say anything for 8 fucking years should just drop dead right now and that 's a pretty chill fate comparing to what they should deserve in my humble opinion of course . 
  fuck me ... still in the fucking gipsy land . 
  lol, 
  rate raised by the people who make 5 kids so they can live off their allowance and their begging money . 
  please just bomb romania t.t , so we can feel important . 
  we 're slaves to every nation . 
  that 's how we were raised . 
  people are just lying to themselves , if they say this is n't true . 
  you like it eh ? 
  it 's not sharp enough to cut myself in it yet , but i 'm working on it . 
  she 's a romanian , you are probably right and even if you are n't right she must have done something to deserve such a treatment . 
  well being born romanian is enough so maybe she did n't do anything else . 
  made with all the steel stole by gipsies . 
  are they finally going to come to wipe 99 % of the population ? 
  thank god . 
  really ? 
  you think so ? 
  hmm , maybe you 're right ... but i still believe it may be a fairly good idea . 
  why ? 
  so asking imbecile questions is now `` destroying '' okay ... 
  they should just bomb romania ... 
  i 'd let them use me like that if they can guarantee me a painless death ... why is n't there a place where people can donate their body to science if they do n't want to live anymore ?
