  or is it hmm - . -, 
  keep telling yourself that ... maybe we all will see the truth some day and maybe you 're right and i 'm just not clever enough . 
  we all are , even tho most like to think that they are literally saints , as the polish want to think too . 
  maybe look around . 
  you 're a dickhead to me now too , but i suppose that makes it fine since i 'm a dickhead too . 
  that 's how it works dear . 
  it 's okay when we shit on another nation but god forbid anyone says anything bad about us ... cuz we 're the might polish or the mighty romanians . 
  we 're all fucking cunts . 
  of course they do , but most do n't have the guts , n'or are enough of an asshole to say it in your face . 
  if you 'd get a one on one talk with every european , i 'm confident most would say they dislike romanians and would rather have nothing to do with them and they are right to think so . 
  fucking cluj ... can we have it be the first city bombed ? 
  they have no metro to hide in either . 
  this dude and everyone liking that video should be taken and brought to romania before someone bombs us . 
  please bomb us soon . 
  how many more times is this going to be posted ? 
  what can u do ? 
  how about bombing romania ? 
  you ca n't ? 
  oh , that 's too bad . 
  that 'd be more accurate if it would be a romanian beggar , but i suppose that 's just a disguise . 
  i studied french for 8 years and i barely remember shit anymore , because i never in my life used it to actually speak . 
  studying it means nothing . 
  they should respond with bombing romania . 
  i 've said before too that they should have chosen a place with a lot of water for their deportation . 
  bomb romania please ? 
  well , they look like romanians . 
  well sure , but i guess it did n't matter for those kids . 
  i 'm pretty confident that they would rather have assholes give them money rather than no one . 
  ya , the fans acted like assholes , but eh ... that 's how things are . 
  romanian kids do n't care about that as long as they get money . 
  if they stood there then they thought that it was worth it , so no harm done . 
  why tho ? 
  i can already see how happy everyone living around that area is going to be this summer . 
  hopefully they were thrown a few km after the south border or a few km in the north-west . 
  hi ... sorry but i just thought about this and you 're the first usa flag i see . 
  could you nuke romania ? 
  thanks . 
  ehm no actually ... i 'm from the side i want wiped . 
  you think so ? 
  hmm , i guess that i can see why you would think that . 
  we need a huge meteorite hit right in the center of black sea ... not `` too huge `` but huge enough to wipe romania till the carpathians/moldova/bulgaria and turkey ... i guess part of ukraine and russia too ... ah i see no issues . 
  ya , that 's it , we need it . 
  and if somehow africa and south-west asia could just disappear as well , all for the better . 
  i do n't understand why this is news  .  . 
  it 's normal . 
  what ? 
  well , it is romania after all ... i thought this was common knowledge . 
  well fuck ... he 's fucking immortal at this point . 
  i wonder when these guys are going to finally die ... there are too many old fucks in romania in position of power . 
  even tho the younger ones are still adorable , eh at least i do n't get sick when i see them breathe . 
  how hungry should someone be to bite that ? 
  this video somehow is for romanians right ? 
  exporting some of the more violent thieves does have its benefits after all all . 
  most romanians were borderline suicidal at one point in their lifes . 
  i mean , you know ? 
  they do need to live in this shit hole ... i guess my time is now . 
  implying that things would be different under him . 
  every romanian in politics is there for their own good only . 
  i did n't disagree with that , but ya i did n't word the second part of my message correctly . 
  there is no doubt that there are plenty of homophobic people here . 
  do n't bother with it . 
  most people who signed that probably did n't even know what they were signing . 
  it is romania after all . 
  but even tho i 'm sure that those are n't legit signatures , i doubt it would be impossible for them to get legit ones because once again `` it is romania after all '' and all you have to do is just send 1 thousand people every sunday at churches and you 'll get several thousand signatures . 
  i make no differences man , i am completely idiotic as well . 
  i was born here . 
  but a few years back i started to notice how `` idiotic '' i was becoming , so since then , i 'm trying to lower the pace . 
  i 'm trying my best ... 
  most romanians do n't do that and they continue with their idiocy . 
  everyone knows how signatures are gathered in this shit hole . 
  this ai n't a big thing , but since most romanians are imbeciles i would n't be surprised if this is for real . 
  they should ban the fucking poor fucks that make 10 children that starve in a room , but no this is the most important thing . 
  and no i did n't bother reading the article , as with the british , the romanians too are too idiotic for me to afford to lose any more brain cells while reading their bullshit . 
  it 's okay , with all the romanian supporters around there , i doubt that a terrorist would manage to bring a bomb in the stadium or around it . 
  every single person in there will have their pockets and clothes checked for valuables . 
  and it deserves it . 
  of course i do n't expect miracles to happen ... i do n't expect much in general . 
  the good answer would be , because the work force works for dirt and you can steal and evade taxes and shit easily . 
  and even if somehow the incompetent morons that are around in this country find out that you steal ... eh , do n't worry ... you 'll get away easily . 
  all religion is equally cancerous and it 's not because of the religion itself , but because of the dipshits that judge you if you believe in other shit . 
  + and people like the pope that push the religion down on everyone 's throat , people like the shit speakers that push the religon down the throat of the people in their neighbour and so on are equally bad . 
  religion in its current form is cancer . 
  if jesus really came back from heavens to start this bullshit , he 's a fucking retard . 
  people should be left to believe in whatever the fuck they want and be judged ( if this bullshit is true ) on what they do . 
  every thing about any religion should be at the bottom of the ocean . 
  the thieves . 
  be careful in bucharest and do n't give the gipsy money . 
  once people know who you are they are going to swarm you . 
  keep the money and the blood close to you . 
  well that is n't going to happen . 
  the only thing that i suck more at compared to writing is cooking . 
  well , i guess that 's that . 
  and i thought we were made for each other ... should have stood near my mom when she was cooking to catch a few things at least :( . 
  i like you , we should be together , maybe you can help me write . 
  now where were we ? 
  well i would n't fit outside of my own shithole . 
  being raised in here , gave me a certain smell . 
  after years spent in here ... why do i tell you this . 
  you saw romanians in europe ? 
  do n't they have a certain `` smell '' ?
