yes . . no . 
  so they are compatible with eastern europe ... eh ? 
  woo there ... you 're saying that there ca n't be black farmers ? 
  be careful . 
  in usa he would be shot ... am ... am i doing this right ? 
  fucking vaslui , ruining romania 's peace . 
  i am yet to see a kid left alone after his parents left that is not a fucking cunt . 
  so he is half right . 
  so does the whole europe hates us or we were shit ? 
  just started watching . 
  yes , i kinda agree with the fact that romania contributed the most . 
  you have nothing to be sorry about and i do n't see how what you said is relevant to what i 've said . 
  i 'm only commenting on the braindead article or maybe just title that mind you was used for romanians and bulgarians too , just to scare everyone ... like somehow the whole fucking country is going to fly over to uk and start stealing and begging . 
  as a little side point since maybe someone will ask `` hey why do n't you read the article before commenting ? '' . 
  well , being born romanian i am already a little low on brain cells and i ca n't afford to lose anymore reading british news . 
  i 'm sure that every single one of them is going to leave their country to get in europe , just like every romanian and bulgarian did . 
  ya , i know . 
  maybe in 100 years a normal romanian with a normal salary will be able to go and visit some other country or have a 1 week holiday somewhere  . 
  ehm what ? 
  you do realize that romania actually pays more than it receives right ? 
  it 's because of the incompetence of people in charge here , but that does n't change that fact . 
  the fact that `` many '' people living in europe are braindead enough to think that romanians are people that only steal and so on is n't even remotely relevant to this . 
  most immigrants will not come looking for work . 
  most romanians have some skills and even if they have none they will still go to other countries to work not beg . 
  most romanians do n't go into your country looking to get a free house/free food etc and they do n't expect it either . 
  they go and they work their ass off to do something . 
  and i think that even at this point , immigrants are treated better than romanians in europe . 
  could n't care less ... it 's a fucking flag . 
  fuck , so close yet so far ... still stuck in gipsy land i guess  .  . 
  in the middle of the atlantic . 
  i smell bullshit ... there is no romania at the bottom . 
  we actually do ^ ^ . 
  yes because all the europeans mocked america and now every european once to invade or those must be the same people . 
  totally makes sense bro . 
  if anything bad happens to us , it would happen worse to moldova first , so ya ... we ai n't getting any help from them . 
  usa probably , every european country would sell us for a can of soup if things would get bad enough and i like to think that usa would sell us for a little more . 
  i 'd vote for him . 
  i 'd vote in romania too if someone would promise me that he/she would do anything for romania to become just another usa state . 
  lol, 
  lol, 
  from his ass , same with everything else he ever said . 
  i 'm almost sad they get clicks from here :( ... 
  so what ? 
  they have inside information , so they know that the movie deserves a 1 . 
  obviously , since many romanians are starving ... 
  smart \\ ^ ^ , 
  ah with this ( whole thing ) i realized that being a romanian is n't all bad . 
  lol, 
  well my point is that romania as a whole is a place with poor options for public transportation . 
  cringe  .  success story and i do 1 hour for 35 km going by train . 
  success story with one of the worst infrastructure in the world . 
  yep ... 
  when i 'll be able `` to visit '' another country i wo n't need to visit it to feel a difference . 
  you get me :p ? 
  maybe the grandkids of my same age neighbors will feel that growth lol . 
  lol, 
  ah forget about that , you should pay attention for the gypsies you see around there , you might have a surprise ... maybe they 'll ask you for a drink  . 
  so now u think that there are no gypsy vampires ? 
  how can you live with yourself ? 
  that we 're vampires . 
  i hate this shit , we are not vampires , with everything else i can not argue . 
  just like the first 2 links he gave me where it 's actually clear that the law is n't for everybody , but sure we 'll see what happens in this case . 
  dunno why u brought my shit hole of a country into this , trying to hurt my feelings ? 
  haha , what u said would be true a few years ago but lately it seems to not be the case anymore , but we 'll see how long that lasts . 
  of course , it 's mongolia , congo and switzerland . 
  give me same type of links for the type of countries you gave first links , because the first ones only prove that i was right . 
  are u trying to prove me right with those links ? 
  or am i missing something ... saying `` nobody 's above the law '' and then someone being above the law makes things worse than actually just ignoring everything and if it was fighting against some random french people instead of the police , you would n't even get this kind of statement from the police . 
  who cares ? 
  the french authorities certainly wo n't give a shit about this and in a few days no one else will care about this either . 
  gah , you heretic dare to compare that human with the emperor ? 
  can we have the emperor here sooner ? 
  these heretics need to face judgment as fast as possible :| . 
  ah do n't worry , soon enough romania will go backwards because i expect the shit ones to come in power , because the stupidity seems to grow in here . 
  her name is olivia steer . 
  this is romania tho ... it 's okay , soon you 'll have females not checking for breast cancer cuz of a specific retard that what do you know , actually shows up tonight on the most popular television among dumb people . 
  where ?  . <, 
  can we just give 3 calls to every human an earth and ask them if they would do something like this and if they answer yes 3/3 times , deport them to the arctic , 2/3 deport them on some island like the uk and 1/3 throw their ass in prison for a few years . 
  too bad :( . 
  ya , i guess the :p jk combo does n't work either . 
  so you either go full / s or you enjoy the adorable replies . 
  good lord , i feel like i ended up on a different website today . 
  yes i know it was friendly banter . 
  my message was a friendly joke too . 
  yeah , that ai n't nice either ... 
  of course he did . 
  the jk was n't evident enough . 
  eh whatever , people can downvote as much as they want ... but sure i 'll add the little ^ / s, 
  ah , i 'll take it as a learning experience . 
  thanks , i 'm trying my best . 
  people like you make me believe i can do even better . 
  thank you for your support . 
  once i 'm at the top , i 'm going to remember about the little push you gave me . 
  ya man , i was totally serious with that message . 
  ugh , what do i expect ... 
  great , give the nationalistic cancer more reasons to get popular ... 
  pocket knife ? 
  do n't worry my gipsy friend and comrade , i do n't care about downvotes , but i appreciate the worry u have for me . 
  hmm , romanians are usually pretty chill when in other contries . 
  i 'm sad to see they act like that in ukraine .
