dunno if you 're kidding or not , so i 'll just explain it . 
  `` sozialtourismus '' is one of those buzzwords you 'll hear from the right wing . 
  you know , your run of the mill tourist goes to a country to enjoy its scenery , culture , the food etc. 
  `` sozialtouristen '' come to enjoy our social security system ... or so the npd claims . 
  interesting . 
  i cant say that i 'm actively seeking out information about the political ongoings in germany - i only know what i hear in the radio/news . 
  so i guess i 'm just as informed about current afairs as the next idiot . 
  i havent heard about any refugee law reforms though . 
  do you have any links about that topic at hand ? 
  edit : jesus christ whats with the downvotes . 
  i 'm not trying to be smug or something . 
  i 've not heard about any reforms and im trying to do something about my ignorace by asking , is that so bad ? 
  yes , its pretty much the `` nsdap light '' . 
  there are actually ongoing efforts to ban the party for being unconstitutional . 
  yeah , its certainly massively sugarcoated . 
  i dont trust the npd at all . 
  but if you look at how all the major parties handle the situation , i can only imagine that there are quite a lot of people who 'll gladly grasp at that straw that the npd is giving them . 
  i didnt say , but this is actually a membership form on the back . 
  fill it out , slap a 0,45 $ stamp on it , throw it in the next best postal mailbox - bam , you 're now an npd member . . 
  i find this concerning . 
  the npd is sure to win over some folks with claims like these ... hope the translation i put below the picture is ok, 
  the ... final solution ? 
  passports , identification ... ? 
  interesting , thanks . 
  one question on the nationality thing ; does that mean they were born in finland , or is there a way to acquire finnish nationality for immigrants ? 
  it would be much more interesting to compare the rape-cases against the number of people . 
  how many rapes per male fin/somali ? 
  right . . 
  right ... again , good points . 
   if the catholic church does n't want to endorse gay marriage , then fine , but the government - which is secular - should n't be deciding who can and ca n't use the word `` marriage '' to describe their union . 
  good point . 
  well , i guess it turns out i 'm pro gay marriage afterall ? 
  although it doesnt really apply to me . 
  and i dont care much about marriage anyway . 
  though it might be nice if i could replace `` girlfriend '' with `` wife '' in conversations , at some point in the future ... 
   can you imagine how horrible that must be for someone ? 
  mmmmhh . 
  yes . 
  that 's why i said they should get the same rights . 
  i 'm just saying , maybe it would be easier to get same sex `` marriage-like '' unions accepted if it just wouldnt be called marriage ... dont weigh my words too much , i dont have neither a strong pro nor contra `` gay marriage '' opinion , and i 'm not quite sure what to think . 
  i can empathise with both sides . 
  its unfair to gay couples that they can get into situations like you described . 
  but then , if anyone can arbitrarily divorce and marry , does n't that kind of take away some the meaning behind marriage ? 
  then again , any idiot can get married in vegas in a drive-thru chapel , so what does it matter anway ... 
  sigh . 
  on a side note : i find this downvoting of my original comment funny . 
  just because i dont jump onto the `` gay marriage for everyone !!, 
  '' - circlejerk ... 
  yeah , its not . 
  i dont get why gay people want to get married in the first place . 
  ~ ~ marriage is a religious invention ~ ~ , and in modern times its mostly there to get benefits ( like tax reduction or whatever ) when you want to start a family and produce some children . 
  why are they clinging so hard to a construct that wasnt meant for them in the first place , as in : they dont produce children , and marriage was invented for male/female couples by religion . 
  do they need to have their relationships validated so badly ? 
  i just dont get it . 
  dont get me wrong , i 'm not against giving gay couples the same * rights * as married couples , such as right of custody , the right to adopt , or anything else - but why the fuck do they want to get married so badly ? 
  it 's like hardcore feminists were trying to get into some ultra orthodox old timey sexist gentlemens club because equality . 
  it doesnt make sense to me . 
  that extra 3 for you . 
  brilliant satire and absolutely worth watching ... if you understand german . 
  well fuck merkel !, 
   send them all to germany , they invited all those people . 
  i certainly didnt . 
  am getting my girlfriend a teargas gun or a taser or something though . 
  sigh . 
  just dont ban combustion cars , will ya ? 
  not everyone can afford cutting edge technology . 
  or a parking spot with an outlet . 
   germany could force people that get welfare to welcome a family of refugees in their home , or people who earn more than 100 000 euro a year . 
  i assume that doesnt include you . 
  how convenient . 
  if you took pierre vogels little muslim cap and beard away he 'd look like a grade a neonazi . 
  same shit , different colors . 
   right the state is supposed to be indifferent to religion and that means to me that people should be able to be religious or not as they choose and also be allowed to display that as long as they do n't harm others or do n't violate other laws . 
  yes - people should be able to choose , but police officers are not just people , they are representatives of the state , and as such , should remain neutral in such matters imho . 
  especially considering how it could cause friction with certain civilians . 
  what if a jewish policer officer decides to wear a kippah and then gets called to an area with some islamic hardliners . . ? 
  police officers are wearing uniforms . 
  uniform . 
  think about that word . 
  so all of them have a uniform appearance . 
  nobody should get to wear some distinctive special clothing like hats , scarves , hijab , or whatever else . 
  maybe the fabric is very thin and they are naked underneath . 
  me neither . 
  what i see regularly is women wearing hijabs though . 
  but to be honest i dont see anything particularly wrong with those . 
   rather than focus on a more realistic and differentiated approach to reducing crime ? 
  like putting a stop to importing middle easterners as if they are candy ? 
  the platform is not square when viewed from above . 
  youre looking at it from the front in ops picture and from the side in that diagram . 
  that truck for scale . 
  that must be one humbling experience to stand next to one of those things . 
  hmm . 
  200m to the generator housing or 200 meters including the rotor blades when its at its highes point ? 
  im a bit ashamed for my ignorance , but . . what does that even mean ? 
  what about countries that dont recognize it ? 
  are they claiming nothing happened , or is it more along the lines of  `` oh well they murded a couple hundred thousand people systematically but its a stretch to call it genocide so no biggie '', 
  we do ? 
  yeah , right ? 
  like top gear made fun of `` doppelkupplungsgetriebe '' . 
  in english its just `` double clutch transmission '' the german word has even one letter less - thats efficiency for ya .
