meanwhile in russia ... 
  some little more details would help such as : how old is the house/window ? 
  what was the season of the year ? 
  the fact that it was a bright sunny day goes to show that there probably was a direct heat affecting the house/window which can cause sounds ( such as cracking sounds in old wooden houses ) . 
  it has been observed previously that thermal stress on windows can cause funny results or even break spontaneously for no apparent reason . 
  glass ( like many other objects ) expands and contracts whenever there is change in temperature . 
  experiencing weird touches at night is quite common i 'd say and is often times associated with a hypnagogic jerk ( involuntary twitch ) . 
  when i was 25 and lived in this apartment that i rented , one night in the middle of my deep sleep , i was awoken by a powerful push . 
  it was so strong that i literally almost fell out of my bed . 
  although i did get scared that it was some demon or something , i convinced myself that it was a mere involuntary twitch , albeit very strong . 
  the difference with your story that really sounds freakish is the closet ... 
  i 've done before judo , jiu-jitsu and aikido . 
  now , after 2 years of doing krav maga , i 'm going tomorrow for my p3 exam . 
  happy to see fellow km people here . 
  btw i 'm with the krav maga global by eyal yanilov ( kmg ) and train and live in budapest , hungary - where imi lichtenfeld was born :-), 
  edit - passed p3 . 
  going for p4 in sept :-d, 
  for na or euw ? 
  summoner name : codoc, 
  region : euw, 
  number : 77, 
  i think this guy is just jealous that the bk employee has a job ( and a brain ) :-p, 
  is it too late to join the giveaway ? 
  sounds interesting !, 
  i 'm in . 
  also , is this just for na ? 
  cause i 'm in euw, 
  sir , i like your post . 
  good luck all :-), 
  i 'm also wondering . 
  any info on that ? 
  personally , i have had many many 3:30 am experiences . 
  because of that , i can not sleep in silence and always have some background music playing on my computer . 
  however , one night around the same time , my computer restarted itself and the volume was almost on maximum and so it freaked me out . 
  while trying to understand what just happened and staring at my computer , a song started to play and the words were `` because we . . are . . your friends . 
  you 'll never be alone '' ( justice vs simian - we are your friends ), 
  i should have had a party with them huh ? 
  i guess i have `` other '' types of friends , if you know what i mean ;-p, 
  too bad im on a different continent . . 
  under the picture it says `` relations between europe and the eu may be damaged ... '' that 's some far-fetching consequences imo :p, 
  event though putin initially said he 'd consider snowden 's asylum request , it 's improbable that he 'd provide him a safe haven . 
  exciting !, 
  putin is no fool . 
  damage has already been done and is irreversible . 
  someone else can continue snowden 's leaks ( e.g. 
  assange ), 
  for na only ? 
  how does this work ? 
  thanks for the correction :p, 
  our company organizes professional conferences for all industries all over the world . 
  i sell sponsorship packages in the area of financial events ( asset management , private banking etc. ) . 
  been in sales for about 6 years selling things such as online advertising , real estate etc. 
  as a sales manager , i 've worked with tons of different scripts . 
  which part of it are you struggling with ? 
  i 'd love to hear a concrete example . 
  using what you call a `` manipulative '' script sounds like it 's a pretty good script . 
  and giving away straight facts is the surest way to lose all control of the conversation , thereby wasting your time which you could use to reach out to 10 other people . 
  of course , you are essentially selling yourself , but you have to understand the concept behind each wording . 
  remember : telling is not selling . 
  people like to buy from professionals , and to be one you must have done a certain task a quadrillion times . 
  if you go to the doctor , do you care if he chit-chats or seems friendly ? 
  or would you rather want to feel like you are in expert hands who can easily find out what problem is and what 's the solution ? 
  not if you lack the necessary points in strength . 
  you could find a vendor store and purchase some paint and that would also work . 
  you are absolutely right ; you can be a good salesman and not have to lie . 
  the person who wrote this script has clearly no idea what he 's doing , so do not feel bad about feeling bad for using such a script . 
  let me go on by pointing out some things regarding this script . 
  when you make someone believe that you 've talked to them before and have never done so ( !, 
  ) , you instantly create doubt and confusion as your initial impact statement . 
  talking in a casual manner implies that you are not too serious and nobody ever wants to talk about their money with someone who is not serious . 
  talking about the weather is a very very typical mistake that people do . 
  it is a complete waste of time and energy for both you and your prospect . 
  there are alternative ways to build a rapport , but weather is never one of them . 
  this also applies to talking about their day . 
  what if they had a shit day ? 
  you create an uphill battle with this . 
  asking someone how they are doing is typically done out of courtesy and politeness but i highly discourage this . 
  also , if you specifically tell them that the weather is worse for you , what you are actually doing is you create the emotion of pity and sorry for the prospect . 
  and such emotions are not going to help you to close more deals . 
  never . 
  the sentence `` i should n't be wasting your entire day '' directly implies that you have already wasted part of his day . 
  not good . 
  pretending that you are going to do something very special for a prospect is a good thing . 
  really , it is a very good thing . 
  you have his undivided attention on the line , so making him feel that you are on his side is important . 
  there is an entire topic about this and it is part of closing . 
  for example , you could say `` if i could ... would you ... 
  the `` yes '' from him has to be as clear as if you would ask a woman to be your wife . 
  the slightest `` ugh '' or `` um ... '' is not good enough . 
  when you have this clear yes !, 
  then you get off the horn and wait for about 15-30 mins , and then do some push-ups so your heart would race and you 'd start to breathe heavier so that when you call him back , you can say `` great news !, 
  i just got the approval and i wanted to call you right away ! '', 
  never assume that he wants what you offer . 
  assume is made from 3 important words : ass u me . 
  expect him to buy , but leave him the option of feeling like a judge . 
  one very important and professional sentence is the following : `` what i have to say takes only a few moments , and you can judge for yourself if this is for you or not . 
  fair enough ? '', 
  all in all i would say that you have the right idea about sales , and unfortunately your superiors are wannabe salespeople who only care about bringing cash . 
  this will backfire for them in the long run . 
  but as for yourself , i 'd encourage you to read some books , watch some videos , and listen to sales professionals .
