  the two most famous movies that are known across all sales pros are `` boiler room '' and a bit older movie called `` glengarry glen ross '', 
  btw , you mentioned that you sell not in english . 
  which language do you sell in ? 
  one of the best ways to cure this debuff is to grind at the [ gym ] dungeon . 
  you can find epic and unique rewards that can modify your character 's appearance . 
  it also increases resistance to [ stress ] and is guaranteed to not only cure the [ low self-esteem ] debuff , but grants you an aoe buff [ high self-esteem ] . 
  but if you 're afraid to do a solo run , you can get a party together or even duo it with other players who also suffer from this debuff . 
  why would you feel at a disadvantage ? 
  who cares about other players as long as you and you co-op player are good ? 
  imo the real glitch might be when two of the same factions try to reproduce . 
  personally , i would not exaggerate with this whole `` going down to the warehouse '' idea because of a number of reasons . 
  by painting a picture that you go to a warehouse makes it sound like you have nothing better to do - and every prospect needs to know that you are a very busy person because there a million other people that you have to reach out to so they would too have the option of buying your product . 
  also , it makes people uncomfortable to know that someone out there has to do some physical work for them . 
  only after buying something people expect something/someone to work for them , but not before . 
  also , it sounds like you are doing something shady/dodgy for them which the company does n't know about . 
  however , that is not to say that the concept behind this is wrong or bad . 
  modifying pricing is generally a bad idea because what happens if two different clients of yours find out that they paid different prices for the same product ? 
  this is the reason why they must feel that you are doing them a favor when you give a discount or such because - you really are , and it 's your commission that you are cutting for yourself . 
  when you sell over the phone , you can be anyone in the world as long as you have the confidence in your voice . 
  when i started out in a small company of 15 people , we used to say that we were calling from the global hq . 
  was that a lie ? 
  was it the truth ? 
  does it even really matter ? 
  no , and that 's the point . 
  some people even use fake sales names to help them and there are areas where you might have an advantage . 
  for example , if you use an extremely generic name such as alex , nobody can guess where you 're from ( unless you have a strong accent ) . 
  and everyone in the world knows someone named alex or alexander - which makes it that much easier to get past through gatekeepers ( personal assistants , in case you have n't encountered them yet ) . 
  personally , i like using my own name and encourage everyone to do likewise . 
  at the end of the day , you work for yourself and are self-employed because each deal you make ( or fail to make ) directly impacts your wallet . 
  so you can use all tools available at your disposal as long as you are truthful about your product . 
  people buy first because they like you , and second because of your product . 
  this is why professional sales guys can sell a drunk monkey a banana . 
  or ice-cream to eskimos ;-), 
  watching that guy get those downvotes with such arrogant tone is amusing . 
  well phrased , sir . 
  i would seriously love to read franz schmidt 's ( the executioner ) journal . 
  i bet it 's rich in history and more interestingly , into his mind . 
  those octopuses were a real threat to national security !, 
  you are either a troll or simply stupid . 
  are you going to call daniel ellsberg also a traitor ? 
  ah , i get it . 
  you care more about * how * things are revealed rather than * what * . 
  good luck with that . 
  `` just dropping by to say hello '', 
  it is basically when one holds two conflicting ideas or thoughts because of different factors ( belief , political view etc. ) . 
  for example you might find a person sexually attractive but then try to ditch the idea of making any move by telling yourself that this is satan trying to get into your head . 
  yet still you have a natural want for them . 
  wellll . 
  it is a known fact that the sun goes through 11 year cycles . 
  it is also known that the earth 's magnetic poles already shifted before . 
  stupidest idea ever . 
  a fellow km practitioner asks questions like that . 
  well done :-) i 'm going for p4 this september . 
  btw , in case you decide to continue km there , the local instructor can easily answer your questions . 
  dude , here 's a question for you . 
  if you are so comfy earning the money you do , why would you want to give away industry secrets ? 
  i 've been in sales since i was 18 and could n't afford to continue to higher education and this `` real '' job taught me more about how industries work while many of my classmates have degrees and ca n't get a job . 
  sales is the oldest profession in the world ( aside from prostitution ... which in itself is kinda sales ) . 
  do n't you care that you can get fired ? 
  aside from that - best regards to a fellow sales guy :-), 
  like [ this ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/1968_olympics_black_power_salute ) ? 
  i 'm actually really looking forward to these olympic games . 
  exciting times we live in today . 
  it 's funny how you can see that there 's another car taking over and then both of them slow down . 
  that 's quite a decent osoto gari throw in that picture . 
  if this dude thinks russians in russia watch rt , he is mistaken . 
  now you made me think of what it would be like if martial art techniques would be named after famous brands . 
  `` did you see how he does the dolce and gabbana move ? '', 
  i just read the first two stories of the `` we died young '' from the link you mentioned above and i think i just quit because of that . 
  thank you . 
  what is ss ? 
  i will try to find out more on stronglifts programs . 
  i suppose it 's really a program that i 'm looking for . 
  not competitively . 
  i know i 'm strong thanks to the trainings i had but the muscles are not so easily visible because i did n't follow a diet and did n't go to the gym to specifically shape my body up . 
  i do n't know if that makes sense , 
  thanks , i think i found it . 
  but how do you regulate this in terms of your diet ? 
  do you burn more calories at either or would you say they are the same ? 
  that 's a good question ; i do n't know . 
  do you just count how many you can do or how slow you can do them ? 
  eitherway that 's precisely why i 'm looking into improving in those areas otherwise i 'd simply stick to km . 
  i dont know . 
  i never tried but im very eager to . 
  i 'm very happy to hear that :d, 
  only a few of us fit in this group . 
  i feel like this will get me on the list xd, 
  looks like i was wrong then :p, 
  should be somewhere here : http://www.theguardian.com/news/datablog/interactive/2013/aug/22/chemical-attacks-in-syria-reports-mapped, 
  consider this : assad has been fighting rebels which include terrorists while also defending himself politically on the international spectrum . 
  do you think that after a number of successful victories that were pro-government , that he would be that stupid to use chemical weapons right before the peace talks would begin ? 
  it would be the most stupid things in the world to use such an attack and expect us not to jump on it 's old bandwagon the same way it was done in iraq . 
  the one that was planned for september . 
  thanks for the bbc article , i missed out on that . 
  regarding the `` doubt '' . . it made me think of how the guardian quoted daily mail today :, 
  `` how does one quantify doubt ? 
  how much doubt does there have to be , when a quite possibly unlimited war is in question ? 
  if there is doubt of any kind , surely we should n't be broadcasting or writing as if there were no doubt , let alone talking about embroiling ourselves in a vast and probably endless sectarian war between shia and sunni , now rapidly catching fire in the region ? 
  in a criminal trial , doubt simply has to be reasonable to prevent conviction . 
  but where has reason gone in this episode ?
