you 're the one being selfish , if someone does n't want a kid they are not the best candidate for parenting , do n't push people into something they do n't want when their mindset will impact the life of another human being . 
  it 's a huge responsability and a very stressful task , you should fully want to commit to it , not just do it out of duty . 
  those horny murcians , man . 
  is ... that the only boy living there ? 
  `` 11 year-old juan romero is the only boy in the village of selas . '', 
  oh fuck , that 's one lonely childhood . 
   if you , as an owner , refuse to cater to a huge portion of your potential costumers by not speaking their language , the so-called `` boycott '' is warranted and deserved . 
  that 's funny , because if the picture is anything to go by , the app includes regions that do n't even have a 5 % of catalan speakers within its map , which makes the '' ... and live 100 % in catalan '' sound quite delusional . 
  http://eu-cancer.iarc.fr/eucan/cancer.aspx?cancer=18 do n't know what 's up with northern ladies ' lungs that they bring the global cancer rates of their respective countries way up , but the source seems as reliable as it gets . 
  either way , we rank pretty high , much higher than italy . 
  iceland ranks higher than us if you look at the incidence of cancer on both sexes , and the global health index seems to reflect that since their penalty is higher , so surely lung cancer is not the only factor to blame , but it 's the first one that comes to mind . 
  [ blasphemeeee !, 
  ] ( http://angermentor.com/wp-content/uploads/2014/04/angry-war-hungry-god.jpg ), 
  lung cancer . 
  i did n't know italians were made of jello . 
  i will bite one next time i see them . 
  freedom of speech does n't mean freedom of consequence . 
  you say bigoted bullshit , expect to be sanctioned . 
  we advocate for men to be more free to express emotions which in turn would make it more likely for them to seek help if they need it . 
  the stupid stereotype of `` men do n't cry '' is awful for mental health , and the fact that they ca n't reach out makes anyone feel more alone when that 's the last thing a depressed person needs . 
  do n't know about other southern countries or places within spain , but whenever i 'm around the university area i see people jogging around . 
  they 're not outliers , and as i 've already stated , your general claim has been disproven . 
  https://www.psychologytoday.com/blog/beautiful-minds/201207/men-women-and-iq-setting-the-record-straight  you 're the one defining the value of a person by his/her iq , not me . 
  the second you give the benefit of doubt to a man who 's , again , insisting women should be paid less , you 're stating that women are inferior and deserve inferior pay for their inferior work . 
  funny how you keep forgetting you 're defending a man who 's stated women deserve less pay for equal work on basis of fake claims . 
  and yes you 're defending him . 
  you stood by his side and proudly claimed `` you should listen to him !, 
  i truly believe he must be responding to some brain-dead claim ! '', 
  here are your literal words , in case you 've forgotten them . 
   are none of you interested in the point he was making ? 
  i imagine he was arguing against some brain-dead justification for instituting a sex quota where it does n't belong . 
  that 's the smelly smell of devils advocate defense , galt . 
  especially when the whole post is filled with people saying that , yeah , he 's just a sexist . 
  let 's cut to the chase : you 're a sexist . 
  you will look for justifications of your sexists views . 
  you 're dead wrong , and i 'm done arguing with your bigoted ass . 
  have a good day . 
   i 'm not going to try to convert you from your religion . 
  funny you 'd mention religion , you made the equivalent of going to the bible looking for facts about god 's existence hoping i 'd take it at face value . 
  i 'm also not the one claiming half a gender to be inferior and defending a politician who stated we deserve less pay based on fake claims . 
  for as much as you 'd like to make it seem legit on basis of loco-motor skill studies and ovulation cycles , reality proves women have as much brain power as men , and regardless of being denied access to education , we 've always been interested in helping humanity out . 
  here 's one woman who could 've just stayed home and silently accept the limitations imposed on her , but fought against them instead . 
  http://www.atlasobscura.com/articles/the-secret-polish-university-for-women-where-marie-curie-got-her-start and did you know computer science started out as a woman 's job ? 
  here 's the one to which americans owe having put a man on the moon . 
  http://www.bbc.com/news/world-us-canada-38076123  carry on in blissful ignorance . 
  right back at you !, 
  women have been put down and denied their rights on the same claims you 're making that we are inferior . 
  we had no problem proving you wrong , and we 'll continue doing so . 
  sciencevsfeminism does n't set the tone for a biased argument at all , no sire . 
  i believe you really , truly look for facts and not articles that fit your beliefs and that a website entirely dedicated to bash an ideology for women 's rights wo n't at all look at the data that fits its obviously non-existent agenda . 
  oh but let 's have a closer look at the clearly non-agenda pushing website you so kindly provided . 
  ... why , how surprising , it turns out it is fully dedicated to `` proving '' how women are inferior in every single aspect !, 
  seems we should n't even be allowed to vote because of ovulation !, 
  this should n't be called sciencevsfeminism , it should be called misogynistsvswomen . 
  yeah ? 
  studies ? 
  the same kind of studies that scientists used in the past to sell the story of how women were at risk of insanity for just reading ? 
  and based on tests which people are now realizing are biased and do n't really mean much about a person 's smarts ? 
  here 's the facts for you : women scored less in the past , when they were prevented from getting an education or doing anything other than being sleep deprived from taking care of children . 
  ca n't score too high when you can barely even read , can you ? 
  come back to the present to find women being more educated than men and performing better academically , and now studies are coming up showing that women are actually scoring better on iq tests , too !, 
  we 're better prepared for work than ever , on par with men , but sure , women deserve less pay because they 're `` less intelligent ! '', 
   are none of you interested in the point he was making ? 
  which one ? 
  the one where he called 50 % of the population less intelligent ? 
  and you 're giving him the benefit of doubt after he 's pulled that bullshit ? 
  ... wtf ? 
  come sit by the fire and let your skepticism shine through , muesli . 
   the spanish never did have problems reconciling piety with violence . 
  whoever wrote the bible did n't , either . 
  cool article . 
  we can never be certain of anything , because we 're flawed creatures and just as we ca n't see certain wavelengths of light because our eyes are n't built for them , perhaps our brain lacks the ability to fully understand the universe . 
  still , the same principle that makes me an atheist applies to everything supernatural . 
  if there 's no proof of its existence i do n't have any reason to believe in it . 
  and i personally have n't experienced anything paranormal . 
  you should have both animals so the dog will take care of the bones after the cat is done with the flesh , that way you do n't have to pay for a funeral . 
  see ? 
   fucking hell when i see an online map i do n't run a background check on the author . 
  why the fuck am i supposed to know anything about the author ? 
  i could n't care less about the issue and bothered to look it up . 
  benefit of the doubt , i guess . 
  my mistake is not knowing andorra had catalan as official but when i was pointed out my mistake i did n't double down . 
  you on the other hand are accusing me of hating a place because i do n't agree with your worldview , put words in my mouth i 've never said , and are now claiming that i 'm either drunk or high . 
  plus , we argued already in the past and you were one of the biggest assholes i 've had the displeassure of meeting over here . 
  what 's sad is seeing how you can never understand that someone disagreeing with you does n't mean they hate catalonia . 
  no , you 're the one who has to re-read . 
  he know about catalan 's existence , he just does n't know it is official on andorra . 
  this might be a hard difference to grasp as you flame on in rage but trust me , you 're the one looking rather silly right now . 
  it 's the same dude making all those maps . 
  how could he have added catalan to one in 2016 and not know about it in 2017 ? 
  do you reckon he hit his head and forgot about it ? 
   what point are you even trying to make with the african languages thing ? 
  i already explained what african languages have to do with this . 
  maybe if you take a second to relax your usual self-righteous rage and read the whole argument you would 've come across it . 
   of course we do n't know much about africa : i , like most of us here , barely ever have to deal with their languages , their cities , their geography , and traditions . 
  of course i do n't know much about them . 
  well , most people outside of spain do n't deal much with your language , either . 
  that 's what it has in common with africa . 
  outside of travel you wo n't come across catalan that much . 
  oh i know , you expect tourists to learn the language ... tought luck , they expect everyone in europe to speak english , you 're not a special persecuted snowflake in this regard , either , they 've come at me speaking in english from the get go .
