  i do n't know if you 're of the thought that homosexuality is a choice ( which is not true ) , but normalizing homo marriages wo n't increase the amount of gay people there are , they will be born at the same rate they currently are . 
  your fears are unfounded . 
  i 'm not against polyamory as long as it 's all done among informed adults , not harem style where one man buys a dozen women who have no choice but to submit because that 's their best option . 
  the downside is that polyamorous relationships are n't the easiest , and every person involved needs to be very mature emotionally speaking , or jelousy will arise . 
  divorces are hard enough when it deals with two people , i ca n't imagine what it 'd be like with multiple of them . 
   what if it is two brothers , there is no inbreed there . 
  besides just because they are married does n't mean they want to have children . 
  sure , lets grasp at straws just to argue against healthy relationships that harm no one , makes sense . 
  `` what if aliens come to earth , would it be okay to marry a goat , then ? '', 
  they may not want to have kids , but marriage helps normalize something , for good or bad . 
  in the case of homosexual relationships it helps see them as the equals they truly are . 
  in the case of incestuous relationships , regardless of them not having children , it helps normalize it and eventually we would n't mind if they do procreate . 
  in truth it does n't really matter if they get married , since you do n't lose the ability to have kids out of wedlock , but avoiding giving them a free pass helps avoid the issue . 
  it was common thing to marry children and get them pregnant as soon as their first menstruation came , but we criminalized it , and pedophilia is now despised . 
  not allowing incest to be official serves a similar function . 
   and also still the people against gay marriage usually care more about the issue than those in favour . 
  not really . 
  spanish party pp wanted to make marriage into civil union when they came back to power after socialist party psoe allowed gay marriage . 
  the backlash was enough for them not to further pursue the issue . 
   now you completely dodged the point about preventing people with genetic diseases from procreating which by that logic you also should be in favour of . 
  not really , no . 
  if you carry an illness and ca n't help passing it down regardless of who your partner is , there 's no point in denying your freedom to procreate . 
  but if it turns out you greatly decreasse the chance of passing down an illness just by choosing someone who 's not related to you , then yeah your freedom is n't the most important issue at hand . 
   i could say the same thing about you not accepting marriage between siblings . 
  and you can go further , why ca n't i get married with two people or with a pet ... 
  yes , worrying about the damage inbreeding can cause to a bloodline 's dna is in line with denying a relationship because `` a penis should n't go in a man 's butt ! '', 
  a pet is in line with having sex with a kid in that it can not consent . 
  you draw the line in relationships that do n't harm any of the parties involved , and where damage to kids can be avoided just by choosing a partner who is n't genetically related to you . 
  'cause it 's really one thing to pass an illness down just 'cause you have it , and you ca n't help it no matter who you choose to have kids with , but it is another to up the chances of passing illness down your legacy just 'cause you like your cousing . 
   i just believe you could argue that one of the primary purposes of marriage is to produce offspring and gay people ca n't do that much more openly than infertile people . 
  people who argue that are n't living in this century , imo . 
  nowadays marriage is just a symbolic union that grants you some extra rights . 
  arguing its purpose is to have children is like arguing women 's purpose is to stay at home while men work : outdated , close-minded , restrictive . 
  this also brings us to another important point : a view being traditionally held does n't mean we should just accept it . 
  at the very core it boils down to people being inlove and wanting to tie the knot and form a family , so why not call it marriage instead of civil union ? 
   then again can you explain to me why you are against incest marriages ? 
  i already said inbreeding is n't good for the population . 
  we have our example in the monarchy with charles ii of spain . 
  upping the chances of having a very ill child is far worse than not having them at all , i do n't see how this can be used as a comparation . 
  you do n't hurt that which does n't exist , but a child might suffer severe illnesses that could 've been prevented by not allowing inbreeding . 
  it 's the same reason why we have tests to diagnose ilnesses early on and give parents a chance to stop the pregnancy . 
  perhaps in a future where genetic engineering is an affordable task where we can prevent illnesses at command incest would n't have to be argued against , but we do n't live in such a world . 
  plenty of heterosexual people are infertile and nobody goes around calling them sinful and suboptimal . 
  when you are told by a person that they ca n't have children , you probably give them a sympathetic look and tell them that there 's always adoption , you do n't glare at them because they 're in a relationship that will not produce offspring , do you ? 
  and if you 're going to argue that homosexuals `` choose '' not to procreate : should heterosexual people who do n't want children for one reason or another be banned from marrying , too ? 
  i have n't seen anyone argue against these suboptimal types of heterosexual relationships . 
  have you ? 
  people are against homosexual relationships because we carry a tradition of bigotry . 
  nothing else , nothing more . 
   you ca n't marry if you 're 10 years old , you ca n't marry your closest kin you ca n't use these two examples and call it a day because these two scenarios are nothing like two consenting adults whose relationship harms no one . 
  we do n't allow children to marry because they 're not mature enough to make such a decision and allowing it to happen usually leads to an adult taking advantadge of a child . 
  we are n't fond of incest because inbreeding is n't optimal . 
  there 's absolutely no harm caused by two people of the same gender marrying , and even if they ca n't produce their own offspring , they can and will adopt children who would otherwise remain orphan because heterosexual people who can reproduce rarely want to adopt . 
  if we 're going to argue that relationships where people ca n't have children are unnatural , then a heterosexual marriage where a woman or a man are infertile should n't be allowed either . 
  if homosexual sex is unnatural , then we should n't allow people to do anything other than penis in vagina . 
  but you guys sure love putting it in a woman 's butt without anyone claiming it 's unnatural , how comes ? 
  there 's really nothing unnatural about their relationships . 
  the reasons against homosexual relationships have no real basis , whereas the other two have very solid reasons not to be accepted . 
  in other words : reasons against homosexual marriage are based on irrational opinions , the other two are not . 
  i can picture it already . 
  `` hello mr. trump , i think we call all agree that we 're feelings and we have human beings , and that americans are very americans and much american , but you have to keep in mind that i like mexicans because they do stuff . '', 
  we 're in capable hands , everyone !, 
  how early you start does n't matter much if the quality of your education system happens to be garbage and people drop out . 
  no one can be fluent if they leave school early on , and spain has a high dropout percentage . 
  i 've had a headache the whole afternoon-evening and my energy for arguments has gone down the drain , plus this is getting more and more long winged by the minute , so i 'll keep it ... 
  `` short . '', 
  since kids start school at a young age they ca n't really make the decision themselves , and keeping in mind parents will have to help with homework , it is understandable that some might get irritated . 
  this is why my mother learnt valencian herself . 
  she did n't speak it , but enrolled me on a valencian-speaking school , and since she had to help me with homework she picked it up from me and canal 9 , which i loved watching . 
  and yes , it does bother me . 
  that we get no recognition and are mostly forgotten , yet we give more money than we receive , that they took our channel from us ( right after knocking off the antenna that allowed us to watch catalan channels ) which even if it was n't the best , plenty of people enjoyed it and it was a reliable channel for good kids content ( and perfect to familiarize them with valencian ) , that i have to travel 5 hours by train to barcelona , etc. 
  part of what irks me about the independentist flag is that it 's a reminder that we could lose a good neighbour , and that relationships that could 've been very friendly will turn sour quick if secession were to happen , because i truly believe spain will make is as ugly as possible . 
  i would love nothing more than to be in good terms with catalonia and be sister regions to the best of our ability , but pan-catalanism paranoia and spain 's francoist ppast got in the way . 
   however , spanish nationalists ( namely pp ) do n't even let thousands of your kids to learn your own language in school ( and before you mention the immersi\u00f3 in catalonia - we learn spanish and have grades above average in the country - and only 20-something families have requested `` only spanish '' at public school ) . 
  they do n't want kids who do n't speak valencian home to be forced to learn it , that 's true , and are bent over on preventing any priorization of valencian over spanish on behalf of their parents freedom to choose , which is pretty bad , because some region 's quality of education when it comes to the language is just terrible and their tantrums just makes the issue worse . 
  but have they really banned a school from outright teaching the language ? 
  i 've never heard of it . 
  the issue about people who do n't speak valencian at home being forced to learn the language is delicate . 
  while i do n't want it to disappear , i 'm all for `` live and let live '' . 
  a compromise for freedom would easily mean we 'll be overtaken by spanish in some regions , as most people see it as a useless thing even if it opens more job opportunities here within the community . 
   valencia is probably the most hostile region for a catalan , not only because the nationwide propaganda against us , but also because the added regionwide propaganda about how we want to invade you and eat your babies . 
  perchance you 've fallen prey of the same evil that makes some valencians think you want to invade us . 
  i do n't think there 's more hostility here than elsewhere , and given that there was more support of podemos here than in most other regions , with the referendum being on their program , i do n't think propaganda catches on as much as they want , 'cause the voters here sure did n't seem to mind the fact that pablo wanted to support your choice . 
  what i 've noticed is tiredness about an issue that as neighbours affect us , yet our opinion does n't count at all , but some feel free to come over here and hang flags wherever which just adds insult to injury . 
  we 're kept out and at the same time we 're dragged into the problem first hand . 
  it makes people more susceptible to snap when confronted with the issue , but it does n't mean they hate you . 
  huh ? 
  independentists are comfortable enough here that the cup hung the estelada in the torres de serranos ( valencia ) and other than taking the flag out , there were no incidents . 
  the way you speak about us , you 'd think we would 've tracked down , kidnap whoever did it and killed them . 
  i guess vicious valencians are n't living up to expectations ... 
  well then , whatever brought neo nazis here is n't valencia 's people complacency to racists or support from us , 'cause we confront them whenever they rear their ugly head . 
  i live on a poor neighbourhood surrounded by people from various regions of africa and there 's never been an ugly confrontation with racists here , either . 
  everyone walks around safely , no swastika to be seen . 
  you make it sound like immigrant hell , but reality does n't check out . 
  not saying it 's perfect either , and sure there are racist paintings here and there , but they 're crossed out whenever someone spots them . 
   i feel about you like our brothers , but it would seem you think we 're backwards and are ashamed of our common roots . 
  i do n't think anyone here thinks you 're backwards . 
  pissed that you want to secede , yes . 
  but feeling you 're backwards , not so much . 
  we 're not ashamed of our common roots , mostly nationalists pushed the fear that you want to swallow our culture whole and together with spanish propaganda , it put some people in the defensive .
