  and the ones that learnt spanish did so because latin american influence made it that much more important , otherwise i do n't think that many people would 've learnt spanish to begin with . 
   we ca n't call out this anomaly in the map just because some people do n't give 2 shits about the language they speak ? 
  some ? 
  most people . 
  most people do n't give two shits about languages . 
  step out of your bubble and you 'll see yourself . 
   `` oh come on , do n't complain . 
  there are lots of languages that have been left out and their speakers do n't complain '' `` oh come on , do n't complain . 
  if you look at a list of regional languages you 'll find a lot of languages like yours . 
  no one cares about a language that is barely spoken and , besides , why would you be different ? '', 
  it 's always good to be strawmaned , it proves the person you 're talking to is trying his best to understand what you 're saying . 
  no , my logic is neither of those . 
  i 'm saying that blaming the central government about catalan not being widely known outside of spain is useless , and gave examples as to why this is so . 
  the thing is that languages that are n't seen as useful will be forgotten . 
  i do n't want this to happen , i like every spanish regional language and want them to be protected . 
  but it is a fact that people do n't care about them if it is n't of any use of them . 
  it 's not a conspiracy against said languages . 
  now feel free to keep strawmaning . 
  i am an evil spaniard i want to anihilate everything non-spanish !, 
  look at me stomping the catalan language out of existence !, 
   i do n't think he wanted to `` simplify the map '' , that 'd be dumb however you look at it . 
  i want to think they do n't know about catalan , which is understandable , i guess . 
  oh yeah , he does n't know about it , which is why he added it in this one map . 
  https://jakubmarian.com/map-of-languages-and-language-families-of-europe/ you want to think whatever makes you feel justified in thinking everyone 's against catalonia , have a go at it . 
  he named the fact that he did n't feel like adding regional languages because they 're too many , plus made a map including catalan in the past , but sure , he must have something against catalan in specific , that 's why he skipped catalan and catalan alone . 
   1 - catalan is the official language of a european country : andorra i did n't know about it . 
  bet he does n't know it is official there , either , but it 's far easier to assume people have something against you . 
  i already told someone else to contact him to make a regional language variation , but it 's far easier to whine about it on reddit . 
  just a thing , though , the central government of spain can not opress an independent country like andorra , so that theory that catalan is n't known because of the central government just does n't make much sense , if a country that has it as an official language has n't helped one bit in your plea , perhaps there 's something else to blame . 
   i think it 's a result of the anomalous situation in which catalan has been placed by the spanish government . 
  well , not really . 
  there was persecution in the past , but now you 're free to teach regional languages in school , are you not ? 
  i know valencian is compulsive here ( i 'm pretty sure even foreigners need to learn it to get into university ) which pumps up the amount of catalan speakers , so you know ... next time you feel persecuted by spaniards remember that the balear islands and valencian community are aiding in preserving catalan . 
  also , remember that you 're speaking of a linguist here , he is very well aware of catalan 's existence , you do n't need to remind him . 
  and i do n't see other countries making much of an effort to make their regional languages well-known . 
  fact of the matter is that if you look at a list of regional languages you 'll find a long list of them endangered . 
  your situation is n't anomalous . 
   i think people can name more african language , i certainly can ( although i enjoy this topic ) . 
  i think you overestimate the average person 's interest in foreign languages . 
   no knowing the language of a small tribe in the mountains of papua-new guinea is not the same as not knowing a european language spoken by milions right next to you . 
  to normal people it 's all the same . 
  some woman i knew from peru was feeling very proud that her country had ditched the cooficiality of quechua in favor of english . 
  she saw that as progress , i saw it as a sad fact that if it is n't evidently useful , people do n't care about languages . 
  he dismissed every single european regional language , and stated his reasons . 
  it was either laziness or fear of overwhelming people with too many characters together in tiny spaces , because there are regions where characters are almost overlaping . 
  ask him to make specific maps for regional languages if you must , he 's replying to people 's questions so he will definitely read your request , but i do n't see the need to feel attacked . 
   i think it 's an anomaly that we have to remind people that there 's millions of catalan speakers ( and galician , and basque ) how many people can name any single language spoken in africa , other than maybe afrikaans ? 
  it 's really not an anomaly , it 's actually the norm . 
  truth is the world is filled to the brim with languages and we can only name a handful . 
   dismissing it as ` regional ' is not a very clever move in my opinion . 
  clever move ? 
  to some dude who lives who knows where the independence movements of spain are probably completely unimportant and irrelevant , so to him every regional language is the same , and if he adds in catalan , it would only be fair to add sami , even if they have a lot less speakers . 
  he just wanted to simplify the map . 
   the following map shows a list of special characters used for each national european language ( regional languages are not included , because they often do not have completely established orthographies and also because there are simply too many ) . 
  this swede 's misdeeds proves every single swede is dangerous , we should ban them all from coming . 
  nay , we should ban all nords !, 
  they 're in cahoots to destroy southern civilization , i say !, 
  well , he has lips . 
  when have you seen a swedish with lips , huh ? 
  never , that 's when !, 
  [ true swede ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/a/a8/jonas_sj%c3%b6stedt_in_sept_2014_-2.jpg/220px-jonas_sj%c3%b6stedt_in_sept_2014_-2.jpg ) vs [ fake swede ] ( http://d.ibtimes.co.uk/en/full/1365392/1984-file-picture-shows-swedens-prime-minister-olof-palme.jpg ), 
  be sure to bring a map or you 'll get lost on the one single lonely road it has . 
  let 's see how long it takes for that to change with donald `` climate change is a hoax '' trump . 
  or at least i think he is , since he 's mistaken what `` cultural appropriation '' means i thought he might 've mistaken the kingdom of aragon to be the same as the crown , too . 
   you are telling me that catalonia was n't part of the crown of aragon ? 
  he 's saying the crown of aragon and catalonia are two different things . 
  the kingdom of valencia belonged to it but i would n't dare say we are the crown of aragon . 
  seeing how nobody shares news about women and children being beaten and raped unless a refugee did it you 'd think it 's the other way around , and they only matter when its done by certain people . 
  in fact whenever i read news about a spaniard being raped , if no nationality is named , you 'll always find a good number of people pointing fingers at gypsies or latinos , as if spaniards were saints uncapable of harming . 
  ` tis true that paella 's perfection has been corrupted by some mortal 's ignorance who dare defy divinity itself by `` improving '' a dish that can not be improved , for its recipe was handed down by the gods themselves , and is thus perfect by nature . 
  shame on them !, 
  ( this is all in jest btw , i 'm no puritan when i cook the dish myself . 
  but hell has a special room reserved for those that add chorizo to it , that 's one unforgivable aberration . 
   to assume we all love the paella do you mean to imply someone might not like paella !? 
  this offends me greatly . 
  literal quote from your article : `` the research findings do not support the idea that sexual orientation can be purposefully altered -- taught or learned through social means -- or that non-heterosexual orientations become more common with increased social tolerance . '', 
  it 's stating that what you fear about normalizing homosexuality is n't proven by research . 
  you should really consider if maybe you have an irrational fear , 'cause it 's not backed up by anything . 
   it does n't seem to be a well accepted theory . 
  funny , i keep finding articles pointing to the same cause . 
  if it is n't epigenetics , it 's something else equally related to genetics in one way or another , never environmental factors . 
   ( ... ) your surroundings as you grow up probably have as much influence on it . 
  well , is there a widely accepted theory supporting this ? 
  a scientifically supported one , i mean . 
   however the more gay people exist in your surroundings the more likely you are to become gay . 
  that 's not true . 
  there 's not a gay gene , correct , but it does have a genetical component all the same . 
  you do n't turn children gay just by exposing them to a lot of gays in their life . 
  here 's a study for you . 
  http://www.nimbios.org/press/fs_homosexuality so no , normalizing homosexuality poses no risk to our population , they wo n't turn anyone gay , and birth rates wo n't decrease because of them . 
   by that logic , we do n't want to normalise being gay because it reduces offspring and risks destroying your population . 
  what ? 
  risks destroying the population ? 
  just how many gays do you think there are ? 
  they 're a small percentage of the 7 billion people living on this planet , they could n't destroy anything even if they wanted to . 
  and they wo n't reproduce even if you do n't allow them to marry ... because they 're not going to have sex with the opposite gender unless you force them to ( which is unacceptable ) and since sex between people of different genders is a key factor in getting someone pregnant , there wo n't be a reduced number of offspring . 
  they wo n't have had children no matter what , because regardless of being allowed to marry they 'll spend their life having homosex . 
  btw there 's a big number of orphan kids that these couples will gladly adopt . 
  even if gay people do n't have kids , they will greatly contribute to society with their relationships . 
  gays marrying are n't going to increase the amount of gays there are , either .
