  have a good one !, 
  my point was that it 's not `` a big city '' and still has quality restaurants , unlike / u/phibber suggested . 
  cheers . 
  in your defense , english is the exception . 
  the fruit is almost universally called `` ananas '' . 
   [ pineapple in other languages ] ( http://www.buzzhunt.co.uk/wp-content/2011/04/the-word-pineapple-in-different-languages.jpg ), 
  well , the chinese couple at the local snackbar seem to be doing a good job of frying the crap out of everything . 
  you 're not rambling . 
  i found it fascinating to read actually . 
  my thanks . 
  you 're citing excellent examples , too ( i followed news about the icelandic crisis in particular ) . 
  really comprehensible this way . 
  i knew london was bad . 
  but reading it all summed up like that puts it in a whole new perspective . 
  i 've always thought of commissioner neelie kroes as a pretty good anti-trust watch dog , but you 're saying the problem is n't so much with anti-trust , it 's the lack of any other kind of regulation . 
  what would you like the centralized authority 's powers to consist of ? 
  what framework would need to be established for it to have any effect at all ? 
  yeah , sure , but i was referring to fries . 
  everybody likes fries . 
  i bet most romanians think drinking is perfectly acceptable though . 
  [ wikipedia ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_countries_by_alcohol_consumption ) says romanians drink 1,5 times the alcohol that dutch people drink annually . 
  and slightly more than the irish , in fact !, 
   a single european financial regulatory agency that would be a good thing imo . 
  the economic crisis has revealed as much . 
   acquisitions of bank holding companies have been eased substantially then again , this bothers me . 
  it seems the societal role of banks has all but vanished . 
   thanks to the uk ( and other eu nations with large financial sectors ) . 
  i 've recently been reading up on the city of london financial area . 
  an old boys network if there ever was one . 
   investment banks in the us complain its `` unfair '' and say they cant compete can you elaborate a little bit more on this ? 
  are us laws on issuing securities very strict ? 
  i was n't offended . 
  i think romania legalised medical marihuana now , right ? 
  it 's just that finland usually outranks us on lists like these . 
  belgium usually trails us pretty closely . 
  come to think of it , ideally we should have a belgian chef cooking with dutch ingredients . 
  actually , one of the finest restaurants in the netherlands is called `` de librije '' and is located in zwolle . 
  not exactly a metropole . 
  what indications lead you to this conclusion ? 
  cannabis use in the netherlands is on par with use in germany , belgium and the uk for example . 
  it 's just decriminalised because we think it 's silly to jail someone for smoking weed . 
  by the way , is n't hemp one of romania 's biggest exports ? 
  well , being direct and brutally honest is also typically dutch . 
  maybe they did n't really like it , but were afraid to insult their host . 
  you might be on to something there . 
  by the way , there are decent restaurants in the netherlands , they 're just really expensive . 
   ananas pineapple , 
   lets say finland not them again ... 
  we usually leave it to indonesians . 
  have n't you ever tried frying the potatoes ? 
  well , it 's not as bad as an english breakfast , that 's for sure . 
  i am with stupidity slapped . 
  yes , he 's called [ bob ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/bob_campaign ) . 
   new years conference comedy show televised at december 31st , by a popular comedian . 
  often dutch comedy shows include much more of a narrative than typical stand-up comedy does . 
  in these types of shows , major events of the past year will be remembered , put in context , made fun of , etc. 
  there might be a lot more anti-eu sentiment than you realise . 
  even in france , for example . 
  i for one do n't expect to live in a federal europe any time soon . 
  and there 's positive and negative sides to that . 
  my thoughts as well . 
  the ( google-translated ) lithuanian wikipedia article is n't much help either , i 'm afraid . 
  i deliberately likened our country to a us state in this instance . 
  it 's slightly less than twice the size of new jersey and has 16.8 mln inhabitants ( yes , it 's densely populated ) . 
  indeed , protests can be attended by anyone who can afford a car or a train ticket . 
  likewise , in the states , anyone who 'd want to , could go down to their state capital to protest . 
  the main difference between us states and european countries in this case is that the latter have much more autonomy , so protesting a federal law would indeed be harder in the us , depending on geographical distance . 
  actually one of the reasons only the germans really and not many other nations are advocating a federal eu is what you 're describing ; more power flowing to brussels . 
  on a sidenote , our capital is amsterdam , but the seat of the government is in the hague , so a protest would have more effect there . 
  have you read [ this part ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/lithuanian_conferences_during_world_war_i#post_vilnius_conference ) of the linked wikipedia article ? 
  well , then the mapmaker would also have to explain why the lithuanian ethnicity is so large . 
  as you might have read in this thread , this map served as a propaganda tool . 
  we might have thought he was biased !, 
  good point on slavery . 
  i realise the us have a precarious history involving that very subject . 
  not in the last place because the british , the dutch , the portuguese and african chiefs themselves enabled the trade of humans . 
  a black page in history if there ever was one . 
  anyway , if any of these `` security '' companies are eligible for running prisons in the netherlands , i assure you : bet on an outrage . 
  other than in the us , the dutch government has a monopoly on violence . 
  that in and of itself sounds strange to american ears ( and less so to british ones ) , but there 's one important difference : our government comprises of people we can prosecute . 
   i think our country being comparable to a us state in terms of size is working for us . 
  that does n't mean we ca n't get outraged because some police officers got away with mistreating someone , though . 
  i think my opinion is pretty universal when i say we hate anyone abusing their power . 
  last time we tolerated that sheezy was when the pope told us what to do . 
  thanks for the stats !, 
  i think this trend is truly worrying . 
  i did n't mean to berate americans , just these kind of prisons . 
  this being reddit , i first heard about this phenomenon occurring in the us . 
  i do n't hate much , but i do hate slave labour , even if the labourers are criminals . 
  sidenote : i know g4s , but in the netherlands they are mostly known for armoured transport . 
  the legend is at the bottom of the map . 
  use the [ hi res version ] ( http://ic.pics.livejournal.com/alonka/5722341/87540/87540_original.jpg ) . 
  you 're basically describing american private prisons . 
  yes , you read that right , non-government owned for-profit prisons . 
  prisoners work for less than minimum wage . 
  and to think it costs around eur 200 , - a day to keep someone in prison . 
  eur 16 , - would be a drop in the ocean . 
   uninformed opinions ftfy, 
  notice how i said '' * supposedly * '' and '' * might seem * counterintuitive '' ? 
  also , i never talked about * racial * superiority theories .
