  you 're projecting . 
  but yeah , my point still stands that their voters do n't realise how much we 've benefited from the union . 
  because supposedly ultra-nationalists think their country/culture is superior , so cooperating with another countries/cultures might seem counterintuitive . 
  one of the goals they all share though , is that of less foreign/european influence . 
  people who vote for these parties do not realise the peace , trade and power the eu has brought us over the years . 
  en hoe wil je dat we `` make these people understand '' ? 
   \u0ca0_\u0ca0 you can make that face , but those were your words . 
  notice the quotation marks i used ? 
   people should be free to watch whatever they want . 
  yeah , when subtitled . 
  and they ca n't wear what they want , or talk in whatever language they want , according to you . 
  that 's all part of legislating taste . 
  i can understand outlawing certain clothing , like balaclavas and niqabs because the wearer is unidentifiable . 
  but you want to fine people and mask that as an incentive because you do n't like being in the same store with them . 
  it 's a pity you did n't respond to my example of me supposedly being against anarchists . 
  do you think anarchists need a course in political science ? 
  it sounds like you want to * legislate taste * because of your prejudice ; `` they should get therapy , they 're lazy , they 're rude '' . 
  bad idea . 
  i have something against women who associate with anarchism . 
  they should get therapy , they 're lazy , they 're rude . 
  all of the tv they watch should be checked before it goes on the air to ensure no anarchistic worldviews are propagated . 
  i think they should get a mandatory political science class because it 's insensitive of them to spread their blatantly anarchistic political views . 
  it should be called `` you 're in a capitalist society '' , or something like that . 
  this should be an option . 
  fines for their wives wearing headscarves ? 
  why not fine bible belt husbands too , then , since their wives often wear headscarves too ? 
  how do you know the husbands are the ones responsible for the women wearing headscarves ? 
  how about single muslim women ? 
  how about muslim girls ? 
  why not fine male jews for wearing little hats ( yamulkas ) ? 
  why would n't you fine leather jackets ? 
  why not fine fur coats ? 
  language classes are mandatory for new citizens . 
  ca n't make people do a language test when they 've got a dutch passport . 
  how would you feel if the government singled out all gay or black people for a language test at age 65 ? 
  you would spend tax payer money to translate every single satellite channel 24/7 just because you do n't like standing in a store with muslimas ? 
  i do n't think you 've thought this trough . 
  ^ ( edit : scarves , not scarfs . ), 
   the pvda [ ... ] have never done anything to further the cause of the women of the people who vote for them . 
  what do you propose ? 
  extreme engineering did a documentary on that . 
  it 's behind a pay-wall . 
  do n't know if that 'll stop you , though . 
  my point was to counter the `` cheese eating surrender monkeys '' argument . 
  i do not feel the need to defend our french brethern any further than that . 
  i value achievements over biological conditions . 
   you might be taken aback that i said that not at all . 
  i think that 's true . 
  said he , somewhat saddened . 
    taking facts , and using them to back up your own personal narrative/opinion . 
  exactly my point , though . 
  i love stories . 
  i watch movies , play video games and on a good night , keep a bunch of my friends entertained engaging in a narrative they can respond to . 
  * yet i also value fact finding , verification , falsification and peer review . 
  * in short , to me , where one 's point-of-view stems from , is as if not more important than one 's skills later gained to communicate said point . 
  there 's indeed still plenty to criticize all of the leaders i mentioned for , though . 
  your point being one of those . 
  ( supernatural beliefs being another . ), 
  look at that last photo . 
  he 's like a kid in a candy store . 
  a candy store with wmds . 
  a candy store with wmds and technology from the 1970s . 
  confession bear : sometimes i think `` let 's get it over with '' , but then i think of all of those lives that 'll be lost and i think it 's better just tolerating nk 's stand-offishness . 
  the map 's showing the uk and ireland . 
  what 's wrong with that ? 
  i 'd take a * scientist * ( merkel ) leading my country over a * lawyer * ( obama ) or a * historian * ( rutte ) every day . 
   ( i 'd also like him or her to not be religious , but all of the above seem to be . ), 
   beat a stereotype is `` ein stereotyp slagen '' some weird german expression ? 
  because it sounds really strange in english when you say it like that . 
  even if the italian guy is asking you to beat the pornstar ... 
  wait , what ? 
  the article does n't make a distinction between `` nothing to live off of '' and `` nothing to life for '' . 
  yeah , pretty ironic , since half our country is below sea level and we 've got the best coastal defences in the world . 
  actually , the [ delta works ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/delta_works ) are considered to be one of the seven wonders of the modern world by the american society of civil engineers . 
  [ napoleonic wars . 
  ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/napoleonic_wars ), 
  i do n't get you . 
  i see you making a reasonable and informed comment , and then you make comments like these ; all caps , not contributing anything . 
  what gives , man ? 
  well , low-german is n't the same as frankonian . 
  you 're correct this time around , but you were wrong before . 
  also , your rock in the ocean is pretty cold . 
  but you have sigur r\u00f3s going for you , which is nice . 
  i just got ` inspired ' by the phrase of france being `` purely white '' . 
  the way i presented it was in the form of a joking meme . 
  well , i understand german to a reasonable degree and i could understand maybe a third of what austrians were saying to each other . 
  not only does austrian german sound different from high german , they also use different words . 
  it 's like when you 're used to hearing american english with an la accent and then suddenly you meet someone from london speaking cockney . 
  practically unintelligible for the few first days . 
  you must be suicidal . 
   he did an aangifte he filed a police report . 
  shitty . 
  yeah , got that rhetorical part . 
  that 's why i did n't talk about africa . 
   also , i 'm aware that visiting ny and la does not give one a full perspective of the states . 
  i just happen to have an interest in american and british culture and history ( aside from my own country 's ) . 
  that means i 've watched documentaries but also that my taste in movies and music is heavily influenced by american and british productions . 
  i generally laugh at the idea of being proud of being born in a specific part of the world , because i had nothing to do with that . 
  but that does n't stop me from wanting to represent my country to its truest values . 
  values , that i feel are eroding somewhat by the way .
