  but pretending it is even remotely possible does n't seem like valid criticism of the referendum , just a distraction . 
  why would n't it be possible for a third of the population to want to remain with ukraine ? 
  when i said the protests `` quickly turned into a mess that had nothing to do with the original issue '' i was indeed talking about the fascism that infected the protests . 
  and i was also talking about the brutal actions of the berkut riot police . 
  somewhere in there were legitimate protesters . 
  as i said , a mess . 
   you seriously think this was a democratic mandate ? 
  no , i 'm doubting what you were saying when you said `` excuse to ignore a political mandate '' . 
  just responding to your words , is all . 
   it wo n't be to stay with the ukraine , 0.00 % chance . 
  how do you know if you do n't ask , without people having to fear for repercussions ? 
  the whole point of op 's post was that this choice was n't included . 
   a political mandate the issue was if ukraine should sign a trade treaty with the eu . 
  then the protests started . 
  they quickly turned into a mess that had nothing to do with the original issue . 
  that was enough of a reason for russia to send troops to crimea . 
  that 's could be considered a political mandate , but i 'd call that military pressure . 
   sometimes you need a more nuanced answer to a complicate decision than just yes and no . 
  well , yes , that 's exactly what i 'm proposing . 
  independence , remaining with ukraine , joining russia . 
  have people pick their first and second choice . 
  edit : but the question was , what would happen if you only allowed one choice ? 
  how would that affect the results ? 
   it actually gave third parties a chance which is what this very situation is calling for . 
  except that it 's a decision about crimea 's status , and not the choice between political parties . 
   but it was a joke , relax i 'm quite relaxed . 
   you know they suck i do n't know much about romanian politicians actually . 
   it means your beliefs overlap with your party . 
  yep . 
  mostly . 
   campaigns cost money this limits electability to higher offices of power . 
  that depends . 
  you can climb within a party , and then get voted into power . 
  funding of political parties in the netherlands is done by members , gifts ( over $ 5000 have to be made public ) and state subsidies . 
  a new party , the right-wing pvv was established recently and formed a coalition government . 
  but because they are so controversial , because of their anti-islam stance , their coalition partners did n't want them to supply secretaries ( aka ministers ) for the cabinet . 
  they agreed . 
  if it were n't for these anti-islam points , they would likely be full partners . 
  so that 's a party going from 0 % to 15 % of the popular vote and being given an opportunity to govern . 
   but the gross of the votes and i assume policies goes to the conservatives , the socialists and the liberals not really . 
  the current coalition consists of labour and conservative liberals . 
  the progressive liberals used to be included in this type of coalition , but they did n't quite make the cut this time . 
  the christian conservatives suffered another drop in seats , as they 've been doing for a while now . 
  the socialists are there to point out what everyone else is doing wrong it seems , because twice now they 've had a good position to form a coalition with labour and another party , but they were too stubborn . 
  the greens lost all but 1 seat last time around , because of in-fighting . 
  i already talked about the populists , the pvv . 
  and then there 's a few more minor parties . 
   career politicians yes , almost all secretaries ( ministers ) are career politicians . 
  but lots of others in the house are not . 
  they 're usually specialists in certain fields , which makes them excellent state secretaries ( sub ministers ) . 
  i would agree with that , but keep in mind that russia has a treaty that allows 25,000 troops to be stationed in ukraine . 
  although not just anywhere , of course . 
   and there where no political games ? 
  there were plenty , but ...  the electoral process was completely transparent and based on ideas ? 
  yes . 
   the whole political class the fact that you even have a political class is cause for concern . 
  i recommend you look at the wikipedia article on [ political corruption ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/political_corruption ) . 
  it has a map . 
   otherwise , 1/3 vote option would skew the results . 
  you sound like you have thought about this before . 
  care to elaborate ? 
  i know two people who did . 
  one for the progressive liberals and one for the green party . 
  i 'm sorry romanian politics are n't the same . 
  i assume that citation is supposed to prove i insinuated `` that romanian politicians give enough of a fuck to simulate a democratic circlejerk '' ? 
  as you can see , i 'm responding to you saying all elections are rigged . 
   there are 3 major forces , i 'm curious to know your source . 
   so your beliefs completely overlap with the party you support ? 
  no , i never said that . 
  but they 're quite close . 
   showing up does n't get you elected no , that 's why we have campaigns . 
   to become electable ... you need to join a party and work hard . 
  to be number 1 on the list , you also need leadership skills . 
  i suggest you look to romania 's corruption problems for the true problem in your society . 
  your politics just reflect that . 
   i was referring to your insinuation that romanian politicians give enough of a fuck to simulate a democratic circlejerk . 
  i never did . 
   only politicians get elected maybe in romania . 
   the balance of power between the 3 assuming you mean three parties , you must have outdated information . 
   are you voting this way because they support your beliefs yes . 
   have you adapted your beliefs to the less repulsive option no . 
   think about how they reached their position they made themselves known as a candidate . 
  we 've got our own council with belgium and luxemburg , actually . 
  it 's called the benelux parliament . 
  not that anyone cares about it even remotely . 
  tell me how dutch elections are rigged then . 
  and once again we are one place behind finland . 
  i think we 're lucky the finns do n't speed skate . 
  maybe in romania . 
  crazy idea , why not have ** three options ** ? 
  independence , remaining with ukraine , joining russia . 
  i know you probably were n't serious , but you could loosely translate it as `` clean slate debate '' i guess . 
  ^ ( it rhymes , even . ), 
   but today , the jews are the most hateful and racist people in the world . 
  that 's it then , i 'm never watching the daily show , seinfeld or curb your enthusiasm ever again , because you 've shown me how they are so hateful and racist . 
  his point is that other countries are bad too , which is a bullshit argument to make and does n't excuse anything . 
  everything happened before they were born . 
  ^ ( seriously though , / u/viking83 's comment made no sense . ), 
  why ? 
  he 's right about ibm .
