   and yes they still have the nazi mentality , so do people from belgium and the netherlands i 've been to greece six times and loved it . 
  love the food , the people , the nature . 
  but you are the most uncool greek person i 've ever come across . 
  in the netherlands this used to be done before alcopops became a thing , but with beer . 
  beer + 7up is called a `` spatje '' , a little spat ( of beer ) . 
  so that 's why russians are insane . 
  seriously though , 18 shots a month ? 
  that 's not even 5 every weekend . 
  so what if the moderate muslim doctor from my example does n't ? 
  does he get to be saved ? 
   personally i do n't think they have gotten out of that `` nazi mentality '' wow . 
  you might want to rethink that position . 
  you do n't know what you 're saying . 
   hey feel that it is their duty to lead everyone to a european state , when many of us did n't ask for it . 
  nobody forced you into the eu or the euro . 
   which is why i hope our country brings it 's inevitable downfall well , you 're sure trying hard judging from the mess in your country . 
   and destroys the germans `` european dream '' again , nobody forced you to join the eu or the euro . 
  canadians were the most `` important '' in liberating the netherlands , actually . 
  also , do n't forget free polish forces . 
  true , that 's why you were right to ask that . 
  do czech schools not teach english ? 
  ( or just not when you went there ? ), 
  you do n't have to apologize . 
  that seems more logical . 
  but , i do n't think you can make decisions like these easily . 
  maybe a worldly moderate muslim doctor would be much more valuable and integrate better than a very conservative christian plummer who 's never left his village . 
   we celebrate the start of it that is ... insane . 
  that 's what the flairs are for !, 
   i see no reason why a person being an atheist would hinder their integration into a western society . 
  obviously . 
  my point was that only focussing on christians seems weird . 
  what about non-religious people ? 
  heh , all of those countries you mentioned have a higher gross national income per capita than * all three baltic countries combined * . 
  never say never , but you do have some catching up to do . 
  does czech not have articles ( the ) ? 
  fwiw , i would n't be happy either . 
  still looks good . 
  just really different and much less colorful . 
  actually , i prefer these photographs . 
  gay pride picture on the front page ( if you 're subbed to / r/pics ) , 
   hey did you know that before the split of 1585 ( fall of antwerp ) the cultural and economic center was in the south ? 
  yes , i did !, 
   after the fall of antwerp a large amount of people from the south ( mainly the wealthier class ) migrated to holland yep . 
  we still have flanders to thank for that . 
  also , do n't forget the influence of flemish painters on the dutch masters !, 
  and fuck those spaniards , brother !, 
  great explanation !, 
  thanks . 
   but the ones who want to be mean have a good cultural excuse . 
  was referring to this . 
  not saying ` they do it too ' . 
  only that your point is n't specific for this situation and can be said in a lot of situations . 
  it 's like saying `` it rains in the netherlands '' . 
  true , but that does n't distinguish the country from other european countries . 
  i might have not remembered correctly then , because the study by mitrovica et al. 
  was also my source iirc . 
  put a \\ before that #, 
  / u/kadeny is not saying that . 
  they 're saying it 's hitting closer to home for them because to them russia is european . 
  well , being extremely passive-agressive is a good `` cultural excuse '' in england . 
  shouting at someone and making lots of gestures is a good `` cultural excuse '' in italy . 
  scoffing at someone and ignoring them is a good `` cultural excuse '' in france . 
  punching someone in the face is a good `` cultural excuse '' in russia . 
  excuses for being an asshole can be found anywhere . 
  no , we do n't . 
   your goofy accent ? 
  lol . 
  come back when you have your own language . 
  i believe that effect stops near scotland , so we 're not benefitting from it . 
  conspiratards . 
  do n't care what flavour they come in . 
   i 'm just saying that , in theory , one group can become the majority in an area they previously had no influence in without native population declining . 
  okay . 
  i do n't know why you 're saying it to me , though . 
  thanks for the essay , i guess ? 
  i 'm referring to people who are saying everything is the fault of the jewish cabal . 
   angry loons racists and conspiratards . 
  / r/european is n't forbidden fruit that tastes sweet , it 's bad apples that spoil the bunch . 
   it 's not sunday yet though . 
  it 's not ? 
  dammit , i should have come into work today , then . 
  no , that 's * sjuuderansj * . 
  * warning : fuckin ' loud music . 
  `` screw our famously fresh alpine air ! '', 
   yeah sweden !, 
  snus all the way !, 
  [ smile !, 
   netherlands is actually higher than they were in op 's data from 2007 . 
  could be . 
  or these maps used different sources . 
  oh wow , it 's a thing : / r/insectswithfeet, 
  who are you calling a tarsus ? 
  also , of course i meant [ six legs ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ant#legs ) , but then the joke would n't have worked . 
  i know an insect does n't have * feet * . 
  ants do indeed have 6 feet . 
  dude , i 'm pulling numbers out of my ass . 
  do n't take me seriously . 
   maybe any of you can convince the flemish why they should join the netherlands ? 
  in reality you have 39 . 
  do n't tell anyone .
