  too much radical white terrorism in canada though . 
  that 's why we keep norway out , remember ? 
  do n't fuck with our kebab . 
  otherwise you are very welcome . 
  i think that you are blending the issue of germany vs the other euro-countries and the euro vs the us ( world ) . 
  trump said it too . 
  and yes , the valuation of the euro and germany 's benefit within the eu is definitely discussed . 
  but `` germany '' has been strongly against the low rate environment and qe of the ecb which goes counter to a lower euro visavi the world outside the euro-area . 
  whatever ( lower ) currency manipulation you attribute to the euro - germany has been on the opposing end of . 
  the us will and can effectively ` threat ' individual european countries . 
  europe as the concept known in the us does n't really exist outside an organization like the eu . 
  just today your president started calling out germany for currency manipulation . 
  so yeah ... 
  norway is just a fancy name for western sweden . 
  it will probably be reinstated from 2019 . 
  technically it will be more like it was a few decades ago where only those who would like to join will have to . 
  also women are included . 
  and it will not be everyone like in the good old days but a few hundred/thousand each year . 
  these guys want trump . 
  do they have such a short lifespan ? 
  i hope we get finland to build them if we ca n't do it ourselves . 
  anchsluss . 
  northern europe is sweden , norway and occasionally denmark . 
  also iceland . 
  finland is russia . 
  the baltics ? 
  well , who knows . 
  they need to make up their mind . 
  stockholm is a lot less boring than it used to be . 
  but it 's no london/berlin in that regard . 
  i mean , the previous . se government blew 10 billion euros on coal mines in germany . 
  so i think 100 million domestically is pretty cool in comparison . 
  yes . 
  i said ** finnish ** trump . 
  bitching at the press ? 
  leader of a well established party ? 
  and also , we 'd expect the finnish trump to be ... a little bit more finnish . 
  so that settles it . 
  it 's just a paternalistic way of doing the same thing . 
  but everybody loves to get that bonus during the vacation or around christmas . 
  so ... is this the finnish trump ? 
  the point of esc is to enjoy some trash . 
  not to find the next mozart . 
  it seems out of touch to bitch about the artistic quality in a competition like eurovision . 
  everyone already accepts it 's just for entertainment and laughs . 
  nazi sympathies is how quite a few got so easily occupied in the first place . 
  better indices for what ? 
  first you start out the thread with a discussion about the valuation and risk of uk assets ( owed by the pigs ) . 
  then you throw in a debt statistic for the uk ( external debt ) . 
  maybe you should look at those things together with [ the net international investment position ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/net_international_investment_position ) . 
  you 'll find your favourite pigs-country dead last . 
  by the way - london is also a big bank . 
  yes , and luxembourg has 3450 % . 
  norway 140 % . 
  external debt to gdp seems to be some new measure that internet ` economists ' found to throw around without understanding it . 
  this is just a slowed down video ? 
   [ what comes to mind is the soviet union , where there was a massive rise in alcohol consumption associated with suicide . 
  ] ( http://www.guardian.co.uk/society/2010/jan/28/suicide-rate-on-rise ) good luck with the austerity !, 
  if the mediterranean had higher inflation they would have plenty of room to adjust their wages ( closer to german productivity levels ) by keeping nominal wages subdued . 
  i think the opposite happened ? 
  and german ca n't set the wages of greek workers . 
  what the chart i can see shows unit labor cost ( ulc ) . 
  this can come from different sources , lower wage growth , higher productivity increases . 
  basically you have to tell germans to stop being productive and start being lazy so the south can catch up . 
  this is a strange proposition . 
  or germans should raise wages and the south should keep them steady . 
  they do n't seem to have the institutions to do such a thing . 
  so we 're faced with trying to achieve this normalisation now in an environment with very , very low projected inflation ( 1 % in germany ) !, 
  good luck i tell you . 
  if the euro brakes down sweden , as a large net exporter , will suffer enormously due to decreased purchasing power visavi most other europeans countries . 
  sweden actually has a higher export share of gdp than germany and we did devalue massively in the crisis of the 90s . 
  we 're simply very foreign dependant so any crisis to europe where the absolute majority of exports go will have brutal consequences . 
  the other countries did decide to join the euro . 
  they were not forced by the germans . 
  this argument just comes back to how unfit the whole emu-area was as a currency union . 
  these ` incompatibility ' - facts were not unknown at the beginning and can not be blamed entirely on germany although their inflation-paranoia certainly did n't help . 
  you mean the shitty one with decaying democracy , massive debt problems and one where countries still have their own currency and retains some control over their future ? 
  the worst thing coming from this from a swedes perspective is somehow being lumped together with the chavy brits . 
  guess it 's the price we have to pay though . 
  there 's no way sweden would sign up for that tax again . 
  fool me once and all that . 
  if withdrawals continue the bank would just get cash from the central bank/be nationalized . 
  there 's a 100 000 euro deposit guarantee so the government would end up paying anyway . 
  i doubt there are many latvians with more money than that in deposit accounts . 
  the biggest problem in modern day bank run of deposits are the logistics of making sure there are bank notes in the atm so people wont get hysterical when trying to withdraw . 
  because you do n't have the oil of norway and sweden is probably more in bed with both the eu and emu than you might think . 
  until 2002 the eu did n't think we were worthy of admission and by 2003 we held an election that said no . 
  we were close as fuck to be in it and are technically committed to join . 
  now ? 
  yeah , i do n't think anyone will announce an election any time soon and there 's not a politician alive that would dare to do it without an election . 
  still the elite remains very pro-euro . 
  the practical implementation of choice 2 and choice 3 are essentially equivalent . 
  [ more ] ( http://www.bloomberg.com/news/2011-12-02/euro-region-s-central-banks-seen-providing-up-to-270-billion-through-imf.html ) ecb buying debt on it 's own or using imf and sdrs as the vehicle share many of the same features . 
  they differ only in the technicalities . 
  not sure if you are referring to some old plan though since there are new schemes coming out every week . 
   the spectator notes that `` contemptuous of the political orthodoxy , borg cut taxes to the low-paid to encourage more people to work . 
  taxes were cut for everyone who had a job . 
  [ here 's the income growth of the percentiles ] ( http://storstad.files.wordpress.com/2011/11/inkomstfocc88racc88ndring-2006-2010.png?w=500&amp;h=305 ) between 2006 and 2010 . 
  sucks to be poor even in sweden . 
  [ source ] ( http://www.scb.se/pages/tableandchart____163546.aspx )  while opponents whined about ` unfunded tax cuts ' , employment took off .
