  article says 900 . 
  that 's an amount we can smuggle back into denmark without problems . 
  time to talk about all the available housing in denmark !, 
  winter is coming . 
  i also respect democratic decisions taken in a country . 
  that does n't mean i ca n't be appalled by them . 
  either you support people fleeing from a horrible situation or you do n't . 
  the economics can be managed . 
  i can assure you everyone in sweden is worried about costs as well . 
  but we at least tried . 
  most of you did barely anything . 
  democratic or otherwise . 
  should say extreme right . 
  if you actually think about it is completely relevant to the discussion . 
  i 'd take in all norweigans fleeing from nazism , even if a few of you happened to be collaborators and supporters of a disgusting ideology . 
  you would n't , obviously . 
  i guess we are different . 
  why ca n't a party that gets 20 % ( 12.86 % actual ) of votes be described as far right ? 
  so an appeal to emotion . 
  i 'm sad for your grandfather but it does n't change the fact that norwegian resistance was pathetic during the `` invasion '' . 
  i was hinting at the oppression in syria as an obvious example . 
  i 'm glad you do n't have an `` obligation to share the burden '' and that `` eus immigration is an eu problem '' . 
  i 'm glad you `` deal with yours '' . 
  and so goes the marching band all the way into stortorvet . 
  good for you . 
  i believe you are talking about sweden or some other country that did n't get invaded . 
  did n't sd get 12,86 % in an actual election ? 
  where is your response to oppression now , then ? 
  quickest summary : `` the first troops to occupy oslo entered the city brazenly , marching behind a german military brass band '' https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/german_occupation_of_norway so much for resistance and all that . 
  anyway , i believe the documentary `` the world at war '' has actual footage of that marching band . 
  as opposed to the nutjobs you are upvoting i have actually seen some shit . 
  do you think our unemployment figures is for a subset of the population ? 
  yeah , the problem is not the war but swedens policies . 
  also , the heavily subsidized life in sweden is a myth . 
  life in sweden sucks pretty bad if you are poor . 
  it 's almost like being rich in poland . 
  norway just proudly proclaimed to have the harshest immigration policy in europe . 
  denmark suggest law that says you can raid any immigrants from their belongings . 
  as far as the argument for sd goes there is absolutely nothing that wont be in their favor in a time like this . 
  some countries succumb to the demands from the extreme right and some do n't . 
  norway celebrated the occupation of nazis with a marching band . 
  denmark laid down and cried . 
  poland opened their arms to the occupation . 
  it 's just a cultural thing . 
  like sd likes to say . 
  call me back when sd manages to get the majority vote in an actual election outside and not by upvotes in r/europe . 
  sweden stays strong despite the memes . 
  which team is qualified for the ec 2016 ? 
  ( choose one ) * sweden * denmark * finland * norway case closed . 
  sweden will take proper care of the immigrants while you bitch and look the other way . 
  soon we will reinstate the draft and have an army you can only dream about . 
  then we will come for you . 
  with a moral vengeance . 
  and you will be weak . 
  just as weak as you have shown to be in this crisis . 
  no but seriously , you are all doomed . 
  why do people from all over europe care so much about sweden ? 
  our unemployment is going down , our gdp is going up . 
  we have a huge problem with all the people searching asylum because the rest of you are turning crazy , but that just another thing we will solve in due time . 
  sweden remains strong and the rest of you are looking weak as fuck . 
  any serious right winger in sweden could just move to denmark and find paradise . 
  so i really doubt your conclusion . 
   plenty of atrocities happen when otherwise good people just ~ ~ dismiss others as spewing bullshit . ~ ~ ignore the bullshit that others are spewing . 
  that 's what i said . 
  so much sharia here we ca n't keep it in our pants . 
  much . 
  muslim . 
  i know how odds work ? 
  maybe you were responding to the other guy ? 
  also , most stuff could work as usual anyway . 
  two founders who did quite alright for themselfes . 
  and there 's been plenty of others . 
  also the `` tax dodging nonprofit loving leftard '' . 
  now i 've heard it all from r/europe . 
  considering that dublin fell without making a sound and that many countries already implemented border control i 'd say they are pretty low ? 
  spewing bullshit is not the same as speaking out . 
  and you can obviously thrive in sweden . 
  from ikea to minecraft you are just talking trash . 
  come back to daddy / sweden, 
  is this even true anymore ? 
  we 've had record new car sales for ages by now . 
  how much explosive power could you fit into an ipad while it still functions ? 
  lol , what a joke . 
  the only thing that 's being talked about is immigration . 
  they make potato chips ? 
  we march at dawn !, 
  this might be the opportunity to take back \u00c5land we have been waiting for . 
  you think our reinstated draft was because of russia ? 
  sharia law is really working out for the swedish gdp/capita . 
  white flight is not about immigration/emigration . 
  it 's about white people moving from a neighborhood once the white population declines . 
  we do see them as proper swedish clay but are also kinda afraid of russia to do something about it . 
  that 's not the point . 
  putin will make up for the difference . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/fifa_world_rankings you are ok . not great . 
  we 'll make mexico great again . 
  great , great importers of german manufactured goods . 
  the best goods . 
  made by robots . 
  so great !,
