  sweden is now celebrating the elimination of its deficit . '', 
  what deficit ? 
  the one that 's been gone since 1998 ? 
  keeping the public finances tight is not something new in sweden . 
  b  the unelected borg became finance minister , and has spent the last five years reducing unemployment and restructuring the welfare state . 
  this is a blatant lie . 
  unemployment is about the same as 5 years ago and still far from the pre-crisis years . 
  it 's even slightly higher than when he came into power . 
  6.7 % in sep 2006 vs 7.5 oct 2011 . 
  this is an amazingly shitty article which is not the fault of anders borg but the sad excuse for a press that is british journalism . 
  it reads like a propaganda piece from china . 
  borg is a pretty cool guy but his claim to fame is more what he did n't do as opposed to what he did . 
  but he is indeed popular among people . 
  keeping the budget in check while every other country acts like crack addicts does seem to be a sensible way to go ... 
  ugliest too . 
  nah , just kidding ireland . 
  you 're still no 1 in that department !, 
  no one should make overly drastic conclusions from a single bond sale . 
  these failures happen in times of crisis . 
  not the first time one fails for germany either in recent history but it 's certainly another worrying sign that the entire euro area is in trouble and not just the periphery . 
  meanwhile in [ sweden ] ( http://www.bloomberg.com/apps/quote?ticker=gsgb10yr:ind ) , [ norway ] ( http://www.bloomberg.com/apps/quote?ticker=gnor10yr:ind ) , [ uk ] ( http://www.bloomberg.com/apps/quote?ticker=gukg10:ind ) and [ switzerland ] ( http://www.bloomberg.com/apps/quote?ticker=gswiss10:ind ) . 
  [ finland ] ( http://www.bloomberg.com/apps/quote?ticker=gfin10yr:ind ) seems to be doing ok despite a small increase in the yield . 
  but it 's not that much . 
  let 's see if the lawyers over at the emu can figure out how to get the ecb to circumvent the rules . 
  last i heard they could lend to the imf who in turn would buy bonds from the pigs . 
  ireland ? 
  great reply about sweden that has nothing to do with the discussion . 
  as a swede i 'm not so nationalistic to be baited into this discussions . 
  i know nationalism is important to german pride and all that . 
  a clear message you never missed to bring to the rest of europe . 
  ireland is not doing ok . 14 % unemployment is only great in the eye of the creditor . 
  they 're doing pretty shitty in fact . 
  but since greece seem to be the new benchmark where everything above social disorder is ok i guess they 're surviving . 
  good luck with your 90 % debt of gdp !, 
  i do n't doubt that merkel and sarkozy are pro-european . 
  at least i do n't doubt the german intentions in this matter . 
  merkels degree in quantum chemistry was brought up as somehow being in her favour . 
  i ca n't see how it is . 
  the appointment as bundesbank president of a hawk with no intentions or understanding of the severity of the situation assures me that she really does or at least did not , at the time , understand what was going on . 
  about the fdp i clearly state that i do n't know much about internal german politics . 
  the deal about greece debt , which came much to late , is more a necessary evil of the prevailing circumstances than a show of her effective leadership in dealing with an enormous crisis . 
  in my view . 
  now you 're talking october 2011 ( note how my link is from 18 months earlier ) when even my fucking cat could understand that there was a need , because of not acting early , to bail everyone and his mother out . 
  you could probably sit on the advisory board for the emu-leaders being so behind the curve . 
  great leadership from the fantastic merkel . 
  please call me when those $ 2tn come into play as we 've seen nothing of it so far . 
  the esfs ca n't even issue bonds atm due to market turmoil . 
  personally i 'd enjoy seeing the piigs leaving . 
  i bet the german industry and politician would n't . 
  germany is doing nothing more than bailing out themselves . 
  `` angela merkel , the german chancellor , mounted stiff resistance tonight to any swift bailout of greece , as a rift opened up between european capitals over how best to tackle the risks posed to the euro . '', 
  `` germany is stepping totally on the brakes on financial assistance , '' said a senior eu diplomat . 
  `` on legal grounds , on constitutional grounds and on principle . '', 
  another senior diplomat said of the germans : `` they 're not waving their chequebooks . '', 
  [ feb 2010 ] ( http://www.guardian.co.uk/theguardian/2010/feb/11/germany-greece-merkel-bailout-euro ) she 's clueless and a joke . 
  try to rewrite history however you want . 
  still a bundesbank puppet with absolutely no idea what she 's doing in the realm of reality that is/was the euro-zone . 
  germans can keep patting themselves on the back if that makes it better . 
  it does n't change the horrible mistakes ( from many sides ) leading up to this fiasco we are now witnessing . 
  merkel has been extremely meek throughout this . 
  sarkozy goes into the same bag . 
  no balls to talk about locking greece out until it was obvious ( yesterday ) . 
  no balls to stand up to the sad misinformed and disproven leaders in frankfurt ( bundesbank ) . 
  her peer-reviewed paper on quantum chemistry ( ? ), 
  has obviously thought her anything about economics or reality . 
  she 's clueless and proves it over and over again . 
  with reservations that i know next to nothing about internal german politics to see hidden motives behind her actions . 
  jens weidmann as president of bundesbank ? 
  it 's the 21th century for fucks sake . 
  papandrou announces plan . 
  gets opposition to change sides and decides to work together to approve the original bail out . 
  and he 's the crazy one ? 
  his `` idiotic '' move probably did more to get the ball rolliing on the bail out than the feeble moron that is merkel and the german leadership . 
   gdp per capita on a purchasing power parity basis rose from 51 % of the eu average in 1985 to 78 % in early 2002 . 
  [ source ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/economy_of_portugal ) [ another graph ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/file:gdpgrowthportugal.jpg ) . 
  how can you say that the period leading up to the euro membership was based on decreasing growth ? 
  i do n't understand why you are questioning what i 'm saying if you have no clue about the economic history . 
  the foundations were laid out in 1993 and the euro was more or less decided in 1995 . 
  the stability pact was adopted in 1997 . 
  go look on a growth chart for the euro area from say 1995 and forward . 
  not one year with negative growth and until the proper adoption around 2000 there was often about 3-4 % growth in the area , even as high as 5 % , well above trend . 
  compare this to the last years growth rates and maybe you will understand the difference . 
  since 2001 there 's hardly one observation of 3 % yearly growth . 
  they decided to mint currency with an equal silver content and later gold . 
  note that this was never a single currency but a peg against raw material . 
  not really applicable to the fiat currency of the emu . 
  a good lessons for all the hard currency people though . 
  creating a currency union during boom times is a piece of cake compared to leaving one and be forced to reinstate a ` new ' currency during depression times . 
  there is no symmetry here . 
  the people will pay no matter what . 
  do n't let anyone lull you into thinking otherwise . 
  leaving a currency , something that has never happened before , is not the same as say devaluing a currency peg ( i e argentina ) . 
  we know pretty much nothing about how this would work in practice and that is also reason in my view to avoid it . 
  capital will leave ( rumours say the rich already has in greece ) , the banking sector will collapse , there will be corporate defaults on a massive scale , trade would most likely also collapse in the short term . 
  we 're talking energy and food rationing for the greek people . 
  the economic cost would probably be ridiculous . 
  political unrest will most likely not be less than what it is now . 
  but of course we do n't know much about these situations since the only precedence of the breaking up of currency unions involved wars ... 
  i do n't really know much about greek politics but i suspect , as you say , that there never will be a referendum . 
  there 's no time and it is , in the end , not in the interest of greece .
