neglible . 
  both the euro and the dollar are free floating currencies . 
  i 'm not sure why people think there is some bizarre effect from this . 
  occam 's razor . 
  china trades a ton with the euro/eu-area . 
  this makes sense . 
  sell yuan to someone who will give you dollars that you can exchange for euros . 
  sell yuan to someone who will give you euros . 
  back in the real world this simplifies business transactions but it really does n't matter . 
  outside the conspiracy den . 
  do n't blame sweden . 
  we are doing fine . 
  it 's the fucking finns . 
  ruining it for everyone . 
  again . 
  this was just sad . 
  denmark ... why ? 
  well the uk has a worse rating than germany so the post is still true i guess . 
  it 's a list of the euro-countries ( which the uk is not ) and the two biggest economies in the world ( which the uk is not anymore ) for comparison . 
  on my planet people were always complaining that the music was too shitty and that it is a generally ridiculous event . 
  i 'd take my next eurovision sprinkled with some hooligan violence between uk and france if i could . 
  they represented their country . 
  did you miss the national flags flying around ? 
  yeah . 
  it 's all in the game . 
  it 's not the 19th century anymore . 
  china , brazil and russia was n't included either . 
  just the top 2 outside of the eu . 
  nah , i 'm not the guy that starts threads . 
  i try to keep it to the comments . 
  the booing was the best thing to happen to the eurovision since epic sax guy . 
  not ireland again . 
  yes , so horrible . 
  i cry everytim . 
  am i the only one who loved the booing ? 
  finally some passion !, 
  i think the girls will be alright . 
  it was n't personal . 
  please do n't do television again georgia . 
  no finland . 
  you do n't rap . 
  you drink and play hockey . 
  do n't let netherlands boring , boring song win . 
  why this betrayal germany ? 
  we let those soldiers through and this is how you pay us back ? 
  for fucus sake latvia . 
  did russia invade already ? 
  this is why you do n't get points france . 
  the land of the beatles disappoints once again . 
  of course the issue is much more complex , but i believe the basic premise holds . 
  the core countries within the eu will have too much to lose from letting the uk slip out with grace . 
  it might also drive opinion in other countries if the uk have a ` successful ' departure . 
  `` hey look at the uk , they did fine after leaving , we should also release us from the shackles of brussels and become free like little birds ! '', 
  i doubt the stakeholders within the eu is going to let that happen . 
  the uk will pay , trust me . 
  it 's basic game theory . 
  authoritarian or not . 
  if the eu want to avoid defection from other countries then the eu better make it hurt for uk . 
  proper hurt . 
  your central bank decided to print money for free and get foreign currency in exchange . 
  not necessarily a bad deal . 
  [ here is a paper from lars . 
  ] ( http://larseosvensson.se/files/papers/leaning-against-the-wind-leads-to-higher-household-debt-to-gdp-ratio.pdf ) it cites a few more . 
  i think most are available in swedish too . 
  [ here is more that might be accessible to the non-economist ( swedish ) ] ( http://ekonomistas.se/author/leosven/ ) . 
  current policies from the riksbank is to worry about indebtness and not unemployment and inflation like their mandate says . 
  they do this because our current governor is a man who experienced the crisis during the 90s . 
  current policies from our government ? 
  i do n't know . 
  lower taxes and let the market fix it ? 
  problem is that the market is skewed as i have mentioned in my other posts . 
  so the market does n't build rental apartments . 
  because it 's not profitable . 
  i mostly see a blame game from our government on the communes and other parties . 
  of courswe also the never ending story about `` regulation '' . 
  which is kinda ridicilous in the grand scheme of things . 
  if the gov wanted affordable housing and more rental apartments it could be done . 
  yes . 
  but having a real property tax that is equal between owning and renting is better . 
  we can use the property tax to lower income taxes instead . 
  what we will get is probably a removed property tax alltogether because nobody dares to touch the subsidies of building services for owners and interest deductions . 
  so we 're left with a weaker tax base and the net effect of the removal of the property tax will equal a huge increase in the value of the building for the owners . 
  it wont do anything to sort out the relative disadvantage of renting . 
  this is a huge problem for future growth and mobility , as you yourself have experienced . 
  but the insiders on the property market are the core group of voters for the current government and they are also the target for the opposition if they want to win the election . 
  it would be part of a reform package . 
  ownership is much more benefitial than renting due to abolishment of the property tax , interest rate deductions and home improvement related services ( builders , carpenters etc ) . 
  there is no incentive to build rental flats . 
  there are more reasons for this but the relative imbalance between renting and owning is a major factor . 
  i was not arguing for a removal of the property tax , quite the opposite . 
  bad wording . 
  it 's funny how correct lars e o svensson has been yet was pushed out of the central bank board . 
  it 's also sad how passive the ruling party have been in actually doing something about the indebtness and dramatic rise in housing costs that makes the central bank ignore unemployment . 
  not that i belive the opposition would dare to touch the question of reduced interest rate deductions , property tax and actually building rental flats with a ten foot pole . 
  lets hope the global economy turns around because we seem to be unwilling to take any action ourselves . 
  i do n't think that 's how it works . 
  starving people have fought very long wars before . 
  in scandinavia its quite possible ro raise kids while both parents are working . 
  i 'd say its the typical way . 
  atleast sweden has quite high birth rates .
