  i do n't see the euro area impressing anyone on the outside . 
  not many . 
  ireland , malta and luxembourg afaik . 
  some fairly underdeveloped eastern countries comes close as well . 
  when those who lived through the financial crisis have gone senile . 
  so not very soon i guess . 
  you forgot most important index - fifa : * 35 ) sweden * 38 ) iceland * 40 ) denmark * 50 ) norway * 88 ) estonia, 
  how would someone who spend all his time on the internet understand that ? 
  it 's cute how the country with the best schools in the world manages to have a shit economy . 
  did you cheat on the tests ? 
  if there was a major crash in assets it would most likely have been induced by a major crash somewhere else . 
  so we 'd be fucked all the same . 
  if it happens it would be a great time to take back norway and finland anyway . 
  they 'd be too busy discussing swedish internal affairs to know what hit them . 
  you take 50k immigrants and we will take you back under our glorious umbrella . 
  we 'll handle putin for you . 
  we can dust off our 1950s nuclear program . 
  nato wo n't do you any good when trump is president and you know it . 
  and you ca n't trust the polish . 
  yes , yes , you have good pisa-scores . 
  but you have no future except as russians or under the warm embrace of the swedish empire . 
  never heard of slovakia exporting anything really , except their women for prostitution . 
  at least we have poor mans furniture and pop-music to go along with the jihad . 
  sorry , russians ? 
  wow , eastern people really likes to hold a grudge . 
  well , debt-to-assets has been pretty constant for the last 20 years or so . 
  we imported the 3rld world before and did fine . 
  we have at least [ 400 000 ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/sweden_finns ) of you guys here already . 
  s\u00f8ren promised me low taxes and free tuborg . 
  just marry russia like you want to for fucks sake . 
  thanks for taking in the 200 000 soviets so we could enjoy midsummer in peace !, 
  it 's only fair we pay you back now . 
  enjoy them while they last !, 
   i fucking hate the swedes for selling us to russia . 
  please expand . 
  this is interesting . 
   fuck you suomi for giving up your roots as a baltic country and going along with the scandis ( protip : finns have more in common culturewise with us balts than with the swedes . . ) . 
  you can have finland as gift of regret for whatever we did when we sold you to russia . 
   and i 'm jealous of poland holy shit , how bad is the situation in lithuania ? 
  [ sida ] ( http://www.sida.se/english/ ) might need to look into this . 
  our `` talman '' has offered a contract f\u00f6r l\u00f8kke but the legal department had serious doubts if his sign-on qualified for the foreign `` expert '' tax . 
  apparently the requirements demands that the foreigner could do a job that a domestic sack of potatoes was unqualified for . 
  we might have to settle for s\u00f8ren pape poulsen . 
  finland was 3rd world since 1809 . 
  debt to gdp ratio : finland : 62 % + slovak : 52 % + sweden : 44 % glory to sweden yet again !, 
  as always . 
  you need us to be even partly relevant . 
  that already happened a while ago . 
  are you still behind the times finland ? 
  it 's like nokia all over . 
  lol . 
  i can barely hear you from my quadruple gdp drowning your noise . 
  norwegian pm blaming sweden . 
  dear nordic countries , do whatever you want but stop blaming sweden for your own policies . 
  it 's rather pathetic . 
  you need to look up the word ` prepubescent ' . 
  why do you care about sources when you just got proven to blatantly lie about someone in your original post ? 
  quite pathetic . 
  you think someone would pass as 6 when in fact he was 16 ? 
  math is probably not your forte . 
  so his father would have lied and said he was 6 years old when he was in fact 16 . 
  yeah . 
  makes sense . 
  / u/iigloo has a better explanation : https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/44lz41/as_of_15_january_2016_just_over_55_per_cent_of/czra3mm so because some people lie about their age it 's fine for you to badmouth a person who never lied and to swallow and spread lies yourself . 
  i never claimed that . 
  the younger generation here , those that are now going into the workplace , tend to be extremely relationship and career-focused . 
  they are like soulless 40-year-olds at 25 . 
  it 's very strange compared to what you 'd expect just 10 years ago . 
  usually you think of the younger generation as a pain in the ass . 
  now they are well mannered robots . 
  seriously , the younger generation are fucking boring and serious . 
  it 's very strange . 
  the syrians could have been handled since they are just a fraction of the asylum seekers . 
  is this because use of machine learning / ai to scan through images or is it actually a physical person that banned the image ? 
  expect to see a lot more of this as deep learning gets widespread in actual production . 
  it 's not hard to get absurd results even if the algoritms are 99.9 % correct given the amount of stuff that get posted on fb . 
  i was so confused . 
  then i read that he arrived in j\u00f6nk\u00f6ping . 
  sweden 's bible belt . 
  story checks out . 
  you would probably get a fantastic deal from us , no doubt . 
  not sure that is enough though in these kind of deals . 
  at least we did n't buy oil from isis . 
  as long as it can launch rainbow-colored dildos in the face of putin and orban , do what needs to be done . 
  also , a typhoon-sized sub should be able to ship at least 200 refugees onto the borders of poland per run . 
  the dane need to be kept at bay . 
  sweden needs to build a typhoon-class sub . 
  the iron curtain shall rise again . 
  let putin have it . 
  different culture that ca n't integrate anyway . 
  fair point , should be swedish security service to avoid misunderstanding . 
  the guy has his life out in the open on facebook . 
  the ~ ~ secret police ~ ~ swedish security service started a nationwide manhunt while people on forums had already found his location by finding his facebook page . 
  the media published his name and picture and called him a terrorist . 
  the politicians rushed to give the secret police more money and implement more draconian surveillance laws . 
  this seem to be an epic clusterfuck from several parties that will be fun , and sad , to follow in the coming days . 
  edit : secret police, 
  do you still get to keep your full automatic rifles in your home as a reservist ? 
  do it . 
  we need the housing .
