  on that note , it was ( west - ) germany 's unity day from 1954 to 1990 in solidarity with gdr uprisings from 1953, 
  i 'd like to disagree , we made our last wwi payment in 2010 for example, 
  nazis are pretty shite, 
  yes , they are pseudofrench and love incest, 
  after a bit of digging , i found three things kinda worth mentioning : * 1860 : the first german `` turnfest '' ( sport festival ) is held in coburg . 
  besides the obvious focus on sports , it was also a political convention where the unification of germany was aspired . 
  * 1900 : the elbe-l\u00fcbeck canal is opened , though it was by far not the first north sea - baltic sea canal , it was actually build close to the first which was finished in 1398 , whose lines can still be seen today * 1947 : during the french occupation , the saarland ( do yourself a favour and never go there ) , introduced it 's own currency , the saar-mark , which was in use for a whooping 3months and 3days, 
  man so sorry for everyone visiting our shitty capital , you have to drive through the crappiest part of the country and then what ? 
  ugly city as a reward, 
  nah he also said he went from glasgow to malaga as a start so he 's a scot, 
  you 're welcome ? 
  how do you sell the german public that their tax money has evaporated because greece had too many debts ? 
  of course mothballed lol , you ca n't simply demolish them, 
  usa is also still dealing in space technology with them because turns out they make good stuff, 
  well how else do you wan na have a kickass desert in your country ? 
  i live in a state where it 's a holiday and still had to work :'(, 
  atlantic coast is mostly fine though, 
  i do n't see what 's ridiculous about this, 
  basically every german company which is older than 70years has a nazi past , should be unsurprising , even fanta to some extent, 
  one of the reasons i 'm kinda glad we said no to hosting the olympics , would have ended similarly, 
  it 's really sad imo , the youth drinks less and less and drives everywhere with their car or do n't come at all . 
  your highways are indeed better and they are rather empty ( probably because of the tolls ? 
  or were that just bridge tolls ? ), 
  but the offroads , especially in the south were rather meh, 
  on the other hand the usa basically still have slavery ( 13th amendment ) and are very reluctant to sign or ratify human rights treaties, 
  the nordics , switzerland and netherlands are probably better , probably a few more, 
  so far good for the last 70 years, 
  it 's ... beautiful !, 
  do n't tell france that , he might get ideas, 
  defenastrations offer a chance of survival and robespierre did nothing wrong, 
  i really like this version because it 's more about being a strong drinker and having mates in the local music club . 
  also , because i ca n't distinguish between this being austrian or bavarian, 
  not if the profits end in higher salaries for the ceo 's etc, 
  maybe not where you live , but in nrw , especially the `` ruhrpott '' and k\u00f6ln there are a lot of poles or people of polish descent, 
  that 's not how this works though , the companies in germany have been making bigger and bigger profits in the last 2 decades yet wages barely kept up with inflation , the eu or germany ca n't simply redirect companies profits . 
  i see no problem there , looks like standard austrian ^ ^ ^ ^ / s, 
  r/blackpeopletwitter has `` snitch '', 
  oh ok , but saturday is free anyway , what a waste . 
  there were some fireworks `` recently '' as well , maybe on freedom day , is that more celebrated ? 
  that 's weird , i live in a street with like 80 % portuguese , they went really wild during every portugal match and after benfica won , but it 's all quiet now ... maybe not this evening . 
  i mean , natural result of a glorious system like fptp , a miracle it has n't deteriorated to us levels yet, 
  i 've seen better, 
  now seize them !, 
  kinda hard with a burned body i 'd say, 
  no not gardaland , you 'll get my euromonies ... eventually :d, 
  [ have you seen her ] ( http://cdn4.spiegel.de/images/image-1074107-galleryv9-kdmb-1074107.jpg ) ? 
  jk she said something like it just did n't happen but she is n't sad about it either . 
  could have hindered political career, 
  oh shit garda lake ? 
  too many germans :d, 
  single children sounds so sad , get at least another one :'(, 
  yeah , but i 'm more of a camper guy , and many friends are already working and aligning holidays is kind of a pain , it would be possible though with more determination :d, 
  shit almost 7 , forgot to do laundry :d, 
  no money , student , constant exams, 
  damn i need to go on holiday again , it 's been 5 years, 
  maliciously competent, 
  well now i 'm curious , who are the first and second largest showers of cunts in ni ? 
  that 's rooney 's penalty tactic `` if i do n't know where the ball hits , how can the keeper know ? '', 
  ( or something like that ), 
  could be because uk is n't in schengen, 
  that 's how the first vote in poland under communist regime was done , communists did n't win anything as everyone got crossed out, 
  said the albanian lol also in the case of czechia , letting in more than 12 people is hardly `` mass immigration '', 
  this is now a nazi thread, 
  this gets polled every few months always with the same partners for years , not sure if they poll with further countries , any further information is locked behind a paywall but i doubt they asked for other countries , would have maybe expected italy in there as another big one in europe but oh well, 
  actually went up since last poll in february or something, 
  that 's because we had their backs !! 111 !, 
  reduce police funding , advocate for more public surveillance - torylogic, 
  in austria , that would mean a new election, 
  give them a break , must feel like they are constantly voting , be it local elections , brexit , independence or new pm :d, 
  right , forgot , i 'm in favour of getting rid of this new toll as well, 
  [ get on our level , bitch ] ( http://www.make-it-in-germany.com/en ) !, 
  jk , good job, 
  bro , i never said the holocaust and various atrocities all over europe are equal to the bengal famine , but then again , comparing genocides is kinda disgusting in itself . 
  it 's just that just because one man was worse does n't mean the other man was n't bad himself , that 's some serious whataboutism, 
  denying access to international grain supply or interprovincial resupply sounds an awful lot like the irish famine, 
  on the other hand , kosovo is in serbia, 
  it was n't always, 
  as is tradition, 
  i found no difference between driving in france and driving in italy , you 're all mad !, 
  ( + the roads ), 
  on the other hand , germany is directly in the centre of the eu with multiple trucks simply crossing through for free , almost every other country has a toll, 
  how long is the queue ? 
  churchill a saint ? 
  eu army when ? 
  planned obsolescence invented by italian/greek construction companies confirmed, 
  cat fight, 
  i also like [ this ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=d6gu5fnqq9u&amp;ab_channel=xsonicsd ) version, 
  portugal honorary slav again, 
  would n't really say it 's resolved in germany and we paid for most of it ourselves , but yeah i think everything since the dublin agreement has been a big middle finger towards italy/greece/spain which is a real shame, 
  when i was in ireland , the speed limits felt more like a dare than a suggestion, 
  if those 4 leave eu will survive . 
  [ this ] ( https://media.giphy.com/media/srmpfavqlgsw8/giphy.gif ), 
  also , that religious thingy, 
  i seem to have the same problem except if i start drinking right after getting up . 
  i only do this during festivals though . 
  but in may i set a new personal record of only half an hour of memory , arrived at 23:00 for a birthday party where the host had his birthday next day , do n't even remember when we sang for him . 
  took a 2 day drinking break after that !, 
  they 'd welcome us as liberators !, 
  covfefe *, 
  sometimes i think eastern extension was a mistake , more so these days than ever,
