  only 1 more month till germany - 0 points, 
  except if you 're german , 2008-2014 were n't nice, 
  on the other hand , fewer teenagers want to get or are getting their drivers license because they feel there is no need for it ( + the high costs might not be worth it ) so the future is n't looking that grim, 
  left de gaulle , right adenauer, 
  poor small countries which pose no real canvas, 
  that does n't discredit the other atrocities found within for which the usa is very unapologetic ( or even prides itself with ), 
  the list is called * us atrocities * and not * us actions ( good and bad ) * , i agree that some things on that list are far fetched, 
  shame, 
  and many , many facts, 
  i agree the list is sometimes far-fetched , but then again , it also lacks segments of slavophobia, 
  i think it 's from `` bling ring '', 
  [ i wonder why anyone would dislike the usa or see it as evil ] ( https://github.com/dessalines/essays/blob/master/us_atrocities.md#notes ), 
  i 've heard portugal being referred to as honorary slav a few times on this sub , maybe he alludes to that, 
  maybe something like [ this ] ( http://i2.kym-cdn.com/entries/icons/original/000/021/268/1433504206201518479.jpg ), 
  we just love your everything ( also , all of europes beaches are belong to us ), 
  if anyone , it would be schalke fans , but i highly doubt that , we just * sing * about slitting each other 's throats, 
  london eye, 
  does not compute they seem to prefer other countries thrones . 
  the current heir of the hohenzollern family seems like a decent guy but actually had a big family feud because the actual heir had to abdicate his right because he did n't marry someone noble , this even went to court where courts ruled differently and then one higher court seemed to favour georg friedrich , who now is the heir of prussia . 
  this felt weird writing as we basically have no connection to monarchies . 
  did n't we have this thread a few days ago ? 
  anyway , ca n't give full perspective as i 've grown up quite far in the west . 
  * netherlands : vla , double vla , beer cans without return fee for festivals , stroopwaffeln , bicycles ( hollandrad ) , laid back attitude , i think dutch people are really close to us and always fun to be around . 
  * belgium : some beers , fritteries ( best fries i ever ate in my life ) , pralines * france : baguette , salted butter ( those 2 combined are truly divine , no matter the time of day ) , very diverse cuisine and countryside , seem very sexually liberated compared to us * switzerland : got their shit together , good chocolate . 
  dug a nice tunnel for us to easier get to italy . 
  * austria : thanks for introducing the schnitzel to us * poland : vodka sorry other neighbours i 've never been to you and it would n't feel fair to make an assessment , as you can see from poland and austria where i 've only spent a weekend each i really ca n't say much . 
  guess denmark should be thanked for lego ( land ) and czech republic for beer, 
  [ this is where i would draw the line ] ( http://imgur.com/mxcnbas ), 
  netherlands would be nice but we would n't fit and we just do n't have the polder knowledge , so either france or poland, 
  man i used to trade so much with russians before they introduced region locks on games, 
  it 's on the same level as the early nineties i would say, 
  fajitas/burritos i guess , have n't eaten much non-european food, 
  many of the actors in got are, 
  trip to usa was glorious , everything from whether we had cars , fridges , dishwashers , electricity , phones , hitler, 
  barely scrapping by right ? 
  [ example 1 ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=abgpqlfak0c&amp;ab_channel=donotstv ) [ example 2 ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-8kgdas4ocs&amp;ab_channel=donotstv ) [ example 3 ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-crdt3sbrum&amp;ab_channel=donotstv ) ca n't decide which, 
  where i grew up some people had saunas in their basement . 
  i 've been to `` real '' saunas twice only . 
  was mixed gender , nude or towel , did n't matter , water thrown on heater , do n't remember the temperature but was way too hot for me . 
  i went out after like 10 or 15minutes , probably less , felt like an eternity , then the older men just started pouring water on the stones again . 
  in my current city there is a big spa famous for their sauna , tickets are always a good present for some family members, 
  with or without nukes ? 
  if without , the post wwii military endeavours of the usa show me they would absolutely get ass blasted if they 'd try to invade europe . 
  with nukes there 's no point in invading europe , just push the button, 
  florence, 
  oh yeah butter with sugar and call it a cake . 
  still tasty though, 
  nibba we 're not big , you 're just small, 
  butter for seafood , eggs and chicken , oil for rest , simple cooking 101, 
  do n't know it everywhere , but i heard niedersachsen ( lower saxony ) is horrible and baden w\u00fcrttemberg is n't great either in that regard . 
  i heard from one friend he could n't even use the busses in his town where he studied but that must be a fringe case , usually it 's trains that are privatised, 
  nah moved here but idk i 've met many people who come here just for 11.11 . and party in the streets . 
  and some clubs play more mainstream music in the evenings, 
  reminder that we are a federal republic and education is handled by the states . 
  yes i think from this year on the last states abolished general tuitions . 
  if you take too long some states will charge you again , though . 
  furthermore , we still pay for each semester , depends on the university , can be between 250 and 500 from what i 've heard . 
  you often get a free public transport within your state limit pass with this ( which sucks in some states because most of the public transport has been privatised there ) then there 's the non-eu thing . 
  so far as i know only baden w\u00fcrttemberg currently demands 1.500 $ / semester from non-eu citizens but more states are thinking about implementing this . 
  to americans this can seem * free * but many in germany ca n't actually afford the 250-500 $ / semester even with government help , so i guess others might have the same problem, 
  dude i * live * in cologne :d, 
  idk streets full of dressed up people drinking does n't seem to strange , sounds fun to me, 
  in germany around 80 % were pro refugee so the government was n't exactly acting against public interest, 
  german , english , french , bit of spanish and got my latinum ( barely ), 
  someone tried to convince me he was from bielefeld but that ca n't be true, 
  it 's more about adhering to international law than about cheap labour, 
  if you learn german you could apply for university here , tuitions are relatively low , acceptance rate as well though ( my uni accepts 2 % foreigners for example ) people do n't open up easily though and our mosques are often more conservative than in arab countries . 
  plus , it 's cold . 
  spain might be better suited but job market is tough, 
  except on 11.11 . of course, 
  probably not, 
  have n't seen that one . 
  thanks though, 
  right ? 
  who 's gon na buy our products then ? 
  he 's bulgarian, 
  either is horrible on it 's own : , 
  among other things , like culture exchange , political union, 
  hey we have a real madrid fan club in munich :d, 
  there are some grains of truth in this movie but i would n't take anything in there for face value, 
  educational ? 
  for germany depends on the month , basically every german town has a christmas market starting late november but during christmas everything will be closed for a few days . 
  11th november starts carnival season in the rhineland so being in a town like d\u00fcsseldorf , mainz or cologne that day could be fun . 
  back then i was like `` sure let them join , why should they be excluded '' but growing up i notice there is a deep divide on what the eu means , for most of the new members it just seems to be about economics which is rather sad, 
  bielefeld does n't exist , does that count ? 
  fuck off mate, 
  i like the english hooligans, 
  you mean big lebowski ? 
  can confirm , we 're all nihilists, 
  are we ever anything else other than nazis , crazy scientists or both ? 
  oh yeah some techno guys with weird fetishes, 
  i always associated accordions with sailors and other seamen, 
  i just liked it because i can never decide what to order , less options less decision making :d, 
  well we did do the boxer rebellion in history and british india in english , but sengoku jidai would have been so cool for example, 
  i go like every 2-3 days , just for the fresher stuff like vegetables , fruits and milk . 
  i 'll check my fridge and cupboards beforehand if something longer lasting is lacking or about to be used up and then i 'll buy that as well . 
  i usually shop by bike , but sometimes i take the bus to uni and then get off at the station near my preferred grocery store . 
  getting back then either by bike , bus or foot . 
  if i have to carry more than 1 crate of beer definitely not bike, 
  some people in france would call me nazi so i mostly kept my mouth shut while travelling to poland to not have the same experience .
