  from my experience in germany having lived here for the last two years : * punctuality is more of a swiss or japanese thing , i guess . 
  i have n't been impressed with german punctuality . 
  especially when it comes to deutsche bahn . 
  * beer , efficiency , cars , arrogance : yes . 
  but efficiency is sometimes counterbalanced by bureaucracy . 
  and those road construction works seem to take forever ... * never jaywalking : true , until 10 pm . 
  afterwards it 's ok because kids are in bed and they wo n't see you do it . 
  * nitpicker : oh god yes . 
  and germans seem to particularly enjoy telling others what the `` right way '' to do something is . 
  which kinda explains the no jaywalking thing , i guess , because if you do it there 's always the risk somebody will come to you and tell you it 's wrong . 
  * how can you forget football ? 
   * no humour : false , it 's there , but it 's uh ... different . 
  but germans like to laugh . 
  sometimes for weird reasons . 
  * lots of travelling : yes , because germans are numerous , a lot of them have relatively high incomes , and they go abroad often . 
  * digging holes in dutch beaches : no idea . 
  but leaving towels on the beach to reserve a spot ? 
  yes . 
  czech republic is a place ( or at least prague is ) where it 's acceptable to build a nightclub in a former church . 
  this very thought would provoke mass hysteria in religious countries . 
  exactly . 
  i think that applies to a lot of countryside areas where people just do n't have a lot of contact with foreigners . 
  in france or otherwise . 
  there are exceptions though ( e.g. 
  in some areas people are so fascinated by the chance to talk to a foreign person for the first time , that they just do n't care if communication is rough ) . 
  i got yelled at yesterday evening for not understanding a sentence when i was ordering a sandwich . 
  it regularly happens for equally stupid reasons . 
  i live in germany . 
  so it 's not exclusively a french thing . 
  i do n't think i learned a lot during my english classes , and certainly not that rule . 
  almost everything that i 've learned comes from tv , games , or the internet . 
  edit : just to add : in french there is a similar rule , and in portuguese there is n't . 
  i lost the count of the number of times people asked me that question , and i only lived there for like 5 months ... , 
  true . 
  it 's a matter of identifying where the gap is sufficiently large to make the cut . 
  actually , make that `` gaps '' , since there are multiple aspects . 
  geographers , who study those things , tend to put western russia in europe . 
  i do n't know , i 'd feel wrong saying saint petersburg and moscow are asian cities . 
  i 'm pretty sure most people make the cut at the ural mountains , just before the caucasian countries , and at the bosphorus strait . 
  the way the question is asked in the op implies that such territories will eventually become independent ( cf. 
  the use of the word `` still '' ) , which i guess explains some of the defensive reactions . 
  in that case , how do you feel about current us colonies ( that are * still * part of your territory ) ? 
  i do n't think that qualifies as a song , though . 
  a beautiful classical piece , sure . 
  i do n't mean to criticize , it was just a tongue-in-cheek comment , 
  yes . 
  kouign amann is basically a huge slab of butter with sugar and flour . 
  i 'm drooling as i type this and all my arteries are contracting in fear . 
  there are several places where prices are still displayed in french francs specifically for old people who never really got used to the euro . 
  mostly supermarkets . 
  it 's weird . 
  when people confuse / r/askeurope with / r/asktheeuropeanunion : s, 
  ah , i also remember the time i moved to limoges from rennes . 
  when i gave people the news it usually went like this : `` you know , i 'm moving away from rennes in a few weeks . 
  my partner found a job elsewhere ... '' `` oh , is that so ? 
  where ? '', 
  '' ... i 'm so sorry . '', 
  ( but it 's actually a beautiful city . 
  just in the middle of nowhere ) . 
  reminds me of a story i heard of a person who wanted to go by train to monaco from italy and ended up in munich ( '' * monaco di baviera * '' in italian ) . 
  honorable mention to saint-denis and the whole 93 * d\u00e9partement * , i guess . 
  or take your pick among any of the ugliest , murkiest corners of the parisian suburbs . 
  i visited slovenia for the first time this summer and i definitely want to go there again in the future . 
  the landscapes in the country are gorgeous , the locals were generally very friendly ( and astonishingly comfortable when speaking multiple foreign languages ) , everything looked organized and well taken care of . 
  the trip was short but made me want to know more about the country . 
  i eat pretty much everything except seafood ( invertebrates ) because of an allergy . 
  i have killed fish in the past for a study . 
  it 's also weird how portuguese people can understand brazilians without any problem while the opposite is often not true . 
   veiculo longo means long vehicle and it 's obligatory to use when a vehicle exceed a certain lenght . 
  is n't this used in other countries ? 
  i think it 's really a portuguese thing - i travel in france and in germany by car a lot and it 's really something i have noticed - there are also a lot of trucks from poland , italy , bulgaria , romania , croatia , spain ... but portuguese trucks seem to be unique in that aspect . 
  weird . 
  i 'm a mediterranean-type person born in brazil and who also obtained a french passport a few years ago . 
  i definitely feel brazilian just like pretty much everyone else there because there is no `` national ethnicity '' there - as a matter of fact , descendants of native american people are actually pretty rare there . 
  most people do n't even know their exact origins - in my case i had a great-grandmother who came from portugal , but that 's about it . 
  and people do n't care . 
  so that partly answers the question at the end of the op . 
  as a naturalized french citizen , i feel perhaps a little less french than the average native person , because my french and my knowledge of french history is not as developed as those of most natives ( it 's close , though ! ) . 
  however i love france very much as my `` adoptive country '' . 
  when people ask me where i 'm from , i often say brazil to keep it simple and avoid confusion , but in my heart ( and officially ) i 'm a part of two nations - one by origin , another by choice . 
  and it 's ok if my blood does n't tell the whole story . 
  yes !, 
  hostels !, 
  try to find those hostels that focus on creating an atmosphere that allows the customers to socialize and do n't worry * too much * about comfort . 
  there are so many cool people to meet out there ... 
   i do n't see how a normal tourist would end up there ( maybe if you booked a cheap hotel/airbnb in the suburbs ? ), 
  never underestimate a tourist 's ability to get lost . 
  i know i have been in the wrong places quite a few times ... 
  more importantly , who would drink radler in czech republic ? 
  i 'm pretty sure that is a crime . 
  i mean , they have 850 + languages there . 
  it 'd be like mixing coca-cola and fanta , a terrible ide -- wait . 
  never mind . 
  yes . _ . 
  where i live in germany sometimes their * piquette * is so bad , that 's pretty much the only way you can drink it . 
  by watering it down . 
  `` but weinschorle is a nice drink '' is another great one . 
  `` yes , i would like a glass of wine , but please add some sparkling water to it '', 
  it is also definitely popular in france , and it works in germany as well though i have n't used it too much there so i ca n't be sure about its popularity . 
  i 'm french-brazilian , born in brazil , and i am definitely not offended by that .
