  preferrably enough to pay for a restaurant bill or something . 
  i have about 75 $ in my wallet right now and i 'm not even german . 
  when i lived in france i often had almost nothing and paid for everything with my credit card . 
  because the form is not as important as the content . 
  i speak english , french and portuguese well , and if i find something that 's interesting in any of those languages , there 's a chance i adopt it . 
  since there 's a lot of stuff in english on the internet , a significant part of the interesting things i find are in english , and that 's fine . 
  i do n't try to favor any of those three languages over the others - it 's all about the content . 
  you have n't been looking very hard , have you ? 
  sometimes i wonder if sarkozy has any actual personal convictions apart from his love of money and power . 
  because the means to achieving those ends do n't matter that much , he flip flops all the time . 
  whenever you consider one of his statements , you have to remember he might be saying it just because it 's his political strategy at that point in time . 
  if he thinks he might get more votes by radically changing his words , he will probably do it . 
  i travel in that region very very regularly and the road i pick changes very frequently . 
  here are some details that may be relevant : * there are no tolls on either side . 
  * the autobahn has no speed limits in most parts , however this does not apply to areas around karlsruhe and especially freiburg . 
  this information is relevant if you drive at speeds greater than 130 km/h * strasbourg is an absolute mess at certain times and if you 're travelling during rush hour you should consider taking the german side * in contrast , there are often construction works on the german side . 
  if this is the case , the french side may be a lot smoother * the quality of the road is generally better on the french side , and that 's particularly relevant when it 's raining or snowing i usually have a look on google maps before travelling to see if there 's something going on on either side , and then make my decision based on that . 
  if there are no accidents or construction works , i usually take the german side by default to be able to drive faster . 
  but if i 'm not in a hurry i take the french side because there are usually less people there , and i find it less stressful because there is a smaller difference in speed between tracks ( in germany you 'll often find trucks travelling at 100km/h on the right , cars at 130km/h in the middle , and random porsches at 220km/h on the left , while in france the contrast is not that big and when people switch tracks it 's less alarming imo ) . 
  upvote for mentioning arte !, 
  to those who do n't know about it , it 's a french-german channel where everything is available in french or in german ( you just switch the settings on your tv if you want to change languages ) . 
  and the content is usually high-quality too . 
  i think something like that would be technically possible and english would n't even necessarily dominate everything , if it works like arte and you can just pick the language you prefer via the tv settings . 
  i realize a lot of languages would be involved in a pan-european initiative , but technically i think it 's possible . 
  i think there 's something about a car named koleos ( by renault ) sounding like vagina in greek ... maybe one of the greek-speaking redditors can confirm that ? 
  or the chevrolet nova sounding funny in spanish because it sounds like `` no va '' , implying that it `` does n't go '' . 
  unfortunately , no . 
  i even listened to the parts of the two videos in the op , heard some `` differences '' in pronounciations that may or may not be a product of my own imagination , then concluded that there 's no way i 'd be able to distinguish between those by myself . 
  i did have the impression that flemish-dutch used the tip of the tongue a little bit more ( e.g. 
  as in an alveolar flap ) than dutch-dutch , but i have no idea if that 's true . 
  brazilian-french person here . 
  i can distinguish major romance languages relatively easily : portuguese , spanish , french , italian , romanian , catalan ... though i could have trouble identifying languages with less numerous native speakers ( romansh for example ) . 
  apart from that , i speak german , can identify dutch , swish german , some germanic dialects ( pf\u00e4lzisch , alsatian ) , but then it gets really blurry after that . 
  i could probably identify major language groups ( celtic , or finnish/estonian , or western slavic , or eastern slavic , or northern germanic languages ... ) but i do n't trust my capability to distinguish irish from breton , or danish from norwegian or czech from slovak , or slovenian from croatian , or ukrainian from russian , etc. 
  i 'm admittedly ignorant apart from romance languages . 
  edit : this is all oral comprehension . 
  if we 're talking about reading , i can be a lot more precise . 
   in 2016 , the united kingdom voted to leave the international community with their `` brexit '' vote . 
  our `` calexit '' referendum is about california joining the international community . 
  ... what ? 
  i 'm so confused, 
  that has to be the worst sub i have ever seen . 
  i 've never felt more compelled to tell people to speak french , and i never do that . 
  you know what 's sad ? 
  kids who were named after american sitcom characters about 20 , 30 years ago . 
  there are so many millenials all over europe named kevin , dylan , steven , jennifer ... it 's just awkward now . 
  in france the name kevin has become a kind of joke . 
  `` hey , look at that guy , he totally looks like a kevin '' . 
  well ... 
  i 've never met anybody who did n't like to travel o_o definitely not a `` white girl stereotype '' in the places where i have lived . 
  yeah ... uh ... whatever you say ... * backs away slowly *, 
  if vague statements about personal interests on a dating profile are a legitimate reason to hate somebody , i think i missed something about life . 
  besides , the op did n't even mention dating profiles . 
  why would you hate somebody who says they love to travel , in general ? 
  wtf ? 
  just swipe left and move on to the next boring profile ? 
   * `` any dictatorship would be better than modern democracy . 
  there can not be so incompetent dictator , that he would show more stupidity than a majority of the people . 
  best dictatorship would be one where lots of heads would roll and government would prevent any economical growth . 
  '' * bahahahahaha . 
  somebody send this guy to north korea right now . 
  [ my thoughts ] ( https://media.giphy.com/media/fnynizds5f2cu/giphy.gif ) about the rest of his ~ ~ bullcrap ~ ~ quotations, 
  i 'm actually curious about this , it seems so absurd to hate on somebody because of that . 
  do you have any examples you could show us ? 
  violence in football ? 
  never seen that before . 
  that french food is served in frustratingly small portions because it 's supposed to be fancy , not satisfying . 
  yes , that description applies to some gastronomic restaurants ( in france or elsewhere !, 
  ) , but it 's ridiculous how many people think this applies to most french food . 
  the same word exists in portuguese as well ( `` morrinha '' ) , although it 's not usual at all . 
  one of the special things about saudade is that you can even use it for the future or referring to someone you have n't met or something you have n't even experienced , but that 's the more `` poetic '' meaning of it . 
  when it is used in everyday language , more casually , it 's either homesickness or missing somebody or something . 
  guns do n't kill people , plastic toys do !, 
  the first thought that came to my mind when i read the op was `` is germany in southern europe now ? '', 
  i have done that with french in brazil and with portuguese in various places in europe . 
  portuguese backfired once : s, 
  an interesting country whose history is full of great thinkers and musicians . 
  i would like to visit it one day , particularly st. petersburg , but i 'll wait until the queer-hating politics are over ( if this trend actually tones down during my lifetime , which is by no means guaranteed ) . 
  with regards to russians , i 've only personally met a few of them , definitely not enough to make any meaningful generalizations . 
  they ... drink a lot of tea ? 
  the portuguese word `` saudade '' has a reputation of being impossible to translate , which means a mix of melancholia and nostalgia , or missing something or someone , without being necessarily a negative thing . 
  in fact , it can be used in a positive way ( like nostalgia , but melancholic , but nice ... 
  i do n't know , it 's weird ) . 
  that said , saying you miss somebody in portuguese could be `` tenho saudades tuas '' ( i have your saudades ) or `` tenho saudades de ti '' ( i have saudades of you ) , and that is quite easy to translate ( i miss you ) . 
  you 're completely right , actually ... 
  i was thinking about every day uses and as a result posted some wrong information . 
  embarrassing . 
  in any case , the only form that 's common in french is the present subjunctive that i mentioned , whereas the three portuguese subjective tenses i posted are also common in everyday language . 
  with regards to `` que je fusse '' ( imperfect subjunctive ) , it 's restricted to literary french , and the other two tenses are derivative , compound tenses with a past participle ( which also exist in portuguese , but i were not mentioned to keep the message simple ) . 
  also notice a difference : all french subjunctive forms naturally follow a `` que '' ( that ) , while the portuguese forms follow a `` que '' , a `` se '' ( if ) or a `` quando '' ( when ) depending on whether it 's present , past , or future . 
  that does n't work with french . 
  but anyway , my statement that there 's only one subjunctive tense in french is false and i stand corrected , 
  compared to french , portuguese has an even more impressive collection of verb tenses when you consider that there are * three * subjunctive tenses !, 
  while in french there 's just a present subjunctive tense ( edit : false , see comment below ) , in portuguese there are future , past and present subjunctive tenses . 
  where in portuguese one would use these other subjunctive tenses , french just sticks to indicative instead . 
  example : * present - french : `` je suis '' ( i am ) , `` que je sois '' ( that i be ) . 
  both languages have different forms for indicative and subjunctive tenses . 
  * past - french : `` j' \u00e9tais '' ( i was ) , `` si j' \u00e9tais '' ( if i was ) . 
  portuguese : `` eu era '' ( i was ) , `` se eu fosse '' ( if i was ) . 
  only portuguese has different forms .
