  dan j\u00f8rgensen , social democratic integration spokesman , does not believe that one can be happy with that slightly more than half pointing to the constitution of the foundation of danish legislation . 
  `` you must have the aim that everyone in denmark supports the constitution and says loudly , clearly and that the second is unacceptable . 
  one must have , what religion you want , but laws and regulations in denmark , it is something that should be decided democratically , `` said dan jorgensen . 
  44 % of muslism do n't trust jews . 
  58 % of muslims do n't want friends as homosexuals . 
  do you still want them in your home ? 
  you do n't have to look at the comments . 
  i use it to get an uncensored idea of immigration i ca n't get here . 
  yes , i think it should not be like that . 
  i think there are neighbors that see themselves as big families ; scandinavia , the baltic countries , the balkan peninsula . 
  then there 's germany * woops forgot austria and switzerland ** . 
  and then there 's france . 
  fuck france honestly . 
  but if there 's any talk of non-europeans then ** alle euros mein br\u00dcder **, 
  still does n't give you the right to view the content for free  not allowing you to change the channel all of my fucking what . 
  you 're free to leave the website whenever you want . 
  it will be glorious : merkel 's golden shower, 
  you fools , this is the masterplan . 
  soon we will be asking mongolia for food like north korea . 
  free food . 
  i wanted to let you know that i 've since [ changed my opinion ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/3okdzk/german_newspaper_bild_now_blocks_users_that_use/cvy74r6?context=3 ) . 
  the malware problem was much bigger than i had realized . 
  sorry , i was wrong . 
  the malware problem was bigger than i realized . 
  i do n't agree with your other points but this one is the biggest one so i do n't think they matter . 
  yeah , but they did n't . 
  they want you to view ads instead . 
  and you do n't do that . 
  no , it 's not your problem , but you 're still a douche for viewing the content without paying . 
  i 'm just saying you 're a douche for viewing content you 're supposed to be paying for ( with enabling ads ) . 
  the problem is you 're viewing content you 're supposed to pay for you know , like watching netflix without paying for it, 
  haha do what you want my friend , i 'm just saying you 're a douche, 
   if they offer their content for free with ads , its their problem if i dont watch the ads . 
  it is your ethical problem , becauase you 're viewing content for free you 're supposed to pay for . 
   i will disable adblock for sites that offer quality content if i use the site enough . 
  but using adblock is not theft or even moraly questionable . 
  you deeming the content low quality does n't grant you the right to view it for free . 
   if bild wants cash for content , they can go build a paywall . 
  that would mean less ad revenue . 
  the correct course of action would be to not visit the websites with banners . 
  like you do n't watch netflix for free if you do n't feel like paying . 
   denying revenue isnt theft . 
  both result in loss of revenue , so this semantics game has leads to the same result . 
   you cant force people to not use adblock . 
  of course not , i 'm saying it 's unethical to use one . 
   you can only create content that is worth paying or worth enduring the ads . 
  what kind of entitled brat are you ? 
  i 'm guessing you think netflix should only charge you a subscription for content you deem worth paying for ? 
   i 'm sorry , ethical or not , but at this points ads are a security risk and blocking them is a valid course of action . 
  there have been several cases of legit ad-networks serving people viruses/malware on major websites . 
  so because of a few cases , every single ad deserves to be blocked ? 
   that 's on top of ads slowing down websites , sometimes completely preventing the site from loading because some ad-network server is down , ads popping up on top of content , auto-playing videos and sounds and a bunch of other obnoxious stuff . 
  if this happens regularly for you , we are living in different dimensions . 
  and the ads being obtrusive does not give you the right to view content you did n't pay for it it 's meant to be paid for . 
   the ad industry has screwed itself over and its them and their clients that need to change . 
  ad-block is simply the consumer protecting themselves from their overreach . 
  except adblockers came into existence when ads were n't that obtrusive . 
  theirs is a response to us , not the other way around , though it may seem so . 
  you know sweden is fucked when your government meeting spokesman claimed sweden had no culture of it own . 
  does n't affect my point . 
  why would ad providers need to accept malware ads if companies knew the ad business was booming ? 
   websites can already easily do that by simply putting all content behind a paywall . 
  that would mean less ad revenue . 
   ads were a thing on the web before adblock came along and before it became so widespread that website owners and ad companies noticed it . 
  i was there when ads came along . 
  they were not nearly as obtrusive as many are now . 
  paywall means less ads , and some would rather see ads than pay . 
  a ) the reader can disable adblock , so yes b ) just because you deem it unworthy does not grant you the right to view it for free yes it is , how can you not understand this ? 
  the fact that you * are * viewing it means that something went wrong , you are n't paying for what you 're supposed to be paying for . 
  are you also a proponent of all video services to offer their content for free ? 
  netflix does n't lose anything from allowing you to view their content for free , right ? 
  just because you deem the content garbage does not mean you can enjoy it for free if it is meant to be paid for . 
  wow , i can pay * and * get ads ? 
  what a deal !, 
  it 's robbing the company of the revenue it had gotten if it sold it to you . 
  by viewing their content without paying for it , they do n't get the revenue they should have from you . 
  yeah i agree dude . 
  i think ferraris are pretty shit , so i just steal them . 
  i 'm personally waiting for something better that i can pay for . 
  what could they have done ? 
  putting it behind a paywall would mean no ads at all , as opposed to this , which means at least a little ad revenue . 
  you do n't have to visit it . 
  but you do n't steal from a company 's manufacturing storage because you do n't support their ideals , do you ? 
  ad revenue is still substantial . 
  bild did the only thing they could do . 
  but you never disproved anything ...  we 're not even talking about video ads , you 're just jumping to different contexts to justify whatever point you currently have in your head . 
  all of my what  do you click the ads on the articles ? 
  if you read an article without clicking on ads every time , you 're the exact same as me . 
  proven false  i have no responsibility to accept the constant bombardment of manipulative messages from advertisers yes you do , because you 're viewing content that costs money to produce , and the content providers expect you to pay your due + please continue :-), 
  why do you think websites would resort to malware ads instead of legimitimate ones ? 
  do you think it 's because there 's an overflowing demand for ad spots ? 
  if you 've run out of arguments , i 'd like to call it quits here . 
  what ? 
  we 're talking about ads , are n't we ? 
  no , many ads are pay per view . 
  * including , but not limited to * , video ads . 
   i have no responsibility to accept the constant bombardment of manipulative messages from advertisers , uh , yes , i 'm sorry , but you do . 
  otherwise you 're viewing content you 're supposed to be pay for . 
  that is called stealing . 
  websites would have a lesser need to resort to malware ads were ads more profitable .
