that 's nowhere near what i said . 
  i said , that as a german , you should be more aware ( due to the history of germany ) , of the problems dehumanisation can cause . 
  then why would you bring it up ? 
  what does it matter that i 'm german ? 
   i 'm white too ... i do n't know where race or racism comes in to this - actually , it does n't . 
  this is not at all relevant to race or racism . 
  also , how would i know you were white ? 
  i 'm just throwing the word racist around without knowing what it means , do n't know where i got that from . 
  you know i 'm most likely white because of my flair . 
   ira fighting for independence ? 
  it is racist assuming i 'm more prone to dehumanisation because i 'm german . 
  unless you 're saying it 's not racism , because i 'm white ? 
  * why * . 
  christians are not intrinsically better , but the situation in the middle east is less than ideal so christians tend to have `` better '' values , as in values that we can all agree are good for humanity . 
  freedom of religion , ( relative ) freedom of speech , etc. 
  you do n't need to regard anyone as serious , freedom of thought is your right . 
  you can also disregard anything you like , but it is my right to say that you 're using a logical fallacy when you dismiss an argument because of the messenger . 
  that does n't mean that whatever he says is false . 
  if he 's such an idiot , debunking his arguments should prove easy for you . 
  you gave the reason , but that does n't negate the fact the guy you replied to brought up . 
  i know for a fact that one of them was , but he was n't the one who punched me . 
  he 's a top physics student too , so you 'd think he was more tolerant than this . 
  you should n't , it 's unbelievable how fast they changed . 
  but this is the internet so you do n't have to believe it . 
  in short , i was out with friends and we had gotten together with a group of muslims . 
  we were having a pretty good time talking until someone mentioned oktoberfest . 
  all 3 became very angry and said that oktoberfest is offensive and intolerant towards muslims . 
  i said that if they did n't like our culture they could fuck off and i did n't want them here . 
  one of them became even angrier and punched me in the face . 
  luckily we all kept our cool and left . 
  i think it 's more probable they want him gone because he 's an ally of iran . 
  same story with libya , not really humanitarian reasons either . 
  can confirm , i was attacked by ~ ~ muslims ~ ~ poc ( people of crescent ) the other day for being anti-immigrant . 
  they called me a nazi . 
  i fired a shotgun when i was younger . 
  i was standing on ice . 
  0/10 would not do again in my entire life . 
  why is this old fool listened to ? 
  do you know of news articles about this ? 
  i 've mostly been following / r/europe lately . 
  it 'd be one for countries with muslim culture , but us ? 
  man , it 'll cost us . 
  i just saw a muslim petition to ban oktoberfest , and then that muslim wife-beating conference which would have been everywhere had they been white . 
  do they send the rest to europe ? 
  i honestly was n't aware of that if that 's the case . 
  that 's fine mate , imo it 's different because the culture in turkey , lebanon and egypt is much more similar to syrian culture , so for them it truly is a drop in the ocean . 
  for us it is much more difficult . 
  oh thank god , i thought it was not trustable because i am nazi . 
  i meant that 300k is nothing compared to those already displaced , like i 've told you two times now . 
  turkey is [ still ] ( http://data.unhcr.org/syrianrefugees/country.php?id=224 ) accepting refugees . 
  do you see that ? 
  400k since jan 2015 . 
  somehow i doubt the entire middle east combined would have trouble accepting those 300k . 
  are you fucking serious ... a drop in the ocean is a figure of speech . 
  stop twisting my words , and start thinking about why you need to . 
  nothing but insults . 
  so typical . 
  i say again : it is a drop in the ocean , so there 's no way it 's because they ca n't stay . 
  ~ 300k are in europe , that is a drop in the ocean . 
  must be because i 'm an evil nazi for disagreeing with the mods . 
  you 've shown a lot of them stay , yes , but we 're talking about the people coming here . 
  why do they come here ? 
  if you 're on chrome you can hold the buttons and witness your computer slowly drown . 
  wait , are n't you the one who implied germany = hitler earlier because i disagreed with the mods ? 
  edit : [ yes you are . 
  ] ( https://www.np.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/3kxsid/why_does_the_mods_of_reurope_censor_all/cv1joix ), 
  do you treat your enemy the way you treat your friends ? 
  it 's a significant factor just like for every single redditor , yes . 
  if you think people vote based on the comment alone , you are very wrong . 
  i do n't downvote him because i disagree , i downvote because he is a censoring sun of a flower . 
  / r/european ? 
  they have hookers no doubt, 
  it 's simple : the mods are living in a fantasy agenda bubble . 
  ah , that makes it okay then . 
  you got it , drycunt !, 
  down with the patriarchy !, 
  by the way they write , i 'd wager it 's a child putting its views out there . 
  go easy on them . 
  i suspect you are an immigrant . 
  some people care about their country 's historical ethnicity . 
  the ethnicity of the population . 
  thanks for doing the work , i appreciate it . 
  i do think though that 3 % is hardly a significant portion . 
  that is your opinion , and it is your right to voice your opinion . 
  your point would be interesting were it true . 
  can you back it up ? 
  my point is that immigrants seem to tend to have values which i deem undesirable . 
  we have an ethical one to help them , not to specifically import them into our country . 
  its diminished success rate in immigration hubs may be because they have higher concentrations of immigrants . 
  some kind of incentive exists in certain immigrant populations that does not exist in native ones , presumably because of their upbringing . 
  the sentiment could likewise be introduced in native european upbringing . 
  that , or give people with german citizenship , or those whose grandparents had citizenships , to be rewarded when you have 5 + children . 
  but if that does n't work in sweden then maybe it 's not a good idea . 
   hence the fact that i never actually accused anyone you said that this line of thinking was in line with what hitler did . 
  we actually do n't have that responsibility , according to the un . 
  turkey and lebanon do , though , because they 're adjacent to syria . 
  but of course i agree that we should help refugees . 
  i just do n't believe in such radically different cultures being a good fit . 
  the track record is not spectacular , at least . 
  you know your stance is weak when you have to pull the hitler card .
