  dude , you could n't be more right . 
  also charging us outrageous tariffs . 
  at one point you get sick of a person asking for money and then talking shit about you behind your back . 
  then come running when the bad guy comes . 
  it 's going to be great when the russians shut off the nat gas and we get to charge them whatever we want . 
  oh , do you guys have a trade deficit with us ? 
  oh what was that import tariff on u.s. cars ? 
  like 10 % right . 
  what do we charge you ? 
  fucking 2.5 % the only way your shitty continent makes money is with protectionism . 
  lets look at wine the eu import tariff ad valorem equivalent ( ave ) is approximately 32 % , switzerland 's ave is 90 % on red wine and 106 % on white . 
  by comparison , the u.s. import tariff ave is 1.4 % . 
  just this represents billions . 
  or do you just not know what the term protectionist means i 'm not delusional you 're just ignorant to the world, 
  euros are selfish and all that spending has put you into a horrible economic position . 
  + the reason brexit happened is why trump will win, 
  nato is done . 
  they 're big boys and should take care of there own . 
  have fun with all those migrants . 
  the probably wont fall for the train bit again so maybe fake hookah shops ? 
  another euro thinking the world cares about you . 
  dude the eu is going to break up in less than five [ years . 
  ] ( http://www.forbes.com/sites/johnmauldin/2016/03/28/these-are-the-5-biggest-risks-that-could-break-up-the-european-union/#7d73437458ea ) you think we need you . 
  we 've given you the best [ trade deals ] ( http://www.forbes.com/sites/johnmauldin/2016/03/28/these-are-the-5-biggest-risks-that-could-break-up-the-european-union/#7d73437458ea ) and you all still bitch and moan . 
  we have a trade deficit with you becuase you 're protectionists . 
  if that got changed you will collapse and it will . 
  talk about putting your head in the sand . 
  [ you have negative interest rates ] ( http://www.marketwatch.com/story/the-real-problem-with-negative-interest-rates-they-are-a-stealth-tax-2016-05-18 ) . 
  your financial sector is collapsing , you have no or minimal innovation , and if you do n't put tax and spending reform together you 're done . 
  you need us , we do n't need you . 
  only thing that would happen is a trade surplus and a boost to u.s. automakers and ag . 
  what do we loose logo, 
  fuck that . 
  i know that 180,000 more french died in ww2 but most were probable french jews they handed over . 
  russia could take most of eastern europe and not come over here . 
  they fucking had it , till we won the cold war . 
  europe sucks and all it 's people are arrogant cunts . 
  hey dumb dumb , how is the us protecting all of europe helping the weapon industry ? 
  would n't it be better to have everyone buying them ? 
  it 's like bush did 9/11 and the us is hiding aliens in the white house , that 's how they got the cool plane . 
  trade , nato , fucking taking advantage of us . 
  they protect their industries from us and sell into our market , all the time not meeting their obligations in nato, 
  this shit is so funny . 
  my grandfather had to fight and die for the french in ww2 , and now someone is saying we have to fight for the germans . 
  you guys need to grow some balls . 
  can we get a free ride over here . 
  come on guys we want free stuff, 
  you did it to yourself . 
  might think twice when flapping your big euro mouth . 
  the best thing about this year has been watching europe crumble and fight about noone living up to their obligations . 
  well , everyone talks shit on us , so fuck everyone else . 
  oh , ok when russia mustard gasses the french we 'll just sit by . 
  this is what i 'm talking about . 
  you would support the baath party over us . 
  here 's a story i 'm sure you 're too young to remember . 
  the ba'athist invaded kuwait and launched chemical attacks on the kurds killing thousands of civilians and children . 
  after gulf 1 al qaeda set up shop in iraq . 
  this represented over 60 % of their funding . 
  there has only been one gulf war , we just had to wait a bit . 
  dumb ass . 
  europe is a bunch of self centered losers who would support a well known war criminal over us . 
  hope you speak good russian . 
  dude , he 's just saying it because a large part of our population think europeans are shit talking bastards who do n't live up to their obligations . 
  all you guys do is talk shit on us . 
  so tell me why we should protect any of you ? 
  you know exactly what i 'm saying . 
  you better hope the canadians will fight for you . 
  lord knows you guys will never pay for anything but entitlements for yourselves . 
  so goodby from the usa , sorry eastern europe you 'll be the ones who take the heat for the french , belgium , germans , dutch , northmen . 
  it was intended to be a partnership . 
  then these nogood s talking losers did n't pay their fair share . 
  all the while talking shit on the ones who had to pay double . 
  while they get free collage . 
  yes !, 
  finally . 
  europe has been taking advantage of the us for years now . 
  talking shit about us all the while not living up to their obligations . 
  all you have to do is spend one day in any european country to realise that their not our allies . 
  well , they 'll be forced to after it collapses in five years . 
  sounds about right . 
  the only thing is it just looks bad . 
  the eu need the uk more than the uk needs the eu . 
  but it like splitting hairs . 
  over all too much nationalism is always bad . 
  it 's only due to your central bank paying people to borrow . 
  your fundamental problems with entitlements , anti-business , and low engagement in the labor markets are the probems . 
  the eu wo n't grow with youth unemployment above 20 % . 
  you have structural problems that need to be resolved . 
  so do we , just not as bad, 
  greece will be out in less than 2 years . 
  should have done it 3 years ago . 
  this is why trump will win . 
  skip to end for greece http://www.cnbc.com/2016/06/24/alan-greenspan-says-british-break-from-eu-is-just-the-tip-of-the-iceberg.html, 
  he 's going to win . 
  it 's like brexit polls , no one really tells them who they are voting for if it 's non pc . 
  same situation over here . 
  stagnant wages low growth . 
  all a trump win . 
  nope . 
  little to no effect .
