  the uk should invoke article 50 now and stop all payments . 
  obama is going to retaliate against the eu [ soon ] ( https://www.theguardian.com/technology/2016/aug/24/apple-taxes-european-commission ) and with europes negitive tax rates and failing mainland banking [ system ] ( http://www.zerohedge.com/news/2016-07-07/europes-bank-crisis-arrives-germany-%e2%82%ac29-billion-bremen-landesbank-verge-failure ) they wont have any cards . 
  the us and uk should hit them at the same time . 
  they are running around like bullies , russia , us and uk are odd bedfellows but lets hit them where it hurts now !, 
  this is bigger that 14 billion . 
  it 's tea leaves . 
  the u.k. 's voters made a very , very smart choice . 
  barely two months after brexit and was slated as some kind of collective national racist xenophobic lynch mob does the eu exhibit exactly why the uk left and why they will eventually break up . 
  the true fact that is europe is a group of `` allied '' nations dead set on getting the most for themselves . 
  the gov and people of ireland are learning that right now . 
  how long exactly till apple reduces all the jobs in ireland for a more central location will the people hold their own referendum ? 
  it will play the same way , wo n't believe it till it happens . 
  the southern parts of europe will become the bastard children set to fight on their own with little or no help . 
  i ` ts great to set the stage for unified tax and spending policies of your on the top , but if you 're greece you will endure 100 years of poverty . 
  this is bigger that 14 billion . 
  it 's tea leaves . 
  the u.k. 's voters made a very , very smart choice . 
  barely two months after brexit and was slated as some kind of collective national racist xenophobic lynch mob does the eu exhibit exactly why the uk left and why they will eventually break up . 
  the true fact that is europe is a group of `` allied '' nations dead set on getting the most for themselves . 
  the gov and people of ireland are learning that right now . 
  how long exactly till apple reduces all the jobs in ireland for a more central location will the people hold their own referendum ? 
  it will play the same way , wo n't believe it till it happens . 
  the southern parts of europe will become the bastard children set to fight on their own with little or no help . 
  i ` ts great to set the stage for unified tax and spending policies of your on the top , but if you 're greece you will endure 100 years of poverty . 
  keep telling yourself that . 
  look into the trade [ numbers . 
  ] ( http://ec.europa.eu/trade/policy/countries-and-regions/countries/united-states/ ) we should just get those numbers to even . 
  that would throw you into a recession and with brexit probably break the eu up . 
  pull out the us military to and you take care of you own shit . 
  tit for tat . 
  europe 's economy is n't strong enough for that . 
  with your negative rates , we could send you to hyperinflation . 
  you guys are starting a tax and trade war . 
  you dairy , meat , wine , and auto industry ca n't take that hit . 
  all we have to do is match you import taxes and your done . 
  the us has been giving the eu a free ride for ever . 
  you wo n't win . 
  you economy and the stability of the eu wo n't stand up to it . 
  they should have a referendum, 
  they did . 
  de regulation and lowering of taxes started with kennedy . 
  partisan politics like to avoid that fact . 
  also income inequality went up the most during clinton and obama . 
  so what would you have ? 
  you know that kennedy fought for lower taxes . 
  economics are n't a zero sum game . 
  is it irrelevant ? 
  that 's what you said i did . 
  but i get what you are saying about strong language . 
  however there is no personal attack or a real insult . 
  it 's reflecting how tit for tat tariff are done . 
  oh , so a personal attack is a whole region of the world . 
  none of that is directed towards an individual . 
  not according to the mainland . 
  man those guys are butthurt . 
  you do n't have the right to leave . 
  the germans almost had it in the end . 
  edit : holy shit from austria . 
  within five years man . 
  if they do n't get a unified tax , military , and gov it 's done . 
  the brits are so lucky to get out and get a lead on trade deals . 
  so you do n't think limiting expansionism hurt them at all . 
  agreed and we should re write all the trade deals . 
  match your import levels . 
  sanctions did help . 
  but i meant more pre 90, 
  dude , well said however it may fall on deaf ears . 
  the eu zone is so concerned with infighting and protectionism that they do n't have the ability to fight back . 
  they will never be a united states of europe . 
  they ca n't have unified energy , tax , spending , immigration , freedom , personal rights , and many more . 
  so it 's no wonder that the french would be unwilling to fight if the u.s. was attacked nonetheless turkey or latvia . 
  but this is why we are here . 
  not to protect the shitty french , arrogant germans , weird looking brits , so on , mainly all of western europe but to protect the east . 
  this is what they think about us now . 
  [ 1 ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=67rsreiybdc ) [ 2 ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_dqdg9si1k4 ) so most of reddit in europe are the type that want free shit and will spit on the grave of a us soder in normandy . 
  the germans have gotten really bad , i think it 's a make us bad to cover up their acts . 
  i would n't mind dropping nato as is and just going over to eastern europe and giving them protection for free . 
  they are the ones who had to live with soviet oppression . 
  not the french or brits well half of germany . 
  forget the west look east , we do n't want to be associated with those banana hammocks anyway . 
  on our modern military navy/jordan , we do n't need you . 
  i do like your guys new [ stuff ] ( http://static.wixstatic.com/media/d4b918_aeaf4deccd1f4a52ab2c413defb32792.jpg/v1/fill/w_555,h_428,al_c,lg_1,q_80/d4b918_aeaf4deccd1f4a52ab2c413defb32792.jpg ) but in all farness , it would be smart to let you guys have a few years to get your economy going and buy some new gear . 
  trump will just drop you and then all the trade deals . 
  this would send you back to the 50 's . 
  do n't worry , the day i 'm afraid of dudes with leather pants , mesh shirts and funny hats charging me will be the day . 
  all aside the french get after it . 
  mali , fucking stopped that shit in it 's tracks . 
  do you guys have any of those once used ww2 rifle around . 
  hows that tank you got ? 
  what 's it got 4 gears in forward 44 in reverse . 
  zamm boom thats some old shit right there, 
  thanks to us the u.s.a. 
  a swing and a miss . 
  i 'm talking about how they use us as their military and then give us shitty trade deals all the while spending money on themselves . 
  at the same fucking time they ridicule us for how much we spend on our military . 
  they have a country with a population around 325 million protecting another 500mil and they say we spend to much . 
  it 's over they can f off, 
  we should remove all missile defence and bases . 
  game on . 
  time to pay up or shut up,
