`` obama '' irrelevant, 
   assumptions and opinions sure , have fun . 
  friends forever . 
  dont care, 
   there is literally no connection then why does everyone talk about the united states of europe . 
  that 's what they did with this judgment . 
  your blatant hubris and ignorance is coming to a head . 
  noone in the money thinks the eu is making it five years post brexit . 
  look at three things in the next ten years in the matrix of brexit . 
  unification of the tax code , unification of spending and gdp growth . 
  you think that poor countries will just sit by and have germany tell them what to do . 
  if they ca n't regulate their own currency , it 's over . 
  five affluent countries agents the poor . 
  it wo n't work . 
  at least look up our subsidies numbers before having verbal diarrhea . 
  does the eu suck so bad they need subsidies ? 
  well maybe we should stop , as a libertarian i hate our subsidies to europe . . you guys can back saddam and russia . 
  most of you do already . 
  also what a sophomoric thing to say , europe is useless in the world militarily . 
  people in europe bag on us for our defence spending and then make us protect them . 
  the weird thing is the uk would be better of with mr t to the ump in office than billory . 
  the mainland has always trashed us , so yes i think that would be great . 
  true . 
  it should be the liability of the irish gov though . 
  penalizing a us corp that was only playing by the rules retroactively will come with other consequences . 
  this action by the eu is an attempt at finally unifying the tax and spend problems in the ez . 
  the way it 's being done will only threaten the eu more . 
  it makes a great distraction from the real problems at hand , false flag . 
  look back in nteflix reports , everyone knew this was coming down the pipe . 
  it 's just a distraction . 
  the eu is on the edge . 
  the irish are the ones who will ultimately lose in this deal . 
  exactly how many jobs are they going to lose in the next few years . 
  none pay 50 %, 
   `` if you do n't like it , do n't sell '' would actually hurt you much more than us . 
  that 's what these arrogant euros do n't get . 
  the think the world will stop without them . 
  in the end the us will be going around picking and choosing who we want to trade with after the eu collapse . 
  arnt we protecting you right now . 
  [ here ] ( http://www.wsj.com/articles/nato-calls-for-rise-in-defence-spending-by-alliance-members-1434978193 ), 
  ok , i think you have some [ rope out there ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oq15jqt4kmg ) [ or ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hb9wa4bz-fc ) [ or ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6edpy0rjhxc ), 
  good one . 
  no wonder people in the states are getting wise to your guys crap . 
  wrong google it, 
  the irish gov made the deal . 
  they did n't steal anything and i was talking about a referendum to leave the eu, 
  why would i have to be a trump supporter to want fair trade deals ? 
  for europe to live up to its obligations . 
  agreed . 
  they do n't even pay what they owe for nato . 
  you really want to get into it look at what they charge us for import taxes compared to what we charge them . 
  go back and read the comments . 
  stop being lazy . 
  we 're talking about the [ eu economic zone . 
  ] ( http://www.tradingeconomics.com/euro-area/gdp-growth ), 
  oh ya it is . 
  its fucked . 
  the scoring is related to government policies not economic conditions . 
  what are you talking about . 
  the eurozone had it the worst . 
  look it up, 
  really really . 
  europeans are the most arrogant people in the world, 
  in another year it will be a lost decade over the eu, 
  thats not in the scoring system . 
  yes denmark is the shit compared the the rest . 
  but i 'm not talking about just denmark . 
  you do have lower scores for startups . 
  ya but i can afford school , heathcare , a nice 3500sqft house car and have a higher % of take home pay . 
  i do n't need the government to wipe my butt, 
  [ go to page 4 ] ( http://www.doingbusiness.org/~/media/giawb/doing%20business/documents/annual-reports/english/db15-chapters/db15-report-overview.pdf ) ido n't care about the apple thing as much as our inport tax disparities . 
  i know it sucks . 
  they really put you in a spot . 
  that why i can only think of leaving . 
  devalue your currency , selloff state owned assets , incentivize tourism and foreign investment . 
  it sucks you only got one bid for trainose . 
   ireland gave apple a 0,001 % tax rate . 
  thats their fault . 
  you guys set your system up wrong . 
  and as for you not being able to compete globally . 
  you guys are n't exactly known for being very business friendly to startups . 
  it 's not like apple or space x are 300 years old , like most of your nepotistic protectionist society . 
  just keep your head in the sand . 
  it 's worked great so far . 
  your arrogance is n't winning you any friend dane . 
  just try not to have too long of a period of zero gdp growth . 
  ya , but what do you do now ? 
  you have to do something . 
  they have you on a dripper system . 
  the next crisis will hurt twice as bad . 
  100 years of pain or 10 years of suffering . 
  then you are doomed to fail, 
  kind of set it up wrong then . 
  hard to have a unified currency without a unified tax and spending code . 
  you always get snarky remarks from people without argument . 
  they should leave the eu or will suffer 100 year of poverty . 
  they have to get the drachma back . 
  the bullies of europe will just extort them forever . 
  do n't pay them . 
  the eu is dead set on starting a tax and trade war with the us and uk that they wo n't win .
