   there are plenty of articles and opinion pieces about women getting fucking hammered at bars and events ( melbourne races especially ) and clogging up a&e or claiming their drinks are spiked when they were not . 
  no there are n't . 
  there are plenty of articles about people doing those things , but because they sometimes mention women instead of being entirely about men like this one , your white knight syndrome focuses entirely on that . 
   because what you also would n't see ( well less of an extent ) is comments like `` not all women ! '', 
  literally the only person that has said ` not all men ' in this thread is you . 
   domestic violence of which we have a horrible , horrible problem with in new zealand, 
  white people do n't . 
  what the fuck is a ` staffer ' ? 
   `` there was no consideration for what it means to sexualise a black body through a white gaze . 
  a body which is by default subjugated to thousands of years of oppression -- that 's incomprehensible to those of us who are not within that body . '', 
  which thousands of years would those be ? 
  why do n't you go ask the ministry of education ? 
  or the ministry of social development ? 
  we do n't have ` staffers ' in new zealand . 
  we have staff . 
  they 're just called staff . 
  this is the us house of cards . 
  exactly . 
  that 's why he 's been granted citizenship . 
  the only reason . 
  because that ` indian it guy ' is actually a new zealander . 
  why would anyone welcome thiel ? 
  he 's a horrible racist fascist trump supporter . 
  xero are scum as well then . 
  xero is losing money . 
  well you should . 
  he 's literally a nazi . 
  he 's not a libertarian , he 's a nazi . 
  no he does n't . 
  they 're hugely successful at getting money out of people while losing money . 
  why would they be able to be charged for assault ? 
  companies are made up of living thinking people . 
  rivers are not . 
  no it is n't . 
  treating a group of people together as a person is one thing . 
  treating a river as a person is absurd . 
  why should an iwi get to have any say over our rivers ? 
  do n't be absurd . 
  can a company get married ? 
  do n't be obtuse . 
  you know that there 's a difference between legal persons and natural persons . 
  is it a natural person ? 
   but pretty stoked that nz has found such an innovative way to uphold a maori world view through a western legal mechanism, 
  we do n't have a ` western ' legal system , and it 's not a ` western ' legal mechanism . 
  there 's nothing ` western ' about our legal system . 
  upholding a * bunch of pseudo-religious mumbo-jumbo * is nothing to be proud of . 
  you 're absolutely right . 
  it 's nothing new for the new zealand government to pander to maori spirituality though . 
   it 's important to understand that the settlement in no way impedes on democracy . 
  the final decision making powers still rest with the democratically elected councils and central government . 
  that 's completely untrue . 
  those democratically elected councils often have voting iwi representatives on them these days , which is completely incompatible with democracy . 
  it 's also incorporating religious crap into our law . 
   the settlement effectively provides ` hooks ' into decision making processes that ensure that the viewpoint of maori has a chance to be heard and considered ( and essentially it 's been largely ignored for years and years ) . 
  the viewpoint of maori has had a chance to be heard and considered ever since they 've had the right to vote , which is a * hell * of a long time . 
   in terms of secularism , that is the separation of church and state . 
  i do n't think the maori world view ( such as the concept of kaitiakitanga - the responsibility to care for the environment ) should be seen as a ` religion ' in the traditional sense . 
  new zealand does n't have ` separation of church and state ' . 
  it is just secular . 
  it should remain secular . 
  this is n't about ` maori world view ' , it 's about pandering to iwi . 
  and it certainly * is * about religion . 
   what we need to be careful of is the western definition of the ` state ' is purely a western form of government . 
  no , it is n't . 
  it 's the new zealand form of government . 
  it has nothing to do with skin colour . 
   in reality maori had effective forms of non-western government ( based around concepts such as kaitiakitanga ) over nz before colonisation . 
  no , they did n't . 
  they practised cannibalism , had no real form of government or laws , and settled disputes * purely * through violence . 
  europeans had effective forms of government through the feudal system in the 11th century , but we 've moved past that and we should move past pseudo-religious maori bullshit too . 
   chiefs who signed the treaty were n't making a conscious decision to forego traditional concepts of governance in favour of western norms - but that is essentially what the colonial government assumed and has done so for many many years . 
  it does n't matter whether they made a conscious decision or not . 
  the simple fact of the matter is that no matter what was appropriate then , it 's * long * past the time that any pseudo-religious bullshit is appropriate in government . 
  it 's inappropriate for new zealand churches to have a place in government , and it 's inappropriate for maori religion to have a place in government . 
   a true treaty compliant state in nz , in my view , needs to have hybrid elements that allow for the maori world view to co-exist for the benefit of nz as a whole, 
  there is no such thing as a ` maori world view ' . 
  every maori person is different , there are no purely maori people anyway . 
  everyone is a unique individual . 
  every adult has the right to vote . 
  the maori party gets ~ 1 % of the vote , despite 15 % of the population being maori . 
  it 's offensive to claim that the ` maori world view ' exists . 
  there is no maori world view , just as their is no white world view . 
   our government needs to make laws that reflect the views of its people , and some of those people are spiritual . 
  then maybe they should vote for a party that represents that . 
  the reality is that 1 % of the population * at best * votes maori . 
  no , it 's not the same thing . 
  companies are made up of people . 
  rivers are not . 
  it 's a way of pandering to spiritual bullshit . 
  almost certain more unfair and discriminatory policies that give special rights to maori . 
  it 's not uncommon for maori to have special fishery rights in nz . 
   i think we fit in between full blown neoliberalism or right-wing economics and social conservatism like the united states, 
  but we do n't . 
  we sit ** completely ** within neoliberalism . 
   what did `` full employment '' mean in the 1940s ? 
  today it means 5 % unemployment , which is very different from what the name suggests . 
  today and then full employment has meant full employment : 0 % unemployment . 
  if you do n't seek work , you are n't included in unemployment figures . 
  that was true then and is true now . 
  unemployment was n't non-existent through some miracle of luck .
