  limited is more often bad than good . 
  decks are inconsistent . 
  i guarantee that it 's the format with the highest incidence of non-games due to mana screw or flood . 
  it 's often decided by who draws the best bomb . 
  any format that is n't triple one set is bad , and it 's taken them 25 years to realise this . 
  yes , i am indeed annoyed they 're printing unsummon instead of vapor snag . 
   that 's a complete joke considering how much modern has been changing in the last few years . 
  you may want to check out http://www.cubetutor.com/topcardsbyset/1 to see new cards that are better than anything that have been printed in the past . 
  that 's a completely invalid argument . 
  the power level of the card with maximum power level is not how you measure the power level of a set . 
  if you think the power level of standard is anywhere even close to where it was just a couple of years ago , you 're insane , and yet * that was massively underpowered compared to a couple of years before that * . 
   this is just a random common . 
  so was basking rootwalla . 
  it was just a random common . 
   they also print strictly better version of old cards all the time . 
  they do not do so at the same rarity nearly as much . 
  and they do n't tend to print exactly an old card , clearly a reference to an old card , but just * missing an ability * . 
  that 's so in-your-face . 
  the only people that will look at this card and care that it 's a reference to basking rootwalla will be the people that know that basking rootwalla had an extra ability . 
  the card exists purely as a ` fuck you ' to anyone that does n't like the massive reverse power creep of magic . 
   you 're also in a sub that specially caters to fans of the story , so if you do n't like it , i 'm honestly not sure why you 're here . 
  uh , no . 
  / r/magictcg is about mtg in general . 
  it 's absolutely not / r/vorthos or whatever the mtg story-related subreddit is . 
  it 's a thread about a card being spoiled . 
  the card is a bad card that was replaced with a better balanced version years ago . 
  downvoting people for contributing to the discussion is rude . 
  reprinting time walk is just a silly argument . 
  it 's so outside the realm of plausibility that using it as a hypothetical is just a waste of time . 
  take something more plausible . 
  if they reprinted [ [ counterspell ] ] , for example , that would not be power creep . 
  it would make standard more powerful , but standard would still be much , much less powerful than it was in the past . 
  reprinting [ [ lightning bolt ] ] also would not be power creep . 
  are you trolling ? 
  he 's literally contributing to the discussion . 
  just because he 's rating each card for modern does n't mean he 's not contributing to the discussion . 
  he 's making an important point , which is that wizards of the coast spends an * enormous * amount of time and effort printing cards that see play for a couple of months in limited and are completely and utterly useless junk forever afterwards . 
  a huge proportion of cards printed are only ever good in limited , if they are good in anything at all . 
  and then they are never relevant again . 
  limited players get * by a huge extent * the lion 's share of magic 's r&d time and resources . 
  that 's not really fair or reasonable . 
  pointing this out is a service to the community . 
  good argument . 
  the point is to rate it for modern . 
  does anyone on this subreddit know that formats that are n't limited exist ? 
  it 's apparently okay for 95 % of cards printed to only exist for limited players , including making reprint sets for constructed formats primarily designed around limited . 
  but evaluating cards for modern ? 
  better downvote him !!!, 
  it 's almost like the entire point is to show how much of what wotc prints is completely irrelevant and forgotten after 3 months . 
  that 's literally not true . 
  removal in modern * is * bad though . 
  if removal in modern was n't bad , there would n't need to be creatures on its ban list . 
   the content of the article is `` we ca n't make interesting standard cards because limited is our priority . '', 
  it 's almost like people have been complaining about this for 25 years . 
  nice to see them finally admit it though . 
   repeatable creature kill is n't very fun in limited, 
  it does 1 damage to an attacking creature . 
  a reprint at uncommon would have been fine , i think . 
   and many players do n't even know that an end of combat step exists . 
  that 's because wotc is absolutely atrocious at communicating the rules of magic . 
  what other game expects people to start playing by just * starting to play the game * ? 
  none of them . 
  you play every other game like magic by reading through a very simple introduction to the game 's rules . 
  i 've never seen a physical rulebook for magic . 
  if wotc actually communicated the rules to new players properly , they would n't have to redesign cards to make up for players not knowing the basic phases of the turn . 
  that 's not to say they should print cards that require knowledge of layers at common . 
  but a card that gets better when you know about the existence of * an entire step * but does n't require that knowledge is somehow too complex ... 
   this card did n't work for several reasons . 
  the main reason was that it was hard to turn this on . 
  you needed two or more deserts on the battlefield for this to kill anything meaningful , and it created tension when you controlled zero deserts . 
  you usually did n't want to cast this for no value and it would just sit in your hand until you drew your deserts . 
  if you never drew them , you felt bad for having this waste away in your hand and not casting it on turn four . 
  this is just totally the wrong way of thinking about things . 
  it 's perfectly fine to play this on curve with no deserts if you have no other plays . 
  it 's not ideal , but it 's better than leaving it in your hand . 
  new players are not going to ` feel bad ' about it . 
  they are going to learn a valuable lesson : just because a card has a potential upside , that does n't mean that you should n't play it in situations where you ca n't get the upside , sometimes . 
  cards do n't have to do their ideal best case scenario to be playable . 
  this card is good because it can kill a creature , that does n't mean it must kill a creature . 
  players need to learn how the play the damn game instead of being coddled by wotc . 
   another problem that this card caused was it made you draft deserts really highly . 
  ... not enough playables , etc. 
  now this is a good reason . 
  why give the other , stupid , pointless , silly reason when you can just give this one ? 
   play design, 
  it seems like this is just going to be another layer of draft balancing , which really seems pretty silly . 
  i thought the whole point of play design was that it was meant to playtest and balance for constructed ? 
   that 's the point though . 
  yes , it is . 
  so why do you have a problem with it ? 
   95 % of cards are only suitable for limited . 
  and that is a problem . 
  it 's poor design and poor use of resources . 
   most are n't even good enough for standard, 
  again , these are problems with wotc 's design , not inherent statements about the nature of reality . 
  these problems can be fixed . 
   et alone an eternal format like modern, 
  modern is n't an eternal format . 
   pointing this very obvious fact out in the comments for every card is n't constructive , it 's spam . 
  it 's not spam , it 's drawing attention to an important and often ignored issue in magic : the huge number of completely pointless cards .
