  all your code has to touch reality at some point . 
  again you idiotically lack the understanding of the difference between trusting the standard library and trusting user-written 3rd party code . 
   just because haskell injects your code into reality while rust sucks reality into it makes to real functional difference . 
  that 's utterly moronic . 
  haskell is safe , rust is not safe . 
  that 's the difference . 
   both systems try to show you strictly all you need to know to make a modification to the system . 
  haskell does n't let you write unsafe code, 
   constexpr const std : : pair < int , double  z { } ; is tolerated but the const in that declaration is redundant , but constexpr is required if z was to be used on contexts that required constants . 
  good . 
  that 's how it should be . 
   the pre-issaquah module ts draft grammatically allowed import m ; in an export-fragment , but that was n't the required form for exporting a module . 
  the post-issaquah module ts draft made that form the only one , and therefore compulsory . 
  ` export module m ` is retarded syntax that makes no sense . 
  it 's not an issue outside of shitty platforms like windows . 
   currently , if a territorial authority or regional council resolves to establish a m\u0101ori ward or constituency , a poll on the issue must be held if 5 percent of the electors of the city , district or region request it . 
  the result of such a poll is binding on the authority or council for at least two elections . 
  there is no equivalent requirement applicable to the establishment of general wards or constituencies . 
  this discrepancy sets a double standard that limits m\u0101ori participation and representation in local government by allowing it only if the majority agree . 
  this runs counter to te tiriti o waitangi , which guarantees m\u0101ori participation and representation in local government . 
  i think ms. davidson will find that the double standard here is that there 's any concept of special maori seats on local councils at all , given that without these seats everyone would get equal representation in local councils and with them maori get special representation . 
  for that matter , the treaty of waitangi ** does not ** guarantee maori participation and representation in local government in any specific respect . 
  certainly our normal democratic system offers maori that choose to vote the participation and representation of anyone else , which is fair , reasonable , democratic and sane . 
  one person gets one vote . 
  that should be the only system we use at every and any level of government . 
  i kind of sympathise with the driver here . 
  you have to be able to park * somewhere * in our cities . 
  christchurch in the areas they 've redone the streets is fucking unbelievable . 
  the lanes twist and turn all over the place , the parking looks like this :, 
  which makes it impossible to get into the parks . 
  they should be like this :, 
  so that you can actually drive into and out of them . 
  they 're literally as long as a car and incredibly tight and narrow . 
  the bike lanes take up so much space , they make the city unusable . 
  they should either pedestrianise the streets ( which they should do for * far more streets than currently * , 80 % + of streets should be pedestrian only ) or they should let drivers * actually drive on them * . 
  the new roads are also way too wide . 
  they do n't feel like a city , they feel like a motorway . 
  it 's unpleasant as an area to walk around in . 
  the only way to make a city feel nice to actually live in is to have mostly narrow , pedestrian and cyclist-only streets , with arterial roads for cars . 
  i mean yeah he 's a dick , this guy has no valid reason to be parked here . 
  but i still feel like nz 's obsession with separated bike lanes is terrible . 
   no it does not , because unsafe is open when the user knows better then the compiler . 
  there 's no such thing . 
   the standard library is 3rd party user-written code . 
  it absolutely is not . 
   then how exactly do you think xmonad works ? 
  are you actually literally retarded ? 
  i already said that ffi is different . 
  no , the discussion is about defaults . 
  c++ defaults to ` std : : string ` as the type for strings . 
  the australian labor party is * absolutely * left-wing in an australian context . 
  what constitutes left and right depends on the country . 
  you ca n't say they 're right-wing because you are hard-left . 
   anti-immigration, 
  anti-immigration policies are very left-wing . 
  pro-immigration policies are typical of right-wing parties . 
  left-wing parties oppose immigration as it drives down wages . 
  right-wing parties support immigration as it drives down wages . 
  i 've already explained why ` export import m ` is logical . 
  whoever is planning christchurch 's roads is utterly insane , honestly . 
  nothing is allowed to just be a simple intersection . 
  what it looks like now vs. what it used to look like : http://imgur.com/a/yplpd, 
  i get confused every time i go around that intersection . 
  you have to cut across a cycle lane , you have to ` turn left ' even though you 're really just going straight ahead ... 
  you idiot it 's not about moral superiority . 
  you can not actually call something ` safe ' if you mean ` safe assuming that all the code that is n't checked happens to be fine ' . 
  that applies to c just as much as it does to rust . 
  a properly safe language would either not provide ways to get out of the safety ( sacrificing performance ) or it would prove ways for you to * expand the compiler 's knowledge * . 
  that 's called a * proof * . 
  it drives onto it , obviously ... 
  i did n't really catch who the people on the podcast are . 
  could you explain / u/chemicalburns156 ? 
  pedestrian-only streets are common in cities all over the world . 
  ` what about fire engines ??? ', 
  is a bad argument against them . 
   common in places built before they were invented . 
  because the priority then was n't `` how can americans get around as quickly as possible in cars '' . 
   unreinforced masonry is common all over the world . 
  just because something is common does n't mean it is a good idea . 
  however this is a good idea . 
   but if it is such a bad argument you might want to go have a chat with those involved with the chch cbd process . 
  they cut things back because models indicated they would be severely hamstrung during mass casualty event . 
  i do n't believe you . 
  that sounds like rubbish . 
  yeah i got that . 
  i 'm interested because as a kiwi it sounded like one of them might also be a kiwi ? 
  wow you even like cricket . 
  that 's fantastic . 
  three orders of magnitude worse, 
  lands is n't particularly good against miracles . 
  it is much better against creature-based decks like maverick , elves , delver and stoneblade , especially decks with small creatures . 
   i 've seen people picking up turbo lands, 
  turbo depths ? 
  absolutely !, 
  absolutely try before you buy . 
  print out some proxies on http://metadeck.me, 
  for that matter , print out a gauntlet . 
  all of them ? 
  or these same ones selected by wotc ? 
  rug delver is still the best deck in the format .
