  i 'm correcting the moron that claimed that draft was ` the most skill-testing format ' . 
  because that 's objectively not true . 
   islam is no more of a homogeneous ideology than christianity . 
  yes it is . 
  it 's far more homogenous , mostly because it 's hundreds of years newer and has ( historically ) been restricted to a much smaller geographical area . 
  the paces really are slightly different . 
  30,000 new immigrants every year vs. 60,000 ... it 's really irrelevant . 
  we 're a country of what , 4 million ? 
  well no , now it 's probably fucking 5 million because of the rate of immigration . 
  either way , 30,000 per year is enough to destroy this country , and it does n't matter whether that happens in 10 years or 20 . 
  it 's going to happen , either way . 
  it would exacerbate the problem and provide a short-term ` solution ' with none of the accompanying benefits of real solutions . 
  the fake reactions of americans are so cringy . 
  it should be more . 
  the goal should be to make it unprofitable to dairy farm in arid areas like the canterbury plains . 
  tourism is a low-wage , low-productivity industry . 
  why would ecan do that ? 
  they 're controlled literally directly by the national party , the party of farmers ... 
  til having mutually intolerant sects within a religion means that there is n't a relatively homogenous ideology . 
  we have lots of things we could do, 
   yeah , temporary visas are also those who are tourists . 
  so we are going to starve one our primary sources of revenue ? 
  no they fucking are n't . 
  tourists are n't counted in immigration stats, 
   bizarre problem, 
  til not supporting an industry that heavily pollutes for marginal economic gain is ` bizarre ', 
  i 'm not denying that they reacted . 
  but the way they overreact to everything is just cringy . 
   why does n't it matter when something happens ? 
  because the end result is the same . 
  in 20 years we 'll be fucked either way . 
   if something bad is going to take twice as long that gives us twice as long to stop it . 
  if we get 30k immigrants per year for the next 5 years , we 're fucked in 20 years anyway , even if we never let any more in ever . 
   for business customers , a new priority mail service will be available between auckland , wellington and christchurch . 
  ah of course . 
  so fastpost is n't going anywhere . 
  fastpost * for the average person * is going somewhere . 
  ` business customers ' , though ? 
  totally unaffected , as per fucking usual . 
  tourists are not immigrants . 
  the dairy industry 's so-called ` economic activity ' has very little if any positive impact on the average new zealander . 
   taxing water has nothing to do with pollution . 
  it 's literally the entire point of putting a royalty of water . 
  it 's not a ` tax ' . 
  it 's making people pay for something they 're currently getting for free . 
  not the same as taking something that was theirs before . 
  how 's that relevant ? 
  my point is that it 's a common thread in new zealand and the world in general in the 21st century : one rule for businesses , one rule for people . 
  i do n't think the numbers are the most important thing . 
  the reason they 're coming here and where they 're coming from is what is really important . 
  20,000 british builders that culturally fit in immediately and provide a useful service ? 
  not really opposed to that . 
  maybe they 'll push to improve our fucking insulation and home heating systems ... 
  5,000 indian students that are going to shitty private ` tertiary education providers ' ? 
  a huge issue , despite being 75 % fewer people . 
  100 rich chinese ` investors ' . 
  massive issue . 
  the bullshit ` skill shortage list ' is also a big issue . 
  the ` software developers ' that are just pushing down wages when we have plenty of software graduates going straight overseas because wages here are too low ? 
  giant issue . 
  government services are n't about turning a profit . 
  they should n't aim to turn a profit . 
  their job is to provide a service . 
  they 're meant to cost money . 
  more user-pays shit from the tories . 
  hence, 
   20,000 british builders that culturally fit in immediately and provide a useful service ? 
  not really opposed to that . 
  maybe they 'll push to improve our fucking insulation and home heating systems ... 
  no , there is n't . 
  it 's rubbish . 
  there are more than enough graduate software developers to work in the industry , and there are enough senior people to train these graduates up . 
  what the industry wants is lots of senior people that it wants to pay a fucking pittance . 
  instead of letting the market do what it does best ( raise prices of labour in low supply and high demand ) , they just ask the government to artificially increase supply by importing incompetent developers from india . 
  go away tory, 
  tory = conservative . 
   except for the hundreds of thousands they directly employ, 
  other job opportunities exist, 
   the billions they bring into the country, 
  please learn some economics, 
   no it 's not . 
  because the bottling industry which got everyone up in arms is not a significant polluter . 
  the royalty on water is primarily aimed at farmers . 
   coming next , tax on air . 
  because people currently get that free . 
  air does n't belong to the government . 
  it 's taonga and belongs to iwi . 
  water does belong to the government . 
  it 's not intended to be profitable . 
  it should n't be intended to be profitable . 
  it 's a useful service and should be kept indefinitely , no matter how much it costs , because that 's how the government works and should work . 
  you 're just talking rubbish . 
  it salaries in nz compared to overseas are fucking trash . 
  the issue is n't that everything on the skills shortage list is rubbish . 
  the issue is that a lot of things on the skills shortage list ( chefs , it , etc. ), 
  are rubbish . 
  not everything . 
  the other issue is that the skills shortage list should be a list of skills we need to train up , ** not ** a list of skills we need to import poorly qualified indians with fake degrees to do a bad job at . 
  new zealand should have a 0 % domestic corporate tax rate . 
  at least for small and medium businesses .
