  madness came back , and that was ** way ** stronger than storm . 
  this is just objectively totally incorrect . 
  ` overpowered ' storm cards do not exist . 
  there is no storm card that exists that would be even * slightly * good in standard . 
   spells still dominate, 
  i have no idea what this is intended to mean, 
  i do n't understand why you say that ` significant upsides ' have been given to 3/5s . 
  there is one 3/5 for 4w with upside in the entire game at common , which is just blatant and unnecessary power creep . 
  you ca n't effectively block it with a 2/3 . 
  they 'll just make it a 2/4 . 
  see the fact they did n't use it on [ [ bontu 's last reckoning ] ] . 
  flusterstorm is good in vintage , very marginal in legacy and would be * crap * in modern and standard . 
  i mean come on , it 's [ current year ] , does n't everyone know that there 's pros/cons to each approach and different people settle on different ones ? 
  why do n't you just decide when you 're writing the code whether to comment or not comment and then go back to writing code rather than writing pointless blog posts about something that does n't matter . 
  i 've downvoted you because you say ` this is a cargo cult reason to use interfaces ' and then list a bunch of reasons to use them that basically sum up to a whole other set of cargo cults . 
  ... and ? 
  as someone that has spent a lot of money on mtg cards , including some fairly expensive ones : just fuck off with this please , wotc . 
  just reprint the damn cards so my friends that earn less than me can play modern and legacy . 
  the whole point of modern was meant to be that it was a nonrotating format not affected by the reserved list . 
  the limited print run of modern masters sets , the tiptoeing around with masterpieces . . this does n't ` respect ' me . 
  it does n't affect my copies of the cards . 
  my tarmogoyfs work just as well at $ 95 as they did when they cost me $ 200 . 
  edit : lol @ being downvoted by speculators salty about losing money to reprints, 
  oh , you excluded , i 'm sure . 
  i think it has a lot to do with the intelligence of his tumblr audience . 
  he quite explicitly said ` we 're trying to respect the players who already have copies ' , so i 'm afraid that 's not true . 
  my point is just that it 's really annoying that people say ` omg storm is so broken ! ', 
  but do n't say the same about . . 
  monastery mentor has had a * much * more negative impact on vintage ( and arguably legacy as well ) than any storm card has ever had . 
  but prowess is okay according to mtg players , because `` wotc only designs for standard and limited '' . 
  storm , though ? 
  does n't matter that it 's weak in standard and draft , no way . 
  it 's `` broken '' still anyway , because players suddenly switch to interpreting the cards as if they 're only being designed for legacy ... 
  it 's just nuts . 
  more 's the pity . 
  unless you consider ` turbo fog ' to be a prison strategy , in which case it 's been at least fnm-viable if not better in more than one standard of the last couple of years . 
  it 's supposed to be slightly more because :, 
  spares, 
  it varies slightly and it much better to vary over than under, 
   wotc obviously ca n't acknowledge inherent or exact monetary value on cards because gambling laws, 
  that 's not how laws work . 
  stop promoting this myth , people . 
  it makes * no sense * . 
  whether or not something is gambling has nothing to do with whether a company that makes it calls it gambling or acknowledges reality . 
  yes it is . 
  he 's basically confirming they 're doing the same thing with expeditions/masterpieces as they did with the reserved list : holding back on reprints as much as possible to preserve card values . 
  this just confirms that the years of them pretending they ` hate the reserved list ' is just blatant bullshit . 
  people here seem to have very fond memories of ths-ktk , and it was very popular at the time . 
  frankly , i remember it as an awful environment . 
  the lack of wrath of god really hurt , as did the lack of cards like ponder and mana leak . 
  so what did they do ? 
  they saw that green devotion and green in general was too good . 
  did they think ` maybe that 's because there are n't enough sweepers and 3-4 drops are too good ' . 
  no , they said ` obviously the problem of elvish mystic ' and banished 1-mana dorks from standard . 
  what the fuck , wizards ? 
  i mean yeah , ths-ktk was better than anything since then , but that 's not exactly difficult . 
  personally i think m12 should just be made permanently standard-legal . 
  m12 was the last core set to have birds of paradise , day of judgment , mana leak and 1-mana card filtering . 
  these are all things that were * core staples * of all of magic before . 
  and now ? 
  ` too powerful ' . 
  fuck that , honestly . 
  fuck that . 
   wizards say when you buy a $ 5 pack of magic you get $ 5 worth of cards . 
  no they do n't . 
   the secondary market disagree and basically say a $ 5 pack can net you anywhere between $ 0.5 and in the case of masterpieces $ 300 . 
  thats the difference . 
  there is no difference . 
  what wotc says or does n't say does n't change anything . 
  the plainfaced reality is that they quite intentionally print cards at certain rarities to set heir value . 
  there is no question of this . 
  nobody disputes this . 
  wotc does n't pretend they do n't . 
   right now you 're being sold magic as if all the cards have equal value , if wizards says actually some packs have more valuable cards then they acknowledge its actually a raffle . 
  that 's just not true . 
  it 's a raffle whether they ` acknowledge ' it or not . 
  wotc 's statements do n't decide what is true and what is false . 
  reality does . 
  reality does n't care about wotc 's statements or lack thereof , and neither does the law . 
  lingering souls is a great way to increase the spell count for delver without removing threats . 
  i 'd play stoneforge mystic over gurmag angler though . 
  more synergy with souls instead of less synergy . 
  i have n't watched the video yet , and he probably explains the choice in the video , but that 's my view . 
  spell pierce is way better than flusterstorm . 
  there are lots of important artifacts , enchantments and planeswalkers to hit . 
  instants and sorceries are way more important in legacy than in modern and people play more spell pierce than flusterstorm in legacy . 
  definitely . 
  foils and expeditions and original printings being expensive ? 
  that 's fine . 
  every copy ? 
  just no, 
  you literally do n't understand a thing about game design . 
  there have never been any duplicate masterpieces , so i do n't think that is what he 's saying . 
  you are missing the point . 
  he 's talking about players , not collectors . 
  yeah it 's stupid . 
  they seem to think this despite the obvious fact that the alpha/beta printings are worth more than the unlimited printings ... 
  it 's not a financial hit . 
  the cost is a sunk cost . 
  you should n't spend money on bits of cardboard if you ca n't afford to lose that money .
