   how is cockatrice any different than proxying up cards to playtest with ? 
  i 'm not really here to debate that though , so you do you if that 's what you think . 
  it 's not really , but wotc only barely tolerates people doing that . 
   you ca n't resell the large majority of video games you buy today . 
  ca n't resell anything you buy on psn , steam , or xbox marketplace and i 'm not sure what you think your used video game is worth a year after release cause my modern deck i bought last year has n't really changed . 
  stop buying malware . 
  you can absolutely resell video games . 
  and they do n't cost much in the first place !, 
   hobbies are expensive . 
  but it 's the only hobby/game i 've enjoyed ( or really even known ) where you can sell out and get most of your money back . 
  so if it 's between having a high upfront cost that i can get back or spending less but literally setting it on fire , it 's an easy choice . 
  magic is not a hobby . 
  it 's a consumer product . 
  not making a game because you ca n't fit the concept into existing lore is so stupid . 
   it is called quality, 
  no it is n't . 
  it 's called being beholden to lack of creativity . 
  it 's inertia . 
   mmos are different from mmo rpgs, 
  well no , they are n't . 
  mmorpgs are 99.9 % of all mmos . 
  you could just load yourself up on surgicals and expirates in normal pox . 
  survival games are n't even close to being mmos . 
  i 'm just using the standard established definition of mmo mate . 
  100 players ? 
  there are fpses with nearly that many players online at once . 
  i think that the less mtgo data for legacy , the worse , up to a point . 
  but i think that having shit data that is clearly shit is better than having better but still bad data that people treat as sacred . 
  i also think that saffronolive thinks that he knows more about mtg than he does . 
  no offence intended towards him , but his words are treated as absolute gospel by a lot of people on reddit and he 's just often . . wrong . 
  the ` reprint equity ' for example . 
  it 's just not based in any real evidence , and is n't supported by their subsequent actions in reprinting cards . 
  and yet people cling to it , because seth . 
  you know what is n't ` fun to have around for limited play ' ? 
  virtually every bomb mythic or rare they print that warps the shit out of limited . 
  and yet they keep printing them . 
  the deck is still tier 1 . 
  using coloured dice is certainly not cheating . 
  you should do this at all levels of play . 
  no , it is n't . 
  that 's what aggro players think control decks do , because they only know how to play the aggressive role in every matchup . 
  some people seem to think that ` meme ' and ` jokes ' are interchangeable . 
  that 's exactly like tarmogoyf . 
  you `` have '' to put exactly the good cards in your deck for it to be good . 
  well no shit . 
  bug is just so bad in modern . 
  you mean the genres that only exist in peoples ' imaginations but have never been done successfully ... ever ? 
  the difference is that statistics suggest that michael phelps is almost definitely drugged up , while bradman certainly was n't . 
  federer is objectively the greatest of all time , that 's agreed upon even by the players that do best against him . 
  everyone recognises him as the greatest of all time . 
  but it is n't off-topic . 
  i do n't think that game is a successful game . 
  it 's pay to win . 
  it 's essentially malware . 
  you can spend money on things that are n't 100 % cosmetic . 
  that makes it pay to win . 
  end . 
  story . 
  but the question is n't who is the best player right this very second . 
  the question is who is the greatest of all time . 
  at his peak , federer was * way * better than djokovic was at * his * peak . 
  that federer is still winning grand slams so long after peaking just goes to show how great he was , that he can be so much worse than that now and still one of the best players to play right now . 
  this is one of the first times i 've seen that site genuinely critique wotc 's decisions . 
  generally it seems to defend them . 
  every time i read the words ` metalworker ' and ` kuldotha forgemaster ' i want to play that deck . 
  they just sound like so much fun . 
  i mean . . 
  i think they were right to ban something from miracles . 
  i just think they banned the wrong thing . 
  that the meta is better than it was does n't mean at all that they made the right decision on what to ban . 
  the meta would be even better with drs gone as well , for example . 
  counter/top was a package that went into way more decks than this predict rubbish does . 
  predict/portent feels so . . 2006 . 
  it feels like we 've just regressed to before the printing of ponder . 
  if you look at the ponder spoiler discussion threads on the source , people were comparing it to playing predict/portent and mental note/serum visions . 
  i 'm not saying predict/portent/ponder is a bad thing to have . 
  it 's wonderful to have a proper control deck in legacy for the first time in what , a decade ? 
  counter/top did n't really feel like control . 
  it was n't a card advantage engine except in the loosest sense . 
  what i mean is that counter/top was something that should have been preserved * for other decks * . 
  top was great fun in midrange decks , in landstill , in non-blue decks , etc. 
  sideboard counterbalance , or even mainboard , was fun in midrange decks . 
  i do n't think sdt should have been banned . 
  the miracle mechanic is basically the worst designed mechanic they 've ever created . 
  do n't eat the delicious cards, 
  i mean personally i 'd prefer they did something to allow proper draw-go control to exist while stopping counter/top from being the premier control strategy . 
  i think the way to do that seems fairly simple , no ? 
  and of course , the classic addendum : everything i say comes with the implicit ` and on top of that drs is cancer and should have been banned ' . 
   and can lead to an inaccurate meta view, 
  only if you pretend that it represents the meta . 
  nobody should pretend it represents the meta . 
  that 's not how the fucking law works . 
  the reserved list has never been about the law . 
  they would lose . 
  reverberate does not violate the reserved list , nor the spirit of the reserved list . 
  yes they can . 
  your company lawyer is an idiot . 
  mark rosewater is wrong . 
  yet again . 
  what a surprise .
