  if she were a man and said `` i am a man and i have got more privilege than you '' i doubt you 'd response `` lol . 
  okay then . '', 
  to filter out the heavily downvoted comments that ca n't handle someone talking about something other than women 's issues ? 
   it is logical to draw one of 2 conclusions :, 
  men are truly disadvantaged in almost every way possible . 
  you have cherry picked your facts to make a point . 
  okay , so given that a cornerstone of good debate is to assume good faith on the part of someone else , the only logical conclusion to draw is the first . 
   i certainly know what seems more likely to me ... 
  the latter , because it reaffirms a viewpoint you already hold and you ca n't handle your views being challenged ? 
   so i pose you the question : how do you feel when you read feminist articles that cherry pick , but in reverse ? 
  absolutely nothing whatsoever . 
  it does n't affect me . 
   because that annoys me as the approach is anti-intellectual , and counterproductive to actually enacting meaningful change . 
  there 's nothing anti-intellectual about listing some issues that people face . 
   so despite only being 11 % of apprentices , females have 29 % of work related injury claims . 
  being an apprentice and having a work-related injury claim have basically nothing to do with each other , so i do n't see how that has anything to do with anything . 
  that 's about as stupid a nonsequitur as ` gays therefore earthquakes ' . 
  so you 're cherry-picking stats to make your point that the op should n't cherry-pick stats , which he did n't do in the first place ? 
   i 'm a super angry liberal at the best of times . 
  are you using the term ` liberal ' as it actually means , or as idiotic americans think it means ? 
  because it does n't * actually * mean left-wing at all , despite what americans seem to think . 
  as a result , it 's unfortunately hard to tell sometimes what people mean by it . 
   i recognise that men have issues that are different from women , and that these are often no less serious . 
  i do n't think you do . 
   what they also have though , is a lot of representation . 
  a lot . 
  i ca n't think of any important government agencies , health boards , think tanks , commissions that have an underrepresentation of men, 
  does n't seem to be doing us much good . 
   what is mens day trying to achieve ? 
  equality in things that matter , like health and education outcomes , instead of things that you might think affect outcomes but clearly do n't , like all the irrelevant things you just mentioned . 
   if it was about men trying to not live up to bullshit masculine stereotypes that are a fucking plague on modern society and the root of so many issues in men and women , sure, 
  stop trying to deny biology . 
  there 's nothing ` bullshit ' about masculinity . 
   but this just seems to be like `` hey , despite having more resources and voices than women , we want the attention too '', 
  if men were actually better off than women in any meaningful way , having ` more resources and voices ' might actually matter . 
  if women were doing worse than men in prison statistics , education statistics , workplace safety and health statistics , it would be an entirely valid suggestion to make : to resolve these inequalities , we should have more women in parliament and on dhbs in order to make sure that women 's issues are being taken into account in planning sentencing , education , health and safety and medical laws and funding . 
  but the fact of the matter is that the opposite is true . 
  men are the ones lacking in all these areas . 
  men are the ones with serious deficiencies in their access to their own children , while being forced to pay child support , essentially paying not to have access to their own children . 
  men are the ones that are incarcerated at a much higher rate . 
  men are the ones that have much worse outcomes in primary , secondary and tertiary education . 
  men are the ones that have * significantly * lower life expectancy . 
  men are the ones that are much more likely to be hurt in the workplace . 
  those are the * actual issues * . 
  what you mention ( mp representation , government agency representation , commissions , etc. ), 
  are n't even slightly important issues . 
  they 're potential causes of issues and potential places to improve things if women are lacking in an area - well maybe that 's because men are running things and are n't considering women 's needs . 
  they would be relevant if the statistics were reversed , ** but the statistics are n't reversed . 
  ** if anything , you could argue ( although i would n't ) that we need * more * men in places of power and need to give men * more * resources . 
  it 's not about disincentive . 
  it 's about punishment . 
  murdering innocent children should be * extremely * heavily punished . 
  the reality is that if a father murders his newborn baby there 's a national outrage lasting for ** years ** , especially if that father is maori . 
  if a woman murders her newborn baby then it 's just post-natal depression , nothing to worry about . 
  i agree . 
  i think that it 's actually rather worrying how low our childbirth rates have got , especially when you consider that they 're being propped up by some minority groups having very high childbirth rates . 
  you do n't get to redefine words like that , sorry . 
  oh come on , let 's be honest here . 
  your implication is that men do n't have anything to worry about and that all or most mras are just whining about nothing . 
  the way you are phrasing this sounds a lot like the sorts of backwards justifications people make when they 're caught out making a racist generalisation . 
  bear with me for a second , hear me out . 
  that 's what really shits me about so many iwi is they 're just greedy people using it as an agenda to justify their greed . 
  there 's plenty of valid points about the treaty like op shows but people like that just poison the well on the issue . 
  so many iwi does n't necessarily mean the vast majority it 's just a significant number and if you visit marae often many of them are like that . 
  i do n't mean that anyone that believes in the treaty principles is greedy but there sure are a lot of maori who are in iwi just because they 're greedy . 
  just look at the difference between ngai tahu and ngati toa and tell me the former does n't contain a significant number of greedy people while there 's plenty of reasonable people in the latter at a glance . 
  this is all coming from someone who believes strongly in the treaty too . 
  can you see how someone saying those things - and do n't think for a minute i 'm claiming that you did say those things , it 's just an analogy - might not be instantly believed when they say that they really do believe in the treaty and there totally are valid claims , but they 're just `` concerned '' that it might be going a little too far and that there 's some greedyness , etc. ? 
  can you see how it 's easy to read your posts in that way ? 
  i 'm not saying you * are * disingenuous , i 'm saying that it 's quite easy to read your posts in that way , because they really do come off as someone basically dismissing a whole group of people based on a pretty flimsy justification . 
  ~ ~ like , so what if some maori are in it because they 're greedy ? 
  does that make their treaty claims any less valid ? ~ ~, 
  like , so what if some mras are a bit bitter ? 
  does it make their issues any less valid ? 
  there are basically four reasons to imprison someone : retribution , rehabilitation , incapacitation and deterrence . 
  all are totally valid reasons . 
  there 's nothing irrational about retribution . 
  and frankly , i do n't see any reason why being depressed should reduce your culpability . 
  plenty of people go through post-natal depression without murdering innocent children . 
  none of them are fabricated issues . 
  i dunno man , i feel like these issues are so widely ignored and minimised that a bit of seething anti-feminist anger is sometimes justified . 
  it might not be very productive , but it probably feels cathartic . 
  some of the feminist comments in this thread - particularly the patronising subthread where that silly guy tries to claim that all problems in society are actually fixed by feminism , which seems like something brian tamaki or some other cult leader might say - are pretty aggravating but it 's probably not worth getting too worked up about them . 
  wow , talk about the pot calling the kettle black . 
  who 's bitter now ? 
  i was trying to be nice and assume the best in you , but it looks like i assumed wrong . 
  pity , really , you were quite positive on the old res karma meter from me before now , [ +12 ] ai n't bad . 
  `` contemporary r&b '' is definitely urban . 
  so-called ` contemporary r&b ' * is * part of the urban category . 
  they 're broad categories . 
   and the other finalists in the category were hip hop, 
  so one urban act and two hip-hop acts ? 
  wow , it 's almost like it 's the urban/hip-hop category or something . 
   aaradhna refused to accept her tui award at tonight 's star-studded ceremony after being placed in what she called a category for `` brown '' artists . 
  she literally called it a category for brown people . 
  i dunno that i 'd really call this ` humble ' . 
  it 's pretty much just throwing the award back in people 's faces for no real reason . 
  obvious publicity stunt is obvious . 
   the men bitching about losing day-to-day care if their children in the family court are usually , on a sober and objective assessment , bad parents and bitter losers . 
  are the maori ` bitching ' about being given longer prison sentences usually , `` on a sober and objective assessment '' , just worse people than white people ?
