  i 've pulled bomb rares only to never draft them in my 6 matches and still win . 
  i 've won drafts through my opponents just getting mana screwed or flooded 6 times . 
  not only that , but the mere existence of the format forces wotc to make 85 % of the cards they print worthless outside of limited . 
   sealed is dependent on your pool , constructed is dependent on your deck . 
  draft is the gold standard of skill in magic . 
  walk in , sit down and all that matters is how good you are , nothing else , no bs . 
  and all that matters is luck , you mean . 
   look at your mountain of random commons , that 's 99 % of what all drafts are made up of . 
  you still get the exact same number of cards , but they 're all a deck you made instead of a random pile . 
  how many times are you going to open an aether revolt pack and think ` damn , there 's so much value spread around this pack , i wish i could keep it all ' ( hint , probably virtually never in your life ), 
  yes , that is indeed another negative effect that draft has on the game as a whole : making packs 90 % garbage . 
   actual gameplay, 
  you mean the gameplay of hoping to open bombs in your first pack , hoping to open bombs in your colours in the second pack , hoping to open a bomb in your colours in the third pack , hoping not to get mana screwed , hoping not to get mana flooded , hoping your opponent gets mana screwed , hoping your opponent gets mana flooded , hoping to draw your bomb , hoping to draw your removal and hoping your opponent does n't draw their bomb or their removal ? 
  yeah sounds super fun, 
   * winning and losing to rng is fun *, 
  yeah sure mate, 
  the people that hated pvp were fucking retards that joined a pvp server then whined about pvp . 
  genuinely stupid , stupid people . 
   i bet you all my lunch monies there is less variance in who wins a draft pro tour than a constructed pro tour . 
  i do n't at all agree . 
  constructed formats are much more skill-intensive ( i.e. 
  less random ) than draft . 
   draft is a extremely deep skillset to master for each format . 
  it 's basically rng . 
   you can win a constructed pro tour off a deck someone else designed . 
  what does that have to do with anything ? 
   when you go to a constructed tournament , largely , what decides how hard your road to the finals is is what decks you randomly get matched up against . 
  do you face your decks foil 5x ina row ? 
  do you face your best match up in the round before the top 8 ? 
  these are called rng . 
  lol as if draft decks do n't have good and bad matchups !, 
   it 's far more under the control of the drafter . 
  no , it is n't . 
  you can not control the matchups you get in draft . 
  you can be pared against decks that are good against you or against decks that are bad against you . 
  you have no control over this . 
  the closest you could get to ` control ' over this is hate-drafting , which is nearly universally considered a bad idea . 
   ever hear of rochester draft ? 
  ` draft ' means standard 8-man pod drafting unless otherwise specified . 
  that 's what 99 % of drafts involve . 
   your comments make it clear you do n't understand draft . 
  you said draft is `` basically rng '' . 
  that 's just incorrect . 
  it 's entirely correct for all the reasons i 've given . 
  actually respond to those reasons or accept that i 'm right . 
   have you been doing a lot of league drafts on magic online ? 
  those are basically rng . 
  you need an 8 man pod for draft to be skill based . 
  they make it even more rng , yes . 
   for example - when i come up against my `` bad match up '' i can remember what instants this person may have in their deck based on what you saw in the draft and what your previous opponents had in their deck . 
  which does n't make it any more skill testing or any less rng . 
  nope , i 'm reasonably good at it . 
  it just does n't have a large component of skill . 
  those games do n't make cards bad on purpose . 
  there 's a huge difference between trying to make a game balanced and not quite getting it right , and trying to make a game imbalanced . 
   i generally disagree . 
  that 's not uncommon . 
  lots of people here seem super defensive about draft being a bad format . 
  what a surprise , magic players getting defensive ? 
   sure flood and screw happens , but honestly it happens plenty in constructed . 
  definitely less so in modern and older formats , but certainly happens in standard . 
  in fact , 3 of my 6 rounds at my rptq today are decided because of screw or flood . 
  standard is also a poor format , but still decks are more consistent than they are in draft so it 's less of an issue . 
   part of the challenge of drafting is mitigating that risk though . 
  it 's not possible to do so in any reasonable way . 
   they are inconsistent sure , and certain bombs can be extremely back breaking . 
  but building a good deck that works even when you do n't draw , or even have , a bomb , is part of the challenge and learning experience that is drafting . 
  not really . 
  it 's just not physically possible to do so reliably . 
   sounds like if that 's happening that consistently , the people you drafted with just might not be good at drafting honestly . 
  `` you 're just bad '' is not a reasonable response . 
  the format simply is n't very skill-testing . 
  yeah if everyone dodges bad rng it is , but that 's true of every game . 
   i do , however , agree with your last paragraph . 
  it would be cool if every card in a pack was constructed playable , but the existence of limited is certainly a barrier that . 
  but not the only one . 
  they often print cards that are designed for commander to . 
  nobody is saying they should n't print the odd card for commander or even several of them . 
  printing cards that are useful forever in commander is fine . 
  the issue is the power disparity between rarity levels and the amount of worthless junk cards that will never see play in any format . 
   plus , imagine trying to come up with a set of equally balanced only payable cards . 
  nightmarish . 
  haha . 
  so oh well , one of the things i love about magic is the variety of ways to enjoy it , if that means not every card is worth playing in every way to play so be it . 
  other games manage to be balanced . 
  there 's no reason wotc ca n't make magic balanced . 
  nobody is saying it should be perfect , it obviously ca n't be . 
  but they could at least * try * to balance it . 
  you got them ? 
  when did you get them ? 
   yes , you can . 
  counter drafting cards you do n't want to be matched up against is a critical part of 8 man pod drafting . 
  `` hate-drafting , which is nearly universally considered a bad idea . '', 
  no , it is n't . 
  lol so you 're just bad at draft . 
  here 's a tip : making your own deck worse on the offchance you 'll play against someone that will both play and draw a particular card and have it be good against you is a terrible idea . 
   i 'll totally admit the reasons you have given are demerits against draft . 
  thank god someone will at least admit that much . 
   they do n't overwhelm the positives of draft axiomatically . 
  draft is just different from constructed .
