  what is the easiest thing to avoid spending money on when money gets tight ? 
  most tourism jobs are shit . 
  hospitality industry wages are bad , the hours are long , and dealing with tourists sucks . 
  tourism is bad for the environment . 
  aeroplanes use a huge amount of fuel , and produce a lot of greenhouse gases . 
  we 'd be a very , very green nation if we did n't rely so much on tourism and dairy farming . 
  our power is hugely green already ( thanks rivers ! ) . 
  tourism is fundamentally unproductive . 
  tourism does n't actually * make * anything . 
  this can be a good thing ( people bring dollars here , and do n't take anything away when they leave except experiences ) . 
  but it 's also a bad thing , because it 's not actually very useful . 
   i also read those independent economist and commentator 's views about `` no hole '' before she said `` no new tax '' , what they also addressed the more pressure on operating allowance , which is also need to be considered . 
  stretch a paper to its most , without thinking of contingency or inflation , there will be a hole sooner or later . 
  labour have been clear from day 1 that any additional taxes ( which they 've now said they wo n't be doing ) would n't be required to fund their budget . 
   true , it is a thing , but not a thing to change my political opinion . 
  so corruption does n't matter , because you get a tax cut ? 
   if everything is true , i guess sis is still investigating with no conclusion yet . 
  the sis investigation is irrelevant . 
  he 's already admitted to being guilty . 
  he 's literally admitted to lying on his citizenship application . 
  that 's it . 
  guilty . 
  he 's guilty . 
  no investigation is required . 
   he is upfront to the guys he talked to , if you every talked to him , he does n't care sharing with that bit . 
  as an individual i am not saying he is innocent , but no one proved he is guilty at the moment , right ? 
  being upfront does n't change that he broke the law . 
  admitting you did something illegal does n't make it legal . 
  should be 24/7/365 / 2017 . 
   i also really wish labour had a first home owners initiative like national because owning a home seems impossible right now . 
  that just inflates prices . 
  ` we do n't mind immigration ' is disingenuous . 
  i do n't care if we get 1000 low skilled people every year . 
  i would be opposed to the 100000 net immigrants we 'll end up getting this year if they were all fucking brilliant highly skilled immigrants . 
  it 's not just about quality , it 's not just about quantity . 
  well they 're treaties . . they 're optional . 
  it 's like agreeing to live with someone . 
  if everything is fine and you both follow the rules , you 're both happy . 
  if someone stops following the agreement , you might put up with it a bit , but eventually you 're going to get sick of it and stop following the rules yourself or just kill the whole arrangement . 
  australia 's perspective is that fairness is n't fair because we 're making all the mess but we 're still expecting them to do half the cleaning . 
  new zealand 's perspective is that fairness is fair because we agreed to do half the work , no matter who makes the mess . 
  i think most people would far rather that nz and australia revised the agreement so that both countries are happy , because the alternative is that we retaliate by making australians ' lives harder in nz , to which australia will escalate , and this will just continue until the cer might as well not exist at all . 
  and i do n't think anyone wants that . 
  ( in analogy-land , that 's the ` fuck it , i 'm moving out ' option . 
  i 'd rather the ` hey can we agree that you wo n't make such a mess , then i 'm happy to do half the cleaning ' option . ), 
  hahahaha . 
  spoken like a true stoner . 
  hemp is absolute garbage . 
  nobody uses it industrially because it 's complete shit . 
  okay, 
   the other 99 % is worse at both mechanics and knowledge . 
  and are n't pub ** stars ** ... 
  the solution to that is simple : cut immigration . 
  which reinforces the point that national voters are self-centred cunts , really , does n't it ? 
  what kind of insane logic did you use to come to that conclusion ? 
  no , they would n't . 
  the media publishes polls that directly contradict that . 
  c is n't possible . 
  i know that my analysis is correct . 
  anyone that votes out of self-interest in this election at the expense of our country as a whole is a self-centred cunt . 
  and of the bigger problems in this country , most of them are caused by national . 
  what a load of crap, 
  the company * is * failing to fulfill its legal obligations , which are to provide fuel to auckland . 
  why the fuck there 's any private company involved is beyond me . 
  maori get away with an insane amount of abuse and violence and retain custody , because the government puts an enormous amount of pressure on the department to reduce the numbers of maori children taken away from their parents . 
  there is no such pressure on white men , and the family courts are incredibly biased against men . 
  men are lucky to get every second weekend with their kids , when clearly equal custody is more fair . 
   given how the nats prefer to avoid people using the family court at all , men have recently gained the advantage in such disputes . 
  formerly they just had to financially subjugate their former partners , now often suffering partners must make deals with abusers . 
  men are incredibly disadvantaged in the family court . 
  what 's more , when the mother inevitably gets the vast majority of custody , the father than has to fucking pay child support . 
  because of course it 's fair to pay for the privilege of not seeing your fucking kids . 
   does n't make his cause legitimate, 
  his cause was already legitimate . 
  the media have n't said a word about what he was protesting ? 
  they have mentioned the signs mentioned the family court . 
  it was on rnz this morning . 
  the media is n't mentioning it in detail because the media does n't want to acknowledge that it 's an important issue . 
   all it does in my mind is reinforce that the judge made the right decision to take his kids away . 
  this behaviour is n't indicative of a suitable parent . 
  the behaviour would n't have happened if his kids had n't been taken away , presumably . 
  the system is biased . 
  someone going nuts when the biased system fucks them out of seeing their own kids is n't a sign they should n't see their own kids . 
  it 's a sign the system is broken . 
  stop blaming the fucking victim . 
  except * you have already assumed * . 
   the sole purview of family courts in this case is the welfare of the children . 
  and they 're extremely biased against men when they make these decisions . 
   it 's not the family courts purview , and it certainly should n't be , to determine what 's better for the welfare of the parents, 
  yes it is . 
  it is a factor . 
  it 's always been a factor . 
  it will always be a factor . 
  it 's less important , but it 's clearly still a factor . 
   in what world do you think feminists are n't for father 's rights ? 
  this one, 
  in theory , maybe . 
  in reality , the family court is incredibly biased, 
   nigh property rights over children and spouses in the name of abusive or unstable men ? 
  the family court assumes by default that men are n't suitable for looking after kids and women are .
