  there 's nothing really distinguishing any two players with 99 in every skill . 
   sure you can be all things on one character in ffxiv , but you 're not actively all things at once . 
  you 're still limited in what you do at that time on your character based upon the limitation of your currently equipped class . 
  but the problem is that you 're still choosing a class . 
  it 's not really much different from playing a moba and choosing a character to play for a match . 
  sure , you can have all the heroes unlocked , you can know how to play them all , you can have all their runes or cosmetics or whatever , but you 're still playing an existing character at the end of the day . 
  it 's not * your character * . 
   this is effectively the modern class-based mmo market though . 
  especially the classic themepark with group content end-game gear treadmill style mmorpg . 
  and i do n't like that gameplay , at all . 
  ` mmorpg ' does n't mean ` wow clone ' yet , thank god . 
  people still recognise that non-wow-clone mmorpgs can exist and be called mmorpg , and that mmorpg does n't imply ` wow clone ' . 
   the game still `` punishes '' for unskilled play though . 
  two players of the exact same class/role can have dramatically different outcomes in performance . 
  personal skill and knowledge of the class tends to be the major difference . 
  the punishment does n't stem from choices at the character creation portion of the game . 
  sure , the issue is n't that there 's no skill gap . 
  the issue is that in an rpg , your character building choices should matter . 
  that 's the whole reason you get attached to a character . 
  they 're not the same as every other character . 
  you have to be able to make mechanically meaningful choices . 
  that 's not to say they all have to be permanent !, 
   some of the earlier mmorpgs did effectively punish you for bad choices at the character creation portion of the game . 
  asheron 's call is a good example of this . 
  there were a multitude of skills within the game , but really only a small handful were actually useful , this was especially true at the launch of the game . 
  unfortunately , at that time of the game , the only way to correct mistakes was to reroll . 
  which is a terrible design choice . 
  that 's just bad balancing , though , and bad design . 
  to go back to the card game analogy , your * character * is your * collection * , not your * deck * . 
  you should be able to change your build , i think . 
  you should n't be able to gimp your character . 
  if you invest skill points/experience/whatever into a bad choice , that should n't be like permanently choosing to put a bad card in every deck you ever play with again . 
  it should be like misevaluating a card and wasting money/effort/trades on a bad card . 
  it does n't gimp your collection to have bad cards in it . 
   i do n't disagree with your premise . 
  however , at some point in the development of the mmorpg , any skill , spell , ability that is created needs to have a useful purpose somewhere , otherwise it could be viewed as wasted development time . 
  developing a physical card is no less work than developing an ability in a game . 
  scripting abilities in games is pretty easy , it 's not technically difficult . 
  sure , you have to do the graphical assets , but you have to commission art for physical card games , which is very similar : it 's expensive , you do n't want to waste effort , and you ca n't just click your fingers and have it done . 
  i 'm not saying there should be just objectively terrible abilities that serve zero useful purpose . 
  bad choice does n't mean a bad choice for everyone . 
  mark rosewater , the lead designer of mtg , has several times talked about ` bad cards ' and why they exist . 
  people see a card and say ` this is bad , why does it exist ? ', 
  and sometimes it 's just bad balancing or a trap to help distinguish good and bad players . 
  but almost always it 's just intended for someone else . 
  maybe it 's super flavourful card for more rping type players ( yes these exist in magic ) . 
  maybe it 's a card that has weird combo potential , for the sort of players that like this . 
  maybe it 's intended for a different format , rather than standard/limited . 
  i do n't think any of this is actually particularly card-game-specific . 
  i loved the spells in games that existed just for flavour , or for roleplaying sorts of purposes . 
  pets/familiars/demons / whatever that were n't great in pvp or pve or pvm , but were just really awesome looking . 
   having a ton of `` bad '' skills for people to muddle with becomes taxing on the ui . 
  look at all of the ability pruning that wow has done , or even ffxiv removing cross class skills . 
  having a shit ton of cards in a trading card game is a large portion of the monetization of those games . 
  in the physical game there is n't a ui limitation and in the virtual versions , you 're still only ever dealing with a handful of cards on your screen at once . 
  do n't present them all to the player , then . 
  you learn a spell if you find the spell . 
  you can buy spellbooks from other players . 
  you can copy spellbooks with a scribe skill . 
  you can teach techniques to other players . 
  you ca n't learn every ability or spell from every teacher in the game . 
  make learning abilities actually interesting and fun . 
  do n't just present a list of every possible ability and expect players to choose the right one . 
  the gigantic progression tree in something like poe is bad design , it 's overwhelming to players . 
  and definitely do n't have bad abilities for the sake of having bad abilities . 
  have bad abilities for a reason . 
  maybe a weak fireball spell is something you start off with , and you can replace it with more powerful fireball spells if you buy the right scroll from another player . 
  players could discover spells , or combine spells like in oblivion and morrowind . 
  there are just so many possibilities for abilities and spells and such in games , yet most mmorpgs just have vendors that sell you abilities , or even just give you all the possible abilities as you level up !, 
  no wonder the only game is the endgame when everything else in the game that could be gamified is just given to the player for free . 
   we 've gotten to the point of doing essentially one activity in any game , aka combat , because that 's where the playerbase more or less steered the market . 
  i do n't think this is really true . 
  gamers do n't actually influence the market much if at all . 
  gamers do what publishers , advertisers and developers tell them to do . 
  people play the games that exist . 
   however , in the vast majority of all mmorpgs , combat , is by far the most popular activity and almost every part of the game is centered around it . 
  anything else is a side activity . 
  so diversity is more or less limited to a different way to kill things . 
  so fix it , right ? 
  like , why ca n't gathering resources be interesting ? 
  lots of people refuse to play runescape because the combat is ` just autoattacking ' . 
  but they 'll happily play games where everything except the combat is ` just autoattacking ' and the combat is just button-spamming . 
  crafting things tends to be interesting on a meta-level enough that you do n't have to make the mechanics of it interesting . 
  maybe rather than gathering , you could hire npcs to gather . 
  that makes the world more lively , removes the tedium , and gives true progression . 
  `` gathering x ore with y pickaxe '' to `` gathering y ore with z pickaxe '' is not progression . 
  doing the same thing as before but with bigger numbers is not meaningful progression . 
  `` gathering ore with a pickaxe '' to `` paying npcs to gather ore '' is meaningful progression . 
  when you start , just getting some resources , getting started , etc. 
  is the interesting gameplay . 
  as the actual gameplay of gathering resources starts to become tedious , the game becomes more about working out * what * to mine . 
  as you learn that , the whole metagame of * where * and * what * to mine using * which workers * . 
  and so on . 
  or the actual physical experience of mining could be more interesting . 
  why is gathering just autoattacking a rock ? 
  why ca n't we have mining abilities and woodcutting abilities ? 
  if you want to just afk autoattack the rock , you gather some ore . 
  if you want to play the game ` properly ' , your efficiency is much higher . 
  rewarding , but not mandatory . 
  diablo 's system is still crap .
