  you never are . 
  stop it . 
  all the content in the game should always be relevant . 
  it should n't be ` periodic events ' . 
  that 's pathetic . 
   long skill cooldowns ( once u hit 1 button all the other skills will go on gcd too ) . 
  that 's how * literally * every game with a gcd works . 
  okay i 'm just going to ignore you from now on . 
  two points . 
  firstly , the raids are n't actually difficult . 
  making you jump around a lot like a bullet hell game is n't difficult , at least not meaningfully difficult . 
  it 's something people either are good at or bad at . 
  it 's more about talent than skill . 
  secondly , a small amount of endgame content being in some way difficult does not really have anything to do with the difficulty of the game . 
  the game 's difficult is how hard the vast , vast majority of its content is , and that 's mindnumbingly easy . 
  the osbuddy client * lies * about the current client . 
  there is good reason for them to inflate their numbers : to make people think that everyone uses it , creating a false peer pressure to use it . 
   i guarantee many people would not play the game if the client did n't exist . 
  just like many people would not play the game if they could n't bot or buy gold or interact their accounts with their other accounts or account-share , yes . 
  those people are all still cheaters , and the rules explicitly forbid things like osbuddy . 
  yes , really . 
  disliking a worthless game does n't make me salty , ` barcy ' . 
  wtf are you talking about ? 
  3d graphics do n't make diablo 3 bad , its horrible aesthetics do . 
  are you kidding ? 
  i hope you 're kidding . 
  there 's 40 % more people * to produce things * as well . 
  the retro graphics and controls are n't a bad idea . 
  it only being available for one month , and having bad and boring content with bad rewards , is what is bad . 
  well that also does n't sell me on cosmetics . 
  it makes the game unplayable . 
  it 's childish and stupid . 
  the problem is that wildstar tries to present itself as a game that 's super serious and hardcore . 
  it 's grindy , it has attunements , it 's got bullet hell raids , etc. 
  and then it 's got that stupid childish art style . 
  not just cartoony like wow , but like something out of a saturday morning kids cartoon . 
  the asian mmos go in a rather worse direction . 
  they are actively creepy . 
  you 're wrong . 
  landowners should not get payouts . 
  old school runescape has * much * better combat than tsw . 
  you 're ignorant . 
  we did n't have colour-coded items before wow , because we were n't little girls . 
  you missed the point . 
  the point is n't that it makes sense that you 're a noob at archery . 
  the point is that ` class switching ' implies that while you have one class activated , you are just that class until you switch again . 
  well firstly , an experienced warrior will learn how to use a bow effectively much faster than a novice . 
  secondly , it does n't make sense that you have to ` switch back to warrior ' to use a ` warrior shout ' or something while using a bow . 
  i do n't want to be either an archer or a warrior . 
  i want to be my character . 
  yes, 
  are you saying he has n't made absurdly terrible appointments ? 
  he objectively has . 
  are you saying he has n't arbitrarily banned many permanent residents from re-entering the country that is their home , based entirely on their country of origin , many of whom have n't been there in decades ? 
  are you saying he has n't made an executive order regarding his stupid wall ? 
  are you saying he has n't fucked up regarding mexico ? 
  are you saying he has n't required political review of epa and federal science research ? 
  are you saying he has n't taken down all mention of climate change on the epa website ? 
  are you saying he is n't a lunatic climate change denier ? 
  are you saying he is n't constantly lying and trying to make up reality with ` alternate facts ' ? 
  are you saying he is n't belligerent towards the media purely because it 's trying to hold him accountable ? 
   even tho every standard convention would state otherwise . 
  even though it 's * wrong * . 
  it 's not ` convention ' that it 's wrong . 
  it 's * fact * that it 's wrong . 
  it 's objectively , entirely , completely and utterly wrong . 
  i know you know this , but you ca n't word this too strongly . 
  none of what is being shown off here is new or interesting in any way . 
  for a start , it 's not monospaced , and that 's bad . 
  monospace fonts are clearly better for programming . 
  spacing like that to indicate precedence is clearly terrible , as it relies on non-monospace fonts and it 's hard to read . 
  what would be * actually * useful is inserting all the elided parentheses . 
  so if i write this :, 
  then i can hit a key combination to show ` x : = ( 1 + 2 + ( 3 * 5 ) + 7 ) ` if i want to see precedence , and another key combination to show ` x : = ( ( ( 1 + 2 ) + ( 3 * 5 ) ) + 7 ) ` if i want to see associativity as well . 
  this would be much like vim conceal : it would not be a change to the source text , it would only affect my view of the code . 
  it 's a bad example anyway , anyone with even a * modicum * of experience in a language knows the precedence rules unless they 're using c++ or something . 
  i do n't like not having control over indentation , but what he 's showing is n't * new * . 
  automatically indenting code is n't new . 
  it 's ancient . 
  it 's been around for * decades * . 
  blurring code to show it 's disabled is not good . 
  i know it 's probably customisable , but * jesus * man , clearly just grey it out . 
  anyway , the point i wanted to make is that showing these annotations , styling code automatically , etc. 
  is not new and does n't require clunky ast editing . 
  also you get so little on the screen with this system . 
  i do n't see how this is any different from what is already present in most ides already . 
  they insert so much stuff automatically as you type that you 're basically editing an ast . 
  also why are * any * basic programming tutorials being posted here ? 
  i do n't care if it 's literally the best tutorial for programming in the history of programming tutorials . 
  it does n't belong on this subreddit . 
  ah , you 're in denial , i see . 
  understanding why something is true is important , of course . 
  i think it 's easy to lose sight of that . 
  the answer does n't have a level of importance , it just * is * . 
  firstly , interpreting peoples ' reddit comments that literally is something you do only if you are either autistic or intentionally trying to misinterpret someone . 
  secondly , what is going on here is essentially no different from what is going on in most editing in ides today , it 's just presented through a very clumsy interface instead of text . 
   drunk men in the dark dressed as bananas or cowboys, 
  is this a joke ? 
   everytime there are arrests at a event , usually sporting , the vast majority are men, 
  because of police bias .
