   huffpo is n't exactly known for quality journalism, 
  yes it is ... 
  but it literally is one , though . 
  it 's classic multi-level marketing . 
  there 's no such thing as a good cash shop . 
  overwatch is a crap game with a crap cash shop . 
   yes , that 's what i do n't think most people realize . 
  mmorpgs got insane maintenance costs and still , to the audience , it seems that if the developers are earning money from it , they 're greedy assholes . 
  mmorpg maintenance costs are lower than they 've ever been . 
   subscription = greedy ( except blizzard , they 're good folks ) . 
  nobody says this . 
  straw man . 
   b2p = they just want to steal your money before you see how shitty the game is . 
  nobody says this . 
  straw man . 
   cash shop = p2w !!!!!!, 
  because they are pay to win . 
   cosmetic cash shop = soon-to-be p2w !!!!!, 
  because they almost always are soon to be p2w . 
   crowdfunded = they just want to steal your money before you see how shitty the game is . 
  this is actually true though . 
   by extension , you should n't even play a game with a cash shop even if you do n't spend a dime . 
  correct . 
  you are n't clever enough to be trite . 
  people play mmos differently because the games they 're playing are terrible imitations of mmorpgs and not really true mmorpgs . 
  they 're not living worlds . 
  black lotus is banned in every format that anyone actually plays . 
  not remotely pay to win . 
  yeah there 's a price floor to complete , but there 's also a price ceiling . 
  you ca n't just spend and spend and spend . 
  so it 's not really pay to win . 
   if you 've played hearthstone you 've already learned the rules of magic . 
  hearthstone is incredibly simplistic compared to mtg . 
  it is pay to win though . 
  i enjoy grinding . 
  i do n't like bdo grinding because it 's boring and not challenging . 
  but it 's also p2w . 
  yes , those games * are * wow clones . 
  their combat systems are all very similar to wow . 
  wow is an eq clone , but if you claim that those games were n't all heavily influenced by wow then you 're being silly . 
  a subscription fee , obviously . 
  ( although runescape was funded via ads for a long time successfully , ads make much less now than they did then ) . 
   those games existed and they went away and no matter how hard you try games like that are not going to come back in a big way . 
  they have * never * existed in a ` big way ' except for wow . 
  wow is an outlier . 
  nobody should ever expect any mmorpg to be as big as wow again . 
  that 's not a bad thing !, 
  niche is ** good ** . 
  it 's much better than trying to appeal to everyone and making the game a watered down crappy game like wow . 
  have you considered something like gb depths ? 
  i think some of the cards in 12-post transfer , do n't know if it 's the ones that are worth anything though . 
  if you like pox but also like green , you could try gb loam pox ? 
  be warned , it 's pretty bad . 
  but it 's a lot of fun . 
  you have to buy tabernacle though . 
  i highly recommend ( and i think i speak for everyone here when i say this ) that you proxy up decks and playtest them a bunch before buying the cards . 
  it really sucks to spend a whole lot of money on something and discover you do n't really enjoy it . 
  i find http://metadeck.me a really useful way to proxy a lot of decks at once . 
  before m10 , when they reprinted bolt , every time someone suggested bringing back bolt they were met with ` incinerate is already great , bolt would be op ' . 
   making the pro tour is what a lot of mtg players aim for, 
  not really . 
   lol , what ? 
  magic would be dead before it became an lcg . 
  what possible problem would such a change be addressing , in the first place ? 
  it being incredibly expensive to build a deck . 
  hundreds of dollars to play a game every couple of months is insane compared to buying a video game and paying $ 30 for hundreds of hours of fun . 
  magic would be a hundred times as popular if you could build a good deck in any format for $ 20 . 
   i think what every one was clamoring for , as usual , was to hear that they were going to announce the end , or changes , to the reserved list . 
  and , as usual , it 's just a bunch of wishful thinking . 
  of course it 's wishful thinking . 
  it 's also something that has no reason not to happen . 
   why people think wotc would harm their own game 's profitability just because some people on the internet wants them to is beyond me . 
  to attract way more players . 
  if magic were cheaper more people would play it and it would make more money . 
  mono-red sneak is t1 .5 legacy . 
  storm is $ 1600 as well , and that 's t1 . 
  imagine how good rootwater shaman would be if it did what it said on the tin and gave all enchantment creatures flash . . 
  you must be buying some pretty shit games . 
  most games i play i have at least 300 hours playtime . 
  some in the thousands range . 
  csgo , dota 2 , any grand strategy game , etc. . 
  the difference is that in one there are massively many people , and in the other there is more than one person , but not necessarily massively many . 
  if you do n't distinguish between any unlimited number of people playing together and six people playing together then you just do n't get mmorpgs . 
  why do so many people in this subreddit care about these old korean mmorpgs ? 
   that 's not really a difference and changes none of the gameplay aspects . . 
  what the fuck ? 
  of course it changes gameplay . 
  how does it not change gameplay ? 
  playing in a persistent open world with massively many people is completely different gameplay . 
   claiming there is a difference between fps games because one uses projectiles and the other uses hitscan . 
  well of course there is . 
  projectiles vs. hitscan is a completely different experience . 
   but punching snails and snakes, 
  are the combat mechanics fun ? 
  because that 's what actually matters here . 
  you clearly have n't ever played any mmorpgs if you think any of what you just said makes any sense . 
  5 player matches vs. 4000 players in a living breathing world ? 
  totally different . 
  it 's not all about combat combat combat . 
  yet again i find myself saying ' i think runescape did this best ' .
