  * where there 's a will , there 's a way *, 
   budget, 
  just a question : given how much gwb maverick struggles against elves ! , surely punishing fire should be an obvious addition ? 
   since national removed depreciation on buildings in 2010, 
  what the fuck . 
  why would they do that ? 
  buildings do depreciate . 
  it 's land that appreciates . 
  wait you 're turn1lackey ? 
  but is n't there someone here called 1turnlackey ? 
  is he different ? 
  stoneblade ( excluding maybe the pure uw stoneblade ) is midrange . 
  that 's because scg announcers are retarded . 
  lvr is n't about promoting ` first home buyers ' at all . 
  it 's about knowing that the market will eventually correct and trying to ensure that the vast majority of people with mortgages have enough equity that they are n't in the red come a correction . 
  as if they were n't in the past ? 
  come on dude , what do you expect the government to do ? 
  i 'm as left as they come , but if you expect the government to be providing housing for students you 're mad . 
  the student allowance is an absolute pittance , it 's nowhere close to the cost of fees . 
  the reality is that the government already covers 3/4 of university fees and covering the last quarter would not be a huge additional cost but would be good for new zealanders . 
  does n't cost thousands of dollars to play though . 
  no , it 's about protecting the economy as a whole . 
  yes part of that is protecting banks ( which is n't a bad thing , i 'm sure you will agree ) and part of that is protecting the taxpayer ( we 'd end up having to bail them out , if we did n't protect them in the first place ) and part of it is protecting homeowners . 
  policies tend to be about more than one thing at once , in fact . 
  it 's not a ` silly injoke ' to misrepresent the truth and publish it widely . 
  yeah but drs should have been banned the moment it was printed . 
  drs is like treasure cruise , or perhaps more like dig : cancer , but it 's taken a while to really see it . 
  but it is , absolutely , cancer . 
  well they 'd be wrong , given that stoneblade is extremely good at the moment . 
  ubrg gets hosed by blood moon more than ubg does ... 
  delver is n't aggro . 
   if you thought playing against miracles was slow and frustrating , this deck feels like it 'd make me even more mad . 
  people got upset at miracles because their opponents took up the lion 's share of the round 's time with top and because countertop countered all their spells and then they got board wiped for free . 
  given that no other deck can do anything remotely as unfair as that outside of combo decks ( which have their own problems ) , i do n't know why people would be ` upset ' playing against control . 
  unless you think that just everyone hates playing against control decks ? 
  honestly i 've had more salt playing an absolutely terrible wildfire deck in modern on mtgo than i 've ever had playing legacy either online or in paper . 
   i know these are all very preliminary numbers . 
  they could even out during the next few weeks or months , but i ca n't pretend that it does n't leave me sitting at home brewing prison decks . 
  maindeck chalice of the void and back to basics seem pretty good right now . 
  i 've been convinced for a while that merfolk is absolutely ready for a comeback . 
  proper chalice/back to basics merfolk at that . 
  chalice/back to basics/force of will just beats everything . 
   i know these are all very preliminary numbers . 
  they could even out during the next few weeks or months , but i ca n't pretend that it does n't leave me sitting at home brewing prison decks . 
  maindeck chalice of the void and back to basics seem pretty good right now . 
  flusterstorm would still be excellent even if tendrils of agony had never been printed . 
  it 's a great counterspell in counterspell-heavy matchups like blue non-combo mirrors in legacy . 
  delver vs. delver , it 's fantastic . 
  it 's basically more spell pierce . 
  i would n't play it unless i already had 4x spell pierce in my deck though . 
  magus of the moon is n't blood moon . 
   i think they 're usually really good . 
  i think it was probably cedric and patrick sullivan, 
  i assume this is a joke , right ? 
  they 're awful . 
  i know they seem good when you compare them to the lunatics that wotc hires to do commentary for gps , but the scg commentators are still bad . 
   they usually know a lot about the decks on camera to the point where they can make comments on the strategies and possible situations/interactions in the matchup . 
  that 's very much bare minimum to be a commentator . 
  have they added chat ? 
  which leaves you at 4k/yr to live on . 
  come on , you know that 's unreasonable . 
  nobody can live on $ 80/wk including rent , food , power , etc. 
  not saying things like ` dredge is n't really magic ' would be a good start ... 
  i assume the thought process was something along the lines of ` fuck elves fuck elves fuck elves fuck elves fuck elves ', 
  i do n't really like that they have that sort of matey , injokey attitude , or they way they frequently get distracted from the games and miss things . 
  i do n't think any of their ` jokes ' are funny . 
  i do n't think they comment on the games particularly well . 
  when they do make comments on anything about the actual play of the game itself - rather than just saying what we can already see is happening - it 's usually pretty shallow . 
  they seem okay at first , but when they have a guest professional player commentator it 's immediately obvious how much better those players are at commentary . 
  they might not be as great in terms of the talking and being clear and all that jazz ( which is mostly practice ) but they 're capable of much more insightful analysis . 
  it 's like watching top gear and having the f1 drivers as the ` star in a reasonably priced car ' . 
  they 're just on a totally , completely different level . 
  they 're qualitatively better , they 're not just a bit better in every respect but they 're like a totally different , unrelated species . 
  magic has had no problem growing at any point in its history due to story . 
  the problems it has had are * purely * about :, 
  entry cost ( if they made the game much cheaper to play , they 'd double their playerbase every year for a few years , guaranteed , the game is super expensive to play ), 
  bad design ( there have been many periods in mtg that have threatened the game 's growth . 
  the current period of very uninteractive magic with bad answers and overpowered threats and standard bans because of it , for example ) . 
  why ? 
  why do this ? 
  going to dominaria does n't mean that the story has to be about the entire plane . 
  go to one part of dominaria . 
   now : `` last good standard was theros . '', 
  i 've never heard anyone say this . 
  2 loyalty counters, 
  kind of a nit-picky point , but i think that this is generally called ` b/w stoneblade ' rather than ` deadguy ale ' . 
  deadguy ale was a dark ritual/sinkhole/vindicate / hymn/bob deck . 
  i was a little too harsh in my initial post , sure . 
  they are n't actually ` retarded ' . 
  but it really , really annoys me when people say things like ` dredge is n't really magic lol xd ' because it 's so mindless . 
  they are n't saying that because they 've thought about it at all , they 're saying that because someone else said it . 
  it 's a good example of a * meme * in the original sense : a viral sort of idea that filters through society ( or a subsociety , like magic players ) that nobody really thinks about but just repeats until it 's ` established wisdom ' that is n't necessarily actually true . 
  i do . 
  they should have no commercials . 
  the entire event is an advertisement for mtg . 
  ` extremely hard to interact with ' except for all the cards that kill artifacts , of which there are many ? 
  well for one thing i did n't watch more than 30s of it when i saw that the entire stream was going to be such poor quality i could n't even read the cards . 
  they could * at least * broadcast it in hd , if nothing else . 
  no , text chat . 
  last time i played hearthstone there was no way to communicate with your opponent .
