  i 'm sure you agree that deleting memes is good . 
  as it is , there 's little moderation . 
  they delete memes and referral links , mostly , but they do n't delete some things that are also against the rules , like looking for mmo posts and some blatant advertising . 
  they should do so . 
  it would make the subreddit better . 
  / r/hailcorporate, 
  did you upload the wrong screenshot ? 
  this really does n't look pretty to me at all . 
  it 's washed out , it looks like it has the same asian artstyle as the rest of these korean grinders , it 's good very short view distance , it 's got weird issues with the builds in the distance not displaying properly , the trees look murky , the textures on the buildings look bad even at this distance , the shadows are too sharp ... 
  mmos being persistent is n't arbitrary . 
  they 're rpgs , which means you have a persistent character . 
  ** all ** rpgs have persistent characters . 
   there are many games based on rounds with the most similar to mmos being mobas following a similar progression . 
  mobas are n't similar to mmorpgs . 
  they are n't anything like rpgs and they are n't anything like mmos . 
   there are also roguelikes , die and start over with only your knowledge left . 
  roguelikes specifically are not rpgs . 
  this is a big thing in the roguelike community . 
  they are not rpgs . 
  people do n't want them to be rpgs , they have distaste for rpg elements in roguelikes . 
  roguelikes have permadeath , they do n't have persistent characters . 
  they 're intended to be gamey . 
  they have procedurally generated worlds instead of crafted worlds with narrative . 
  not really . 
  the entire reason that dota is popular is that absolutely nothing influences how well you do in the game other than your picks and skill . 
  league kind of breaks that with its stupid pay-to-win hero buying and runes , but dota players would riot ( no pun intended ) if they added stuff that let you have more power in a game because of a previous different game . 
   so it 's easy for you and me to say `` hey , all you got ta do is just drain the supply by modifying drop rate ! '', 
  except we do n't really have a previous example of it being done well . 
  even runescape had this field camp issue for a loong time , and you said it , they have 10-30 sec respawn timer . 
  again , runescape does not have this issue . 
  what makes you think it does ? 
  eve online came out before wow . 
  2003 is before 2004 . 
  / r/quitaskingpeopletodoxthemselves, 
  i hate to say it , but have you tried dota ? 
  it 's hardcore and it 's competitive . 
  it 's very deep , it 's super balanced . 
  it also is played in games that generally last 30-60 minutes , so people like you and i , with jobs , can play it just as hardcore as someone that has way more time . 
  the combat in any moba is better than the combat in any mmo , but dota is widely acknowledged as having the best . 
  fast-paced , action-packed , very much about decision making as well though . 
  give it a go . 
   a subreddit is not rules , its a community , idiot . 
  the rules influence the community . 
  if you have lax rules , like / r/gaming , you get shitty content for the masses . 
  if you have stricter rules , like / r/games , you get better content . 
  if you have very strict rules , like / r/truegaming , you get genuinely good discussions . 
  again , i 'll say what i said before : the reason mobas are popular is that they are skill-based competitive games where the only thing that affects your performance is your skill and your picks . 
  they 're not meant to be persistent , because persistence completely destroys competitiveness . 
  you 'll notice that any game that has some sort of persistence that is competitive is n't really persistent at a competitive level . 
  for example , every pro player has all the champions that they will ever play , and almost certainly has all of them . 
  they own all of them , they buy the new ones as soon as they come out . 
  they have the optimal rune configurations set up , they have all the runes they will ever need available to them . 
  nobody at a high level in lol is there because they 've progressed in some persistent manner . 
  and if you got a 5 % damage boost in lol for winning the lcs , the competitive scene would die overnight . 
  that would be it . 
  it would die and it would never come back . 
   you do n't have to model a moba ( which is n't equivalent to an arts ! ), 
  after dota2 or lol, 
  moba = arts . 
  they 're the same genre . 
  mobas ( as they have unfortunately become known , it 's a shitty useless abbreviation ) are defined as being team-based with strong player roles , having lanes , having progression through early , mid and late-game stages ( with battles being low-stakes early and high-stakes later ) , being separated into matches generally up to an hour in length with no progression between them , being skill-based , etc. 
   because ` moba ' is a broad enough genre description to include gear progression --  m mo rpg ba, 
  if you pretend that `` moba '' simply literally means `` multiplayer online battle arena '' and that any game that takes place in some sort of arena with online multiplayer fits the description , then sure wow arena might count . 
  but then so does cs : go . 
  cs : go is not a moba and neither is wow . 
  this is a false dichotomy . 
  the other discussion made sense : either instances exist or they do n't . 
  sure you can have multiple levels of instancing , you can have prevalent instances ( gw1 ) or you can have instances only really for a few quest fights ( runescape , at least earlier in its life ) and you can have anything in between , but it 's just a spectrum . 
  this on the other hand is different . 
  tab targeting and action combat are both bad systems , in my opinion . 
  you 're presenting them as if they are the only valid models . 
  playing devil 's advocate for a moment , how do you respond to the criticism that tab targeting does n't end up being about slow methodical decision making but instead ends up being about determining an optimal rotation and then executing it by spamming number keys ? 
  i personally do n't find tab targeting particularly slow or methodical . 
  i used to like rts games as a kid , because my friends and i just played them very casually on lan , or we played against the computer . 
  i can not get into any rtses now , because online multiplayer is competitive , and so it 's all about apm and build orders and eugh , i just ca n't find it fun . 
  tab targeting is n't the only way to do combat that is n't action-based . 
  rpgs should obviously always be about the character 's skill rather than the players ' ( being about the player 's * strategy and tactics * and the character 's * skill , attributes and reflexes * , imo ) , but tab targeting is a pretty poor way of doing that imo . 
  gw2 is a game i played and almost immediately disliked . 
  i 'm not sure what it was , but the game just felt very unpolished . 
  it did n't feel like they did anything new in any significant way . 
  i think that if you 're deciding you love a mechanic that clearly causes so , so many problems on the basis of a game as bad as gw2 , you are making a huge mistake . 
   obviously the concept of healing , damage and some-sort-of-defensive-action is always a core part of mmorpg combat , only that the holy trinity oversimplified them and assigned players in those specific roles . 
  i disagree with this statement . 
  i do n't think that `` healing , damage and some-sort-of-defensive action '' are always ' a core part of mmorpg combat ' . 
  i think they 're a core part of threat-based combat systems , unless you mean that in the simplest and most reductive of senses , as literally `` making numbers go up , making numbers go down and making numbers go down slower and only on myself '' . 
  but as roles ? 
  no , i do n't think so . 
  i do n't think there needs to be a healer role , or a damage role , or a tank role . 
  really everything about the design of mmorpgs today comes from threat . 
  the tank holds threat by taunting , having ( unrealistically ) threatening abilities , etc. 
  then the healer ( s ) keep the tank alive and the dps kill the thing that the tank is holding threat on . 
  why not look at table-top rpgs and see why those games have character roles . 
  in those games the reason tends to be that you ca n't pass through other characters . 
  people are solid and opaque . 
  you ca n't run through someone , you have to kill them or disable them or run around them , and if you run around them they get an opportunity to strike you when you move out of their zone of control . 
  that could make for interesting mmo combat , right ? 
  instead of relying on players knowing the genre tropes and being used to the idea that tanks have some sort of unexplained ability to confuse everything from wild monsters to supervillains to attack them if they say `` rawr !, 
  '' , defensive characters would force people to attack them by standing in front of them and saying `` yeah , sure , try to get past me . 
  see how that works for you . '', 
  i do n't think those roles need to exist .
