  it does n't mean they ` should n't exist ' . 
   again , blizzard can not say these things out right because it is a fucking legal battle and their are nuances to it . 
  legal battles are held in open court . 
  the deck had a stupid name that was n't an accurate representation of what it actually did . 
  you remember ` abzan control ' , the midrange deck from ths-ktk standard ? 
  or ` abzan aggro ' the midrange deck full of 2-drops and 3-drops and thoughtseizes ? 
  lots of decks throughout the history of magic have had inaccurate names . 
   most people now prefer f2p with a heavy cash shop nowadays, 
  [ citation needed ], 
   i cant always afford a sub game, 
  neet detected, 
   can i ask how any of this is p2w ? 
  100 % of it is convenience boosters, 
  that 's precisely what makes it pay to win . 
   if a f2p and a guy who bought all this shit fought 1v1 at equal skill , they both would have equal chance of winning the fight , none of these items give `` 100 + to damage '' which is what p2w is ? 
  you are n't at equal skill or equal gear , because the person that has paid money is ahead of you because of their ` experience ' . 
   the game is really good , one ( if not ) the best combat i 've ever played in an open-world mmo . 
  such a high quality game when you level up by just spamming your keyboard without any thought or strategy and the mobs just instantly die, 
   appeal to authority, 
   swearing as an argument, 
  no they are not . 
  the assets are entirely client-side . 
  the client is not being distributed . 
  nothing is being distributed . 
   no one ever said eve is p2w because of the plex, 
  as i always say in response to people saying that : yes , we do think that makes it pay to win , and that 's why we stopped playing it . 
   haha what even is an independent variable, 
  please stop, 
   what use is buying gold if you ca n't play the game well ? 
  people that can play the game well can also buy gold . 
  it 's definitely p2w . 
   blizzard 's ip, 
  again , ` ip ' just means ` copyrighted works , trademarks and patents ' . 
  blizzard have n't even claimed to hold patents over any part of wow 's servers - and certainly not that anyone has infringed them - and have always kept the conversation tied down to copyright . 
  and there simply is no copyright violation . 
  reimplementing a clone of an existing server does not violate copyright . 
  nothing , anywhere , is being distributed . 
  the silk road was an illegal marketplace . 
  it 's not legal to facilitate selling drugs . 
  the pirate bay , again , facilitated copyright infringement . 
  although note that the pirate bay never actually infringed existing laws in sweden . 
  they had to introduce new laws to shut it down . 
  running a private server does n't ` enable people to break the law ' . 
  what law do you think they 're enabling people to break ? 
  it does n't matter what is legal . 
  blizzard will exhaust your money before they exhaust the various avenues they have to fight you in legally , whether they 're right or wrong . 
   you 're a master of semantics, 
  what is it with people on reddit claiming someone is ` arguing semantics ' every time they realise they 're on the losing side of an argument ? 
  that 's totally separate and unrelated to the copyright claim . 
  look at the letter photographed in the linked article . 
  it is talking about ' ... allows users to play altered and/or illegitimate copies of wow onlin - [ page cuts off ] - the need for a legitimately-purchased copy or subscription ' . 
  not only is that not illegal ( it 's absolutely not violating any law to simply enable people to use the products they 've purchased however they like - blizzard does n't have a legal right to their customers ) , it does n't mention trademarks . 
  well , it does later . 
  ` by dir - [ page cuts off ] - appropriating blizzard 's valuable trademarks and copyrights - [ page cuts off ] ' . 
  clearly it 's saying ` by directly appropriating blizzard 's valuable trademarks ... ' . 
  so yes , that is a genuine claim . 
  but the key point is that violating trademark law is pretty murky business . 
  it 's entirely reasonable to suggest that ` wow private server ' is n't a violation of trademark law , as ` wow ' is a description of the game that is being cloned . 
  but it 's probably still a violation . 
  either way , that 's not enough to shut down * the server * , merely * the website * . 
  he could call it ` gummy fantasy online game ' and not mention wow anywhere and he 'd be completely fine . 
   they did n't do anything though ? 
  silk road facilitated users breaking the law . 
  pirate bay facilitated users breaking the law . 
  running a private server does not enable anyone to break any laws . 
  as has been well-discussed , this is not okay . 
  but that does n't mean that all private servers do this . 
  private servers are fine . 
   not being sold but is licensed, 
  only in corporate america, 
   an ip is an intellectual property , which can be trademarked , copyrighted , patented , etc. 
  literally makes no sense . 
  that 's not how the law works, 
   in addition , you do n't think world of warcraft has been trademarked ? 
  world of warcraft is a registered trademark , so you yourself agreed with me in your comment :, 
  yes , wow is trademarked . 
   by the way , i learned about ips at university . 
  i sat through a few lectures on them , actually . 
  does that ` strange idea ' i got taught still seem hilariously false ? 
  if it does , well , you need to educate yourself . 
  it 's hilariously false . 
  ` ip law ' is a misnomer . 
  the law of copyright , the law of trademark and the law of patents are unrelated . 
  there 's nothing illegal about ` free access to something people should 've been paying for ' . 
  is everyone that makes a free clone of a paid app now a criminal ? 
  it does n't matter what people ` will often ' do . 
  what matter is what you can do . 
  and you can spend money to get an in-game advantage . 
  no , it is n't . 
  in the eu , in australia , in new zealand , in canada ... outside of the us , in other words , there are what are called ` consumer rights laws ' . 
  if someone sells you a good , they have sold it to you . 
  it is yours . 
  that 's how selling goods works . 
  digital goods are still goods . 
  that might be what it says on the box . 
  but in reality , it is sold . 
  you 're missing the point . 
  of course it 's licensed . 
  that does n't mean it is n't being sold . 
   i suppose you 're right , tpb was only a hosting service after all .
