  of course , there are definitely some people that are [ just plain nasty ] ( http://stormfront.org ) plain . 
  but that 's not even true . 
  they 're types of music that have very heavily influenced each other . 
  it 's like saying ` jazz/blues ' . 
  yes they 're very different , but they 've also very heavily influenced each other . 
  they 're not lumped together because they 're black music , they 're lumped together because they 're closely related . 
  same with this . 
  that south african woman , if that 's who you 're talking about , i actually usually quite like . 
  god save the queen, 
   how liberal is new zealand ? 
  fyi , ` liberal ' does n't mean ` left-wing ' outside north america , it means . . well . . liberal . 
   justin trudeau in and obama out canada might be the farthest to the left, 
  the us democrats would be pretty damn right-wing in nz , australia and the uk , and i assume canada too ? 
  like , no interest in universal healthcare ... 
  the british labour party is sadly much like the new zealand labour party : it 's full of fucking neoliberals . 
   i think the neo-liberalness is a result of our economy being almost wholly reliant on trade, 
  you 've got those two mixed up . 
  being wholly reliant on trade is a result of neoliberal policy . 
   for all that r/nz will vilify our national-led government , they 're really not all that evil, 
  they 're easily the most corrupt government we 've ever had . 
  oh my god the abuse of the word ` liberal ' is actually hurting me so hard . 
  it does n't mean left-wing !, 
  the national party is solidly right-wing , not particularly different from the british conservative party which is basically the model for the english-speaking world . 
  they 're very similar to the democrats : socially centrist , economically liberal . 
  they underfund public services , have reduced taxes on the rich , raised consumption taxes on the poor , want to privatise state assets , support mass surveillance , support the monarchy and our historical ties to britain , etc. 
  all of these are solidly right-wing policies . 
   what movies could you recommend that would be similar in sense of humour ? 
  flight of the conchords is a tv show that also has jemaine clement in it !, 
  personally i think that while it 's clearly an improvement over fpp , it has some issues . 
  firstly , we have a small enough population that 's spread out enough that some of our electorates are just absurdly huge . 
  for example , because of the ( outdated , gerrymandered and biased against the left ) system of maori electorates , te tai tonga is over 150,000 square kilometres in size . 
  that 's in a country that 's only 261,000 square kilometres in total !, 
  secondly , some of the additional rules we have are kind of shitty . 
  while fpp is quite simple , mmp requires that there are a few parameters set up . 
  so for example , germany established a 5 % threshold mainly to keep nazi parties out of their legislature . 
  we adopted the same threshold , but . . not really for any good reason . 
  we still have it , and it 's resulted in multiple elections being skewed as a result . 
  there 's another problematic rule that says that if a party gets any electorate mps then it is exempt from the threshold . 
  so if you get 4.5 % , you do n't get any mps , but if you get 2.5 % and a single electorate mp , you get that electorate mp and two extra list mps . 
  thirdly , it means that you get situations where parties have had overhangs of multiple mps while not having enough of the party vote to actually match up with those mps . 
  that 's mainly because of the maori electorates , again , which push a lot of maori out of the main electorates , giving all the general electorates get an unfair right-wing boost , while the maori electorates always go to the maori party or the labour party . 
  the maori party always does badly in the party vote ( like 1 % or less ) , but has in the past got a few electorate mps , which means we end up having more than 120 mps . 
  it 's a pretty weird system . 
  what should probably happen is that electorate mps should be assigned to parties first , then list mps should be assigned to parties until there are 120 mps . 
  half of me thinks that we should probably just get rid of electorate mps . 
  mps do n't really even represent their constituencies these days . 
  better would be to have a purely party list-based approach . 
  currently many people do n't bother to vote because their local electorate is basically guaranteed to go one way . 
  you would still be represented in parliament by the list mps that live in your region . 
  but part of me is sad that list mps basically are n't actually people . 
  they are just votes . 
  party discipline in new zealand is * extremely * strong , to a really ridiculous extent . 
  nobody votes against what their party wants them to vote for . 
  that 's good in some ways , but it makes the whole process of electing actual people with actual names feel kind of pointless . 
  for the government , sure , it makes sense , because they become ministers and there they are important as people . 
  but especially for the crossbenchers and the opposition . . they 're just there to make speeches and then vote exactly in line with their party . 
   yeah , and let 's not ban americans either , they share so much of our culture and contribute money through tourism !, 
  americans do n't share anything with our culture at all . 
  and contributing money through tourism has nothing to do with * at all * , because we 're not talking about tourism or restricting tourist numbers . 
  nice straw man though . 
   the people on the internet who are telling you there is a bias are the bitter losers i 'm talking about . 
  nobody is telling me that there is a bias . 
  that there is a bias is just fact . 
  look at all the stats : men are given much harsher sentences than women . 
   some people , myself included , advocate it on the basis that it actually improves on equality of opportunity because unconscious biases are a documented phenomenon . 
  it does n't matter . 
  it 's discrimination . 
  when you start being intellectually honest in how you talk about it , we might be able to start talking about pros and cons . 
  given that you seem to refuse to talk about it as it is and want to couch it in ridiculously sugarcoated terms , i think we know what the chances of that are . 
   that 's actually a crime and if someone has been hurt by it you should encourage them to go to the police or mount a civil suit under our privacy legislation and torts . 
  and yet that does n't undo it . 
  rock is not blues . 
  rock is influenced by blues , but blues it is not . 
   she sings soul and here fellow nominees rap , it 's weird to put them together . 
  i can see her point . 
  ( side note never heard of any of them before tonight ), 
  it 's contemporary r&b , not soul . 
  it 's not james brown or aretha franklin we 're talking about here . 
   firstly , this is whataboutism . 
  no it is n't . 
  it 's not whataboutism . 
  it would be whataboutism if you said ` women have it bad ' and i said ` but what about men 's issues ??? ' . 
  it would be whataboutism if you said ` men do x , y and z and that 's bad ' and i said ` but what about the things women do that are bad ??? ' . 
  this is n't whataboutism . 
   secondly , the causes of high crime rates can be poverty , culture , education etc ( environmental ) or genetic , or a free choice . 
  no one is responsible for their genetics or their environment but they are responsible for their choices . 
  break human action down however you wish . 
  so are you saying that maori are genetically inferior , or ... ? 
   i agree there is discrimination in those fields but it would be artificial to act like they carry similar power , prestige , and remuneration to traditionally male-dominated professions . 
  we might be at a tipping point now where it 's time to scrutinise female-dominated profession , as a number of large firms are implementing anti-discrimination systems . 
  nursing and childcare carry a fucking lot more power , prestige and remuneration than forestry , mining and shitty labouring work . 
  oh sorry , were we pretending that all men work for it firms ? 
   does n't address the point that the original and current purpose of feminism is equal rights . 
  it does n't matter what the theoretical purpose of academic feminism is . 
  what matters is the results of the words and actions of actual feminists . 
  the reality is that the actual feminists in this thread are the ones minimising and trivialising real issues that men face . 
  this is a thread about men , not about women , and not about feminism . 
  your behaviour is whataboutism . 
  `` men have this issue . '', 
  `` but what about wage gap ???? '',
