  i think port is definitely better , but i would probably play gq as well if i could . 
   however , if you have teeg out there is nothing they can do . 
  you ca n't play teeg with chalice on 2 and you ca n't play chalice with teeg out . 
  you could gsz for teeg , i suppose ? 
  because a tournament involves players going to a location and playing the game . 
  mtgo is not magic the gathering , it 's a completely different game . 
  the way you play is different , the culture is different , the meta is different , the card availability is different . 
  this is a subreddit for legacy . 
  legacy online and in paper are completely different . 
  that 's not true ... 
  sylvan library is basically the best possible card for this deck ... 
  i do n't understand this deck at all . 
  why not play shocklands , snuff out , sylvan library and such ? 
  yeah you can theoretically lose too much life , but not * really * . 
   as far as i can tell it 's a series of games between a number of competitors , who compete for an overall prize . 
  not talking about the literal definition of the word in general usage . 
   they 're both magic as far as i can tell too . 
  stop ignoring all the contents of my posts and what i 'm saying to justify my point while repeating your point over and over . 
  if you 're going to respond to my actual points , do so , otherwise go away . 
   how is the way you pay different ? 
  people that play mostly on modo are terrible at magic . 
  they constantly forget triggers , ca n't do basic combat arithmetic and expect their opponent to know all the rules and keep track of all the game state for them . 
  and no , the rules around timing are very different . 
  no chess clocks irl . 
   how is the culture different ? 
  different attitude to slow play , and it 's completely different playing with people in paper compared to playing against a username online . 
  paper is interactive , you 're playing against a person , you 're usually chatting a bit . 
   how is the meta different ? 
  ports are incredibly expensive on modo and so d&t is nearly nonexistent , while it 's really popular irl . 
   card availability on mtgo makes it more of an indicator as to what is viable because more people are able to play and test out what works . 
  personally disagree , many cards are super expensive online like daze , stifle and port . 
   you have not successfully proven that online tournaments are any less reasonable to base conclusions off of so you are the one wasting my time by not addressing what i 'm talking about . 
  i just think it 's so completely different from a 10-round paper tournament that it 's irrelevant . 
   there is nothing that proves that people who play on mtgo are terrible at magic . 
  i did n't say it * proved * anything . 
  but in my experience , people that play on mtgo are bad at some things you do n't have any reason to learn to be good at when you play mtgo , which is completely fine and understandable . 
   how does interactivity make the two so different that they ca n't be compared ? 
  you asked how the culture was different , i answered . 
   dnt is just as popular in paper as online . 
  it 's pretty unpopular on mtgo and pretty popular irl . 
   daze , stifle , and port are hardly comparable to entire landbases that are in the thousands of dollars . 
  daze is like $ 15 as is stifle . 
  the only one that comes close is port . 
  which influences deck choices towards decks that are expensive irl and cheap online , which changes the meta . 
   the differences are n't deep enough to warrant one being considered over the other . 
  in reality they have different metas , they have historically had quite different metas , and they just generally are considered quite separate in the magic community . 
   the omnipresence of surgical extraction, 
  are you sure this extends beyond your local meta ? 
  should change your name to 4-c-parker . 
  ` realistic ' is n't the point . 
  the fact that was disputed was :, 
   there were enough leave voters in scotland to have swung it to remain ... 
  which is * fucking objectively true * no matter how realistic . 
   for them , a drink with less sugar would be ideal ... 
  they should drink coke zero then . 
  well we 're past the * debate * over who was here first , as that debate has never existed . 
  it 's always , from the first moment of new zealand 's existence until today , been accepted and agreed upon by virtually everyone that maori got here before europeans . 
  then they should be fined by the commerce commission . 
  unlimited means unlimited . 
  if it ai n't unlimited , do n't call it unlimited . 
  i agree that it should n't matter . 
  i agree that our laws should all be entirely blind to ethnicity , that iwi should not get special privileges or any control over resource consents , or any special seats on councils or boards or in parliament . 
  but the * fact * is that maori got here first . 
  they are n't trying to get people that * would have voted labour or national * , they 're trying to get people that * would have supported green but not bothered to vote * . 
   if it does n't prove anything then what is your reasoning for mentioning it ? 
  we 're discussing something . 
  discussing things is n't about proving things . 
   just because they 're different does n't mean anything . 
  basketball could have 3 periods instead of 4 quarters and all the other rules be the same and the new time restriction would make the new and the old very much comparable . 
  i disagree . 
  different formats of cricket have very different cultures , very different ways of playing and most importantly they have separate record keeping and record breaking . 
  minute-to-minute the games play basically the same , but they 're fundamentally different . 
   you mentioned how the metas are different and i made the argument for the online meta being more indicative of a pure meta since it was generally cheaper . 
  but irl is n't a ` pure meta ' . 
  that 's kind of my point . 
  and there are lots of decks , like death and taxes and lands , that are n't popular on mtgo because of time restrictions and because of deck cost . 
  that 's not the point . 
  the point is that the green party know that they can make much larger gains if they attract young voters towards voting in general , and chloe swarbruck ( or w/e ) seems to appeal to young people . 
  if the greens had a campaign entirely focused on getting young people to vote in general , not even just purely for them , but just in general , they 'd probably still benefit from it . 
  i think this makes sense . 
  a political consensus that 's against the privatisation of the rail * network * ( the actual rails , the land , managing the rails , etc. ), 
  in the long-term is necessary in order for the government to be confident in investing in the rail network . 
  letting kiwirail be separate , responsible just for the actual trains etc. 
  themselves , that makes much more sense . 
  again , * completely * irrelevant to what is being discussed in this subthread . 
  the contention is whether scotland 's leave voters could have swung it , and they * fucking could * . 
  objectively . 
   you make the assumption that people are going to vote for the greens because they have a young woman or two on their list, 
  no , i do not . 
  the greens do . 
   chloe swarbrick has probably got something to offer the green party . 
  i do n't think that something merits a top-10 spot on the list . 
  where else does she go ? 
  would you rather have ` golriz ghahraman ' , whoever the hell that is , rather than a recognisable , well-known kiwi like chloe swarbrick ? 
  no it is n't . 
  god / r/magictcg is crap . 
  legacy decks are more likely to be red than blue . 
  you literally can not ` prove ' any of this . 
  it 's subjective evaluation of the format . 
  you ca n't prove anything you 're saying , neither can i.
