  no it does n't . 
  death 's shadow encourages you to be fast . 
  twin encourages you to be interactive . 
  they are literally opposites in their effects on the format . 
  no it is n't . 
  it 's awful . 
   wide open meta game, 
  you 've never played with jace . 
  oh where do you get this shit ? 
   mishra 's workshop is restricted in vintage !, 
  please never go anywhere near vintage ever again . 
  shops is a pillar of the format . 
  the format is healthy with it legal . 
  the format is not healthy with it restricted . 
  the format will never , ever be healthy with shops restricted . 
  banning drs and restricting mentor though ? 
  definitely . 
   best card in standard, 
  standard is incredibly weak compared to modern, 
   one of the best cards in legacy, 
  absolutely not, 
   even vintage, 
  where you can play him on turn 1, 
  that 's just inane and untrue . 
  he 's nowhere near ` one of the strongest plays you can make in legacy ' . 
  splinter twin never needed to be banned , and it does n't need something to be banned for it to be unbanned . 
  if they unbanned twin , i doubt anyone would play it . 
  ds is just better . 
  you are wrong . 
  jace is not a powerful card in modern . 
  there are half a dozen cards that are safer to unban in legacy than hermit druid . 
  earthcraft , mind twist , necropotence , careful study , yawgmoth 's bargain are all much safer for example . 
   death 's shadow remains in that grey area where it could be justifiably taken out back and shot , but does n't need to be . 
  i support giving it a three month stay of execution , revisit the question later if needed . 
  death 's shadow is probably fine , even though it 's absolutely made the format worse than it was before . 
   mentor and one sphere effect should be restricted in vintage . 
  tinker is restricted partly for its ability to serve as a control win condition ( get blightsteel ) , and mentor is about as fast a kill as tinker into bsc . 
  mentor does n't have tinker 's other uses ( get memory jar or a lock piece ) but tinker would merit restriction even if it were limited to cheating out artifact creatures . 
  definitely not . 
  mentor restricted , yeah . 
  sphere effects absolutely do not need to be restricted . 
  workshops is powerful because of mentor , not because of anything else . 
   as for unbans - all the formats except vintage are pretty healthy right now , no need to throw a cat among the pigeons with a risky unban . 
  then choose a non-risky unban like jace , bloodbraid elf , green sun 's zenith , stoneforge mystic , ponder , preordain , splinter twin , birthing pod , earthcraft , mind twist , necropotence , careful study or yawgmoth 's bargain . 
   if modern is getting stale , there are three possible unbans , with the safest being jtms , then bbe and sfm being progressively more risky . 
  one or more of those could be let loose if the format is dull . 
  modern 's problem is n't that it 's ` stale ' , it 's that it 's an incredibly linear and aggressive format . 
   a swap of gsz in , dryad arbor out would improve the format ( imo ) but runs against past wotc practice , so i do not expect it . 
  no , it would do nothing . 
  green sun 's zenith in would be fine . 
  gsz into dryad arbor is not a powerful play in fucking 2017 . 
  go away . 
   restrict thorn of amethyst and monastery mentor ( they have to go as a pair ) . 
  no they do n't . 
  nobody that knows anything about vintage thinks that shops needs a restriction . 
  there are many , many things far more powerful in commander than cv lmao . 
  seething song has never been that powerful in storm . 
  seething song has never been that powerful in storm . 
  seething song is exceptionally weak . 
  you literally have never played with jace . 
   an iconic masters printing would n't even make a dent in the resulting price-spike, 
  this just is not true, 
   you 're wrong . 
  most slow control decks do have a positive matchup against death 's shadow . 
  and ? 
  that does n't mean it does n't encourage the format to be fast . 
   eldrazi tron has sort of thrown a wrench in things by making it harder to play those slow decks , but that problem would exist with twin too . 
  no it would n't . 
  twin was terrible against slow interactive decks . 
  that 's not what that was in response to . 
  that was in response to talking about what rules changes they might make . 
   it 's a good thing for the twin player because you get multiple free time walks over the course of a match . 
  no you do n't . 
  you 've never played twin or time walk , it 's obvious . 
   other than helping to keep tron in check , i do n't think it was good for the format . 
  then you are wrong . 
  this is n't a matter of opinion . 
   you do n't fix something that is n't broken . 
  wotc fix things that are n't broken all the time . 
   it does matter if casual players are playing wrong as long as they'ed have just as much fun if they could be playing right . 
  no it really does n't . 
   having a universally accepted understanding of how the game works enables more clear understanding when encountering players outside of their play group . 
  changing the rule would n't make the rules universally understood . 
  it would create more division amongst players because most players do not keep up to date with rules changes . 
   players who go through the llanowar elf situation often go through a feel bad moment of finding they 've been playing wrong the whole time and that should be avoided when possible . 
  learning experiences are * not * a ` feel bad moment ' . 
  where do you get that ridiculous idea ? 
  they 're learning experiences . 
   ( i do also think that adding mana to your mana pool should be reworded to be more clear in what it means . ), 
  no it should n't . 
  re-read my comment . 
  where did i say wotc knew anything about vintage ? 
   given that it has never been legal in the format , that 's a baseless claim . 
  til you can never test cards in a format or think how they would affect that format . 
  oh wait you can and we have done so . 
   i 've played with and against jace enough times in legacy to know how absurd the card is . 
  no you have n't , because it 's not even good in legacy . 
   it was banned out of standard for being so oppressive and has lived out the whole of modern on the banlist . 
  standard is an incredibly weak format compared to modern . 
   there has been a ton of debate over how good the card would be in modern , but it 's not remotely safe to unban .
