  i hope they rip it up . 
  then we wo n't have to worry about it when we rip up any claims they make that any of their citizens own any property in new zealand . 
  letting , of all fucking countries , the bloody prc push us around ? 
  fuck that . 
  we do n't need a chinese fta . 
  we do n't need trade with china at all . 
  we 'd be better off without it . 
  all they do is steal intellectual property , create shitty knock-offs of other peoples ' shit , and undercut new zealand workers . 
  fuck china . 
   that does n't mean to say we should n't ban foreign donations , but ordering an investigation into a `` threat '' posed by a country that really could n't give two shits what we do because we 're smaller than most of it 's second tier cities and lack any strategic value whatsoever just rings of the renewal of the `` yellow peril '' , the idea that china and chinese people pose some sort of existential threat to our way of life and our democracy . 
  because they fucking do . 
  china already controls the south china sea . 
  they will continue to . 
  the reality is that the usa has what you might call ` war exhaustion ' . 
  the populace is fucking sick of war . 
  they are n't going to actually get involved in any conflicts with china , and china knows that . 
  so china will get and take whatever they want in the south china sea . 
  new zealand , on the other hand , has a huge eec and a lot of arable farmland . 
  and china wants it , which is why they * keep fucking buying it * . 
  go to a decile 1 school and tell them that they have equal opportunity to succeed when compared to kids at a decile 10 school . 
  i fucking dare you . 
  comparing yourself to the worst is nice if you want a pat on the back . 
  i do n't want a pat on the back . 
  it 's worse than it should be . 
  it 's worse than some other places . 
  it 's worse than it needs to be . 
  it 's worse than it could be . 
  therefore it 's shit and needs to be replaced wholesale . 
  you 'll be just as much of a cunt preaching about alcohol consumption next time someone dies of liver cirrhosis too , cunt . 
   the issue is n't a water tax per se . 
  the issue is a percieved disconnect between rural and urban nz . 
  one cent per 1000 litres is tiny . 
  what they 're concerned about is where it goes next . 
  easy to up the rate to 10 cents or a dollar . 
  now we do n't expect that will happen but that 's what they see and fear . 
  good . 
  it should go up . 
  it should be allowed to go up . 
  it should go up until the farmers fuck off , permanently , out of canterbury . 
   there is an increasing amount of regulation in farming and primary industries . 
  the intentions are always good . 
  some of the regulation is good and effective . 
  some of it is not - see http://i.stuff.co.nz/business/farming/agribusiness/64225722/40000-fine-for-no-quad-bike-helmets and tell me if you think it is proportionate . 
  quad bikes can be dangerous as fuck , but this is n't how you make them safer . 
  using a safer vehicle is often an easy win . 
  people die on quad bikes all the time . 
  wear a helmet . 
   back to the main point , many rural people do n't have confidence in central government to make the right decisions because they feel they are n't understood . 
  they often vote national because they leave them alone the most . 
  because they think ` the right decision ' and the decision that makes them the most money are the same thing . 
   what we really need to do is look at the red tape ( trigger warning ) and how to simplify the process . 
  if you 've ever been self employed you 'll know how much compliance there is . 
  tech solutions like xero and ird online do make things easier and more efficient . 
  if we could make compliance easier - less paper work , more automation - the the farmers would appreciate it . 
  at the same time we should take meaningful action on the environment and health and safety . 
  we need more collaboration and to restore the trust . 
  it 's not red tape . 
  it 's simple regulation . 
  they can go fuck themselves , frankly . 
  they 're an outdated institution . 
  they 're all fucking owned by big companies anyway . 
  you 're totally right , we should resolve the issue of a broken pipeline between a refinery and a city by changing what we 're refining at the refinery . 
  oh wait no we should n't , that 's ** fucking retarded ** . 
  it 's not luck . 
  we are n't lucky . 
  it 's something we 've * chosen * as a country and should continue to choose . 
  because of the leadership, 
   i broadly agree with you , except for fuck building traditional houses . 
  we have a stupid love affair with them . 
  get used to terraced housing and apartments which can totally provide for families . 
  the quarter acre dream is dead . 
  how about no ? 
  buddy that was 6.83, 
  so many fucking ragequits on other team from level 1 cm at 5 minutes :d, 
  it 's not an expression . 
  it 's an important distinction . 
  people say kiwis are lucky , people say it all the time . 
  ` you do n't know how lucky you are ' . 
  it is n't luck , though , it 's not us getting lucky . 
  it 's really important to remember that nz is as it is because we have chosen to make it that way . 
  yeah . 
  i think that newspapers should be regulated more tightly , at least during election campaigns if not outside that period . 
  in fact , all journalists should be . 
  and if you claim you 're not a journalist , like mike hosking ? 
  then you do n't get to make political statements on broadcast media without declaring it as a political expense . 
  it means what it means . 
  after months of work , i 'd hope they 'd have a better design than what i came up with after literally 15 seconds of thought . 
  i disagree . 
  if anything , too many heroes are good early-game . 
  supports are way too good lategame . 
  that should be a type error , as those are n't booleans . 
  i do n't even necessarily think it 's about balance . 
  simple restricting electoral advertising on journalism would be a good start . 
  definitely agree with conflicts of interest reports , and distinction between opinion and not opinion . 
  i thought that was his best answer . 
  he wants to end neoliberal bullshit . 
   and let 's tank the economy while we 're at it because of some paranoia that the chinese are out to get us . 
  it 's not paranoia . 
  it 's reality . 
   good luck with pushing back against china .
