  you had to message them on battle.net , which i think requires you to accept the friend request . 
  so anyone complaining about their opponents sending them rude messages were really bringing it on themselves by accepting the friend request . 
   because this is one of the reasons they 've given for it being hard for them to go back . 
  dominaria does n't have a clear identity . 
  that 's rubbish . 
  dominaria has a clear identity , just like the forgotten realms has a clear identity , just like middle earth has a clear identity , just like wizarding britain has a clear identity . 
  ` clear identity ' does n't mean ` completely one-dimensional , flat , boring , homogenous ' . 
  that 's what wotc 's current worlds are . 
  and that 's * fine * when they just serve as backdrops to game mechanics . 
  they 're flavour , on the cards . 
  they 're not stories for stories ' sake . 
  they 're bad as stories , in their own right , but they 're fine as flavour , as a backdrop . 
  but dominaria is different . 
  dominaria is a proper world . 
   it makes sense too . 
  if your game is about walking from plane to plane , why spend so much time fiddling about in different parts of one plane ? 
  is that simplistic ? 
  yes . 
  but it 's a story that 's told two lines of text at a time through a trading card game . 
  i would agree if not for two things :, 
  flavour text was better pre-modern days anyway ( they changed the frame at the same time as they changed to the modern planes , basically ) . 
  so it 's not like it 's a tradeoff . 
  it 's all negative, 
  i think they 're making the game mechanically worse by focusing the story in this way , by forcing every set to be a carciature of a set . 
  that is , in the past , sets had special mechanics and flavour , but they were n't * entirely * about a particular thing . 
  they were standard magic with a twist . 
  standard was the same , because of core sets . 
  you still had staples . 
  nowadays , every set has to be * completely * focused on its theme , and with no core sets the only cards we get in standard are ones from ` advanced ' sets . 
  so everything in standard is gravy . 
  there 's no meat as filler . 
  part of this is because they often do sets that are focused on being basically a caricature of period in history/theme/whatever . 
  well of course it 's not popular in legacy , it 's not legal in legacy !, 
   and the best bolt deck was burn, 
  if you mean jund , then yeah . 
  imo if you own usea , play it , but if you do n't , it 's not worth buying them just to play ub reanimator over rb reanimator . 
  start with ur delver , then you can switch to rug when they ban drs ( / s. . . kinda ), 
  on a similar note , the first time i cast gitaxian probe to reveal a hand full of mountains and lava spikes i added a hydroblast to my sideboard . 
  all your lands are basic mountains . 
  notably , they 're * not islands * . 
  firstly , the vast majority of players will never ever play in a 15-round tournament . 
  ever . 
  there are very few legacy gps every year and they 're basically all in the us . 
  secondly , you 're basically saying that tailoring your deck to metagame is wrong , and you should just follow whatever fucky mcfuckface on team fuckwit plays in gp irrelevantamericancity . 
   unless you 're on an extremely aggressive ancient tomb/simian spirit guide, 
  that 's the whole point of the deck , though . 
  ancient tomb , simian spirit guide , city of traitors , mountains , blood moon and magus of the moon . 
  god damnit wotc just make my decks the best decks plz . 
  rug ( ban drs ) , storm ( already there ) , infect ( ban drs ) , bg loam pox ( fucking impossible ), 
   `` oh i bet a mono blue prison deck would just crush this meta ermergerd '' and having no reasoning or evidence to back that up is just not worth reading . 
  and to be clear , that 's not to say that blue prison could n't be good in the meta . 
  but if so , * build it * , * test it * and * show us the numbers * . 
  build blue prison on mtgo , play it , 5-0 some leagues , etc. 
  theros/khans is n't what people mean when they say ` theros standard ' . 
  essentially every comment disagrees . 
  a few stupid people are not representative of magic players as a whole . 
  there were people at the time saying it was fine as well . 
  they were wrong then and they 're wrong now . 
  okay so counter it or kill them before they cast it . 
  or kill them after they cast it and do n't get an ulamog because the chance of getting an ulamog is n't 100 % . 
   with a resolved blood moon out, 
  with a resolved blood moon outwith a resolved blood moon outwith a resolved blood moon outwith a resolved blood moon outwith a resolved blood moon outwith a resolved blood moon outwith a resolved blood moon out, 
  that 's budget . 
  mtgo rish ports are absurdly expensive . 
  also , 61 card deck lol . 
  it 's been true basically every day . 
  and * even non-blue fair decks play it * . 
  that 's what clinches it for me . 
  even if you 're not playing blue , you 're probably playing drs in maverick . 
  people are putting it in b/w stoneblade , apparently !, 
  it 's combo city with drs , though . 
  lol , this is n't modern . 
  blue is n't going to just go away . 
  and ? 
  i 'm loving these posts . 
  we 've had more and better discussion because of these threads . 
  brainstorm is n't relevant to this discussion . 
  deathrite shaman is . 
   it supports a variety of strategies ( 4cc , elves , deathblade , bug , delver ), 
  blue control would be viable without drs. 
  elves was viable before drs and would be viable afterwards . 
  deathblade is just disgustingly greedy stoneblade that can get away with what should not be able to be got away with ( if there 's one thing that my rug delver list should beat every time , it 's a 4c mana base , and it 's * bullshit * that i need to run 8 mainboard 1-mana removal spells to be able to beat bgx ) . 
  delver decks were good before drs and would be good without drs. 
  without drs we could go back to having variety in delver decks . 
  remember when bug , rug , ur and uwr delver were all viable decks ? 
  i do . 
  now it 's essentially just ubrg , because when you can play 4 colours for free you can just play all the best cards instead of having to pick 2 or 3 colours . 
  in fact drs makes daze/wasteland/stifle much worse . 
   while offering some interaction against decks that normally are very challenging to interact with pre-board ( dredge , reanimator , lands ) . 
  dredge and lands are meant to be challenging to interact with pre-board . 
  lands is meant to wreck greedy mana bases . 
  dredge is only good because it has a high win % in game 1 and its performance in games 2/3 are meant to be meta-dependent . 
  that 's the format . 
  reanimator is * completely * fine . 
  it 's easy to interact with for any blue deck and non-blue decks play chalice or hatebears or plow , or cut them off from their mana with rish port/wasteland/gq , etc. 
  all three of the decks you mention essentially outright lose to rest in peace . 
  if you want to beat them reliably , play that in your sideboard . 
  but you should n't get to play a main deck four-of that :, 
  increases your game 1 % against decks that are most attractive because of their game 1 %, 
  completely destroys mana denial strategies ,,
