  they waste an enormous amount of money . 
  far far more than the government does . 
  language evolves , but that does n't make things that are * universally considered incorrect * from being * universally considered incorrect * . 
  no it is n't . 
   why do the public want them ? 
  because of an outdated idea that electorate mps ` represent their electorates ' . 
  except they obviously do n't , and have n't done so since the advent of party voting . 
   what are the advantages to them over other systems ? 
  there are none , as long as party list systems exist . 
   what are the disadvantages ? 
  why do we accept these advantages given the disadvantages ? 
  because the public is misinformed . 
   so a class explaining the relative advantages and disadvantages of our political system will create a more static world than one where we just tell people `` vote for whose policies you agree with most , it is n't difficult . '', 
  yes because the ` relative advantages and disadvantages ' are incredibly subjective and the ` common consensus ' or ` conventional wisdom ' is plainly wrong . 
   so we teach people the reasons , alongside critical thinking skills , in places dedicated to educating them , and then they can make critical evaluations of these things . 
  as opposed to your system of teaching politics which is `` do n't bother teaching people the system , just tell them to vote for whose policies they agree with . '', 
  you can not teach critical thinking . 
  i suggested teaching the * mechanics * of the voting system . 
  not the political system . 
   this seems like an odd position to take when just a few comments ago your position was `` the voting system ? 
  it 's incredibly simple . 
  super simple . 
  look at policies . 
  which do you like the most ? 
  vote for them . 
  it does n't need to be taught . 
  it 's fucking basic . '', 
  and what does that have to do with this ? 
  they 're completely unrelated . 
  the electoral system vs. the political system . 
  they 're barely related at all . 
   which is why we should teach politics and civics , so people know about the different options , and the relative strengths and weaknesses ... 
  the ` relative strengths and weaknesses ' are going to just be the teachers giving their own opinions . 
   so we should just teach them nothing about politics and then what ? 
  expect them to educate themselves on political science in their free time ? 
  how 's that system working to create systemic change at the moment ? 
  so everyone should have everything they know hand-fed by the fucking state ? 
  schools are * academic institutions * . 
  they do n't teach you how to cook , how to pay tax , how to vote or how to buy things from a shop . 
  they teach you how to read , how to write , how to do effective research , and how to do basic mathematics . 
  with those skills anyone is more than capable of finding this shit out on their own . 
  that 's the point of school : giving people the skills they need to be independent adults . 
  not handing people knowledge , but giving people skills they can use to find their own knowledge . 
   a well made ceo decision can add millions to the company , create countless jobs through growth and help feed the families of those workers . 
  this is a myth . 
  there 's absolutely zero evidence that the ceo of a company actually matters , and there 's absolutely zero evidence that a company that is run like a dictatorship works better than one that is run as a democracy . 
   rather than force employers to wake up to the fact their employees need to be paid more , the government has subsidised wages for families . 
  wff does n't decrease wages or stop them from rising . 
  employers are n't going to raise wages just because their employees are struggling . 
  that 's not how it works . 
  here 's a better theory : that 's idiotic . 
  we 're more productive than we 've ever been , by a gigantic amount , and wages should be skyrocketing . 
   this is a really bad idea . 
  no it is n't . 
  forbes is a neoliberal propaganda site . 
  it 's probably the most neoliberal place on the internet . 
  of course they do n't like this idea , they 're stuck in this idiotic ` natural rate of employment ' mindset that makes zero sense . 
   when you take work off the private sector , you reduce the required labour there or manage to provide the private sector labour for even less than they would otherwise get it . 
  this literally makes no sense . 
  honestly . 
  it actually is just gibberish . 
   there 's a whole lot of unintended consequences with regarded to job guarantees . 
  everything has consequences . 
  everything has tradeoffs . 
  the tradeoffs are worth it . 
   `` planned economy '' is the worst part of socialism . 
  government job guarantees are n't fucking socialism you fool . 
   `` half the world went off down the route of planned economies where government did decide what was built , what was done , by whom and at what wage . 
  the other half , largely speaking , left that to the market . 
  when we had a peek under the covers in 1989 we found that the planned economies had got nowhere , the market ones had been steadily getting richer . 
  complete and utter myth . 
  even if we pretend that a job guarantee makes new zealand communist ( rofl , it does n't ) , the idea that communism is some sort of unworkable system that 's never functioned correctly is just objectively wrong . 
  it was in fact just as productive and successful as capitalism and much more equal . 
  the countries that were communist had corruption issues , but not because of communism . 
  they had corruption issues before then , and still do now . 
  compared to corrupt capitalist countries , they were in fact more equal and more wealthy . 
  corruption is what ruins economies , not communism . 
  and regardless , a job guarantee is n't communist at all . 
   and the difference was incredibly stark too . 
  germany was bombed flat in 1945 . 
  then one half was roughly market , the other half ( perhaps one third is more accurate ) benefited from that lovely government planning as east germany . 
  by 1989 the west was three times richer than the east -- and there are many , myself included , who would argue that that was horribly flattering to the east 's performance . 
  russia , with that longer period of planning , did worse of course . 
  and as pj o'rourke remarked , there really has to be something wrong with an economic system which manages to make germans poor . 
  more idiotic irrelevant shit . 
   plus a job guarantee can be run in a largely market-based way . 
  for example the government can act as a contractor , so decisions about what work should be done are made by clients rather than by the government . 
  this is an extremely bad idea . 
  the government forcing people to work , for the benefit of private enterprise , defeats the entire point of the system . 
  a job guarantee has two main benefits :, 
  it creates jobs to do things that are n't profitable to employ people to do, 
  it means that there 's always at least one benevolent employer , who might pay less than the minimum wage , but at least wo n't completely fuck you over . 
  there will always be a single employer , at least , that is a good fair employers with public oversight . 
  that employer then contracting out its labour to private enterprises fucks that right in the arse . 
  and to the primary benefit , which is people doing things that are n't profitable for private enterprise to do , well you also either provide cheap labour under the minimum wage to private enterprise ( which means that the government might as well just reduce the minimum wage instead ) ** or ** you do n't accomplish this point at all . 
   we can pay them a poverty wage but not take that money away if they start working , which is a ubi . 
  or we can pay them a living wage to work , which is a job guarantee . 
  it does n't matter all that much whether the work they do is worth the money we pay them . 
  if it were , someone in the private sector would probably be paying them to do it . 
  the `` work '' can be some form of training if that 's what makes sense .
