  what the fuck are you talking about ? 
  not what anyone means when they say ` african american ' though , and that 's my point : you actually * are * an african-american . 
  but people hear ` african-american ' and think ` descendent of slavery ' . 
  peter thiel is a cunt and i 'm glad i got banned from hackernews for criticising his bullshit citizenship . 
   erhaps some kind of security thing , because it 's expensive code/licence to update , or just a management thing ? 
  probably the former . 
  plus why would it need one ? 
  it 's functional . 
  i would raise all the requirements to the levels that would reduce non-nz migrants . 
  think logically for even half a second , ** please ** . 
  the only way it would require us to close entire categories of visas is if there were more than 50k visa categories . 
  and there are not . 
  we 're talking about net values . 
  requiring people to leave after a period of time instead of saying `` short term skills shortage ? 
  better give you a visa that you can almost guarantee you 'll get permanent residency with ! '', 
  will reduce net immigration by increasing non-nz emigration . 
  if we had to get rid of a category , we should entirely delete the entire concept of `` skills shortage visas '' , given that they 're just an excuse for companies to campaign for the right to import cheap labour instead of paying proper wages . 
  yes it does : do what we did then . 
  have the numbers of people that came in then . 
  that 's literally step 1 , that 's the default action . 
  i do n't know how andrew little will do it . 
  they 'll release their policy when they release their policy . 
  there 's still 5 months to go before the election , the campaigns have n't even started yet . 
  if i had to make the decision on exactly what to cut i 'd have to have a much more detailed look at the numbers , the numbers over time , etc. 
  but from the relatively broad look i 've had at the numbers ( which is still far more in-depth than the topic article ) i would start by reducing these obvious ones :, 
  * pathways to long-term residency from short-term residency ( no student visa -  work visa -  working here -  permanent residency -  bring over family -  etc. 
  * the ability for people to buy nz land without having citizenship ( a lot of demand for short-term residency is to buy property without going through foreign ownership office ), 
  * skills shortage visas ( most of these exist only because companies lobby the government to put them on the list , because they do n't want to raise wages to attract staff ), 
  * all family reunification ( come over here -  have a kid in nz -  that kid is a citizen , i want to stay now : this process is bullshit , no citizenship for people born without both parents being permanent residents or citizens ) . 
  * all unskilled workers ( new zealanders are more than capable of picking fruit ) . 
   you 've said that you do n't want your kids taught by someone that is n't a `` born and bred new zealander '' . 
  that says enough about your opinion on foreigners in of itself . 
  that 's some pretty twisted thinking from you frankly . 
   so why are we making the assumption that auckland = new zealand ? 
  nobody is . 
  i do n't even live in auckland mate . 
   you do realize not everyone is capable of working , right ? 
  people that are n't capable of working are n't included in the unemployment rate you ignorant dolt . 
   nice shift of the goalposts . 
  what the fuck does that mean ? 
  you said we ca n't predict immigration figures . 
  well , we can , we decide what they are . 
  we do n't need to predict them , we decide them . 
   and you 've already explained that you have no idea what you 're talking about . 
  well you 're an ignorant cunt that has no interest in actually discussing anything . 
  you just impose your views on others . 
  you do n't want to discuss anything specific . 
  if you disagree with someone you just say that they 're wrong instead of actually discussing specifics , because none of your stupid opinions have any real basis to them . 
  this sort of shit :, 
   i would but i do n't have enough crayons to help you understand . 
  there 's only so much i can dumb down before it becomes futile . 
  is childish and pathetic . 
  nobody is convinced by it , nobody is nodding along thinking ` haha yeah he 's right ' . 
  saying it just makes you look stupid and desperate . 
  again , if you want to actually discuss something , go ahead . 
   having different cuisines and celebrating different holidays . 
  again , foreign restaurants do n't make us multicultural . 
  we have enough public holidays as it is , and do n't need to force people to take leave on specific days because it 's diwali or whatever . 
  having a festival of lights does n't make nz multicultural . 
   having different people of different cultures living and working within our society . 
  good job kiddo , you understand what multiculturalism is at last . 
  that 's not a good or accurate description of new zealand , though . 
  maybe of auckland central , but not of anywhere else in nz . 
  you are the one saying `` are you saying auckland = new zealand ??? '', 
  in your other comment . 
   that was over a century ago , when there were two cultures . 
  now there is n't . 
  there are multiple . 
  new zealand is still bicultural . 
  there are white christians living in saudi arabia , that does n't mean it is n't monocultural . 
  the united states is monocultural . 
  australia is monocultural . 
  new zealand is happily bicultural . 
  by far , by a huge margin , new zealand culture is dominated by new zealand european and maori cultures . 
  that makes it bicultural . 
  a couple of festivals and some takeaway joints do n't change that . 
   mm , the irony is delicious . 
  firstly , new zealanders are n't a race . 
  there are various european new zealanders . 
  tongan new zealanders . 
  chinese new zealanders . 
  indian new zealanders . 
  how can i be racist against all of these people at once given that they come from different cultural and ethnic backgrounds . 
  again , quite racist for you to generalise all the european ethnicities as just ` european ' and all the chinese ethnicities as ` chinese and all the various indian ethnicities as ` indian ' , but then specifically go through and list a whole lot of specific ethnicities like maori , samoan and tongan . 
  clearly you 're polynesian and you just lump everyone that is n't into a couple of broad generalised groups due to your ignorance . 
  european is a race , but ` maori ' is not a race , it 's an ethnicity . 
  ` polynesian ' is a race , ` east asian ' is a race , ` indian ' is a race . 
  you should also at least pretend to be adult enough to understand that ` racism ' as a term includes not just bigotry based on race , but bigotry based on ethnicity , nationality and skin colour . 
   secondly , `` painting all new zealanders into a corner '' ? 
  do n't you mean `` painting all new zealanders with the same brush '' ? 
  because you 're claiming we need immigration to increase the diversity of viewpoints and ideas , which implies that people born here are n't capable of having a diversity of viewpoints . 
  that 's very racist , which is no surprise coming from someone with trump in their name . 
   again , how can i be a racist against a country where the demonym `` new zealander '' can apply to anyone born in this country regardless of their ethnicity , religion or culture ? 
  because bigotry towards nationalities is a type of racism . 
   in some respects , yes . 
  americans have a culture that is different to the british and different to us . 
  whereas we do not . 
  our culture is essentially different from british culture . 
  denying that is just ignorant . 
   only if you include unskilled labour .
