  which is different from the completely socially condoned phenomenon of movie and tv piracy how ? 
  wow vanilla is n't good because of `` nostalgia '' . 
  elysium will not be closed . 
  blizzard does n't close private servers . 
   i do n't really approve of people pirating intellectual property, 
  good thing nobody is doing that here then . 
   i 'm fairly sure that the agreement we all click through at the beginning of games governs what is appropriate usage of their intellectual property . 
  well it does n't . 
  the law does . 
  and the law says that click-through license agreements are unenforceable . 
   i was just curious as to the ways people justify the reason . 
  i know i 'm an outlier , a quaint old fashioned old man , but i was interested in what types of responses i 'd get . 
  because nobody is condoning pirating the client , and nobody is using anything of blizzard 's in the server . 
   that 's translation , rewriting the whole thing out of a different language . 
  which is literally what they did . 
  they rewrote the wow server , from scratch . 
  that 's not illegal . 
  if you can make a wow using a different code language , a different engine , and none of the models reused , like rewriting unix into linux , then sure , it 's not violating any copyright laws , but that 's just one of those `` wow-clones '' as people call them . 
  which is what they did . 
  what they did n't do is rewrite the client , because * why would we * ? 
  we 've already paid for the client . 
   an analogy would be me lending you a baseball bat , you 're allowed to use it to play baseball , but if caught hitting anyone with it or using it destructively , then i have the right to take it back and not let you loan it again . 
  that 's not true at all . 
   if i lend you a gun and you use it to commit a crime , i can be held responsible for your actions . 
  no you ca n't , unless the other person does n't have the right to have a gun . 
  it 's neither piracy nor illegal . 
  terms of service are unenforceable garbage . 
  that 's literally how it works . 
  i paid for the game . 
  it 's now my game . 
  i can do whatever i want with it . 
   so i guess from a moral standpoint , stealing is morally okay . 
  nobody is stealing anything . 
  they neither can nor should, 
   they 're breaking trademark, 
  you can not ` break trademark ' . 
  they also are n't breaking trademark * law * , at all , in any way . 
   committing copyright infringement, 
  this is grey and murky but most would agree they are not . 
  it 's entire open source code , plus some data that they bought when they bought the game themselves . 
   if you do not `` aggressively '' go after those who break trademark/copyright you will lose your rights to it . 
  that 's true * only * of trademark law , which nobody anywhere is claiming is relevant here . 
  they objectively are a good idea . 
   hijacking a game, 
  i fail to see how anybody hijacked the official wow servers . 
  all that content is part of the game that you buy . 
   i almost want to see official legacy servers just to see how many people honestly want to pay to play on official legacy servers like they say , and how many people just actually want to play wow without paying for it . 
  if runescape is anything to go by : twice as many people as play the latest version . 
  elysium core should be oss though . 
  i do n't think anyone is missing that . 
  everyone is aware of that . 
  two dots above a letter does n't have a predetermined function . 
  but if you call it an ` umlaut ' , then that means it 's two dots above a letter and it fronts a back vowel . 
  if you call it a ` diaeresis ' then it 's two dots above a letter and it clarifies that two vowels should be pronounced separately . 
  ` umlaut ' has a specific meaning , it does n't mean ` two dots above a character ' . 
  the point he was making , though , even if you disagree with what i just said , still stands . 
  do n't use the same diacritic for different things unless you are trying to be difficult . 
  well he is n't even aware of what happened . 
  it was n't dmca 'd , it was sent a cease and desist notice . 
  dmcas are an american phenomenon , and this was n't an american thing at all . 
  american law does n't apply . 
  gold does n't legally sell for cash . 
  to * actually listen * to c&d . other than a few that were foolishly hosted in the us , almost all private servers are hosted in countries where cease and desist letters are free toilet paper . 
  elysium core is not nostalrius core . 
  elysium is currently running nostalrius core , and will be switching to elysium core . 
  it 's common knowledge . 
  wow 's server code has never been leaked , so the only possible way is to write it yourself . 
  go look at the mangos repository . 
  free , open source , wow server . 
  there would be zero trouble , and they would earn twice as much money from it as they do now . 
  textures are client-side , yes . 
  not a stupid question . 
   using blizzard art assets is copyright infringement , and yes that is illegal . 
  nostalrius does n't use blizzard 's art assets . 
  your client does , which you bought from blizzard . 
  the art assets are * entirely * client-side . 
  nostalrius and elysium do n't provide the client . 
   yeah , no one is saying that they are . 
  except for blizzard themselves . 
  the word ` trademark ' does n't appear in that thread . 
   if that 's the case , nostalrius should have just taken them to court and won . 
  but they would n't have won because they know they were violating blizzards ip . 
  firstly , that 's not at all true . 
  blizzard has immense legal resources , and the reality is that the party with the most money will always win in court unless it 's completely cut and dry that the party with less money is in the right . 
   also , that `` plus some data that they bought when they bought the game themselves . '', 
  does n't mean that they have the right to use that data . 
  that requires a license which they do not have . 
  no , it does n't require a license to use it . 
  they bought the game , that game came with data , it 's their data to use as they please . 
  that 's how the sale of goods act works . 
   i do n't think elysium has had a c&d yet , but depending on where the servers are located will determine how long it survives . 
  if it 's a nation that 's lax on ip law , then might never go down . 
  the nostalrius servers were in france and france has agreed in the past with strong international ip laws . 
  which is why they went down very quickly after the c&d . 
  [ did you say `` intellectual property '' ? 
  it 's a seductive mirage . 
  ] ( https://www.gnu.org/philosophy/not-ipr.en.html ), 
  please be clear in what you mean . 
  intellectual property is a meaningless buzzword used by people that want to confuse you , like blizzard . 
  they have succeeded in doing so , by conflating trademark and copyright law and making you think that trademark law applies here and that copyright can be genericised .
