   there 's no beta . 
  no alpha . 
  no vague hints as to when there might be a beta or an alpha . 
  there 's not even a vague featureset . 
  there are no requirements . 
  there is not so much as a single screenshot . 
  it does n't even have a sodding name yet !, 
  well they will reveal that in time , obviously . 
  they just announced it like a couple of weeks ago . 
   putting `` mtg '' and `` mmorpg '' in the same sentence is literally 100 % of what exists at this point . 
  that 's because they literally just announced its existence . 
  contrary to popular belief on this forum , it 's not normal to wait to announce the existence of a product until release day when you instantly flood the world with all information that could possibly be released about it . 
   i actually ca n't think of a single regard in which this could more perfectly embody the concept of vaporware . 
  what definition of the term are you using , that this is not its absolute platonic ideal ? 
  announcing a product with not many details has literally nothing at all to do with vapourware . 
  vapourware is software that is announced , and then delayed , and delayed , and delayed , with very little evidence of any real progress . 
  it 's rewritten and redesigned and redone and delayed some more . 
  and then , eventually , it 's cancelled . 
  duke nukem forever was the quintessential vapourware . 
  it was announced , and delayed a hundred times over about 15 years . 
  of course it was eventually released , so it 's not actually vapourware anymore , but it appeared to be vapourware for a very long time . 
  if they continue to release no details , announce a release date , push it back , continue to provide no details , push it back again , etc. 
  then it 's vapourware . 
  nobody is talking about combining two random unrelated worlds !, 
  that 's not the point . 
  that 's why the person asking maro the question called it a ` strawman argument ' . 
  nobody is actually arguing that wotc should randomly combine worlds and say they 're on the same plane just for the sake of having a varied world . 
  arguing against that is easy because it 's a stupid suggestion , but it 's also pointless because nobody is suggesting it . 
  i do n't want to belabour the point , but it 's like if someone said ` you know , adding some chilli to this stew could make it tasty ' and them responding ` what are you saying , that i should serve up stew * and * curry right beside each other on one plate ? ', 
  what people * are * actually suggesting is that a single plane can be the setting of more than a single story . 
  they do all this worldbuilding , all this design , all this wonderful creative effort to tell a single story and then they leave the plane alone for 10 years . 
  and when they come back , they just go straight back to the same spot they were in last time . 
  and they kind of have to , because they design the planes as if the area they are focusing on is the whole plane . 
  they might * say * that innistrad is just one part of a bigger planet ( or that we focus on one continent on the planet innistrad , i really ca n't remember nor is it the point ) , but the way they design the world makes it infeasible to go back to innistrad to a different place in the world and say ` how does everything that 's happened on innistrad affect these people ? ', 
  the worlds they make get wasted , essentially . 
  they feel totally isolated from the next plane , and each one feels like it was invented purely to tell a single story and then thrown away . 
  they designed tarkir , and they told the story of the clans and time travel and now there are dragons , and then realised that people wanted to go back to tarkir later , and loved the clans , and they could n't !, 
  the clans were gone . 
  they designed themselves out of being able to return . 
  now i 'm sure if they really want to , they can also retcon things or invent some justification for the clans returning , but the point is that the worlds feel like they 're just a setting for telling a single story . 
  nothing about the worlds feels like it 's there for any reason but to tell this one story . 
  * they 've recognised that this makes return sets difficult , but they do n't seem to have recognised that it also makes the worlds themselves feel pretty artificial . 
  nobody is suggesting that we should have stayed on dominaria forever , or that they should never do new planes , or that they should never tell a one-off story on a one-off plane . 
  but when they went from everything being set on a single plane for a decade and then went to a paradigm of making a new plane for every single block , it felt jarring . 
  they went from this world that felt like a world , that they could n't just blow up at the end of the episode , that they had to make reasonably scaled stories in , that they had to preserve for next time , to these artificial throwaway one-off planes . 
  and yeah , that made return sets difficult . 
  they realised this with tarkir , they realised that roe made bfz difficult because people wanted return to zendikar not return to roe , they had to basically retcon the werewolf mute thing on innistrad . 
  but it did n't * just * have that effect . 
  ** that ** is what people are arguing . 
  making comments about people asking not to be downvoted is probably worse than asking not to be downvoted . 
  not that this comment is any better . 
  i think the point is precisely that people do n't want or expect them to cover all of dominaria in one set/block . 
  people want the worlds just not to seem like a once-off throwaway world created to tell a single story and then abandoned until they decide they want a return set and retcon half the story . 
  totally did n't really happen , i mean it did , but it just kind of got weaker guys . 
  werewolves are back . 
  so do n't do it in one set !, 
  google does n't define what words mean . 
  it very coarsely describes what they mean . 
  it 's not that it 's wrong , it 's just that it 's incomplete . 
  the wikipedia page has a better explanation . 
  i do n't think it 's at all fair to claim something is vapourware just because it has sparse information in its initial announcement . 
  it * might * be vapourware , but there 's little evidence yet that it is . 
  just none that it is n't . 
  stargate worlds was mmorpg vapourware . 
  announced , official forums abuzz with discussion , gradual reveal of details and screenshots and videos and then the information started trailing off . 
  months and months and months with no cancellation but sparser and sparser information . 
  then finally the company went under , but not before releasing a terrible third person shooter based on the assets of sgw . 
  people that played sgw at e3 ( or some similar event , this was 10 years ago and my memory is a bit hazy ) said that it was extremely buggy and unfinished , much less finished than they were claiming . 
  * that 's * vapourware . 
  that deck was excellent for ages . 
   wotc wants to have some ownable ip that is n't generic fantasy words like `` magic '' , and planeswalkers have been a part of the game since the start , even when it was all on dominaria . 
  i totally get that , i 'm really not saying that they should n't have multiple planes . 
  i 'm saying that the justification is , to be blunt , bullshit . 
  they did n't go to having the current structure of disconnected worlds because of some fluff at the beginning of the rulebook or the presence of the noun ` planeswalker ' in their setting . 
  they did it because they felt it was best for the long-term health of the game . 
  it 's just such a blatant and obvious load of rubbish when he claims that ` the game is all about planeswalking ' as a justification for the change to the way they make worlds in 2003 . 
  the game is ` all about planeswalking ' because they chose to focus on that and explore the multiverse in the game and its story and its mechanics . 
  the game is all about exploring new worlds , a new world every 12 months/6 months because that 's what they chose to make the game about . 
  they could be sitting there saying ` well the game is all about dominaria , so no of course we ca n't just go traipsing around the multiverse going to a bunch of totally disjointed worlds that have no connection to each other . 
  that planeswalking stuff is n't the main point , it 's just a bit of fluff in the original rules book . ', 
  they in fact would be saying that , and it would still be bullshit . 
  the idea that they make these sorts of decisions because of a bit of flavour text is silly . 
  they make these decisions because they want to have worlds that are disconnected like this . 
  the reason for that is actually interesting . 
  i do n't know what it is . 
  maybe part of it is that they felt the game needed the worlds to be more distinct and more recognisably distinct . 
  a benefit of that could be that if they make mistakes they can tie those mistakes more to the identity of the world than to the game as a whole ? 
  mirrodin was a massive mistake , but kamigawa was a totally different setting , and obviously nothing to do with mirrodin , so do n't expect those sorts of mistakes again , of course . 
  that 's purely theoretical , but you see what i mean ? 
  these are the real sorts of reasons they make these decisions . 
  they wanted the worlds to feel totally distinct , memorable , and unique . 
  that 's fine , that 's what they wanted . 
  they did n't want an overarching story that tied them all together , okay , that 's at least a justification . 
  `` it 's all about planeswalking '' is post-hoc . 
   we went from dominaria to this paradigm after scourge , which was released 14 years ago . 
  sticking to dominaria is the minority of magic 's history, 
  yeah , it is , and i 'm not saying we should go back to that , or that it worked well . 
  having a bunch of totally isolated and disconnected stories on dominaria was also silly , but at least they had some impact on the world as a whole . 
  ice age was an ice age of all of the world , it did impact the world in whole . 
  again , nobody 's saying ` we should go back to every world just being a continent of dominaria ' .
