  two nukes was not enough, 
  what does that have to do with anything ? 
  women could vote . 
  more women could have voted . 
   he did n't needlessly damage a relationship with another country, 
  our relationship with israel was n't ` needlessly ' damaged . 
  it was damaged because israel is a state that is fucking genociding palestinians while the world just sits there and watches , because you ca n't criticise israel without being called anti-semitic . 
   reckon he 's an idiot , same with may . 
  you 're an idiot . 
  corbyn is not . 
   corbyn is an `` ex '' communist, 
  he 's a socialist , has always been a socialist , and probably will always be a socialist . 
  that does n't make him an idiot , far from it . 
   i like jews they are fine people . 
  no , they are n't . 
  this is n't anti-semitic . 
  it 's just neutral . 
  saying things like ` jews they are fine people ' . 
  well , compared to whom ? 
  what kind of idiotic generalisation are you making ? 
  of course , what you 're actually doing is pre-empting being called anti-semitic for criticising israel . 
  do n't do that . 
  let them call you anti-semitic , and then block them on reddit so you never have to see their idiotic comments ever again . 
   but the real problem is that this rampant muslim antisemitism pre-dates israel ... 
  not * really * . 
  the ottoman empire , for example , was very much open to non-muslims , including jews . 
  historically , muslim empires have been pretty tolerant of jews . 
  the ` rampant muslim antisemitism ' is really anti-zionism . 
  and who is n't anti-zionist ? 
   having a negative opinion of a political system which has killed millions of people makes you an idiot now ? 
  political systems do n't kill people . 
  ` socialism ' has never killed anyone . 
   let 's see how uk goes as a socialist state . 
  it 's done so well for venezuela . 
  oh let me guess , not true socialism ? 
  venezuela would be in a terrible economic position no matter what political system it had . 
  it was in a shit economic position before and it will be in a shit economic position for the forseeable future . 
  and actually , no , ` not true socialism ' is basically the opposite of my view on this one . 
  just because you are a socialist , that does n't mean you want to immediately go towards a classless society with no money and equal everything for everyone instantly . 
  it 's perfectly possible to be a moderate socialist , to want gradual change for the better . 
  revolutionary socialism is not the only form of socialism , it is n't 1917 , it 's 2017 . 
   hopefully warm up new zealand, 
  all i can imagine now is a campaign called ` hopefully warm up new zealand ' where a whole lot of minor celebrities just say hopeful things and rub their hands together for warmth in some tv advert psas . 
  just say fuck it and get a humidifier . 
  you 'll probably need it in the next place you 're in as well , alas . 
  no fuck that . 
  insulation schemes ? 
  fuck that . 
  landlords are making a killing at the moment , with massive capital gains , and you want to subsidise them ? 
  they should invest those god damn capital gains back into their shitty little houses . 
   just making a law saying that the homes the majority of renters are living in will no longer be legal . 
  they already are n't . 
  ever hear of a building at 100 % of the earthquake building code in wellington , for example ? 
  no , did n't think so . 
  millions of buildings in nz are well below code . 
   it will be a requirement by 2019 for landlords to have adequate insulation in new zealand . 
  will it ? 
  or will it be a requirement by 2019 for landlords to have a very shitty , baseline level of insulation that should have been mandatory 50 years ago ? 
   and here we are , nearing 2020 and people are worried how much their power bill in the winter is going to be . 
  if we did n't waste an entire massive power station on keeping a couple of hundred jobs going in southland , we would n't have power supply issues . 
  it 's just a moronic trade off , that smelter . 
   i get that we 're not a high income country, 
  we 're not exactly poor . 
  we 're a lot richer now than a lot of today-richer countries were 50 years ago , and they had proper insulation then . 
  it really has nothing to do with class . 
  even rich peoples ' homes are fucking cold in nz . 
   and provide subsidies alongside improving the buy cost of materials, 
  i disagree with this entirely . 
  landlords already get an incredible beneficial tax situation , and are getting great returns on their investments . 
  why should the taxpayer pay for their insulation ? 
  insulate it . 
  i do n't care if they do n't have easy access . 
  make access . 
  god that looks disgusting . 
  what they should do is just build a proper city there . 
  in that much space , if you built at the density of somewhere like central paris , you could literally build a small city . 
  that 's what nz needs . 
  jews are as safe anywhere in the west as they are in their stolen land of israel . 
  is n't that sort of their problem , then ? 
  i dunno , maybe we should do something to deal with supermarkets . 
  their sales are probably anti-competitive , as they 're not possible for smaller businesses to compete with . 
  i was a mod of / r/wildstar before it released and i played it on release a ton . 
  i gave it many chances . 
  i got through the terrible levelling hoping the endgame would be good . 
  but it was n't . 
  pre-ordering means buying a product before it is * done * and * released * . 
  what stage of production it 's in is n't really relevant . 
  nothing . 
  some of us are n't american . 
   and hymn does n't matter when the fair decks force the game into a mid-range grind fest . 
  i do n't know anyone that has hymned their opponent 's only two lands and won the game without their opponent playing a single card , that has n't wanted to play hymn in every deck they 've ever played ever again . 
  not rug or canadian . 
  i would only add necropotence to legacy if you were n't allowed to run it in the same deck as tendrils of agony . 
  travelling overseas to play card games is n't exactly easy when a flight to the us costs as much as a deck, 
  15 copies . 
  worldly tutor + gsz + living wish + druids, 
  necropotence is a tps staple in vintage , but that 's a much slower deck than ant . 
  you ca n't really tutor for necro without dumping your hand , though . 
  god that would be broken . 
  / / the kill,
