  it was interactive . 
  it was fair . 
  it was something you could put into any deck . 
  bug counter/top , bant counter/top , etc. 
  the issue was terminus . 
  terminus was unfair . 
  a board sweeper should not be a mana-efficient way to kill * any creature in the game * . 
  and yet terminus is a mana-efficient way to kill a * single * creature . 
  that 's ridiculous . 
  terminus is an unfair , bannable card . 
  counterbalance/top is an important , format-defining , integral part of legacy as a format . 
  it 's been here for a long time . 
  a 1-mana instant speed wrath absolutely is busted , though , that 's why miracles was the best deck in the format for 3 years . 
  the moment terminus was printed and put into decks with top , miracles became the best deck in the format and continued to be the best deck in the format * continuously * until top was banned . 
  counterbalance/top was never oppressive in the format . 
  terminus was and is . 
  if the current miracles deck is n't the best deck in the format , it is n't because terminus is suddenly bad . 
  it 's because the rest of the deck is n't good enough . 
  and that sucks , because the rest of the deck is * uw control * as a shell . 
  that the best thing to do in uw control is play terminus and entreat the angels , * even without top * , is retarded . 
  ad nauseam tendrils with 4 black lotus and 4 demonic tutor is indeed a busted deck . 
  ant is probably the best deck in the format , certainly it 's the best combo deck in the format , and in a vacuum is definitely the best deck in legacy . 
  ant is basically the only deck in legacy that is n't a reaction to the meta . 
  ant is , at level 0 , the best thing to be doing . 
  ant could beat any deck in any weaker format . 
  there are decks in legacy that could n't . 
  there are lots of decks in legacy that would struggle against something like the abzan midrange decks from ths/ktk standard . 
  grixis delver , dragon stompy , etc. 
  but terminus is still what should have been banned . 
  terminus warped the format in two ways : it pushed out decks that were bad against terminus and it pushed out all other uw control decks and all other counterbalance/top decks . 
  before terminus , there were many ways to play control and many ways to play counter/top . 
  but after terminus , all of those decks went away and were replaced with miracles . 
  why play uw control and not play the best sweeper in the format , which does n't constrain your deck at all . 
  oh , you * have * to play brainstorm and the best disruption package in the format ? 
  oh poor you . 
  this is what i hate about deathrite shaman too . 
  it 's powerful to the extent that it should stop you from being able to do something . 
  chalice is powerful but that 's fine because it 's meaningfully symmetric . 
  chalice decks ca n't play brainstorm or ponder or lightning bolt or swords to plowshares or deathrite shaman , not really . 
  you can kind of play those cards , but they 're much worse when you have chalice in your deck . 
  dark ritual and lotus petal and mox diamond and such are really powerful acceleration , but your deck has to be able to cope with the card disadvantage . 
  liliana of the veil is an insanely good planeswalker , but bb is a real cost . 
  at 2b , liliana would be a stupid , imbalanced , overly good card . 
  at 1bb , she is n't . 
  if hymn were 1b , it should be banned , imo , but if you want to play it you have to really be a very black deck . 
  you ca n't really play a ub control deck with a resilient basic-heavy manabase and hymn and liliana for example . 
  that 's balance . 
  stifles do protect your creatures , in two ways :, 
  * firstly , they protect manlands , which are excellent in standstill . 
  * secondly , ` stifle your fetch , untap , land , standstill ' wins games , having good turn 1 spells is really important in standstill decks, 
  * thirdly , if your opponent ca n't cast their removal spells they ca n't kill your creatures . 
   that being said , i would rather play ur delver over mono u delver ( so that i can close out the game with burn ) and above both of those i would rather play grixis delver . 
  ur delver is as good as grixis delver . 
  grixis delver is a clunky midrange deck with clunky cards like young pyromancer . 
  when they work they work but it 's not a tempo deck and it 's not really comparable at al. 
  ninja of the deep hours is a cool card . 
  what i suggest is that you abandon the faeries theme and just play ninja of the deep hours and manlands . 
  using ninja on manlands is very nice . 
  it 's win-win . 
  if they kill it , you draw 3 . 
  if they do n't kill it , you draw an extra card every turn . 
   yea its a massive effective beater ( usually ) , but thats really all it is . 
  people have said this for years . 
  that does n't mean it 's bad . 
  it 's fucking 4/5 for 1g by turn 3 most of the time . 
  it 's insanely good . 
  it 's certainly much better in multiples than those * awful * delve creatures . 
  led dredge is a fun deck and most of the value is in led . 
  it 's also much , much more fun when it is n't your only deck and you can bring it along to your lgs when people have forgotten about it . 
  d&t is mono-white . 
  a couple of people doing okay on mtgo does n't change that . 
  mtgo is a small meta dominated by a dozen or two dozen people that play very frequently , and one or two good players switching decks can have a big impact on the results . 
  it 's honestly not much more representative of legacy than a metagame like melbourne or something . 
  i 'm not sure that tarmogoyf dying to removal is anything new either . 
  true-name nemesis is an insane card , do n't get me wrong , and it 's definitely scarier than a tarmogoyf , and is bed-wettingly frightening with a batterskull attached . 
  an unkillable 7/5 with lifelink and vigilance . . wtf . 
  do n't be a twat . 
  we do n't take human rights away from people accused of murder . 
  we take away certain freedoms from people convicted of murder . 
  may is proposing taking away human rights from people * accused * of terrorism . 
   this is the big weakness of a sovereign parliament , and why pretty much no other countries have parliaments with this much power - we have minimal protections against an over-reaching majority government . 
  new zealand does as well . 
  and it works . 
  parliamentary sovereignty is a good thing . 
  it 's much , much better than the us , where they have ridiculously stupid shit enshrined in their constitution . 
  i 'd drop all the creatures other than ninja of the deep hours ( and maybe vendilion clique , as that 's a nice card to have as a one-of in this format ) . 
  i think you should decide if you want to play a tempo game or a controlling game . 
  if you want to play a controlling game , drop the creatures and play landstill . 
  if you want to play a tempo game , keep the ninja , add wastelands , add mishra 's factory , add two more stifle , add delver . 
  imo you should probably add bolt and volcanics but if you want to play mono-blue you can , it 's just harder to deal with creatures ( but you get b2b ) . 
  it 's established wisdom that 17 blue cards is the minimum for force . 
  i think that removal was single-target already . 
  unless you mean terminus , which still exists in a tier 1 deck called miracles which apparently is still alive . 
  brainstorm is in blue 's colour pie though . 
  red : burn, 
  white : sideboard cards, 
  black : cards with ' - ' in their rules text, 
  green : cards with ' + ' in their rules text, 
  blue : good cards, 
  people who want to evolve their society at some point .
