   cutting income taxes ? 
  only on the poor, 
   reducing immigration ? 
  nats are the only party that does n't want this, 
   removing excessive testing in schools ? 
  which nats introduced , thus left-wing policy, 
  * cough * john key * cough *, 
   in this instance we talking about gst and gst alone as income tax and gst are independent from each other . 
  the point that i am highlighting is that people who pay 100k gst per year are charged gst at the same rate as those who pay only 10k gst . 
  in other words the marginal rate stays at 15 % . 
  thus gst alone is not regressive , ( as it is mathematically impossible for flat taxes to be either progressive/regressive ) yet i am not saying it is a great tax or anything but i 'm not going to call it something it 's not . 
  again , not true . 
  if you earn more money , you pay less gst per dollar you earn every time you earn an extra dollar . 
  it 's regressive . 
   income plays no role in how much gst you pay for on a $ 2 candy bar . 
  but it * does * play a role in what proportion of your income you spend , and thus what portion of your income goes to gst . 
   a progressive tax system may charge those who pay 50k gst at a 20 % rate and 5 % for those who pay $ 1k . 
  a regressive tax system would have a rate of 50 % for those who pay $ 1k gst and 5 % rate for gst for those who pay 100k gst per year . 
  no , a regressive system would be what we already have . 
  i did n't say the gst rate was regressive . 
  i said that it is a regressive tax , because it regressively costs the poor more than the rich as a proportion of income . 
  they are though . 
  the current national party literally has ** zero ** good policies . 
   selling state assets is almost always considered right-wing . 
  tvnz is n't a state asset . 
  it 's a right-wing think tank at this point . 
  many people across the spectrum agree one good solution would be to sell tvnz and promote maori tv instead . 
   cutting income taxes - regardless on whether they are on the rich or poor is also considered economically right . 
  not in nz . 
  cutting overall government revenue and spending is right-wing , increasing overall revenue and spending is left-wing . 
  moving tax burden more onto the rich by lowering taxes on the poor is not right-wing . 
   removing bloat from public section is again a right wing policy . 
  excessive testing in schools is not ` public service bloat ' , it 's moronic national party right-wing ideological policy that exists because national hates teachers and does n't trust them to teach . 
  the law disagrees with you . 
  if driving to work were work , you would be paid for it . 
  some people drive as a job , they are paid to drive , if they had driving expenses they 'd be tax deductible . 
  taxi drivers ' fuel costs are business expenses , for example . 
  driving to work is not considered a business expense . 
  wearing clothes to work is not considered a business expense . 
  if you needed special clothing for work ( not just formal , but a special uniform or safety gear ) this would be required to be provided by your workplace . 
  if your house is your place of work then you can deduct some expenses . 
  see fringe benefit tax . 
  complicated area , though . 
   also see this, 
  which says exactly what i said : `` many people sell things they no longer want or need . 
  usually , there are no tax consequences . 
  however , people who sell things on a regular basis may be regarded as being in business and should be declaring the sales for income tax purposes . '', 
  to reiterate , selling things is only taxable if it 's done as a business . 
  flipping cars for profit is a business , selling the family car is not . 
  this is not because it 's small-scale but because it 's qualitatively different . 
   a ) that only applies after 5 % threshold . 
  hence my second sentence . 
   b ) if you have more electorate support than your share of the party vote enables an overhang results . 
  do n't say that can not happen to a `` major party '' as labour only has 4 or 5 member seats currently . 
  labour has essentially * zero * chance of this happening though , because their share of the party vote correlates well with their share of the electorate vote ( adjusted for the electorate in question , obviously ) . 
  as a result , labour will only in any realistic scenario only get 5 or 6 more electorates if it has a * much * bigger share of the party vote . 
  rnz did some analysis of this a while ago , but i do n't have a link on hand . 
  correct , i am something of a god . 
  i did n't say there was anything wrong with voting for a small party . 
  i said that the view that a vote for a small party is * worth more to that party * than a vote for a large party is worth to that party is ( mathematically ) wrong . 
  a vote for a party that goes below the threshold is absolutely a wasted vote if you have any preferences among the larger parties . 
  if you really , genuinely dislike every other party * equally * ( which many people say but * almost nobody * actually means ) then sure , voting and them getting < 5 % is not a waste . 
  but if you ( for example ) hate national , then voting for alcp or something that has no chance of getting 5 % * is * a waste , because you 're essentially not voting and you should prefer to vote for anyone other than national over not voting if you hate national . 
   even drawing a giant phallus on your ballot is n't a wasted vote . 
  i disagree . 
  for the few people that disagree with democracy , maybe , but for people that ` just ca n't be bothered ' or ` hate them all equally ' i can assure you that many of those same people will complain if national gets a fourth term . 
   and i am pointing out that the law is unfair . 
  no you are n't . 
  you 're claiming it 's unfair but with no basis , at the same time as not understanding what a business expense is . 
   why should a person be discriminated against like this ? 
  nobody is being discriminated against . 
  driving to work is n't working . 
  do you get paid to drive to work ? 
  should you be paid to drive to work ? 
  so driving to work is not working . 
  so costs associated with it are n't business expenses . 
  please explain to me the problem with that , rather than just saying it 's unfair again . 
   it should be . 
  [ clothing ], 
  you have to buy clothing whether you are going to work or not . 
  you have to buy lunch whether you go to work or not . 
  buying lunch is n't a business expense ( entertaining clients is , because you would n't entertain clients otherwise ) . 
  you would still drive places , and wear clothes , and need a house , if you did n't work . 
  they 're not business activities . 
   i do n't have shelter i ca n't work . 
  your home has nothing to do with your work , unless you work there , in which case it * is * partially ( see fringe benefits tax ) a deductible business expense . 
  whether you personally feel that you need a home to be able to work , you do n't work from your home , it is n't your workplace , and so its costs are n't business costs . 
  this is n't ` unfair ' . 
  it 's entirely fair . 
  do you expect your job to pay for your housing ? 
  do you expect your job to pay for your clothing ? 
  do you expect your job to pay for your food ? 
  do you expect your job to pay for your transport to work ? 
  so food , clothing , transport and housing are n't business . 
  they are personal . 
  personal things are n't tax-deductible because they are your spending . 
  buying a tv or a car or a shirt or some petrol is n't tax-deductible because tax is on * income * . 
  only sort of technically though, 
  i understand that the gst * tax rate * is flat , but its * effect * is regressive wrt . 
  income .
