  vr is a scam . 
  it will be a failure , just like every other attempt at it before . 
  it is not necessary for mmos to be immersive . 
  there have been immersive mmos before . 
   screeps : an rts programming game , where the tick rate is around 4 seconds . 
  main server will have a little more than 2,000 people each month that start playing ( and around a thousand that are effective at posting a score ) . 
  each person is a potential threat , actual diplomacy , and ffa pvper that is n't just a beat down ( requires actual skill , risk , and investment so it limits who can actually fight ) . 
  fun game , sure . 
  but it 's nothing like uo . 
  what is so wrong with wanting a proper , sandbox , 2d , isometric mmorpg ? 
  one that is n't totally combat-focused . 
  skill-based , not level-based . 
  not mmodcgs like we get now . 
  who cares ? 
  this guy is such an arsehole on stream . 
  people in bars receiving abuse . . in liverpool ? 
  well i bloody never . 
   questing, 
  i love runescape 's quests . 
  i do n't like the grindy quests of wow because they turn grinding and questing ( which are fun on their own ) into something that is n't fun . 
  it 's directed , hand-holding gameplay . 
   grind, 
  is it grind if you enjoy it ? 
  he said quite clearly that they want to remain in the single market if that 's what 's best for britain . 
  by that logic it should n't apply to any manifesto promises that affect any electorates that did n't vote tory . 
  lgblm, 
  watch the interview, 
  yes he did . 
  he said that labour 's policy was a jobs-first brexit , which might or might not include staying in the single market . 
  what an awful comparison . 
  `` delivers proportional representation government '' is nonsensical garbage . 
  why is the word ` government ' there ? 
  it 's utterly irrelevant . 
  proportional representation is not necessarily a good thing . 
  single member constituencies are * not * a bad thing , why are they in red ? 
  using a party list is not necessarily bad , why is it in red ? 
  i do n't like them , but i do n't think they should be in red . 
  ` uses multimember constituencies ' is the same thing as ` single member constituency mp ' . 
  it should be one column that says ` constituencies ' and has three options : none , single-member , multi-member . 
  ` wasted votes ' : ` not many ' should say ` no ' . 
  and mmp does have wasted votes , contrary to what this says . 
  it has a party vote threshold . 
  ` one type of mp ' how is this important ? 
  ` simple vote ' - why are they all ` yes ' ? 
  ranking candidates is clearly not simple . 
  why are some ` yes ' but grey ? 
  that 's awful . 
  what does it even mean ? 
  ` simple count ' - who cares ? 
  ` simple to understand ' - all of them are simple enough if you learn them , all of them are complex if you do n't . 
  ` simple ' does n't mean ` what we currently have ' . 
  it seems simple because you 've had it all your life . 
  the idea that the salisbury convention would apply to england-only legislation , because the tories got a majority in england , makes no sense . 
  if that were reasonable , then the salisbury convention should also apply to any scottish legislation in the 10 constituencies they got a plurality in , in scotland . 
  and brexit should apply to england and wales , but not to scotland or northern ireland . 
  it 's just bloody stupid . 
  that 's not how the system works . 
  the uk is a unitary state . 
  the house of commons is the lower house for the * whole country * . 
   what about the dup is `` terrorist '' in the same way the ira was terrorist ? 
  are they a paramilitary group ? 
  yes . 
  yes they are . 
   well if ur not pulling player bases from other established games are you really appealing to the general mmorpg market ? 
  no , you 're appealing to people that like the game you want to produce . 
  the sort of people that liked uo and classic runescape are not playing wow or ffxiv or gw2 . 
  they 're totally different games . 
  we 're not looking for an mmorpg if by ` mmorpg ' you mean mmodcg ( mildly multiplayer online dungeon crawling game ) like world of warcraft . 
  the former leader of the dup was literally pictured holding a kalashnikov . 
  what , you think someone photoshopped it ? 
   the dup evolved from the protestant unionist party and has historically strong links to the protestant free presbyterian church of ulster , the church paisley founded . 
  for most of its history , the dup was the smaller of the two large unionist parties , the larger being the ulster unionist party ( uup ) . 
  the dup has also traditionally been seen as the more hardline or loyalist of the two . 
  during the troubles , the dup opposed attempts to resolve the conflict that would involve sharing power with irish nationalists/republicans , and rejected attempts to involve the republic of ireland in northern ireland affairs . 
  it campaigned against the sunningdale agreement of 1974 , the anglo-irish agreement of 1985 , and the good friday agreement of 1998 . 
  ** in the 1980s , the party was involved in attempts to create a paramilitary movement , which culminated in ulster resistance . 
  ( emphasis mine ), 
  and some people earn a lot more than that . 
  the average person should be tax-negative . 
  the rich can more than afford to make that happen . 
  it 's as close as sinn fein is . 
  not bad ... could be a thing in deathblade ? 
  if you think lingering souls is good , think about lingering souls tokens with sofai ... 
  the uk will leave the eu under labour . 
  that does n't mean that the uk is guaranteed to stay in the single market under labour . 
  that does n't mean that the uk is guaranteed not to stay in the single market under labour . 
  it always does . 
  none of these systems are forced to be anything . 
  you could use a totally different separate system . 
  but mmp is mmp and mmp has a threshold . 
  he 's just sarcastic and rude in my experience . 
  not mmorpg-related, 
  posted by the streamer, 
  or play runescape , where the quests are good on their own terms . 
   likewise , having a mechanism to bully non-eurozone firms out of euro clearing services leaves the eu open to antitrust accusations . 
  that 's the most ludicrous , idiotic shit i 've read on this subreddit in a while , and there are * ukip voters * here . 
  kickstarter objectively does n't produce enough money to fund traditional aaa mmorpgs . 
  not even * close * . 
   you ca n't `` pre-order '' something that does n't exist yet . 
  that 's literally the entire point of all preordering .
