  not sure why that 's relevant to standard 's power level , given that that would be possible with any tribe if they had a fucking sol land for their tribe in modern . 
   and one of the best black kill spells ever being printed . 
  fatal push is a good card . 
  quite , quite irrelevant to standard 's power level . 
   and treasure cruise , a card so good that burn decks started running it before it was banned in every format it could be banned in . 
  and was barely played in standard . 
  but they are * simply wrong * . 
  standard has been really consistently awful since they got rid of one-mana acceleration , underpowered removal , etc. 
  they 've * admitted this * , at least in terms of answers . 
  they 've said that the pendulum swung too far towards threats and they made answers too weak . 
  right , but that 's the issue . 
  not that you fight monsters constantly . 
   right , just joking but edh/commander allowing alpha lands make top tier ones cost 1k just in landbase . 
  they 're almost totally unnecessary . 
   then again the dual lands of current sets are usually 30 $ each of viable x 4 . 
  a black lotus is probably cheaper then playing standard when most competitive decks are 200-600 bucks . 
  black lotus is worth $ 3000 + . 
  so i do n't think so . 
   with modern being more expensive then standard deck when their land base is usually 30 $ each but you might as well but all the important dual lands as all it needs is one card where they did n't think a couple sets behind to change the meta making that card and it 's counters jack up in price . 
  it 's misleading to say ` this deck is $ 1000 and this other deck is $ 800 and this other deck is $ 600 , so to get all three would cost $ 2400 ' , because staples like dual lands can be played in every deck . 
  that 's why they 're expensive . 
  once you have them building any particular deck is fairly cheap . 
   gw2 is n't an open world , every zone is a seperate instance that allows as max of 120 players at any time . 
  that 's called phasing , and is done for performance reasons . 
  every mmorpg does that . 
  no , they would lose all credibility , given the polls , and would look like cowards . 
  no , lcg is not an ` idea registered to ffg ' . 
  you ca n't trademark or copyright ideas . 
  the literal term ` lcg ' is theirs and nothing else . 
  your implication was that nobody but ffg can make lcgs . 
  that 's quite false . 
  the word * massive * is n't in mmorpg . 
  it 's * massively * . 
  the point is n't that they are multiplayer online rpgs that are massive . 
  the point is that they are only rpgs that are * massively multiplayer * . 
  hundreds , thousands of players at once . 
   this is just patently untrue . 
  in 1996-1999 , nzf got 17 seats , and was in coalition with national . 
  in the 1999 election , they lost 12 seats . 
  in 1999-2002 , alliance got 10 seats , and was in coalition with labour . 
  they ended up splitting due to ` perceived `` subservience '' to labour ' , into progressives and alliance . 
  the progressives got 2 seats in 2002 , while alliance got none . 
  in 2002-2005 , the progressive and united future parties had 2 and 8 seats , and propped up the labour minority government . 
  in the 2005 election , united future lost 5 seats and the progressive party lost 1 . 
  in 2005-2008 , labour governed with support from nzfirst , united future , the greens and the progressive party . 
  in 2008 , the greens ( who had only been in confidence and supply , not a coalition ) gained 3 seats , but united future and progressive stayed at 1 seat each and ** nzfirst lost all seven of their seats . 
  in 2008-2011 , national governed with a coalition of united future and act . 
  in 2011 , act lost four seats ( down to 1 ) and united future stayed at 1 . 
  in 2011-2014 , national governed with confidence and supply from united future and act and the maori party . 
  in 2014 , the maori party lost a seat , and act and united future both continued to drop in the party vote . 
  new zealand has n't had a majority government since the introduction of mmp . 
  in all cases , every party that has entered into a coalition or a confidence and supply agreement has had a drastically worse result after the election , with ** one ** exceptions : the greens gained 3 seats in 2008 . 
  even parties that retained their single electorate seat dropped in the party vote . 
  it clearly is not patently untrue . 
   nzf remain relevant in nz politics and may have the kingmaker role this year . 
  nzf lost a lot of support after that election and have built back up again through 9 years of opposition . 
   the maori party are still a regular feature of parliament and government . 
  the maori party is really a collection of electorate mps rather than a party . 
  the maori electorates are very odd . 
  labour 's maori electorate mps are n't even on their party list this year . 
  and they have dropped seats , and are predicted to drop more this year . 
   the alliance splintered and much of their support became the green party . 
  they splintered due to being seen as being controlled by labour . 
   act and united future are marginal these days , but why would it not hold true that in an era where national were headed by a guy that was one of nz 's most popular pms that votes would not be captured from those two parties ? 
  that 's my point . 
  either they are blamed for the larger party 's policies and disliked , or they are essentially absorbed into that party . 
  why vote for act outside of your epsom electorate vote , when you can just vote for national instead ? 
  why vote for united future outside of voting for peter dunne ? 
  why vote for the maori party , which consistently gets overhang seats , making their party votes literally just wasted votes . 
   what mmp has resulted in is about 92-96 % of votes cast actually having meaning to them in that they have contributed to a seat in parliament . 
  there are fringe cases like the conservative party that got 4 % of the vote and no seats but that 's not a failing of anything , but instead a personal opinion about where the cutoff points should be set . 
  single-issue national parties should n't get representation , in my opinion . 
  regional broad-basis full-manifesto parties that could in theory run a government with a majority , who have a position on all the important issues . 
  ukip got what they wanted without ever getting more than one mp . 
  you can say they got 12.6 % and this is unfair that they only got one mp , but it 's not a proportional system and it 's not trying to be . 
  party lists give party whips far too much power in a system where power is already heavily , heavily concentrated in the front bench of the ruling party . 
  they got 3.8 million votes , the uk declared article 50 , they got 600k votes . 
  if they had got seats it would have just been unnecessary disruption to parliament . 
  a whole lot of people would have lost their jobs in parliament for two years only to regain them again immediately . 
  people did n't want ukip mps in parliament . 
  they wanted to leave the eu . 
  how many times do i have to fucking say it ? 
  i 'm not talking about the quality of the top eight cards in the fucking set . 
  every set has a couple of ridiculous cards . 
  that 's not the damn point . 
  i 'm talking about the overall power level of standard . 
  draft i mean, 
  but they have n't patented them . 
  you ca n't patent ` sell people a load of cards in a box ' . 
  it 's a pretty simple , obvious idea . 
  expensive cards that can go in any deck . 
   you 're aware that the root of massively is massive , right ? 
  in either case the word is an adjective describing scale . 
  do n't be trite , it does n't suit you . 
  of course i 'm aware of that . 
  the point is that the term is massively multiplayer online role playing game , not massive . 
  the reason is that it 's an adverb modifying ` multiplayer ' , quite intentionally . 
  this is n't me being pedantic . 
  it 's an important point . 
  lots of people in the thread that was linked in the op used ` massive ' as a justification for calling things like cs : go mmos : they 're massive , right ?
