  or make the whole game interesting ... 
   it 's still mind boggling how fffxiv did n't let you jump , and had to place retainers in wards to stand around selling things . 
  the jumping is silly , sure . 
  but placing shopkeepers or stalls is a thing many players definitely would like to be in more games . 
  making the economy more interactive instead of just using an auction house makes mmorpgs better . 
   for example , these days it literally takes 10-12 hours on average to level 1-50 ( without side activities . ), 
  which is 10-12 hours too long , because it 's still really boring . 
  and it totally misses the point . 
  people do n't hate the levelling because it takes ages , but because it 's boring as shit . 
  it 's not that the game should have more slots , but that it should have more options in what to put in those slots . 
   there were a lot of real problems with wildstar , but you seem to be nitpicking issues that are n't really problems . 
  the little things are really important though . 
  this is n't just polish stuff . 
  it 's fundamental stuff . 
  class design is really important . 
  people put a lot of time and energy into a character . 
  if it is n't fun that time is wasted . 
  and it 's a big thing to change . 
   it 's not . 
  standard is supposed to constantly change, 
  i did n't say it was n't meant to change . 
  i said that it was n't meant to just be block mechanic vs. block mechanic . 
  the new cards are meant to supplement and mix with the existing cards . 
  they support each other . 
  rather than playing 40 nonland cards from new sets , you play 25 nonland cards from new sets and 15 nonland cards from core sets . 
  most people would consider it really fucking weird if they stopped reprinting basic lands , right ? 
  or if they had different basic lands in every set . 
  the idea of having no core set cards , no incinerate , no bolt , no mana leak , no smelt , no llanowar elves , etc. . . that 's a similar sort of feeling . 
  the core sets support the new sets , as well . 
  block mechanics do n't tend to be dense enough to support a whole deck . 
  but they can be if there are enough generic cards to fill in the gaps . 
  core sets help with this . 
   not have the ever changing elements consistently overshadowed by things that always stay the same ... 
  i did n't say overshadow . 
  maybe actually read my fucking post ? 
   wizards has developed standard this way for a really long time , so i 'm pretty sure that 's how standard is intended to be, 
  wizards got rid of the core set extremely recently . 
   also , how many lgs would be hurt by the lack of a singles market ? 
  none of them . 
  no lgs anywhere near me sells singles . 
  people just draft for fnm . 
  they make more money doing this than selling singles . 
  singles take up space and time and effort . 
  everyone just buys them online anyway . 
  if it 's drafted , because it 's fun to draft . 
  if it 's a non-booster-based set , then because you want to use those cards in decks . 
  i did n't say `` uo would be amazing if a really shitty version of it were released today '' . 
  they do , but they have genuinely expensive materials . 
  magic cards do not . 
  dictionary definitions do n't win arguments . 
   i think the only way out of the quagmire caused by the reserved list is to get creative with the solutions to the problem , by working around them . 
  no , the only way to get out of the quagmire caused by the reserved list is to get rid of it , which they could do . 
  they do n't need creativity . 
  okay ? 
  my point was not that nobody sells singles , but that nobody has to sell singles . 
  there are other viable models . 
  most stores in the eu do n't even care about mtg . 
  board games are * way * more popular . 
   then where are you coming up with your personal definition of a hobby ? 
  it 's the one everyone uses except , apparently , the americans on reddit . 
  quoting half a sentence out of context is how you spread misinformation . 
  it 's not a ` form of microinvestment ' . 
  it 's a preorder . 
  that 's what everyone treats it as . 
  you pay , you are promised something in the future , you get it . 
  investments let you get part of the profit . 
  this does n't . 
  you are just paying for a product early . 
  they have n't changed anything significantly in the 20 + years they 've operated the game . 
  it 's been basically the same model for more than 20 years . 
  they changed a couple of things very , very early and it 's been essentially the same thing every set since . 
  the probability that they got it right then and are at the exact equilibrium is very low . 
  and i do n't need a source for the claim that wotc is conservative . 
  it 's very , very well known . 
   and so i start over , and i end up doing the same content i 've already done before ( once before , twice before , five times before ... ) and i burn out on the game even faster . 
  then i revisit it a year and a half later and the cycle begins anew . 
  yeah i had this problem when i first started with the altitis in wow . 
  have a main character , be a teenager and play it too much and get burnt out , start new character . 
  play it until level 20ish , decide i do n't really like mage , create another new character . 
  play that until level 10ish , playing through the same content , do it again and again and again and oh god i hate wow now . 
  you say of course , but i do n't think you 've ever worked for this sort of company . 
  they just do n't operate that way . 
  that 's not how they do things . 
  if they got that data , what would they do ? 
  totally change their business model ? 
  no , these companies are slow to change , and very conservative . 
  they have a profitable business model . 
  maybe they could make more , but they could also make less . 
  they do n't want to risk it . 
  can you blame them ? 
  the reason the house voted 2/3 for an election 6 weeks ago is that labour knew they 'd look like cowards if they said no . 
  the same thing will happen here . 
  the conservatives will look like utter cowards if they vote down a snap election . 
  do n't be a moron . 
  no , ethereal armor is not a creature enchantment . 
  it 's just an enchantment . 
  under the current rules , ` creature enchantment ' would mean ` both an enchantment and a creature ' . 
  but they consistently use the other order just like they never say ` creature artifact ' even though that would be perfectly legal . 
  one is almost certainly correct imo . 
  because the conservatives will look like utter cowards if they vote down a snap election .
