  the retail version still requires a subscription in order to access . 
  they sold a copy of wow . 
  i can do with that copy whatever i like . 
  it 's like any other physical object . 
  i can install it on as many computers as i like , i can resell it to other people , i can do what i like with it when i install it . 
  i do not live in the us and i do n't care about how terrible your consumer protection laws are . 
   just because you own the game discs does not mean you can use its assets to develop your own game for profit , or run a functioning online server parallel to the company 's own service . 
  nobody is suggesting the first , and yes anyone can do the latter . 
  nobody is using the client as a basis for the server . 
   that 's true that they do n't have the copy of some disk that allows you to use world of warcraft . 
  but they still own world of warcraft . 
  that 's why the game on the disk wo n't work if you have stopped leasing it from them . 
  yes the game on the disk * will * work , you just have to connect to a different server . 
  ` realmlist.wtf ` exists for a reason . 
  they would n't have put a file to choose the server you want to connect to into the root directory of the game if they did n't want people to change it . 
  again , you 're a bloody fool if you think that blizzard is some sort of perfectly rational economic actor . 
  they do n't pursue every profitable thing they could pursue . 
  they are perfectly capable of underestimating demand , overestimating work , and just having massive inertia in their organisation . 
  you 've seen the ` you think you want it , but you do n't ' rubbish from blizzard , that 's their view . 
  the bad things are pretty much irrelevant . 
  and it 's definitely not ` insanely grindy ' . 
  there are like one or two levels where you have to grind a bit if you have n't killed any mobs outside of quests before . 
  nobody is saying they ` own the world of warcraft property ' . 
   none of that changes the fact that blizzard owns world of warcraft . 
  it 's a very simple point . 
  no shit , sherlock . 
   blizzard did n't sell you any part of wow . 
  blizzard did n't even sell you a copy of wow . 
  blizzard sold you a license to use wow . 
  this is simply false . 
  i own a toyota corolla . 
  it 's mine . 
  i can resell it , i can modify it , i can use it for whatever i want , within the law . 
  it 's mine . 
  the same applies to my copy of world of warcraft . 
  i bought it . 
  it 's mine . 
  i can resell it . 
  i can modify it . 
  i can use it for whatever i want . 
   you do n't own the wow piece of software forever . 
  you do n't own it at all . 
  you never have . 
  that 's simply untrue . 
   what you own forever is the disc . 
  what you license is the software on the disc . 
  i do n't license anything . 
  stop pretending you know how consumer protection laws work where i live . 
  okay so you do n't know what you 're talking about . 
  that 's fine . 
   i guess that depends on your definition of p2w . 
  best to leave that up to the individual . 
  it 's not subjective . 
  pay to win means pay to win . 
  if you can spend money on anything that affects gameplay in any way , then it 's pay to win . 
  progressing in the game is gameplay-related . 
   however for comparisons sake , let 's take gw2 . 
  gw2 has gems ( real cash currency ) - gold conversion . 
  you can pay $ $ to buy a full set of ascended gear , and be geared up to do all content . 
  this is the fastest way to progress , so by that definition it is the most p2w game . 
  yes it is . 
  maybe you should actually look up how cu works before you white knight it . 
  \\  so , players still have to choose one way to progress or another . 
  \\  so , player can progress in wide range of abilities at the same time , including dps , healing , buffs/debuffs , tanking and so on . 
  your entire post was about progression . 
   are you just implying that people can spend real money to sell things for in game money ? 
  because that is true , some people sink hundreds into the game just to make a quick 15 million silver . 
  but that wo n't get you anything more than base boss gear . 
  most people you are hitting duo and tri on boss gear are n't selling that shit . 
  does n't fucking matter . 
  anything non-cosmetic -  ** pay to win ** . 
   i can buy an account on any mmo to progress at the fastest speed , or buy gold in nearly any mmo , therefore all mmo 's must be p2w right ? 
   well you still have to play the game to progress ? 
  and ? 
  that does n't stop it from being p2w . 
   also what is winning ? 
  once again , the definition is based on the individual , and most people have a varying definition of p2w , as you can see we both do and many people do on this subs and in mmo 's in general . 
  do n't be so literal . 
  [ reddit enhancement suite ] ( http://redditenhancementsuite.com `` also / r/enhancement '' ) tagged as ` p2w apologist ' . 
   firstly i 'd recommend ffxiv over runescape , especially if an extensive crafting system is a big deal for you . 
  anyways . . 
  well yes , you 'd still be getting the response . 
  the issue is that in wow clones like ffxiv , it does n't matter that the crafting is deep or anything , because it 's not economically important . 
  in runescape , the best items are crafted . 
  that 's what matters . 
  i 've already explained it multiple times . 
   did you buy your toyota outright ? 
  yes . 
   if so , then yes you own it . 
  title would have transferred to you , and you would be the owner . 
  you would have all of an owner 's rights that come with being an owner . 
  because of how the law works , not because of any particular contract . 
   are you making car payments on the toyota ? 
  if so , then a bank owns the toyota . 
  the bank , as the rightful owner , could take the toyota back if you fail to continue making payments . 
  that 's not true at all . 
  if you are paying something off you still own it . 
  if you stop paying interest on those payments then the person you owe money to can attempt to collect them , but they ca n't always do so . 
  they certainly do n't own the item : they ca n't tell you not to get your car painted , for example . 
  they might sue you for damages if you do paint it a terrible and unsaleable colour , then stop paying them interest and they lose part of their collateral value , but that 's unlikely .
