  because mtgtop8 is based on the same totally irrelevant data . 
  it 's * literally * in the name . 
  it 's not based on the presence in the meta , it 's based on presence in top 8 . 
  topless miracles is * incredibly * popular online , but has a relatively low presence in 5-0s in leagues . 
  that 's because it has a bad conversion rate , as i said . 
  does the entire world need to see this post ? 
  of course they should . 
  they just should n't be pandered to . 
  we do n't require that every bathroom is capable of being used by someone in a wheelchair , do we ? 
  no , we have accessible bathrooms . 
  people should use the bathroom for the gender they actually are . 
  if they do n't want to , just use the unisex wheelchair bathroom . 
  that does n't mean that men and women wear the same clothing . 
  men and women wear different clothing . 
  this is perfectly normal and natural and fine . 
  it does n't need to be ` dealt with ' . 
  we do n't need to brainwash kids into thinking that gender is some fluid thing you can choose . 
  some people are transgender , that 's completely fine , they change their gender and use the other bathroom . 
  we do n't need `` gender-neutral '' bathrooms . 
  we do n't need to pretend that `` gender in a spectrum '' or `` gender is a social construct '' or other such bullshit . 
  oh my fucking god how incompetent can you be ? 
  if 99 % of decks are miracles but it 's 7 % of top 8s then it 's an awful deck . 
  if 1 % of the meta is miracles but it 's 7 % of top 8s then it 's an amazing deck . 
  the fact is we only know the top 8 percentage . 
  we do n't know the presence in the actual metagame . 
  but we do know , with high confidence , that it 's higher than the top 8 percentage . 
   this is still essentially true . 
  all the fair decks in legacy - including this one here - are rehashes of the same cards in different combinations that several other decks play . 
  i do n't know why you keep saying this when it clearly is n't true . 
  kaya , ghost assassin , gideon of the trials , and tidehollow sculler are n't played in legacy in any other deck . 
  if you want to build a goodstuff/fair deck then of course you 're going to use the best cards . 
  that 's just as true in this format as it is in every other format . 
  it 's just as true in modern . 
  if you want to make a fair modern deck , you play the same fair modern cards as everyone else . 
  there 's plenty of room to brew combo decks in legacy , at least as much as there is room to brew combo decks in modern . 
  have a look at the source forums some time , there are lots of developing combo decks . 
  it kills a target land , not a random land . 
  when you have wasteland and sinkhole and hymn ( and if you do n't have 4-of each of those cards then you should n't call it deadguy ale ) , vindicate can be the difference you need between them having 0 and 1 land . 
   letting kids wear clothes, 
  they 're already allowed to do this . 
  they just have to wear the clothes of a particular gender , in particular of the gender they are ( and if they change gender , they change what uniform they wear , which makes sense , given if you want to be a girl then you want to be a girl , you should n't have a problem with wearing a dress , for fuck 's sake ) . 
  nobody is saying ` born a boy , always a boy ' . 
  it 's 2017 . 
  but there are only two genders . 
   take a piss, 
  again , you are one of two genders . 
  this might be different from your apparent physical gender . 
  and yet they are . 
  nothing in the article indicates anything except gender-neutral changing rooms , and changing rooms are open . 
   no one is playing sinkhole - it is n't very good, 
  then you are n't playing deadguy ale ... also it 's very , very good . 
   we are n't even playing four wastelands . 
  because you do n't want to build a consistent deck ? 
   i understand that occasionally you are going to generate a `` free win '' by land screwing someone , but that comes up way less often than needing to kill something like tnn, 
  fair , but it 's not exactly reasonable to justify playing it by casually dismissing one card by saying it just ` kills random lands ' when killing lands is super useful . 
  being able to kill basics or manlands is crucial . 
   who is `` we '' ? 
  new zealanders that are n't rabid tumblr users like you . 
   have you seen mens suicide stats ? 
  or abuse stats ? 
  or how hard it is to get a male teacher for below high school ? 
  nothing to do with ` gender norms ' . 
   what about the pressure put on woman to `` be ladylike '' at all times , to never work and raise babies, 
  literally does n't exist . 
  women have pressure to be like women , which is perfectly fine . 
  the birthrate is too low as it is , more pressure to have children is fine . 
  women are n't pressured not to work , they 're pressured to work too much while having children actually . 
  it 's an irrelevant , bad deck , that is propped up in results by being played by a lot of miracles players pining to be able to wreck people with terminus . 
  i 've played ** hundreds ** of matches online since the ban . 
  i have a big enough sample size to say that it 's a very popular deck , much more than 4.25 % of the meta . 
  inb4 `` that 's not a big enough sample size '' while basing his 4.25 % on a couple of weeks of 5-0 league results cherry-picked by wotc every day . 
  but it 's kind of inherent to fair decks . 
  i 'm not sure of any format in magic where fair decks have n't been mostly built around just playing good cards . 
  that 's kind of the point of a fair deck , to take advantage of good , efficient , individually powerful cards . 
  right ? 
  maybe you 're saying that drs makes legacy manabases too wide which lets everyone just play the best couple of cards in every colour , while if drs ( or brainstorm , probably , but let 's assume it 's a sacred cow ) were banned people would be forced to play more 2-colour decks and we 'd see more of the depth of each colour ? 
  i could understand that viewpoint , or something like it . 
  i do n't really understand your point if it 's that fair decks all play good fair deck cards , though . 
  that just seems to be true of every format ever . 
  ? what ? 
   i got a lot of sigh and yawns from people that i played on cockatrice . 
  that means you 're playing correctly . 
   men being taught to be staunch and manly and not ask for help, 
  and they 're not taught the same in other countries with lower suicide rates ? 
  our suicide rates are high because mental health services are underfunded , not because men are n't being taught that masculinity is something to be ashamed of . 
   girls who want to wear shorts are such rebels amirite ? 
  shorts can be part of the girls ' uniform . 
  i have no problem with that . 
   anyway , sex does not equal gender . 
  it clearly does equal gender . 
   out of curiosity , to what extent should men and women 's attire be different ? 
  who decides ? 
  same people that decide on school uniforms already . 
   if each individual gets to decide for themselves , and pick their preferred clothing each day , then is n't that just what they are proposing introducing at the schools ? 
  women frequently wear pants now , which used to be taboo , and we do n't see anyone up-in-arms about it . 
  i have no problem with pants being allowed parts of girls ' uniforms . 
   why does it matter to you so much that men and women wear different clothing ? 
  why does it matter to you so much that girls and boys wear the same clothing ? 
   stuff related to biology i.e underpants and bras , sure , be gender specific , everything else , who the fuck cares . 
  they 're children .
