  this exists and is entirely legal . 
  creating the same interfaces , the same apis , etc. 
  is completely legal . 
  it 's not a ` bootleg version ' , it 's a * recreation from scratch * . 
  big difference . 
   the only difference is the separation of server and client data , but that data all together is blizzard 's intellectual property . 
  the client data is not redistributed by the private server . 
  the server is entirely recreated from scratch . 
  literally nothing of blizzard 's is used . 
  they did not at all have to do that . 
  they changed skeleton king to wraith king because he was confusable visually with other characters in the game ( clinkz , iirc ) . 
  the idea of a generic ` skeleton king ' is absolutely not protected by copyright . 
   that is where this instance of this happening , and is also why servers that last are hosted in different countries . 
  quite right . 
   except for all the code that was made to work for their game . 
  no , the code is not used . 
  the server has been written from scratch and is open source . 
   if someone had all the game-files for destiny , wrote their own code to make it work , then redistributed it ( even for free ) they are getting hit with a lawsuit . 
  nobody is redistributing anything of blizzard 's . 
   same thing here , the code being on a server does n't protect anyone unless that server is in a country where litigation would be difficult or impossible . 
  the code for the server is n't blizzard 's . 
  the copyright is held by those that wrote it . 
  you can not hold copyright over ` all implementations of this idea ' . 
  you can only hold copyright over a particular implementation of an idea . 
   this is n't innocuous standalone code , it 's code made to work with world of warcraft , a copy-righted product . 
  reverse engineering for interoperability is entirely legal . 
  it 's one of the last places you 're allowed to reverse engineer in the us . 
  creating something to work with an existing product is totally legal . 
   i guess this is where you simplify your statements to ` lol no ' and bring no substance or evidence so i think i 'm done at this point . 
  you just do n't seem to understand how mmorpgs work . 
  there 's a client , and a server . 
  the client includes all the art assets , the quest descriptions , the icons , the sound , the maps , etc. 
  the server is an entirely separate piece of software that accepts connections from clients . 
  blizzard hold the copyright for the client . 
  redistributing that certainly is n't allowed . 
  but nobody is doing that . 
  blizzard do n't have copyright over ` all servers that could connect to that client ' . 
  they only have copyright over their particular server . 
  but nobody has access to that server , so how could anyone copy it ? 
  they ca n't . 
  they have n't . 
  they 've implemented * their own * server . 
   at it 's core , the game play is exactly the same as it is now compared to years the ago . 
  the only difference is maybe the `` strategy '' of `` well i hope i do n't aggro anything else because otherwise i 'm screwed . '', 
  okay , but other than the strategy , the grouping , the eating , the drinking and the challenge , what have the romans ever done for us ? 
  the fact you 're literally disagreeing on levelling strategy and builds for a particular class indicates that the game clearly involved more thought and challenge than it does now . 
  levelling is the whole point, 
  i * entirely * disagree with you . 
  totally , entirely and absolutely . 
  a game released today with vanilla wow 's questing would be a gigantic success . 
  level scaling is a shitty , shitty non-solution . 
  the law overrides licenses . 
   this changed in 2011 where the game got granted a second chance from cataclysm revamp . 
  that made the levelling about a thousand times worse . 
  retail wow has no strategies . 
  no builds . 
  you just walk up to things and they die . 
  maybe if he means trademarks he should bloody well say trademarks . 
   have you played on a private server ? 
  they have links to downloads for that all the time , so you 'd have to differentiate between private servers that do n't do this and rely on you having the client already . 
  regardless ... 
  yes , obviously . 
   the server is n't receiving generic information from the clients , it 's receiving specific data concerning the game and the server has to be written to handle that . 
  game data that does belong the creators of it and who has legal control over how it is used . 
  and ? 
  that ` game data ' does not belong to blizzard . 
  you would have a very tough time arguing in court that the output of a program is owned by the program 's author . 
  does that mean every image created with photoshop is owned by adobe ? 
  every program compiled with visual studio is owned by microsoft ? 
  every web page you access is owned by microsoft ? 
   you can access it by playing their game and studying their api and packets of users , which is very common for creators these bootleg servers . 
  that 's just reverse engineering for interoperability , which is entirely legal . 
  ` black box ' reverse engineering , in particular , is n't really reverse engineering at all . 
  recreating the functionality of something else by studying its behaviour is not copyright infringement at all . 
  they also ** are not ** bootleg . 
  ` bootleg ' implies that they are illegal and infringe copyright . 
  they are not illegal and they do not infringe copyright . 
   why do you think it takes so many years to develop servers specifically for world of warcraft ? 
  if this was really from scratch that did n't rely on recreating world of warcraft 's functionality than it would n't take nearly as long . 
  they could even borrow heavily from existing server implementations . 
  of course they recreate wow 's functionality . 
  that 's not illegal !, 
   you 've basically come to the conclusion that because you know what a server is and what client-side software is that you 've got a firm enough understanding to argue this in court . 
  you 're only scratching the surface of this though . 
  you just do n't understand how copyright works . 
  exactly : if someone leaked the source code from blizzard for their servers , using that would absolutely be unethical , and most likely illegal . 
  there 's nothing illegal about collusion ... 
  disagree . 
  that 's not good disclosure practice . 
  immediate public disclosure is the only way to protect the public . 
   if you grab an item , then walk out the entry door without paying for it , it could legally be considered shoplifting , even if you immediately walk back in to give the item back and tell them their security sucks . 
  no it could n't . 
  this was when standard was actually good . 
  it was n't ` high power level ' . 
  it was just normal power level . 
  the funny thing is that people seem to think that going back to that power level in standard would be ` power creep ' . 
  i think some people just do n't understand what power creep is . 
  ` white prison enchantments ' are already plentiful . 
  when people say ` white is weak in modern ' they do n't mean in that sense . 
  they mean that white is weak in fair goodstuff decks .
