  it 's very likely that those mentioned games will fail because they do n't have money , and no mmorpg without a shitton of money was and ever will be successfull . 
  rubbish . 
  they have more than enough money . 
  worlds adrift looks so bad , though . 
  because it 's not fun . 
  it 's not immersive . 
  it 's not difficult . 
  it does n't require any thought . 
  it 's not anywhere near a ` diamond in the rough ' . 
   and it is very difficult to implement with an indie budget . 
  no it is n't . 
  all of them . 
  your concept does n't make much sense . 
  you want to make the trinity great again by making it more than three roles ? 
  the whole point of the trinity is that it reduces the complicated mess of roles ( which was a good thing in my view ) down to three simple concepts : the knight in shining armour , the healer , and the fireball-throwing wizard . 
  tank , healer , dps . 
  i do n't think that these systems of roles are interesting any more . 
  i do n't think they make good gameplay . 
  in wow , for example , every single fucking fight has a tank swap mechanic , some sort of dps check , some single target and some raid damage , etc. 
  because they want to ensure that every spec is viable in every fight . 
  i disagree with the idea that tank-heal-damage is the core of all or most rpgs . 
  so it 's completely unrelated to what the person you were replying to wants ... 
  the first major problem i can see here , and it 's a biggie : you 're completely focused on combat . 
  combat is a small but important part of a good mmorpg . 
  your character should not progress separately in combat skills from in non-combat skills . 
   it is not for nothing that [ defend - sustain - attack ] is the core of every crpg . 
  that 's definitely not true . 
   thus imo we should keep it , not ( only ) because out of expectation but because it works well . 
  does it really ? 
  i do n't think it works well in any mmorpg . 
  you can see that from the massive shortage of tanks and healers in ** every ** game . 
   ( a ) strengthen the interaction and interdependency of the roles and ( b ) design the roles with ` purity ' in mind ( i.e. 
  no dps skills for the tank ) . 
  totally , totally the opposite . 
  nobody should be purely doing damage . 
  everyone should do damage . 
  some people might stand on the front line , some might stand on the back line , but everyone should be doing damage . 
  there should never , ever be a ` pure dps ' role . 
  tank , heals , damage , cc is not ` the classic 4 ' . 
  relevation online is a worthless game . 
  the druid is in a bear form to pretend to be a warrior and in cat form to pretend to be a rogue . 
  it 's the very definition of * failure * . 
  i think you mean ` overrated ' . 
  there 's almost zero criticism of it on this subreddit , while there should be more . 
   because osrs and rs3 are reddit memefests . 
  everyone in that game uses reddit ,, 
  rubbish . 
  they like to think this is the case , but they 're wrong . 
   its the fact that people on nost think they are entitled to something they did n't make and it irks . 
  i did n't make it , but i * did * buy it . 
  i 've bought lots of games throughout the years , and mmos are the only ones where developers seem to think it 's okay that they decide when i 'll never be able to play it again . 
  that 's bullshit , frankly . 
  i bought wow . 
  i paid for and installed the client onto my own computer . 
  someone else spend thousands of hours implementing a server that that client can connect to . 
  what the fuck does that have to do with blizzard ? 
   `` polite '' would have been not using something that is n't yours without the owner 's permission in first place , lol . 
  blizzard does not own my computer . 
  blizzard does not own my internet connection . 
  blizzard does not own the game client i * bought * from them . 
  blizzard does not own the private server source code , or the databases , or anything else at the server side . 
  blizzard does not have any moral right to tell me what i can do with the client i bought , or who i am allowed to connect to . 
  no , it is n't . 
  no , they do n't . 
  that 's utter rubbish . 
  they do not need to do anything . 
  there is no concept of losing copyright if you choose not to enforce it and then later be unable to choose to enforce it . 
  that has never happened , and will never happen . 
   legally , blizzard needs to defend their ip, 
  no they do n't . 
  stop promoting this utterly bullshit myth . 
   amen , brother . 
  and the one thing that constantly drives me nuts about this ... people are playing vanilla wow for free !, 
  if people were actually asked to pay $ 15/mo to support emulated servers like nost , the project would be dead ... you 'd have at most a few hundred , maybe a couple thousand max people paying to pay . 
  what a load of crap . 
  are you thick ? 
  nostalrius is an utterly unadvertised private server . 
  of course it has fewer players than wow . 
  look at old school runescape . 
  the entire concept of ` endgame ' is and has always been stupid . 
  go away . 
   it removes the obligated to play feeling that you get with subscription games . 
  i have to play because otherwise i 'm not getting my money worth . 
  feeling obligated to play is a sure way to burn people out fast . 
  do you feel an obligation to watch a movie every day if you hire it for a week ? 
  i know that 's a bit outdated with video stores all having shut down , but you get my point . 
   if i do n't want to/can ' t pay one month for whatever reason i do n't have to . 
  and you do n't have to play , either . 
   unlike some people i 've never deleted/sold all my stuff before quitting a sub because i think maybe some day i 'll come back . 
  i never have . 
  if i did n't have to resub to do so , you can bet i would have come back to some of them . 
  and you 'll come back , spend no money and use up server resources . 
   an official money to game currency conversion reduces the influence of gold sellers . 
  they 'll likely still offer better rates , but why risk it when there 's a safe and legitimate way to do the same thing . 
  gold sellers are n't a significantly serious problem compared to a game being pay-to-win or having a cash shop . 
  it also does n't mean they 're in a majority . 
  you have n't given any evidence to support that view . 
  it * does * matter . 
  to me . 
  to us .
