  the actual gameplay of wow does not encourage cooperation from a mechanical perspective . 
  the gameplay is all focused around your own character . 
  the game even encourages you to literally just stare at your actionbars and your health and mana bars , or the hp & mana bars of your enemies . 
  nothing in the game actually makes you play , cooperatively , with your teammates . 
  in fact , the only time you * actually * truly cooperate with team mates is in dungeons and raids , and * even then * the dps players are really just playing solo in a group . 
  the healers are basically the only people actually truly cooperating with team mates until raiding . 
  part of the problem is that mmorpgs these days tend not actually to be mechanically engaging at all until the end game . 
  even then , often they are n't mechanically engaging in end game . 
   ( and subscription has proven to not attract players anymore ) . 
  no it fucking has n't . 
  it has n't proven anything of the sort . 
  people do n't want to play those games for the same reason people do n't want to play any bad game . 
  they 're not failures of subscription models , they 're failures of * shitty games * . 
  the games that have ` failed ' with subs are just bad , boring , shitty , terrible mmorpgs . 
  they 're not living , breathing worlds . 
  please delete your 20 duplicate comments . 
  your post is bad and you should feel bad . 
  in the end it just comes down to a total lack of difficulty , does n't it . 
  there 's no challenge . 
  and before some replies saying ` hardcore raiding is harder than ever ' , i do n't care , that 's not the point . 
  the point is not how hard the final boss of the game is . 
  the point is that a lot of people wo n't get to that final boss if the rest of the game is just boring and easy . 
  and a lot of people that will play through to that boss will hate the difficulty because the entire game has been easy until then . 
  some people enjoys games where there 's very little mechanical challenge and they 're just led around the world . 
  they get to see amazing looking environments , they get to fight things that are cool , they kind of feel like they 're doing something even though the game basically plays itself . 
  that 's how the game works , in modern mmorpgs , for almost the entire game . 
  then they get to the level cap , and suddenly they have to find other people to play with . 
  so they cry and whinge about having to commit to a time of the week and a group of players to play with . 
  they 're not here for that !, 
  `` that 's not fun ! '', 
  they cry . 
  and they 're right . 
  it is n't fun for them . 
  it is n't fun to interact with others for them . 
  it is n't fun to be challenged for them . 
  it is n't fun for them to have a penalty for trying to use the method of just throwing yourself at a problem until you luck out and solve it ( death penalties ) . 
  and so systems like lfd get released . 
  and then the same people get to raiding , and guess what ? 
  they do n't want to do raiding properly either . 
  so they get lfr added . 
  the thing i hate the absolute most about modern rpgs , mmo or not , is ** quest trails ** . 
  christ those things are retarded . 
  what 's the point in playing the bloody game if all you have to do is follow the bloody arrow ? 
  and all you end up doing is staring at the compass or the minimap or whereever the stupid bloody thing arrow is put . 
  so you do n't look at the * bloody world * . 
  you do n't look at the * bloody monsters * . 
  you do n't even look at your * own bloody character * . 
  you spend your entire time staring at a bloody arrow . 
  oh and you can turn it off . 
  but if you do , you ca n't complete the game , because the so-called ` quests ' are designed around you having bloody access to a bloody guide . 
  that 's why it really aggravates me when people say ` oh but people will just use a guide to complete the quests ' . 
  yeah , some people will . 
  that 's fine . 
  they can do so . 
  but i can complete it without a guide !, 
  if you have the guide built into the game , 99 % of the time it will be necessary as the content wo n't tell you how to do it without a guide . 
  also the combat systems are brainless and shit but they do n't even have the decency of making their mindless grindy horseshit doable while watching netflix like runescape did . 
  i just do n't agree with you . 
  no microtransactions was perfectly viable in the past , there 's no reason it ca n't be just as viable today . 
  the reason games with subs fail today is because the games themselves are all shitty wow clones that are n't even half as good as vanilla wow , which was shit !, 
  is that meant to be an argument ? 
  it 's unanimously agreed to be a disaster by people that actually know what they 're talking about . 
  not morons that read the mail . 
   there is competition now . 
  a lot of competition . 
  it 's not even comparable to the past . 
  no there is n't . 
  the competition are all making terrible pay-to-win games that are either awful asian shitfests full of stupid particle effects that * really * turn off players that like western-style games , or they 're just making generic wow clones . 
   games are simply more expensive to make ;, 
  games are much cheaper to make than they were in the past . 
  the tools available are incredible compared to even a few years ago . 
   people expect a lot more than would be acceptable in the past . 
  if people expect more today than in the past then they 'll be disappointed , because * no mmorpg since * has had more content in the first year than wow had on release . 
  just look at the number of old world dungeons wow had , the incredible depth and size and variety . 
  the class quests * for every class * . 
  six different starting zones . 
  we 're lucky to get more than * one * starting zone in an mmorpg today . 
  one per faction is almost considered advanced . 
  five dungeons ? 
  wowww . . a linear raid with four boring bosses and completely generic trash . 
  woooooowowowoww amazing so advanced because it has particle effects whoop-di-fucking-do . 
   people expect better graphics and art than they used to . 
  no , they do n't . 
  indie games prove it . 
  minecraft proves it . 
  factorio proves it . 
  all those awful zombie games prove it . 
  old school runescape proves it . 
  people * do n't * care about graphics . 
  they just do n't . 
  millions of people , ` core ' gamers and not , have shown that they do n't care about graphics when the gameplay is good . 
  yes , people want good graphics when that 's all they 're getting . 
  yes , in series like battlefield and call of duty , people fucking * howl * about games that come out and have bad graphics . 
  but that 's because those games are * advertised * based on their graphics , and because they 're mechanically identical to the previous games . 
  the only thing that actually makes them worth buying is seeing new amazing graphical fidelity . 
  if you try to make a new wow clone with graphics from 2002 , of course people are going to go ` well that looks dumb and has shit graphics ' . 
  nobody is talking about doing that though . 
   they expect a lot of content . 
  mmorpgs released today have gone massively backwards in terms of content . 
  they have less stuff to do than vanilla wow or uo or eq .
