  massively multiplayer . 
  the multiplayer , the playing with a multitude of players , must be massive . 
  they must be massively multiplayer . 
  not just big . 
  no it does n't . 
  ` massively ' refers to ` multiplayer ' . 
  i love that + friending you on reddit makes your name orange , it makes it much easier to upvote everything you say before reading it . 
   that amazon gaming trainwreck, 
  not sure how it 's a trainwreck . . 
   that 's retarded , ur, 
  `` you 're '' is not spelt like that , friend . 
  my point was not the specific example . 
  i literally just picked two random blocks that were n't in standard at the same time . 
  it does n't matter whether it 's a good idea . 
  that 's not at all relevant . 
  the ` ev ' is not the point , the point is that the chance of ever getting a positive result is much lower . 
  most people would rather have a 20 % chance that opening a booster makes them money and an 80 % chance it does n't than a 1 % chance it makes them money and a 99 % chance it does n't , * even if the ev is higher in the latter scenario * . 
  well of course they 're different from each other . 
  they designed them to be as distinct and stereotyped as possible !, 
  the whole damn point is that what they have created as worlds is not ideal . 
  these worlds are made up by wotc . 
  you 're acting like they have to use these planes , as if they already existed before wotc started using them for magic sets or something . 
  nobody has ever suggested that it 's a good all-in combo deck . 
  by your logic , jace the mind sculptor is too slow for legacy . 
  solemnity is a good card , it 's not slow . 
  you do n't have to play dark depths on turn 3 with it . 
  that 's not the bloody point . 
  having the ability to win on the spot with your hate card is why rest in peace/helm of obedience is great , for example . 
  ` massively multiplayer online role playing game ' . 
  not ` massive multiplayer online role playing game ' . 
  the abbreviation does not mean ` rpg which is multiplayer , online , and massive ' . 
  it means ` rpg which is massively multiplayer online ' . 
  are you being serious ? 
  i think you must be being serious , but your comment reads like you 're trying to argue for my side by making the other side look like they 're making fallacious arguments . 
  nobody is talking about drafting them at the same time . 
  christ almighty . 
   if you 're writing a story about sailors , you best not put everything in the same landlocked territory . 
  the story is about planeswalkers , so they need planes to actually walk . 
  they 've defined it to be about planeswalkers . 
  they decided that . 
  they could say ` well it makes no sense to make player a planeswalker , because we 're not travelling between planes , so let 's just say wizard instead , as that 's much more recognisable as a term . ', 
  and nobody is saying there should n't be multiple planes , anyway . 
  the thing is that we went from dominaria straight into this paradigm . 
  there 's no middle ground . 
  why is this being presented as a dichotomy ? 
  nobody is asking for the game to be set on dominaria indefinitely . 
  what people are asking for is somewhere * in between * . 
  yes they 're planeswalkers , yes they go between planes . 
  that does n't mean each plane needs to be a single homogenous tiny area that just feels like a stereotyped version of a real place on earth . 
  maybe mirrodin needs to be a separate plane , for example . 
  that 's fine . 
  that fits the story . 
  but there 's no reason that we could n't have two blocks set on the same plane in different areas . 
  we could see how the same overarching magic of one plane affects another different area . 
  when they return to theros , which they probably will do , why not go * somewhere else * in theros ? 
  when they returned to innistrad , why not go somewhere else on the planet and see how all the moon/werewolves/etc . 
  shit affects * other people * and * other cultures * ? 
  imagine if they had gone back to ravnica in rtr and it turned out that ravnica was . . 
  i dunno . . on the same planet as innistrad , and now had werewolves ? 
  i 'm completely brainstorming here , but do n't you see how this sort of thing could make the game feel much more integrated and less episodic ? 
  it feels like nothing that happens in one block really matters in the next . 
  blocks are completely mechanically and thematically separated . 
  why do they happen in the order they do ? 
  well , not really any reason . 
  the closest any block gets to the previous block is having a couple of hate cards in it to make sure the previous block 's mechanics do n't override this block 's mechanics in standard . 
  they wanted this overriding story with the gatewatch , but it just felt so artificial because it was clearly tacked on . 
  the blocks with the gatewatch feel ` connected ' in the same way that putting two food items cooked separately on the same plate is connected . 
  they 're in the same place , at the same time , but they do n't actually relate to each other at all . 
  what they should do is * cook them together * . 
  let the flavours infuse into each other . 
  ironically ( and i say that because it happened so soon before they got rid of blocks ) they kind of started doing this . 
  shadows over innistrad * does * tie into battle for zendikar block , thematically . 
  the eldrazi come back , emerge returns , etc. 
  that was a success . 
  the problem with what happened there was really one of power level and broken expectations . 
  people reacted poorly to eldrazi in bfz because the block as a whole felt very weak coming off ktk ( a power level high itself only compared to the low power level of ths block ) , many of the mechanics did n't work and people expected a return to zendikar/worldwake instead of a return to rise of the eldrazi . 
  then when eldrazi came back in shadows over innistrad , many people felt that they kind of ` ruined their favourite plane ' . 
  but that 's not inherent in the idea , and it was a good development really . 
  if battle for zendikar block had been better communicated and better developed , shadows over innistrad and eldritch moon would have felt much better and the flow from one to the other would have been a massive success and a good example of how wotc * can * make the separate planes not feel like totally isolated and unrelated sets . 
  i do n't think your argument makes much sense . 
  bfz -  soi is literally the perfect example of them learning that their planes do n't have to be completely and utterly isolated from each other . 
  one plane can influence the next . 
  one * area * in a world can also affect an * area * in another world . 
  taking the india example , i 'm sure they 'd not do this as colonialism is a bit of a politically sensitive issue , but are you really telling me they could n't do a ` british block ' ( a block set in an area of a plane that was inspired by ancient and medieval british isles cultures , which could have gaelic , irish , british , french and other influences ) and then afterwards do an ` indian block ' ( set * on the same plane * but in another area ) that involved colonialism , essentially ? 
  ignoring the political uncomfortableness of it , they could totally do this . 
  it would be amazing . 
  the people of one block essentially invading the people of the next ? 
  different setting geographically , but on the same plane , but one of the factions of the previous block , bringing their mechanical and thematic identity into a block that is essentially different ? 
  anything like this would be better than the current method of making the blocks totally isolated and distinct . 
  it just feels like cheating to not have to do any real worldbuilding . 
  they just make up whatever rules they like for each new plane . 
  there 's no restrictions to make them come up with anything truly creative . 
  being forced to set at least some of their sets in existing places ( other than returning directly to places we 've already been , which has its own set of challenges ) means we can see things like existing factions fighting against new factions , with a mixture of new and old themes and mechanics . 
   there 's no release date . 
  there is n't even an estimate of a year for a release date . 
  why would there be ? 
  they 've announced its existence . 
  that 's normal in magic . 
  they announce their general product structure years in advance and slowly reveal details over time . 
  in fact that 's how all companies work .
