   incrimental card advantage has essentially nothing to do with control . 
  control simply means you establish a resource advantage through control of the game before deploying a win condition . 
  that 's a complete misunderstanding of the game . 
  control is * defined * by a focus on card advantage . 
   shardless proactively runs out tarmogoyfs and runs drs. 
  there 's virtually nothing control about it beyond it 's removal/disruption package , which makes it a midrange deck . 
  control decks are n't ` decks with lots of counterspells and kill spells ' or something like that . 
  that 's a myth . 
  not sure honestly, 
  dude . . how can you find this so difficult ? 
  lands is a deck characterised by its * draw engine * , life from the loam . 
  life from the loam essentially says ` draw 3 cards ' for 2 mana . 
  that 's the point of the deck : to exploit life from the loam . 
  standstill is a deck characterised by its * draw engine * , standstill . 
  it 's literally named standstill . 
  standstill essentially says ` draw 3 cards ' for 2 mana . 
  that 's the point of the deck : to exploit standstill . 
  counter/top miracles was a deck characterised by its * card advantage engines * , namely counterbalance/top ( which typically made a huge number of cards either countered or dead ) and terminus , which like other sweepers is a pretty typical example of a good source of card advantage . 
  predict miracles ( the post-top-banning miracles deck ) is characterised by its reliance on * predict * ( which says ` draw 2 cards ' for 2 mana ) and * terminus * . 
  it tries to exploit its large number of cantrips ( not a card advantage engine ) to make * predict * and * terminus * as good as possible . 
  esper draw-go in modern is a control deck ( although not a particularly good control deck , sadly ) that is mainly characterised by its use of esper charm , think twice and sphinx 's revelation . 
  again , we try to draw as many cards as possible and just overwhelm our opponent with card advantage . 
  there 's a reason the thread on mtgsalvation for this deck emphasises the importance of think twice and esper charm , which are n't cards known as being strong format staples in modern . 
  but they are important for the deck , they are the card advantage engine of the deck . 
  shardless bug is a legacy control deck that is named , again , after its card advantage engine : shardless agent . 
  shardless agent always gets you at least +1 cards , and can get you +3 cards if you hit an ancestral vision . 
  shardless bug is , again , named after its draw engine . 
  uw control , in inn/rtr standard , was a control deck that was heavily focused on resolving cards like supreme verdict and sphinx 's revelation to overwhelm its opponent with card advantage . 
  caw-blade , in zen/scm standard , was a control deck that was focused on the interactions between jace , the mind sculptor and card advantage cards like stoneforge mystic and squadron hawk . 
  the card advantage gained by casting squadron hawk , getting 3 hawks from your library , then brainstorming jace , drawing 3 fresh cards , putting two squadron hawks back on top of your library and using fetchlands , stoneforge mystic and squadron hawk to shuffle them away . 
  do you want more examples ? 
  ( i 've removed my downvotes on your post , as i do n't think you 're being malicious . ), 
  this seems very ... os x. 
  because you want to get sued for illegal hiring practices, 
  do n't discriminate on the basis of age in any direction . 
  that 's not how the law works kid . 
  sounds like a bunch of irrelevant american shit . 
  oh boo hoo , americans have shit employment laws ? 
  who knew ? 
  sounds like a bunch of irrelevant american shit . 
  oh boo hoo , americans have shit employment laws ? 
  who knew ? 
   the article is n't literally saying your hiring choices should be based on $ tripsaroundsuncount regardless of the candidate 's skills/experience . 
  the title is , and that 's what matters . 
  the title is the message . 
   adea only protects workers over 40 . 
  nobody cares about your laws , american . 
  the standard , timeless , ** universally ** accepted definition of control disagrees with you . 
  well that 's americans for you . 
  no , it 's a representative democracy . 
  we * elect * people based on the criteria * we choose * . 
  that 's highly misleading . 
  507 polled adults is extremely unlikely to be a representative sample . 
  you do if you want any reasonable chance of it being an unbiased representative sample . 
   the sample size is plenty strong enough, 
  only if you assume it 's representative and unbiased , which is * completely * backwards . 
   42.8 are mathematically wrong , the survey has a 95 percent confidence interval and a 4.3 percent margin of error . 
  no it bloody does n't . 
  stop repeating this drivel . 
  and i hope ubuntu removed and replaced with a proper linux distribution . 
  you should n't need a source to work out that some random bunch of 507 polled adults online is unlikely to be a representative sample of nz 's diverse population . 
  yes , that 's right . 
  dark confidant has been used in control decks for a very long time . 
  team america is an aggro-control deck in legacy that uses dark confidant as a card advantage engine , for example . 
  4c loam is an aggro-control deck in legacy that uses dark confidant and life from the loam as card advantage engines . 
  jund is an aggro-control deck in modern that uses dark confidant and liliana of the veil as card advantage engines . 
  edit : maybe you are thinking of ` control ' as ` draw-go ' ? 
  could be pretty sweet . 
  green gives you some more incidental lifegain , which can help you to stabilise yourself at low but safe life levels . 
  do n't try to pretend that you were saying shardless was a control deck but a ` midrange control deck ' or some other shit . 
  you said it was n't a control deck several times . 
  shardless is a control deck , again . 
  midrange and aggro-control are not at all the same thing . 
  aggro-control decks are decks that need to win quickly . 
  they need to establish a board presence , protect that board presence and disrupt their opponent long enough to win . 
  midrange decks want to play the most efficient threats and answers . 
  they are much more like control decks than aggro decks , while aggro-control decks are much more like aggro decks than control decks . 
  the fundamental gameplan of an aggro-control deck is aggressive . 
  the fundamental gameplan of a midrange deck is controlling . 
  midrange decks are control decks . 
  jund is a midrange deck , it 's a control deck as well . 
  shardless is * universally * considered a control deck amongst people that actually matter i.e. 
  people that actually play it , and play against it , in legacy . 
  can we just agree to stop arguing over definitions ? 
  we both agree that shardless and jund are very similar in their gameplans , generally : they 're controlling decks , they are n't * pure * control , they have early-game threats , but they 're fundamentally still control decks . 
  or just play with her ? 
  build a deck with her from some commons , help her see some of the synergies between cards , explain what they do . 
  wotc does a good job of keeping complexity low in the commons these days . 
   every deck in the format wants to play the most efficient threats and answers . 
  that 's not true of aggro decks . 
  aggro decks want to play the cheapest threats and no answers . 
   ah yes , that `` controlling '' fundamental gameplay that involves running out your finishers on turn 2 . 
  ah but that 's exactly the point . 
  you 're confused between ` control ' and ` draw-go ' . 
  draw-go control decks are pure , pure control decks , but that 's not the only deck that can be called ` control ' . 
   no , they are n't . 
  you can tell because of the name . 
  you can make the argument that midrange decks are controlling decks that run out threats aggressively , hence the shorthand `` aggro-control , '' which is what i 've been doing . 
  no you ca n't . 
  i 've even looked it up to confirm to myself that i 'm right .
