  in an aggro deck where your creatures are just interchangeable win conditions , coco might fit better . 
  but in aggro decks it is too expensive , aggro decks do n't want 4-mana spells that encourage you to play lots of 3-mana spells . 
  i * hope * drs gets banned . 
  alas it 's unlikely . 
  nimble mongoose is still the best threat in the format for 1 mana . 
  no it 's not great . 
  it makes anyone else at the school look like a loser by association . 
  it was a school full of losers . 
  i just want to say that it 's awesome you 're back . 
  just do n't insult brainstorm and we 're cool k, 
  they do n't exist because we create them or preserve them . 
  they exist because they 're completely normal and natural and will exist in any society where they are n't being suppressed . 
  they looked like losers because they all were losers . 
   thigh rub mate . 
  fat, 
  i disagree . 
  maverick is good against a bit part of the meta . 
  you 're retarded soz . 
   we do n't vote for our representatives in this country , we vote for the party . 
  he 's an ** electorate mp ** . 
  ant is capable of winning before turn 3 , but not against diverse opposing countermagic , because without a nut hand you have to sculpt * and * defend yourself . 
  reset high tide is arguably great in this metagame , because for one thing you can win the game in response to your opponent 's cabal therapy or with your opponent 's tendrils trigger on the stack . 
  it 's never been a particularly popular deck , and there have been no tournaments since the banning . 
  i sometimes play bg pox with loam :, 
  4 life from the loam, 
  1 bloodstained mire, 
  4 mox diamond, 
  4 wasteland, 
  4 mishra 's factory, 
  3 urborg , tomb of yawgmoth, 
  1 the tabernacle at pendrell vale, 
  1 entomb, 
  1 nether spirit, 
  1 raven 's crime, 
  4 liliana of the veil, 
  1 worm harvest, 
  4 hymn to tourach, 
  4 smallpox, 
  1 swamp, 
  2 ghost quarter, 
  1 ensnaring bridge, 
  1 sylvan library, 
  4 chalice of the void, 
  4 leyline of the void, 
  as usual , with these sorts of decks , you can kind of do whatever you like in the maindeck because once you have cards like liliana , loam , hymn , abrupt decay , tabernacle , etc. 
  you pretty consistently beat things like delver . 
  the trouble is working out how to do all of this * and also beating storm and reanimator and show and tell * . 
  bringing in 4 leyline and 4 chalice against storm ( there is a lot of stuff you can remove for these , really depends on what you think they 'll bring in ) is quite good but can also be a bit rng . 
  storm can win through both but it is quite slow to do so , but you do n't win fast at all . 
  even if you drop a leyline turn 0 and a chalice turn 1 , on the play , if you take 15 turns to win you still probably lose ... 
  the upside is that cabal pit just beats stuff like d&t and liliana is amazing against tnn/mongoose/etc . 
  smallpox is essentially the perfect answer to deathrite shaman , just do n't get it dazed . 
  i do n't play dark depths because there just is n't really room . 
  i wish there was , it would make the deck a lot faster . 
  but what do you drop for dark depths/thespian stage ? 
  raven 's crime is so damn good when you get it going though . 
  making your opponent discard three cards per turn is the only way you can beat things like storm in the long game . 
   clearly drs is a very powerful creature , but it might also be a thing that keeps lands , reanimator and other grave based decks in check . 
  no it is n't . 
  drs is terrible against combo . 
  mtgo leagues are n't tournaments . 
  anyway , ` placing ' in tournaments is n't really relevant for a deck that is played so little . 
  grixis delver is n't the best-placing deck because it 's the best possible deck , but because it 's extremely popular . 
  16 drs in top 8 . 
  44 drs in top 32 ( ~ 1/3 of decks ) . 
  not that bad , honestly . 
  fairly diverse meta . 
   it gets outclassed by goyf, 
  rug delver was the best deck in the format a long time after goyf was released . 
   angler and tnn, 
  same for tnn . 
  angler is n't particularly different . 
   baleful strix is a `` removal '' spell that kills it, 
  as it was beforehand , and is n't a widely played card anyway . 
   drs can make threshold not as guaranteed as it used to be, 
  * this is the reason * . 
   it may as well be a goose against any deck without stp, 
  that 's just dumb . 
  shroud is still * awesome * . 
  or you could play dark ritual and hippy ... 
  not remotely outdated imo, 
  killing basic lands is the most fun thing to do in all of magic imo . 
  players think ` haha , i have a basic island , your mana denial plan is over , fool ! ', 
  and i just sinkhole them . 
  or they fetch a basic swamp and play a drs with a smirk on their face and i smallpox it . 
  oh god that feels gooooood . 
  because they 're online , and online is a completely different meta to paper . 
  every time something happens in the format people go ` omg d&t is dead now ' because nobody plays it online , but as soon as a big proper tournament happens `` d&t is back '' . 
  but it 's just online vs. paper . 
   delver is fundamentally an aggro deck, 
  grixis delver kind of is , although not really . 
  ur delver absolutely is . 
  bug delver is n't , especially hymn/liliana ( i.e. 
  double-black ) bug delver . 
  it 's almost like they 're different decks or something . 
  rug delver was still the best delver deck for a very long time after abrupt decay and drs were printed . 
  the difference is that now drs is * super * widely played . 
  no , force of will is the one you never want to have to play . 
  there are like 5 burn decks in my local meta . 
  i have hydroblasts in my sideboard in some decks lol .
