  making them electorate mps would just mean they 'd get shoved into safe electorate seats they do n't really identify with , and they 'll be busy running the country anyway . 
  why do you need electorate mps when you have local/regional councils ? 
  an unwritten constitution has clear merits . 
  an unelected , non-political head of state has clear merits as well . 
  acting like they 're just implicitly , obviously issues is just as dumb as acting like they 're just obviously objectively better , which is the whole point of my comment . 
  christ alive . 
  shitty neoliberal economy has been stalled since thatcher . 
  shitty neoliberal economies result in massive gains for the rich , shit wage growth , high inequality , etc. 
  this has nothing to do with brexit and everything to do with being a terrible democracy with awful leaders and quite frankly a fairly stupid population that continues to vote for terrible parties , vote against proportional representation , and believe obviously bullshit newspapers . 
  get adblock you mong . 
  nz uses mmp and it 's crap . 
  it 's basically * designed * so that every party will end up doing deals with faux-independents , which gets them extra seats . 
  because their own electorate mps reduce their list mp count , but their allied independents ? 
  not at all . 
  new zealand and the uk both have unwritten constitutions and are better off for it . 
   the only real distinction between uncodified and codified constitutions is that it 's less clear how an uncodified constitution is supposed to work or how ( or if ) it can be changed . 
  how could anyone reasonably argue that that 's a good thing ? 
  the benefit is that you do n't have people going ` but muh constitution ' all the time like you do in the us . 
   imo elected , non-political heads of state , like in ireland , germany or italy , work better . 
  * elected * means * political * . 
  by definition . 
  do n't use the android youtube app , cucky . 
  it is n't . 
   of course it does n't . 
  it 's possible to play more than one color in a deck . 
  red is n't in 80 % of all decks though . 
  not even remotely close . 
  look at the mtgo league results for the last week . 
  it 's easily 70-80 % . 
   i feel like you 're acting like grixis delver is the only deck in the format . 
  it 's a very popular deck . 
  i did n't say ubr was the most popular , i said that individually they 're all popular . 
   blue absolutely is the most commonly played color . 
  black is pretty close , but it 's only bigger if you count literally every deck that sideboards surgical extraction or leyline of the void as a black deck even though they clearly are n't . 
  except i do n't count that . 
   bug delver , uw control , d&t , eldrazi , every stoneblade variant , every bug midrange variant ( shardless , aluren , food chain , etc. 
  ) , maverick , turbo depths , 12post variants , etc. 
  are all non-red decks . 
  and most of those decks put up essentially zero results , so they 're irrelevant . 
  i 'm talking about as a proportion of top 8s , which is the relevant statistic . 
   finally , i never said that there were n't any succcessful nonblue decks . 
  i play d&t and maverick , i 'm fully aware of that fact . 
  i 'm pointing out that blue is still the most played color by a very significant margin . 
  again , i 've already proved this . 
   against wasteland though , you barely have a win condition . 
  you have more manlands than they have wastelands , and you have more creatures than 0 . 
  holy shit dark depths landstill ... how is this not tier 1 ? 
  they were not . 
  you are n't going to lose to aggro with 3 lands on the board ... 
  obvious aussie is obvious, 
  maybe you should focus on discussing magic here rather than debating the meaning of the word ` proof ' based on a cursory google search . 
  i know people that work at the ird and i can assure you that * morning tea * is being paid for by your manager . 
  my work has catered lunches every day . 
  no reason it should be any different for the council . 
  do you know javascript ? 
  software startups are fairly sweet to work for . 
  in all seriousness , playing bob in a deck with 4 forces is fine , as you should be taking them out against fair decks anyway , and the rest of your curve will be pretty low . 
   depends entirely on how you define `` smokefree '' . 
  their current target is 95 % non-smokers . 
  that 's nearly as fucking stupid as the government 's idea of ` full employment ' . 
   yea , fuck other people 's mental health , right ? 
  fuck people who get offended at being belittled for their size , gender , abilities , sexual orientation . 
  do n't be a moron . 
  friendly banter is n't anything to be offended by . 
   fuck people who do n't want to be forced into sex , those people are just prudes , right ? 
  i do n't see where he gave ` rape ' as an example of things defence force members should get as a benefit . 
  could you point it out ? 
   fuck people who care about others and how things not only affect them personally , but how it affects the morale of a team . 
  bullying is just character building , right ?!, 
  banter is n't bullying . 
  banter raises morale . 
   i 've managed my whole life without touching a smoke , and not once have i thought to myself `` you know what , i really fucking hate my job . 
  if only i could smoke right now '' . 
  not once . 
  okay ? 
  you 're not everyone . 
   not once have i been on operation , exercise , or even on a ship and thought `` oh man , i really wish i could be drunk right now because that would be such a decent use of my time '' . 
  what if you want to consume alcohol , normally , healthily and safely , like a fucking adult , while in the * god damn navy * . 
  it 's the fucking * navy * . 
  if you ca n't have a fucking drink in the * navy * what has the world come to ? 
   fuck you , man . 
  you 're the reason people hate their time in the nzdf . 
  you 're a bully and a bigot and that attidude can not be allowed to continue . 
  fuck you and fuck everyone like you . 
  you 're the cancer that is eating away at society . 
  i certainly fucking hope we do n't let armed foreign bodyguards into our country with their guns out . 
  what a load of bullshit . 
  stop promoting pc bullshit . 
  then he should n't have fucking sexually assaulted someone , should he ? 
  except you do n't want a ` safe workplace ' . 
  you want so much more than that . 
  you want a workplace devoid of humanity . 
  you want everything to be sterile and unable to offend . 
   \u0100pirana ngata ( the guy on the $ 50 note ) was super racist against asians . 
  any actual evidence of this ? 
   kate sheppard ( the broad on the $ 10 note ) only wanted to get women the vote so they could ban alcohol . 
  this one is sadly true . 
  they just spend less on salaries to compensate ... 
  fuck you, 
  counterspell is not too powerful .
