  you know you are n't paid to drive to work . 
  go and seriously suggest to your employer they pay you to drive to work . 
  they will laugh in your face . 
   i understand and i object . 
  that 's what you are missing here . 
  you are arguing that people should be discriminated against in a way that businesses are not and i am arguing the opposite . 
  again , thinking that ' a business ' is a thing that exists . 
  how many times do i have to tell you that there is no such thing as ' a business ' legally ? 
  nobody is ` discriminated against ' . 
  you just do n't understand what it means to work . 
  you do n't even seem to understand the difference between driving from your workplace to another workplace for work purposes and driving from your home to your workplace . 
  they 're clearly qualitatively different . 
  the plumber turns up in a vehicle * owned by his employer * and is * paid by his employer * while driving and * paid by his employer * as he drives back . 
  you come in * your own car * and are n't paid . 
  you could go to a bar near your workplace afterwards . 
  do they pay for the taxi ride home afterwards ? 
  is that tax deductible ? 
  no of fucking course it is n't . 
   if i like to wear shorts and jandals every day but my work requires a shirt and pants i should be allowed to deduct all my shirts and pants . 
  no you should n't . 
  owning pants and shirts is part of being a functioning adult . 
  that you choose to dress like a child when not at work is not the fault of the taxpayer you want to steal from . 
   they should be forced to , failing that i should be allowed to deduct that cost . 
  they are forcing me to dress a certain way . 
  you * already own that clothing * . 
  it 's your clothing . 
  you choose what to wear . 
  you have to wear clothing * up to a standard * but it 's not their clothing . 
  they do n't pick it out for you . 
  it 's not a uniform , it 's just a standard of attire . 
  there is clearly a difference . 
   clothes i am forced to buy . 
  it 's not your employer 's fault you dress like a child and do n't have clothes of the necessary standard for work . 
   a part of being a human being is choosing what you want to wear and what clothes to buy . 
  if i am forced to wear a certain style of clothing then they should pay for it , failing that i should be allowed to deduct it . 
  you are n't forced to wear a certain * style * of clothing you are required to wear a certain * standard * of clothing . 
  it 's not a uniform and it 's not safety gear , so they are n't required to pay for it and own it . 
  if they are n't required to pay for it , then it is n't work clothing . 
  it 's your clothing , which you own , and you control , and you can wear whenever you like . 
  that you choose to only wear it to work is your own stupid fault . 
  the taxpayer should n't get less tax just because you think * shorts * are appropriate clothes for an adult . 
   how many times do i need to explain this . 
  the expenses i am talking about are incurred for the purpose of generating income for myself . 
  no they are n't . 
  buying clothes , paying rent , transporting yourself around , these are all things you have to do anyway . 
   it should be a tax on what is left over after i pay all my expenses like a business . 
  it is . 
  you just do n't understand what a business expense is . 
  you still do n't understand the difference between driving a company car from your workplace to another workplace while being paid and driving your own personal car from your home to work while not being paid . 
   people are taxes on revenue, 
  no , again , people are taxed on their income . 
  you can be in business under your own name , with no companies involved whatsoever . 
  you are aware of that , right ? 
  you are aware that you can perform business activities in your own name ? 
  if you were a web developer and you started making websites from home , in your own name , no companies would be involved . 
  it would be purely transactions between you , yourself , the human individual person called / u/glomerular and others . 
  any expenses for this purpose could be deducted from your income for tax purposes . 
  if you bought a new computer for the purpose of doing work , you could expense this . 
  i do n't know why you think this is about companies . 
  it has nothing to do with companies and nothing to do with individuals . 
  the difference is that you do n't understand what a business expense is , and keep repeatedly talking as if ' a business ' pays different tax than you . 
  it 's the exact same set of rules . 
   see above . 
  i should be able to deduct every expense related earning income . 
  you can . 
  you just do n't understand what ` related ' means . 
  or maybe you do , but are trolling . 
  or maybe you 're not trolling , but * actually genuinely * are so unbelievably ignorant that you think that it 's at all reasonable for your * meals * to be business expenses . 
  are you claiming that you would n't eat anything if you did n't work ? 
  fuck what a moron . 
   i am not confused . 
  i just disagree with you . 
  you disagree with me , but you 're also very confused . 
  for example , you do n't seem to understand that employed plumbers are paid by their employers while driving their company-owned vans to their workplaces . 
  yet that 's basic common knowledge . 
  males pay more for car insurance though . 
  they base the costs on your gender ... 
  good . 
  boys are let down by the system and need the extra support . 
   do n't tell me someones home is their `` investment '', 
  it is an investment . 
   its not like people have a choice whether or not to live in shelter . 
  yes they do . 
  you can rent or buy . 
  whether you choose to invest in property and live in it instead of investing in something else and renting should not affect your taxation . 
   but if i buy a house , i buy it to live in . 
  if you buy stocks you get dividends from them and you can sell them for capital gains , but you still pay tax . 
   same if i buy a car , i buy it to use . 
  okay ? 
  a house is still an investment whether or not you want to live in it . 
   if i buy something to use , then i am using it ... what gives you the right to make me pay each year to use something i bought ? 
  nobody is doing that . 
  actually learn what you 're talking about first . 
  capital gains tax is only paid when you realise the gain , when you sell it and actually get the gain . 
  and it 's not for ` using it ' , it 's a tax on your income , just like income tax but for capital gains . 
  an annual fee to use your house is called ` rates ' you muppet and it already exists . 
  capital gains tax is only an annual fee if you buy a new house every year . 
   are you going to make people pay an annual fee ( which your tax is ) to buy cars ? 
  people are already required to pay registration fees for cars . 
  and yet , capital gains tax applies to all capital assets .
