  i emphatically disagree . 
  yes , let 's . 
  why would we want poor immigrants that will just leech off the government when we can have rich immigrants that will bring money and resources and business connections to our country ... ? 
  it means that it has in some sense a ` full ' earthquake . 
  if you look at a fault , it 's a bit long line on a map , right ? 
  the way earthquakes work is that as the tectonic plates move , a large amount of pressure forms . 
  when that pressure gets too high , it slips and an earthquake happens . 
  now when that happens , two things can happen . 
  one is that that 's it . 
  it slips in that place , and that 's it . 
  the other possibility is that a movement in one area causes increased strain beside it , which causes an earthquake there . 
  so large earthquakes are the result of stress being released that causes a chain of releases of stress . 
  small earthquakes are the result of stress being released that causes a smaller chain . 
  so a magnitude 1.0 earthquake is a very small `` chain reaction '' . 
  the reason some faults have a sort of `` maximum magnitude '' that they can get to - and for the alpine fault this is about 8.5 - is that they only have a certain length . 
  so the maximum magnitude is reached if a rupture occurs along the entire length of the fault . 
  in the case of an alpine fault earthquake , seismologists believe that it would likely start somewhere in fiordland and end somewhere around arthur 's pass . 
  it 's complicated because the faults in marlborough are very complex . 
  anyway , in that case , it would be a very long and slow and powerful earthquake . 
  in christchurch , the earthquake would be much less strong than the 2011 february earthquake ( as it would basically be dampened by travelling so far through so much rock in the southern alps , but at the same time it would be accentuated by the soil we 're on ) , so instead of being 10 seconds of extremely strong shaking , it would be more like 3 minutes of the rolling motion we had in the very recent quake . 
  are automatic tsunami warning systems possible ? 
  so when a massive earthquake is detected , tsunami warning systems can sound * immediately * instead of after humans have checked ? 
   i was n't originally talking about the criminal law , but sentence-length as a metric does n't regard the facts of individual cases . 
  the facts of individual cases are n't relevant . 
  we 're not talking about one male case and one female case , we 're talking about * all cases in general * . 
  there is a bias . 
   you do n't think unconscious bias exists ? 
  if it does exist , what alternative system would you use to mitigate it ? 
  firstly , it does n't matter if it does exist . 
  secondly , there 's little evidence to show that it does exist . 
  thirdly , there 's little evidence to show that unconscious biases actually affect decision-making in the hiring process . 
  fourthly , even if it does exist , and does affect decisions , that still is n't justification for discriminatory programmes . 
  if you want to actually solve this problem , assuming it is a problem , you do that through education . 
   i do n't think most feminists are criminals who will breach privacy law to hurt people , even if a fringe minority will . 
  i did n't say they were . 
  cherry picking reality ? 
  what the fuck are you talking about ? 
  no , i do n't agree . 
  they 're heavily influenced by each other and are clearly in the same category of music . 
   first of all , investing in immigrants with few resources allows them to build up their lives , become productive citizens , and therefore benefit the economy . 
  poorer people 's natural state is not ` to leech off the government . ', 
  and not bringing people here that need to be ` invested in ' when we could be using that money to invest in people that already live here will benefit the economy even more . 
   secondly , and imo most importantly , it 's our duty as global citizens to help people in need , no matter how rich / poor they are . 
  no it is n't . 
  there is no moral duty whatsoever to accept hordes of economic migrants . 
  refugees are one thing . 
  people that just do n't like their country and want to come here despite having no money and no skills can stay out . 
   if we only allow rich immigrants into the country we are denying thousands of marginalized people the chance of a better life, 
  no , we are n't . 
  we are denying billions of people the chance of a better life . 
  as much as it might please your bleeding heart to do so , we ca n't help everyone in the world . 
  we are ** much ** better off helping those countries become better places to live - which we do through foreign aid - than we are accepting a few hundred immigrants that are rich enough to afford to fly here but not to provide for themselves once they are here . 
  brain draining the third world is morally indefensible . 
   scotland and sweden probably have more in common with nz . 
  scotland is part of britain you dolt . 
  swedish people honestly have little in common with new zealanders . 
   england if anything has more in common with france imo . 
  although i never expect you to believe it , but i 've travelled a lot in all three countries and now understand enough french to see the strong similarities . 
  i have no reason to disbelieve you . 
  many new zealanders have travelled overseas and those travels help to inform our national culture . 
  i 'm proud to live in a country that is accepting of people from all cultures that are willing to work hard , and i think a big part of that is that a lot of new zealanders travel overseas and many of them live overseas for part of their 20s or 30s . 
  we honestly have more in common with britain than we do with australia . 
  i know a lot of immigrants from britain , most of them are from england . 
  honestly , they 're so common that often i do n't even notice that they have english accents . 
  right , but it 's still concerning , because :, 
  * that number does n't include immigrants ( or people on student visas ? ), 
  * that number does n't include corporations or trusts, 
   are you suggesting that you would be comfortable for anyone found in possession of explosives recipes not to be charged , or at least flagged , under anti-terrorism laws ? 
  anti-terrorism laws are stupid . 
  they 've always been stupid . 
  they 're a perfect example of why you should n't draft laws based on hysteria . 
  being in possession of a recipe is not a crime and should n't be a crime . 
  it 's a component of the actual crime of conspiracy to commit murder , and it 's potential evidence in a charge under that crime . 
  but it should n't be a crime in and of itself , for the obvious reason that if you are n't planning to actually do anything wrong then you have n't actually done anything wrong . 
  and nobody should be `` flagged '' for anything . 
   `` i would n't use it for illegal purposes '' probably would n't cut it . 
  you do n't have to give any justification whatsoever . 
  you have no obligation to defend yourself or to attempt to defend yourself . 
  the burden of proof is * entirely * on the crown to * prove beyond all reasonable doubt * that you were conspiring to actually do something illegal . 
  this government is far more corrupt than muldoon 's , mate . 
  far , far more corrupt . 
  well it should be properly stamped out . 
  no , it definitely is . 
  how are they not socially centrist ? 
  how are they not economically liberal ? 
  if i remember correctly , more like 3-4 minutes . 
  obligatory `` fuck stephen harper '' ? 
  i think that srs is actually just a sarcastic circlejerk . 
  then again , / pol / started off that way too . 
  it 's not at all bullshit . 
   what ... ? 
  men need feminism to break down the bullshit gender stereotyping that results in men suffering because they have to be `` manly '' and not `` weak like women '' or whatever the bullshit is . 
  men do n't suffer because they `` have to be ` manly ' '' . 
  men suffer because government policies have been put in place that make men worse off . 
  ` gender stereotyping ' ... ? 
   again ... what ... ? 
  where did i try to justify men dying in the workplace ? 
  that 's fucking stupid . 
  you 're fucking stupid . 
  maybe read your own posts .
