  so they do n't actually go that well together . 
  i think maybe instead of the creatures giving all the abilities sac effects , they could trigger from saccing archetype tokens . 
  so instead you could try this :, 
   when kadir apothecary enters the battlefield , invent . 
  * ( to invent , create a colorless archetype artifact token with '' { 2 } : sacrifice this artfact . 
   whenever you sacrifice an artifact , you gain 2 life . 
  within limited , what would change would be that these cards get better in multiples . 
  outside of limited , they would work better with existing artifact decks . 
   bird 's eye view, 
  flying for 2 mana is really , really bad . 
  flying and +2 / +2 for 2 mana is okay , at instant speed . 
  at sorcery-speed it 's really bad , it 's basically just shocking your opponent , for 2 mana . 
  the main benefit of these effects is that they 're instant . 
  at sorcery-speed they 're just * trash * . 
   the soulcaller, 
  arashin cleric exists . 
  this effect really is n't that powerful . 
   well , an 8 was `` if everything goes perfectly '' , while a 10 was `` i never say never , but this needs a major miracle '' . 
  if you believe the storm scale accurately measures how likely mechanics are to come back , then 8 and 10 both mean that it 's very , very unlikely . 
  the difference between 8 and 10 is essentially nothing . 
  everything in that range would never be reprinted if maro ran r&d . 
  thankfully , maro does n't run r&d , and the storm scale does n't accurately represent things , so a 2-point difference on it means nothing . 
   storm 's not coming back . 
  it was just way too strong . 
  the only mechanic that is inherently strong is dredge , because what is on the card does n't really matter . 
  an 8 mana 1/1 with dredge 8 would be overpowered . 
  the same is not true of storm , or any other mechanic i can recall . 
  storm has costs , it has effects . 
  it 's like any other mechanic . 
  the problem is that when wotc makes a mechanic and makes all the cards with the mechanic super cheap , then fill up standard with enablers for the mechanic , then it dominates , they say `` wow what an overpowered mechanic '' . 
  and when they make a mechanic and make all the cards with the mechanic overcosted and bad , they say `` an underpowered mechanic , we wo n't do that again players hated it . '', 
  that 's just ignorant though . 
  if storm cards were too powerful in the past ( which is n't even the case , as the existence of rituals , which they do n't print any more , is required for storm cards to ever be ` too good ' ) then just make the cards with storm cost more . 
  simple . 
   storm is like banding . 
  no it is n't . 
  banding is difficult to word on cards , is very complex , and does n't even produce good gameplay when you understand it and use it correctly . 
  storm , on the other hand , is simple and fun . 
   people joke about wanting it to come back , but it just does n't do fun things for a constructed environment . 
  storm leads to 10 minute turns where one player twiddles their thumbs , banding leads to 10 minute `` wait , damage does what now ? '', 
  that 's just objectively , patently not true . 
  the only deck i can think of where that would be true is when * really * bad players play the modern blue-red storm deck , or high tide in legacy . 
  but tendrils decks have never been ` twiddle your thumbs ' decks , for example . 
  storm is n't an inherently combo-tastic mechanic , anyway . 
  flusterstorm , for example , is a great but balanced reactive storm card . 
  they could easily print more flusterstorms and fewer mind 's desires . 
  again , this is just an example of wotc saying `` mechanic x is y '' without stopping to think `` well maybe we should just not make it y then . '', 
  it should n't though . 
  a couple of commons in each colour is absolutely enough to achieve that . 
  do you play limited ? 
  this is 2 mana for , almost always , no more than 3 life . 
  it 's very rare that this will get you more life than that , and when it does you 're way ahead on board anyway . 
   both mighty leap and moment of heroism play quite powerfully in limited . 
  this is quite likely a 10 point life swing , as on a random 3/3 it 's a 5/5 lifelink flier , which is reasonably likely to connect . 
  that 's pretty dang strong . 
  at sorcery-speed it 's just * so * bad . 
  but it * should n't * be . 
  ` they do n't untap during your next untap step ' more than easily fits on the card , and then the card just does what it says on the tin without people having to ask ` what was that mechanic from amonkhet again ? ', 
   with regards to the positioning of dnt , i personally have found that the deck losing its dtb status is an accurate representation of the deck right now . 
  i really disagree . 
  i do n't think the deck has changed at all , frankly . 
  it continually gets new printings that push it more and more . 
  a few people tried out some splashes after top was banned , which led to half the subreddit going apeshit thinking it was the end of mono-w d&t . but they were just overreacting . 
  the deck is basically in exactly the same position it was before . 
  is this a joke ? 
  photo of a screen with a spreadsheet ? 
  you do realise there 's pros/cons to each approach and different people settle on different ones , right ? 
  pretty much all the time before roughly zendikar ? 
  as i 've explained elsewhere , the ` storm scale ' is garbage . 
  yes it is . 
  set mechanics do n't have to have more than half a dozen cards , you know . 
  nobody is saying it should be the primary , most plentiful mechanic of a set . 
  and again , cards with storm that can win are actually * completely fine * . 
  what would a storm card do in standard right now ? 
  fucking nothing . 
  what are you going to combine it with ? 
  where are the rituals ? 
  the cheap card filtering ? 
  the tutors ? 
  nowhere , because * they are what is broken * . 
  not the payoff cards . 
  i feel like people suddenly switch from thinking about standard to imagining every card in the context of legacy and vintage when ` storm ' is mentioned . 
  if anyone genuinely thinks that * any * card with storm would be good in standard right now , or in * any * standard in the last 5 + years , i think they 're fooling themselves . 
   there is an actual difference between 8 and 10 on the storm scale, 
  and the storm scale literally does n't matter . 
  they 've reprinted more than one mechanic that is high on the storm scale . 
   there is no upside to printing more storm cards, 
  that 's just not true . 
  there are lots of upsides to bringing back fan-favourite mechanics . 
   lots of potential downside, 
  in fact there is zero potential downside if they 're balanced correctly . 
   there 's just no reason for them to risk bringing it back over a new mechanic . 
  that just is n't true . 
  there 's no basis for saying that . 
   it was a deeply problematic mechanic on multiple fronts . 
  it absolutely was n't , though . 
  that 's just plain misinformation . 
  it was essentially * never * good in standard . 
   it 's not coming back when so much room exists to just develop a new mechanic to fill that niche . 
  that 's just not based in reality or fact .
