  * ramps you *, 
  * kills your opponent *, 
  you * like * that it offers preboard interaction against graveyard decks ? 
  assuming you mean lands , dredge and reanimator like the person you replied to , surely you recognise that the whole point of graveyard decks is that they 're great game 1 but suffer horribly from hate games 2/3 , and that they are very easily hated out of the meta ? 
  that 's a fallacy . 
  banning drs does n't mean they 're going to ban every good card . 
  every other potentially bannable card is hateable through sideboarding well . 
  cards like top and drs are n't . 
   if only there were some other fair , tier one deck that could keep the deathrite decks in check ... oh right , we whined that one into being banned !, 
  do n't be inane . 
   i think the problem is that there are n't enough medium length legacy events where people can test brews at comp rel and post results . 
  with so few medium-to-large events i think people feel pressured to play the best deck they can . 
  99 % of legacy players never have and never will play in a gp . 
  i really disagree . 
  i think it 's a good thing that there are decks that force you to play some graveyard hate in your sideboard . 
  i think it 's a good thing that you can choose to give up your matchup to some of those decks in exchange for sideboard slots . 
  i like that you can predict a metagame will be soft to a deck and play it and do well . 
  i like that the meta can change over time due to people playing different sideboard cards and mainboard 1-ofs and 2-ofs , instead of it just changing whenever wotc prints some fucking * insane * card like drs or leovold or monastery mentor ( or bans something ) . 
  rest in peace is n't particularly interesting when you play it , but i do n't think that means it 's uninteresting as a card , whether you put it in your deck is interesting . 
  drs is to me much more boring than rip . 
  drs essentially wins the game as soon as you play it against a lot of decks . 
  bant is by far the most fun , but unfortunately , deathblade is probably the best . 
   so let 's talk ant sideboards . 
  i 'm very interested in dropping green out of the main, 
  you do n't need green in the main to sideboard green cards . 
  in fact , the sideboard trop is the standard way to sideboard . 
  taking green out of the deck is really silly , imo . 
  the green cards are insanely good in the deck . 
  it 's just bandwagoning , and it 's actually less common than you might think , as one particular guy that 's done it has 5-0 'd on mtgo about a hundred times in the last week . 
  lands is better than it was before . 
  i do n't disagree that it 's pretty shit to play dredge and get rip 'd . 
  but i 'd rather have that be more common in the format than the current situation where there 's a card that is just blatantly too powerful in the format . 
  like sure the nongames where someone plays a rip and just outright beats dredge is a nongame , but it 's still better than the hundreds and hundreds of nongames where someone plays a drs and basically wins the game on the spot . 
  it 's like when someone plays top into counterbalance and the game goes on for 20 minutes , but was actually won on turn 2 by the miracles player . 
  no other deck or card does this in such an insidious way . 
  i feel like drs is a bit like sol ring in edh . 
  sol ring is clearly , totally too powerful for the format , it does n't do anything good for the format at all . 
  drs does a few good things , maybe , but it 's mostly just bad for the format . 
  legacy is a format where cards like wasteland and rishadan port exist , and yet somehow the best decks in the format all have 3 or 4 colours , a lot of them 4 . 
  instead of having ur , uwr , ugr , ubr and ubg delver decks , we have ubrg delver and ur delver , the latter of which is 2c because it plays price of progress , not because of mana denial . 
  playing 4 colours should be risky imo . 
  it should be a metagame play . 
  it should n't be basically the objectively best choice in an open metagame . 
  to be honest i 've found jace pretty disappointing lately too . 
  i often play him and he just does n't do anything . 
  to be fair , those were basically lost games already . 
  but there are just so many situations where the card does fuck all now , it used to be much better before cards like leovold . 
  how many players in total ? 
  is this 5 out of 50 or 5 out of 7 ? 
  storm is easier when you have forces and spell pierces , not harder imo . 
  drs is awful against lands , though . 
  it dies to removal . 
  i said * essentially wins the game * . 
  and we 're not talking about something you ` have to untap with ' on turn 7 . 
  it 's a turn 1 play , and the best turn 1 play in the format at that . 
  it completely disables mana denial strategies , essentially . 
  yeah because spending my dismembers on mana dorks that can be cast off of an underground sea that make my tarmogoyfs and mongooses smaller and invalidate half my deck , only for my opponent to play a gurmag angler or a young pyromancer , that 's my * favourite * . 
  i cast my spicy one-of mardu charm in response to a stoneforge mystic activation once . 
  the look on my opponent 's face was priceless . 
  discard against stoneforge is great . 
  http://www.starcitygames.com/tags/legacy~shaheensoorani/2011-02-15/2017-05-15 is a better list of articles - only ones about legacy and with a broader date range . 
  and * that core did not originally build itself * . 
  that 's not an obvious core at all . 
  nobody played before amonkhet , nobody plays after amonkhet . 
  all my local fnms have been draft for over a decade . 
  the reality is that standard is for newer players and modern is for more experienced players . 
  modern is expensive , but it looks a lot less expensive when you 've played magic even just since ktk - which is a very recent set from the perspective of most experienced players - as you have things like fetchlands and some ( non-ideal but still playable ) fetchable and non-fetchable duals . 
  so you 'll always get a flow of players moving from standard to modern . 
  have done for years . 
  that 's always happened . 
  people move from standard to modern , they used to move from standard to extended , they moved from standard to legacy ( and still do ) , they move from standard to commander . 
  i do n't think it 's really a massive indictment of standard that people stop playing it and start playing more stable formats . 
  we 're not talking about standard though . 
   the internet was n't the monolithic format solver it is now, 
  the internet does n't solve formats now any faster than it did literally 10 years ago . 
  as recently as ptogw a format was utterly broken by a pt team . 
  people on the internet are * very * bandwagony . 
  people do n't play decks because they 're the theoretically best deck , they play a deck because it 's popular and well-known . 
  there 's not much information out there about off-kilter and unpopular ( but potentially very good ) decks . 
  amulet bloom in modern was out there being discussed on forums and played by people for * years * before it was popularly discovered , and within a year summer bloom was banned . 
   that is n't true , standard gets solved very quickly nowadays, 
  because the format is much simpler than it used to be , and more linear . 
   and this is a relitively recent phenomenon, 
  no , it is n't . 
   deck tech can remain hidden in stardard but breakout strats not so much . 
  again , the whole point of pvddr 's video is that they tried to break the format and failed . 
  that 's not because it 's impossible to break formats in ` this day and age ' , it 's because it 's impossible to break formats that are simple and linear like current-era standards . 
  again , this has * nothing * to do with the internet or the ` modern world ' or anything . 
  the format is just * less deep * . 
  there is n't a pool of the same staples from core sets to build niche strategies around , so you need to get all your cards in your decks from non-core sets ( because there are no core sets ! ), 
  and there are fewer decks that have enough cards . 
  to put it another way , when core sets existed you could build a deck following a particular theme or mechanic more easily because you could fill it out with generic cards that were good , from the core set . 
  now you ca n't do that . 
  for example , you ca n't consistently build a generic green deck in standard without something like elvish mystic or birds of paradise . 
  you ca n't consistently build a generic burn/rdw deck in standard without a core set giving you lightning strike . 
  yeah * some * standard support * some * of these decks , but you used to be able to build a relatively generic ` ramp into big stuff ' deck or ` play small creatures and burn spells ' deck , and fill the deck with cards from sets , but with a core of core set cards , in ** every ** standard . 
  pauper is good , but it has some fairly severe limitations with the rarity restrictions . 
  for example , there are basically no sweepers . 
  it 's interesting playing in a format with no sweepers , but it plays very differently from every other format as a result , and in a way i do n't really like . 
  there 's no real way to punish someone for just dropping their entire hand out onto the battlefield .
