  99.9 % of the population not only do n't know about this so-called issue , they also do n't give a shit about any of the other irrelevant american ` issues ' relating to this shit . 
  they do n't care about ` thought police ' or ` censorship ' or ` trans * ' . 
  about the closest they 've come to caring about it is gender quotas . 
   issues like the auckland housing crisis often do n't register below the bombay hills ( `` do n't live in auckland '' ), 
  in the cities there are housing crises . 
  outside the cities the regions are struggling . 
  labour talks about the issues in the regions all the time . 
   the greens, 
  again , media . 
  the media tells people that the greens as viewed as x , and big surprise , people start viewing the greens as x. 
   andrew little, 
  again , media . 
  phil goff was fine , david shearer was fine , david cunliffe was fine and andrew little is fine . 
  they were all fine . 
  the media harrassed them and treated them like shit , did n't stop talking about any issue they had in the party , focused on them 24/7 , and what happened ? 
  people viewed them negatively . 
  what a surprise . 
  if the media focused on the issues of the national government constantly for years day in and day out , they 'd be viewed pretty fucking negatively too . 
  instead every time there 's an issue , it 's forgotten about within a single 24 hour news cycle . 
   labour 's tirade against any new piece of road, 
  new roads do n't solve any issues . 
  labour is n't against building roads , anyway . 
  the only party ` tirading ' against anything relating to transport is the national party , which is basically the only party that 's totally opposed to any and all public transport . 
   correct . 
  but here 's the important point : the skills required to recognise the right people to run a marketing campaign are very similar to the skills required to recognise the right people to run the country . 
  no it is n't . 
  if it were , the nats would n't have chosen susan fucking devoy as race relations soundbite expert . 
   labour and the greens seem adamant that anyone who is poor is destined to remain poor for the rest of their lives and therefore must vote to become as dependent on the state as possible . 
  that 's just reality . 
  that 's how it works . 
  it 's not changing any time soon . 
   being on the highest tax rate sucks , i see no real benefit but see more and more of my money siphoned away . 
  the health system is inefficient and bloated , and i 'm told i need to pay more into it to fix it , but the reality is at this point i basically double pay for healthcare by going private whenever viable . 
  the health system is neither inefficient nor bloated . 
  in fact , it 's incredibly lean . 
  they do a lot with very , very little money . 
  they work insane hours . 
  they have cut all the inefficiencies they can . 
  private healthcare contributes towards the problem . 
   the people constantly telling those on higher incomes they should pay more tax seem to miss the point that taxes are supposed to pay for shit that actually benefits the individual taxpayer , we pay into the system because in return it is supposed to provide a framework of stability that allowed us to earn the wealth in the first place , it is not a forced charity , and should never be . 
  that 's just factually untrue . 
  tax is n't an exchange of services . 
  it 's a * responsibility * to society . 
  gambling , smoking and drinking are psychologically and/or chemically addictive . 
  they create dependencies . 
  they destroy lives . 
  when we have such terribly poor mental health systems and poor support networks and poor support services , of fucking course a small portion of people will spend all their benefit on pokies . 
   anti gmo, 
  there are lots and lots of examples of genetically modified organisms having negative environmental effects . 
  weedkiller-resistance genes spreading into weeds , for example . 
  patented crops spreading into neighbouring fields , then those farmers being sued for patent infringement . 
  all sorts of nasty shit . 
  foreign investment is * terrible * for the economy . 
  the drawback of dividends leaving the country far outweigh any benefits . 
  police . 
  fire services . 
  healthcare . 
  education . 
  benefits . 
  military . 
  foreign relations . 
  civic defence . 
  disaster recovery . 
  prisons . 
  courts . 
  these are all crucially important for the functioning of our society . 
  it 's not ` racist bullshit ' . 
  the reality is that maori and pacific islanders are much , much more overweight on average than pakeha . 
   fonterra 's milk in schools program is one way they acknowledge that the `` right to operate '' in our society should not be taken for granted . 
  fonterra 's milk in schools programme is a tiny drop in the bucket . 
  it 's a small , irrelevant bit of propaganda and marketing . 
  it 's much , much less than the cost of the water they use and the cost we will need to bear to repair the environmental and infrastructural damage they cause . 
  their trucks cause a large amount of the wear on nz 's roads , especially given that on a huge number of roads the only significant heavy traffic is milk tankers . 
   our stable economy backed by our legal system , road and rail infrastructure , property rights , currency , and trade agreements have all been built up over generations . 
  none of us pay , in any year , for the full value we get from these things . 
  somethings are n't user-pays but are ours to enjoy and maintain for the future . 
  like water . 
  free irrigation for farmers is a subsidy . 
  it 's corporate welfare . 
  it 's also wrong . 
  we should n't be subsidising dirty industry . 
   taxpayers across europe pay to fund $ 58bn of annual farming subsidies, 
  `` it 's worse over here '' does n't mean it 's not bad here . 
   lets fuck around with exemptions, 
  no , we should just get rid of gst . 
  what was suggested above was not an exemption , it was a subsidy . 
  i 'm not saying we should do that . 
  but your moronic response about exemptions was completely off topic . 
   double the size of our ird, 
  frankly the ird has an amazing return on investment . 
  putting more money into the ird is just obviously a good idea . 
  what other government department * makes a fucking profit * ? 
  they * collect tax * . 
  their size and their costs are so minuscule compared to the revenue they bring , and they could bring more if they had more funding . 
   make it a bitch for companies to file taxes, 
  a couple of gst exemptions would not do that . 
  neither would abolishing the terrible , regressive , stupid tax that gst is . 
  that just does n't work or make sense . 
  earmarking government income for particular purposes just puts a floor on the amount that area gets . 
  they say ` this money will go to education ' , and sure , it does , but then the money that was already going to education just gets shuffled around so the same total amount goes to education .
