  many countries do much better than the uk , with higher company tax rates . 
  yet tories act like a higher company tax will grind the economy to a halt . 
   what other person do you suppose is fighting for howland 's sake ? 
  nobody fights for howland 's sake . 
  someone joins the tournament . 
  we have no way to know that they had anything to do with howland . 
  fuck , it could * be * howland . 
  that actually makes more sense . 
  jojen is astonished that bran is n't told the story because his father probably told it a million times to them when they grew up , because howland was actually the knight . 
  they 're surprised everyone does n't know the story , the way their father tells it makes it sound like everyone knows it . 
  that 's more plausible to me . 
  i do n't think you understand english . 
   jee , if it 's that simple how did nobody ever notice it before ? 
  they already have noticed it you fool , ** that 's why nearly everyone outside of the uk has higher company tax ** . 
  christ alive . 
  this is exactly the parochialism i 'm talking about . 
  the british exceptionalism . 
  british tax rates are x ? 
  obviously raising it above x is insane . 
  nobody could ever do that . 
  that would be nuts . 
  that 's never been tried before !!!!, 
  except it has , to good results , by basically everyone . 
  uk , late again . 
   if you think i 'm implying the uk is n't currently a sovereign state you are mistaken . 
  well you were implying that , whether you meant to or not . 
   sovereignty is n't a boolean `` yes '' or `` no '' ( obviously this is different to being `` a sovereign state '' as that it is a boolean , as i 've just said , we are already in the ` yes ' camp ) . 
  actually that 's exactly what it is . 
  it 's boolean . 
  a state is either sovereign or not . 
   i 'm lost for words . 
  i still ca n't believe how easily you 've dismissed the nber paper . 
  the correlation it found was irrefutable . 
  except by the many , many papers that show that a higher rate of company tax would not significantly negatively affect the economy , would raise revenue , and would allow other taxes ( vat , for example , which inhibits economic growth to a much greater extent ) to be lowered which would have a net positive effect . 
  again , you can find papers to support whatever outcome you like . 
   in which case , you wo n't listen to experts . 
  where did i say i wo n't listen to experts ? 
  i 'm not swayed by your cherry-picked opinions . 
  you 're not an expert , you 're just citing a reference you 've copy-pasted from someone else . 
  you 're citing things that confirm what you already believe . 
  that 's my whole point . 
  anyone can find papers that back up what they say . 
  i 'm not saying the paper is rubbish . 
  i 'm saying that economics is , in general , a very unrigorous field . 
  compared to a proper scientific field it just does n't stand up on its own merits . 
  if you try to make testable predictions with economic orthodoxy you * fail * , consistently . 
   your views on socialist policies making the world better off are wrong , time and time again . 
  fairer distribution of wealth is not socialist . 
  it 's just very slightly different capitalism . 
  it 's capitalism with slightly different tax rates . 
  it 's not qualitatively different . 
  it 's slightly quantitatively different , in a fairer way . 
  it 's not an ideological war . 
  there 's a massive quantity of historical evidence that people were better off before neoliberalism . 
  society was * fairer * . 
  wages were higher . 
  in some places they were higher in * real * terms . 
  significantly higher . 
  productivity has kept rising at a high rate , while wages have n't kept up . 
  housing prices have skyrocketed and wages have n't kept up . 
  you seem to think that people want drastic change to some sort of communist society . 
  we do n't . 
  we literally want things to go back to how they were before . 
  this is * literally conservative * . 
  the conservative party should , by all rights , want to go back to before thatcher . 
  if their name meant anything , that is what they want . 
  they should not be the party of radical economic reform , and yet all they 're interested in doing is radical , proven-to-be-harmful , economic-crisis-inducing neoliberal reform . 
   do you know what corporation tax is ? 
  do you ? 
   it 's a tax on the profits of the corporations , the profit is after all else is considered . 
  this has nothing to do with rich people . 
  it has everything to do with the rich . 
  just like income tax on individuals is mostly paid by rich individuals , company tax is mostly paid by rich companies owned by rich people . 
   let 's use tesco as an example , when they have profits , they reinvest , meaning construction of new super markets , and thousands of jobs . 
  correction : when they have profits , they make a lot more money and that goes into the hands of their shareholders , who are mostly the rich . 
   this is good for everyone . 
  no , it 's good for the rich . 
  i ca n't believe that this sort of neoliberal trickle-down propaganda is so alive in 2017 . 
  where do you * get * this crap ? 
  it 's clearly * not * good for everyone , or everyone would be getting better off . 
  instead wage growth has been stagnant for decades . 
   the last time the uk put corporation tax down , the receipts actually increased . 
  please do n't try to pretend these are related . 
  those individuals being members of the saudi royal family . 
   please actually read the detail in my posts as i am making a distinction between `` sovereign state '' and `` sovereignty '' as they do mean different things . 
  a sovereign state is a state has has sovereignty . 
   tax companies heavily for robots in something known as a ` robot tax . ', 
  they use the robot tax to then redistribute wealth to all the unemployed people . 
  they could try to tax them enough to raise the capital for a basic income but not enough to make them uncompetitive . 
  no , you tax the people with incomes to provide incomes and services to everyone , just as we 've always done . 
   what if they 're just are n't enough people who want to do that stuff ? 
  i.e be a nurse or teacher which is an underpaid and difficult job . 
  they should react to market rates . 
  if there are n't enough , then their pay rates should increase until it 's a desirable job . 
  immigration creates a supply of labour that just is n't fair to existing workers . 
  it lowers the price of labour by creating an oversupply of it . 
  maybe i 'll take a different approach . 
  what proportion of their income do the poor spend ? 
  what drives the economy ? 
  it 's the poor spending that drives the economy .
