  or the stock market ? 
  are you retarded ? 
  america, 
  but i ca n't complain about modern being all about drawing the perfect narrow sideboard cards if i use broader sideboard cards !, 
  i 've done this because my meta has very few counterspells and lots of elves players . 
  our monarchy has no power . 
   but , the only reason this is the case is almost exclusively because of the treaty . 
  it 's designed to recognize two distinct societies , not race . 
  the original concessions were made , it 's not like we did it out of guilt or even feeling good like others who call for proportional representation of everything . 
  not really . 
  it 's entirely reasonable to understand the treaty as not causing an eternal , binding requirement to consult iwi on everything . 
  no it 's true in law as well . 
  her power is illusory . 
  what the fuck are you talking about ? 
  are you literally on drugs ? 
  what is this rubbish ? 
  dairy has no place in canterbury . 
  bring back sheep, 
  it 's simply not at odds with scientific consensus . 
  you 're misinformed . 
  wtf why, 
  just practice, 
  i disagree honestly . 
  modern is worse with bolt bad . 
  reducing botting by eliminating trading was tried by runescape in 2007 . 
  it was a bad idea then . 
  i do n't think that has changed . 
  the idea that a combat system is ` boring ' if it does n't involve manual/action combat ... wtf ? 
  you stated :, 
   require reflex 's in dodging , blocking , countering etc, 
  immediately after saying that combat systems were too simplistic . 
  the implication was that any combat system without this was too simplistic . 
   no it 's boring if it 's so simplistic that a basic ai can play the game optimally ... that 's just my opinion of course . 
  is chess boring ? 
  is go boring ? 
  are fpss boring because aimbots are easy to write ? 
  you 'll fit right in !, 
  can you please remove the party affiliation flairs ? 
  i think they taint the conversation . 
  people just downvote anyone with a national or act flair , they call anyone with a greens flair a welfare fraud supporter , they call anyone with a top flair naive , etc. 
  it 's promotes this tribalist view of politics where it 's all about if ` your team ' wins . 
  honestly i think we need a bit more fire and anger in nz politics . 
  the utter apathy of the public disgusts me . 
  i assume you 're joking ? 
  because they definitely do exist lol, 
  what the fuck are you talking about ? 
  no it is n't apples to damn oranges . 
   ai for playing chess, 
  chess is a game . 
  it 's a game that ai exists for , such that the ai is much , much better than the best human players ever to play the game , and will beat them every single time they play . 
  fpses are games . 
  aimbots for them are ai . 
  that ai will beat the best human players every time . 
   mmo bots, 
  again , mmos are games . 
  they are bottable , just like the other two . 
  they 're not ` vastly different ' , they 're categorically exactly the same thing . 
  that game is extremely terrible already . 
  being able to trade the the entire point of mmorpgs . 
  if you ` fix ' botting by removing the core gameplay of the entire genre , then you have n't actually accomplished anything . 
  i never said you did . 
  maybe actually read my comment before replying to it ? 
  people choose the flairs , and that 's a bad thing , because it 's tribalistic . 
  it makes all the conversations on this subreddit ` us vs. them ' in political discussions . 
  it 's a net negative impact on the subreddit . 
  parties are not tribes . 
  flairing yourself with a party encourages this view that they 're a group to be affiliated with and not a selection of policies to choose from . 
  4c loam , red prison as well . 
  bug delver is better than bug leovold . 
  cloudflare ? 
  they 're not serving static assets mate . 
  okay well you 're an idiot then, 
  i 'm not ` offended ' by it . 
  i just think he 's an idiot . 
  i 'm not even responding to ` the fact that he finds typical mmo combat boring and simplistic ' . 
  i 'm responding to the idiocy of him claiming that the only way it could be made ` interesting ' is through action combat or the ludicrous idea that action combat is somehow unbottable . 
  my flair is a joke . 
  ( did n't realise that setting it would remove the ` socialist ' one though . 
  oops . 
  should see if that can be reverted . 
  was intended to be a juxtaposition and funny . ), 
   we have such flairs there as a way for people to voluntarily express where they sit on the political spectrum . 
  which is a bad thing , as i 've just explained to you . 
  it promotes this tribalistic view of politics . 
  it 's something we do n't want in nz . 
  it 's very american . 
   we are n't going to stifle people 's ability to express their political opinions , least of all in an election year . 
  i 'm not saying you should . 
  i 'm saying that you should prevent people from * permanently labelling themselves as being affiliated with a particular party * , because it ruins political discourse . 
  i have been a professional software developer . 
  i have written bots for games . 
  i have written neural networks from scratch ( not that hard ) . 
  i am currently doing a phd in mathematical logic . 
  i think i know a fair bit about programming . 
   an aimbot that 's main code focus 's on simply targeting someone with basic vector math, 
  do you know anything about aimbots at all ? 
  simple spinbotting is very easy to detect . 
  making an aimbot look natural is incredibly difficult . 
  evading the anti-cheat systems that games have today - which are very complex - is incredibly difficult . 
   an ai that calculates chess gamestates,
