  that 's the effective tax rate paid by their overseas competitors anyway . 
  corporate tax rate is really not a good idea . 
  i say this as a very left-wing person . 
  it 's just not . 
  it 's a drag on the economy . 
  get rid of the corporate tax rate ( i.e. 
  a tax on productivity ) and introduce land value tax ( i.e. 
  a tax on unproductivity ) . 
  i bet those headlines about productivity in nz being low will fuck right off . 
  nope . 
  that 's what british people call the right-wing , and what new zealanders also call the right-wing . 
  nz culture is directly descended from british culture . 
   water does not belong to the govt, 
  all natural resources belong to the crown by default . 
   and noone owns air either . 
  many people interpret the treaty as saying iwi own the air . 
   your trying to push a hate tax on farmers . 
  the rest of the country does n't want that . 
  they simply want royalties on bottles . 
  it 's a royalty on water to offset the massive negative externalities of that water use . 
  it is a catch-all for the nz national party though , and is widely used to mean that . 
   you should take a look at apprenticeship numbers in the building . 
  see how much they have increased . 
  companies ca n't wait years for people to train up . 
  the government has had an extremely long time to sort this out . 
  inevitably people will say ` we ca n't wait years for people to be trained ' while we import more and more and more builders and tradies year after year after year . 
  where do you think these people acquired their skills ? 
  magic ? 
  no , they were fucking trained to do them . 
  new zealanders should be being trained to do these jobs so we do n't rely on foreign poorly trained labour . 
   the govt should have clamped down on shit degrees . 
  there 's no such thing as a ` shit degree ' . 
  i do n't blame anyone that wants to work in a proper professional field and not spend 10 hours a day working as a builder with the roughest , crudest people imaginable . 
   what do you define as rubbish in it ? 
  everything . 
  there is no skills shortage in any area of it . 
  there 's a pay shortage . 
  it being on the skills shortage list is an example of how stupid the ` skills shortage ' list is , because it just drives down wages . 
  same with the temporary foreign labour for kiwifruit picking . 
  if they were forced to employ new zealanders they might pay at a level that 's actually reasonable for the work , which is gruelling . 
  instead they 're allowed to undercut the labour market by importing foreign labour , which artificially reduces their costs and deprives new zealanders of good , well-paying seasonal work that would otherwise be available . 
  and they make ludicrous claims like ` oh but then kiwifruit would be more expensive ' . 
  labour is a tiny , tiny part of their costs and if a very small increase in the price of kiwifruit is needed to bring the market back into a realistic balance then that 's a good thing . 
  gst and income tax do n't discourage productivity at all . 
   perhaps you missed the statements by the current govt that noone owns water . 
  the current government is wrong . 
  it 's physically and legally impossible for something to be owned by nobody . 
   please explain these massive negative externalities so i can shoot them down . 
  none of them will be in any way related to water tax . 
  water pollution , for a start . 
  by putting a royalty ( again , not a tax , never been a tax , never will be a tax , it 's a royalty ) on water encourages it to be used efficiently . 
  we do n't need to train more it workers . 
  we have more than enough . 
  the pay here is shit , and the solution to that is restricting immigration so that companies are forced to raise their wages to get staff . 
  that will reduce the number of people leaving . 
  this is basic economics . 
  we do indeed need to train more builders and doctors . 
  we definitely do n't need more engineers , it 's one of the most popular degrees at uc for example . 
   who are you proposing we train ? 
  do you never reflect on the possibility that we have a shortage of skilled people because we do n't have enough people to train ? 
  there is no basis in reality to make that statement . 
  dae anyone that recognises that cultures exist is a racist ?????!!!, 
   you 're the fucking conservative here !, 
  you 're trying to keep things the way they always have been even though it does n't make sense anymore - that 's a conservative . 
  so every environmentalist is a conservative ? 
  what a load of rubbish . 
   calm down . 
  you 've become what you hate . 
  ` calm down ' he says after throwing a tantrum . 
   so being a builder is not a proper job ? 
  they pay more these days than most people that have been pumped out of uni . 
  that 's a myth . 
  self-employed builders that own their own business can earn good money , just like any business owner . 
  the sky 's the limit . 
  that does n't mean every tradesman makes lots of money . 
  it 's not a professional job , and a lot of people ( myself definitely included ) have absolutely no interest in getting a job where they have to interact every day with some of the roughest people you 'll ever meet . 
  10 hour days of manual labour ? 
   you still have n't told me what a rubbish wage in it is . 
  what you 've typed there is rubbish . 
  i can tell you actually have no idea what you 're talking about , because literally everyone involved in the industry acknowledges that software development and other it wages in nz are terrible compared to essentially every other first world country . 
   you reckon ? 
  income tax raises the threshold for when it 's economic to exploit a comparative advantage . 
  i do n't think you know how income tax works , mate . 
   gst discourages trading more directly , but it 's a similar effect . 
  gst discourages consumption . 
  that 's not a good thing either . 
  i did n't say ` and keep the rest of the system exactly the same ' . 
  saying we should do one thing does n't preclude doing other things , nor does it mean that everything that is n't mentioned is fine . 
  if we had high inflation then gst would be a wonderful idea . 
  as it is , we do n't , and it 's a stupid idea . 
   reduced trading means lower productivity . 
  not to any significant degree . 
  stop dragging the conversation off into unrelated areas . 
  we 're discussing corporate tax rates and alternatives that are still fair . 
  no , he 's far worse , because he 's on public broadcasting where there is an expectation of balance . 
   personally i value his positivity mostly due to how self aware it is ; during the height of the gfc he dedicated a few minutes every hour of his morning show to run down a list of positive news , knowing full well that public confidence and positivity would help minimise the worst aspects of the recession . 
  lol what a load of rubbish . 
  that 's immigration for you, 
  this subreddit is extremely right-leaning . 
  if you say anything that violates the status quo you get downvoted .
