  even better would be a rvrvr like in daoc or the upcoming camelot unchained . 
  no it just leads to static developer-driven gameplay instead of dynamic interesting player-driven gameplay . 
  is that a joke ? 
  being about the journey and not the destination is exactly why there should n't be map highlights in mmos . 
  underwater combat is shit in every game . 
   in a good full loot pvp game , would that mean that the gear available in the game would have to be toned down a lot from how most mmo 's have been doing it ? 
  and by association , the monsters and stuff you fight in the world ? 
  i 'd generally say so , yeah . 
   ahh !, 
  that 's actually a pretty good side effect , as it keeps even newer crafters afloat money and resources wise , if even their low quality gear has a market for it . 
  yeah . 
  the cross product is n't well-defined for two-dimensional vectors . 
  so no , the cross-product of two 2d vectors is n't a scalar , it 's a compiler error . 
  no there are n't . 
  there are not * n * - dimensional cross products , no matter how hard you try to generalise the concept of a cross products . 
  there are other outer products that work in other dimensions , but they are n't cross products . 
  again , no matter how much you want it to be true , there is no such thing as a cross product except in 3 and 7 dimensions . 
  and yet again , i repeat , that no matter how much you desire it to be true , there is no anticommutative , orthogonal , binary vector product that gives a vector other than in 3 and 7 dimensions . 
  this is n't ` against the spirit of mathematics ' . 
   you reference 7 dimensions , which means you 've generalized the cross product into the quaternion definition and extended to the octonians . 
  you 've chosen a definition of the cross product ( out of many ) , generalized that , and decided that all other definitions must be false and therefore can not be generalized . 
  no , i 'm stating the well-known and well-established ** fact ** that you simply can not define a cross product except in 3 and 7 dimensions . 
   it 's not as good as commercial stuff, 
  yes it is . 
  it 's free software . 
  they definitely are only still used today because of vi . 
  it 's not ` ideological purity ' . 
  non-free software is n't bad because of ideology . 
  it 's bad because it does n't respect the freedoms of the users . 
  again , you 're simply wrong . 
  no it is n't . 
  not using something because it describes itself as open source instead of free software is making decisions based on ideological purity . 
  not using something because it does n't respect the freedoms of its users is a practical matter : not being free software has practical effects . 
  this is based on http://blog.alinelerner.com/resumes-suck-heres-the-data/ . 
  it seems like the author made entirely subjective evaluations of strength of the candidates , then asked people to rate their strength . 
  the results were the same for the two categories . 
  maybe that means the author is just bad at evaluating people ? 
  also ,, 
   about a year ago , after looking at the resumes of engineers we had interviewed at trialpay in 2012 , i learned that the strongest signal for whether someone would get an offer was the number of typos and grammatical errors on their resume . 
  on the other hand , where people went to school , their gpa , and highest degree earned did n't matter at all . 
  these results were pretty unexpected , ran counter to how resumes were normally filtered , and left me scratching my head about how good people are at making value judgments based on resumes , period . 
  so , i decided to run an experiment . 
  honestly , if a candidate ca n't even use correct grammar and spelling on your cv , then he or she either :, 
  * ca n't spell and use grammar correctly , or, 
  * can , but just does n't care . 
  if anything , the latter is worse , because at least the person that ca n't use english correctly is making an effort . 
  notwithstanding that , both are good reasons to filter someone out early . 
  given the tiny sample sizes ^ 1 in this article , i am not surprised that the only trend strong enough to be seen through the noise is that . 
  1 : this is a small sample size because the number of things being estimated based on it is high . 
  when you 're getting one bit of data ( e.g. 
  1v1 polling ) , it 's okay if you 've got a 95 % confidence . 
  when you 're getting 20 bits of data , 95 % of confidence in each of them individually means you have about a 35 % of being right about everything . 
   for each resume , i had a pretty good idea of how strong the engineer in question was , and i split resumes into two strength-based groups . 
  absurd . 
  fucking professional specialised degrees for everything nowadays . 
  what happened to just doing a generalist degree ? 
  do you have plenty of money already ? 
  if so , put it into a high return high risk investment . 
  otherwise , keep it . 
  make sure you keep enough either way so you have an emergency fund . 
   do n't get me wrong , i enjoyed it , but it 's not going to change your life forever . 
  it most definitely does . 
   anyone liberal enough to care, 
  liberal is synonymous with libertarians so . . probably not . 
  i do n't think native americans need much us government help to build casinos mate . 
   a woman can be charged with the lesser crime of infanticide if she kills her child and `` the balance of her mind was disturbed '' . 
  the is no equivalent for men . 
  `` otago university law professor kevin dawkins ... said he would like to see infanticide replaced with another partial defence of diminished responsibility , to apply to female and male offenders . '', 
  quite honestly i think that there should be a much higher penalty for killing your children , not a lower one . 
  the claim that post-natal depression makes women less culpable for * murdering defenceless babies * is absurd . 
  it seems more like a ` white women defence ' as well . 
  why would we do that when that 's just clearly not the case ? 
   guys chill out in the comments jeez . 
  this post is n't an attack on feminism or anything , it 's a post about issues men face on mens day . 
  ironic , is n't it , given how much they complain about `` what-about-the-men ? '', 
  responses to threads about women 's issues . 
  are we going to excuse all bad things that happen to women because of their hormones ? 
  i thought people around here were big fans of equal outcomes regardless of peoples ' inherent disadvantages . 
  wording it that way is essentially victim blaming you know . 
  you disagree with mra grievance culture ? 
  what does that even mean ? 
  are people in groups not allowed to bring up issues they face as a group ? 
  i think that 's a very unfair generalisation . 
  this is no better than someone claiming that `` so many feminists are just crazy twitter nazis '' or something . 
  it 's a ridiculous statement based on the actions of a tiny , tiny group of nutters . 
   but are significantly less represented in the workforce that training is usually used in . 
  but they 're not underrepresented in any meaningful way . 
  entry-level position figures match up very well to graduate figures . 
  obviously it takes time for people to filter through , though . 
  if you have a profession that is 100 % gender biased then it 's going to take 30ish years before balanced graduate figures actually cause the workforce numbers to balance out . 
   it 's one area of focus for feminism - get women more involved in the workforce ( especially stem ) . 
  no , it 's not . 
  as is made quite clear in the quotes above , a focus is to encourage women to get involved in * lucrative and low-risk areas of the workforce * . 
  they do n't want gender equality in the forestry industry . 
  they want gender equality in cushy office jobs with good salaries . 
  so are we allowed to handwave away all issues of equality we face as a country with `` society as a village and all that '' , or only the ones that negatively affect groups you are n't in ? 
   in absolute terms the pay gap exists here , australia , the uk and the u.s. 
  no , it does n't . 
  it does n't exist in any meaningful way whatsoever if you compare like with like . 
   the way to address that is to get more women in high paying jobs,
