  how about the dark ? 
  how about the consistent run of great sets right before mirrodin ? 
  how about the consistent run of great sets right before theros ? 
  how about just not fucking up the game by ruining core sets and removing all the fun staples of standard from the game ? 
  uwr delver was putting up consistent results before dtt was restricted , which is way more recent than 2012 . 
  what kind of drugs are you on ? 
  delver did n't even exist 5 years ago . 
  keeping a hand that is useless against thoughtseize is absolutely a bad decision against a deck that runs thoughtseize . 
  thoughtseize , you 'll be delighted to know , is legal and playable in more than one format . 
  how you experienced playing against it in one of the worst standard environments in the history of the game is not really relevant . 
   based on the fact that two of the same archetype can already show up on the same day, 
  no they can not . 
  they definitely can not . 
  two decks with 10 + different cards are not the same deck . 
  okay , so you still do n't understand basic english . 
   the only reason people like the originals is because they are scarce , iconic , and in alpha/beta black border, 
  none of which would change if they reprinted them . 
  i lol 'd , i 'll admit . 
  but you still missed the point . 
  i 've already explained the other reasons they have for not discussing it . 
  `` maro is perfect in every way and everything he says is gospel '' - you, 
  you 're entirely a knob, 
  dredge is a wonderful mechanic . 
  fuck off kid, 
  yeah i do n't know either , it 's pretty weird . 
  in what format do people run more than 50 % lands ? 
  do you ? 
  no , you do n't . 
  you 're replying to my * top level * comment about this by saying ` no that 's not how it works ' and then just restating exactly what i said ? 
  bogles is a bad deck , every opening hand is terrible . 
   affinity is a higher percentage of the metagame than eldrazi tron . 
  and no deck is higher than 10 % . 
  nothing to do with it . 
   did you play against twin ? 
  it warped the meta . 
  every deck had to be able to stop a turn 4 combo or else it could n't survive . 
  jund also still exists . 
  the deck did not ` warp the meta ' in any way whatsoever . 
  that 's misinformation . 
  magic the gathering existing as a game is what encouraged people to play cheap interactive spells . 
  that 's a good thing . 
  that 's not meta warping . 
  the idea that people only played cheap interactive spells because of twin , or that that is a * bad * thing ... ? 
  what the hell . 
   pod got the axe because it was making it so they could n't push 4 drops for standard . 
  it was sad , but the deck was just a bit too efficient . 
  it 's also just objectively not true . 
  they have stated a million times that they do n't nerf cards in standard for the purposes of modern . 
  that 's fundamentally incompatible with what you 're saying . 
   jund also still exists . 
  not any more . 
  there 's no reason to play jund now . 
   legacy had n't undergone a particularly big shift since 2011 before the banning of top . 
  heck , legacy is actually growing in popularity , which is rare for an old format . 
  ah yes , legacy has n't changed since 2011 . 
  it 's not like snapcaster mage , young pyromancer , past in flames , liliana of the veil , terminus , abrupt decay , deathrite shaman , supreme verdict , dig through time , treasure cruise , gurmag angler , tasigur , monastery mentor or monastery swiftspear had any impact on the legacy metagame . 
  everyone right before the top banning was playing landstill , maverick and canadian threshold , just like in 2011 , right ? 
  where do you people get this crap ? 
  of course legacy has changed in the last 6 years . 
  christ . 
  there 's nothing rare about legacy growing , either . 
  it 's ` rare for an old format ' ? 
  there are three old formats in magic : edh , vintage and legacy . 
  edh and legacy are both growing . 
  hardly a large sample size . 
   i do n't think you know what a product line is . 
  the sets as a whole have been very popular . 
  kaladesh and amonkhet are very well received . 
  `` commander feels forced '' how exactly ? 
  they 're commander decks . 
  hell , the ones in the last 2 years are some of the best they 've made . 
  they 're terrible sets with overly pushed commanders . 
  edh was much better when you had to select from cards that were n't designed to just be the objectively best commanders . 
  partner is an insanely op mechanic . 
   do you even play mtgo ? 
  it has its issues , but it 's a very good platform for what it does . 
  no , i sold my mtgo collection because the program is just awful . 
   clearly , you do n't remember either `` here 's a random promo for no reason that you ca n't play '' or `` here 's a seeded booster pack '' . 
  getting emrakul , the aeon 's torn was amazing !, 
  ` for no reason ' ? 
  they were super exciting promotional cards . 
  seeded booster packs appeared and then disappeared again within the timeframe we 're discussing . 
  it 's not even slightly hard to do . 
  in fact , it 's precisely the same way that gst rebates are done already . 
  well that 's just confirmation bias . 
  you have * so much influence * though . 
  scg is the biggest retailer of magic cards on the planet . 
  please at least try . 
  of course they * can * . 
  they * can * do whatever they want . 
  they just do n't want to . 
  no , it should be abolished . 
  where can we find redstone ? 
  unfortunately , mtgo is far worse than xmage , and you ca n't just ` yield until stack is resolved as long as no new things are put on it in the meantime ' . 
   wasteland, 
  personally i view wasteland as a near-necessity in a control deck in legacy . 
  i do n't understand how miracles deals with cavern of souls without one , for example . 
  at least one wasteland means you can deal with cavern and other utility lands . 
  i find all the splashes in d&t super interesting . 
  i still think mono-white is the best , but it reminds me of when goblins players were trying out all four splashes to try to find edges .
