  that 's just incompetence , though . 
  that 's because they chose not to reprint good cards . 
  powering down the game so hard was a mistake . 
  because counter/top is good in hard control because of terminus . 
  terminus is just such an obviously correct inclusion in counter/top . 
  terminus is just unreasonable . 
  without drs those incredibly greedy midrange decks would cease to exist , remember . 
  reprinting existing good cards is not fucking power creep . 
  why do magic players seem to think that reprinting existing good cards is power creep ? 
  what wotc is ** already ** doing to creatures is power creep . 
  the reserved list is not legally binding . 
  that 's fact . 
  drs should n't be legal though . 
  the thing yugioh does that drives players insane is power creep . 
  so yeah you did mention it . 
  bits of cardboard should n't get to 4000 in the first place, 
  they are what they are worth because wotc intentionally does n't reprint them . 
  there 's nothing wrong with the original printings being rare and worth money as a result . 
  that would n't change with a reprint though . 
  the new versions would be tournament-legal , and would let players have fun playing vintage and legacy and commander , and the originals would still be collectable and worth a huge amount of money . 
   do you want standard to be as powerful as modern ? 
  straw man argument . 
  no of course not . 
  it can be more powerful without being more powerful than any non-banning standard has ever been . 
   reprinting good cards leads to players playing just those good cards, 
  well that 's just not true . 
  that was n't true before , why would it be true now ? 
   meaning that new sets have to be as powerful or more powerful than those old cards . 
  that 's power creep . 
  the game 's power creep ( of creatures ) has got * worse and worse * as the overall power level has * dropped * . 
  so no , i ca n't really accept the argument that raising the overall power level would make power creep worse , given than lowering it has had that effect . 
  i think power creep and overall power level of standard are unrelated . 
   the new philosophy for standard is that it should have conditional options rather than one powerful one . 
  whether that has been effective or not is up for debate . 
  the new philosophy for standard is making 1-drops incredibly weak and removing effective answers from standard . 
  this has pushed the format towards being all about threats . 
   i would n't want something like lightning bolt in standard at all times because that card warps formats . 
  the same goes for thoughtseize or birds of paradise . 
  nobody is seriously suggesting we should always have lightning bolt . 
  the problem is that we do n't even have cards that were relatively weak * strictly worse * versions of existing cards that are strictly worse than lightning bolt . 
  i can * absolutely * agree we should n't always have bolt . 
  bolt is too strong to have all the time . 
  sometimes , it 's fun . 
  but not every standard . 
  not even half the time . 
  but we do n't just not have bolt . 
  they stopped printing bolt , and started on incinerate . 
  okay , incinerate is fun . 
  it 's powerful and good . 
  it 's a fine card . 
  and then they stopped printing incinerate , and gave us the card that 's strictly worse than both : searing spear . 
  well , okay , that 's a bit disappointing . 
  and now apparently even fucking searing spear is too powerful ? 
  come on , that 's absurd . 
  same with thoughtseize . 
  of course we should n't always have thoughtseize . 
  we should n't have thoughtseize when they push the everloving shit out of mono-black in the same set , of course , and should n't have it the whole rest of the time either . 
  but we do n't even have mediocre cards that are worse than thoughtseize . 
  we have even worse cards that are worse than those !, 
  it 's not just about answers . 
  it 's card filtering . 
  it 's land destruction . 
  it 's reanimation spells . 
  it 's rituals . 
  it 's tutors . 
  it 's everything that is n't 3-6 mana creatures . 
  it 's wotc being so terrible at development that they ca n't help themselves from printing overpowered things like griselbrand and delver and then they blame ` enablers ' and stop printing things like unburial rites, 
  as a software developer : stop over-emphasising it . 
  it 's mildly complex . 
   some people consider rs3 to just be a repeatedly patched/updated version of `` runescape '' . 
  well yes , that precisely what it is . 
  what the hell is this new moderation brigade ? 
  since when has this subreddit started deleting peoples ' posts for committing logical fallacies ? 
  stop censoring posts and let downvotes take their course . 
  graphical mmorpgs are a little more complicated than some muds , and a little less complicated than other muds . 
  your ` order of magnitude ' hyperbole is unnecessary . 
  it 's absolutely not a sequel . 
  especially given that half his answers for the last couple of weeks have been stupid answers about stupid un-set card rulings . 
  there 's no reason to assume that storm is never coming back . 
  they 've reprinted it at least once . 
  nothing they 've said since then indicates they refuse to consider bringing it back . 
   spikes are often jerks, 
  that 's just inaccurate and rude . 
  if you think this has changed then you 're a bit naive . 
  an extra $ 30 spread amongst all the players ? 
  every time i 've ever been to fnm , everyone has got an fnm promo . 
  wotc had no problem predicting which cards were good in the past . 
  the problem is that the power level of commons and uncommons is so insanely low now that it 's hard to know which ones will sneak into decks on the margins . 
  they would n't bring back living weapon . 
  it was an incredibly overpowered mechanic . 
  if someone is being obnoxious , you should call a judge . 
  if you think thraben inspector is even remotely comparable in power to any of the good fnm promos they 've ever made , you 're insane . 
   honestly , there probably have n't been many years after the first few that have as many powerful tier 1 cards as 2017 does for fnm promos . 
  that 's just bullshit . 
  look at 2012 . 
  that was recent by any definition , and a long time after the start of fnm promos , and yet they were * excellent * . 
   except for it being a 10 on the storm scale . 
  madness was an 8 on the storm scale , and was reprinted . 
  the storm scale is n't in any way a measure of whether or not a mechanic will be reprinted . 
  it 's a measure of how much mark rosewater cringes when he hears the mechanic 's name .
