  i do n't know why you 'd think greens and/or new zealand first would damage our foreign affairs ... 
   i 'm not saying the housing prices issue is n't a problem . 
  i 'm just saying that for me it 's not something that i care enough about to affect how i 'd vote . 
  no they are n't . 
  they are not the biggest contributor to the open source community . 
  they are the * company * with the highest ` contributors ' rating * on github * . 
  what that actually means is completely unclear . 
  it 's not the organisation 's member count , for sure . 
  it 's not the number of contributions . 
  it 's ... nothing . 
  it 's irrelevant . 
   yeah , we 're not going to agree with every decision they make , but to treat `` fucking microsoft '' as the same company as the microsoft from the 90 's is just plain disingenuous . 
  it 's exactly the same . 
  embrace ( what they are doing ) , extend ( they have n't stopped this behaviour ) , extinguish ( what they will do next ) . 
  yeah no thanks . 
  not filling my code with url shit . 
  cersei is not the ` antagonist ' in the books , mate . 
  the books do n't have an antagonist . 
  that 's kind of the whole point and appeal to them . 
  there are no truly evil or truly good characters . 
  the show has completely subverted that . 
   that is n't my argument . 
  it 's based on the fact that he very obviously waited until rescue came to attack en masse , carried those three ice javelins when none had been seen before , very specifically three . 
  they 're just the same spears that they 've been holding in every single shot we 've seen of them . 
   you 're acting like this wo n't be explained and will be a plot hole , like you want - it to be a plot hole because it was n't explained this season . 
  god forbid they leave some things until next season ? 
  they might actually give themselves the time to write themselves out of the corner they 've written themselves into . 
  but i doubt it , because they 've given up all consistency and logic in this series . 
  virtually everything the characters do is insane and illogical . 
  arya 's stupid spat with sansa ? 
  that was supposedly real . 
  not fakery for littlefinger . 
  that was meant to be real . 
  there 's a deleted scene of bran talking to arya and her changing her view of sansa ffs . 
  and it made absolutely no sense for her to threaten to murder her sister for being prettier than her as a child . 
  daenerys not scouting with her dragons ? 
  insane . 
  she could wear some armour if she did n't want to get shot with arrows , or just fly higher . 
  daenerys not coming with them to the north in the first place ? 
  insane . 
  apparently she can fly a thousand miles north in 15 minutes anyway , after all . 
  their stupid plan to capture a wight was made up by the show 's writers purely to create the scene where the night king creates the wight dragon . 
  that 's it . 
  they 've said that they wanted that scene and built everything around it to get there . 
  they 've stated this outright . 
  accept it , they do n't care about logic or plot anymore . 
  i just do n't know what you mean . 
  why would free access to university reduce quality ? 
   broadband penetration, 
  what position doom is this ? 
  last time i paid any attention to doom he was a position 1 super super greedy midas + max-q-first hard carry , but i 've heard something about pos 4 or something ? 
  the universities are run by the government . 
  they are held to standards of care , standards of teaching and standards of research . 
  the entry requirements are essentially nonexistent . 
  virtually adult can go to university , get cs , and get a degree . 
  degrees are practically meaningless . 
  that 's a myth . 
  i can assure you that nothing hides the taste of spoiled meat . 
   putting aside the question of whether the maori seats should exist at all, 
  why ? 
  maori seats should not exist . 
   you 'd basically have something similar to the idea suggested by the royal commission on electoral reform ( zero list threshold for maori parties ) , but you 'd avoid the nebulousness of defining what exactly a `` maori party '', 
  a ` maori party ' is a party that has a political platform based around the advancement of iwi interests and the promotion of iwi interests as ` maori interests ' . 
  a ` maori party ' is a party that beats the drum of ` maori issues ' and wastes that valuable political capital on policies that do nothing to help the average maori . 
  oh sorry that 's ** the ** maori party , my mistake . 
   and they suffer the same fundamental problem that fptp in general has - not reflecting the diversity of opinion in the electorate proportionally . 
  and they 're idiotic . 
  there 's no reason whatsoever to have maori seats . 
  they serve no useful purpose . 
  they disenfranchise maori , they 're unfair , unreasonable , and racist . 
  they should not exist . 
  they promote the existence of parties like the maori party that serve the interests of rich iwi-affiliated maori , rather than the maori that actually need help and actually have maori issues . 
  the tiwai smelter is such an unbelievably stupid idea to keep running . 
  the idea that it 's ` necessary because jobs ' is so closed-minded . 
  even if it employed a thousand people ( which it does n't ) it would still be more economically viable to close it and for the government to pay those peoples ' wages directly . 
  that 's idiotic . 
  we gain nothing by shovelling more and more people into auckland . 
  no they do n't . 
  yes we already have a massive problem with teachers basically letting kids resit tests until they get them right . 
  what a stupid false dichotomy . 
  we can just not have either . 
  you 're talking utter rubbish . 
  it 's not a dichotomy . 
  we can just have neither of these things . 
   one of the cornerstones of functional programming is the idea of immutability . 
  no it is n't . 
  the cornerstone of pure functional programming is referential transparency . 
  pure functional programming is a niche type of functional programming . 
   move to a bigger city which is growing and more viable long term . 
  realistically this means auckland , because that 's where people are going . 
  we can not just keep shovelling people into cities . 
  yes you can . 
  the government can quite easily take away whatever water consents it wants , or put conditions on existing consents . 
  i bet you 'd make the same jokes about breast cancer right, 
  asylum seekers are migrants . 
  refugees are migrants . 
  they 're different types of migrants , but it 's all immigration . 
  and ? 
  sorry , do you remember british people running away during wwii ? 
  the german refugees that fled germany in and before wwii were n't just every german person .
