   all you 're saying is you get a benefit from paying money , and i agree . 
  that does n't mean you 're paying to win because you 're not guaranteed a win, 
  pay to win does n't mean you literally pay in order to literally win . 
  it means having non-cosmetic microtransactions . 
  this is pretty simple . 
  there are lots of ways of restating that , but that 's the simplest . 
   uh , just because it is n't wow-like it means it 's good . 
  i assume you mean ` just because it is n't wow-like , that does n't mean that it is good ' . 
  but i do n't care about whether you agree , because i literally said :, 
   literally just being different is enough to make me tolerate its initial simplicity , even though it gets much more complicated as you get higher level . 
  * in my opinion * being not basic tab-target or basic action combat shit that 's been done to death is enough to make me at least give it a go . 
   and yes you can be everything , that 's actually what tribidding is actually about , you being a mage/range/meele character all at once . 
  you 're far less effective in any of those areas than someone focused on just one of them . 
   regarding guilds , again you 're just too stuck with the `` must be different than wow '' mentality . 
  wow did n't came up with the guild term , it 's actually something way more broad and used by a lot of mmos . 
  and clans = guilds when it comes to its core idea . 
  i did n't say wow came up with them . 
  and no , the core idea is very different . 
  clans are very focused , single-purpose , and you can be in many . 
  they are n't represented in the game itself , you do n't get special chat channels . 
  probe is incredibly powerful . 
  seeing your opponent 's hand and replacing itself , * for free * , is very powerful . 
  1 mana is * way * cheaper than 2 mana , we all agree . 
  seems at first like a small gap , but searing spear is ** far ** worse than lightning bolt , 2-mana elves are * awful * compared to 1-mana elves , etc. 
  0 mana is * an even bigger gap * . 
  probe might not be worth it at 1 mana , but it 's not 1 mana , it 's free . 
  mental misstep would be * shit * if it cost 1 mana , but it costs 0 , so it 's banned . 
  same thing with probe . 
   wrong , you 're forcing a binary distinction onto a continuous variable . 
  i disagree . 
   yes , name a game where i ca n't pay money to get a benefit . 
  it does not have microtransactions . 
   wtf are you talking about ? 
  there is no game where i ca n't pay money to somebody and get a benefit in return . 
  every game is p2w , so your definition is dumb and wrong . 
  microtransactions have nothing to do with ` giving money to people ' . 
  they are about giving money to * the developer * . 
  yes , those are all pay-to-win games . 
  sad , is n't it , that even those games are now pay-to-win . 
  sure it 's meant to be played . 
  this is obviously in the context of a sandbox mmorpg . 
  if i want to leave my poh open to the world , but with a giant dragon guarding my treasure chamber , and you go in there and get rekt , that 's not abusive . 
  that 's you taking a risk and failing . 
  microtransactions in games are a * very * recent phenomenon . 
  wow did n't have any until a couple of years ago ( excluding cosmetic , which were a couple of years older than that ) . 
  runescape did n't have any until about 2011 . 
  single player games did n't have them until recently . 
  mmorpgs are not inherently pay to win . 
  there are lots of games without microtransactions . 
  dota 2 and cs : go have purely cosmetic microtransactions . 
  lots of games have none at all . 
  if there are lots of games with non-cosmetic microtransactions that does n't mean we should redefine the term ` pay to win ' so that it only applies to the most egregious games . 
  we should call them what they are : pay to win . 
  you ca n't play [ [ mutavault ] ] in every deck , it 's awful . 
  people would n't even play [ [ mishra 's factory ] ] in every deck , and that 's a good card . 
  colourless mana is n't useful , most of the time . 
  probe was in enough decks that it was a problem . 
  it did , which is the only reason it should n't have been done . 
  i 've been consistent in these positions on this subreddit for years , mate . 
  okay so i put a dragon in front of it and then put a wall in front of my treasure chest that you ca n't get to ? 
  well , then i ca n't get to my own treasure either , can i ? 
  so i 've really just griefed myself ... 
   next , combine the dismal public transport with a predilection for private motor vehicles and the ( tightened ) restrictions around drink driving , add one part taxation , and garnish with high staff costs and property prices . 
  you have a nice big glass of fuck you i 'm drinking at home . 
  this is so true . 
  i bet a lot more people would have a quiet drink after work three nights a week if they could , but you can barely drink a pint without going over the limit these days . 
  you do n't trade with goyf . 
  goyf has higher toughness than its power . 
  you block goyf . 
  you get a 3-mana card that costs 2 mana per turn to block goyf . 
  not ideal , but it 's just * one * of its myriad possibilities . 
  it 's very flexible . 
  it does make sense . 
  there 's a huge difference between developer-condoned p2w and * illegal cheating * . 
  thoughtseize costs 1 mana * and * loses 2 life ( rather than * or * ) . 
  thoughtseize plays an important role in the metagame as well , rather than just making combo more consistent . 
  but yes it is certainly one of the most powerful cards in modern . 
  it 's arguably the best thing to be doing on turn 1 . 
  i do n't really like theme park mmos , but i think it 's definitely possible to produce a compelling , interesting and fun theme park . 
  wow 2 could be that . 
  and this , what you describe above , this is what would be a necessary part . 
  and that point is , well . . simply wrong . 
  there is no such distinction . 
  the idea that it 's `` problematic '' or that it limits how strong 3-mana cards can be ... well ... that 's kind of the point . 
  always bolt the birds . 
  you 're meant to have to respond to a llanowar elves or a birds of paradise . 
  they 're strong cards . 
  the problem is n't 3-mana beaters being too strong or mana dorks being too strong . 
  the problem is that when you ca n't run 1-mana and 2-mana removal that kills those dorks across the colour spectrum , it become unfair . 
  elvish mystic being removed from standard was necessary because of the lack of good playable early-game removal . 
  if we had good 1-mana and 2-mana removal , that would be fine . 
  it does n't have to be bolt and path to exile . 
  a 1-mana removal spell that kills dorks only has to do 1 damage . 
  it just also has to have some other justification for running it . 
  maybe shock with reasonably costed cycling , for example . 
  we do n't need bolt . 
  we do n't need path . 
  we do n't even need doom blade , although it 's hardly overpowered . 
  smother , for example . 
  i totally understand and sympathise with the need to prevent people from playing a 3-drop on turn 2 , on the play , if none of the playable 1 or 2-mana removal spells kills it !,
