   ( it actually used to be the case , and pointing out that your opponent had a trigger to resolve for his-her [ [ shrine of burning rage ] ] was n't a good experience . ), 
  and the game was better . 
  doing lethal damage to a creature ` destroys ' it too . 
  there 's nothing wrong with playing to win . 
  but shooting angles is n't playing to win , because it 's not playing the game . 
  it 's playing to win in the same way that elbowing your sibling in the ribs while playing split-screen call of duty is ` playing to win ' . 
  that 's not even how the rules work . 
  no , it is n't equally true in person . 
  it just objectively is not . 
  people cast spells without choosing modes all the time . 
   what are some examples of cards wotc massively undervalued that performed far beyond their `` common '' rarity ? 
  ah , sweet summer child . 
  back in the day , rarity had nothing to do with power . 
  then wotc realised they could just make all the good cards rares and people would buy more packs . 
  preordain is better than ponder which is better than brainstorm . 
  ( without fetchlands ) . 
  brainstorm is better than ponder which is better than preordain . 
  ( with fetchlands ) . 
  i think everyone agrees with both of those sentences , and this entire discussion is just two people discussing unrelated things . 
  they 'd be much lower than 15 % , so it 's still much better use of your money than spending it . 
  people do n't save their money to avoid paying tax anyway . 
  they save it because they will want it later . 
  that 's not really true . 
  for some people , a $ 60 standard deck is a lot of money to spend on a card game , so the factor of fun is irrelevant : it does n't matter how fun legacy is , you 're not going to play it anyway . 
  for a few people , the difference between a $ 3000 legacy deck and a $ 60 rounds to $ 0 , and the factor of fun is literally all that matters . 
  and why are you under the impression that has anything to do with what i said ? 
  95 % of magic players have never heard of state-based actions , and yet they happily carry on destroying creatures with damage all the same . 
  wow , a criticism of wotc r&d that was n't massively downvoted ? 
  this subreddit has changed . 
  that 's not true . 
  with more even power level across sets , there would be more options for what to play . 
  what would be good would change as the format evolved , as decks appeared and changed in prominence . 
  rather than there being one objectively best card that every white deck played , there would actually be reasons to play different good cards . 
  and there would just be more decks available . 
  by pushing energy and delirium and devotion and similar mechanics , they severely reduce the variety in the metagame . 
  you ca n't build varied combinations of cards from different sets , because your deck relies on lots of cards from the same block . 
  decks do n't change as much as new sets are released either . 
   yes , teams & grinders get to have a solution to the meta , because they have spent much more time working on it and they are better players . 
  they deserve it . 
  they 've earned it . 
  they created it . 
  it 's theirs . 
  it is n't actually theirs though . 
  they are n't doing any work , they 're running a bot to watch games in leagues and figure out what people are playing . 
  the difference is that they are n't publishing those results , so they get to keep doing it . 
   some neighborhood player who only goes to fnm 's does not have a fundamental right to have all of the pro-player 's info & strategies just because they want it . 
  again , not their info or their strategies . 
  it 's only ` their info ' because wotc has n't forced them to stop gathering it , while it has stopped mtggoldfish from doing so . 
  nobody is asking wotc to force pro teams to reveal their decks before the pro tour or something . 
  that 's just a symptom of their total lack of giving a shit about constructed . 
   a magic equivalent might be making cards like oblivion ring , negate , hero 's downfall , abrade , naturalize and pithing needle standard legal forever . 
  i suspect this is what wotc is going to be doing with the new core sets . 
  probably banishing light , i do n't think they like the way you can ` abuse ' the triggers on oblivion ring , even though it 's actually just a neat interaction of the rules . 
  unfortunately , wotc is n't interested in having neat interactions between cards anymore unless they explicitly designed them to interact . 
  i think it 's an ego thing . 
   rest of the list, 
  negate and dispel are examples of cards that probably should be in every standard environment . 
  stuff like them , searing spear , doom blade , incinerate , shock , etc. 
  they probably have . 
  which is insane , because they 've fucking made them before . 
  they 've made good standards that varied throughout the lifetime of those standards before . 
  i think the two-set block thing was actually a good idea , i think that probably came from a place of good intentions . 
  they recognised the issue of 3rd sets , realised it had * always * been a problem , and tried to fix it . 
  i think part of the issue is that the cards to do that innovation with just are n't printed now . 
  the pool of playable cards is so small and the power curve is so steep that you ca n't swap out cards for other cards to have an edge against the metagame because the playable-but-situational-and-not-great-in-this-meta-but-great-in-a-different-meta cards just do n't exist !, 
  preordain is definitely better than ponder without fetchlands . 
  that describes almost all houses in nz . 
  alpha is more like current magic sets - very poor balance , extreme power disparity - than either are like the sets people actually describe in positive terms . 
  you 're just speaking from a position of ignorance . 
  that 's not how standard has ever worked before . 
  the reality is that in the past the power curve was much flatter and that directly led to a more diverse standard . 
  you are n't pumping water ` from your land ' , you are pumping water from shared aquifers . 
  aquifiers are n't yours , they 're common property of everyone , or should be . 
  they are a shared resource . 
  this is totally different from collecting rainfall and you know it . 
   if water , not just the land over and under it , can be sold that will be a new kind of ownership . 
  water will belong to someone . 
  back in 1840 water belonged to maori . 
  either maori sold that water to whoever bought land , because all water belongs to the landowner ; or they did n't sell the water with the land , and the water still belongs to maori . 
  the crown owns everything * by default * and administers it for the benefit of everyone . 
  that 's how aquifers should clearly and obviously work . 
  the water did n't belong to * specific * maori , it did n't belong to * iwi * , it was just a * natural resource * shared collectively by everyone that inhabited the country . 
  the fact that the country now has non-maori inhabitants does n't change that . 
  maori were n't a homogenous unified people . 
  they were a collection of warring tribes . 
  there were very few maori in canterbury anyway compared to the north island , and canterbury is the site of most contention over water usage from aquifers in nz . 
  past in flames is n't a ritual . 
  keep up . 
   black rituals were abandoned long long time ago . 
  magic stopped being well designed pretty much at the same time they took dark ritual out of core sets . 
  you know that , right ? 
  maybe now . 
  not when magic was actually good and had sensible meaningful distinctions between colours . 
  a colour pie where red has rituals is not an mtg colour pie , thank you very much . 
  rituals have been moved to red because wotc wanted to keep printing rituals but did n't want to break storm in legacy and vintage . 
  rituals are black . 
  they are totally and completely black . 
  that 's just inaccurate . 
  dark ritual was balanced . 
  it was balanced by the high coloured costs of many black cards and the generally high costs of black cards in general .
