   men bitching about affirmative hiring practices have never applied for a male-dominated role as a woman, 
  no shit , they 're men , of course they 've never applied for a role as woman . 
  they certainly might have applied to a female-dominated job as a man , but i ca n't recall any discriminatory hiring practices in nursing or childcare . 
  if there are any , they should of course be shut down . 
   or spent their life carefully managing their appearance to the extent a woman is expected to . 
  if anyone is bitching , it would be people that choose to do something and then complain about being expected do it . 
  for that matter , is n't ` bitching ' as a term generally considered a bit of a slur towards women these days ? 
  it really sounds to me like it 's associating complaints with being a woman , which is both bad for men ( because it discourages them from complaining about this , which according to your lot is ` toxic masculinity ' or something ) and bad for women ( because it implies that if they complain about something it 's probably just because they 're a woman ) . 
  is n't that the usual sort of thing you feminists give as justification for avoiding ` problematic words ' ? 
  because it seems a bit weird that you use a term like ` bitching ' , to be honest . 
   the men bitching about feminazis have n't read the definition of feminism or familiarised themselves with the movement 's history . 
  arguing based on definitions and history is stupid . 
  what matters is what people 's words and actions are . 
  if your words are wrong and your actions are authoritarian , you 're going to be called a nazi . 
  if you do n't want to be called a nazi , do n't be so authoritarian . 
  i assume that was your list of fabricated issues ? 
  family courts being incredibly biased against men ( fact ) , discrimination in the workplace being an issue ( fact ) and the presence of nazi-like behaviour in those opposing you ( fact ) . 
  it 's funny really , because * bias in the court system * , * discrimination in the workplace * and * fucking nazis fucking with you * are generally taken pretty seriously when they affect people that are n't white men . 
  i was n't telling you what you intended to imply with your words . 
  i was telling you that the way you phrased your words implied , probably unintentionally , that you were being dismissive of men 's issues . 
  if you can replace ` mras ' with ` maori ' or ` iwi ' , ` bitter ' with ` greedy ' , ` men 's issues ' with ` the treaty ' , etc. 
  and get something that most people would agree likely indicates someone trying and failing to backpedal their racism ... why do you respond so viciously ? 
  i was n't trying to claim you were being malicious . 
  i was trying to point out that it 's easy to misconstrue what you were saying as malicious . 
  of course you then respond to me hatefully and maliciously , so maybe the only misconception i had was that because you were [ +12 ] in karma from me you were probably a reasonable person ... 
   here 's a tip , do n't try to tell other people what they were implying and maybe they wont think you 're fucking stupid . 
  everyone implies things that they do n't intend to imply all the time . 
  saying that your words imply something does n't mean i 'm saying that you intended to imply those things or that those things are true . 
  if i wanted to say that , i 'd fucking say it . 
  what i was saying was that the way you were talking felt very reminiscent of `` and some , i assume , are good people '' sort of shit . 
  i do n't see why we should just assume that everything is equally good or bad for everyone . 
  it seems unlikely that the highly varying issues men and women face are all equally difficult and are deserving of equal attention . 
   not bullshit about the family court, 
  the extraordinary bias against men throughout the legal system , from the law to the police to the juries to the courts to sentencing to prison to family court and beyond are not ` bullshit ' . 
   or rape crisis, 
  what has that got do with anything ? 
   affirmative anti-discrimination measures, 
  discriminating against people because you do n't like having too many people around that have the same skin colour or gender as them ... is blatantly discrimination . 
  there 's nothing affirmative and nothing anti-discriminatory about * blatant discrimination against men * . 
   fringe feminism groups . 
  they 're un-fringe enough to ruin peoples ' lives by posting their personal information all over the internet . 
  yeah trp is fucking disgusting . 
  at first i was like . . okay , sure , you want an easy way to get slutty women to fall over you and you 're okay using kind of scummy methods ( that ` negging ' shit ) to do it . 
  that 's not okay but it 's not really a massive issue , it 's all still consensual . 
  but looking at it now , it just seems to have turned into a gigantic pile of misogynistic , very rapey bullshit . 
  trp and mensrights are pretty different . 
  / r/mensrights is like / r/twoxchromosomes and / r/theredpill is like . . 
  i dunno . . the most nutty extreme strawman example of feminism . 
  it 's honestly worse than any nutty hardcore feminists i 've ever seen . 
  thankfully it 's all just words . 
  people seem to use ` far-right ' and ` far-left ' more as insults than as evaluations of people 's views on economic policy these days . 
  / r/theredpill are n't mras . 
   these people really dislike what they see as a huge part of contemporary western feminism - the victim culture stuff , echo chamber , safe spaces , sjw , `` no tone-policing !! '', 
  and all that , right ? 
  so it 's hard to take them seriously when they display the same feels over reals/safe space/appeals to emotion that they 're forever deriding when it comes from feminists ( or any woman , for that matter ) . 
  holy jesus yes . 
  look at the cesspool that is / r/the _ donald . 
  no other subreddit i have ever seen is more of a safe space than that hellhole . 
  any even slightly dissenting opinion ? 
  banned . 
  any difficult questions ? 
  banned . 
  i think the issues people have with safe spaces are that people try to claim that the entire university campus should be a safe space , or that they can just stand somewhere as a group and decide that that place is now their safe space . 
  there 's also nothing more frustrating than someone saying something , you responding , and them totally ignoring what you 're saying and just going ` omg mansplaining ' but it 's pretty irrelevant really , like . . who cares how they indicate to you that they 're not worth ever attempting to talk to ? 
  if they did n't talk about mansplaining they 'd find some other way to dismiss your views offhand , because that 's what that person is going to do . 
   i get your point . 
  venting can be good , but if you 're flying a flag for a valid cause ( mra ) and you 're harming this cause ( `` fuck feminists !, 
  '' ) , what are you aiming for at all ? 
  yeah i think venting has its place - and there 's plenty of venting in / r/twox as well , honestly - but not when you 're trying to convince people that your issues are valid issues . 
  props to the op . 
  i apologise for misrepresenting your views . 
  my intent was originally that i felt that your post could be misconstrued , and through a combination of getting worked up over it and poor choice of words on my part , i ended up implying that you said things you did not . 
  this was n't my intent , but it was the result , and that 's what matters . 
  for that , i apologise . 
  you seem like a genuine and reasonable person . 
  i totally understand that you reacted aggressively to what you saw as an attack on your character , especially given that it was n't true . 
  again , this was n't my intent , and i apologise . 
  agreed . 
   im guessing any cap would have to exempt aussies but i think most of us are pretty ok with that considering the relationship of our countries . 
  i think that any exemption should also apply to british immigration . 
  it 's mostly rich retirees coming here and spending their money buying property and going on vacations around the country all the time . 
  there are no issues of cultural compatibility . 
  it just seems reasonable . 
   the way i see it we need only minimal immigration to avoid stagnation . 
  immigration is never necessary to avoid ` stagnation ' . 
  some types of immigration are desirable for many reasons , but immigration is far from the only source of economic growth in new zealand . 
   more is desirable for economic growth . 
  economic growth is desirable as the gap is ever increasing , not redistributing . 
  the economic growth that immigration creates is illusory . 
  it does n't translate into any sort of increase in our standard of living . 
  people do n't automatically become new zealanders as soon as they decide they want to become new zealanders . 
  i know that people being whatever their identify as is pretty trendy at the moment , but 3 years of living in new zealand should not be sufficient to become a citizen . 
  it 's what people call it when you suggest policies they do n't like . 
   e : in this case , they are n't talking about lowering immigration as a coded way of saying `` there are too many chinese/indians . '', 
  the implication that anyone in the country is doing that is harmful . 
  they should n't be arriving in the first place if the do n't have the funds to be set up well when they arrive . 
   sadly it 's just not that small a minority these days even though the people are n't necessarily bad , just frustrated and lacking a proper outlet . 
  yeah . 
  the internet has done wonderful things , but letting the nasty people of the world easily find their fellow shitheads is not one of them . 
  that 's a good point .
