  they do n't . 
  that 's just the reality of it , really . 
  they do n't balance the economy . 
  there 's such a massive oversupply of end products that most end products are cheaper than the raw materials . 
  that 's the only good thing about ao . . 
  wow is n't designed for people that actually think these things through . 
  better than rift at least , where they raise the item level of an item set , put a new palette on an existing skin from a previous expansion and it 's done . 
  runescape has a massive oversupply of most end products though and both the old and new versions of the game have pretty massive power creep . 
  osrs has had lots of really overpowered new items and rs3 is like that x1000000 . 
   in eqoa , in order to get that `` tunic of the xyz '' you had to wait for the boss to spawn , sometimes this took a week . 
  ah yes the old super fun waiting-around-for-a-week-to-get-nothing game mechanic !, 
  ` this theme park did it right ' is just * never * true sorry . 
  that 's not how software development works . 
  i 'm not at all a fan of those systems either . 
  rare things should be * rare * . 
  and again , i disagree entirely . 
  lots of decks in legacy want double-black , for example , and yet they do not run watery grave . 
  the deck does n't run daze , so it definitely could just run badlands . 
  i said ` of most end products ' . 
  that is , end products of crafting . 
  low level gear is very oversupplied . 
  bows are very oversupplied . 
  anything non-consumable is very oversupplied . 
  the items that are worth ` hundreds of millions of gp ' are theme park content that only drop from bosses . 
  you are such a harder worker dude , i could n't stomach the effort to make these comments on every thread . 
  nobody ` enjoys ' afk , because afk is by definition something you do n't participate in , and can not enjoy . 
  when did anyone claim it was a sandbox ? 
  no it 's just straight themepark . 
  archeage arguably leans more towards sandbox , but bdo is 100 % theme park . 
  in what universe does bdo have ` better combat ' ? 
  more spammy combat , perhaps . 
  but certainly not better . 
   bdo will most likely give you that same feeling that you got when you first dived into rs for sure . 
  if your computer was so bad that runescape 's graphics had massive pop-in issues maybe it will remind you of runescape . 
   runescape has `` proper '' group content like dungeons and raids, 
  runescape is definitely not a game about group content . 
  the modern versions of runescape with raids are fucking terrible . 
  they 're a total bastardisation of what made the game good . 
   bdo has the benefit of much better combat/graphics, 
  it clearly has much worse combat ( much easier , more spammy , abd you ca n't watch netflix at the same time ) and worse graphics ( awful particle effects everywhere and terrible terrible pop-in ) . 
  no , they do n't . 
  you literally can not enjoy an ` afk activity ' . 
  afk means you are n't at your computer . 
  you are n't doing anything , there is nothing to enjoy . 
  unless you mean ` afk ' in the sense runescape is afk : that you are playing the game while watching netflix and you just click occasionally . 
  that can be very fun . 
  but i do n't think that 's what people are talking about here . 
  they 're talking about games where you can leave your character logged in basically botting for days at a time . 
  the context of the comment is this :, 
     games need a good balanced economy to really do this stuff properly . 
  they need to have their economics down . 
    generally the only way to do that is to have gear that wears out and ca n't be repaired . 
  otherwise everyone eventually gets their best possible gear and have nothing left to work towards . 
  it does wonders for the gathering/crafting side of the economy too . 
   runescape would disagree with you . 
  that is , you implied that runescape manages to ` have its economic down ' without degrading gear . 
  if we ignore that runescape has a fair bit of degrading gear ( barrows is very popular for example ) , runescape is a great example of a game that just does not have a good economy . 
  it 's had pretty consistent inflation issues , it has very high inequality , it has severe issues of end products being more highly valued than their raw ingredients , etc. 
  he only ran the steam vents because the list was a direct copy , rather than what he thought was best . 
  lsv just copied the deck from a list that 5-0 'd a league , though . 
  he did n't choose to play steam vents and i do n't think he would choose to play steam vents . 
  and yeah they play bayous i.e. 
  they play the dual land of their two non-blue colours , which is pretty common in ( non-blue ) - intensive legacy decks . 
  badlands would be best here , i 'm pretty confident . 
  no you just accept a really shitty linear format instead , that 's what modern does . 
  bazaar of baghdad and library of alexandria are arabian nights rares that are both vintage-playable . 
  library is restricted and $ 700 , bazaar of baghdad is unrestricted and $ 665 . 
  are you kidding ? 
  it 's an arabian nights u2 . 
  it 's not quite as rare as library of alexandria or bazaar of baghdad but it 's not far behind and they 're both $ 650 - $ 700 cards . 
  because one guy did it and magic players like bandwagons even more than youtube fashion channels do . 
  he shocked himself with a steam vents and then died to bolt , for goodness sake . 
  everything everyone says is their opinion, 
  rule . 
  no generic `` looking for mmo '' posts, 
   `` class-based characters are boring and played out '' ? 
  that 's probably 90 % of all mmorpg 's on the market today . 
  that 's why they 're played out ... 
   one might wander what you 're really looking for in an mmo . 
  a top-down subscription-based cash-shop-less sandbox mmorpg in a open world fantasy setting . 
  runescape classic + albion online except not garbage ( pay to win , not open world , etc. ), 
  i 'm astonished that wrath of god is passed so often . 
  your players must draft a lot of creatureless decks . 
  also how do you measure this ? 
  this is presumably only from a few online drafts , right ? 
  that 's a small sample size . . 
  modern is n't an eternal format . 
  eternal formats let you play cards from all sets including supplemental sets and sets before 8th edition . 
  definitely agree with you there . 
  the cost difference is a huge factor , * especially * given that so much of the data we get these days is from mtgo . 
  arabian nights does n't have true rares . 
  just commons and uncommons . 
  some uncommons and commons were rarer than other commons and uncommons . 
  the distinction is that it only has uncommon and common sheets , whereas these days they have uncommon , common and rare sheets . 
  bazaar of baghdad is a u3 ( 3 copies on the uncommon sheet ) , as is library . 
  drop of honey is a u2 , just two copies on the uncommon sheet . 
  it 's thus * rarer * , at least as far as i understand it . 
  i do n't think they had multiple copies of sheets in different permutations then , but i think they * do * have that now ? 
  or something ? 
  that 's the same thing as an oversupply .
