  the only way to bring back the old days when you had it streamed constantly is to make it into something wizards can make money off of , and the only way to do that is to demand the end ( or shrinkage of ) the reserve list . 
  if they could make money off of legacy , they would stream it every weekend . 
  they already make lots of money from legacy . 
  eternal masters was very expensive for players to buy , remember . 
  and they could make even more if they wanted to . 
  mmos do not have strict performance requirements . 
  in fact , the opposite : they have simpler gameplay and lower tickrates than most multiplayer games . 
   i do n't think you ever tried programming ( and finishing ) a video game . 
  i have done so more than once before . 
   especially not multiplayer . 
  not multiplayer , no , but i have written networked programmes before . 
   you have no idea how incredible complex and costly the development process is for the networking part alone . 
  almost all games are multiplayer these days , and they 're released by the thousands ( or more ) every year . 
   and it 's a million times more difficult for mmos . 
  that is simply not true . 
  i do know that it is complex , but it is not * significantly * more complex than other multiplayer games . 
  mmorpgs have been around for two decades now , they are n't experimental or new . 
  these are completely solved problems . 
  if it were 1999 i would agree , new unsolved problems etc. 
  but it 's not . 
  it 's 2017 . 
  we ( software developers ) have a huge amount of experience as an industry building big highly networked programmes . 
  server costs are cheaper than ever , there 's a wealth of experience in the industry , tooling is amazing these days , concurrency is much easier than it was in the past , etc. 
  vanilla is by far the best . 
  it 's not elitist at all . 
  kronos is terrible p2w . 
  nothing at all hc about wotlk endgame . 
  wow stopped growing in wotlk . 
  its peak there was because of growth in bc + vanilla and it being a continuation of wc3 story . 
   in a regular multiplayer game , the server only has to do this for about a dozen or two players , and entities in their immediate area . 
  in an mmo the server will have to do this for a few hundred to a few thousand players , every tick . 
  this is n't accurate . 
  developer-run servers for other multiplayer games are very common . 
  they do n't become easier because you have 20,000 players spread into 2000 games instead of 20,000 players in `` one game '' . 
  it 's not elitist to say that people that started when the game is much easier and complain about everything are acting like children . 
  wotlk did raiding very much improperly . 
  the `` heroic '' raids in wotlk were basically all easier than ubrs lol . 
  irl divorce rates peaked at 50 % a few decades ago and have been steadily dropping ever since . 
  i think it 's mostly intended for people that are irl married and roleplayers . 
  and yeah , roleplayers do tend to be pretty quirky . 
  it 's not exactly difficult . 
  / g anyone up for [ dungeon ] ? 
   for servers that have lower populations group finders are quite helpful . 
  the solution to it being difficult to find a group on a low population server is to not have low population servers . 
   i understand everyone has nostalgia for sitting in a city spamming looking for a group . 
  it has nothing to do with nostalgia . 
  join a guild and do dungeons with your guild . 
  dungeon finders destroy immersion by teleporting everyone everywhere . 
   i 'd rather be continuing to do dailies , shopping , or actually playing while queuing for pvp/pve content , and just be able to zone in when it pops . 
  it 's not particularly difficult to say ` hey does anyone want to do [ dungeon ] ' in ` / g ` . 
   perhaps an exception is for more difficult pve content , where some experience or a certain level of gear is needed to avoid wiping , and group finders may be a huge gamble . 
  any content you can do with a group finder group is trivial and boring . 
  well vanilla wow is the only mmo in history to grow after launch instead of starting with lots of players and instantly falling , so if any mmorpg had a chance of still having big queues in six months it would be this one . 
  nostalrius had this many players online at once . 
   also it is hilarious that people think that even if it stays at a constant 20k that its worth putting up a classic server, 
  it 's hilarious that you think that a completely unauthorised and completely unadvertised private server would have anywhere near as many people playing as if blizzard authorised and set up a real one . 
   it will be great if blizz implements some kind of expansion based servers with many of the qol improvements they made . 
  that would be the worst of both worlds . 
  jesus christ that would be horrible . 
  no , god , no . 
  why would you want an instanced dungeon ? 
  why not just go play diablo 2 at that point ? 
  are you serious ? 
  what possible reason would you want to have instanced dungeons ? 
   as someone that had delt with both starting back in the uo and eq days , instanced dungeons all the way . 
  i hate having to camp for 4 + hours for something to spawn with groups all around seeing who can tag it first . 
  that 's an absurd reason . 
  i 've played games without instances and i 've never had to camp for 4 + hours for something to spawn . 
  that 's an argument against having absurd spawn rates and nothing else . 
   i way prefer being in there with my group only . 
  able to calculate our tactics without having to worry about others makes it way more enjoyable, 
  it makes it boring . 
  it makes it the same every time . 
   cool ... 
  but does a non-instanced dungeon mean that a few hundred people can just walk in ( late ? ), 
  and poke/fight the boss and get loot at their own time ? 
  would that make it a world boss ? 
  who said anything about bosses ? 
   instanced dungeons would n't have competition, 
  that 's a bad thing , fyi . 
   and you also would n't have to wait for respawn times . 
  so many the respawn times short . 
  it really frustrates me how bad players are at evaluating mechanics . 
  every time someone discusses a mechanic like this people just assume random stuff about how things work . 
  there 's this assumption that non-instanced dungeons have bosses with gigantic spawn timers that you have to ` camp ' . 
  why would that be the case ? 
  clearly that 's a bad mechanic that players would n't enjoy . 
  so why assume that that 's how it would work ? 
  you do n't see players assuming that having instanced dungeons means something else equally ridiculous , like dungeons are all completely solo instances or something . 
  there 's also this prevalent assumption that it 's either/or . 
  why ca n't we have something in the middle ? 
  why ca n't we have instances that are mostly completely open , but have a couple of instanced rooms for boss fights ? 
  i 'm not saying this is a good idea , but it 's * an * idea . 
  to me the pros of instanced dungeons is that developers can tailor content to specifically sized groups of players . 
  the cons of instanced dungeons are that they are less immersive , they get stale more quickly , and they do something that i think is a big problem in mmos : they encourage people to only work within the same static social group . 
  mmos should encourage people to form * new * relationships in games , not just always working with the same guildies . 
  i absolutely agree . 
  mmorpgs are virtual worlds . 
  they are n't arenas . 
  this queue-up-for-shit stuff gives me canceraids .
