  wow 's problem is that they used to have 36 somewhat unique classes and now they have four : ranged dps , melee dps , tank and healer . 
  two healers are almost the same , two ranged dps are almost the same . 
   abolish the dps/healer/tank trinity or at least come up with new roles . 
  a wow2 would need to not be trinity , that 's definitely true . 
  and i strictly mean wow 's idea of the trinity . 
  it would just feel like a total rehash of the original game if it had the same setting , the same classes , the same roles , etc. 
  i think that a wow2 would need a design that did n't have two * cooperative * roles and one * boring role * . 
  dps is fundamentally boring , it really is . 
  anyone denying that is missing the point of what i mean by boring , i think . 
  it 's pretty much totally solo-focused . 
  everyone should do damage . 
  that does n't mean everyone should cast shadow bolts or whatever , but that everyone contributes to the damage . 
  the damage is n't the meaningful part , it 's not important . 
  it 's just there , everyone does it . 
  everyone should have some other role as well . 
  i think that specifics are difficult because they have to come later , after the combat system in general is worked out . 
  a wow 2 could not have the wow-style combat . 
  it would be too samey . 
  it would have to have something more dynamic . 
  stand-in-one-place-but-avoid-fire-and-shoot-fireballs is very 2004 . 
  how does someone become a fucking * professor * while being that stupid , assuming that is n't a joke ? 
  totally agree , appointing susan devoy is essentially abolishing the role but with less backlash . 
  although honestly if they just did it , they 'd probably hear the end of it within a week or two , whereas now ... 
  have you played since ... 2009 ? 
  rotating camera , 3d graphics -  not isometric . 
  not isometric . 
  ( also it is pay to win ), 
  trust those damn ( ( ( jews ) ) ) to miseducate kids on maths . 
  i do n't think computer science students should have to learn any calculus , frankly . 
  we quite rightly do n't make mathematics students learn object-oriented programming . 
  or maybe he just does n't like algebra ... 
   how do you do any proper optimization/stats/machine learning then ? 
  stats is n't calculus . 
  machine learning is n't undergraduate-level computer science . 
   also maybe not object oriented programming but i think math students should be required to take maybe an intro to python or at least a matlab class, 
  at the university i went to in nz , we covered matlab and maple in our first-year mathematics courses . 
  a whole course on them would be counterproductive . 
  the trinity * sucks * . 
  roles are good , and the trinity only has two roles : tank and healer . 
  damage is n't a role , everyone does damage . 
  tanks do as much damage as damage-dealers . 
  trinity means damage , healer and tank . 
  that 's what it means . 
  it specifically means those three . 
  mobas have a huge variety of much less rigid roles . 
  what are the five roles in dota 2 ? 
  i fucking dare you to say ` carry , jungler , support , mid , offlane ' . 
  yet another reason legion sucks . 
  what would be logical would be * not having so many expansions with stat increases * . 
  blizzard have zero interest in making a sandbox mmorpg . 
  they 've made wow more and more and more themepark-y . 
   the biggest reason i do not play world of warcraft is i hate the art style with a passion . 
  major turn off . 
  surely it 's better than pedo-races , over the top particle effects and stupidly oversexualised characters in almost the entire rest of the genre ? 
  i have no reason to believe any of their public statements about titan . 
  they did n't think it would be profitable . 
  it had nothing to do with fun . 
  oh come on , i dislike unfinished early access games as much as the next guy , but a supposedly unfinished game can still be * objectively better and more complete * than a supposed finished game . 
  why do they have to be a neutral third party ? 
  they are directly opposing the players . 
  if you make a dungeon , it 's open to * anyone * . 
  if someone loots the chest at the end then you * lose your money * . 
  if you create an easy dungeon for your friends then you 'd be better off just giving your money to them directly . 
  but if people go into your dungeon and die , well , you can loot their corpses just like you can loot corpses in pvp . 
  i do n't remember any calculus that was beyond high school level . 
  simple differentiation of polynomials and exponential functions , basic differential equations . 
  basic high school stuff . 
  you might need to go over it slightly at the beginning of the course on machine learning , but once you 're in your third or fourth year you should be capable of understanding high school calculus . 
  partial derivatives really are pretty simple . 
   vaporware like aoc and obvious scams like it, 
  not sure i 'd characterise it as vapourware . 
  stargate : worlds , now that is vapourware . 
  i do n't think he asked ` where is the mmorpg genre right now ? ', 
   gaming culture has shifted away from the notion of the genre as a whole . 
  i totally disagree . 
  adding progression and so-called ` rpg elements ' to every game does n't mean genres are anywhere near going away . 
   if you want a game with an epic story , there are plenty of single player rpg 's that offer that at a quality and quantity an mmo will never be able to match . 
  mmorpgs are n't about epic developer-written stories . 
  books are . 
   if you strive for competition , mechanically or otherwise , you can achieve much higher levels of challenge and skill in an mmoba or mmofps than you ever can in an mmorpg because the competitive aspects will always be second to the pve content . 
  mmorpgs are n't about mechanic competition either . 
   the only unique thing which an mmo can offer is the ability to show off ones hard earned ( read grind ) gear . 
  rubbish . 
  mmorpgs offer unprecedented scale , the ability to make a real impact on a massive persistent world , a persistent community , persistent character progression in an open social world , etc. 
   ultimately i think that the golden age of the mmo has passed . 
  the golden age of the mmo was pre-2004 . 
   player created content wo n't be a thing , unless it has no incentives outside of maybe a weekly ? 
  and then devs could use that to push into their game possibly . 
  edit : depending on your definition of player made content ... 
  why not ? 
  that 's * always * been the way . 
  small teams , indie developers , developers without publishers , these have * always * been the people innovating . 
  runescape is one of the few really unique mmorpgs today . 
  you can tell that it 's unique , and has a separate community , because the terminology is so different . 
  clans , not guilds . 
  pking and pvm , not pvp and pve . 
  pures , not alts . 
  members , not p2p . 
  chars , not toons . 
  it was made by two brothers .
