  it 's way way way way way too slow . 
  it 's a fun and very very casual card . 
   i think what 's going on here is a clash in ideologies ; the casual player sees something like cv and is afraid because it looks op . 
  no they are n't . 
  casual players love coalition victory because it 's hilariously fun and casual . 
   i see your point . 
  from your perspective , it is banned for seemingly no reason . 
  the rules committee probably banned it to protect the casuals , which while a noble goal is not exactly the proper goal of a banlist . 
  no , again with this meme of people on / r/magictcg assuming anyone that does n't like something about edh is super competitive . 
  coalition victory is a * fun casual card * . 
  it should be legal for the same reason that one with nothing is legal . 
  it should be legal for the same reason that any alternate win condition is legal : they 're fun , they 're funny , and they create spectacular moments that people will always remember . 
  ` that time gary won with coalition victory on turn 6 ' is funny and fun for casual players because who wins does n't actually matter . 
  you shuffle up and play again . 
  it 's funny , it 's fun , and it 's memorable . 
  it has absolutely no place on the banlist . 
  it 's literally nonsensical . 
  sway of the stars is also a stupid ban . 
  if they want to ban everything that can ` reset the game ' they have a gigantic list , but they do n't . 
  just sway of the stars . . for some reason . 
  you are wrong . 
  mishra 's workshop is legal as a 4-of purely and entirely because that 's what is best for the format . 
  it 's more than feasible . 
  it 's the most profitable tv show that hbo have ever made . 
  they have more than enough money to do a full episode for a battle like this . 
  this is one of the biggest flaws in the story for me . 
  grrm supposedly did n't want a story that 's just good vs. evil , but the plot seems to have moved more and more towards exactly that . 
  i thought that was really effective . 
  that 's not what a montage is . 
  that 's a cut . 
  but there 's zero indication of that and most importantly * he did n't drown * . 
  you only get that sort of inner vitality and ` born again ' stuff when your lungs actually fill with water and the drowned god * brings you back * , that 's the implication in the books . 
  he just clung to a log . 
   secondly , let 's say all of the characters we care about die , but the realm is saved . 
  yes , that is a bittersweet ending in a sense , but it 's more of a tragic ending , because at the heart and core of got is the characters , and i do n't think any of us give any fucks about the people of westeros . 
  where do you get this from ? 
  i see it repeated here a bit but i do n't think it 's true at all . 
  people love the world and love the people and do n't at all like most of the characters . 
  i also do n't think the books will bear much resemblance to the show . 
  the show diverged a lot when it was actually based on the books . 
  it will have diverged even more now that it 's ahead by two seasons . 
   we already know the maesters, 
  no , we do n't know that . 
  someone * suggested * it , and it 's possible , but it 's not at all confirmed . 
   jon and dany are the two main characters of this story, 
  they 're the two main characters in the show . 
  i do n't think they 're the two main characters in the book . 
  i do n't think that the show will bear much resemblance to the book frankly . 
  and ? 
  it 's still not powerful . 
  all these bloody comments in this thread miss the point that way way way way way more powerful and less fun cards are legal in edh . 
  it does n't matter whether you want to do it . 
  it has no reason to be on the banlist . 
  and the answer is : anyone that is behind , obviously . 
   it 's hard to see kit harrington and not see `` jon snow '' immediately . 
  eh , if he has a shave and cuts his hair he 'd look totally different . 
  jason alexander does n't look like george with a beard . 
   iirc , they did n't `` need '' to , they just did to make everything `` feel '' more like winter . 
  personally i think it was a poor choice and had no real impact on the show 's quality ( unless we want to start talking about the fucking nosedive season 7 did ) . 
  at least season 7 was better than fucking season 6 . 
  eugh what a horrible season that was . 
  and 5 was n't much better . 
   davos having a comedy skit with two goldcloaks before gendry bashes their skulls in, 
  this was a good scene . 
  i think the rescue-jon-lose-dragon thing was stupid too , but some or all of daenerys 's dragons will have to die in the books as well . 
  losing one to the night king in a believable way seems possible . 
  the problem was that this way was n't fulfilling . 
  to be fair r+l = j was promoted here as ` obviously 100 % true ' for ages . 
  and just because it turned out to be true , that does n't change that it was n't actually * that * strong a theory . 
  i do n't think they 'll be remotely similar . 
  the show is just fanfic . 
  kind of makes sense for sandor to finally , after fearing fire his whole life , be brought back by fire and wield a flaming sword to conquer both his brother and the fear his brother created in him . 
  no , it does matter , because in one case something happened and in the other you 're reading too much into it . 
  evil does n't require malice . 
  corporations can be evil despite supposedly being amoral . 
   many of the teleport accuses are just odd . 
  we do n't know the timeline in the season , there might be a month in between some scenes , so the unsullied and others is easily explained by time . 
  does people think this is live ? 
  well yes , we do , because that 's how tv show timelines are structured . 
  if there 's no indication between two scenes of significant time passing , then significant time has n't passed . 
  she somehow flew all the way to north of the wall on a dragon for what , a week ? 
  while they stood and froze . 
  gendry somehow ran all the way back despite their long journey in what , ten minutes ? 
  and then they sent a raven to dragonstone , she pondered over it , decided to come , got herself ready to go , got on her dragon , flew all the way up there . 
  that 's a lot of time . 
  they just stood on the lake for that whole time ? 
  that 'd take 2 weeks or more . 
  your criticism of the complaints makes no sense . 
  exactly where are the unsullied marching and why are n't they met with an army ? 
  the idea that jon needed to make it south quickly . . no he did n't . 
  he could have made it south quickly on a dragon . 
  the ridiculous idea that he slipped under the ice and then what , just magically got the strength to jump right back out again . . that whole sequence was absurd . 
  totally absurd . 
  it was fake danger . 
  jon is in danger , under the ice , the wights have got him ... oh wait no he 's actually totally fine . 
  ridiculous . 
  deus ex machina rubbish with benjen too . 
   i agree that there are legitimate criticisms . 
  what 's gotten a bit ridiculous this season is the fact that people seem unable to read between the lines and think that if something is n't explicitly spelled out to them that it 's a plothole or a continuity error . 
  prime example is episode 6 - everybody was so quick to judge how the night king should have killed them , or frozen the ice himself , or any other list of criticisms levied against that episode .
