  oh is it in a cycle ? 
  i literally just guessed from the name and their probable desire to give people something special for a card like that . 
  wildfire variant would be suh-weet . 
  hopefully something cubeable . 
  dark depths has a state-based trigger . 
  what card in the game says `` enemy '' ? 
  pay to win is binary . 
  yes you can buy best-in-slot items . 
  and whether you can buy best-in-slot items does n't affect whether it 's pay to win anyway . 
  ` pay to win ' has about as much to do with winning as / u/rewsasw has to do with the sas . 
  no they are n't . 
  the hysteria around counterfeits is absurd . 
  you think this deck does n't ` absolutely crush ' fair decks ? 
  lol . 
  this deck would wreck your shitty honda civic deck . 
  and not any worse . 
  no they are n't . 
  you can literally google ` wow boe bis legion ' and find a dozen websites that will sell you bis boes for $ $ . 
  they 're tradeable . 
  you can buy gold from blizzard . 
  you can trade the gold for the items . 
  that makes it p2w . 
   and blizzard is not selling gold , you can only buy gold from other players , that 's huge difference too . 
  yes they are selling gold . 
  wow tokens have value in gold . 
  it wo n't trigger again while the trigger is on the stack . 
  and yes , you can wasteland then . 
  mmorpg development is already * much * cheaper than it used to be . 
   wow token has 30-day subscription not gold value , it 's not adding any gold to the game economy . 
  if you trade it to another player they will give you gold . 
  it has value . 
   it 's only worth gold , because other players are willing to pay using gold for it , if players would not buying those from other players , it would have no gold value . 
  no shit sherlock , it 's almost like that 's what value is . 
  ( hint : that 's exactly what value is ) . 
   oppnent , enemy , its the same thing . 
  it definitely is n't . 
  ` target enemy ' could quite easily mean ` target opponent or creature an opponent controls ' . 
   i wasnt meticulas in looking up exactly the rules of designing the text of a cars . 
  nobody plays gush at 5 mana . 
  there 's nothing r-rated about those . 
  i enjoy these . 
  and he 's certainly more accurate at card evaluation than the vast , vast majority of reddit comments . 
  they do n't do this out of the goodness of their hearts . 
  they do it because they know that it 's free advertising to children . 
  wotc are happy to get free advertising to children , because their business model is built around impulse purchases of booster packs . 
  it 's well known that children have poor impulse control , that they are highly susceptible to marketing , and that they are easily psychologically manipulated by booster-pack-like business models . 
   but it 's regulated by a free market, 
  no it is n't . 
  blizzard sell wow tokens with the intent of you trading them into gold . 
  that 's how it 's advertised . 
  that is the * whole point * . 
   so all is perfectly fine . 
  it 's blatant p2w . 
   who cares ? 
  magic is a great game for learning strategy , arithmetic , reading , social skills , and countless other abilities that many kids struggle with . 
  not any more so than any other game . 
   nobody is suffering from any misconceptions that this is not part of wotcs marketing strategy . 
  yes they are . 
  see : all the posts saying ` omg wotc is so generous so nice i love wotc ' . 
   believe it or not , it is possible , sometimes , to do a good thing that also benefits you . 
  it 's what we in the grown-up world call a win-win . 
  in the grown-up world we recognise toxic companies that advertise gambling to children as a bad thing . 
  agreed . 
  a card that is indistinguishable from a real card is as good as a real card . 
   gold value of tokens is regulated by a free market, 
  what does that have to do with anything ? 
  lots of things are a free market . 
  that does n't mean they are n't what they are . 
  wow tokens are pay to win . 
  it does n't matter how they get their value . 
  they 're items sold by the developer that can be traded between players . 
  that 's pay to win . 
  that 's all there is to it . 
   you need to stop with your p2w in everywhere obsession or you 'll not find any mmorpg to play . 
  i do n't care . 
  we do n't change the definition of pay to win just because you think that it 's too broad or because you refuse to play pay to win games . 
  ffxiv style is just wow style except that your characters all look the same and share an inventory space and bank space , though . 
  how far you 've progressed in the other classes is totally irrelevant , right ? 
  like , if you are max level class x and class y , with class x currently selected , and i 'm max level class x and nothing else , with class x currently selected , you get zero benefit from having that class y level ? 
  because if so , that 's just a class-based system , and it 's really just switching characters . 
  it certainly is not my definition of pay to win . 
  i do n't define what the word pay to win means . 
  it 's well-defined . 
  it 's been around for over a decade and it 's meant the same thing the entire time : any form of non-cosmetic microtransaction is pay to win . 
   i do understand there are benefits to set in stone classes as well : a stronger theme/immersion for roleplay and easier balancing to name a few , but i still hunger for more games that allow extreme flexibility on a single character . 
  i think the only benefits for class-based systems is that they 're familiar to many players , they 're usually very simple and accessible , and they give players direction . 
  these are obviously all related , but it comes down to accessibility . 
  roleplayers should by far prefer classless systems , because class-based systems are so restrictive in their character choices . 
  most people do n't want to rp as yet another generic elvish archer or dwarf warrior or human wizard . 
  and personally ? 
  balancing does n't have anything to do with classless vs. class-based . 
  i often see it claimed that classless systems are hard to balance , but i just do n't think that that is true . 
  i 've never seen any evidence of it . 
  class-based systems seem to be just as impossible to balance . 
  wow , for example , is * incredibly * unbalanced in end-game pve for dps . 
  many specs are just objectively better than others . 
  and yet they have a huge team , lots and lots and lots of resources to throw at balancing , and ** extremely ** simple game mechanics . 
  yet there are many games with much more complicated mechanics and much less restrictive character building that are more balanced . 
  balance is overrated anyway . 
  every choice should n't be balanced , because that destroys the whole point of choice .
