  we ca n't just double our population and magically fit them all in . 
  and we do n't really want to . 
  it 's nice that you can drive through nz and not spend your entire time going through town after town after village after town after village after town like you do in britain . 
  that has its own charm , and nz 's lovely low population is an asset . 
  a higher population would have only negative impacts on nz . 
  i 'm honestly getting sick of hearing about this . 
  oh boo hoo , they do n't get loads of benefits for going to australia . 
  okay , but that 's australia 's problem . 
  it 's not our problem . 
  we have an election coming up soon , and the media is spending more time and effort on the so-called plight of new zealanders in australia than they are on the real plight of new zealanders in new zealand !, 
   at what point , to quote the podcast , do we stop becoming a doormat ? 
  we 'll stop being a doormat in that sense if we stop being a doormat in the other sense . 
  australia does n't have a big problem with new zealanders going over there . 
  the problem is that it 's * ridiculously * easy to become a new zealand citizen without actually being a kiwi . 
  you do n't have to have come to nz , picked up a bit of an accent , integrated fully into our culture , married a new zealander , had kiwi kids , and become a kiwi yourself . 
  nope , you come across , speak indian in auckland with other indian people for a couple of years , plant a little tree , sing the national anthem and hey presto you 're a kiwi and you get all the benefits of other kiwis in australia . 
  again , the total number of cars wo n't decrease if there are three times as many people . 
  that 's just not realistic . 
  it 's never happened anywhere . 
  it wo n't happen anywhere . 
  we * decide * what our population will be . 
  it is n't decided for us by some sort of magic wizard of population growth . 
   it was polynesian immigrants who were most strongly disliked by australian officials . 
  well they do tend to commit far more crime than others . 
  pacific islanders have by far the easiest path to citizenship in nz too , we take far too many far too easily . 
   the difference with norway is that they set up a state pension fund with the oil exporting revenue decades ago . 
  we had the cullen fund . 
  we could have had compulsory kiwisaver decades ago like aus does . 
  we chose not to . 
  yeah they have plenty of oil money , but sweden does n't , denmark does n't , iceland does n't . 
  those countries all have very similar quality of life figures to norway . 
  i do n't mind tourism . 
  it 's a very low-wage low-value thing to be doing , though . 
  we should n't be trying to make tourism our national industry . 
  spacex is not nasa . 
  it 's not a shame . 
  space is absolutely enormous and we 're not going to be filling it up any time quickly . 
  any orbits where it wo n't all burn up back into the atmosphere are so unbelievably gigantic that it 's fine . 
  ` offshore ' as if that matters . 
  who cares if it goes offshore ? 
  if they did n't go offshore , they 'd go into the pockets of people that already have plenty of money . 
  the issue is the rich , not ` scary foreigners ' . 
   doomsday ft - this deck is pretty dead, 
  it was dead before top ban , did n't stop people from playing it . 
  not being tier 1 is not the same as being unplayable . 
   the epic storm - deck is great . 
  there 's plenty of good content on it . 
  it 's garbage compared to ant . 
  well horses did n't drop in population because there were more humans you egg , they dropped because there were cars . 
  christ you 're an egg . 
  no it does n't . 
  it does n't stay in our economy . 
  it stays in a bank . 
  it does n't participate in the economy . 
  the rich getting richer and having more money does n't in any way positively or negatively affect our economy . 
  and ? 
  what does that have to do with anything ? 
  sweden , denmark , norway , germany , iceland and finland all have similarly wonderful statistics on happiness and equality and wellbeing . 
  only one of them has a $ 1t oil fund . 
  yes i read the article . 
  no that does n't mean that i agree with it . 
  i 'm allowed to disagree with things . 
  which they sometimes do . 
  but the difference between money going overseas and money going to the rich is tiny compared to the difference between money going to the rich and money going to the real people . 
  yeah it 's absurd . 
  we 're constantly told these ceos need to be paid hundreds of thousands of dollars per year ( or more !, 
  millions sometimes ! ), 
  because they 're ultimately responsible . 
  and yet it seems like they 're rarely held responsible , and when they are they 're given a big golden parachute . 
  i have , elsewhere in the thread . 
  did you even read it ?? 
   which services had their funding slashed ? 
  all of them . 
  health in particular has been absolutely ruined by national . 
  education is abysmal , universities are underfunded and just scraping by , schools are relying more and more on so-called donations . 
   how would labour have gotten to a surplus ? 
  labour already had a fucking surplus , although a surplus is n't actually remotely valuable in any way . 
  this focus on surplus surplus surplus is stupid . 
  it makes no sense at all . 
  a surplus is * bad * for the economy , it represents a net flow of money from the private sector to the government , and to overseas borrowers . 
  surpluses * always * result in a contracting economy , every single time . 
  this is basic economics . 
   if the answer is through faster economic growth , how would they have achieved that ? 
  we 've had incredibly low economic growth because the poor have no money . 
  when you have no money you ca n't drive the economy . 
  the poor drive every successful economy . 
  when the poor have more money , they can drive the economy . 
  they spend all their income . 
   if the answer is through faster economic growth , how would they have achieved that ? 
  when you import nearly a hundred thousand chinese people we 're going to get gdp growth , no shit sherlock . 
  it realistically did . 
   would you rather i held up a mirror ( as in my previous statement ) or bluntly corrected you ? 
  you did n't ` hold up a mirror ' , you idiotically caricatured by statement and pretended i said something silly when i did n't . 
  you said that * population growth * and * population density * would drive lower car numbers . 
  but you 're wrong , they never have in the past and there 's no reason why they would now or in the future . 
  you did n't say that this was because of some massive ( mythical ) technological change ( that is n't going to happen anyway ) . 
  you said it was the result of population density and public transport . 
  horses went away because of technological change that had nothing to do with population density . 
  cars might be replaced with ` automatic vehicles ' or whatever - although , speaking as someone in the autonomous vehicles industry , anyone that thinks that cars will all be replaced with autonomous vehicles any time even remotely close to ` soon ' is a naive fool - but that has nothing to do with density either . 
   your ignorant statement does n't consider the impact of technological change which is likely to be realized in the next decade or two .
