  the point is for people ( and their children ) not to be in poverty , and to get some value back to the government in the process . 
  it 's not for the government to make a profit . 
  yes . 
  and in fact , the government making a profit in any case is pretty much always fucking stupid . 
  the government should be spending more than it taxes * pretty much all of the time * according to modern economic theory , with its primary constraint on spending being inflation . 
  [ [ sidenote : this insane idea that people have that the government ca n't ` afford ' to do things , as if they forget that the government can print as much money as it likes , it 's just hilarious . 
  the funniest thing is when people claim this will cause inflation . 
  look at all the economies that printed a shitload of money and experienced near-deflation during the gfc ... ] ], 
  a living wage is a stupid idea . 
  paying people not to work is just pointless . 
  the government should set the minimum wage at the level that you need in order to live comfortably in auckland . 
  not pampered , but the amount of money necessary to live in a warm , dry house with a couple of children eating plain and cheap but nutritious food , recognising people ca n't live a healthy life if they never spend any extra money either . 
  the government should then take 90 % of this figure and create as many jobs as there are people that want jobs . 
  then they should get rid of all unemployment benefits , get rid of working for families , get rid of all that shit . 
  get rid of the independent earner tax credit , get rid of all that crap . 
  if someone * can not * work ( and that 's a low bar , even most people incapable of getting a real job , they can do something useful for society ) then there needs to be a benefit for them , of course . 
  but anyone that can work , should be given a job and paid to do it . 
  no sitting around on a benefit , no requirement to look for a job , just give them a bloody job . 
  labour is n't planning to ` whack the provinces ' . 
  labour wants * farmers * to pay their fair share in return for the environmental damage they do . 
  farmers are not the fucking provinces . 
   they clearly do n't want farmers to pay their fair share . 
  if they did , they 'd put their water tax on auckland . 
  people in auckland already pay for water , idiot . 
   farmers are a significant contributor to provincial economies . 
  when they 're rough , the provincial economy declines . 
  the low payout of a few years ago was a clear indicator of that . 
  that 's the whole fucking problem . 
  it 's not exactly an unusual view dude . 
  you people seem to assume that businesses are these perfectly rational actors , but they just are n't . 
  that 's just not true . 
  companies that waste money do not go out of business . 
  that 's not how markets work outside of economics textbooks . 
  governments have much stronger incentives to be efficient than businesses does . 
  that 's just reality . 
   the government should set the minimum wage at the level you need to live ` comfortably ' in the most expensive city in the country ? 
  well yes , of course it should . 
  do people not have a right to food and shelter in your view ? 
   then the government will ` create jobs ' ? 
  when has that ever worked ? 
  ah you see there was this time in history called * literally the entire history of the world before 1984 * . 
  irrelevant, 
  they are n't because they do n't want to raise them . 
  but they should be forced to by unions . 
  they are n't , because successive national governments have decimated unions . 
  there are no ` suffering farmers ' . 
  the * problem * is that provincial economies are dominated by farming . 
  that 's because the only part of provincial new zealand that national governments care about are farmers . 
   they do n't need to be , especially not individually . 
  no , they do not , and they are n't . 
   those that are absurd are n't in business though , it 's evolutionary in that sense . 
  no it is n't . 
  that 's not how the world works . 
  you do not need to act rationally to be successful , and you do not need to be successful to act rationally . 
  there 's no evidence that anyone anywhere acts consistently acts rationally over any significant period of time * ever * . 
  i did n't say ` ca n't find a job ' . 
  i said * can not work * . 
  that means * physically or mentally incapable of working * . 
   iow you want to go back to the ` muldoon era ' where the government set the wages and prices for all of new zealand each year for employees and employers ... 
  no , did n't say that , learn to read . 
   if you could n't get a real job then you became a department of labour employee and ( most often ) became a ` make work employee of a government department . 
  in those day the truly unemployed numbered in the low hundreds nationwide , but many government departments had thousands of dole employees . 
  yes , that was a very good thing . 
  it made the country far better . 
   thanks , but no thanks . 
  the country has never once , since then , never once , had as high economic growth or as low unemployment . 
  but sure , ` freedom ' for the sake of it is totally good / s. 
  no , he means do n't greedily go for kills or farm or towers if it 'll get you killed . 
  a 50 % chance of killing a support and a 50 % chance of dying , on a core ? 
  do n't do it !, 
  well there are a few options . 
  * you can try to just race her , by picking strong pushing heroes like dragon knight and venomancer . 
  * you can try to just gank her over and over again in lane . 
  * you can just autowin the lane with lich , turning your ` offlane ' into a safe lane and ruining their laning ( i 've never seen more abandons than when my team has a lich , like a third of the times my team goes lich the opponent abandons in garbage tier ) . 
  * you can counter her with anti-mage or phantom lancer , who also farm faster than her . 
  half the time in shit-tier dota if you jump on her and start draining her mana she 'll stupidly leave her mana shield on too long and wo n't get a chance to use her ult . 
  most low-tier medusas build an over-the-top tank build where they do a terrible boots -  aquila -  treads -  linkens -  manta -  skadi `` i got ta get all the ultimate orbs '' build . 
  they 're `` unkillable '' but they 're also slow as dogshit and do fuck all damage . 
  you can just ignore her in fights , fight the rest of her team while she runs after them going ` wait up guys , wait for meee !!!! ', 
  and then when you win the fight you can just kill her ezpz . 
  no , it 's not relevant at all . 
  ' i could care less ' is similarly stupid . 
  correctness in language absolutely exists . 
   i consider it correct , so it 's not universally considered incorrect, 
  yes it is . 
  you do n't count , because you are wrong . 
  they pay for the water . 
  it 's a very , very childish theme . 
  the vitriolic reaction of the public towards virtually any public spending at all , for a start . 
  til every single country that has ever existed is a failed state, 
  why are you finding this so hard to understand ? 
  the burden of proof is on him . 
  given that he 's a criminal , a liar and a fraud , he 's got a high bar there . 
  i do n't like it * because * it 's wrong . 
  sorry , but this is pretty well established . 
  ' i could care less ' is objectively wrong . 
  it 's nonsensical and stupid . 
  ' i could n't care less ' makes sense , literally conveys the meaning , and is objectively correct . 
  it 's recognised as correct by actual experts . 
  ` math ' is just plainly , factually incorrect .
