   greek democracy was n't democratic , only men could vote, 
  yes it was . 
  only allowing men to vote does n't mean it is n't democratic . 
   democracy is inherently more advanced than feudalism in terms of the innovation it spurs on . 
  that 's moronic . 
  democracy does n't encourage innovation . 
   the british empire was n't feudalism, 
  no shit sherlock . 
  westeros is . 
  democracy is not more advanced than feudalism though . 
  he 's more complex than any character in a lot of fantasy novels . 
  it 's good in stasis ... 
  you need power for this deck to work . 
  you really need recall , lotus and at least on-colour moxen . 
  it was also much better when gush was legal . 
  i would n't play both tnns . 
  i would keep one in my hand and play the other . 
  it 's likely that anything that kills one will kill both if i play both . 
  having a second tnn after they play their one-of -1 / -1 effect is disgusting . 
   ( unless they toxic deluge then you get wrecked ), 
  or really anything else that kills it . 
  most things that kill it will kill two . 
  golgari charm really is very good . 
  tnn tends to be much better in stoneforge mystic decks , whether that 's the old uwr delver or stoneblade or whatever does n't really matter . 
   this is beyond stupid . 
  you are indeed beyond stupid . 
   if not everyone can vote , then you are n't meaningfully democratic . 
  yes you are . 
  states where imprisoned criminals ca n't vote are still democratic . 
  states where children ca n't vote are still democratic . 
  states where women ca n't vote are still democratic . 
  universal suffrage is a different , separate concept . 
  it 's also a much , much more recent one . 
  and it 's separate . 
   plus democracy does encourage innovation . 
  not really , no . 
  a lot of people whine about affc for no good reason . 
   all the fan favorites in tyrion , jon , dany , bran, 
  i do n't understand how daenerys could be anyone 's favourite character , honestly . 
  her chapters are utterly , utterly boring . 
  no you 're just biased . 
   states where women ca n't vote are n't democratic either in a meaningful way, 
  are states where children ca n't vote democratic in a meaningful way ? 
  are states where prisoners ca n't vote democratic in a meaningful way ? 
  stop projecting your biases onto unbiased terms like ` democracy ' . 
   i literally can not believe i am having this argument . 
  stop pretending to be incredulous . 
   children ca n't vote because they are deemed uneducated and incapable . 
  are you suggesting the same is true of women ? 
  women could n't vote in the past because they were deemed uneducated and incapable . 
  the same reasons we use to deny the vote to young people were used in the past to deny the vote to women , to ethnic minorities , to religious minorities , etc. 
  your implication that i 'm some sort of misogynist just because i understand that how we view different groups in society changes over time is quite offensive . 
  women were n't able to vote in the past . 
  yet it was still democratic . 
  children ca n't vote now . 
  yet it 's still democratic . 
  16-18-year-olds would likely be able to vote in an independent scotland , and it would n't be more or less democratic , or more or less meaningfully democratic . 
   and yes , a state where prisoners can vote is more democratic than one where they ca n't . 
  this is n't a bias this is the modern definition of the word . 
  i agree that prisoners should be able to vote . 
  denying them the right to vote is wrong . 
  but it does n't make society undemocratic , just like denying the vote to any group does n't make society undemocratic . 
  they 're still democracies . 
  i totally disagree . 
  it 's better than * nothing * against combo . 
  but it 's awful compared to any actually good card against combo . 
  it 's awful compared to stifle or daze or force of will or counterspell or thalia or chalice or sphere of resistance or thoughtseize or inquisition of kozilek or for that matter any other relevant card that 's good against combo . 
  people that say ` oh but you can keep them off threshold in ant ' or ` oh but you can exile their creatures in reanimator ' are totally missing the point . 
  yeah it does n't do * nothing * , but it 's still terrible against combo . 
  if the format were dominated by combo it would see very little play in fair decks . 
  drs is played because despite not doing much against combo , it 's extremely good against fair decks . 
  it lets you run incredibly greedy mana and win against mana denial decks more often than not . 
  * that * is where its power lies . 
  * that * is why people play it . 
  no , that 's not true at all . 
  it was so-called ` collectors ' that were n't collecting because they wanted to collect but because they wanted to have an appreciating asset . 
  this , people , is why regulations requiring businesses to be accessible are important . 
  her chapters have been boring crap since book one . 
  she 's a totally irrelevant character on the other side of the world and 5000 pages later she 's still a totally irrelevant character on the other side of the world . 
  the evidence indicates she probably is n't even the real daenerys targaryen . 
  wanting evidence of something ? 
  on this subreddit ? 
  where people take whimsical , flimsy theories as fact and use them as a basis for new , even more whimsical and flimsy theories ? 
  title contains spoiler , please delete, 
  if there is an ` if ' about either then there is an ` if ' about both . 
  twow is not guaranteed to be released , and is no more guaranteed to be released than ados . 
  midrange blue decks generally . 
  i still maintain that it 's terrible against combo . 
  it just does n't do anything relevant . 
  * duly *, 
  um the meta is not 30-40 % combo unless you 're including aluren and dark depths decks as combo . 
  no you can not . 
  that 's precisely the point . 
  the ` free market ' wo n't sort this out . 
  the most profitable thing will always be to exclude the disabled . 
  which includes 3 % dark depths , 2 % food griffin ( i.e. 
  food chain , which is what i meant when i said ` aluren ' , i have no idea why i said ` aluren ' ) , and 1 % aluren . 
  so as i said , it 's not 30-40 % unless you include the decks that i mentioned . 
  so more like 27 % real combo ( sns , ant , reanimator , elves ! , etc. 
  sorry for some reason i was under the impression that was what people were calling lists that were basically maverick-with-dark-depths , but looking more closely at those lists , they 're pretty combo-focused turbo depths decks .
