  sounds terrible . 
  resurrection spells are for bad games . 
  rpc is clearly wrong . 
  you want to get data and send data . 
  data is what matters . 
  data is forever . 
  ` do this ' and ` do that ' is almost never what you really want . 
  ssh kiddo . 
  if you die you should die . 
  it should mean something . 
  you should lose the gear you are wearing . 
  you should n't keep all your gear , suffer no penalty , and be resurrected on the spot . 
  that 's just stupid . 
   but nowadays unique class roles have been gotten rid of and everyone is just a damage dealer spamming potions . 
  how absolutely boring . 
  no death penalty is boring . 
  your data is ridiculous . 
  it 's patently absurd to assume that players = characters . 
  there are not 40 million eu wow players . 
  there never have been . 
  there never will be . 
  the number of active wow subscriptions in the west has never been more than a couple of million . 
  you 're replying to your own post . 
  have you never used any forum software ... ever ? 
  * unless you 're over the age of 65 *, 
  the subscriptions you 're talking about include china , where subscription counts were measured in a completely insane way that heavily inflated wow 's subscription count . 
  it still had more players than any other mmorpg , though . 
  it certainly did not have 12.5 m subscribers in the west , lol . 
  and there were not 10m active wow subscriptions in wod . 
  they have been losing subs at an enormous rate due to releasing content at a snail 's pace , and they stopped releasing the numbers when it became embarrassing for them . 
  what ? 
  steam 's numbers are not representative at all of an mmorpg 's player numbers . 
  of the mmorpgs on steam , some of them are only on steam , some are predominantly on steam , some are predominantly not on steam , and some are barely on steam at all . 
  what does that have to do with wow ? 
  wow is pay to win . 
  get over it . 
  none of them , all asian mmorpgs are terrible . 
   for a lot of algebra , in fact , a much more categorical approach is common . 
  it 'd make more sense to argue that analysis is a special case of set theory ; set theory was developed to be able to formulate just that special case . 
  even arguing that , though , does a disservice to both fields . 
  this is almost as / r/badmathematics . 
  the hard-on that some people have for category theory , i mean . 
  you can spend money to skip levelling . 
  that 's p2w . 
   listen . 
  you obviously are incapable of thinking any of this through even after having it spelled out for you . 
  i could say the same to you . 
  but i wo n't , because that would be rude . 
   so i will give you a pat on the head and tell you to take a statistics class . 
  i have a mathematics degree . 
  i 've done three university-level statistics courses . 
  i got an a + on all of them . 
   the entire point of the thread was to come up with additional sources . 
  wow , some people . 
  the steam sample sizes still have meaning , even when standing alone or being paired with other sources . 
  i 'm not saying they 're not useful . 
  i 'm saying that what you posted in your top level reply was very / r/iamverysmart . 
  the levelling experience in wow is * awful * . 
  there 's no challenge , no difficulty , no risk , no reward . 
  the lore is terrible compared to vanilla wow or wc3 as well . 
  what 's an anagram of banach-tarski ? 
  your / r/iamverysmart top-level comment was the reason for asking if you were 12 . 
  it 's the sort of thing a 12-year-old would say . 
  i stopped play wildstar after i realised its entire concept of ` difficulty ' was just moving around obstacles and coloured areas on the ground . 
  if i wanted to play a bullet storm sidescroller i 'd play one . 
  the idea that all geometrical objects are just collections of points is a relatively recent one . 
  i in fact did play to the level cap and did some dungeons and raids . 
  i was told it was ` difficult ' . 
  maybe for people that did n't grow up playing platformers ? 
   the first thing to note is that you should never do this . 
  it wo n't take long before the counter is displaying some number that takes more than the atoms in the observable universe to store , and that would be bad . 
  wow, 
  original release . 
  i was a mod of the / r/wildstar subreddit ( different account ) before release . 
  played on release . 
  got to max , played the dungeons , did n't really feel it was particularly difficult or interesting . 
  levelling was boring , characters were boring , art style was childish , endgame content was n't difficult in the way i find interesting : not tactical , not strategic , just action-platforming basically . 
  as i understand it , the idea that a particular line is * identified * with the set of points that fall within it is a * relatively * new idea , as in , from the last couple of hundred years . 
  before that ( again , as i understand it , i could be mistaken ) the general intuition was not about sets of points but about treating points an lines and areas and volumes as distinct but related fundamental objects in geometry . 
  a line was a thing , in and of itself . 
   it 's not that common to run 4 of anything in legacy apart from the marquee , hold everything together cards , such as brainstorm , deathrite shaman etc. 
  you have enough card manipulation that you do n't need 4 copies of your 3 mana beater . 
  that 's one point . 
  and delver and tarmogoyf and stoneforge mystic and lightning bolt and swords to plowshares and ponder and fetchlands and abrupt decay and fatal push and ... 
  ` uhm , no ' is about the rudest possible way to start a comment after ` fuck off kike ' . 
  runescape used to have this . 
  no stupid clan systems , no stupid clan chat , no clan banks , none of that shit . 
  it just annoys me that / r/programming ( and / r/haskell and other related subreddits and communities ) seem to be under the impression that category theory is ` modern mathematics ' and set theory is ` outdated old mathematics ' . 
  it does n't help that category theorists seem under no rush to tell them otherwise . 
  innistrad barely had a smaller print run . 
  innistrad was well into the modern , mainstream era of mtg. 
  that 's probably a better way of putting it . 
  what a meme, 
  shardless and czech pile are control decks . 
  there really needs to be a / r/badmagicthegatheringtheory, 
  some decks play chalice and 1-mana spells . 
  nonbos ! = complete incompatibility . 
  madcap experiment/platinum emperion + pithing needle is completely incompatible . 
  incremental card advantage is the very definition of control in magic , dude . 
  shardless bug is a control deck .
