  whether it 's a monarchy or a republic is completely separate . 
  also any public ownership of anything basically automatically makes you a socialist according to this . 
  nice americanism . 
  may i ask on what basis ? 
  skilled migrant ? 
  work visa ? 
  i use kiwibank . 
  what 's wrong with it ? 
  you log in , you see your transactions , you can set goals and quickly transfer money between accounts , you can pay people , set up automatic payments , direct debit authorities , etc. 
  you can save payees , you can apply for accounts online , etc. 
  they even have a system for categorising payments and budgeting and all that . 
  what more would you want ? 
  all of this is available through the kiwibank app , as far as i know . 
  because you can easily become a new zealand citizen without being a new zealander . 
  yes we can cut immigration to < 20k net non-nz . 
   we should n't be having any discussion at all because the australian government can do what it wants inside its borders . 
  i agree entirely . 
  they are n't violating human rights . 
  you continue to fail to understand . 
  we have had net nz migration lower than 25k for decades . 
   no you can not . 
  immigration levels are not something that 's easily predictable , because future forecasts with anything that is influenced by multiple variables and experience periods of low and high growth are not going to be as predictable as you think . 
  immigration levels are * set * by us . 
  we decide * precisely * how many people come to new zealand ( the government does , that is ) . 
  we do n't need to predict them , we decide them . 
   it 's not `` well established '' at all and your appeal to authority is n't going to work on me . 
  again , the government can decide precisely how many come to nz . 
  so yes , government policy absolutely decides immigration levels , no ifs , no buts . 
   no , but the average age of the population is . 
  and it is only going to get older . 
  i 've already explained to you why that 's not true . 
  why do you keep repeating things that have been explained to you to be false ? 
   that 's ... not how this works unfortunately . 
  that 's not how people discuss things . 
  you can not just waltz in here and say `` that 's not how this works '' and completely dismiss my argument . 
  that 's stupid . 
  if you have a problem with the argument , respond to the fucking argument . 
  show how it 's wrong . 
  or accept that it 's right . 
   it is . 
  you 're making the assumption that your children 's lives and capacity to learn would n't be better if they had the opportunity to learn another language . 
  i never said anything about learning other languages . 
  in fact , learning maori should be something every primary school child is required to do . 
  i think that learning new zealand sign language should be required as well . 
  people in almost every european country learn multiple languages . 
  they have time for it , why ca n't we have time for it ? 
  it 's shown to be good for education to learn multiple languages . 
   it also assumes that any foreign teacher that comes to new zealand wo n't know how to speak english . 
  well , no it does n't . 
  it assumes that teachers of new zealanders should learn to teach in nz , and should fluently speak english . 
  many people overseas might have the second , but lack the first . 
   i 've had multiple teachers from the united kingdom who taught me various things through childhood . 
  and yet i did n't grow up talking with a british accent or a scottish accent . 
  and that 's fine . 
  i do n't think there 's anything wrong with people that can fluently speak english . 
  but i wo n't have kids taught by people that can not fluently * fluently * speak english . 
   suggesting that you want your kids to have white new zealand born teachers so they can speak our bastardised and butchered `` dialect '' is one of the more stupid things i 've seen on this sub . 
  it 's incredibly ignorant to claim that nz english is a `` bastardised and butchered dialect '' . 
  in fact , it 's racist and ignorant to claim that . 
  that goes against the core foundation of linguistics . 
   two things . 
  one , new zealand is a multicultural society and we 're better off for it . 
  it gives is a whole different range of foods , cultures and other life experiences and view points to experience , engage and consume . 
  having restaurants and takeaways from foreign cultures does not make new zealand multicultural . 
  new zealand is a bicultural society . 
  our founding document is an agreement between two cultures , between the crown and many iwi . 
  there is no benefit from having ` other viewpoints and life experiences ' . 
  new zealand is more than diverse enough in life experiences and viewpoints without even including immigrants . 
  when you say it is n't , you 're painting all new zealanders into a corner , making the racist generalisation that all new zealanders are the same . 
  in fact , that combined with your comment about our accent makes me suspect you are a self-loathing new zealander or just a racist . 
   two , there is no new zealand european culture . 
  what we have as a country is claimed from the british because we have n't had time to develop one of our own . 
  what are you under the impression that culture * is * ? 
  our culture is the culture of our parents , but slightly different . 
  their culture is the culture of their parents , but slightly different . 
  cultures evolve over time . 
  do you think that a clock turns 200 and suddenly people magically acquire their own culture ? 
  new zealand 's culture will always be derived from maori culture and from english culture specifically and british and european culture more generally . 
  cultures evolve . 
  are you under the impression that american culture is some magical unique culture while ours is just british culture ? 
  have you met english people or scots people ? 
  they 're very very different from new zealanders . 
   so again , why should we reduce immigration to suit your xenophobic , ignorant and stupid idea of what makes this country great ? 
  we should reduce immigration for all the reasons i and others have explained throughout the thread :, 
  * it harms workers by increasing the supply of labour and thus lowering its price ( it depresses wages ), 
  * it harms the environment by increasing our population, 
  * it harms our values , by diluting them ( go ask any chinese person if they think that chinese culture is different from nz culture , they will absolutely say it is , and that it 's a ruthless culture . 
  go on , ask them . 
  ask someone that 's lived in china if they think that nz culture is fairer and kinder . 
  they will absolutely say yes ) . 
  * it does n't benefit us economically, 
   except you and dozens of other people who do n't like foreigners full stop . 
  when did i say i do n't like foreigners ? 
   auckland can not , because that 's where the migrants end up living . 
  and auckland is what is relevant , because as you say , it 's where they end up . 
   new zealand as a whole can and already does . 
  it has the infrastructure , the jobs and everything a potential immigrant could need to live here . 
  if new zealand had jobs for immigrants to do , we would n't have unemployment . 
   no you do n't . 
  stop giving me crocodile tears because you 've made it clear you do n't like foreigners at all because they 're not white or maori .
