  runescape used to be much more of a sandbox than it is today . 
  today it 's entirely a themepark . 
  back in the day , yeah there were quests , but that does n't make it a theme park . 
  the game was entirely player driven . 
  you could do whatever you liked . 
  runescape had a cult devoted to picking cabbages . 
  they accumulated millions of cabbages . 
  the bobs were fantastic . 
  it 's a great card in this sort of deck . 
  it would definitely change the dynamic of parliament . 
  list systems are horrifically unaccountable . 
  it would be fine , probably . 
  i do n't think it would be * fun * though . 
  you say that , but he often mentions that they were n't very profitable . 
  it certainly could be . 
  legacy is super healthy right now , and in flux . 
  drs being banned would be a terrible mistake . 
  decks are cropping up that deal with drs really well , like smallpox . 
  jace would probably hit $ 200 . 
  it was near that in standard and modern is bigger now than standard was then . 
  runescape was definitely a sandbox until 2006ish . 
  i 'm not talking about the community-voted shit they do now . 
  christ you people really will use whatever contorted logic you can come up with to justify your desire for wotc to underprint cardboard . 
  it 's literally just selling cards in a box . 
  later you sell more cards in the box . 
  that 's an expansion . 
  this is an incredible standard model that people have used for decades : sell a thing , sell expansions to the thing . 
  what does that have to do with it ? 
  oh yeah i 'm sure that vintage masters and eternal masters never existed and were just made up by me . 
   however , what would be nice would be a sticky with links to each announcement over the week , along with a 1 sentence description . 
  there 's already one here : / r/magictcg, 
  rtr is post m13 , which marked a drastic change in the way wotc designed sets for power level . 
  m13 took away bop , day of judgement and good cantrips , it took away good removal spells and it took away , in my opinion , good game design by doing so . 
  one card does n't change set . 
  what a stupid comment . 
  i totally disagree with the idea of changing the hall of fame like this . 
  it 's the pro tour hall of fame because it 's the greatest * players * ever to play the game . 
  it 's not about ` content creators ' ( one of the most soulless and lifeless terms ever to cross my lips ) , it 's about magic players . 
   on the other hand , a majority of magic fans do n't watch the magic pro tour or even follow the pro scene ( the last pro tour topped out at just over 40,000 viewers during the finals , while wizards says there are 20,000,000 magic players in the world , which means 0.2 % of magic players tuned in for what is essentially the super bowl of magic ) . 
  wotc do awful coverage . 
  a bunch of legacy players in australia stream their local 30-player tournament , and they do a better job , with better , higher resolution cameras . 
  they have an above camera , and two showing each player 's hand . 
  not that hard , wotc !, 
   instead of having other pro players vote , have a voting system that involves the general magic public ( which would be a fun event in and of itself and doubtlessly create a ton of conversation and hype ) combined with wizards and perhaps some sort of community committee chosen by wizards and designed specifically for this purpose . 
  people enshrined in the `` contributor '' part of the hall of fame would n't get pro tour invites or any other special benefits , apart from some sort of plaque / trophy and a paid trip to the pro tour ( as a non-player ) where they are being inducted , to take part in the ceremony . 
  i honestly ca n't imagine anything worse than a bunch of youtube video creators for magic being in the hall of fame . 
  i 'm not trying to take anything away from / u/professorstaff or / u/saffronolive . 
  i think their content is great . 
  but it 's not the same thing as being one of the greatest players of all time . 
  2011 is old now ? 
  the only thing i 'll say is that i disagree with mainboard abrupt decay given you have thalia . 
  abrupt decay is much less important now that counterbalance is n't a thing anyway . 
  you have enough big spells not to really have to worry about chalice as well . 
  sfm is n't really a 2-for-1 . 
  [ [ squire ] ] is barely half a card . 
   killing her with any 1 or 2 drop spell is great value for the person that cast her . 
  killing her with path to exile is so laughably bad it hurts to even consider . 
  i disagree . 
  pathing an sfm is fine . 
  she dies to * everything * . 
   she can get even better after sideboarding by switching one or two cards . 
  there 's no good utility equipment , so i disagree . 
   no 2 mana creature in modern comes even close to her power level . 
  tarmogoyf is better . 
   every ` fair ' deck would need to play her just to compete . 
  that 's just false . 
  people commonly play other modern-legal creatures instead , in legacy . 
  ( edit : fair decks that would n't play sfm : merfolk , death 's shadow , tron , jund , grixis control , etc. ), 
  did you actually watch the video ? 
  i decided to just put all the cards i like in a deck * . 
  so it 's uw standstill with rip/helm . 
  i play playsets of rip and energy field , which i have found to be really good against storm , grixis delver and reanimator , which are super common online . 
  i 'm also playing 1x helm of obedience , 1x engineered explosives and 1x relic of progenitus mainboard , with a playset of enlightened tutor for consistency . 
  and of course 4 brainstorm , 4 force , 2 jace , 2 supreme verdict , 4 swords to plowshares , 4 mishra 's factory , etc. 
  sideboard has a bunch of artifacts and enchantments . 
  pithing needle , ratchet bomb , seal of cleansing , detention sphere , back to basics , ensnaring bridge , etc. 
  it 's so much fun to play . 
  more fun playing legacy than i 've had in a long time , honestly . 
  i 'm still getting used to it , so i 've just been playing in the tournament practice lobby , but it seems to do okay . 
  the main issues is that my only mainboard countermagic is 4x force of will . 
  i have 3x flusterstorm in the sideboard , but it still feels a bit light against storm . 
  thankfully rip slows them down quite a bit , and rip/helm means i can kill quickly if i need to . 
  but i 'd like to add a couple of counterspell main . 
  possibly i 'll take out 2x energy field for 2x counterspell . 
  energy field is n't great on its own . 
  although it can be quite okay against reanimator . 
  ( * ) : without trying to make intuition/ak to work in legacy - no matter how much i want that to happen it just is n't going to happen . 
  it * is * a preorder though . 
  you are n't investing in anything . 
  people do n't invest in things to see the product existing . 
  they invest in them to get a material return . 
  someone being able to sell a product that i like is n't a material return . 
  kickstarter just is n't a good model for games . 
  it never has been . 
  the amount of money they produce just is n't anywhere near what it costs to make the sorts of games they want to make . 
   so if your striving to pull players from other games like wow/ffxiv/gw2, 
  then your game is * guaranteed * to be bad . 
  rubbish, 
  i fundamentally and totally disagree with this . 
  we do not need or want vr .
