  nothing would . 
  shortage of labour -  labour prices would increase . 
  this would create more jobs btw , as more jobs would be reasonable to pay people over minimum wage for . 
  it 's not a representative sample . 
  this has nothing to do with sample size , you mong . 
  that 's just a total myth . 
  we do not have low unemployment . 
  we have very high youth unemployment and an oversupply of labour due to unchecked immigration . 
  that 's just silly . 
  what ? 
  i 'm saying that it 's been established for centuries that 21 is the age of majority . 
   where are you getting your information from ? 
  my own experience as a human , instead of irrelevant data from another country . 
   this is in the us : a country within which some states have a very low minimum wage and non-existent employee protections . 
  it 's also a country that invest far more into automation than new zealand , further minimising employee costs . 
  and very low power costs , and very low rent costs , and very low transport costs . 
  that 's just ridiculous . 
  i meant only on beer and wine . 
  go away , nobody likes americans . 
  you can not ` choose ' the dole . 
  you are * required * to look for work . 
  the jobs are not available . 
  the training is not available . 
  and who the fuck would want to work for such a pittance anyway ? 
  stop importing so many useless immigrants and we might actually end up with high enough wages that people will * want * to work . 
   this mindset that you just die without getting a turn is even more frustrating than people laughing at the thought of investing 1000-1500 bucks into a deck ( as they open their third box of a standard set ) . 
  to be fair they 're totally likely to make the money back from the . . 
  no i ca n't even bring myself to finish that sentence . 
   it does provide 2 textareas for each , but it just merged the 2 in the resulting page . 
  it definitely does n't . 
  it displays the sideboard in a separate section . 
  maybe you sorted by something else ? 
  magic is primarily a social experience for most players . 
  mtgo is abysmally bad software . 
  xmage is higher quality and is made by volunteers . 
  i have paper cards . 
  i play magic in paper . 
  i want to * test * online , not play shitty tournaments with awful software . 
  wtf . 
  that 's very , very odd . 
   low tax, 
  i think you mean ` public services only for the rich ' . 
   small government, 
  i think you mean ` only enough government to support the rich ' . 
   increased rights for the individual, 
  i think you mean ` increased rights for the rich ' . 
  nice straw man argument, 
  $ 25 is insanely cheap though . 
  you can buy wow tokens . 
  the game had fewer features then . 
  planeswalkers have a gender . 
  no by that standard it should have been $ 10 and gone up in price by $ 5 every expansion release . 
  still pay to win . 
  i did n't say ` retarded characters in the stupid story nobody cares about have a gender ' . 
  planeswalkers , cards with the card type ` planeswalker ' , have a gender . 
  they 've always done this for planeswalkers . 
  no , we do know that . 
  they 've said it . 
  there are * zero * isometric sandbox mmorpgs . 
  britain did n't colonise india . 
  it 's just a fact . 
  if britain had colonised india , the vast majority of its population would be of british descent . 
  okay you just do n't understand what colonisation is then . 
  that 's okay . 
   ( the last few sets as a whole have been better and this problem is mostly gone ), 
  no it is n't . 
  and it wo n't be gone until actual cards that are worth putting in decks are printed . 
  they do n't have to be reprints !, 
  yeah we 'd all love path to exile and doom blade , but they do n't have to be those cards . 
  wotc can print new broad answers . 
  wotc can print another white { w } effect . 
  e.g. , '' { w } , as additional cost to cast , sacrifice a land , exile target creature . '', 
  you have n't actually answered the question though . 
  i personally found they used to be amazing and now they are just great . 
  they are n't amazing , but they 're still great . 
  double sleeving used to be effortless , now i have to push the card into the sleeve with my finger going down inside the outer sleeve . 
  but if i do that , it works . 
  trivially easily . 
  so are you doing that ? 
  lol imagine being so stupid that you do n't know what colonisation is . 
  oh wait you do n't have to imagine . 
  haha fuck off kid, 
  sweet as, 
  oh come on . 
  a simple google search for ` activated ability ' would give far more information than is in this thread . 
  core set is not a new player set . 
  they 've said this before : it never worked that way . 
  players play the current set . 
  that 's no excuse . 
  i think you 'd be hard-pressed to find a mythic-era standard set where half the mythics were as good as char , frankly . 
  it 's a great card . 
  have you controlled it since the start of your turn ? 
  if so , it does n't have summoning sickness . 
  if not , it does . 
  if you like winning and consistency , play . 
  if you are literally bryant cook , play tes ( he 's the only person that can win anything with it ) . 
  well it factually wo n't be for new players . 
  it might be designed to be . 
  but it definitely wo n't change what has always happened : people will draft the new set and build standard decks . 
  yes they are .
