   income tax and gst are two independent taxes . 
  and ? 
  i 'm not talking about income tax . 
  i 'm talking about gst . 
   we are talking strictly and only about gst ie how much income you have is not being looked at . 
  i am using income as a measure of capacity to pay tax . 
  if you earn more income then you are able to pay more tax , and yet those who earn less pay more gst , relatively , than those that earn more . 
   gst alone is neither regressive nor progressive . 
  it is mathematically impossible for it to be either , that 's just how a flat rate works . 
  again , not talking about gst alone , but about gst 's effect on actual people . 
  just require vaccinations . 
  `` no benefits '' ? 
  fuck that . 
  jail . 
  do they think it 's the chickenpox vaccine or something ? 
  have they seen photos of people with smallpox ? 
  it 's not hard people !, 
  not that i have a problem with it , to be clear . 
  it needs to be called something . 
  i still call paris ` paris ' and not < french-accent  ` paris ' < / french-accent  . 
  that 's blatant bullshit . 
  labour has never been right-wing . 
  yeah and my pronunciation is closer to the ` real ' pronunciation than the maori accent for english is to the nz accent ... 
   i have provided a basis . 
  i need a car in order to earn income so i can pay taxes . 
  there is no reason why i should not be able to deduct all expenses related to earning that income like a business does . 
  no , you do n't need a car . 
  you choose to have a car . 
  you could get to work any way to choose . 
  you could live near work and walk or bike , you could take public transport , you could live further away and drive . 
  again , you have n't explained why transport to work would be tax deductible when you are n't paid for driving to work ... 
   sure it is . 
  if i hire a plumber he charges me for driving to my place for example . 
  that does n't mean * you * are working when you drive to work . 
  the plumber is working when he drives to your house , you are not working when you drive to your office . 
  again , are you paid when you are driving to work ? 
  no , so it 's not working . 
   work asks me for my home address and will not give me a job unless i have a home address so therefore it has something to do with my work . 
  that does n't make it part of your work . 
  you do n't work there . 
  this is n't a debate . 
  i 'm educating you . 
   straw man . 
  i want to deduct this from my income for tax purposes . 
  i am not asking my work to pay for it . 
  the reason you want to deduct this from your income for tax purposes is that you do n't understand what is tax deductible . 
  you do n't get to deduct all your expenses in life , you only get to deduct * real business expenses * . 
  if you use your home as an office , then the power you use while using it as an office is a business expense . 
  your business renting a room from yourself at market rates is a tax-deductible business expense . 
  having a house is not a business expense . 
  and the fact your business does n't pay you to have a house is actually very important , because it indicates that you are n't working when you are at home . 
  if you were working from home , it * would * be a workplace and you could at least partially deduct the expenses from your taxes . 
   they should especially if they have a dress code . 
  why should they be able to dictate what i wear and have me pay for those clothes ? 
  employers have to provide their employees with * safety gear * , but certainly do n't have to provide you with business casual attire . 
  you are expected to own such clothing already . 
  that 's part of being a functioning adult . 
  if you wore a uniform for work that was n't just normal business casual attire , and it was n't a professional uniform ( like a wig and gown for a lawyer ) but a workplace-specific uniform , that would also be your employer 's responsibility entirely . 
  but you do n't . 
  you 're just wearing your own clothes , which have to be of a presentable professional standard . 
  that is n't a business expense for you , it 's part and parcel of being a functioning human being to have clothing . 
   business expenses should not be tax deductible because they are the business spending . 
  how many times do i need to explain this ? 
  a business expense is not an expense incurred by ' a business ' , it is an expense incurred * for the purpose of generating income * . 
  business expenses are tax deductible because they are for the purpose of generating income . 
  buying clothing is not tax deductible , because it is not for the purpose of generating income . 
  it 's * personal * spending . 
   it 's a tax on revenue . 
  businesses do n't get taxed on their revenue and i should not be either . 
  income tax is , as you can tell from the name , a tax on income . 
  you are taxed only on your income . 
  ` businesses ' are n't taxed on revenue or income , because ` businesses ' do n't exist . 
  companies are taxed on their * income * , individuals are taxed on their * income * , everyone is taxed on their * income * . 
  almost all expenses incurred by for-profit companies are for the purpose of generating income , so almost all of them can be tax-deducted . 
  most people spend very little if any personal income for business reasons , so they ca n't deduct their spending from their income . 
  but if you do , you can . 
  again , you seem to be really confused about this . 
  rogernomics had flaws but unless you 'd like us to have car-free days how about you fuck off ? 
  national is still way too far right to be reasonable for anyone earning under $ 200k/yr to vote for . 
  who cares ? 
  fuck them . 
  fuck businesses . 
  fuck corporate greed ruining the web . 
  it makes sense though , because schools cost more in the first couple of years . 
   even if national had begun re-opening schools the second they came into power , using the land from closed schools and refurbishing the buildings to modern standards , given the state of construction in new zealand , i would be surprised if those schools were even re-opened after a decade . 
  that 's moronic and facile . 
  it does n't just take less than a decade to open a school , it takes a couple of years at most . 
  they could have built new schools by the end of their first term if they wanted to . 
   what do labour have to do before the left in new zealand holds them responsible for their actions ? 
  being in government some time in the last 5 years would be a start . 
   to this end they have fought directly against performance standards , the result of which is that a teacher 's ability to teach is irrelevant to their ability to find employment . 
  because those so-called standards do n't actually measure teaching ability . 
  nobody knows how to measure teaching ability , anywhere . 
  then hire new zealanders !, 
  you do n't need to hire people from overseas . 
  then they will either raise their wages or go out of business . 
  also lots of locals work in cafes . 
  why would n't they ? 
  working in a cafe is a great job for a student . 
   if those point were n't cringey enough , is the `` there should n't be in business '' opinions .
