  mmorpgs are n't just ` massive ' morpgs . 
  they 're * massively multiplayer * . 
  there are * massively * many players . 
   bullshit , instant max level passes say otherwise, 
  those do n't exist in mmorpgs . 
  this is , frankly , just stupid . 
  if * all * political parties made it a priority , it would n't be an election issue . 
  we would just do it . 
  you know how all political parties think that nz having enough electricity is a top priority ? 
  that 's why nobody is talking about it . 
   screw ip addresses - public keys all the way, 
  this makes no sense . 
  ip addresses are good precisely because they are routable . 
   in practice, 
  classic ' i only make web apps therefore everyone only makes web apps ' . 
  that 's a terrible argument . 
  the meta has worked its way out . 
  drs is oppressive , warping and homogenising . 
  yes it does . 
  subscription . 
  just a subscription is more than enough to pay for a game 's costs and updates . 
  no , it 's not a lot . 
  it 's very little money . 
  it was very little money over a decade ago and it 's certainly very little money now . 
  i do n't come from the usa you assumption-making dick . 
  and ? 
  anyone that actually understands english . 
  wow is n't an mmo . 
  no , there are n't . 
  the demographics of mmorpg players are the same as they 've always been . 
  the demographics of mmorpg players are the same as they 've always been . 
  no , they are n't . 
  drs is an issue . 
  mmorpgs by definition require open worlds . 
  the model you prefer is bad . 
  it 's bad for devs , bad for games , bad for players , bad for everyone . 
  mmorpgs are n't defined by the expansion of their abbreviation . 
  that 's just not how words work . 
  even if it were , it 's not ` massive multiplayer online role playing game ' . 
  it 's * massively multiplayer * online role playing game . 
  the difference is important . 
  mmorpgs are , by definition , * massively multiplayer * . 
  they require * hundreds or thousands of players interacting in the same place * . 
  that is , by definition , an open world . 
  yet still , mmorpgs are n't just ` games that can be described as rpgs with massively multiplayer online functionality ' . 
  they 're a genre . 
  fps does n't refer to literally every game with first person and a gun . 
  rpg does n't mean every game where you play a role . 
  rts does n't mean every game that has strategy and is real-time . 
  moba does n't mean every multiplayer arena . 
  if a game actually has fun gameplay , then it 's farming . 
  if it does n't , then it 's grinding . 
  mmorpgs are already dead as a genre . 
  no , because mmorpgs are dead as a genre . 
  too many retards like the top commenter that thinks the genre should be focused around his work schedule . 
  no , you can not . 
  lengthy travel times are part of what makes the genre good when it is good . 
  they 're not a ` time gate ' . 
  is n't fun * for you * . 
  it is fun for us . 
  so go play wow , kid . 
   the way wow is designed and many other mmos basically ensures zones are dead since it 's end game focused . 
  that 's because wow is a fucking terrible game . 
   only one mmo i know that pulls this off is gw2 . 
  everyone other themepark-ish mmo ends up the same . 
  early game zones are all ghost towns and anyone that was n't part of the community when it launched is leveling alone or with a tiny minority . 
  which is where lfg tools come in to solve that low early game population . 
  theme parks suck dick . 
  websites with guides have existed for longer than mmorpgs have . 
  websites with guides have existed for longer than mmorpgs have . 
  osrs lost its magic of adventure and vastness because :, 
  you already know it, 
  they 've continually added shitty ` quality of life ' mechanics , making the game easier and easier and more boring and gamey . 
  this guy is just completely wrong . 
  brainstorm , ponder and preordain are not ` badly designed cards ' . 
  getting rid of delver is insane . 
  delver strategies are very weak to decks like lands and maverick . 
  well , they used to be , but now they all play drs and mana denial is terrible against drs. 
  ban drs , and those decks go back to being bad against fair decks . 
   even without d&t and lands , legacy has more combo than vintage . 
  as long as combo lives and thrives in legacy , i would n't worry about a fair deck vs sphere deck format like vintage . 
  but it 's not a fair deck vs. sphere deck format . 
  it 's a cantrip deck vs. chalice/sphere deck format . 
   i agree that more fair decks w/o cantrips would be an improvement , and that these decks could use some help . 
  but i do n't see the problem with cotv being a fair deck staple . 
  merfolk , affinity , tezz , and aggro loam run cotv , but they are totally different from stompy decks like eldrazi or moon ; and different from each other . 
  they have as much character and uniqueness as goblins , maverick , or jund . 
  i think we can have a meta where all the fair decks are running either fow or cotv , and still have a richly diverse format . 
  i do see it being a problem , because it cuts out fun cards and is incredibly uninteractive . 
  i want to play fair decks with swords to plowshares and green sun 's zenith and mother of runes and mana dorks . 
  that 's why chalice should n't exist : because you should be able to play a deck consisting of mostly 1-mana spells in legacy . 
   best strategy ( turbo xerox ), 
  no , best strategy ( deathrite shaman ) . 
   but the brainstorm decks have gotten so much better since 2010 that those archetypes ca n't keep up without playing lock pieces . 
  think about it logically : how do you fight decks that you used to fight with kotr -  double wasteland on turn 3 , now that drs exists ? 
  the answer is , of course , that you play chalice of the void . 
  why do you hate 1-drops ? 
  why does everyone fucking hate 1-drops ? 
  wotc hates 1-drops so much they 've basically stopped printing them . 
  nobody wants to get rid of unfair strategies .
