  at least 2000 . 
  any instancing or phasing makes it not an mmorpg . 
  that 's because those sites give every aaa game a 9 + rating . 
   getting rid of spells/abilities that are no longer relevant is n't dumbing the game down . 
  yes it is . 
   the general rule of thumb is that if a card is too good for modern , it 's too good for standard, 
  counterspell is n't too good for modern , so that does n't make any sense . 
  and even if it were , that would n't make it too good for standard . 
   counterspell would warp standard , and any standard that could support it would irrevocably scar modern . 
  counterspell would not warp standard . 
   you say that the only power creep in magic is power creep in creatures , and cite siege rhino as an example . 
  need i remind you that [ [ dig through time ] ] and [ [ treasure cruise ] ] were in the very same set , and both those cards were good enough to be restricted in vintage and banned in legacy and modern ? 
  they were development blunders . 
  the power level of a set is * intentional * . 
  power creep is * intentional * . 
  accidentally making cards that are too good in formats with lots of cheap spells that fill up the graveyard is not high power level . 
  it is not power creep . 
   now , i do see your point . 
  cards like the titan cycle ( which was actually in standard at the same time as bolt ) could stand to be a little less pushed . 
  but siege rhino ? 
  thought-knot ? 
  these cards are good and very powerful , but are they any more dangerous than non-creatures like gideon , ally of zendikar ? 
  gideon , ally of zendikar might not have the type ` creature ' , but it 's absolutely in the same vein of cards . 
  it 's all about the board , all about combat , all about wotc pushing rares and mythics and threats and powering down commons and uncommons and answers . 
  gideon is a good example of a card that is n't a creature , but is made powerful for exactly the same reason they are power creeping creatures . 
  siege rhino is an obnoxiously powerful card . 
  instead of being more reasonable in the creatures they print to avoid power creep , they said ` fuck you ' and banned pod on the pretence that it would get even more powerful in the future as they continued to power creep creatures . 
  and imagine it now !, 
  turn 3 pod , turn 4 gurmag angler -  elesh norn ? 
  seems fair . 
   magic is , and has always been , a game where most battles are concluded by creatures dealing damage . 
  good creatures have always existed ( see : [ [ mother of runes ] ] ) , and many of the most feared cards in the game are only infamous because of the presence of certain creatures . 
  invigorate would n't be scary if glistener elf did n't exist . 
  mother of runes is a good creature , but it 's not the same sort of good creature . 
  it 's a utility creature . 
  and they 're powering down utility creatures . 
  on board tricks ? 
  ` too complex ' . 
  ` too swingy ' . 
  wotc is making aggro creatures worse and utility creatures worse , because they do n't make exciting mythics . 
  and they 're making mythics as powerful as possible to increase the number of packs that have to be opened for standard players . 
   you 're right ; we need answers in standard . 
  but there 's a balance between the anguished unmaking of today , and the vindicate of yesterday . 
  and the difference is that vindicate is fun and powerful , while still being balanced . 
  anguished unmaking is just garbage . 
   printing cards that wotc considers developmental concerns wo n't fix the problem . 
  that 's precisely what will fix the problem . 
   they 'll just make the pendulum swing to the other side , until everyone is playing the slowest , grindiest control they can , because those are the unequivocally best cards in the format . 
  that has never happened in the past and wo n't happen today . 
  creatures are ** way ** stronger than they used to be . 
  there 's no reason for answers to get worse . 
  really strong answers and weak threats ? 
  not fun . 
  really strong answers and really strong threats ? 
  fun . 
  really strong threats and weak answers ? 
  * also not fun * . 
  no it is n't . 
  do you have any idea how game design works ? 
  ... are you joking ? 
  it does mean your point is wrong . 
  maro has said countless times that sylvan library is * not * a good example of green card draw , and that they started to give green more card draw quite late ( harmonize , for example ) . 
  it was paraphrasing . 
  it 's still what he said . 
   so you think the game should never remove spells and keep adding them indefinitely ? 
  yes , obviously . 
  there are loads of ways to counterplay overrun . 
  cool story, 
  the original ffxiv deserved more like a 1/10 . 
  it was virtually unplayable garbage . 
  rating inflation in gaming is insane . 
   and it 's certainly better to sell cosmetics for money than selling things that make the game p2w . 
  and better than either is to not sell either . 
   so long as a company can profit from cosmetics , it keeps the risk of `` pay-to-win '' elements at bay . 
  no it does n't . 
  if they think they can make more money by selling pay to win items , they will do it . 
  it does n't matter whether they * need * to do so , they will if it makes them more money . 
  this is how things work with aaa games . 
  publishers have no qualms whatsoever . 
   it 's because supporting a game purely on cosmetics is incredibly difficult . 
  no it is n't . 
  lots of games do it . 
   but the other problem is people see anything useful being sold in a cash shop , and they scream `` p2w ! '', 
  and run the other direction . 
  not enough people, 
   luckily for the genre though , those represent a very small percentage of the players and generally ones that do n't want to spend money on games to begin with , so that mitigates a lot of the impact . 
  actually , we 're the people that would be happy to pay a subscription fee . 
  oh and i suppose magic the gathering looks like ` unpolished garbage with no balance direction ' , does it ? 
  hearthstone does too , i suppose ? 
  of course not . 
   i suppose if they hyper inflated everyone 's spellbook with 20 inferior versions of every spell it would make it the deepest mmo to ever exist , in your eyes ? 
  having a huge range of options that all do different things and interact in interesting ways is what gives games depth , yes . 
  runescape has a single respawn spot : lumbridge . 
  for most players , and all f2p players , if you die , you respawn in lumbridge . 
  it 's also the starting area , after tutorial island at least . 
  you respawn with all but your 3 most valuable items . 
  there 's a mid-level members-only quest that lets you set your respawn point to falador castle instead of lumbridge castle , but most people do n't seem to use it . 
  dying in an mmorpg should be a real penalty . 
  you should lose everything in your inventory and that you are wearing , or nearly everything . 
   can death in a mmorpg also be a option !?
