   are you leasing the toyota from a dealership ? 
  if so , the dealership owns the toyota , and you would be essentially renting the toyota from the dealership for a specified time . 
  when the lease runs out , the dealership , as the owner , takes back the toyota . 
  ( this is the situation that resembles a customer 's relationship with blizzard with wow ) . 
  if you are leasing , yes , whoever you are leasing from owns the car and you are just paying them for the right to use it . 
  that 's * not * at all the customer relationship with blizzard with wow . 
  you are n't legally leasing anything . 
   if you look on the back of the wow box , it 'll say that you have entered into a license with blizzard when you begin using the world of warcraft software . 
  so yes , if you 've ever done that , you 've entered a license . 
  companies can put whatever they want on their boxes . 
  shrinkwrap agreements are not actually very enforceable , especially outside the united states . 
   you 'll also notice that it says all rights reserved on the back of the box . 
  this means that blizzard has not transferred you any ownership rights . 
  thus , you do n't own wow or any of its software . 
  again , that has nothing to do with anything . 
  ` all rights reserved ' is about copyright . 
  copyright does n't prevent me from doing anything but copying and redistributing copies . 
  any book you buy will have ` all rights reserved ' on it as well . 
  i can still do whatever i like with it , other than copying it of course . 
  i can definitely resell it , burn it , eat it , lease it to others . 
  i can do whatever i want with it . 
  it 's my book . 
  that does n't mean i own harry potter . 
  but i do own * my copy of harry potter * . 
  the same applies to wow . 
  i do n't own ` world of warcraft ' as a concept . 
  but i do own my copy , and i can do whatever i want with it , other than copying and redistributing copies , or modifying it and redistributing modified copies . 
   consumer protection laws do n't have anything to do with how ownership of property operates . 
  yes they do . 
  the sale of goods act absolutely has a lot to do with how transfer of ownership works . 
   also , consumer guarantees do not apply to buying products or services privately , even in new zealand . 
  nobody is buying products or services privately in any of these discussions , friend . 
  you 're talking about twenty20 . 
  we 're talking about cricket . 
  i do n't know where you 're watching cricket , but in new zealand on sky sport there definitely are not ads every over or sponsored commentary . 
  although when i think about it , when we have games against australia and we get their stream and their commentary , they do have some of that stuff ( more the latter than the former , though ) . 
  the crown must consent to be sued , though . 
  the line of succession does n't have ` skips ' . 
  no , she can not . 
  she can not be prosecuted . 
  that would involve her majesty prosecuting herself . 
  absurd . 
   it 's estimated that her death ( when it happens ) is going to cost the world over # 6bn , between the redesign and reissue of currency , stamps and other items across the commonwealth, 
  but it 's going to happen inevitably . 
  it 's not like it will cost that much more if ( heaven forbid ) she were assassinated . 
  the president is n't really the commander-in-chief . 
  it 's purely ceremonial . 
  i do n't think you understand this concept at all . 
  do you think that i have some sort of special rights over harry potter as a franchise just because i * own * a copy of the harry potter books ? 
  no , of course not . 
  so why do you think that me saying that i * own * a copy of world of warcraft 's client means i 'm implying i have some sort of special ownership rights ? 
   what was sold to you was a disc . 
  what was sold to me was a software product , which i now own . 
  nobody is claiming that this gives us the right to upload the client to torrent sites , or to decompile it and use it as a basis for another commercial game , or anything like that . 
  it does give me the right to use it however i want for my own personal use , just like i 'm allowed to use my harry potter books that i own for whatever i want for my own personal use . 
  do you understand ? 
  from the perspective of pvp players , it feels like until a couple of years ago , ** everything ** that came out was just a raiding wow clone . 
  guess what ? 
  those games * sucked * . 
  that 's completely ridiculous and absurd . 
   my guess is blizzard got their legal team involved . 
  as they have every right to . 
  despite all the sanctimonious moral grandstanding , both nost and elysium have infringed on blizzard 's intellectual property rights , and that 's an objective fact . 
  no , it 's not fucking objective fact . 
  you do n't know what objective fact is . 
  nostalrius core is not based , in any way shape or form , on anything that blizzard owns . 
  it was entirely independently created . 
  yeah they did . 
  the only people acting immorally are the people telling other people they ca n't play the game they legally own . 
  well the nost views on using it are irrelevant . 
  it 's open source . 
  how does it feel not knowing what a pirate is ? 
   none of that matters , the point is you think you can justify to yourself that you deserve something that is n't yours . 
  of course it 's his . 
  it 's also mine . 
  i fucking bought vanilla wow , bitch . 
   i think what the the stance is trying to say is that a majority of the people who are playing on eslyium/nost servers are doing so because they do n't want to purchase the game/pay the sub for a real wow . 
  and what is wrong with that ? 
  i bought vanilla wow . 
  i paid for the subscription . 
  i downloaded the updates . 
  i paid for those developments . 
  and guess what ? 
  i do n't want to access blizzard 's servers . 
  i do n't want to continue to get new updates . 
  so why would i pay a subscription fee to them ? 
  i paid for the game , i paid for the updates as they came out , why would i want to keep paying a subscription fee to play nost ? 
   i think the best thing blizzard can do is release a free version of wow that is basically vanilla . 
  then you can upgrade once you get to 60 . 
  this unlocks a lot of cosmetic things for the vanilla players if you purchase/sub . 
  for example , special skins , mounts , emotes , perhaps housing , etc. 
  everything you 'd find in cash shops that do n't have an impact on the game . 
  oh yeah , great fucking idea . 
  release vanilla , and then completely fuck it up so that it 's not vanilla . 
  the idea that progression for combat should be in some way its own thing , separate from progression in general , is stupid . 
  the us president has little real power , especially in terms of law change . 
  the idea that us presidents campaign on things like changing healthcare policy is absurd . 
  so you * do n't * know the difference between a client and a server then ? 
  good , you should go find out the difference . 
   you are n't serious right ?
