  in almost all cases , when a private server gets a c&d letter , they ignore it . 
  maybe if games wanted you to feel like you were ` closer to aragorn than to shire villager # 7 ' they should actually have a few shire villagers around for comparison instead of about 3 npcs in every so-called `` village '' and 10 npcs in every so-called `` city '' , all of whom stand completely still . 
  why would you need a refund ? 
  you have n't bought the game , right ? 
  you 've just preordered it . 
  cancel your preorder . 
  so , as i literally just said , they * asked * them to close down ( through a cease and desist letter ) , and nostalrius complied . 
  the reality is that blizzard was never going to sue them . 
  that 's not how cease and desist letters work . 
  private servers making no money do n't get sued . 
  rubbish . 
  you live in a left-wing echo chamber if you think general american sentiment is that prisons need serious reform . 
   former corrections officer, 
  no surprise you 're in an echo chamber then . 
  firstly , you 'd be a fool to take everything that nostalrius says at face value . 
  secondly , that 's simply them not understanding how a cease and desist letter works . 
  i repeat : if blizzard planned to sue them , they would do so whether or not nostalrius shut down . 
  shutting down does n't make you immune to lawsuits . 
  it 's simply not worth it to blizzard to spend money suing nostalrius , up or down . 
  lawsuits are very expensive . 
  yes i do . 
  i bought it . 
  it 's a product . 
  look , it 's not my fault that you 're a gullible idiot that thinks that click-through eulas constitute legally binding contracts that overrule consumer rights enshrined in law . 
  but they do not . 
  uh , yes it does . 
  if you buy something , you then own it . 
  that 's how language works . 
  i do n't care about eq2 . 
  everything he said was in the context of us law . 
   no it 's not . 
  those mmos ca n't compare to wow in terms of population , popularity , etc. 
  who said they could ? 
   until wow is nearly dead when the legacy servers launch , you wo n't see anything similar to other mmos with legacy servers . 
  there are more old wow players that left than there are current players by two orders of magnitude . 
  that 's false . 
  when you buy a product , the entire product is yours . 
  you can do what you like with it . 
  you ca n't ` buy the right to use it ' . 
  it 's a product , in a store . 
  it 's purchased . 
  it 's a * good * . 
  look , it 's not my fault that you 're a gullible idiot that thinks that click-through eulas constitute legally binding contracts that overrule consumer rights enshrined in law . 
  but they do not . 
  they 're all the same thing unless you 're mentally ill . 
   `` a sizable percentage of consumers '' have no clue about what they 're really purchasing when they `` buy '' digital content . '', 
  american drivel . 
   `` you bought it , you own it , right ? 
  not always ... most people have no idea that all they bought was a license . '', 
  american drivel . 
   `` we 've discussed many times before how , in the digital age , you no longer really seem to own what you 've ` bought ' . '', 
  american drivel . 
  he 's an american , on an american website . 
  hey look , you keep on talking about eternally irrelevant american law . 
  nobody cares about us law on this matter . 
  again , not relevant . 
  i 'm not talking about uk law . 
  yet he 's still talking about us law in a us context . 
  there 's no evidence that 32k of them are using osbuddy . 
  no , i bought a software product . 
  that entitles me to the software product . 
  no , you would not . 
  it deserves , has always deserved , and will always deserve , ** nothing ** . 
  it has gameplay that requires you to concentrate while still being boring and easy . 
  it has an art style that might be okay in a flash game for kids but is incredible inappropriate for adults . 
  it 's got about 5 people playing it . 
  it tries to be funny , and completely fails . 
  nothing about it , or for that matter any mmorpg ever , is funny . 
  it 's a terrible game . 
   shitty old mechanics would be tweak 'd, 
  if we wanted what blizzard considers to be ` good tweaks ' to content , we 'd play legion . 
  that 's a great analogy . 
  if you buy bullets , you can use them in any compatible gun . 
  if you buy a gun , you can use any compatible bullets . 
  anyone can make a gun for your bullets . 
  anyone can make bullets for your gun . 
  you are n't forced to buy bullets from the same person that made the gun . 
  what a load of codswallop . 
  runescape does n't have ` patches ' . 
  it has updates . 
  it annoys me greatly when people use generic slang in a game that uses very specific terminology . 
  it 's like people that say things like ` pvp ' and ` pve ' in runescape . 
  they 're called pking and pvm . 
   you rent an apartment . 
  they give you a key to access it . 
  you did not buy a key , and you are n't entitled to use that key after you stop paying rent . 
  nobody is renting anything . 
  you are n't renting wow . 
  it has a box price . 
  a fee . 
  to buy it . 
  it is a product . 
  that is the law . 
   yet you referenced the sales of goods act ... 
  there are lots of sales of goods acts all over the world . 
  i 'm not going to tell you where i live , though . 
   if you were talking about a different law , please let me know which law you are talking about , so that i can properly refute you . 
  you have n't refuted anything i 've said . 
   am i the only one who, 
  never .
