  fuck off we 're full, 
  that was before the country turned to shit, 
   i also think a lot of misery is brought about by lack of opportunity for maori , in many ways our system does not seem suited to our indigenous population and their inability to fit into it means that they account for a highly disproportionate amount of the people incarcerated in this country, 
  that 's just racist . 
  it 's not something inherent to maori , no matter how much the maori party claims that we need to treat them like special snowflakes . 
  it 's a socioeconomic issue . 
  the country is awful for anyone that is poor no matter their skin colour . 
  new zealand is not a racist country for anyone . 
   the notion expressed by some members of the dominant culture that `` we are all equal individuals '' and `` ca n't we just get on with it and live together '' leads to divisive things, 
  no , it does n't . 
  that makes absolutely no sense . 
  saying ` we should all just get along ' is the opposite of divisive . 
   the backlash against former mayor of taranaki , andrew judd . 
  the backlash against racist moron andrew judd who thought that racist , separatist seats for maori when they have the same right to vote as anyone else and chose not to use it , were a good idea . 
   i 'm not saying that these people are n't warm-hearted and well meaning - but their outspoken ignorance can be actively harmful to race relations . 
  it can be actively harmful to ` race relations ' if you think ` race relations ' means giving maori as many special privileges as possible . 
  it 's just rubbish . 
  he does n't do that sort of thing because he wants to ` boost public confidence ' or some shit . 
  he does that sort of thing because it creates a barrier between the people that listen to him and those that do n't . 
  it 's an old tactic , where you say things that are at odds with what the mainstream are saying and in doing so you create this illusion amongst those that listen to you that the world is really totally fine and okay and ` they ' are just lying to you . 
  the purpose of this , of course , was to build a more stable base and to support the national party . 
  that simply does n't make sense . 
  what about warning people about fucking tsunamis ? 
   its essentially a symbolic move from the ausa, 
  it 's a * suggestion * from * a member * . 
   the ranking is totally blind to the morality of their actions and effectiveness of their policies , except where those things have inadvertently made them look particularly cool or lame . 
  then literally the first person on the list is, 
  william fox , 1856 , 1861-1862 , 1869-1872 , 1873, 
  confiscated nearly three million acres of m\u0101ori land then blamed them for starting the wars , which is a real dick move . 
  fox cemented his place as the lamest leader in new zealand history by going on to become a strident campaigner for prohibition . 
  which sounds like morality ( or rather , immorality ) of the actions being the deciding factor ... 
  william massey , 1912-1925, 
  basically a white supremacist . 
  would turn in his grave if he saw all the dirty foreigners soiling the anglo-saxon purity of massey university . 
  hmm yep , definitely no morality here, 
  plus helen clark ( possibly the least cool person on the planet ) is at number 2 ? 
  what ? 
  where do they get this yet ? 
  geoffrey palmer is objectively the coolest prime minister . 
  plus this website is shit . 
  every time i scroll up or down bits of the page move around . 
  what a load of worthless garbage . 
  i hate to act incredulously , but i actually can not believe what you 're saying . 
  you 're genuinely , really going to claim that software developers in new zealand do n't earn much less than the same jobs overseas ? 
  75k nzd is half what a graduate can earn right out of university in the us without even being particularly good . 
  and that 's an insanely good salary for a new graduate in nz . 
  most would get 55-60k at the best . 
   british indians or british muslim, 
  i know some british indians that are essentially english people with different coloured skin . 
  nothing about them except the way they look actually indicates that they 're of indian heritage . 
  i have no problem with them . 
  i would have a problem with us importing british people that are n't even really well-integrated into britain , let alone into another culture . 
  these people exist . 
  just stop trying to turn everything into ` racism ' . 
   not everything in it is dev . 
  i 'm not talking specifically dev . 
  i do n't run a dev company . 
  the same is true across all of it , just at different scales and to different extents . 
  the same thing is true in general , though : pay here is worse than overseas , so graduates leave , and then the sectors goes ` oh we ca n't find enough people , it 's a skills shortage , hire some indians ! ' . 
   if they can get that money overseas , then go get that money . 
  that 's always been the case . 
  you should go and read the horror stories of these places hiring young devs , like you said , not even that good . 
  what rubbish are you talking about ? 
  i 'm not complaining about my own wages . 
  i 'm complaining about rampant unnecessary immigration for false skills shortages . 
  more people with a good cultural fit and reliable , legitimate qualifications filling genuine skills shortages . 
  * fewer * ( not less ) people with poor cultural fit and dodgy qualifications filling fake it skills shortages . 
  how difficult is it to understand this basic shit , dude ? 
  putting a * royalty * on water use encourages it to be used efficiently , which reduces the extent to which it is overused . 
  overuse of water is an issue . 
  more use of water leads to more pollution of water as well due to irrigation runoff . 
  yeah , it 's nuts right . 
   the sirens are useless if the tsunami is formed due to a nearby earthquake and arrives within an hour , before experts can determine if one has even been created . 
  not useful all the time ? 
  must never ever be useful any of the time . 
  think in absolutes less please . 
  why is nearly all of our prison population male , yet men are only half of the general population ? 
  that 's a much bigger overrepresentation , yet never gets talked about very much . 
  maori overrepresentation in prison is almost entirely explained by simple socioeconomic factors . 
   are you fucking retarded ? 
  no , but thank you for your concern . 
  i appreciate it . 
   you really think you 're qualified to speak on behalf of literally every person in this country to claim there is zero racism ? 
  til you ca n't make statements about a country without talking to literally everyone in it . 
   seriously , fuck off with the culturally fit argument . 
  so you are saying we should n't mix cultures ? 
  every culture should keep it to themselves ? 
  multiculturalism has never worked . 
  it will never work . 
  it goes against human nature . 
  every immigration population either arrives slowly enough to assimilate ( which does n't stop racists from thinking that anyone with a different skin colour is evil , unfortunately ) or forms a separate culture within our country that keeps to itself . 
   or , are you saying chinese and indian cultures are less superior than us ? 
  yeah lets go back to past and go live inside a cave . 
  i have no idea what you mean by the second sentence . 
  chinese culture is fine if you like killing endangered animals for ludicrous traditional medicines . 
  or if you think that the best way to run a society is for everyone to ignore all concepts of ethics when dealing with anyone outside of their extended family . 
  you know that 's how chinese culture essentially works , right ? 
  i assume you love the idea of businesses only employing family members ? 
  and everyone dealing in cash and evading tax ? 
  i ca n't wait to hear how these real aspects of chinese culture have nothing to do with chinese culture and i 'm just a racist or something .
