  but smother would . 
  another excellent point, 
  holy shit quality meme, 
  except it happened before it yeah, 
  the whole point of hybrid mana costs is that you can play { b/r } in both black and red decks . 
  that 's not what engine means . . pod was an engine . 
  jeskai ascendancy was an engine . 
  jtms was an engine in standard . 
  that 's not what engine means . 
  no , they do n't . 
  bridge does not ` prevent you from playing magic ' , it 's just a control card . 
  it stops you from attacking until you kill it , which you can easily do . 
  blood moon prevents you from playing incredibly greedy 4c mana bases which would be rampant if it did n't exist . 
  play more basics . 
  well it was played a 4-of in many vintage decks until it was restricted in vintage . 
   that is n't anywhere close to `` every successful legacy blue deck . '', 
  rug delver has run it . 
  bug delver has run it . 
  every blue deck in legacy has run it at some point . 
  you 're trolling . 
  rug delver absolutely has run it . 
  it 's not the standard build but nobody would go ` oh weird !! ', 
  if you did . 
  they clearly are not * objectively * worse . 
  they are beautiful , sleek , simple , able to be understood , fun projects , etc. 
  bridge does n't make games go into turns and delay tournaments . 
  neither does lantern . 
  top was banned because it makes * individual turns * take a long time . 
  that 's just plainly not true . 
  runescape is the most successful mmorpg in the long term * ever * and its never raised its level cap . 
  rug delver is a viable legacy deck , not a ` dead deck ', 
  that 's two * examples * of something that is quite common : putting gitaxian probe in rug delver , because perfect information is incredibly useful in the deck , due to playing lots of conditional cards like stifle and daze . 
   clearly that invalidates everything im saying . 
  well you are n't really * saying * anything . 
  that 's definitely not true . 
  it 's slower , sure , but i 've never seen any evidence that it 's worse . 
   according to mtgtop8 , its last placing in a major event was one year ago ( scg classic dallas ) . 
  its last major placing before that was in 2011 , six years ago . 
  both of those events had top legal . 
  what does that have to do with how good it is ? 
  doomsday is hard to play . 
  very few people play it . 
  is grixis delver the best deck in the format just because it 's the most popular ? 
  of course not . 
   two top eights in six years leads to the conclusion that 1 ) the deck is not good or 2 ) the deck is so hard to pilot optimally that no one has been able to do so . 
  both conclusions are functionally the same in practice . 
  they clearly are not ` functionally the same in practice ' when the context is you saying that it 's not worth playing * no matter how good you are * . 
   for what it 's worth , i do n't actually think doomsday is that much harder to pilot than something like tes . 
  it 's just really vulnerable to losing to interaction . 
  that 's completely untrue . 
  tes is very vulnerable to disruption . 
  it 's doomsday that can win through basically any amount of disruption and is extremely resilient . 
  they 're not ` objectively worse ' , because ` worse ' is subjective . 
  yeah wtf is it with that . 
  merfolk players , no matter the format , seem to think the deck is unbeatable . 
  maybe they only play mirror matches and think the deck has a 100 % winrate . 
  that 's a * good thing * . 
  people should n't be maxing out their skills . 
   furthermore they have raised the level cup to an extent by releasing new skills and extending some current skills to 130 . 
  when people talk about runescape in a good light , you can be sure that they 're not talking about current modern runescape , given it has none of the good qualities of runescape . 
  that 's irrelevant . 
  only one person has to go to time to make the whole tournament slow . 
  god that sounds fun . 
  every time i hear about a deck like this i just think . . god i ca n't until fakes destroy the secondary market and i can buy these cards for cheap . 
  i think saying that br reanimator requires skill is kind of silly . 
  if that deck requires skill then so does every other deck in the format . 
  it 's been pay to win the entire time that it 's been f2p . 
  we just had this thread, 
  there 's nothing unintentional about it . 
  it 's obviously and clearly designed to do those things . 
  b u r n, 
  i think they very much have thought through them . 
  did someone say [ [ rest in peace ] ] [ [ helm of obedience ] ] [ [ enlightened tutor ] ] ? 
  nonono blue cards and counterspells = control deck, 
  if mythics are n't worth anything they do n't have any effect on the prices of rares , remember . 
  the idea that mythics make the rest of the set cheaper does n't make sense unless you only want rares and do n't want mythics, 
   if sfm gets unbanned , modern immediately becomes degenerate, 
  that 's literally guaranteed not to happen . 
  that 's a completely different issue, 
  wow 2, 
  reported for personal attack, 
  i have no idea who ` miyamoto ' is , but i do n't agree with him . 
  i 've got plenty of cards . 
  i just do n't have every card . 
  i 'd lose more than the average player if they got rid of the reserved list and reprinted duals and cradles and tabernacle in eternal masters 2 , but i still think they should do it . 
  and if they do n't , the counterfeiters will . 
  either way , my friends can start playing the game i already enjoy playing . 
   also , have a loam pox list ? 
  a friend plays it in legacy so i 'm always curious , 
  made a couple of small changes from https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dgoc9kqi8_k which just immediately appealed to me the moment i saw it . 
  there are literal guarantees . 
  stoneforge mystic is completely safe . 
  lots of people have actually tested it against the current meta , it would n't even be tier 1 . 
  why would you respond in such a fucking moronic way ? 
  have you tested this ? 
  have you read the results of others testing this ? 
  or are you going off your ` intuition ' ? 
  because let 's face it , the intuition of magic players * sucks * . 
  even extremely experienced players * consistently * overrate cards . 
  that ` specific card ' being essentially any removal spell in the game ?
