  the reasoning for scry is probably that if they wanted to go back and add a number like they did for echo , it 's not obvious that a card that just says `` scry '' means `` scry 2 '' instead of `` scry 1 '' . 
  while a card that just says `` echo '' it 's more much intuitive that it means `` echo with this card 's mana cost '' . 
  dies to all interaction . 
  nobody just jams the combo unless they 're playing against an uninteractive combo deck in which case * fucking good , you deserve it for playing uninteractive combo * . 
  that 's just how metagames work . 
  decks are n't viable if they ca n't beat popular and powerful decks in the metagame . 
  it 's * good * that you have to think about the metagame when building your deck . 
  by your logic burn should be banned . 
  wtf ? 
  this is basically the only comment i 've ever made on this subreddit that * was n't * at least a little bit trolling ... 
  affinity runs blood moon though, 
   you do realize yawg 's will is way better than pif , right ? 
  in vintage it 's much better because you can cast black lotus and other cheap artifacts from the graveyard . 
  in modern they 're basically equivalent . 
  past in flames is arguably better : it has flashback which is incredibly relevant in storm , and it 's in the right colours for the modern-legal rituals . 
   also , storm existed in modern before past in flames and it would continue to if they made those changes . 
  i play storm . 
  i do n't want to get rid of storm . 
  i think that ponder and preordain should be legal as they 're completely fair cards , and if that makes storm too consistent then past in flames should be banned , as that 's easily the strongest card in the deck . 
  oh my god imagine having to actually interact with your opponent . 
  holding up instant speed removal is * so hard * . 
  what is this , fucking edh ? 
  holding up removal spells is * basic magic * . 
  learn to play scrub . 
  do n't be a brat . 
  `` get over it '' is n't particularly mature either . 
   and gun and roses concerts where axl walks off stage in a fit, 
  and they are entitled to a refund . 
  why are you quoting a tiny part of my comment out of context ? 
  is it because you admit all the other points are completely valid ? 
  you need to piss off . 
  muh being so shit at magic that i do n't even know how to use instant-speed removal, 
   the specific number is largely irrelevant , my point was that it was expandable , so if you did have a good idea for some new piece of equipment , it could be added , and you did n't have to worry about mucking with the ui . 
  they 've extended the equipment screen in runescape several times . 
   i said nothing about carrying capacity . 
  i 'm just talking about the organizational structure you 're capable of having . 
  obviously you can apply any limits you want , though clearly some limits are more irrational than others . 
  number limits . 
  mass limits . 
  volume limits . 
  power limits . 
  whatever . 
  the point was the organization . 
  and my point is that if you have reasonable maximum capacities in your inventory you do n't * need * super complicated organisational systems with hierarchies and tags and shit . 
  you just need a simple layout . 
   and a system that limits you to an arbitrary total number of items , irrespective of the items size , mass , or anything seems like a terribly artificial system where you 're magically incapable . 
  just fyi . 
  like , how in minecraft , 64 cubic meters of stone , and 1 arrow , take up precisely the same inventory space . 
  magic !, 
  in runescape arrows , coins and runes are all stackable up to some arbitrary limit ( 2 ^ ( 31 ) items in a stack , to be precise ) , so you do n't have the ` one chestplate = one arrow ' problem . 
  but a sword takes up the same space as a dagger , for example . 
  you need to have some sort of abstraction of space or size or something . 
  any abstraction will have something that seems silly . 
  some games have weights * and * they have size ( so an item will be 2x1 instead of just everything being 1x1 ) . 
  some just have weights . 
  some just have size . 
  some have numerical limits . 
  this also works although it can end up with players playing inventory tetris . 
  the more complicated you make it the more time you spend working around limits . 
  i think the simple numerical limits and simple separation between one-item-only and effectively-infinitely-stackable is very simple and easy to understand . 
  i think the only think players have ever got to the stack size of in runescape is coins anyway . 
  it makes for more interesting gameplay to have to manage what you take with you as well . 
  you ca n't just be prepared for everything . 
  your ` build ' for a fight includes what items you take as well as your character 's build . 
   why does being a theme park preclude combat depth ? 
  that makes no sense . 
  just because a game has that type of content style does not have that sort of required impact on combat design . 
  most game genres are `` theme parks '' in structure anyway , so your claim really makes no sense . 
  wow clones have no combat depth , then . 
  they 're practically synonymous these days . 
  tab-targeting combat just is n't interesting . 
  follow a set rotation/priority system/whatever . 
  it 's uninteresting gameplay . 
  they do n't have any sort of customisability that matters , either . 
  you play a set cookie cutter build and that 's that . 
  i can be as much of a dick as i like thank you very much . 
  they 're not all opinions . 
  the ones that are opinions are backed up by good argumentation, 
  this is n't an argument for unbanning twin or not banning twin . 
  my argument for unbanning twin is n't `` people spent money on it '' . 
  the comment you 're replying to is one saying `` it 's just a game hurr durr '' . 
  `` a lot of money is involved here '' is a perfectly reasonable response to that . 
  the levels of investment in magic * do * make banlist decisions a big deal . 
  they 're important . 
  they 're not some trivial matter . 
  that does n't mean i think no expensive decks should be banned . 
  i ca n't believe i had to explain that . 
  do you even fucking read the comments you 're replying to and their context ? 
  holy christ . 
   and you just want it banned because you ca n't beat it with your control/midrange deck . 
  i want urza 's lands banned because they warp the meta . 
  it has nothing to do with me . 
  what line of reasoning . 
  `` you think that ` it 's just a game ' is facile because lots of money is involved and so it is n't ` just a game ' and therefore you must also think that no expensive deck should ever be banned . '' ? 
  that line of reasoning ? 
  because that line of reasoning makes * no fucking sense whatsoever * . 
  you can say that as much as you like , but * in my experience * they do n't . 
  if you 're a dickhead to people when they get upset they 're much more likely to throw . 
  if you make an effort to try to repair the team dynamic then it 's much less likely they 'll throw . 
  * ( of course it still happens sometimes , obviously .
