  a written constitution for the uk or nz would entrench things that you do n't want entrenched , believe me . 
  it 's good that we can flexibly change things . 
  yes sometimes the people you do n't like will change things in ways you do n't like , but the parties you do like will eventually be elected and they can * change them back * . 
  can you imagine how fucking backwards the uk would be today if the ways things were done in the 1770s were still in force today because of a written constitution ? 
  supreme verdict is that card you were looking for . 
  i do n't think toxic deluge is any more popular , nor abrupt decay ( it 's much less amazing with counterbalance dead ) . 
  tarmogoyf has been very good for a very long time . 
  it was good before terminus and i think it 's still very good now . 
  it came out at the same time as tombstalker and continued to be better than it well after abrupt decay was printed . 
  yes it is . 
  it 's just as good . 
  it 's played less . 
  percentage of top 8s ignores how much more popular grixis is than ur . 
  ask anyone that plays mtgo regularly , grixis is very , very popular online . 
  it 's the most popular deck by a lot . 
   and the loam deck itself does n't have enough ways of getting a goyf reliably bigger than 2/3 in the early turns , meaning it died to bolt a lot more than goyfs should . 
  you 're claiming a loam deck ca n't get a sorcery and a land into the graveyard quickly ? 
  a loam deck ? 
  lightning bolt ca n't kill a 3/4 goyf , and unless the graveyard only has * one * type of card in it when you bolt it ( or two including instant ) , it wo n't do shit . 
  when are you comparing to ? 
  drs has been around for 4 years . 
  stoneblade has been a viable deck almost the entire time ... 
   the name `` deathblade '' already implies the pressence of four colors, 
  blue , white and black . 
  i do n't think playing a single trop makes it a green deck . 
  playing noble hierarchs odes . 
  have you ever actually played mtgo ? 
  play a few leagues , grixis delver is insanely popular . 
  i know this is old , but standstill has made a comeback , and this is relevant again , but a lot of people wo n't have seen it . 
  burn would rather play path to exile in legacy , even . 
  but that 's compared to plow . . :p, 
  they break standstill and you draw 3 cards . 
  you said, 
   the name `` deathblade '' already implies the pressence of four colors , but does n't tell you whether it 's either bant deathblade or esper deathblade . 
  deathblade both . 
  also it 's been played in modern for * quite * a while . 
  at least a couple of years . 
  it was n't tier 1 , but it was a janky combo deck that played a shitload of free spells . 
   look at some of the recent results for mtgo and tell me that control is awful . 
  it has been 5-0ing a ton of lists . 
  mtgo league results are meaningless . 
   it has n't been showing up at gps lately , but that 's because it is represented by an exponentially smaller margin than the other decks . 
  it 's less popular because it 's bad . 
  if it were good , it would be the most played deck , because control is incredibly popular and fun to play and people love playing control when it 's good . 
  because terminus is broken and supreme verdict is n't . 
  that 's the difference . 
  and it * is * an issue . 
  terminus forces you to play a particular shell of cards because it 's busted . 
  i agree , daze/waste/sfm is awful . 
  there used to be a uwr delver deck , not sure if you remember it , and it was this weird hybrid of delver and stoneblade . 
  it was widely laughed at and eventually fell out of favour with people either playing rug or bug delver ( or grixis when frf came out ) , or stoneblade properly . 
  why would aggro loam need a very strong turn 1 threat ? 
  a strong turn 2 threat is just as strong . 
  you 'd rather play disruption on turn 1 and a threat on turn 2 , surely . 
  it 's not a ` massive conspiracy ' you mongoloid , it 's * american stupidity * . 
  americans using words incorrectly is n't new or conspiratorial . 
  no it would n't . 
  that 's not ethical . 
  it 's extremely unethical to refuse to publish results because they do n't fit with your biases . 
  that is the single most fucking stupid thing i 've ever read . 
  not exaggerating here . 
  it really is the stupidest thing . 
  it 's stupider than actual retardation because they ca n't help it . 
  you can . 
  you 're not actually a * moron * , you 're probably do n't have the iq of the potato , and yet you still said something * that * fucking stupid . 
  socialists * fucking hated * the nazis you fucking mongoloid cunt . 
   a journalist once said it was ok to punch him because he 's racist ( what ? ) . 
  but it is . 
  punching fascists is fun * and * morally acceptable . 
   has corbyn ever supported a piece of anti-terror legislation . 
  probably not . 
  maybe stop proposing so-called `` anti-terror '' legislation that has nothing to do with terrorism and exists only to further curtail britons ' human rights ? 
   farage is n't a fascist, 
  yes he is . 
   legally you 're wrong anyway, 
  the law does n't decide whether someone is a fascist , whether punching them is fun , or whether it 's morally acceptable to do so . 
  i think i might have some sort of brain disease . 
  i meant racist . 
  i intended to write racist in each place . 
  not fascist . 
  farage is a racist . 
  he is n't anti-immigration for the rational reasons , he 's anti-immigration because he 's a racist . 
  the japanese are very racist . 
  they absolutely do hold the belief they 're genetically and culturally superior to other races . 
  obviously that 's a generalisation , but on the whole they do believe that . 
  god no . 
  muldoon was * far * better . 
   as for donating his salary you do know that he makes more money donating his salary from the tax breaks he gets right ? 
  that does n't make any sense . 
  you can never * make money * by donating money . 
  those cases never went to the supreme court you egg . 
   no , but those cases illustrate why we need the privy council back as our apex court . 
  i disagree entirely . 
  i 'm not a republican or something , i firmly agree with nz retaining strong ties to britain . 
  but those cases have nothing to do with the supreme court . 
  they never went to the supreme court . 
  they do n't indict the supreme court . 
  maybe they were an indictment of the court of appeal or of the high court , but how do we know the same thing would n't have happened if those cases had gone to the new supreme court instead of the judicial committee of the privy council ? 
  this is a persistent myth and lie . 
  muldoon never crippled anything .
