  i 'm a software developer , idiot . 
  i know far more about the software development process than you do . 
  no they fucking do n't . 
  they take water from aquifers . 
  everyone 's land ? 
  not just farmers . 
  the water is the aquifers in christchurch belongs to everyone . 
  wasting it on inappropriately sited dairy farms is extremely harmful . 
   lol lol lol i am actually a software developer and i 'm laughing my ass off at your comment . 
  i do not for a moment believe you . 
  maybe you 're an app or web developer or something , ha . 
   did you get your understanding of what a beta is from a dictionary ? 
  lmao . 
  i almost want to believe you . 
  i write software for a living . 
  i have also played more than a dozen mmorpg betas . 
  they all exist for one purpose : finding and fixing bugs . 
   a public beta is released for specific purposes depending on the project but you are too dumb to comprehend that just because something is called beta does n't mean it 's whatever you want it to be . 
  you literally have no idea what you 're talking about . 
   99.99 % of betas get released with tos prohibiting cheating yet you think it 's okay ? 
  again , if ` exploiting game mechanics ' is cheating then cheating is clearly not sensible to prohibit . 
  that is the only point i have made . 
  what does ` cheating ' mean to you anyway , in this context ? 
   i do n't believe you are a software developer else you would n't be this retarded . 
  there are unfortunately a lot of extremely stupid software developers . 
  thankfully i 'm not one of them . 
  you seem to be though , either that or you 're just lying on the internet . 
  the latter seems likely . 
   and if you are please reconsider your life choices and how you managed to be in a career and knowing so little . 
  try not to be so fucking moronic that you misunderstand basic concepts of software development , you imbecilic mongoloid . 
  preordain being better than ponder without shuffle effects has been a well-known , established fact amongst competitive magic players for longer than you 've been playing magic . 
  well that 's the microtransactions that make it pay to win . 
  gold in runescape is by far the most important resource in the game . 
  you can basically buy several 99s for gp . 
  you 're retarded . 
  you simply do n't understand the concept of pay to win . 
  control decks do n't lower their own life on purpose or play death 's shadow , lol . 
  pay to win means you can spend money on anything that is n't purely cosmetic . 
  oh my god lsv replied to me . 
  if you do n't explicitly give a mode , then you have n't chosen one . 
  given that you can cast modal spells without explicitly giving a mode , and people do so all the time , it 's pretty clear that they in fact do * not * require explicitly choosing a mode i.e. 
  they do n't require choosing a mode . 
  the mode is implicit . 
  nobody that 's been playing since before lorwyn could be this ignorant of the basics . 
  are you a new mod here ? 
  because this is n't the first time i 've seen you moderating the essence of what people say rather than how they say it . 
  if this subreddit is going to start moderating what people say rather than how they say it is , then that 's a very , very bad precedent . 
  lol . 
  the only pointless format is standard , kid . 
  i 've moderated forums and message boards and all sorts of things for a long time . 
  in particular on reddit , it 's a really bad idea to start moderating people for saying things you disagree with . 
  it is never well-received by the subscribers . 
  if people are wrong , they 'll be downvoted . 
  and on top of that , i have n't said anything incorrect in this thread !, 
  its single microtransaction is so core to the gameplay of the game that it affects every aspect of the game . 
  uploading your own guild logo seems unrelated to whether a world is player-driven . 
  wow 's lore is a complete mess , though . 
  for anyone that was a fan of the lore in warcraft 1/2/3 , wow 's lore is absurd . 
  that 's a good thing . 
  lots of people do n't care , and they do n't need to have novels worth of lore shoved in their faces . 
  elysium is all about being a pirate, 
  you 're missing the point . 
  comments like `` you ca n't actually cast the spell without choosing the modes '' ignore the fact that you clearly * can * , given that people have done so . 
  the comment ignores that it 's replying to a deliberate contrast between mtgo ( where you * can not * cast a spell without choosing its modes ) and real life ( where you * can * but * should n't * ) . 
   i 've never found it to be an outlier in terms of glitches compared to other games and it 's resale value is insane compared to other hobbies , games and even paper magic ( buy a goyf for 30 , resell for 28 on mtgo ? 
  and good luck selling out of hearthstone ) . 
  in other games you are n't expected to pay hundreds or thousands of dollars to play lol, 
  it 's terrible in edh . 
  it 's fantastic in legacy . 
  alpha was a great meme . 
  it 's just silly in the view of a lot of players to ruin rare and valuable cards like this . 
  there are only so many moxen around , and if you 're going to replace the entire card with altered art to the point where it 's probably not tournament-playable . . why not at least do it with an international collector 's edition or a chinese proxy ? 
  nobody is saying they do n't have the right to do it , moron . 
  hearthstone is a shitty game . 
  i 'm talking about actually good games . 
  no it does n't . 
  most people that play magic do not spend ` hundreds or thousands ' . 
   buy that sweet new call of duty with season pass for $ 110 with no resale value , or buy a standard deck for $ 150 that i can resell . 
  tough one . 
  the equivalent of buying call of duty is having a playset of every constructed-playable card in standard , not buying a single deck . 
  what argument ? 
  what kind of drugs are you on ? 
  it 's stupid to ruin rare and valuable items , especially when you 're rendering them tournament-unplayable ( which this is ) . 
  that does n't mean he does n't have the right to do it . 
  it just means he 's stupid for doing it . 
  friday night is not the weekend . 
  weekend = saturday and sunday . 
  that 's just the definition of weekend . 
  frankly the game should be good enough and fun enough to play that promos are n't necessary to drag people along . 
  your standard events would be firing if standard were any good . 
  that they do n't is a reflection on standard , not on which promos are available . 
   if you 're referring to kitchen table magic , sure . 
  but there 's also free and less competitive options to mtgo like cockatrice and xmage . 
  if xmage and cockatrice are n't illegal they 're certainly unethical to use . 
  they 're hardly comparable to mtgo or other video games or paper mtg . 
   does n't change the fact that i can sell out of mtgo easier and at a better rate . 
  the `` you have to hundreds of dollars unlike other video games '' is such a fallacy ridden argument because mtgo is n't a sunk cost like other video games . 
  it 's not fallacious . 
  you can sell video games too . 
  the fact that you have to pay hundreds or thousands to play on mtgo is simply unacceptable to 99.9 % of its potential audience .
