   benefiting from racism , does n't make you racist , but when a horrific racist event occurs , and all you can do is say `` well i would n't do that '' you are not helping . 
  i do n't give two shits about helping . 
  i have no interest in helping people in another country dealing with their idiotic shit . 
  this is / r/newzealand . 
   tic tac toe is hardly skill-testing , with no variance . 
  it 's entirely skill-testing . 
  the skills it is testing are very limited : knowledge of a very small set of basic moves . 
   poker is highly skill-testing with lots of variance . 
  it 's much less skill-testing than most competitive games , which tend to have low variance . 
   learning how to control and play around variance and anticipate branching decision trees is a skill that variance tests , though you 're correct that limiting variance is often preferable to high , game-deciding variance . 
  for adding some variance to a draft , you buy into the skill-tests of the actual draft , which involves reading signals , taking smart risks , and speculating on decks and synergies . 
  yes , some variance is important . 
  every game will end up the same without some variance . 
  chess is a good example of a game that suffers from a lack of variance . 
  most players , whether they 're good or bad , just follow set openings . 
  the game only really becomes a test of skill once you get past the openings . 
  bobby fischer recognised this and wanted to change to playing a form of chess called ` fischerrandom ' where the pieces were arranged somewhat randomly . 
  this meant players had to actually be creative and think creatively in the opening . 
  the variance of drawing different cards , for example , is a good level of variance in a competitive game . 
  the variance of some of those cards being lands , and mana flood and mana screw , and very high variance in the cards you get ? 
  that 's too much variance . 
  it makes the game too much about just being unable to play or interact . 
   you do n't have to like draft , but you 're really trying to piss in everyone 's cheerio 's here . 
  it 's an uphill battle when it 's a pretty common opinion among skilled magic players that draft involves plenty of skill , and draft is one of the most common formats . 
  i do n't really give a shit if people get triggered and defensive . 
  draft has far too much variance to be a good competitive game . 
  basically every form of magic has too much variance that is difficult if not impossible to control in any meaningful way to be really considered a good competitive game . 
  good competitive games do n't have grand finals of tournaments decided by players taking it in turns to get mana screwed . 
  that 's not to say that randomness ca n't be fun or exciting , but it tends to be bad in a competitive setting . 
  draft just is n't skill-testing compared to legacy , for example : a format of very even matchups and a lot of deck manipulation . 
  any given game of draft has very few real decisions on average , when you take into account that in a lot of games you never draw your third land and just lose or you never draw your third spell and just lose . 
  * they * are the government ... 
  cults of personality ? 
  the cultish divisive identification with parties is shitty though . 
  parties are collections of policies and potential ministers . 
  ` nz is just the best ', 
  - bunch of spoilt middle income kids, 
  what really matters is that you found a way to feel superior to everyone else . 
  haha so defensive and salty about the idea that a game where 2/3 of matches are at least partially decided by literally whether you draw enough lands might have too much randomness . 
   writing bots is n't that time consuming . 
  yes it is . 
   whether the reward is worth it depends on the player base and how well they can transform in game botting time into real money . 
  why are you repeating what i said but in the tone that you disagree with me ? 
   both of which have little to do with the technical challenge of writing the bots and building bot detection code . 
  oh hey look , nothing to do with what i 'm talking about . 
  good job . 
  because our land and our water and our natural resources are used to grow that food . 
  til that all price controls are communism . 
  idiot, 
  jump off a bridge, 
   if you 're claiming there 's no difference between 30,000 and 60,000 , would you be equally critical of parties with the following numbers ? 
  maybe , cunt , you could try actually reading what i said . 
  i said there is n't a ` huge difference ' . 
  not that there is n't a difference at all . 
   i can understand if you think 30,000 is too high for a party with that as their policy to ever get your vote , but to claim that there 's no big difference between 30,000 and 60,000 is just mathematically wrong . 
  the difference between 30,000 and 60,000 is small . 
  both numbers will lead to the same result , just at slightly different paces : replacing our native population with a foreign population and destroying all social cohesion . 
  importing foreigners does n't solve our lack of capacity to build . 
  getting the commerce commission to break up the building supply companies and paying people to train to be builders does . 
  that 's just silly . 
  many immigrants are on temporary visas . 
  those can be halted . 
   stopping immigration completely is a ridiculous notion . 
  it is . 
  but it 's less ridiculous than the current immigration levels . 
   first of all , i think that statistic still smells from being pulled out of your ass . 
  for future reference , a good measure you can use for competitiveness of a game is the degree to which the ` best players of the game ' can consistently perform . 
  ... which is intimately bound into the randomness of the game . 
  if you play a match against lsv , in limited , then even if he beats you in every single game that he was n't mana screwed or flooded , he will still lose against you sometimes because the game has very high variance . 
   if you see the same people a lot at top tables , it 's a great indicator that it took skill to get there rather than if the top tables were different people every tournament . 
  the top tables are different at every tournament . 
  that 's the thing . 
  people think ` oh but the pros are consistently up there ' . 
  sure . 
  but there are a lot of pros and ` the top tables ' tends to mean the top 8 people at a tournament . 
  if you take a game where there 's actually genuine skill involved , like chess , magnus carlsson will never , ever lose a game against any lower rated player . 
  in fact , he can play a simultaneous game against 20 good players and win all of them . 
  that 's not unusual , anyone at the top of the chess world can do that with some practice . 
  the same is just mathematically not true of magic . 
  it 's a high variance game , and draft ratchets that variance up a huge amount . 
  draft is extremely high variance . 
   i 'm really not salty - mildly amused at your fervor if anything . 
  if you go on the internet and say things that are rude , misleading , and self-aggrandizing at best and plain wrong at worst , then people like me who find it fun to argue are going to call you on it , and no amount of fit-throwing and calling people salty makes you come out as the cool guy . 
  you have an extremely high opinion of yourself . 
   i do n't care what you do or do not play , but if you go to a thread about people liking draft and bitch about how you hate draft or how objectively nobody should like it , people are going to call you an ass or a moron . 
  yes , because they 're being defensive . 
  magic players getting defensive about criticisms of magic ? 
  well i never . 
  never heard of that before , have you ? 
  have you seen how magic players on this forum react when someone points out that magic is pretty expensive , or basically pay to win ? 
  ` it 's just another hobby , reeeeeee ' and downvotes galore . 
   people like you are part of the reason the community gets toxic , and also why people get turned away from magic . 
  people get turned away from magic when they find out how expensive it is to play , and they get turned away from magic when they go to a draft , which they 've been told is a good way to experience the game , pay $ 20 , do n't pull any good cards , get mana flooded and mana screwed out of their matches and find the whole experience extremely frustrating . 
  i know this because i know lots of people i 've tried to get into magic that have had basically exactly that experience . 
  they see the game , think it looks fun , do n't want to spend hundreds on the game , so why not try draft ? 
  and then they get unlucky and find the whole experience frustrating and do n't want to play again . 
  maybe not the first time they play , but eventually . 
  and it is frustrating , and it is not fun , and it really is n't competitive . 
   trying to turn people off of draft literally has no upside and at the end of the day turns players away from drafting and funding the game you say you like to play . 
  i 'm not ` trying to turn people off of draft ' .
