   an aging population is a long term problem , because the average life expectancy is increasing exponentially with better medicine and better healthcare . 
  already new zealand 's life expectancy is 80 for men and 83 for women . 
  which means if you retire at 65 , you 've got at least 15 years where you 're doing nothing but living off of your pension . 
  the average life expectancy is increasing , but that is not a significant cause of our ` aging population ' . 
  the cause of our aging population that has everyone concerned is that there 's a boom in the age bracket that 's entering retirement now ( and has been for a couple of years ) . 
  that boom will pass in a couple of decades , as the sad deaths of baby boomers getting past the expected lifespan occur . 
  then we 'll have a population that is getting younger : not because people are lasting less long , but because fewer people will be retiring and more elderly people will be dying than ever before . 
  : / not a very nice thought , is it . 
  it 's not true that you 're `` doing nothing but living off of your pension '' . 
  i 'm not sure how many old people you know , but people do n't reach 65 and go from being highly productive workers to immediately retiring and doing nothing useful for the rest of their lives . 
  many people are n't immediately retiring , and we 're constantly told how the baby boomers all have a million houses , and almost all retirees have some level of savings , whether it 's owning a house or kiwisaver or old government supers , etc. 
   so suggesting we do nothing about it is going to be the best course of action ? 
  see , this is why you 've demonstrated you know nothing . 
  because you do n't . 
  i 've already said our birthrate should increase ( the replacement rate for white women is very low , we 're below 2 children per women over the entire population and that 's being propped up by the on average much larger families of maori and pacific islanders ) so that we are at least replacing the people we do have . 
   where did i say it was only a white person thing ? 
  winston peters and hone harawira are both examples of ignorant , racist maori . 
  i said i wanted my children to experience and be taught in fluent new zealand english by born and bred new zealanders . 
  that 's not racist , and it 's not ignorant . 
  there 's nothing wrong with being proud of being a new zealander , or being proud of our strong , bicultural country with its strong new zealand maori and new zealand european cultures . 
  and still , still there 's an ideological aversion to printing money . 
  yet printing money does n't cause anywhere near the inflation that people claim it does . 
  it causes exactly the same amount of inflation as borrowing money , which the government did all through the global financial crisis , and yet we had very little inflation . 
  the idea that the government has to borrow money from overseas and ` keep a balanced budget ' is a pervasive myth , and yet it 's completely unsupported by economics . 
  that 's not * true * . 
  it 's simply a lie . 
  go and look at the graphs . 
  new zealanders are less than 20 % of our migration figures . 
  the changes in the net number of new zealanders barely affects the net number of immigrants . 
  it 's tiny compared to the net non-new zealand immigrants . 
  and look at the non-new-zealand figures . 
  look at them for a minute . 
  in 2010 they were at 35k or so . 
  in 2013 , 40k . 
  in 2014 , 50k . 
  in 2015 , 65k . 
  in 2016 , over 70k . 
  what will they be this year ? 
  yes the new zealand figures affect the net , but we all know that we ca n't really control that figure . 
  nobody is trying to . 
  net non-new zealand migration is still by far the biggest effect , and it 's absolutely out of control . 
  it 's growing by 10-15k people/year/year . 
  no , you fool , i am saying that your claim that the ( implied : only ) solution to immigration is political and economic instability is fucking ridiculous and childish . 
  i think it 's probably clear that the only reasonable interpretation of what he 's saying is < 20k of net non-new zealand migration then . 
   globally you ca n't change the supply of labour with anything other than population increase , which means when we let immigrants in and pay them more than they would get at home the global labour price rises . 
  the global supply of labour is irrelevant . 
  the supply of labour in new zealand is what matters , because the price of labour in new zealand is what matters . 
  the global ` price of labour ' is n't materially affected by how many immigrants we allow into new zealand . 
  either way , we 'll still have people being paid 5c/hour in china . 
   our local labour price ca n't drop below our minimum wage , and we 're privy to agreements that mean we ca n't drop our minimum wage . 
  our local price of labour should be increasing in real terms . 
  it used to . 
  there are many reasons why it no longer does , and immigration is a factor . 
  and the real price of labour absolutely can drop below minimum wage . 
  what happens then is that those jobs just disappear . 
   housing pricing has obviously gone up and doing something about that maybe necessary , but it 's a fairly knee jerk and off centre reaction to stop immigrants coming here . 
  nobody has ever suggested banning all immigration , nor has anyone ever suggested immigration is the sole cause of house price increases . 
  please at least try to have a more nuanced view . 
  restricting immigration to manageable levels is neither unusual nor kneejerk . 
  it 's completely normal . 
   i 'm right wing , classically liberal and live in new zealand . 
  are you a member of the national party caucus ? 
  then i 'm not talking about you . 
   maybe the majority are n't , but using that to argue your point is like a right wing person saying that the left in new zealand are all dole bludging losers looking for a handout . 
  well no it is n't , because that 's demonstrably untrue : nobody in the labour caucus is a benefit bludger , as you would say . 
  maybe actually read my post next time . 
  i was clearly talking about the national party , the only credible right-wing party in nz . 
   questioning the morality of your opposition in politics is just stupid . 
  it 's a big part of why clinton lost and it 's a big part of why labour has lost so much . 
  clinton lost because the american system is completely broken . 
  she won the popular vote , should have won the election and did n't because there are only about 4 states that matter . 
  neoliberalism is n't far right . 
  the national party is a neoliberal party . 
  the labour party is a neoliberal party . 
  they 're the two parties that can realistically form governments with themselves at the centre , and they are * firmly * neoliberal in policy and in voice and in action . 
  `` neoliberal '' does n't mean `` right-wing '' . 
  never has , never will . 
  ` left ' and ` right ' are meaningless labels used to encourage people to pick a side and treat politics like sports . 
  look at actual policies , labour have no interest in making new zealand a fair society . 
  they want to push the status quo , as does national . 
  small changes to the status quo do n't make them diametrically opposed . 
  what a worthless discussion thread . 
  no , we do n't . 
  nobody in any party has ever done anything that would suggest that they would base any policy on peoples ' last names . 
  media hysterics does not determine party policy . 
   you are misestimating the kind of immigrants nz gets based on comments you read on reddit and such-like . 
  a quarter of the population are immigrants . 
  walk down the street ; do a quarter of the people you see seem like they 're on minimum wage ( or less ) at some tax-dodging restaurant or something ? 
  misleading . 
  a quarter of people in christchurch , where i live , are not immigrants . 
  most aucklanders are immigrants , and look how that 's turning out . 
  sky-high house prices , massive congestion , crumbling infrastructure . 
  oh , but no , obviously immigration is n't causing those problems . 
  they 're all caused by every single baby boomer owning 10 houses !, 
  and you do n't have to be on minimum wage at a tax-dodging restaurant to have a negative impact on wages . 
  all the so-called `` skilled migrants '' in it from india , for example , are `` necessary '' only because our wages are so low that skilled graduates are leaving to go overseas where they can make money that properly reflects their skill and knowledge . 
  meanwhile in nz we let our it companies import `` skilled '' immigrants from overseas because of a skills shortage that is entirely driven by their own low wages . 
  force them to give up their addiction to using migrants and they would have to participate fairly in the free market : high demand ? 
  raise those wages . 
  that 's good for new zealanders .
