  it 's a resilient aggro-combo deck . 
  two years ago i 'd say unban mana drain . 
  but counterspell is actually good now that you can play a control deck that does n't automatically tap out on turn 2 for counterbalance every game . 
  regrowth was broken in vintage because you can recur ancestral recall with it , and it 's honestly still pretty good . 
  yeah , it 's already $ 250 a pop and it 's barely played in vintage . 
  its price would still go through the roof . 
  not being on the reserved list is only relevant if they actually print the card in question . 
  it does n't really need to be * as * consistent , it just needs to be consistent enough to win . 
  being consistent only matters if you run little to no protection . 
  you 'd be able to run a lot of protection * and * bigger threats . 
  you can * already * run counterspell as a 4-of in a control deck . 
   payoff spells that can consume a lot ( or any ) colourless mana are pretty rare in legacy decks ( jace , mentor , sneak attack come to mind ) . 
  because you do n't have a lot of mana . 
  we do n't run low-cost spells because they 're better , we run them because they 're actually playable in a format with wasteland , stifle and daze . 
  goblin recruiter has never been a time concern . 
   i have seen the number of slow play warnings involving this card . 
  none at all , because it 's not legal in any format where it 's playable ? 
  oxford comma and not using an oxford comma are both correct , although using them inconsistently definitely is n't . 
  frantic search would n't be played in existing storm decks . 
  there 's no way in hell you 'd want to play frantic search in ( say ) ad nauseam tendrils . 
  it might see a little bit of play in some really slow ub reanimator builds , but it probably would n't . 
  it 's way too expensive . 
  no , frantic search is for solidarity , which is tier 3 . 
  yes they can , that 's the whole point of a union . 
  if the union-negotiated contract includes a pay rise and the employees that are n't members of the union ca n't individually negotiate a price rise then tough shit , maybe they should n't be so arrogant as to think they can negotiate as well on their own as when hundreds or thousands of people negotiate collectively . 
  so why do they have 20 or 30 cartons of cigarettes , behind the till , not secured ? 
  would they have thousands of dollars in cash just sitting around ? 
  of course not . 
  every dairy owner/shop owner/retailer/business knows you have to be careful with cash , deposit it daily or twice daily , not have it on premises , and have it secured when it is on premises . 
   no , you 're blaming the victims of an entirely legal process for being victimized by people breaking the law . 
  you 're say it 's their responsibility to avoid being robbed , just like idiots say it 's a woman 's responsibility to not get raped , you 're constructing an arbitrary difference in your mind to justify your shitty behaviour . 
  no , we 're saying that if they do n't want to be robbed , they should secure their valuables . 
  every business owner knows they should n't leave thousands of dollars in cash lying around , but apparently it 's okay to leave thousands of dollars in fags lying around ? 
  if someone left their wallet with $ 1000 in it just lying on a table when they go inside a cafe to pay , then come back and it 's gone , saying ` well you should n't have done that ' is n't ` victim blaming ' . 
  it 's not about what makes a profit though . 
  and it 's not ` victim blaming ' to say ` well if you 're going to get so drunk that you ca n't look after yourself , you should find some way to get home safely ' . 
  that 's not saying ` you deserve to get raped ' , it 's saying ` you are putting yourself at risk of getting raped . ', 
  similarly nobody is saying the dairy owners * deserve * it , but they 're * putting themselves at risk * by not * taking sufficient precautions * . 
  when you go out , get a bit sloshed , arrange for a friend to take you home and that friend rapes you , you are extremely unlucky . 
  nobody is saying that person is the one that is putting themselves at risk . 
  when you go out , get a bit sloshed , and expect to walk home through linwood or aranui or something and get raped , you still do n't deserve it , but you still did something stupid and risky . 
  is it the government 's fault that things have value on the black market ? 
  why is it the government 's fault that dairies have no security ? 
  is it the government 's fault if a jewellery shop is robbed ? 
  after all , 15 % of the price is taxed . 
  if you sell valuable goods , secure them . 
  please remember that nzherald is a terrible website that presents on the parts of the story that it wants to present in order to get you outraged . 
  this is classic outrage ` journalism ' . 
  if it seems too outrageous to be true , then it probably is n't true . 
   and there are n't enough chinese in the country to explain why national keep winning more terms . 
  yes there are . 
  they vote * overwhelmingly * for national and they make up a significant minority of our population . 
  uber is n't raising prices to give drivers more . 
  it 's raising prices because it 's crushes its competition and established a monopoly and now wants to make money . 
  of course uber was cheaper . 
  uber * loses money * . 
  they 're spending the money invested in them in order to corner markets by crushing their competition under their illegally deflated prices , and then once the taxi companies are dead they 'll raise their prices ( which they 're already starting to do , see article ) . 
  of course nz is their target market for making a profit . 
  they want to make a profit everywhere . 
  they would n't be here if they did n't want to make a profit . 
  well that 's stupid . 
  if you do n't pay to and contribute to the union why should you get the benefits of being in a union ? 
  i understand why businesses * would * offer those raises , because otherwise you encourage people to join the union , but i have no idea why they should be compelled to . 
  i thought the restriction was that unions could n't negotiate and agree with the employer that they not employ non-union staff , or that they discriminate against non-union employees . 
   it definitely is the government 's fault that cigarettes have value on the black market . 
  no it is n't . 
  they 'd have value on the black market anyway . 
  everything has value . 
  if you sell valuable things , you have a responsibility to secure your premises . 
   they 've single-handedly made cigarettes a product whose cost is 90 % tax , it 's easy to see why people would want to dodge that tax through crime ( violent and otherwise ) and move to the black market . 
  our society has decided that taxing cigarettes is necessary to dissuade their use . 
  if you do n't want to secure your business , do n't run a business . 
  nobody is saying you * deserve it * if you leave your car running with the keys in the ignition and come back to it gone . 
  it 's still the fault of whatever fuckwit stole it . 
  but you still did something very stupid , irresponsible and dangerous . 
  if you sell a valuable good , then you should secure your shop . 
  end of story . 
  it does n't matter whether it 's valuable because it 's highly taxed , valuable because the raw materials to make it are rare , or valuable because south african diamond mining companies stockpile the product and pretend it 's rare when it is n't . 
  how do they expect to get a cycleway down the heathcote river in the area along eastern/palatine terrace ? 
  the banks of the river and the roads on either side are n't particularly wide and the banks are lined with trees . 
  it would be a real pity to destroy those trees to build a cycleway . 
  i assume the ` cycleway ' means separate from the roads , right ? 
   but if you are going to tax home owners for getting out of debt , you are punishing people for trying to be financially responsible . 
  you 're not taxing home owners for getting out of debt . 
  you 're taxing them on their unrealised capital gains , on the basis that * unrealised capital gains on housing * should be taxed like * unrealised income from stocks * . 
  you are punishing people for getting out of debt !, 
  not at all . 
  if you do n't pay off your mortgage with that money , you can put it in investments . 
  you are then taxed on the income from those investments at the same rate as you would be taxed on the equity in your house . 
   if someone has equity they get punished, 
  no more than if they were earning income from investments they would get ` punished ' by being taxed on the income . 
   so you are rewarding getting and staying in debt . 
  if you stay in debt , the money you would otherwise have paid off your debt will be invested in other things that make money , but the income from that is taxed . 
  that 's not fair . 
   ` our society ' has also decided that the crime that inevitably followed is worth it . 
  our society has decided that the crime that followed was not inevitable , but purely due to lazy lack of security . 
  if a bank got robbed and turned around and said ` well if we lived in a socialist paradise nobody would have to steal ' they 'd get laughed in their faces . 
  nobody is taxing your home . 
  they 're taxing your house . 
  you can rent and invest your money elsewhere if you like , and you should n't get penalised if you want to do so .
