   you ca n't make every card have a uniform power level . 
  think of it this way . 
  if everything is at modern power level , then there 's little skill in card evaluation required . 
  sure , you still have to evaluate archetypes , but it makes the process of both drafting and deckbuilding much less skill-oriented . 
  nobody is saying every card should have a uniform power level . 
   further , by diluting the quality of modern cards , it would dramatically reduce the value of expensive cards . 
  that 's a good thing . 
  if 95 % of magic players played pauper and 95 % of cards printed were n't even slightly relevant to pauper , i 'm sure ` this is yet another card that does n't affect the most played format ' would be a pretty common comment on spoilers . 
  most players play constructed , whether it 's casual or competitive constructed . 
  and yet the vast , vast majority of cards are absolutely irrelevant wastes of cardboard for literally everyone that does n't play limited . 
   he 's not meaningfully contributing to the discussion . 
  if i started spamming ratings for cards and how viable they are in 2 headed giant , and then gave everything a 1/10 , it would n't be considered meaningful discussion . 
  2hg is n't the most popular magic format . 
  constructed formats are * hugely * more popular than limited . 
  and yet the vast majority of development time , design time and * sheer quantity of cards * goes to limited . 
   i do n't care that he 's rating cards in a misguided attempt to get wizards to design everything around modern ( lol ), 
  you say ` lol ' as if the idea of designing most cards around the most played format is amusing or strange . 
  that was intended to be read as a joke . 
  i thought that was obvious . 
  `` green has * always * been about drawing cards '' is what / u/itchni said . 
  it 's * objectively * untrue . 
  green was not at all the colour of card draw until relatively recently . 
  not strictly worse , but definitely worse , and for no reason at all . 
  i think most players would far rather get overrun as their rare than a dual land or some other purely utility card . 
  you could . 
  what does that have to do with it ? 
  basking rootwalla is perfectly sane already thanks . 
   when they were n't good . 
  i think he 's perfectly aware of magic 's power creep in creatures . 
  that power creep in creatures is why it 's so bizarre that they 've nerfed this one . 
  uh , wtf ? 
  i 've never seen this , ever . 
  i find that very hard to believe . 
  that 's the most ludicrous thing i 've ever read . 
  holy shit . 
  ah the old ` no true scotsman ' fallacy pulled out again . 
   i get people think feminism as associated with gender . 
  this is my whole point . 
  it sounds like it 's related to gender and many have run with this . 
  but it 's not . 
  it 's about power dynamics , especially the dynamic between power and vulnerability . 
  it 's about gender . 
  it 's called feminism for good reason . 
   that 's all . 
  thanks to feminism you do n't have to take on any label you do n't want to . 
  society does n't get to say who you are , it 's you who gets to decide . 
  sorry but that 's not how reality works . 
  reality is not subjective . 
  nice straw man argument . 
  madness does n't make it insane . 
  oh i see , it was a joke . 
  woosh . 
  vapor snag does n't cost phyrexian mana . 
  i 'm not just stating that the card is bad . 
  maybe read my fucking comment before replying to it . 
   this may come as a shock to you , but apparently one of wotc 's desires is for new players to actually have fun rather than getting blown out b/c they do n't know all the rules , so they want to keep playing i.e. 
  become customers . 
  if they want players to not get blown out due to lack of understanding of the rules , they should communicate the basic concepts of the rules to players . 
  new players are likely to get blown out due to not realising that you can double-block and triple-block . 
  does that mean that wizards should remove double blocking and triple blocking from the game to avoid ` feel bads ' ? 
  the phases and steps of the turn are much simpler to understand than the mechanics of priority passing , or shortcuts , and yet players are still allowed to use shortcuts and wotc still print instants and creatures with flash . 
  it 's like you did n't even fucking read my comment . 
  which is only played by a tiny minority of magic players . 
  printing 95 % of the cards for < 5 % of the players is idiotic . 
  lol, 
   always, 
   always, 
   always, 
   always, 
   always, 
   always, 
   always, 
  he did n't say `` green is good at card draw '' . 
  he said `` green has always been good at card draw '' . 
  that 's * simply not true * . 
  yes . 
  most players are very casual . 
  they like effects like overrun . 
  they think dual lands are boring . 
  and those adventures were not designed by the developers of the game . 
  that 's the point . 
   and that 's a problem because ... ? 
  because they 're wastes of development time and design time . 
  instead of printing cards that might actually be useful to players in the future , they spend huge amounts of development time on limited . 
  draft is not the least popular format , but it 's * much * less popular than modern or standard . 
   if it was the exact same limited format every year that would be boring . 
  again , viewing the entire game through the lens of limited , it probably looks fine . 
  when you are n't interested in limited ( like , oh , i do n't know , 90 % of magic players ) , it looks like a pretty bloody twisted development team that spends the vast majority of their resources on a tiny group of players . 
  ha true, 
   seeing as rare lands are frequently some of the most in-demand cards from a given set, 
  the vast majority of magic players are casual players . 
  they do n't trade much if at all . 
  they open booster packs to get cards from them . 
  they want to get fun cards they can play with . 
  they do n't care about financial value . 
  they love big splashy effects like overrun . 
  and they think dual lands are really boring . 
  that 's a fair point , but it does n't take away from the fact that it 's a bend , not a break . 
  bends are fine . 
  ... okay ?
