  blaming the state of the economy on muldoon would be like blaming the gfc on helen clark or john key . 
  it 's unethical for a polling company to suppress their results because they do n't fit their biases . 
  if they did n't publish these polls , it would be following the herd . 
  it would be an attempt to avoid sticking out . 
  but that 's wrong . 
  if everyone just publishes polls that agree with the existing polls , then we 'll not get an accurate picture . 
  that 's bad for everyone . 
  if labour gets a bigger share of votes and forty fewer seats there will be fucking riots in the streets , and there should be !, 
  it 's completely undemocratic . 
  the conservatives have successfully gerrymandered their way into a position where they can almost guarantee a win no matter the result . 
  because they were * all * inaccurate . 
  that 's why herding is the safe choice . 
  if you just publish things that are in line with your competitors , then you all look inaccurate or all look accurate . 
  that 's why herding should be illegal . 
  nah it makes sense that some people will say that . 
  any socialist will consider every single one of those papers right-wing , including the guardian . 
   much like how the tories are likely to win comfortably thanks to brexit rather than anything on may 's part . 
  why would brexit have a positive impact on the tories vote ? 
  brexit is unanimously agreed to be an unmitigated disaster . 
  is that still true ? 
  i think that was rather a long time ago . 
  nobody has sideboard hate for tes . 
  it 's for ant . 
  tes is irrelevant . 
  and i do n't know why . 
  it 's a good deck . 
  it 's just never played . 
  there are lots of successful , profitable mmorpgs . 
  neverwinter is not the same as neverwinter nights . 
  nwn was an amazing rpg . 
  neverwinter is awful . 
   wizards of the coast , which has pretty decent quality control, 
  they certainly do not, 
  wotc is n't making it, 
  which is the main problem with it . 
  it 's an incredibly good game , probably the single best game ever , but it 's hampered by its business model . 
  it would be the biggest thing out there , guaranteed , if it had a sane business model . 
   yeah dude so have most other companies, 
  when was the last time obsidian made a bad game ? 
  bdo is n't old, 
  rubbish . 
  it is an expansion . 
  yeah wtf runescape is the only sandbox out there other than eve . 
  because it fucking sucks, 
  there are a billion ` omg wildstar is awesome why does nobody play it ' threads in this subreddit . 
  go read them . 
   i have n't really thought it out , but i would really love to see a microtransaction system based on actually supporting the game . 
  what about this : no microtransactions at all !, 
  zero microtransactions . 
  that this is a ` dream feature ' instead of absolutely standard is disgusting to me . 
  selling anything including cosmetics is worthless . 
   and they overpurchased new hardware to support the player base . 
   for a very long time rift was the example of how you do a cash shop right . 
  that 's not true at all . 
  rift has been pay to win for literally the entire time it has had a cash shop . 
  dota 2 , as much as it is fun , has microtransactions and a cash shop . 
  does n't matter that they 're cosmetic only . 
  do n't take either . 
  do n't support games with any microtransactions at all . 
   obviously p2p is the better choice, 
  it 's the only choice that i will support , and it 's the only choice you should support too . 
   would you rather cosmetics or scrolls of success for upgrading , tell me that ? 
  they 're equivalent to me . 
  they are both enough for me to say ' i will never play that game ' . 
  the quick brown fox jumps over the lazy dog, 
  no , it is n't . 
  i disagree i think it 's perfectly fine . 
  the premise of the thread is that rift was ruined by having microtransactions . 
  the entire point of the thread is that cash shop ruined rift . 
   you might not like trion but that simply is n't the case . 
  yes it is . 
   before they added earring slots to the rift store and before all the archage drama rift was frequently recommend on here and forums in general as the free to play mmo with the fairest cash shop . 
  by morons that do n't consider ** literally selling gear ** to be pay-to-win . 
  i mean how fucking dumb does someone have to be that they do n't consider it to be pay to win when a game sells * raiding gear * . 
  no offense intended , but i do n't think you understand mmorpgs and why they were good before wow , if you think that selling cosmetics would be okay . 
  selling cosmetics is completely unacceptable . 
  it defeats the entire point of playing the game . 
  in the end , nearly all mmorpgs are structured in such a way that the only things that actually stick around permanently are cosmetics . 
  from the moment trion added a cash shop to rift , it has sold gear . 
  this gear completely trivialises everything except the final raid tier . 
  this is stupid pay-to-win garbage . 
  there are plenty of people out there that want to play * actual * rpgs , whether they 're mmo or not . 
  by ` actual ' rpgs , i mean games that really involve roleplaying : playing a role . 
  today ` rpg ' seems to mean ` roll-playing game ' to a lot of people . 
  it just means any game where your character has some stats and you roll a die to do things . 
  but that 's not what defines a true rpg . 
  rpgs are about a world with verisimilitude . 
  if an mmorpg aimed at the people that liked games like fallout 1 & 2 , baldur 's gate 1 & 2 , planescape torment , ultima online , old-style muds , etc. 
  came out , it could be very successful with those people . 
  but it would also attract many people that never played those games . 
  it 's not like you have to be a certain age to enjoy that sort of gameplay . 
  it 's not like enjoying that type of gameplay is something that is only possible if you were born between 1970 and 1975 . 
   the solution is significant xp boost while in groups . 
  no , it is n't . 
  that sort of thing is just * part * of it . 
  you ca n't fix the design of a game like wow with something this small and simplistic . 
  it requires a different approach to the game . 
  you need to design , from the ground up , with the goals you have . 
  if you did that to a game like wow today , people would group up , sure , but not in any really meaningful way . 
  they 'd form a party , do some stuff , then leave the party again .
