  just a quick look at the data would show you this . 
  they do n't control their own currency . 
  if they controlled their own currency they would not be in the same boat . 
  this is * completely * due to their lack of monetary sovereignty , due to being in the eurozone . 
  you can read my recent submission to this subreddit if you do n't understand why surpluses are economically harmful . 
   you 've repeatedly made claims without a single iota of data to back them up . 
  as have you , with the exception of your misleading graph about health funding . 
  i assume you must think that scientology is a science as well . 
  it has science in the name !, 
   giving pubic services little to work with in terms of their budgets ? 
  this is lowering spending . 
  lowering spending decreases the amount of money going to the private sector ( individuals and businesses in nz ) , mainly by directly reducing the amount of money going to people employed by the government ( who are part of the private sector ) and partly by reducing the amount of money the government directly gives to people through benefits . 
  as far as i 'm aware the government did n't generate any significant income from selling the assets . 
  they sold assets , got capital , and spent it to rebuild a city . 
  okay so you 're trolling , that 's good to know . 
   scientology was founded by the astrophysicist l. ron hubbard, 
  science fiction author l. ron hubbard , actually . 
   and all of his statements are backed up with nothing but empirical evidence . 
  that 's the most hilarious thing i 've ever read . 
   it ca n't even properly be called a ` religion ' , since everything about it is based purely in fact . 
  correct , it 's properly called a cult . 
  there 's another side to the argument ` the government should just print enough money to finance all required public services , pay everyone a ubi , get rid of public debt and get rid of gst and the lower income tax brackets ' or something similar , which i did n't make . 
  that argument is the point about that being inflationary . 
  the key point i 'm making is twofold : one , surpluses negatively affect the economy by contracting the economy and two , when we underutilise resources the government can safely increase expenditure without creating significant inflation . 
  but yes , of course it will be inflationary if the economy ca n't keep pace with government spending and there 's lots of money but no new production of goods . 
  if the money comes about through wages/salaries of jobs that are productive , we should be safe . 
  schools generally will not offer accounting . 
  you definitely do n't need to do it at high school to do it at uni . 
  holy shit i ca n't tell if you 're seriously a scientologist or trolling now . 
  good work . 
  that 's impressive . 
  or scary . 
   only serves to prove your backwards theistic ideology . 
  i 'm not a theist . 
  at the same time , you lose neighbourhood community feeling . 
  that 's just the reality of it . 
  you do n't know all your neighbours anymore . 
  they 're not all friendly local people . 
  i do n't know anyone not down my driveway . 
   but do n't you think you 're just saying that because people are ethnically asian/look asian , they 're not new zealanders ? 
  no , it 's because they 're not kiwis . 
  they 're foreign immigrants . 
  they are n't part of our culture . 
  if they are part of our culture , then our culture has changed and it 's too late already . 
  i have multiple accounts . 
  none of them are / u/chicken _ jacker . 
  i 'm pretty sure this is the only one that uses / r/newzealand . 
   assuming the current 4.5 million people currently residing in nz were born in new zealand ( it 's probably much lower ) ,, 
  iirc about 25 % of our population were n't born here . 
  a contingency for ... what ? 
  people suddenly becoming 10x as fertile ? 
  humanity collectively forgetting about the existence of contraception forever ? 
  nz is not going to grow to 10 million people through anything but massive immigration . 
  we control that . 
  we do n't need to plan for the possibility of it happening . 
  glad to see comments like this finally being upvoted . 
  it 's been a long time since you could say ' i want my country to be for me and people like me ' . 
  self-determination , yo . 
  chinese people get a country , i want a country for kiwis . 
  if anyone wants to come here , have barbeques , be uncorrupt , laugh at australians thinking they created pavlova , be confused by cricket and pull little girls ' ponytails then they 're welcome . 
  people actually advocate that though . 
  i think it 's because they totally lack empathy so they find it hard to understand that others can have empathy for people with different gender/skin colour/profession/social class/ethnicity . 
  new zealanders having kids is important , we want to keep our population growing at a steady rate . 
  encouraging people to have kids is a good thing . 
  not having kids is n't responsible , it 's unnatural . 
  i 'd like to see this broken down by country , specifically by splitting on countries that integrate well ( uk , australia , ireland ) vs. countries whose immigrants integrate poorly ( us , india ) vs. countries whose immigrants do n't tend to integrate at all ( china , pacific islanders ) . 
  i expect high historical immigration tended to be from the uk and ireland mainly , which is our mother country . 
  we should be fairly open to immigrants from the uk . 
  we should be much more careful with immigrants from countries where the citizens tend not to integrate as well . 
  in particular , ghettoisation and such is likely to cause problems in nz cities in the near future . 
  look at riccarton for example . 
  nice meme but it actually is n't hard to find at all . 
  b-b-b-b-b-but m-m-m-m-m-muh g-g-g-g-gateway drug !!!!!, 
  what 's up with education ? 
   expecting a stranger to pay for your childs upkeep, 
  i think you mean ` expecting society to contribute to the well being of children ' . 
   or being practical ( like people have throughout history ) and thinking hmmm can we really afford 3 kids and be self reliant ? 
  i think you mean ` thinking that you are an island , totally divorced from the rest of society , and that society contributing to your childrens ' welfare is shameful ' . 
  the government spends * way * more on education than it does on benefits for people with kids . 
  as already very clearly explained printing money does n't cause inflation unless the economy is incapable of producing more goods and services to satisfy demand . 
  our economy is very capable of that . 
  the government owns and controls the currency . 
  it is not magic it is just reality . 
  there is nothing to ` pay off ' . 
  deficit spending is not the same as your debt or my debt . 
  reserve currency or not makes no difference . 
  all governments everywhere have all run deficits almost all the time forever . 
  deficits do n't involve borrowing so no your point makes no sense sorry . 
  chris finlayson ? 
  the entire labour party ? 
  because immigrants vote national . 
  people do n't understand it, 
  well it is the definition . 
  it 's essentially chinatown . 
  none of what you said is true, 
  that 's absolutely terrible for our economy and completely unnecessarily, 
  that 's an idiotic easy of looking at it, 
  no you idiot it has nothing to do with skin colour . 
  what is wrong with you ? 
  it 's not literally printing money .
