  it just does n't make sense in a delver deck . 
  delver decks are tempo decks . 
  nobody is going to play necropotence in a tempo deck , it just makes no sense in that strategy . 
  change them to what , and why ? 
  no , it refers to decks that use a low land count supplemented by * card filtering * . 
  street wraith/gitaxian probe effects do n't let you reduce your land count . 
  it has nothing to do with mmr differences . 
  you either have too many people that want to go mid or you do n't . 
  if you do , then you need to settle the difference somehow . 
  there 's no such thing as a ` mid player ' . 
  this is n't league of legends . 
  everyone plays everything . 
   people recognize that letting the high mmr 's play what they want gives them the best chance of winning the game . 
  but it does n't unless the gap is in the thousands . 
   if your goal is winning , then you should give up your role any time someone is higher rated than you wants it, 
  mmr is n't granular enough for this to be true . 
  lol this is why they should never have added the ` highest mmr player ' indicator . 
  everyone predicted it would lead to stupid people saying things like this . 
  face it mate , 500 mmr is not a meaningful gap . 
   that 's just categorically incorrect . 
  by running street wraith/gitaxian probe decks absolutely can use lower land counts . 
  you might be able to cut a land per playset . 
  with cantrips you can run 14 mana producing lands in a deck like rug delver . 
   even if you wish to disregard death shadow decks , the pyromancer ascension versions of storm could run significantly fewer lands than modern day versions in part due to g. probe , and infect as a deck too ran light on lands with the playset of probes . 
  combo decks are never ` turbo xerox ' decks . 
  that refers only to tempo decks . 
  i do n't play against noobs that do n't know the rules . 
  that 's not how averages work . 
  if you have a team with mmrs 1000\u00a01200\u00a01200\u00a01200 1250 then the average mmr will be 1170 and by your calculation the ` minimum ' mmr would be 1250 - 1170 = 1090 . 
  except there 's a player with 1000 mmr in the game , so that 's obviously not the minimum . 
  report for communication abuse does n't actually do anything in dota or csgo, 
  they do n't . 
  we 're not talking about super-high mmr players . 
  everything about it is horrible . 
  nothing really impactful though, 
  without effective artifacts workshops is n't good . 
  bazaar would still be completely broken without dredge . 
  bazaar was banned in legacy long before dredge was printed . 
   currently he 's one of those heroes that can not be viable in pubs without being op in pro games , and can not be balanced in pro play without being trash in pubs, 
  rubbish . 
  icefrog could go back to balancing the game properly rather than buffing heroes until they 're op then dumpstering them into oblivion . 
  and shops is n't overpowered * without mentor existing * . 
  nope , not true . 
  shops is good because mentor is legal . 
   i think that the card is problematic because it 's difficult to interact with the combo unless you have countermagic and/or land destruction . 
  in other words it 's not difficult to interact with . 
   and even then , the deck does n't have too hard a time winning through disruption . 
  and yet despite all the qualities you ascribe to it , it 's not a very good deck competitively . 
   another important thing to note is that the card is only non-legendary as the rules at the time when it was printed were different - wotc did n't want players to be forced to sacrifice their own valakut if an opponent put one into play . 
  and ? 
  that 's not how ban/restricted decisions are made . 
   i do not believe that the intended play pattern for valakut was for players to put multiple copies into play and go wild with their triggers . 
  i do n't think street wraith was meant to be used with death 's shadow . 
  i do n't think cascade cards were meant to be used with restore balance/living end/ancestral vision . 
  i do n't think tarmogoyf or rancor were meant to be as good as they are . 
  modern is good because it is n't just playing the cards as they were intended to be played in midrange mirrors in standard . 
  if i wanted to play cards as wotc intended them , i 'd play standard and draft . 
   does that make the card worthy of a ban ? 
  maybe , but i 'm mostly just surprised that valakut and several other problematic cards were n't even mentioned in the b&r announcement . 
  what is there to mention ? 
  they do n't mention cards unless they get banned or unbanned . 
  there is no deck that valakut is in that is drastically overpowered . 
  cards get banned because ** the deck they are in ** is drastically overpowered and they are the best card to ban to fix that problem . 
  cards do n't get banned because someone theorises that in a vacuum they 're ` too powerful ' or ` not interactive enough ' . 
  cards used to also get banned to ` shake up the meta ' but thankfully that does n't seem to happen anymore . 
  the reasons modern is a bad format have n't changed since they were common knowledge 3-4 years ago . 
  what more do you need said ? 
  yes . 
  they absolutely should . 
  there 's nothing vague about it . 
   do you feel that electrical engineer appropriates the connotation behind professional engineer ? 
  no , because that 's a proper certified engineering specialisation . 
   are you aware that there is professional engineer exam for software engineering ? 
  and people without it should n't call themselves software engineer . 
   are you aware that most people with an engineering degree working in an engineering position are not professional engineers ? 
  they are * required to be * by law if they call themselves ` engineer ' . 
  if you are n't an engineer with an engineering degree then you are n't an engineer at all . 
  no there are n't . 
  ` engineer ' does n't depend on capitalisation . 
  if you call yourself an ` engineer ' you 're still committing fraud . 
   for example , i am an electrical engineer - lowercase e. i graduated from an accredited school with a bachelor of science in electrical engineering , but because i do n't work in anything involving civil/government/codes / etc , i did not find it useful to pass the fe/pe . 
  thus , i can call myself an engineer , as long as it is completely clear that i am not a profession engineer , capital e . so if my business card says `` electrical engineer at consumer electronics company , silicon design , '' there is no question : i am not selling myself as a licensed engineer . 
  maybe in your awful country , but in 90 % of the western world , no . 
  ` engineer ' means professional engineer . 
  same thing . 
  i do n't think mmr gaps of less than 500 are really particularly significant in my experience . 
  there are so many more factors that go into a match that even if it has an effect it 's probably very marginal . 
  you do n't represent all new players . 
   you do n't play tournaments , then ? 
  noobs that do n't know the rules do n't play in tournaments . 
   but if that 's the case , i do n't see the `` strategic depth . '', 
  just look at the card . 
  what is there to see or not see ? 
  you have to make decisions taking into account whether you want to cast it with one or two or zero targets in which case this matters . 
  it adds and complicates decisions , which is a good thing . 
   i see what seems to be strategic depth based on one player doing something that the other player did n't expect because they misunderstand the current rules . 
  no , it has nothing at all to do with misunderstanding the rules , at all . 
   at best , maybe there 's some bluffing strategy around which modes to choose if you do n't want to get the non-targeted part countered . 
  but even then , the bluffing power shifts to the player who might have the cryptic and who would still get to draw or tap out the other side . 
  no it 's not about bluffing .
