  and the number of without-notice applications to the family court ? 
  that has nothing to do with gender bias or your claim that you can ` abuse it very easily ' . 
  a system that can be abused is fundamentally a system that has a problem . 
  the reason the system can be abused is because the system is biased towards women in a way that allows particularly nasty women ( not all women , just some of them , before you call me a misogynist ) to abuse the system . 
  but the system is also just biased against men in the first instance . 
  new zealand has always had a high turnout compared to the uk and the us . 
  yet new zealand has a lower turnout than we used to , and when you compare countries with complicated systems to countries with simple systems , simple systems are easier to understand and easier to vote in and have better turnout . 
  the us has an absurdly complicated electoral system that turns people away . 
  they have elections bloody constantly , they elect a huge number of different positions , their ballots have lots of propositions on them in many states , they have state elections , they have local elections , etc. 
  they also have stringent voter id requirements in many areas which depress turnout . 
  i just find it amazing how many people seem to think that ` many ' and ` all ' are synonyms . 
  lots of young voters voting is going to mean more left-wing voting . 
  saying that the article saying this ` lives in a world where young nats does n't exist ' is just fundamentally ignorant and stupid . 
  most young people support left-wing policies and parties . 
  nobody is saying that means literally all of them do , and this article does n't rest on the assumption they all do . 
  more youth voting will mean more left-wing youth voting , and more right-wing youth voting , but there are more left-wing youth than right-wing youth . 
  it 's not a complicated concept , * at all * . 
   the guy sounds like a bit of an idiot to be honest , he probably sends out a similar e-mail every year . 
  you sound like a bit of a c student to be honest , you probably get emails like this every year . 
   the thing is people often have other responsibilities to juggle ( other courses , part-time work ) . 
  unlike in the good old days uni is n't free and student allowances are n't universal . 
  does n't matter . 
  people have more than enough time to study for tests and do assignments . 
  i bet my left nut that 95 % of the people that failed this test were not working on their assignments and studying 24/7 , only barely getting them done , and struggling and failing . 
  maybe a couple , but the vast majority just could n't be bothered . 
  laziness , pure and simple . 
   is uni significantly easier than it used to be ? 
  i have no idea . 
  but i doubt it , the curriculum in many subjects seems essentially unchanged for decades . 
  university just is easier than it used to be . 
  much easier . 
  hand-holding is much more prevalent . 
  add to that , that significant amounts of material has been introduced to university courses that used to be taught at high school ( in mathematics and physics , at least ) which has reduced the difficulty all the way through as real content is pushed out of the way by introductory material . 
  pressures from universities to ensure that students do n't have overly rigid degree structures have led to many courses spending weeks on introductory material that is covered in previous courses but is n't a requirement because of low pass rates in the course that should be a requirement . 
  lots of computer science courses at uc required stats knowledge , but knowing that lots of people come to university without any real understanding or training in stats , what did the university do ? 
  no , not make stats compulsory for computer science students so they had a good grounding , no way . 
  they just spend 2 weeks on basic stats shit at the beginning of every compsci course that required it . 
  good one uc . 
  this sort of thing - courses having lax requirements and reteaching intro material to unprepared students - is common across courses , across subjects , and across universities . 
  it means there 's much less time to introduce new material . 
  lecturers are dragged over hot coals for low pass rates , so standards have naturally gone down . 
  in the past , teaching a difficult course that really challenged students was considered a point of pride , and while it perhaps got a little sadistic in a few cases , overall it led to university being something you could really be proud of . 
  people still had plenty of time to go drinking at the pub , and passed fine , so it 's not like it was impossible . 
  it was just challenging , which is what universities should be . 
   by 3rd year many people are disillusioned by the courses . 
  they are probably now thinking where is this biology degree really going to lead ? 
  does it even matter if i learn this material or not ? 
  certainly when i did a science degree that was what i started to think ( well in first year to be honest ) . 
  you sound very unimaginative . 
   i understand why people do n't go to lectures - they are typically dull and a bad way to learn material . 
  some papers i nearly skipped all the lectures , frankly i found them more discouraging than enlightening . 
  normally i just read the textbook and/or course notes . 
  lectures are still used because they 're demonstrably a good way to teach . 
  they 've been used for hundreds of years . 
  lots of things about the way we teach are completely different from how they were , for the better , and lectures have changed a lot . 
  presentational slides instead of just writing on a blackboard , being able to show videos of things happening on projectors , all sorts of wonderful improvements . 
  but fundamentally , lectures are still the best model to actually get information across to people . 
   if anyone is thinking about going to uni in future , i would strongly discourage you from spending time and money on any course that does n't have a clearly defined path to a career with ample pay and job opportunities . 
  the attitude that universities exist so that people can go and do training for a ` career with ample pay and job opportunities ' is a cancer eating away at the heart of academia . 
   i 'm no fan of the mmp seats , as they can be gamed , but can see the advantage of having local representation and campaigns ... but then there 's the list vote to add the fair representation . 
  the list vote does n't add ` fair representation ' , because you have n't actually explained why that 's fair or desirable . 
  you 're just assuming it . 
  what is fair and desirable is a system where voting can enact real change . 
  in the uk , they very nearly had jeremy corbyn elected , which would have been real genuine change . 
  their electoral system got brexit , which i disagree with but the british public do n't . 
  it 's real change . 
  in new zealand , we do n't have real change . 
  both parties are close enough to the same thing . 
  the opportunity for real change ca n't happen when the other parties push the major parties towards the centre and make the electoral process about * turnout * and * capturing the centre * . 
  if we 're just voting for slight variations on the same thing , then it does n't matter one fucking bit how fair the representation is , imo , because it 's pointless . 
   everyone has a right to have their vote , each as valuable as the next otherwise it 's just elitist . 
  everyone has the right to have their vote under fpp as well . 
  the right to vote and the requirement to vote are different . 
  people have a right not to vote . 
   and yep compulsory means all on the electoral register . 
  spoil the vote for all i care , vote monster raving , or any local campaign , each would place a ballot, 
  i have n't asked you what compulsory means . 
  i know what it means . 
  i 'm asking you * why * you think it is a good idea . 
   so it 's essentially an argument against compromise and negotiation and governance by consensus ? 
  yes , it is , because in my opinion that inevitably leads to the worship of the status quo and stagnation . 
   i like that in our system , the `` winning party '' , unless they get an absolute majority , ca n't just steamroll through legislation just for the sake of doing things -- even when there is no consensus , and have to compromise and negotiate with other parties to get things done . 
  if you get a majority , then there is consensus . 
  either way you only need a majority . 
  having to compromise and negotiate with other parties does n't require consensus . 
  in fact , it means that the government can have less than majority support . 
  ` just for the sake of doing things ' ? 
  come on , that 's leading wording . 
  structural reform is a good thing . 
  we need fresh new ideas . 
  we need change . 
  we ca n't just sit and do the same thing over and over again like we have been doing . 
  we have no real power as voters if our votes always end up either electing centre-left and centre-right , alternating every 9 years . 
  that 's a holding pattern . 
   i do n't understand your first point . 
  our two main parties are already pretty centrist and not that radical , so how would more minor parties push them to be more centrist ? 
  the reason that they 're ` pretty centrist and not that radical ' is the minor parties that exist . 
  you 've got cause and effect the wrong way around . 
  they 're centrist now , and that 's a problem , and we should go back to fpp to undo that . 
  that 's what i 'm saying .
