  they should still be able to live in dignity . 
  compared to the capital gains on their property portfolios ? 
  they pay nothing . 
  do n't be ridiculous . 
  we can look at the policies national has enacted and labour 's response to them . 
  and the policies national has enacted that labour has most opposed are all * fucking horrific * . 
   but we should n't be giving millionaires extra cash for their retirement . 
  i already said ` we can work out what the tax rates should be on people earning to offset that ' . 
  a universal basic income does n't mean that everyone is just given extra money and nothing offsets that . 
  of course the result of this will be that rich retirees will pay more tax on their wealth and income . 
  that will , for those that can afford it , be more than they get from the government . 
  a basic income is extremely simple to implement and manage . 
  it means there will be never be a situation in which you earn less by getting a job , which is a big problem . 
  the poor should earn $ 15/hr more if they get a job compared to not working , not $ 1/hr because they lose their benefit . 
  there 's little incentive to work , we have to * force * people to look for a job or they lose their benefit , which is inhumane for a start . 
  fuck i hate americans . 
  that 's americans though , they say `` one hundred five '' and `` february 3 '', 
  yes they can . 
  that 's the only thing that can be compared . 
  oh come on you know lots of people hold exactly those views . 
  nobody has a problem with people in an ethnic group having a sports team . 
  the issue is indoctrinating children . 
  yeah, 
  he also said he 'd not raise gst , then when elected pretty much immediately raised gst . 
  he 's a lying cunt and that he managed to raise gst immediately after saying he would n't and * get reelected * continues to amaze me . 
  i 'm not saying it 's guaranteed to be a paradise . 
  i know that a * lot * of what national has done that i disagree with would n't have been done by labour . 
  here, 
   then go have the law changed if you 're so smart and morally superior . 
  i 'd love it to be changed . 
   citation needed . 
  and in case you did n't realise , we live in new zealand . 
  no , citation not needed . 
  this is very well-known . 
  we live in nz , and we do n't want nz to turn into france . 
   it 's much more accurate and charitable than just calling you a cunt . 
  reported . 
   but gets that added to their previous benefit so they are earning more than person a ? 
  no , because i did n't say that . 
  as it says on the basic income website , ' a basic income is a periodic cash payment unconditionally delivered to all on an individual basis , without means-test or work requirement . ', 
  everyone over the age of 65 already gets this . 
  we should extend it to everyone . 
  everyone gets it . 
  we would obviously have to raise taxes to pay for it , but it would seriously boost the economy ( because the poor spend all their income and drive growth , we 'd have * massive * economic growth if we did this ) and that would offset it , * and * it would just be a rebalancing . 
  it 's a much easier way to administer the system we already have , which is a progressive taxation system with benefits . 
  at the same time it gets rid of the negative benefits of working . 
  if you get a job , you lose your benefit , so getting a job is very unappealing . 
  better : everyone gets $ 20,000 / yr basic income , if you get a minimum wage full time job then you get an additional $ 33,800 / yr , which would obviously be taxed . 
  we 'd get rid of a whole host of hard-and-demeaning-to-administer benefits in the process . 
  then they 're evading tax , which is illegal , and they should be reported to the ird . 
   tipping ( when combined with low unskilled pay rates ) does make some business offerings viable . 
  valet parking , bell-hops etc. 
  no , it creates wasteful pointless jobs like valet parking and bag carrying . 
   have you ever considered why what you 're proposing wo n't ? 
  political correctness . 
   can we not use shitty math to justify it . 
  maths , not math . 
  every party is against tax evasion , and every party wants to prosecute poorly paid hospitality workers for not paying tax on their tips . 
  nobody thinks ` oh my god how mean , making them pay their fair share !!! ', 
  it 's incoherent to be against religious indoctrination in schools ? 
  what the fuck does that even mean . 
  a single thing ca n't be incoherent . 
  incoherence only applies to groups . 
  it 's not at all untenable . 
  it will happen , when labour is elected . 
  how about fuck off ? 
  i do n't want to see 6 million new zealanders . 
  ever . 
  let alone 10 . 
   norway is a lot closer to their markets then we are so i do n't think they 're as great a model for nz as you may think . 
  distance does n't affect much in terms of trade these days . 
   we have a lot more issues to overcome then they do when it comes to ensuring a good quality of life . 
  because of this exact issue : we ca n't even control population growth . 
   i think , with respect ( i do n't really want 10 million people either ) , that the article is right . 
  we should prepare for this because it may happen whether we like it or not . 
  that 's not how things work . 
  we control it entirely . 
  the issue is n't whether we ` have room ' , the question is whether we want to use that room to build noise-polluting , light-polluting , air-polluting , water-polluting , ground-polluting cities . 
  that 's not the reason they 're well-off . 
  nz has plenty of natural resources , we have plenty of ways to make money . 
  we are n't a poor country any more than we choose to be . 
  china , korea and japan have a lot of very highly advanced factories . 
  we could have them . 
  they are n't actually reliant on cheap labour . 
  the factories are so , so much more expensive than the labour that the labour could be 10x more expensive and it would barely impact their costs . 
  no , not really . 
  ` bigger companies ' is n't a good thing anyway . 
  growth does n't consume resources . 
  turning labour into information grows the economy and does n't consume significant resources . 
   remember kids , if you are n't growing you are stagnant , and that might as well be death if you 're an economist :-p, 
  that is not true . 
  auckland would n't have * fewer cars * with thrice as many people . 
  it would have fewer cars * per person * but it would still have * way * more cars than it does now . 
  whether you like it or not , mmp had pretty much exactly zero impact on our decline in voter turnout . 
   millenials ( of which i am one ) are notorious for a vocal political minority and a majority that does n't vote . 
  do n't blame us . 
  but we do n't need to . 
  and we do n't want to . 
  and we should n't . 
  and no , we ca n't really .
