  yes it does . 
  it literally always does . 
  top-down , simple graphics , simple gameplay etc. 
  are the reasons that it can have all the things people love about it . 
  not a good argument , and you know it . 
  yes , it really really does . 
  anecdotes are not the population . 
  the population on a whole consume much more than we did at any time in history before now . 
  hooting mandrills in rug delver is just such an awful nonbo with goyf . 
  i know that you only really need one threat at a time , which makes it less of an issue , but it still is really unfortunate when you ruin your goyf with delve . 
  i also really do n't see how stubborn denial is good . 
  if you do n't control a big threat , it 's strictly worse than spell pierce . 
  if you do , then your gameplan is working and spell pierce should be enough . 
  also insectile aberration does n't turn it on . 
  question : how does trample work with protection ? 
  can you trample over 3 damage when they block your mandrills with tnn ? 
  they * objectively * do . 
  personally one of the things i love about spell pierce is that you can get people that play around daze . 
  when you flip a delver with a daze and your opponent waits for 5 lands to play jace , getting it with a spell pierce feels * so good * . 
  denial seems amazing when it 's a hard counter , 1-mana negate is nothing to be scoffing at , but it does n't present the obvious problem that it 's a card that 's better when you 're ahead and worse when you 're behind . 
  i really wonder if we want * more * of those in rug delver . 
  actually , given that there are already a tonne of those in rug delver ( stifle , daze , etc. 
  ) , maybe we do ? 
  i 'll give you the mandrills point , but it still feels odd , and i think that nimble mongoose has got much * better * with the top ban , not worse . 
  it 's definitely a nonbo with mongoose , which is surely better than a trampling 4/4 . 
  [ [ beacon of immortality ] ], 
  old school rs is full of microtransactions . 
  yeah i think that 's the main problem . 
  the sound quality is n't noticeably lower and the ads are super infrequent with the free version . 
  maybe it 's because they are in a web browser and adblock blocks them ? 
   where i am standing 77 % of the people around me are not obese . 
  i 'm pretty sure i could travel across the country and never find that statistic realised . 
  are you white ? 
   because nz does n't subsidise farmers , consumers or food . 
  new zealand absolutely does subsidise farmers . 
  farmers get water for free !, 
  completely for free !, 
  they also do n't pay for the environmental damage they directly cause . 
  they 're massively subsidised . 
   dairy is a de facto monopoly, 
  what, 
  `` our tax system is amazing because we tax poor people at extremely regressive rates on their basic needs '', 
  nothx, 
  that 's not an agreement . 
  there 's just no reason to change . 
  if they changed their prices , they 'd all immediately follow , so they know that if they reduced their prices they 'd just be cutting into their own profits for very little gain in market share . 
  maori wards are undemocratic and wrong . 
  if maori are 15 % , 2 % or 80 % of the population of a region then they will automatically , through the simple application of statistics , get 15 % , 2 % or 80 % of the votes . 
  if they choose not to vote , or choose not to vote for maori people , that 's entirely their choice . 
  trying to force the portion of a council that is maori up is undemocratic and wrong . 
  perhaps consider that most maori are n't interested in ` maori issues ' but are just interested in normal issues everyone else is interested in . 
  they vote for people that deal with those issues . 
  maori candidates are much more likely to be focused on maori and iwi issues . 
  this means that they 're leaving out a huge portion of the maori that could vote for them but choose not to . 
  that 's just a hypothesis though . 
  it 's also racist and wrong to assume and imply that maori can only be represented by maori people or that white people always represent ` white interests ' . 
  that 's just offensive . 
  putting your money in the bank is n't very good for the economy . 
  spending stimulates growth . 
  it really does n't . 
  for example , just do n't allow companies to offset their overseas cost from their taxes . 
   it 's not a hatred of bludgers or even a lack of empathy , but people are sick of increasingly supporting those who willing make bad decisions . 
  and even if this is n't true there is a growing lack of self-responsibility that many people do n't want to support . 
  often `` bludger '' is just synonymous with `` lazy '' in many people 's eyes . 
  there are real problems , people know that , but there are also people who just ca n't get out of bed on time in order to hold a job, 
  i do n't disagree that this is an issue . 
  cutting welfare or doing away with it wo n't deal with this issue though . 
  we need better education , better preventative healthcare , better community policing , better public services * across the board * . 
  we need to give people jobs , so they can get * some * experience and become employable . 
   the labour party does not come across as competent . 
  personally i think grant robertson and david parker are the only two labour candidates i 'd work for . 
  when you listen to these people you have confidence in them . 
  when you listen to chris hipkins , jacinda ardern , nanaia mahuta , you feel the exact opposite . 
  ( if this triggers you , i am trying to represent people who do n't already vote labour ), 
  because this is just force-fed to people through the media . 
  they 're told again , and again , and again that people see them as incompetent . 
  lots of studies have shown that if you say `` people think x '' people will start thinking x. 
  this is just propaganda . 
  i agree that certainly some of labour 's candidates are morons , but that 's true of any party . 
  how you can say ' i do n't like chris hipkins ' and then vote for the party of nick smith , simon bridges , anne tolley , ** corrupt judith collins ** , etc. 
  is mind-boggling . 
  simon bridges is confident because he 's a worm . 
   the people above , and the party in general , come across as quite pretentious . 
  lines like the commentator below me - `` most of the populace lacks critical thinking '' - add weight to that, 
  the champagne socialists do have a tendency towards pretentiousness . 
  unfortunately , that 's because they 're * right * . 
  it 's hard to convince people not to be pretentious about being right when they 're right . 
  also , viewing the nats as ` confident ' while labour as ` arrogant ' is just your bias . 
  lots of people view things as exactly the other way around . 
   the left feels like it does not inspire success . 
  in fact most parties come across as if success without the government is impossible, 
  i do n't know what this even means . 
  yes they are not currently in government . 
  not everyone can be in government at once . 
  yes they 've lost elections . 
  someone has to lose the election . 
  sometimes victories will be big . 
   your average tradey does n't give a flying fuck how many genders their are . 
  neither does anyone in the labour party . 
  this ` lololol 1000 genders ' thing is something that only people on reddit care about .
