  that 's not a common misconception at all . 
  he * directly stated * something he knew not to be true . 
  it looks like it was designed for small children . 
  wtf are you even talking about ? 
  https://www.reddit.com/wiki/commenting < -- formatting help, 
  how does that make it a bad example ? 
  it 's an overly pushed creature that stifles diversity . 
  it was restricted for this reason . 
   the paperdoll is fine , nothing wrong with that . 
  though it can be restrictive , depending on how far you want to take the game . 
  skyrim , for instance , supports 60 slots to equip stuff , and a paperdoll equip screen would make playing with such numbers unruly at best . 
  60 slots to equip stuff is ridiculous . 
  what are you going to equip , five weapons at once ? 
  that 's just terrible . 
   but on the right ? 
  that 's pretty hideous . 
  identical items not stacked , no information , no way to sort ( much less multiple ways to sort , i.e. 
  by weight , size , price , etc ) . 
  no way to organize stuff in different folders or heirarchies . 
  there are only 28 slots . 
  this is on purpose , for balancing . 
  of course there 's no way to sort , there 's only 28 slots !, 
  why do you want to sort 28 items ? 
  identical items are n't stacked quite intentionally , lots of items do n't stack . 
  items that do stack , stack , but most items do n't because being able to carry around stacks of them would be massively overpowered . 
  again , why would you want to organise 28 things into a folder or hierarchy ? 
   what do people do when they play minecraft ? 
  they organize their inventory , in the game world , manually , using a substitute for folders , i.e. 
  chests . 
  good !, 
  that 's much better than some terrible artificial system where you 're magically capable of carrying an entire fortress worth of items on your character . 
  not at all . 
  gw2 and eso absolutely * do * make high level players much more powerful than low level players . 
  they just paper over it with level scaling . 
  please grow up . 
  showing that the same argument leads to a ridiculous conclusion when applied to other examples is not ` straw man ' . 
  it 's a valid argument . 
  you 're right though . 
  wow * is * p2w . 
   no , the solution is n't to unban twin , no that has n't been funny in awhile . 
  the solution to twin being banned for no good reason is in fact precisely to unban twin . 
  and no , it 's not funny , nobody is trying to be funny . 
  dismissing others ' as just ` being funny ' is shitty . 
   then you can segment it between weeks of complaining about tron and jerking off about how great twin was . 
  hey look , someone complaining about people complaining about tron * while having emrakul mentioned in his flair * . 
  i bet you are n't a tron player salty about the reality that your deck will get banned !, 
   what does that even mean ? 
  it means that it 's designed to appeal to small children . 
  what is so confusing about this ? 
  it looks like the sort of thing you 'd see in a children 's tv show . 
   first of all , if small children are n't able to read a game 's ui , the ui failed as a ui . 
  but no , that 's simply false . 
  dumbing down your game to the extent a child can play it does n't make it successful , it makes it dumbed down . 
   second , i do n't understand , like , what ? 
  where 's your line for `` ui for small children '' and `` ui for mature gamers such as myself '' ? 
  ah of course , the old `` omg no dividing line = no distinction !!!, 
  i 'm sure you 'll agree that these are completely identical : http://assets4.heart.co.uk/2015/01/teletubbies-1420709483-large-article-0.jpg https://i.ytimg.com/vi/uvix65xdj5a/maxresdefault.jpg, 
  the aesthetic in both are completely identical , obviously . 
  in no way would anyone describe the former as being targeted towards children . 
  no way !, 
  impossible !, 
   the rest of this topic shows you have a pretty irrational bias towards japanese games , but surely you must have some explanation . 
  disliking a genre of games is not irrational . 
  it 's absolutely played in legacy . 
  see mud . 
   you probably have a backlog that would take thousands of hours to get through, 
  that 's clearly not true . 
   talk about begging the question . 
  you presume the problem with the format is that twin is banned . 
  no , i assume that the problem with * twin being banned * is that twin is banned , which is trivially true . 
  i did n't say * the * problem with the * format * was twin being banned , but that twin being banned is a problem in general . 
  there is n't a single ` problem with the format ' ( perhaps excepting the existence of tron ) . 
   maybe not to you , but `` unban twin '' is , at this point , just a meme often used to be funny . 
  i do n't think it is . 
   hey look , a twin player salty about having to play something other than his pet deck . 
  join the club , bud . 
  i 'd be playing kikipod right now if i could . 
  i never played twin . 
  i was about to buy into it when it was banned . 
  really put me off . 
  i was about to buy into pod when it was banned . 
  i hoped the same thing would happen when i stated to several people that i was about to buy into sfm but apparently it only works with bannings and not with unbannings . 
  their ban announcement was blatantly idiotic . 
  oh my god imagine if there was like this * rule * that said that if a deck only won on turn 4 or later it was fine !, 
   this is terrible logic . 
  it 's literally ** trivially true ** . 
  it 's quite the opposite of terrible logic . 
  did you even read what i said ? 
  the solution to twin being banned is to unban twin . 
   not agreeing with their reasoning is one thing, 
  they did n't give any reasoning . 
  they dismissed out of hand the idea that twin should be unbanned and should never have been banned . 
   twin needed to go , that 's my opinion and you can disagree . 
  twin did n't need to go , that 's my opinion and you can disagree . 
  but i 'm going to actually back up my opinion with good argumentation instead of ` hurr durr my opinion get fucked scrub ' . 
  twin was n't oppressive . 
  twin did n't break the turn 4 rule . 
  twin did n't dominate the metagame either from a conversion rate perspective or from a top 8 placement perspective . 
  twin was n't an overly large proportion of the metagame . 
  twin did n't break the turn 4 rule .
