   you are underestimating the proportion of immigrants who are from the uk and australia . 
  everything i said applies equally to australia and the uk . 
  we are getting plenty of british , irish and australian tradies into new zealand , jobs that are technically treated as ` skilled ' but we should be doing in new zealand . 
  it 's fundamentally unfair that we 're accepting immigrants while our own citizens are sitting on benefits unable to get apprenticeships . 
   ( one of the most recent examples of that stupidity : removing the ability to apply for a work visa after completing a degree unless you leave the country . 
  so if someone comes and spends tens of thousands of pounds at oxford and graduates with first-class honours , they ca n't take a month or two after graduation to look for a job and add value to the british economy . 
  it 's off back home straight away . ), 
  i think this would be good for new zealand . 
  the reality is that if you come here on a student visa , it 's remarkably easy to get 5 or 10 people in here because they 're your family , or your partner , or your parents , or whatever other stupid reasons you can get people over here . 
  yeah we charge you foreign student fees , but then we more than make up for it . 
  if we absolutely banned people from bringing spouses unless their spouses qualify as immigrants in their own rights , we would be in a better position . 
  same with parents . 
  do n't want to leave your parents ? 
  do n't come to nz . 
  nz has an extremely easy path to citizenship . 
  we should have a much stricter path to citizenship . 
  people that should be able to apply to become citizens are people like my father , who emigrated to nz in 1953 with his family from ireland . 
  people that should n't be able to become citizens are people that have been permanent residents for 3 years and have planted a tree and sung the national anthem once , but * still * ca n't even speak english with the fluency you would expect of a 3-year-old child , let alone an adult . 
  you literally said `` the solution '' , which implies that it 's the one solution . 
  that 's grammar . 
   if a particular factor ( e.g. 
  political & economic stability ) is causing increased immigration , and you want to decrease immigration , then eliminating that factor is simply the obvious solution . 
  no , it is n't . 
  that 's childish thinking . 
  it 's simply wrong . 
  you 're just trying to make people that want reasonable immigration levels look like they want economic and political instability . 
  nobody has a ` human right ' to be a new zealand resident , a new zealand permanent resident , or a new zealand citizen , unless they were born in nz or their parents were born in nz . 
  every single other person is here by privilege . 
  or , guess what , we could actually make nz citizenship meaningful . 
  raise the requirement to continuously living in new zealand for 25 years or living here for at least 15 years before 21 , and take it off anyone that does n't quality for that . 
  you know , actually tie citizenship to living , breathing new zealanders . 
  people that actually commit , long term , to new zealand . 
  not people that come here , spend 3 years here , plant a tree and sing the anthem once while still not being able to fluently speak english . 
  and a lot of them are n't actually new zealanders . 
  being a citizen simply does n't mean that you are a kiwi anymore . 
  they 're called ` black americans ' in new zealand for the same reason that people from boston are called ` white americans ' and not ` irish ' . 
  you are n't african just because you have black skin . 
   eg asian kiwis are still regularly asked `` where are you really from ? '' . 
  that 's not racist . 
  that 's people just awkardly trying to be the least offensive they can be while trying , desparately , to find out where someone is from , ethnically . 
  people do n't know about ethnicities and nationalities and cultures , so they ask `` where are you from ? 
  bicultural heritage , you mean . 
   partnership visas are only available for people studying subjects on the long term skill shortage list or for people doing post-graduate study , which is not the majority of students . 
  that 's irrelevant . 
  if you are a student in nz it 's very easy to get a work visa afterwards , and then to bring partners over then . 
  or you can get a work visa , get permanent residency , then bring a partner over . 
   they are , in fact , the international students who are most skilled , most highly trained , and most valuable to new zealand . 
  and these are the people you want to disincentivise from coming here !, 
  `` sure , new zealand may need more radiologists . 
  i 'm happy for someone to come here from overseas and study at our universities and find a job here as a radiologist . 
  but not if she brings her freeloading husband who just ends up working at a call centre or in a supermarket !, 
  that 's a bridge too far ! '', 
  long term skills shortages can * only * be solved by training new zealanders . 
  i find it particularly absurd that there is even a concept of foreign students studying subjects on the long term skill shortage list as if we need foreigners to study the subjects ? 
  are they too hard for kiwis ? 
  of course not . 
   parent and dependent child visas do n't allow the holders to work , and they must have sufficient funds to support themselves for the duration of their stay . 
  and yet consistently do n't have sufficient funds to support themselves . 
   if you 're against people coming to new zealand temporarily , not getting a job , and spending tens of thousands of dollars , and you want to reduce the number of international students ( who also add enormous value to the nz economy in their own right ) , i guess restricting these makes sense . 
  nobody has ever suggested banning international students . 
  the issue is international students who then turn being a student into a path to residency and citizenship , which is a bad thing , and then bringing over family . 
  it provides too easy a path to turn one potentially useful immigrant into one useful immigrant and half a dozen burdens on nz . 
  the other thing is that a significant proportion of student visas from china are a way to get someone through the door to buy property so it wo n't get registered as foreign-bought . 
   everyone here is saying immigration is the only factor ,, 
  ** literally nobody ** has said that it is the only factor you moron . 
   that 's why you and others are saying we should lower it out of a faux moral concern for your fellow new zealanders . 
  it is a factor . 
  it is a significant factor . 
  we should lower our immigration numbers , as we simply do not have the infrastructure to support 70k people per year coming to nz . 
  that 's a fact . 
   i know you 're ignorant and xenophobic so do n't try and claim that you give a damn about new zealanders who are struggling because you do n't . 
  what ? 
  of course i care about new zealanders who are struggling . 
  that 's the whole point . 
   you are taking the definite article far too literally and not reading it in context . 
  i might say to someone , `` can you bring me the chair , '' but it does not imply that it is the only chair in the house . 
  as i said , and as you can see by looking at my original comment again , i post an alternative solution right there . 
  your alternative solution was just as stupid and childish . 
  making ads overseas to make us all look smelly ? 
  are you trolling ? 
   imagine you leave some fruit on your kitchen bench and it attracts fruit flies . 
  you want to stop attracting fruit flies . 
  is the obvious solution not to stop leaving fruit on the bench ? 
  oh , so you are trolling . 
  yes i understand cause and effect . 
   the main reason that net immigration has increased in recent years is that more people are finding new zealand an attractive place to live . 
  no , the reason that net immigration has increased is that there are no controls on it . 
   getting rid of the things that attract them is absolutely the obvious solution . 
  no it is n't . 
  the obvious solution is to only allow people in that would actually benefit nz . 
  * direct democracy, 
  * multi-party republic, 
  * two-party republic, 
  * one-party state, 
  * elective monarchy, 
  * hereditary monarchy, 
  was this made by an american ? 
  they think that ` republic ' and ` democracy ' are opposites or something . 
  this is silly , anyway . 
  political system should be `` dictatorship '' , `` two-party democracy '' ( fpp ) , `` multi-party democracy '' ( most other voting systems ) and `` direct democracy '' .
