  the same thing happened when / r/fatpeoplehate was banned . 
   the reason the rest of the subs can exist is because there is one sub to drain the crap . 
  no , the reason the rest of the subs can exist is that they are moderated properly . 
  go ask their moderators . 
  they still require active moderation . 
  they still get crap posted that needs to be deleted ** all the time ** . 
   on the other hand in a sub that is n't that big and there is n't that much discussion no matter how you bend it you are still going to get crap since the pool only had crap in the first place . 
  this subreddit has plenty of good content . 
   gaming has 14million subs , games 768k subs , truegaming 145k , this subreddit has 46k . 
  do the math . 
  i 'll ignore that ` math ' is n't a word . 
  what maths do you want me to do ? 
   nope , because you ca n't play a different roles, 
  yes you can . 
  you can play the role of a sniper , you can play the role of someone using a smg in close-quarters combat , you can play the role of a rifleman , etc. 
  you can use a riot shield and approximate a tank !, 
   also cod and counterstrike do n't utilize different roles, 
  are you kidding ? 
  counterstrike is a team-based game where you absolutely need to utilise different roles to win . 
  entry fragger , awper , support player , etc. 
  see here : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7xjzjxiwatm, 
   nor do both games have the means of ` roleplaying ' ( e.g. 
  emotes , specific costumes , housing , etc. ), 
  counterstrike has many costumes . 
  there are many rpgs that do n't have housing . 
   maybe you should read a bit more about game-genres . 
  maybe you should . 
  my entire point is that cod and cs : go are n't rpgs , but they would be if your logic made any sense . 
  you 're claiming that moba should be interpreted literally to mean any game that is multiplayer , online and involves some sort of battle in something you can call an arena . 
  by your logic , fps games like counterstrike and cod and team-based shooters like overwatch and tf2 all are moba . 
  yet everyone knows that they are n't . 
  heroes of the storm is a moba . 
  dota 2 is a moba . 
  lol is a moba . 
  cs , cod , ow , tf2 are n't . 
  if you want to interpret ` moba ' completely literally , then you should interpret ` rpg ' completely literally . 
  if moba means ` online multiplayer game where you battle people in an arena ' with very broad and loose interpretation of ` battle ' and ` arena ' , then rpg means ` game where you play a role ' with a very broad and loose interpretation of ` play ' and ` role ' . 
  do you have any evidence of this ? 
  can you present an example of an mmorpg that has n't done this ? 
  definitely, 
  merching bots ? 
  adding ge added those . 
   not sure why immeditely thought you meant osrs, 
  well everyone else does , why would n't you ? 
   every stat , spell , and value is known which breaks immersion ? 
  could n't you just not look up that info online and run the content and be surprised when something drops ? 
  you are expected to watch youtube videos on how to do fights and to read online guides on how to play your class in order to play with other people . 
  if you do n't know the fights before playing them you 'll get kicked from groups . 
  if you do n't do exactly the rotation that 's on icy-veins you get kicked from groups . 
   they did hand out a legendary named weapon for every class but the core things you used to upgrade with different weapons ( ilvl , stats , etc. . ) are now just in the form of relics literally the only difference is that you keep the same skin you still have to hunt down the same things in the same way you did before they just socket into a leg instead of replace . 
  and you additionally unlock different skins for that leg . 
  the hunt for upgrades is the same if not more because now there are 3 relic slots . 
  i 'm talking about the difference between legendaries in vanilla/bc/wotlk / cata vs. legendaries in mop/wod/legion ( the equivalent being artifact weapon in legion ) . 
  in the earlier versions of wow , legendaries were rare drops from the highest difficulties of raid bosses , after long and arduous questlines . 
  they were rare : there were n't more than a couple on any but the most populated servers . 
  legendaries deserved their names : they were legendary . 
  in mop/wod , legendaries were turned from something really legendary into something that literally everyone got just by doing some trivial grinding . 
  just to prove the point , many people got them entirely by standing doing nothing in lfr raids , because that content is so easy that half the team can be afk and you can still kill all the bosses . 
  i 've tanked lfr and done literally nothing while the other tank stood in one place and pressed a single button over and over again and we 've done the boss . 
  doing that is not legendary . 
  in legion , you 're handed so-called ` artifact weapons ' , which are really the new legendaries , and they are n't special . 
  they 're are n't legendary . 
  they are n't cool . 
  they 're just stat sticks . 
   their raid release schedule is a tried and true method ( for them ) whereas many other titles go significant durations on a content drought . 
  i am unsure of what you expect them to do ? 
  not maintain a regular new content release schedule just to be unpredictable ? 
  exactly , it 's * tried and true * . 
  it 's boring . 
  it 's stale . 
  it 's the same thing every time . 
  why three raids on release and two big raids in the next two patches ? 
  why ? 
  why ? 
  it 's so boring . 
  how about instead of releasing a 14-boss raid that gets cleared within 24 hours on the hardest difficulty and then releasing nothing for 12 months while they work on the next expansion , they release a 6-boss raid every four months ? 
  a good six-boss raid with variations on every fight would be more interesting , and we would n't need as many filler bosses . 
   many other titles go significant durations on a content drought, 
  that 's pretty ignorant . 
  wow has bigger content droughts than any other mmorpg . 
  that it has so many subscribers and so much income compared to every other mmo and still makes players wait a year with no updates between expensive paid expansions is astonishing . 
   you dislike the catch up mechanics like its a bad thing . 
  you would rather them have to run all the old tiers just to get an alt or a new player to the current tier ? 
  have the difference between a fresh capped player and a tier complete character be insurmountable ? 
  as it stands the duration on tier gap closing and the artifact research reduction is long enough to where even super casuals had plenty of time to clear the content without being handed the gear just for trying . 
  what do you mean ` have to run ' ? 
  nobody would * have * to do anything . 
  the game is supposedly fun , right ? 
  the raids are presumably intended to be fun . 
  in vanilla there were good reasons even for fully t2 geared raids to continue to do mc , the entry-level 40 man raid . 
  there 's nothing ` insurmountable ' about having to raid the first and second tier of an expansion in order to do the third tier , or having to raid the first to do the second . 
  i can maybe understand increasing the drop rates of items in those tiers when new tiers come out , to speed people up a bit ( which is still wrong , but is understandable ) , but letting people completely skip entire tiers of content is insane . 
  in wow , the only relevant tier of content , the only one there 's ever a reason to do , is the top tier . 
  that 's nuts . 
  there 's a huge game out there to play , but there 's only a good reason to do one tier of content . 
  in the last patch of wod , i seriously do n't think there was a compelling reason to go into more than one single instance in the entire game : hellfire citadel . 
   they have balance issues , please name a single mmorpg out there that does not have balance issues . 
  now i am not current on the tier but i pulled up noxxic and looked at the difference between top tier dps and bottom tier dps . 
  i am seeing a 20 % difference between the top and the bottom with the halfway point being 10 % difference . 
  wow should be held to a much higher standard .
