  christchurch people overwhelmingly think that the national party absolutely fucked christchurch . 
  they took a lot of credit for the eqc , which was set up in 1945 by , you guessed it , ** the labour party ** . 
  and again , no . 
  experts agree that national mismanaged new zealand 's economy . 
   if we ca n't have an honest conversation as a nation our progress will be severely stunted . 
  simply making things up and pretending that national have done * anything * good when they clearly have n't is just insane . 
  i get it , you 're a nat supporter , you want them to have done something good . 
  you do n't want to admit that you support them because you want lower taxes on yourself . 
  but you 're just not going to find something . 
  that 's not how they work . 
  the fact that the closest you can get is ` they did n't stop treaty settlements ' and ` they did n't get rid of wff ' and all this other stuff people keep mentioning - basically , ` they did n't revert labour 's policies ' - is clear evidence that they do n't have anything to be proud of . 
  ` it could have been worse ' is not something to be proud of . 
  no , because people did n't get downvoted on slashdot for disagreeing with fucking microsoft . 
  because the universities are allowed to set their own fees and are funded based on their student numbers which is just retarded . 
   gee , what a good argument . 
  here 's a clue : he waited to until dragons came . 
  so your argument is that he somehow magically predicted they 'd turn up with dragons ? 
  you ca n't just blame fucking everything on magic . 
  stories have to be internally consistent . 
  this one is n't . 
  ok , i guess when bran was greenseeing and the night king saw him and touched him , you were asleep ? 
  that outright implies he possess - some - kind of ability that is similar , if not the same . 
  no it does n't . 
  to make an analogy , being a good legilimens does n't necessarily make you a good occlumens nor vice versa . 
  because it harms our economic activity . 
  it 's bad for the same reason that deflation is bad . 
  you 're a racist retarded cunt . 
  these people are probably the same people that turn around and go ` no of course i 'd never hire someone that went to prison for a couple of years 15 years ago , how would i know they 've reformed ' right before they go back to sucking nadella 's cock . 
  how do they manage to make this so much more complicated than just, 
  std : : thread worker ( [ ] { cout < < `` i have completed your request '' ; } ) ;, 
  sprinkling ` await ` and ` async ` garbage all over your code so it 's completely unreadable is a piece of cake . 
  that does n't mean i want to do it . 
  99.99 % of cards that are cast and have a target remove fizzle . 
   really ? 
  the greatest financial crisis since the great depression hit , chch earthquake , the rise of russia , isis , the refugee crisis in europe , the further rise of china etc. 
  it 's been quite a turbulent decade and is much more than just smartphones . 
  the gfc certainly had a far smaller impact on new zealand than the crises of the 70s and 80s did . 
  the christchurch earthquake was significant for new zealand , but you said ` very interesting times globally ' , so not relevant to that point . 
  the ` rise of russia ' is just rubbish . 
  russia presents absolutely no threat to new zealand at all . 
  it 's not interesting globally in any way . 
  cnn can beat the drums of war all they like , but it 's just not globally relevant . 
  again , this is recentism . 
  you mention a bunch of things , but they 're incredibly minor on a global scale compared to something like 9/11 or the fall of the berlin wall or the fall of the soviet union . 
  isis ? 
  isis is just another terrorist organisation . 
  there 's nothing special about them compared to al-qaeda . 
  in fact , terrorism in europe has gone down compared to what it was like in the 20th century where domestic spanish and irish terrorism killed way more people . 
  and seriously , the ` further rise of china ' ? 
  china 's position has n't change qualitatively at all . 
  in 2008 , china was a quickly growing powerhouse of manufacturing . 
  in 2017 , china is ... a quickly growing powerhouse of manufacturing . 
  fuck all has changed . 
  it certainly has n't been a turbulent decade compared to any other decade . 
  compare your absurd list of things to literally any other decade in history . 
  the ` refugee crisis ' point is particularly absurd . 
  what an overblown non-event that was . 
   i have absolutely seen people saying that nz society is collapsing or in your case , collapsed and i disagree . 
  it has though . 
  new zealand society is not what it once was . 
  new zealand used to be an egalitarian society that valued hard work and gave everyone a chance . 
  now it just is n't . 
  the american ` every man for himself ' bullshit is clearly very present here now , and it was n't in the past . 
   national has had issues with immigrants in the past - winston was a nat mp after all . 
  around the world , right wing parties are often anti-immigrant and i like the fact that national is n't . 
  national is a pretty archetypical neoliberal party , and neoliberal parties never have a problem with immigration because immigration does exactly what they want economically ( cheapens labour ) and is ideologically compatible with their liberal ideals . 
  national is quite unfortunately pro-immigration , which has led to the horrible mess our country is in now . 
   they 're a lot more than just not being racist - they 've worked closely with the maori party and finlayson has been a very effective minister in terms of treaty settlements . 
  the language and ideas that brash talked about have been abandoned . 
  that 's just ridiculous . 
  they 've worked closely with the maori party because they needed to if they wanted to be in power . 
  the best thing you can say about national and treaty settlements is that they did n't just get rid of them . 
  that 's , again , nothing to be proud of . 
  ` they are n't as bad as they , the same group of people , were before ' is just not fucking something to be proud of . 
   sure english is conservative and much more so than key . 
  but the caucus as a whole is much more liberal than it used to be and was liberal enough to pass gay marriage . 
  no they were n't . 
  it was a conscience vote , despite being a human rights issue , exactly because they 're very conservative . 
   i do n't agree at all but each to their own . 
  i see little possibility of labour being able to negotiate many free trade deals if they opposed the tppa and that is something that i do n't like . 
  shearer , clark and goff all supported the tppa after all but i 'm not sure about the new labour leadership stance . 
  frankly , they supported the tppa because they negotiated it or started negotiating it and it would look bad for them personally not to be seen to support it . 
  it 's changed so much since then and has just become a tool for american imperialism . 
  it gives almost no real concessions from the usa to us , of course . 
  we ca n't sell our dairy products to americans with no tariffs or restrictions . 
  no way . 
  of course not . 
  that 'd be free trade , and they do n't want that . 
  we get some extremely minor concessions and in turn pharmac can get fucked and we can extend our copyright laws and you know what ? 
  just fuck off , no thank you . 
  the tppa was a terrible agreement . 
  we conceded a lot in terms of opening our economy and requiring it to stay open , when what need is to actually close our economy to countries that undercut us on labour prices to protect workers . 
  and we got fuck all from other countries . 
  it was just a bad deal , even ignoring the copyright and secret trials bullshit . 
   yes i agree - the clark government was also effective in foreign affairs . 
  but any labour government is likely to include the greens/winston and that might cause problems there . 
  i just think the status quo has been effective and do n't see any reason to change it there . 
  the status quo is to abandon our historically neutral position and cosy up to the usa . 
  i can not support that . 
  new zealand was very lucky to head the security council for 6 weeks or however long it was , given how much we 've abandoned our previously neutral stances .
