  again , except for blizzard themselves . 
  that 's a statement from a misinformed gm . 
  the law is very , very clear on this and it 's actually very common knowledge . 
  trademarks can become genericised if they are n't protected . 
  this is not at all true of copyright . 
  this has never , in any country , ever applied to copyright . 
  again , you have no idea what you 're talking about . 
  if you sell someone a bat and say ` you can only use this bat with balls i sell you ' , then start selling a new series of completely different balls that i think are worse , there 's no chance in hell that you 'll win in court if you try to sue me for making the old balls again myself . 
  you ca n't say ` hey , that 's my sort of ball , i copyright it , you ca n't touch ' . 
  that 's unenforceable codswallop . 
  now if you had a patent , maybe . 
  but nobody here is talking about patents , so it does n't apply at all . 
  every mmorpg that has released something like legacy servers has more people playing them than the new servers . 
  getting something for free involves very different laws from buying things . 
  buying a boxed product means that laws applying to the sale of goods apply , which override license agreements . 
  those include a right to use the product . 
  rs3 has abilities , which make its combat basically a wow clone , and much more generic pve as a result . 
  it has zero pvp . 
  a lot of the game has been essentially obsoleted in rs3 . 
  neither of these are 2d or isometric . 
   3rd party client such as osbuddy or konduit ( both kinda enhances the game , xp/h trackers , in-game map etc ) . 
  to be clear , these are cheating . 
  the only reason they 're condoned is that jagex does n't want to get the people that watch twitch streams of them angry . 
  the rules * explicitly * forbid alternate clients that make the game easier in any way . 
  utter rubbish . 
  almost everyone playing osrs plays using the official client . 
  a small group of cheaters use osbuddy . 
   be comfortable with people calling you the n-word . 
  what a load of crap, 
  rs3 has wow combat , nobody should play it . 
  osrs has far fewer bots than rs3 . 
  you do not need it . 
  wow did not need it , wow has never needed it , wow will never need it . 
  they already have a queue and they 're more than capable of having multiple servers . 
  then that 's just very , very poor decision making . 
  limit server player numbers to a reasonable level . 
   from a developer 's perspective it 's much more difficult to instill a sense of a ` race ' with horizontal progression . 
  ' a sense of race ' is not important , so that point is irrelevant . 
   vertical progression allows you to keep moving the ` goal ' post farther along to encourage players to continuously maintain their progress to be relevant in participating in the endgame . 
  the concept of endgame is and has always been toxic crap . 
   i 've played classic and burning crusade and in both you needed something like 1-2 weeks ( realtime , when playing 8 hours a day ), 
  who the fuck plays video games 8 hours per day ? 
  the fastest ever time to 60 in vanilla was 4 days 20 hours ` / played ` . 
  the game experience is terrible with only one server . 
  they 're just driving players away . 
  they are not . 
  they are top-down . 
  top-down and isometric are not the same . 
  illegal in the sense of against the rules of the game . 
  that 's how ` illegal ' is used in sporting contexts . 
   the client , which blizzard allowed you to use to access a service . 
  the client , which i bought . 
  it 's a product . 
  i bought it . 
  license agreements do n't change the law . 
   i love the `` on the disk '' argument because the disk had version 1.0 of the game , and no private server is running that version because it was terrible . 
  that does n't make any sense . 
  dmca is a very specific us law . 
  dmca was mentioned , and is irrelevant . 
  add to that , that the guy is a us lawyer and thus is irrelevant . 
  they did n't close nostalrius . 
  it literally is . 
  no it fucking was n't . 
  no they would triple it . 
  and ? 
  i do n't think so . 
  nostalrius went for quite a while before shutting down , and made it very clear they were shutting down voluntarily so they could meet with blizzard about legacy servers . 
  okay , but the fact remains that that 's * power-levelling in the extreme * . 
  the vast majority of players did n't hit 60 in less than triple or quadruple that , more like 12-15 days / played , at the fastest . 
   someone coming home from school at 14:45 and playing until he goes to bed , only interrupted by dinner . 
  well ignoring that kids tend to finish school more like 3:30 pm than 2:30 pm , and then have to actually get home ( which takes upwards of half an hour ) , that means you 're essentially talking about the utter nolifers even among nolifers : kids that spend their entire evening playing games , every evening . 
  certainly . 
   mmorpg endgame , especially ones that lean heavily on vertical progression , tend to be the most shittiest and unfulfilling experiences i 've had . 
  i can almost always trace the blame to the endless treadmill bullshit that developers keep shoving in to keep the grind as long and tedious . 
  after all , ` end ` game implies there 's a start and a finish ' . 
  was this what you were referring to ? 
  absolutely . 
   true on the first part , only if you make a new bat yourself . 
  if you use the bat i let you rent , then it 's still my bat and i get to decide what gets done with it . 
  nobody is leasing anything . 
  the client is * bought * . 
  it 's a product that has been * bought * . 
  the subscription fee is for access to servers and new updates . 
   the other bat still belongs to me though , so if you do n't want your game shut down , you make your own . 
  the client does n't not belong to blizzard . 
  it 's a product which is bought . 
  people do n't want to play on old , existing , low-population servers where half the realm is already level 60 . 
  class switching makes no sense . 
  if you are a warrior , then you are a warrior . 
  you should continue to be a warrior . 
  you should n't revert to being an utter noob just because you ` switch ' to being a ranger . 
  you should be a warrior holding a bow . 
  once you get good with a bow , you should n't have to choose between being a ranger today or a warrior today . 
  you should be a person , that is both good with a bow and an axe . 
  class switching makes no sense . 
  treating classes like skill levels , where you have a certain level in each class , that makes sense . 
  being only able to use one of them at once ? 
  that makes * zero sense whatsoever * . 
  no , they did n't . 
  they asked them to close down , and nostalrius chose to comply with their request .
