  and no loopholes - no shutting the school down for the afternoon and hey look we 're teaching bible studies at the same time what a coincidence . 
  price of progress and fireblast are better burn spells in burn . 
  bolt is better in every other deck . 
  it is a myth . 
  it 's based on total misinterpretation of a small number of highly flawed studies . 
  i do n't know , why do people always say this about islam but not about christianity which is just as sexist in its teachings ? 
  the answer , if you want to know , is that religions are n't sexist , * people * are sexist . 
  religions ' teachings are irrelevant , because people will always ignore the ones they disagree with and say the stories they do n't agree with are ` metaphors ' for something . 
  it 's implied . 
  we have to get government income from somewhere . 
  on the other side of all the money that 's been put into developing slack . 
  yeah they 're called unicode emoji and a thing called a ` font ' . 
   when was the last time you heard about segregation by gender ( because of christian values ) from a christian school in new zealand ? 
  did you just forget that most christian schools in nz are single-sex schools ... ? 
   i mean , did you even read the story ? 
  the men were n't allowed to watch because the women might want to take off their hijab off . 
  why do they have to wear hijab ? 
  oh , that 's right . 
  because of their religion . 
  because the * people * in that religion still adhere to it like it 's the 15th century . 
  not because the religion is inherently any worse than any other . 
  they 're all bloody crap , and their followers adhere to exactly the bits they want to adhere to . 
   plenty of people here rag on christianity and for the most part , the church probably deserves it . 
  but if you honestly believe that islam is n't implicitly sexist then you 're either daft or willfully ignorant . 
  islam is implicitly sexist to the extent that christianity is . 
  that 's my point . 
  it 's not that it does n't have ridiculous sexist teachings , but it 's the * people * that choose to follow them . 
  christianity has plenty of sexist teachings , and homophobic ones too , but people ignore them because they themselves are n't sexist or homophobic . 
  it 's * culture * that drives this , not religion . 
  plenty of black african christians burn gays alive , after all . 
  the problem is that we project all these issues onto the religions , but it 's the culture and people that do these things , not the religion . 
  we discriminate against perfectly reasonable people in those religious ( who exist ) and spend all our time talking about ` islam ' when the problem is really ` arabic culture ' . 
  are you trolling ? 
  okay fair . 
  nearly always when people suggest this they offset it by raising tax elsewhere . 
  i 'm 21 and ` broadband ' still means that to people in nz . 
  does n't matter if they want the isp to rip up their lawn . 
  they have the right to do so anyway . 
   most christian schools allow female staff to interact with male students and vice versa , as well as letting fathers watch their daughters netball games . 
  there are also plenty of non-religious single-sex schools . 
  it 's still segregation . 
   so then why is every other major religion in new zealand closer to the 21st century , while followers of islam are still in the 15th ? 
  because the followers of islam all come from the middle east , where everyone no matter their religion still acts like it 's the 15th century . 
  again , the problem is arabs and arabic culture , not islam . 
  go look at iran . 
  before the us caused an islamist revolution it was a relatively peaceful , progressive country where women could wear bikinis if they wanted . 
  even now it 's a hell of a lot better than saudi arabia , for example . 
  the problem is you ca n't say ` the problem is culture not religion ' because criticising religion is okay in nz culture , but not criticising culture . 
  not much later than the us honestly . 
  that 's not true , it 's well regarded by academia . 
  it 's despised by a certain group of academics that care more than it disagrees with their political viewpoint that white people are just evil . 
  again , symptom . 
  why is africa able to be meddled with by europe ? 
  why is n't africa meddling in europe ? 
  again , that 's a symptom not a cause . 
   as for why they didnt immediately become developed nations , its ridiculous to pretend they could play catch up when colonialiks only ended in the fities and sixties, 
  they were more advanced then than they are now . 
  if they rent them out , and they profit on renting them out , yeah . 
  no , there should n't be religious schools . 
   people are still going to want their children to have a religious upbringing/education, 
  that 's fine , but that 's for their parents to do . 
  if you want to teach your children to think one particular way rather than actually parenting them properly that 's fine , but schools should n't be allowed to . 
   getting rid of religious schools will just mean more kids are homeschooled by their mums instead of by professional teachers who are also religious, 
  homeschooling should be illegal too . 
  it has no real reason to exist . 
  the position most people here is that this is a bad thing . 
  everyone is a tiny part of the population , that does n't give anyone the right to discriminate against women . 
  why is a ` terrorist offence ' worse than murdering or raping someone ? 
   and if they have reasonable recourse to another citizenship . 
  fuck off , no . 
  you get a chance , you commit murder or gbh or rape ? 
  you can fuck off , you do n't get two chances . 
  immigration fraud is a crime but it 's not * that * serious . 
  it 's not selling class a drugs . 
   we are a culturaly diverse country and should respect that the school has rules that it 's board has put in place to reflect the belief of the school community . 
  no , we should n't . 
  we should n't respect discrimination just because it 's being done by a minority . 
   catholic schools have their rules , anglican schools have their rules , maori schools have their rules and we respect them all whether we agree or not . 
  and if they 're discriminatory people call them out and say ` hey this is not okay ' . 
  maori schools in particular often make great pains to point out they 're not only for maori , they just use maori philosophy of teaching . 
   if this father wants to spectate at his daughters sporting events then he has an easy option to do so . 
  put his daughters in a main stream school that does n't teach girls they are unsafe if men watch them play sport . 
  sounds like victim blaming . 
   going to the media should n't be his first choice . 
  if he does n't agree with the school , then change schools . 
  it 's not hard . 
  all the other girls there do n't get that choice though . 
  that 's like saying ` if you do n't want your kids to be molested , take them out of catholic school ' . 
  okay , but what about all the other kids ? 
   ye have had contact with women, 
  this means sexual contact , fyi . 
   abrahamic religions are sexist.if the sexism is written in scripture be it metaphorical or not the sexism was written in to it . 
  okay , that 's a fine position to take . 
  ` islam is sexist but christianity is not ' is not a fine position to take . 
   ask most muslims and most would say that their religion is either the most important or one of the most important aspects of their life . 
  why then would the ideas of that religion ( mostly found in the quaran or the hadith ) have no impact on their beliefs or the way they act . 
  their opinion is irrelevant . 
  the fact is that the * reason * they feel this way is that they come from the culture they come from . 
   that seems to be what you are saying by blaming the problem entirely on culture rather than religion . 
  what is culture except largely a set of ideas ?
