  is it even possible to miss the point more than that ? 
   why is our gdp per capita so low ? 
  because our economy is a mismanaged neoliberal clusterfuck . 
   why is our government debt so high ? 
  because when debt is cheap , borrowing is smart , and when the economy is doing poorly , borrowing cheap debt to fund government spending to kickstart the economy is a great idea . 
  basically the one good thing the national government did was borrow a shitload of money during the global financial crisis instead of the appalling stupid austerity policies they tried in the uk , to use an example . 
  austerity just fuels a financial crisis , making people spend even less , slowing down the economy even further . 
   why can foreigners buy our houses ( especially when we ca n't buy theirs ) ? 
  because it 's ideologically consistent with neoliberalism . 
  it 's a ` liberal ' thing to do . 
  it 's part of our open economy . 
  it 's a bad idea , of course , but that does n't matter , because new zealand 's economic policy is mostly pretty ideological . 
  rogernomics was very ideological . 
  this is ideological too . 
  not changing it now is a different story . 
  it 's pretty clearly because a significant drop in house prices would probably have fairly bad consequences for economic stability . 
  nothing we could n't deal with , but a bad story for whoever is the government at the time . 
  so national do n't want to do anything that would have a chance of really hitting house prices . 
  big building programmes ? 
  lowering immigration ? 
  dealing with property speculators ? 
  capital gains tax ? 
  banning foreign property purchases ? 
  all of those things have a chance of damaging house prices , and lowering house prices is in national 's eyes a terrible idea . 
  think about it , the people that vote national are people that * already own a house * . 
  for them , house prices going up is a great thing . 
  they would also have to restrict foreign ownership of farms and other property at the same time , and they definitely do n't want to do that . 
  national are traditionally supported by farmers , and they thrive on that rural electorate party vote . 
  unsurprisingly , they are fully supportive of laws that allow farmers to sell their farms to the chinese for high prices , because farmers like those laws , and they 're the farmer 's party . 
  their leader is even a farmer now . 
   why do we let big foreign companies avoid tax ? 
  because it 's a complicated global problem . 
  we have treaties with a lot of countries on tax , to do with double taxation and export duties and fair trade and a lot of other complicated things . 
  what they do is they have a branch in ( for example ) ireland , and a branch in new zealand . 
  the branch in new zealand has some costs that it has to meet , of course , for overseas . 
  maybe they have server infrastructure . 
  maybe they have shipping costs , or all their hr is managed from overseas . 
  there are lots of possibilities . 
  so it 's perfectly legitimate to say ` well we got $ 1 billion in revenue in nz , but we had to spend $ x hundred million on costs and paid them to the irish branch ' . 
  the problem is that they just charge basically the same amount as they make in profit , and then they make all their money in ireland , where they have a 3 % corporate tax rate . 
  what did the irish branch charge the new zealand branch ? 
  ` intellectual property fees ' or ` management fees ' or anything really . 
  at the end of they day , it 's moving numbers around on a balance sheet . 
  this is called transfer pricing . 
  it would n't be fair to just charge corporate tax on the revenue . 
  and it clearly is n't fair at the moment to just charge corporate tax on their profits . 
  the solution is n't clear . 
  maybe you require them to price those services fairly - management fees from a parent or sibling company should be comparable to what they 'd pay a different independent company for the same service . 
  but that 's hard to judge , and requires a lot of effort to enforce , and really puts the burden on the ird to prove that they are cheating the system . 
  i 'm not a tax lawyer or tax expert , by my uninformed idea is that we could require them to pay the different in tax rates between what they eventually end up paying and what they would have paid in new zealand . 
  so if they transfer $ 1b in profits from nz with 25 % corporate tax rate to ireland with a 3 % corporate tax rate , we charge them 22 % corporate tax rate . 
  just an idea , has lots of issues , like they can transfer to a higher tax rate country , do they get a rebate ? 
  if they transfer to a high rate country then transfer from that country to ireland or another tax haven , do they still have to pay ? 
  does this only apply to sibling companies or parent companies or to all international transactions ? 
  it 's a really hard problem that people at the ird are working on , but it requires international negotiation because of tax treaties . 
   why has net migration septupled ( x7 ) ? 
  same story as foreign ownership . 
  part of it is ideological . 
  part of it is that it fuels house prices , which keeps national voters happy . 
  part of it is that anyone that suggests immigration is too high is called a racist . 
  maybe part of it is that one of national 's mps is a probable chinese spy that lied on his citizenship application . 
   why have n't we got electronic voting yet ? 
  there are lots of complicated technical reasons why , but ultimately it comes down to it being very difficult to hack the current system . 
  you would have to have a massive conspiracy to do it and have any real effect , and there are party observers from each party watching every stage of the process . 
  because of the party vote , you ca n't change a few numbers in a close electorate and flip a seat like you theoretically could in fpp . 
  so there 's no real incentive to adopt electronic voting . 
  electronic voting machines used in the usa have had lots of serious issues , and some of their politicians are uncomfortably close to the companies that make them . 
  maybe in the future there will be some blockchain-based tech that lets people vote from home on their computer , but then you still have the privacy concern of people watching you over your shoulder while you vote at home . 
  that undermines the secrecy of the vote . 
   why do ex mps get perks for life ? 
  why should n't they ? 
  it 's a public service . 
  judges get perks for life , police do , why should n't mps ? 
  everyone should really , and would if we did n't have such utterly dogshit employment laws . 
  no , governing would be * exactly * impossible . 
  it 's literally not possible to be the prime minister without the confidence of the house . 
  if the house votes no confidence , then you are no longer the prime minister , by constitutional convention . 
  that 's as strong as any of the constitutional conventions we have . 
  definitely, 
   lol explained , just because you typed it does n't make your opinion any more valid than my own . 
  i did n't say it did . 
  but you did n't respond to my opinion , you just stated that mmp was better than fpp without any justification . 
   in fpp seats can be won by a whisker awarding the win , where as mmp , or even better pr splits the electorate evenly . 
  in mmp seats can be won by a whisker awarding a win as well . 
  and at the end of the day , a single vote can be the difference between 61/60 and 60/61 in any system . 
  i do n't really see how this is different in mmp vs. in fpp , could you elaborate on that ? 
   i 'd also support compulsory voting for another step towards a more representative govt, 
  representative in what way ? 
  do you have a proportion of seats that represents people that just do n't care and are fine with the status quo , which always abstains in any vote ? 
  because people that do n't vote sometimes just do n't care . 
  i know several people that will be leaving in a couple of weeks and have n't voted because they do n't intend to ever return to new zealand to live permanently , so they see it as none of their business who to vote for . 
  should they be forced to vote ? 
   a quick read of those shows no bias exists within the law . 
  so let 's now look at the application of those laws with statistics about family arrangements within the court vs those that do so outside of court . 
  nobody said bias exists in the law . 
  the bias exists in the biased people applying the law : judges , lawyers for children , and so-called expert witnesses . 
   so hit me with your statistics and stuff ... 
  your stats all have nothing to do with what we 're talking about . 
  the number of people that mutually agree is n't really relevant , and remember there is a lot of pressure to come to an agreement . 
  it 's like a plea bargain : it does n't actually mean that you agree with it , but it 's the easiest option and there 's a lot of pressure to accept .
