  no , you do n't understand . 
  i 'm not profiting from your labour . 
  we 're profiting from our labour using our things . 
   now you 've got the wood , and the skills to add value to it , the rest is up to you . 
  no , i do n't have anything . 
  we have it . 
  it 's ours . 
   why is that ? 
  because there 's no reason to do that . 
   there 's no reason everyone must have their own bit of land, 
  there 's the reason that people want it and that it 's entirely feasible and possible . 
  again , there 's no reason why we ca n't have * some * terraced housing . 
  but it should n't * all * be terraced housing . 
  it 's not either-or . 
   not strictly true ( the argument goes along the lines of `` but everything is types really '' ), 
  only if you make the word ` type ' just mean ` any possible constraint on code whatsoever ' , but i personally think that regardless of how academic literature uses it , once a ` type system ' is no longer decidable it is n't really a type system . 
  again , it exists to solve problems that do n't need to exist in the first place . 
  and yeah i have . 
  a guy used ` toogle ' instead of ` toggle ' in a few places . 
  find & replace took about a minute . 
  no , you have misunderstood the study . 
  no , they should n't . 
  heroes that are strong in the early-game should not be good in the late-game . 
  no , it did n't make it better . 
  it was better before . 
  you can claim that ` the problem ' was ` tone ' , but given that :, 
  lots of rude comments are upvoted on reddit all the time, 
  zero criticisms of rust are ever upvoted, 
  i think we know what the more likely explanation is . 
   having non-nullable types means that null ( and undefined ) is no longer in the same domain as any other type . 
  naturally , you also need union types to make this work . 
  no , you do n't need union types to make this work . 
   furthermore , if you want to make this stuff less annoying , you need some data-flow analysis . 
  only if your shit-tier language lacks pattern-matching . 
  god yeah . 
  i very very narrowly won a 60 minute game on undying last night after fucking destroying my lane . 
  it was n't a * prominent political issue * . 
   that 's exactly the same as knowing that the user object has type user . 
  or more correctly , that it implements iuser or ihasemail . 
  no it is n't . 
   ok , you 've convinced me it 's impossible to know anything at all about any object , value or expression in a dynamic language . 
  now what ? 
  it 's entirely possible to know . 
  but whether or not an object has a property can depend on whether some algorithm halts on a given input , for example . 
   somehow , somewhere , you need to have an idea of what data is stored where . 
  that 's equivalent to types , but when written in an ad-hoc way as in dynamic languages , it 's not compiler-checkable . 
  because they 're much , much more expressive . 
  bigoted ? 
  lol, 
  i have various ideas about language design floating around . 
  none of them are public . 
  you can criticise something without having done better yourself . 
  no , you can not . 
  haskell code is * famously * over-complicated . 
  not relevant, 
  i simply disagree with you . 
  sorry , but static typing is just massively restricting on your expression of ideas . 
  it 's not a great term . 
  it 's a nonsensical term . 
  dynamic type checking is still type-checking . 
  it 's just done dynamically . 
  dependently typed languages are basically dynamically typed anyway . 
   sacrifice cooldown went down from 60/50/40 / 30 to 60/46/32 / 18 ( over 2 patches ) . 
  after it got massively nerfed to 60/50/40 / 30 . 
  lich 's sacrifice is a way to win a lane without actually having to outplay your opponent . 
  you just sac your creep . 
  you do n't even have to go outside of xp range of your opponent to do it anymore . 
  you can do it right in front of them , right in their face . 
  i highly recommend that you set up wasd map scrolling . 
  it makes the screen much easier to control . 
  wasting mouse movement on moving your view of the game is terrible . 
  i know where my fucking products are made . 
   because low wage countries are ideal places for manufacturing consumer goods for mass markets . 
  because low wage countries are ideal places for * profiteering by exploiting people in the third world while undercutting western workers * . 
  yes it does . 
  if you 're quoting someone , then say ` he called me a nigger ' . 
  i like the diversity of all pick . 
  i like that it 's not possible for techies/lich/cancer to be banned in * every single game * . 
  phantom assassin would be banned in * literally every single ranked game * at 2k for example . 
   there 's a lot of pressure to doom the right pl or ck . 
  play bane, 
  pick shadow blade, 
  go up to pl and q the correct one, 
  i read / r/learndota2 . 
  clearly , if i 've died , i need to . 
  sometimes i forget that i have n't died when i tp out of a fight on really low hp . 
  i 'll teleport back to base on low hp , then forget that i 'm still alive while i 'm watching the fight , then realise 20 seconds later that i was alive the whole time . 
  by using the tool that has always been intended for this purpose : tariffs . 
  by making their minimum wage so low , china is subsidising chinese companies , which is an unfair trade practice . 
   which makes things more expensive for us , unless you also envision opening up domestic manufacturing in order ,, 
  firstly , tariffs do n't just magically disappear . 
  the country as a whole retains the money , and we can use it on whatever we like . 
  secondly , the goods should be priced at a level that reflects the labour that goes into producing them . 
  if companies were forced to actually reflect the labour involved in producing clothing in its price , then they would have a much bigger incentive to automate those jobs , which is progress . 
  thirdly , yes , they would be more expensive , but they 're currently only cheap because we 're exploiting poor saps in the third world . 
  that 's morally unacceptable . 
   most developing countries have very low wages , and therefore subsidise the companies that operate there , including western ones . 
  exactly !, 
  that 's what i 'm saying !, 
  it 's exploitative .
