  should be less than 4 million . 
  chess is objectively not boring . 
  whether a game has depth and is interesting is not dependent on the person . 
  that does n't make sense at all . 
  jesus christ what do you find so hard to understand ? 
  it 's not about me seeing them . 
  jesus fucking christ almighty . 
  it 's about anyone having them or seeing them . 
  they destroy discourse by colouring everyone 's view of peoples ' comments and creating a ( possibly unconscious or conscious depending on the person ) bias for or against someone based on their affiliation rather than the content of their post . 
  stop only reading the first sentence of each comment before responding to it . 
  the lvr is very simple . 
  it restricts people from borrowing more than 80 % of the value of a house . 
  it 's not a ` measure ' of anything . 
  the lvr exists because in the event of a housing bubble bursting , it prevents highly leveraged borrowers from having their house drop significantly more than their debt . 
  if you borrow 95 % of the value of a house then it drops in value by 15 % , you now owe 117 % of the value of it . 
  people are likely to just walk away at that point . 
  if you can only borrow up to 80 % of the value of a house , then house prices would have to drop more than 20 % before it would result in people being overleveraged , and then it would only be people that * just * borrowed the money . 
  it stops people from buying houses they ca n't afford to lose some value on . 
  because the government does n't require farmers to sell cheaper locally . 
   and if we did n't pay so much , they 'd ship all of it overseas, 
  should be banned, 
   free market has some downsides . 
  free market consists only of downsides, 
  it 's not just an infrastructure issue . 
  it 's a culture issue . 
  it 's an economic issue . 
  it 's a labour ( lowercase l ) issue . 
   but that 's the most important bit . 
  there 's a huge difference between a net immigration of 30,000 and 60,000 . 
  voters deserve more detail so they know just how much labour plans to cut numbers by . 
  no there is n't . 
  they 're both insanely high , way higher than they should be . 
  that 's all there is to it . 
   except this ca n't be done retrospectively . 
  in all likelihood this would mean it would impact the next year 's immigration figures . 
  imagine if even more kiwis returned the following year , net migration would still increase . 
  yes it can be done . 
  the numbers for each period could be worked out so that only 1000 non-new zealanders enter new zealand on non-tourist visas each month . 
  that 's way way way too long a period . 
  and you can adjust net migration by adjusting non-new zealander numbers ... 
  70,000 people ? 
  the 70,000 people every year . 
  it 's fucking insane . 
  they should be deported and all immigration should be put on a moratorium . 
  it 's entirely their fault . 
  they set the immigration standards . 
  fix our lack of population capacity by importing even more people . 
  great idea mate . 
  3000 fucking refugees should be around a third to a quarter of our immigration numbers mate . 
   old tired rhetoric, 
  the old tired rhetoric is the rhetoric that says that any amount of immigration is too few . 
   the lvr limits stop people buying houses they ca n't afford . 
  if people are too indebted , a fall in house prices will cause mortgagee sales and bankrupties . 
  that 's bad for everybody involved , including banks , ird and the govt 's coffers . 
  not my fucking comment and more than once sentence . 
   people do n't walk away when they get underwater on their loans , because in nz that means you 're looking at a sale of the property and bankruptcy . 
  in ireland and certain states in the us ( that the geniuses at the rbnz like to base their modelling on ) you can default and walk away ( unless you 're irish , in which case you get to stay in the property for years while it 's in default ) . 
  no shit , of course it 's sale of the property and bankruptcy . 
  still a lot better than being 20-30 % overleveraged . 
   lvr restrictions are a blunt , unsophisticated tool that are a small part of the big picture when it comes to evaluating risk . 
  what they do achieve is stop people getting into home ownership , stop people needing finance from investing in property and ensure that the already wealthy have an advantage over everyone else . 
  no , they do not . 
  they stop people from getting into home ownership if those people would lead to financial instability . 
  the lvr restriction is a macroeconomic measure to ensure the stability of the financial system . 
  it has nothing to do with housing affordability . 
  it has nothing to do with ` the rich ' or ` the poor ' . 
  it 's pretty awful, 
  what a stupid cunt, 
   it 's not ok to blame all muslims for the actions of a muslim terrorist and it 's not ok to blame all white people for the actions of a white terrorist . 
  the former is actually much more reasonable than the latter , because islam is an ideology . 
  being white is n't an ideology . 
  i 'm saying that you should n't have a choice . 
  it destroys the environment of discussion . 
  it should not be an individual choice . 
  if you want to publish political opinions here that 's fine . 
  but displaying a little cultish icon next to each comment just destroys discussion . 
   white people benefit from racism against people of colour even if they do n't perpetrate it themselves . 
  ` people of colour ' is offensive . 
  grouping all people that are n't white into a single category and ascribing traits to them is bigotry . 
   we do n't tend to be harassed on busses for our skin colour, 
  neither does any other group . 
   denied jobs for not having the right look, 
  white people are denied jobs for not having the right look all the time, 
   told our natural hair does not meet the dress code, 
  i 've been told literally this . 
   told to leave our bags at the store, 
  no idea what this means . 
  you think that white people are n't ever suspected of shoplifting ? 
  lol, 
   and on the rare occasion it does happen , it does n't make it any less wrong that it happens to other people more often . 
  b-b-b-b-but if i 'm wrong , i 'm not really !!!!, 
   most of all , we do n't get groups marching against our very existence, 
   and encouraged by groups that literally murdered people for simply not being a straight white person . 
  no idea what this is meant to mean honestly . 
  it 's gibberish . 
   in the us there are still plenty of people alive right now who could not use the same facilities as white people . 
  just as it means the people who denied them those rights are alive now and still fighting against it . 
  this is n't the us . 
  go away with your stupid identity politics shit . 
  go live in the us .
