   the reason legacy plays 1-2 is that they have 4x fow already, 
  force of will and counterspell play completely different roles . 
  utterly , totally different . 
  one is an emergency button and really good at defending yourself for tempo at the cost of card disadvantage . 
  the other is just a really efficient counterspell . 
  it might be ` working as intended ' but it 's still retarded . 
  i had this idea as a joke , intended to joke about how terrible this would be to have actually have in a language . 
  yeah fuck off , no . 
  siege rhino decks were ** way ** more obnoxious , because 50 % of the meta was abzan or devotion , i.e. 
  50 % of the meta was two flavours of green . 
  nothing is broken about company decks . 
  fuck wizards . 
  ad nauseam tendrils . 
  the deck as a whole is cheaper than a lot of decks . 
  sure it has a $ 700 card , but this stupid fucking idiotic meme that because the cost is somewhat concentrated in one card that it 's harder to afford ... no . 
  shardless bug for example is way more expensive . 
  they are incorrect . 
  countertop is the reason the deck is playable . 
  the entire reason . 
  nobody plays 12-post , it 's irrelevant . 
  `` some flavour of green '' is not what i said . 
  there were literally two decks that were 25 % of the meta each . 
  30 % is much smaller than 50 % . 
  the issue is n't one widely played deck , it 's over half of the field being two decks . 
  you mean like the sort of people claiming that simian spirit guide and mox opal need to be banned , or that artifact lands and preordain need other cards to be banned to come back ? 
  that 's just silly . 
  lisp is written in the more language order . 
  ( lisp ( is ( also ( a ( great ( language ( to ( write ( stuff ( in ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ), 
  it 's java-style languages that have it backward :, 
  in.stuff ( ) . write ( ) . to ( ) . language ( ) . bad ( ) . a ( ) . also ( ) . is ( ) . java ( ), 
  it 's not ` pandering ' to anyone . 
  it 's just helpful . 
   true , but its worth saying that in lisp the function arguments are always evaluated before function application, 
  exactly like every other language . 
  that 's the definition of function . 
   this is the sort of language you introduce so you can make precise , complex statements in as few characters as possible , at the cost of readability , to get under the page limit for a journal . 
  well no , it 's absolutely standard terminology . 
  you should always say ` partially ordered set ( poset ) ' and then refer to them as posets throughout the rest of whatever you 're writing . 
   the problem i was mainly referring to there was `` let p be ... '' and so forth . 
  opaque single-character variable names for maximal confusion . 
  lol you 're complaining about that ? 
  jesus christ learn some maths dude . 
  this is the most standard shit in the universe . 
  and no , it has nothing to do with being under some phantom page count limit . 
  it 's just far more readable to read * p * over and over again than ` the-particular-poset-we-are-talking-about ` . 
   the over-privileged trolls are running the show . 
  well you 're objectively wrong . 
  love it . 
  what a load of idiotic crap . 
  legal documents are literally the opposite of what you claim . 
  they 're very , very specific and are designed to be interpreted in exactly one way . 
  oh do n't be silly . 
  women do n't not turn up to prereleases because of this one guy . 
  and do n't be silly , it is not widespread to have literal porn on your desk when playing . 
  are you kidding ? 
  our society is sadly going in the opposite direction : towards one where people are incapable of putting up with anything . 
  in this case , absolutely it is unacceptable and you should go to a judge if the person does n't immediately and permanently put it away when you ask . 
  but i 've seen people go running to a judge because someone * said the word ` crap ' * . 
  literally just ` crap ' . 
  to another adult . 
  i 've seen people go running to a judge over the most meaningless tiniest shit . 
  it 's pathetic . 
  did you literally even ask `` could you put that way please ? '', 
  his behaviour was unacceptable . 
  his playmat was unacceptable . 
  but did you even try to solve the issue by just asking him ? 
  if this did n't draw a card this would actually be pretty balanced . 
  the haste is a weird thing for w to get , but balance wise it 's actually fine except for the card draw . 
  what a load of crap . 
  well it 's just not a real concern . 
  having a playmat like that is certainly disgusting , but it 's not driving away an appreciable number of players . 
  i think the general stigma associated with the game , and the ( apparently common in the us , but never seen outside of the us ) body odour issue have a far , far , far greater impact than anything like this . 
  women do n't turn up to prereleases for a huge number of reasons . 
  we do n't know the reasons , but we can guess . 
  it 's certainly a combination of :, 
  * far fewer women play the game than men ( kind of circular , but women are just less interested in card games than men , less interested in board games than men , in general and basically always have been ), 
  * body odour ( i 've never seen this to be an issue , maybe it 's an fat american thing ), 
  * the general stigma of the game, 
   at a single event , my friend was asked if she was single by two players and had a third ask whose boyfriend she was , assuming someone had brought her with . 
  right , that 's fairly rude . 
  but it 's not really that bad . 
  i am reminded of the fnm where i played five rounds all against people that i did n't recognise . 
  the first four , i played against guys . 
  the last was against a girl . 
  all five of them , not immediately but after the first game or after a few rounds , i asked whether they were here with a friend , just because i like to know who knows who , and as someone that 's fairly established in the local community i want to make sure that people do n't feel left out if they 're new and at fnm alone . 
  the first four people i asked , all guys , answered perfectly normally . 
  everyone was new , and while the first guy was there on his own , the rest had come with friends . 
  the girl i asked in the fifth round had been reasonably talkative and friendly , but totally clammed up and did n't really communicate for the rest of the round when i asked ( and did n't answer the question ) . 
  now i 'm not saying that it 's the case for * everything * . 
  but i think a not insignificant part of what people think of as ` sexist ' conversations ( or however you want to put it - things interpreted as ` do you have a boyfriend ???? ', 
  or ` are you here with your boyfriend because girls dont like magic unless they are here with their boyfriends lol ??? ' ), 
  actually are just people misinterpreting normal conversation . 
  can you bugger off ? 
  yeah the law needs interpreting . 
  but the only body of literature that is more precise than legal literature is mathematics literature . 
  sure , it 's blatant , and it 's disgusting . 
  but it 's not actually a significant factor . 
  it 's just more obvious , so people jump on it . 
  i think the main cause behind women not going to fnm is actually just women not going to fnm . 
  before someone accuses me of ` victim blaming ' or some other such rubbish , all i mean is that if you 're the only girl at an event with 20 + other guys , it 's pretty intimidating no matter who you are .
