  monsters can be made more varied in their strengths and weaknesses . 
  they just are n't . 
  well ~ ~ you think ~ ~ he thinks that bdo has good graphics and good gameplay , so ~ ~ your ~ ~ his opinion on this game is also probably completely wrong . 
  another thing i should point out , is that a significant reason that dota does n't have set rotations or priority systems is that your abilities just do n't work that way . 
  you do n't have the same sort of system of spells . 
  your primary attack is n't a spell , it 's your right-click autoattack . 
  your spells and abilities are things that have much more utility than damage in general . 
  spells that are purely damage are very high damage , long cooldown ultimate abilities , generally . 
  spells tend to be things like stuns and other ccs , or they create impassable barriers that last for a couple of seconds , etc. 
  oh i thought you were the guy i was responding to . 
  [ reddit enhancement suite ] ( http://redditenhancementsuite.com `` also / r/enhancement '' ) is a chrome ( or firefox ) extension/addon that lets you do a variety of things like disable subreddit stylesheets and tag people so that every time you see them , you can see the tag . 
  yeah i do n't like spam clicking to attack either . 
  it 's the reason i 've stopped playing diablo 3 , it 's just too tiring . 
  i am a software developer , my work has a good chance of giving me rsi , i do n't need games to do the same . 
  the few abilities thing sounds boring , but i think you should give it a go ( specifically , dota ) . 
  your abilities are really , really impactful . 
  you have to be careful not to waste them , and when you use them right it feels really awesome , like when you get a good run in guitar hero or something . 
  oh yeah i love having lots of spells . 
  in my mind , spells and abilities should be separate . 
  i 'd like to have a spellbook that can have loads of different and interesting spells , some of which are combat-related and some not . 
  but every character should have some normal abilities in combat . 
  these would mostly be constrained by things like cooldowns on the order of seconds . 
  people that are n't wizards deserve to have a few abilities in combat beyond their autoattack too !, 
  the problem i find with many mmos is that playing a wizard does n't feel different from playing a warrior , as everyone has abilities , spells , a spellbook etc. 
  it 's a gameplay advantage . 
  it 's not just ` convenience ' . 
  it 's a big advantage to have a bigger inventory . 
  a big advantage . 
  inventory size is limited for a reason . 
  otherwise you could always be prepared for anything . 
  in the context of cash shops , the only thing that could possibly not be gameplay-related is something purely cosmetic . 
  camelot unchained has plenty of pve gameplay . 
   my meaning is not that cosmetic progression is n't important but that it 's not relevant to my point if cosmetics are on a store or not , some games might do that some might not . 
  it is relevant . 
  the person you replied to said `` with a cosmetic/convenience only store '' is something they do not want . 
  so it 's very relevant to the point . 
   you can also have cosmetics that are not armor/weapon related , such as different animations when gathering , mini pets , mounts and the like . 
  all of which should only be available through playing the game . 
   there 's certainly an obligation to watch it within the rental period . 
  there is . 
  but why does that mean you think you have an obligation to play x hours in a week . 
  for that matter , why are you paying for a game that you do n't enjoy ? 
  and if you do enjoy it , why are you treating it like it 's a bad thing to play it , an obligation ? 
   nobody is asking for pay-to-win . 
  the cash shop selling in-game currency is pay to win . 
  so yes you are . 
  blizzard does not own my client . 
  they do not own my computer . 
  they do not own the code that runs on nostalrius 's servers . 
  they have no moral right to tell me not to play on nostalrius . 
  they have no legal right either . 
  no , it is n't . 
  because you refuse to actually listen to anything anyone else says . 
   that game their pirating access art , quests , and assets for itsel, 
  nobody is pirating anything . 
  you 're only meant to play on private servers if you already have the client , and i do . 
  i bought the game myself . 
  nobody is pirating anything that runs on the servers . 
  did you actually read that ? 
  not having levelling from pve or raiding does n't mean it has little pve . 
  it has lots of pve . 
  it has plenty of pve . 
  it just does n't have pve levelling . 
  in literally the first paragraph it says :, 
   some think that there will be `` no pve '' , but in reality there are plans for a lot of pve content , albeit with unusual aspects such as absolutely no pve progression, 
   if blizzard sold wow to you , then blizzard would n't own wow anymore . 
  you would . 
  that would be an amazing fortune for you . 
  that 's not how commerce works at all . 
  they sold that copy of wow to me , and then they no longer had that copy of wow . 
   that 's because you leased wow . 
  you never purchased wow from blizzard , because blizzard still owns it . 
  that 's not at all true . 
  paying a single fixed price for a piece of software then owning it forever is not a lease . 
  faster to progress = p2w, 
   you 're missing the point . 
  i think you 're missing the point . 
   you do n't own world of warcraft , blizzard does . 
  i own the world of warcraft disks that i installed it from , i own my computer , i own that copy of wow . 
  that gives me the right to use it however i want . 
  it 's my computer , my network connection , my physical disks , mine . 
   an owner of property has certain rights when it comes to their property . 
  one of those rights includes permission of use , which means nobody else can use the owner 's property without the owner 's permission . 
  and that 's fine . 
  i 'm not using anything they own . 
   so if you 're using world of warcraft without blizzard 's permission , then yeah , you 're breaching an owner 's property 's rights . 
  no you are n't . 
  blizzard does n't own anything on my computer . 
   it 's fairly simple . 
  it is , so why are you so confused about this ? 
   i 'd rather gouge my eyes out than walk to 40 so i can get my 60 % mount . 
  please do . 
  well it is . 
  you 're a fucking fool if you think that blizzard is some sort of perfectly rational economic actor . 
  vanilla wow has aged excellently , dude . 
  that 's called word of mouth . 
  the issue is that you 're treating progression as a combat thing . 
  it 's not . 
  that 's not at all true . 
   they sold that specific copy of wow to you buy they did n't sell you the license or copyright for it .
