  that gives you 8 maindeck kill-drs cards . 
  in fact , this exact deck is what i 'm probably going to be running for rug delver for the time being . 
  might as well be consistent . 
  return x, 
  virtually nobody is ` forced ' into committing crime . 
  the idea that poverty creates crime because people steal to eat is a myth , that 's a tiny component . 
  primarily it 's a gang/drugs problem . 
  i agree entirely with your second paragraph . 
  i think you 're missing the point i was making though , which is that we ** do ** have programmes to try to deal with this issue , we are trying to address it , and people saying ` well they are still in prison more ' need to realise that the issue is n't prison statistics , it 's * crime * statistics . 
  we need to solve the crime problem , we need to solve the socioeconomic problem , we ca n't just ` solve ' the prison statistics . 
  prison statistics are a symptom . 
  it does n't vary that much . 
  a huge number of states are ` right-to-work ' which really means ` right-to-fire ' . 
  you have it around the wrong way . 
  there 's far too few qualified , competent programmers and far too many jobs . 
  that 's just wrong . 
  that 's asinine . 
  the combat stats on drs are not the reason that bug tends to beat rug . 
  midrange tends to beat tempo , that 's all . 
  midrange decks like bug delver tend to have mana acceleration and bigger threats that lightning bolt finds hard to deal with . 
  terminus being gone is a relief . 
  i wish it had just been terminus . 
  i want to play countertop bant for fuck 's sake . 
  again , i think it shows a fundamental lack of respect for an employee if you 're expecting them to spend a day ( or even longer ! ), 
  being interviewed . 
  i have little to no interest working for an employer that does n't respect me . 
  asking someone to write some code at home is n't what i have a problem with . 
  the problem is that it 's not just a little bit of code , it 's a lot . 
  it 's days worth of code sometimes , and nearly always a few hours at least . 
  that 's just offensive to me . 
  this is one of the few industries where labour is in demand . 
  i could understand lawyers struggling through days and days of interviews to find jobs given the massive oversupply of law graduates , but qualified software developers are in massive demand . 
  why settle for some of the worst , most disrespectful and unfair hiring practices in the developed world for such an in-demand job ? 
  it 's also pretty unfair to people that already have a job , or who are working multiple jobs . 
  it 's unfair to people that need to look after their kids outside of work hours . 
  but the reality is that we know that that 's probably on purpose , and if it is n't exactly on purpose it 's certainly a happy side effect for most of these companies to filter out people with commitments outside of work hours . 
  they want ` dedicated ' employees , by which they mean employees happy to work unpaid overtime . 
  it 's not better for limited . 
  cubes are in my experience a more fun way to play the game than draft . 
  is it easier for beginners , but magic was n't exactly dying before they made this change . 
  quite the opposite . 
  a lot of people confuse the emphasis on creatures and the total killing of non-creature-based strategies with the new world order stuff , that was well before this . 
  but sets like innistrad and scars of mirrodin were post-nwo and we were still able to use cards like lightning bolt in standard , we still had access to mana leak , they still printed ponder and preordain , at common . 
  the creature-focused push came later , really starting with theros imo . 
  theros was the first set that really , * really * pushed creatures , and the rtr-theros standard was the last one that really felt like old magic . 
  then quite soon after that they printed siege rhino , really opening the gates for ridiculous creatures , even more so than the titans , which were earlier but at least expensive . 
  khans block really cemented this view , and basically ever since theros we have n't seen unconditional 4-mana wraths or g-costed mana acceleration . 
  the reality is that magic is a completely different game from what it was just a few years ago . 
  some would argue it 's been poorly designed ever since black lost dark ritual , or at least ever since blue lost counterspell , but i think the true marker for when magic lost its magic was when they stopped printing birds of paradise . 
  an iconic example of a card that was core to what made mtg the game it was in standard , a completely fair and balanced card , stopped being printed . 
  m12 had that , it had mana leak , it had turn 1 mana acceleration , and it had a 4-mana board wipe . 
  m13 did n't have good countermagic , good turn 1 mana acceleration , good board wipes or really good anything . 
  2013 was the year magic went from being mtg to being creatures the midranging . 
  it 's essentially the same thing : the states that have either tend to have both . 
  that 's because you have n't run ` mypy ` . 
  run ` mypy ` and it will give you an error . 
  javascript is widely advertised as being ` totally fixed ' by running 15 different layers of linters , syntax transformers , compile-to-js languages and huge slow frameworks that totally change how you write your code . 
  python becomes statically typed if you use a single static analysis tool and that solves essentially every problem anyone has ever had with it . 
  personally i do n't use mypy , because i do n't think that static typing actually has any advantages . 
  people go on and on and on , on this subreddit , about static typing . 
  but there is no scientific evidence that static typing produces more or fewer bugs , more or less productivity , and the list goes on . 
  there 's no scientific evidence it helps , i do n't feel it helps , so i do n't use it . 
  but i use the annotations and mypy , as they 're an easier way to mark types on functions i feel could do with being marked , and it makes the language gradually typed , which i feel helps me write code better . 
  strict static typing gets in the way , total lack of typing is too loose , gradual typing is the perfect mix . 
  for me . 
  and the annotations are good documentation . 
  but python lets you choose basically anywhere on that scale . 
  it 's completely up to you . 
   they kinda are . 
  when you ca n't get a job because you 're not literate or do n't even have a high school education , you ca n't advance up the social ladder and have dysfunctional families , what else are you going to do ? 
  when there 's something that offers damn good money for a little bit of risk , what are you going to do ? 
  you 're going to go for the money because you have no other option . 
  new zealand has free , high quality public education through to year 13 . 
  there 's really no excuse not to be literate . 
   everything you say is a myth turns out to be hard fact . 
  how about you accept reality instead of pretending that your ignorant and uneducated view of the world is the one that is correct . 
   people turn to crime not because they steal for their families but to make money . 
  crime pays . 
  recently the police raided the headhunters gang and seized two million dollars in assets , mostly cars , cash , firearms , motorcycles etc. 
  you know what the gang was making ? 
  meth . 
  you know what the most popular hard drug is in new zealand at the moment ? 
  meth . 
  you ca n't sit there and tell me that people in poverty are n't going to look at some gang leader in a pimped out car who is rolling in cash and thinking `` shit , why ca n't i get a piece of that ? '', 
  that 's naive . 
  you are totally and utterly missing the point . 
  that 's not crime to feed the family , that 's greed . 
  people that make or distribute methamphetamine know how incredibly harmful it is to families , to themselves , to users and to society . 
  yet they do it anyway . 
  they do n't care . 
  nobody that sells p ( it 's not called ` meth ' in nz , btw ) does it out of desperation . 
   and your `` solution '' is to throw everyone in jail . 
  it does absolutely nothing to address the reasons of why people become criminals in the first place . 
  where did i say my ` solution ' was to throw everyone in jail ? 
  are you retarded ? 
  you literally quoted me saying that we need to solve the socioeconomic divide between maori and non-maori , and interpret that was ` we need to throw everyone in jail ' . 
  you quoted me saying that maori tend to commit more crime on average and interpreted that as ` all maori are criminals ' . 
  you literally interpret everything i say not just in the worst possible light , but just as the worst possible vaguely related statement that you can think of . 
  you do n't just misinterpret the things i say , you actually replace them , in your head , with something far , far worse . 
  you 're mentally ill .
