  the game 's aim is that casuals will give them loads of money because it looks cool . 
  it 's still revolutionary and groundbreaking . 
  peoples ' tastes are not changing . 
  all mmorpgs are pay to win . 
   are you looking for a historically accurate population mix , or is it `` only white people need apply '' ? 
  lol . 
  ` only white people ' is historically accurate in most of northern and western europe . 
  if a game is full of spaniards and there are no moors , then sure it 's historically inaccurate . 
  the forced , fake diversity of lots of medieval tv shows and games these days is just that : forced and fake . 
  the entire point of his comment was to imply that i was saying that , dude . 
  no , he was implying that i was saying something that implied that his business did n't exist . 
  fig 1 . 
   i know of two ( ? ), 
  functional doomsday piles without top, 
  lol , what ? 
  there are hundreds of doomsday piles without top . 
  there are entire spreadsheets of doomsday piles without top . 
  i ca n't believe you 've actually played the deck if you think there are only two doomsday piles without top ... 
  it 's not a sign of anything remotely relevant . 
  the deck is completely fine . 
  there 's lots of discussion on the storm boards and the consensus is that the deck is just as good as it was before top . 
   it 's a mix of several of those things, 
  ddft is more consistent and more resilient than any other combo deck in the format barring perhaps high tide . 
  it 's just not as fast . 
   you 're coming off very aggressive , as if i said ddft is a shitpile . 
  he 's aggressive because this forum is full of hypocrites . 
  whenever someone talks about ` diversity in legacy ' people are quick to respond that you can ` play whatever deck you like ' , but whenever someone talks about doomsday people act like playing a storm deck that is n't ant is a fucking sin . 
  the claim that it 's ` unbeatable if played well ' has never been a serious one . 
  it was a * joke * that people made . 
  but it * is * a resilient deck . 
   500 legacy players in california, 
  there are way , way more legacy players in the world than the small selection that go to magic stores and tournaments . 
  simply saying ` raw power ' does n't mean much either . 
  why should n't he comment ? 
  people saying ridiculous things like ` there are only two doomsday piles left now ' need to be ridiculed . 
  there are literally hundreds of doomsday piles . 
  whenever someone plays an odd variant of something , it gets posted here and discussed . 
  whenever someone plays a standard version of a deck , it gets ignored . 
  so expect people here to suggest lots of weird things . 
  but fundamentally , the standard solid gwb maverick deck with mainboard thalia and sideboard thoughtseize and that pretty normal solid established shit is where you want to be . 
  not playing ramunap excavator . 
  save the spice for when you get really familiar with the deck and want to change things up . 
  the deck is extremely consistent when you do n't go around adding a dozen random 1-ofs and 2-ofs to it like you sometimes see . 
  what ? 
  that makes no sense . 
  again this fallacy of ` good at fnm ' . 
  a deck being good or bad is independent of tournament length . 
  now that is reasonable, 
  the misplay by the red aggro player ? 
  hardly a difficult deck ... 
   he is the only tv political reporter who did n't kowtow to the national party leaders, 
  if so then that 's pretty sad for the rest of them , given that he looks to me like he kowtows to the nats plenty . 
  no , he 's not . 
  he 's being downvoted for talking rubbish . 
   someone has to own property . 
  false . 
  nobody has to own property . 
   money invested in shares actively builds other businesses . 
  no , it does n't . 
  we have more than enough domestic demand for investment vehicles to provide capital to businesses . 
  the system is set up so that it 's preferentially put into buying residential properties and fucking interest payments to australian banks . 
   money saved in a bank is lent it to others . 
  ah my favourite part of the new zealand economy : handling ` inflation ' by increasing the rate at which kiwis send money to australia . 
  ddft is more about learning prepared lines than having to think creatively . 
  that 's not to say that you do n't have to think creatively , but . . really . . it 's not as hard as people say . 
  people make mistakes with every deck . 
  miracles made plenty of top 8s despite being renowned for making players more likely to draw and more likely to be exhausted by going to time every round , and it had plenty of decisions to be made while playing that could result in you losing the game . 
  i meant counter/top miracles , sorry . 
  and that deck had a ** lot ** of decisions . 
  well southern europe had a small amount of migration from africa , and eastern europe had a small amount of migration from asia . 
  but predominantly , europe was white . 
  like , not just as predominantly as we think of as ` predominant ' today . 
  way more . 
   if nobody owns property then nobody can build on it or do anything productive with it . 
  making a bunch of assumptions about all the possible configurations of our economic system does n't make you any more convincing . 
   you need to do some reading on how business funding works . 
  it is all through equity or debt . 
  banks do not lend unsecured for development . 
  they only lend against fixed assets . 
  so you do n't understand what i said . 
  okay , that 's fine . 
  re-read it and come back . 
   you do realise that nz mortgages are more than nz savings ? 
  we are a net borrower . 
  you do realise that starting sentences with ` you do realise ' makes you an annoying cunt , right ? 
  ` labour and national have hardly anything to differentiate them ', 
  except for housing , climate change , workers ' rights , water quality , immigration , foreign house ownership , minimum wage , benefits , education funding , health funding , conservation , fisheries , and * y' know , basically every single fucking area of policy they could be different on * , they 're totally the same yeah . 
  idiot . 
  ignore him , he 's an idiot . 
  winston peters will never be prime minister . 
  nobody will let him be . 
  he 's also not a racist . 
   two-house system , with iwi, 
  yes , we unfortunately have a large number of private , unelected , race-based organisations influencing government policy . 
  the us supreme court interprets the us constitution in a frankly ridiculous way . 
  they are essentially political . 
  it 's completely up to the personal opinion of the judges as to whether gay marriage should be legal . 
  why the fuck are you quoting the irs ? 
  you 've never heard of a business loan ? 
  or a business investment ?
