  and it really is a fantastic feature . 
  wow 's not pay to win because they charge a subscription . 
  where the fuck did i say that ? 
  they 're pay to win because you can buy gold directly from the developers in wow . 
  that 's not how the economics of it works . 
  the vast majority of their income comes from a small group of whales . 
  supreme verdict is much better than terminus . 
  supreme verdict does n't force you to play slow , terrible , durdly , outdated topdeck manipulation cards like portent . 
  that 's because you 're ( plural you , ffxiv players in general ) are stuck in the wow clone mindset . 
  the mindset that your gear basically * is * your character . 
  the mindset that everything you need should be in your inventory all the time . 
  if you need or want to wear particular gear for a particular monster , then you get that gear out of the bank before going to fight that monster . 
  if you are n't going to fight anything , then you do n't wear any armour at all . 
   i see countless topics started about people searching for that perfect free game that they wo n't need to spend a dime on , yet somehow get endless hours of quality gameplay . 
  i 'm sorry to say , this game does n't exist , and i find it unbelievably greedy to even ask this of any developer . 
  i see you have n't played dota 2 . 
  that 's not true . 
  blocks are 2-4 sets in a row that take place on the same plane or planes , tell a continuous story , are * thematically and mechanically * linked , ** rotate in and out of standard together ** , and are drafted together ( at least in part ) . 
  rotating together is absolutely integral to blocks existing . 
  that 's what makes them feel cohesive : they rotate out of standard together and they draft together , and they are both * thematically * and * mechanically * linked . 
  those are all * really * important . 
  these new sets will not be blocks . 
   my point still stands , that even if a game or mmo is entirely free , why not spend 5-10 $ just to show appreciation and support for a game you enjoy ? 
  it seems awfully greedy to not do so . 
  because i do n't care about ` supporting ' a product . 
  for-profit companies can either charge for their shit or accept people will play it for free . 
  that 's not my problem . 
  why would i spend money on things just to ` show support ' or something . 
  that 's inane . 
  if they have something worthwhile to sell me i 'll pay for it . 
  ` pve gear ' is a retarded concept . 
  it 's just gear . 
  all gear should just be gear . 
  and gear should n't be what decides who wins in a fight . 
  should i donate some money to microsoft to ` support ' their operating system ? 
  should i donate some money to the local supermarket to ` support ' them ? 
  if they produce things that i think have value , and they charge a price i think is fair , i will pay it . 
  i have bought cosmetic items in most games with cosmetic cash shops that i 've played . 
  i buy expansion packs . 
  i pay subscription fees . 
  i buy games . 
  i 'm not going to buy a cosmetic item i do n't like or want or feel is worthy of my money just so i can support a for-profit enterprise . 
  i do n't care about supporting them . 
  they can support themselves . 
  that 's inane . 
  they could be a lot more innovative than they are . 
  exactly the same way as it works in dota ... 
  mmorpgs do n't need any more content than dota has . 
   the `` everything should be in my inventory '' mindset is probably a hoarder or a multi-classes . 
  no it 's the wow mindset that you are basically always ready . 
  everything always equipped , inventory always has the same things in it , etc. 
  which you buy from the developers . 
  that 's pay to win . 
   it 's like calling a 3bet preflop with qq and seeing the flop come ak7 suited . 
  wow it really has shot up . 
  i got a nm tabernocolo for $ 640 in december 2015 . 
  18 months later it 's * doubled * in price ? 
  you double-posted . 
  that 's hilarious . 
   it 's 30-day subscription , of course you buy it from developers . 
  it 's a tradeable in-game item that you can buy from the developers . 
  that makes it pay to win . 
  end of story . 
  no questions asked . 
  you can spend money , and get more in-game money . 
  that 's pay to win . 
  it does n't matter how you do it , if it 's through official game mechanics it 's pay to win . 
  there 's a huge difference between dev-supported p2w and illegal rmt . 
  that 's definitely untrue . 
  there are way , way fewer bosses released these days than there used to be . 
  that 's just rubbish . 
  there 's plenty of room for interesting gameplay when you have to prepare for different encounters differently . 
  sure , it 's just easier to say ` illegal ' than ` against the end user license agreement ' . 
  rmt is not p2w . 
  rmt is not a microtransaction . 
   a shame that wow has destroyed the definition of success . 
  any mmo with that many people is labeled a failure and many would n't even give it a chance . 
  that 's just not true though . 
  the games that get half a million players and are labelled failures are games like swtor , that had massive budgets and aimed to get millions of players . 
  swtor was only financially justified if it got that many players . 
  lower budget games with that many players would be roaring successes . 
  i ca n't remember the last time i saw a game criticised as being dead or empty for having < 1m players . 
  ( note that in the second one the author says ` this is the best ' but then makes it clear it 's just his opinion , and lots of people do it differently ), 
  player counts do matter . 
  but people are n't talking about games with half a mil players . 
  pay to win is by definition limited to microtransactions . 
  that 's what it means . 
  any game with non-cosmetic microtransactions is pay to win . 
  you asked me to give you an example of a game that does ` it ' in an interesting way . 
  clearly you ca n't have meant ` it ' to refer to something that you view as inherently uninteresting . 
  if you view ` resist check ' fights as inherently uninteresting and incapable of being made interesting , then clearly you ca n't have meant ` show me an interesting resist check fight ' . 
  i understood you to mean ` give some examples of games that do [ different fights requiring different gear ] in an interesting way ' . 
  also runescape definitely does specifically that as well : lots of monsters are best fought in dragonhide armour rather than metal armour , as metal armour is highly magically conductive and has very poor magic resistance . 
   pay for convenience like xp boosts, 
  pay to win * . 
  stop using weasel words . 
   none of it provides any stat increases whatsoever , just exp bonuses, 
  oh yes i 'm sure getting xp does n't provide stat increases !, 
   iiuc they 're faked frequently, 
  no they are n't .
