  that is the only way to prevent this corrupt behaviour . 
   little himself unreservedly withdrew his statement and apologised . 
  does n't mean it 's any less true . 
  what an appalling idea . 
  ** there 're ** . 
  it 's short for ` there are ' . 
  not ` there is ' . 
  if you 're going to correct someone , at least correct them correctly . 
  who said anything about the ignition being off ? 
   also note that prior to the last election all the media covered kimdotcoms town hall extravaganza at length that was a direct hit on the leader of the national . 
  i think the fact you think this just shows how blind you are . 
  all the media covered it , but they spent the entire time being incredibly negative towards it . 
  they did n't talk about the issues at play . 
  they basically said ` everyone is saying this is rubbish ' the entire time , before anyone had had a chance to say so . 
  that 's the problem with the media . 
  they constantly act like they are some independent third party and are just quoting ` media commentators ' . 
  but they employ the media commentators !, 
  and the media commentators copy them !, 
  they say ` media commentators are saying that kim dotcom is n't connecting with voters ' and things like that . 
  well now they 're saying it , because the so-called media commentators just say whatever they 're said to have said . 
  this was before any polls had come out on kim dotcom . 
  the media decides on the angle they want to present , and then they present it . 
  if there are supporting facts , they use them . 
  if there are any facts that go against what they have decided their angle is , they ignore them . 
   the rebuilt roads with motherfuckin ' segregated bike lanes modeled on copenhagen, 
  the problem with these is that they 're fucking impossibly dangerous to drive on . 
  seriously , look at intersections like the one to turn onto ferry road when you 're coming from sumner . 
  to get onto ferry road you have to switch to the left-most lane and turn across cycle lanes , because whatever idiot designed the intersection seemed to think it would be a good idea to have the main flow of the road go right instead of just carrying onto ferry road . 
  what the hell ? 
  and then there 's all the terrible new roads around colombo street/ballentynes/etc . 
  lots of bike stuff , sure , and that 's fine if you are a cyclist , but it makes it so incredibly inconvenient for anyone else to get around . 
  want to drop someone off or pick someone up ? 
  sorry , no parks . 
  at all . 
  none . 
  i 'd much prefer if they either made it convenient to drive or they just made it pedestrian only . 
  why should that part of colombo street have roads ? 
  and then go over to . . manchester street for example . 
  it 's narrowed down to a single lane of traffic , and i bet when they open it up it will be more of the same : incredibly narrow roads , no drop off or pick up points that you can actually get into ( because they cut in so sharply ) , etc. 
  again , either make it drivable or get rid of it . 
  i 'd rather have those roads pedestrian and cycling only than so obnoxious towards drivers . 
  and it 's just * so slow * . 
  they need to just get it done . 
  i do n't care if they have to employ more people to do so , just do it . 
  they have done it so poorly . 
  they 've started so many projects at once . 
  they need to start things , have people working in shifts 24 hours a day , and complete them , then move on to the next thing . 
  look at durham street ? 
  it 's two lanes most of the way , but it 's still a single lane at one spot , and as a result the traffic along the entire stretch from victoria street to tuam street goes as fast as if it were just one lane the whole way . 
  are they working on it ? 
  no , of course not . 
  far far better would be if they actually just shut it down , fixed it , then opened it up . 
  instead they persist with this stupid `` close one lane , do the other '' crap , which slows down the whole process by about 10x . 
  it 's so incredibly frustrating . 
  they need to actually get on with things . 
   we are committed to making participation in this project a harassment-free experience for everyone , regardless of level of experience , gender , gender identity and expression , sexual orientation , disability , personal appearance , body size , race , ethnicity , age , or religion . 
  ` project ', 
  right , but once the ignition is off you get out of the car . 
  so people tooting at you while you 're not in your car is n't very useful . 
   it might be too hard to do it for every flavour of linux , but with just a few cases it will work for 99 % of linux users !, 
  it 's trivially easy . 
  there 's a locale set . 
  just use the locale . 
   years and years of software being written to assume names were ascii . 
  they did n't want to break everything so squeezed unicode into some of the odder corners of ascii that are n't actually used yet . 
  it 's really quite an interesting encoding ( though that description is n't great ) . 
  that 's what utf-8 is , already . 
  we already had a solution for things that assume that characters are ascii , it 's called utf-8 . 
  it quite literally ` squeezed unicode into some of the odder corners of ascii that are n't actually used yet ' : the top bit . 
  how does that fix anything ? 
  that just breaks punycode domain names . . that 's terrible . 
  christ i hate millennials . 
  and i am one . 
  the definitive guide to not going insane about your side projects is to be a well-adjusted adult that does n't ` go insane ' over not completing things , or better yet , actually completes things . 
  there 's no lack of supply of programmers . 
  computer science is n't ` too theoretical ' . 
  it 's not software engineering . 
  you would n't do a physics degree and expect to be prepared to build buildings . 
  why the hell would you do a computer science degree and expect to be prepared to build software ? 
   frankly , most cs students do n't really do the `` doing '' part - that is , pursuing real side-projects with nontrivial time commitment and technical challenges . 
  why would they ? 
  nobody expects physics students to do ` side projects ' of designing buildings . 
  if you want to be a structural engineer you do a civil engineering degree . 
  you do n't do physics . 
  if people want to be professional programmers , they should do engineering degrees and specialise in software . 
  software has a hell of a lot to learn from other engineering disciplines , imo . 
  that might involve being less ` velocity ' or whatever the fuck the buzzword is , but it would result in the failure rate of software projects being below what it currently is ( which is fucking high ) . 
  i certainly do n't complete all my projects . 
  i just do n't get wracked with guilt over that fact . 
  it should n't have anything to do with your keyboard . 
  if your locale is set to language x , you should see language x in the url bar . 
  i do n't really agree that it fixes anything . 
   because this article is about a shortage in talented engineers . 
  perhaps this is regional , but i 'd argue in the us the majority of degrees are in cs ; i 've never really heard of a degree in software engineering , though there are cs + eng degrees . 
  then those people are pretty silly for doing the wrong degree , are n't they ? 
   regardless of your degree , what tends to speak words to recruiters and engineers when you 're first starting off is projects and practical experience . 
  if you 're going to get a real-world job in software engineering , they 're going to want you to have as close to real-world , practical engineering experience as possible . 
  frankly , you can get through many cs programs with very little of that , once again because cs is n't software engineering . 
  right , and cs is n't software engineering . 
  but it should n't be pushed to become software engineering .
