  they were jews that were being annihilated by genocide . 
  being alive in a country where there is a war is n't grounds for being a refugee . 
  get off your arse and fight for your country . 
  and that is exactly why investor-state dispute provisions are a bad thing . 
  water consents are n't contracts . 
  they are a * privilege * and not a * right * . 
   old railway building, 
  which had been a fucking movie theatre for years . 
  hardly nice . 
  we all know there will be one soon . 
  it 's an election campaign . 
  when is soon ? 
   yes . 
  if it had the nats ahead of labour but the greens on their current level , i 'd think it was a bit less off . 
  so polls are accurate if they confirm your biases ? 
   its a bit of an outlier ( only a couple of percentage points , but this is a very close election ) and other polls have n't been replicating its findings . 
  ... because they 're over different time periods . 
   other polls seem to indicate that nats are at least a point or two ahead of labour even now , but potentially unable to form a government even with nzf and act . 
  nzf , act , maori and nats maybe , but that would be hellishly unstable given how maori and act loathe nzf . 
  lol ? 
  other polls are old . 
  fuck ads and fuck an hour delay . 
  freeview satellite is n't hd . 
  i want to stream the rugby in 4k . 
  i hope not . 
  if they do they 'll be completely fucked by the commerce commission . 
  that 's illegal anticompetitive behaviour . 
  amazon does n't really turn a profit . 
  it has n't for years . 
  they might be starting to now , but that will be a first . 
  is it ? 
  or are they constantly changing the format because they think the problem is the format when the problem is sky ? 
  they do n't mean the same thing . 
  urban sprawl is unfair to the poor sods that have to live on the outskirts and have a 90 minute commute . 
  the problem is really that the polls cover periods that are absolutely not ` the week before ' with any consistency , yet they are presented in the media as if they do . 
  does n't matter . 
  not wanting to fight does n't make you a refugee . 
  should the entire population of syria be able to just leave and come to europe ? 
  the entire population of the middle east ? 
  yes , exactly . 
  forced . 
  you are n't forced to leave your country because a war is on . 
  war and genocide are n't the same thing . 
  the implication here is that these refugees would be as valuable as german jews . 
   all sides in syria are conscripting or press-ganging men into service . 
  if you do n't want to fight the war and the war has come to your home ( and it has because it is a civil war ) and so then as conscription , then you will be forced to flee to escape the war . 
  conscription is n't genocide . 
  conscription has been used in war for the entire history of war . 
  you are n't ` forced ' to flee to pussy out of being conscripted . 
  sorry mate , but that 's not what being a refugee means . 
   if you fear for your own life and your family 's life because of the indiscriminate bombings and shelling , you will be forced to flee to escape the war . 
  that 's not what being a refugee means . 
   if you are in a zone held by pretty much any of the combatants in syria , you will be under risk of persecution and conscription , and will be forced to flee your home to escape the war . 
  no you are n't . 
  if you 're * actually * being persecuted ? 
  maybe . 
  but conscription is not persecution , at all . 
  the uk used persection in wwii . 
  does that make every conscientious objector a fucking refugee ? 
   grow some fucking empathy , followed by a functioning brain please . 
  disliking the country you are in , which is at war , does not make you a refugee . 
  i have empathy for them , in syria . 
  i do n't think that they are refugees . 
  the people own new zealand 's water . 
  maori are nz citizens . 
  their share is whatever any other new zealand citizen 's share is . 
  oh they agree , do they ? 
  a bunch of maori that stand to gain from supposedly owning the water agree with a bunch of maori that think that maori should own the water ? 
  no they ca n't . 
  natural resources can not and do not belong to a person or iwi . 
   pounamu is an example of this in law already . 
  pounamu is a natural resource , in a defined area , it does n't belong to everyone - it belongs to ngai tahu . 
  no , it belongs to everyone . 
  it 's a natural resource . 
  it has been stolen by ngai tahu , through the cronyism of their friends in parliament giving them special privileges . 
   you might find it unsettling - but this country was founded on an agreement between two groups of people . 
  no , it was n't . 
   the rights are not allocated on the basis of race , but by descent from rightsholders ( race is simply correlative - because there were no other races apart from maori here to negotiate with the british ) . 
  no , the rights are allocated based on the fundamental reality that human rights ( which are actually important ) override 150-year-old long-irrelevant peace treaties ( which are n't ) . 
   the expectation that water would be shared does n't extend as far as common ownership . 
  yes it does . 
  water is not owned by maori . 
  end of story . 
  she is n't ` evil ' . 
  she is n't ` good ' . 
  it does n't work that way . 
  people are nuanced . 
   uper fucked up . 
  take a look at charles ii of spain . 
  he had a inbreeding coefficient of 0.254, 
  that does n't at all mean that two siblings having a child irl will cause someone like charles ii . 
  fuck off retard, 
   you run the risk of cherry picking lines to justify conclusions you want . 
  you mean exactly what you are doing ? 
   i think you have to really separate show and books here . 
  no , you do . 
  your entire post is based around the ridiculous idea that the show has n't massively diverged from the books . 
  unexpected , unforeseen death is n't ' a theme in the series ' as much as it 's a theme in all fiction . 
  a stupid plan is out of character for tyrion, 
  no it does n't .
