  of course this is different . 
  the point is that a bot for an mmo needs to do two things : it needs to do this ( strategy ) and it needs to do that ( movement/tactics ) . 
  there 's the ` thinking ' and the ` mechanics ' . 
  you need to make decisions and you need to execute those decisions . 
  a chess ai only makes decisions , executing them is trivial . 
  an aimbot is all about executing decisions , making them is pretty close to trivial . 
  an mmo bot is basically in the middle : it needs to do both . 
  making decisions is n't trivial - there are lots of things to be doing in an mmo 's combat system , whether it 's repositioning or attacking or healing or whatever - and executing them is n't trivial . 
  but compared to an aimbot or a chess ai , execution and decision making , respectively , are quite trivial . 
  the point of the thread was that the claim that some action combat would make mmos unbottable or significantly more difficult to bot is just utter rubbish . 
  because you 're confused about two different meanings of boring . 
  lol you can think that all you like , but i 'm not offended . 
  i think it 's hilarious how stupid you are . 
  it 's not difficult to recognise the sorts of bots people use in mmorpgs . 
  they 're usually very simplistic , especially ones doing things like gathering materials . 
  yes and no . 
  there are things in games that are very very difficult to write ai to do . 
  complex decision making , making tradeoffs , evaluating the impact of tiny moves ? 
  these are things that ( very well-written ) bots can do with ease . 
  long-term strategic thinking ? 
  qualitative decision making about what general activities to do ? 
  not so much . 
  acting in a natural way that makes them look like real players ? 
  almost impossible . 
  you can use statistical methods to analyse the difference between the ways bots use the mouse and the ways humans use the mouse . 
  you can say that all you like , but there are plenty of games without a bot problem and plenty of games with a bot problem . 
  writing bots is expensive and time-consuming . 
  it 's difficult and if the reward is low for the effort they 'll go and bot another game where the developers are n't trying to fight them . 
   why buy gold from a sketchy bot when i can buy it from the developer ? 
  developer selling gold is pay to win . 
  why bother fighting bots if you 're going to just ruin the game in doing so ? 
   why bot to level if it 's enjoyable ? 
  now this is a good solution . 
   noone 's talking about how hard or easy it is to detect your bot here . 
  now your just spinning off topic wildly = /, 
  that 's the entire point of the thread you moronic retard, 
   noone ever said `` a little action combat '' either, 
  that 's what he said . 
  he said that adding action combat would prevent bots . 
  chess is objectively not boring . 
  you are stupid . 
  if it 's easily detectable as a bot it 's not an effective bot . 
  and ? 
  what does that have to do with anything ? 
  i 've already said it might not interest you . 
  but on an objective basis , it 's not boring . 
  you know what ? 
  forget it . 
  you focus on yourself and ignore the objective definition of the word ` boring ' . 
  it 's objectively not boring . 
  you just do n't understand the concept of objectivity . 
   i 've been spending some time here and in / r/wowservers over the past few weeks , and i love how wide the range of opinions on wow 's `` downfall '' are . 
  wow you sure do n't seem biased . 
  putting downfall into quotes really makes you seem like you 're here to have a discussion and not to just rant like an idiot . 
   some people think it was cata , others think mop , others wotlk ( ? 
  ) , and some guys were even calling out bc . 
  because it 's a debatable topic . 
  it also really depends on a lot of factors . 
  what counts as ` the downfall ' . 
  in reality it totally depends on what you mean by words . 
  some people will say that wotlk was the downfall of wow , because that 's when the population peaked and therefore that 's when the game started to become bad . 
  some people will say that cata was the downfall of wow , because that 's when the population really started to drop off , and therefore that 's when the game became really bad . 
  neither of them are wrong , they just mean different things by ` downfall ' . 
  burning crusade had a lot of issues . 
  totally wiping peoples ' progress was a shitty thing to do . 
   the range of reasons is just as wide . 
  lfr , lfg , death of wpvp , ease of questing , czr and sharding , all the usual suspects show up . 
  but then you have people fingering the really weird niche stuff like transmog or pet battles . 
  i 've even had some guys tell me they prefer vanilla leveling because of the grinding gaps . 
  nobody is saying one specific thing caused all of wow 's issues . 
  lfr , lfg , death of world pvp , ease of questing and czr ** all ** contribute to wow being a bad game . 
   but then you have people fingering the really weird niche stuff like transmog or pet battles . 
  transmogrification is just part of it . 
  pet battles really cemented in many players ' eyes that blizzard were focused more than ever on their idea of the casual player . 
   i 've even had some guys tell me they prefer vanilla leveling because of the grinding gaps . 
  levelling in vanilla was better than it is today . 
  it 's better to have a little less content than a little more , because it means that you can experience all of it without it becoming too easy . 
   i 've played wow on and off since vanilla , and i have my own opinions on the evolution of the game . 
  but i love how authoritatively people give the reason or the expansion that wow started to fall off . 
  out of all of the hundreds of critiques i 've read , all of them have been unique in one way or another . 
  i think the real magic of wow often lies in the time or place we experienced it , and that 's one of the reasons why so many people feel that their reason is the reason wow is n't fun anymore . 
  the reason wow is n't fun is a combination of all of those factors . 
   people say wow legion is a good expansion and it brought a lot of players back, 
  well it is n't a good expansion . 
   i just ignore the bitter wow veterans who reminiscence about the glory days of vanilla wow those days are over and they refuse to accept that . 
  nobody refuses to accept anything . 
  everyone acknowledges that vanilla is n't the retail version anymore . 
  literally everyone does . 
   that being said screw retail leveling and screw vanilla leveling . 
  they 're at the opposite end of the scale , vanillia is soul crushingly grindy and retail is way too easy, 
  ` soul crushingly grindy ' ? 
  it 's not grindy . 
  it 's actually fun playing your character . 
  maybe choose a character that is fun to play and you will enjoy playing the game . 
   leveling in retail is a mess , blizzard 's designers have acknowledged it but i do n't think there are easy fixes for it . 
  heirlooms have kind of fucked everything up , and lore-wise the 0-100 story is just nonsensical . 
  they have no interest in improving it , because why would they cut off that glorious income source of people boosting to level 100 ? 
   my guess is that leveling will eventually be redone in a new xpac , with the experience hopefully being shrunk down to a few zones . 
  for example , you might let the player do 4 zones to get to 60 , then one xpac to get to max level . 
  that way people can experience different storylines with alts,
