   ( 3 sets per block to 2 sets per block , and the elimination core sets ) . 
  that did n't change their business model . 
  that 's their product structure . 
  their business model is packs of 15 cards priced at $ x ( where i do n't know x because i 'm not american and we use different numbers here ) . 
   if corbyn won and the conservatives did a no confidence vote you 'd be calling them undemocratic fascists, 
  well if corbyn won they could n't perform a no confidence vote , as they would n't have enough votes in parliament to . 
   moving away from fptp because you do n't want hung parliaments and coalitions is silly . 
  you do understand that losing fptp means there will * always * be coalitions right ? 
   for what it 's worth , i 'm from nz and the coalition governments we have had since introducing mmp have been pretty effective . 
  no they have n't . 
  they 've always just resulted in the minor partners disappearing in exactly the same way as the lib dems in the uk . 
  no , they campaigned as abstentionists . 
   achieving a simple majority is always gon na be tough because parliament starts by default with 7 less mps because sinn fein abstain . 
  you do n't actually need 326 though , right ? 
  you need a majority of those present . 
  there are better cards to play in that slot . 
  the value you get from replacing a card with a nether spirit is huge , the value you get from replacing a card with a * second * nether spirit is much smaller , and i think overall a negative . 
  i play loam in my pox deck , which obviously means i have much less control over the nether spirit getting into my graveyard . 
  but i still think that one is correct . 
  ... yeah i read that as ` we should move away from fptp because hung parliaments and coalitions are silly ' . 
  new players will buy them . 
  they have lots of new-player-focused products already . 
  a new one that was standard-legal and had important core cards for standard would be a good thing . 
  fair enough . 
  that 's fair . 
  they were entirely wrong in my opinion . 
  i did n't say it was n't . 
  did you read my comment ? 
  ** it 's a preorder . 
  that 's what everyone treats it as . 
  ** the fine print is irrelevant , unenforceable nonsense , like all eulas . 
   investments let you get part of the profit . 
  this does n't . 
  you are just paying for a product early . 
  i do n't think it 's unfair . 
  i think it 's completely fair . 
  single issue national parties get shat on by fptp . 
  fptp forces you to have a broad appeal . 
  it 's not like the uk is a two-party system . 
  there are just regional parties . 
  regional parties still have that broad full manifesto . 
  they * could * govern . 
  that 's the bias of the system . 
  it 's not proportional . 
  it 's not meant to be . 
  but that 's the point . 
  labour does n't get those . 
  the tories do . 
  well of course . 
  you do n't become rich by giving away your money . 
  it 's funny that politicians often seem to think that young people appeal to young voters . 
  and yet bernie sanders and jeremy corbyn just prove that does n't have to be true . 
  experience , wisdom , and not being a neoliberal shit are all very appealing to the young demographic . 
  no shit sherlock . 
  that 's why i said `` imagine how good rootwater shaman would be if it did what it said on the tin and gave all enchantment creatures flash . . '' what it says on the tin is the * card text * and not the * oracle text * . 
  my point was that it would be quite useful if its oracle text were just its card text and it gave all enchantment creatures haste . 
  that 's a different meaning . 
   as if i 'm supposed to be impressed by the sheer prospect of london and manchester having long-distance telecommunications with only 6-8 seconds of delay . 
  yeah what the fuck is this . 
  there 's a shorter delay to fucking nz . 
  again , they should n't be in boosters . 
  they should just be sold . 
  the power-level pendulum literally can not go lower than where it has been for the last 6 years . 
  nobody is saying it should be . 
  but reprinting it for two core sets was not really bad for design and development . 
  it was awesome fun . 
  also , bolt does n't really warp standard any more than any strong card does . 
  it would probably warp standard now but that 's only because standard of 2013-2017 has consistently been ** incredibly ** low powered . 
  the power of * drawing the perfect card * . 
  collected company does not have a ` high likelihood of hitting an infinite combo ' . 
  hitting the right two creatures is , in fact , rare . 
  til 6 years ago was the 90s . 
   most notably the broken phyrexian mana cards, 
  2011 is not ` the last 6 years ' . 
  i was specifically contrasting the era of jace , caw-blade , reprinting bolt and still having bop in standard with today . 
  pro tours have always been boring in-bred tournaments with too much sealed and limited to be of any interest . 
  pauper gp is entirely possible . 
  it wo n't happen , but it could and should !, 
  dealing damage to creatures with flying is n't a bend . 
  it 's completely in-colour . 
  what people that started playing in precisely 2015 call bug . 
  ... what ? 
  it 's not inflammatory to call a straw man a straw man . 
  this one is fair enough that probably was a personal attack, 
  dude , it 's * objectively * more complex . 
  hearthstone does n't even let you interact on your opponent 's turn , which is a huge part of magic 's complexity . 
  have you played both games ? 
  ask anyone , magic is far more complex . 
  mistakenly included combos are not relevant to standard 's overall power level just because they could n't be bothered banning it for a while . 
  again , one overpowered card does n't define standard 's power level . 
  not banworthy though . 
  rtr block was incredibly low power . 
  i should n't have included isd though . 
   vintage and legacy are dead, 
  hahahahahahahahahahaha, 
  as defined by how everyone uses the term . 
  yes , obviously, 
  no , that 's not how magic works . 
  listing pushed cards does n't have any impact on the power level of standard . 
   except for , y' know , the top tier modern deck that was made almost entirely from bfz cards and dominated the format .
