  if you 're in a tiny , tiny minority of players, 
  every twin deck was a tempo combo deck . 
  every twin player has won by attacking with snapcasters or gurmag anglers or tarmogoyfs or even pestermites . 
  there 's nothing ` random ' about either of those wins . 
  one of them in a combo kill that kills in one turn ( two if you count flashing in on your opponent 's end step as a turn ) , the other is just a totally normal deck playing totally normal magic . 
  if death 's shadow + life loss is ` unfair ' or a ` combo ' then so is delver of secrets + instants and sorceries . 
  this actually used to be a valid answer . 
  there was a deck that played kiln field , lots of phyrexian mana spells ( 4x probe , 4x mutagenic growth , 4x gut shot , 4x street wraith , 4x apostle 's blessing , and i 'm sure there were a few others ) , etc. 
  it was great . 
  and of course , death 's shadow . 
  then people realised death 's shadow worked in a non-meme deck . 
   both are playing normal magic decks playing normal magic . 
  pestermite -  splinter twin is not normal magic . 
  splinter twin was a combo deck . 
  combo decks are called ` unfair ' in magic , that 's just how the terminology is used . 
  losing life -  death 's shadow is normal magic . 
  it 's a creature that is very efficient but only when you are at low life . 
  through a big of simple synergy you can help offset that massive risk and drawback of being at low life . 
  death 's shadow does n't break any rules of how magic works . 
  at all . 
  it 's just an efficient creature . 
  it 's the same as tarmogoyf . 
  if you argue that tarmotwin is an unfair deck because tarmogoyf is too cheap to be ` normal magic ' then at least you would be consistent in saying that death 's shadow is unfair , but you 'd still be wrong . 
  you should honestly check out the mtgsalvation forums and post a deck list there . 
  you 'll get a much better reception . 
  when people on this forum are n't whining or posting unsubstantiated theoretical nonsense about bannings and unbannings based on zero data they 're pretending to be incredulous that others are n't doing so . 
  nobody said it always dies to removal . 
  but it dies to basically everything relevant . 
  vanilla wow was a filthy casual game for filthy casuals when it was released . 
  rift was basically what wildstar tried to be : an evolution on the formula that made wow work . 
  rift was to wow as wow was to eq . 
  then in patch 2.3 they went f2p and immediately made the game completely pay to win . 
  lots of offbeat aggro decks can goldfish a turn 3 or turn 4 kill pretty reliably . 
  reliably enough that if they could do so through disruption they 'd be the best decks in the format . 
  they have a tough time against disruption , though . 
  [ [ white sun 's zenith ] ] is the best white control finisher in modern . 
  it 's not a joke . 
  actual edh players say `` this is great in my [ insert terrible 8 mana card that does nothing the turn it enters play ] edh deck if i have [ these two specific cards i have no way to tutor for ] out at the same time '' ** unironically ** . 
  it would still be legal . 
  you can play it in a red edh deck . 
  please do n't send people a link to this every time someone says anything other than ` tes is the best storm deck in legacy ' . 
   if wizards prints a card that just ruins modern by making death 's shadow the best deck , they 're going to take action to stabilize the format . 
  that 's nice . 
  it 's also not at all relevant to anything i said . 
  it 's therefore a really weird thing for you to just randomly say , totally out of context . 
  not sure why you 'd think otherwise because they did it before with eye of ugin . 
  did eye of ugin stop them from printing the eldrazi cards ? 
  that 's the whole point . 
  the claim that wotc bans cards because they * might * in the future be overpowered is just bollocks . 
  the claim that by not banning it they would ` constrain future design space ' or whatever is also bollocks . 
  they simply do not allow themselves to be constrained by modern or legacy or vintage . 
  if things turn out overpowered , they will ban things . 
  arguing that they ban things , as you do in your post , is inane . 
  nobody is saying they do n't ban things or that they wo n't ban things . 
  the claim that you were making before - the claim i responded to - was that by not banning it , they would ` shoot themselves in the foot ' . 
  that 's simply * not * the case . 
  death 's shadow is not overpowered * right now * . 
  if a newly printed card made it overpowered , then that would be the time to ban something . 
  but that 's not right now . 
  you mentioned pod and stoneforge mystic , but they were not banned because they ` constrained design space ' . 
  they absolutely did n't constrain design space . 
  if they were still legal , they would not prevent wotc from printing big delve creatures that work well with pod or powerful equipment . 
  they were banned because :, 
  they wanted to shake up the meta before the pro tour ( pod ), 
  they were scared that modern would be too similar to a reviled standard format , making the format dead on arrival ( stoneforge mystic ), 
  i mean really dude , your entire point is completely taken apart by the eldrazi . 
  if they adopted the ` it will constrain design space ' meme they 'd have pre-emptively banned eldrazi temple or eye of ugin , or they would have not printed those cards . 
  they did print those cards , and * then * they banned eye of ugin . 
  wow . 
  that 's ... stupid . 
  what a terrible set of rules . 
  holy shit that 's a terrible idea . 
   lol , you do n't play magic !, 
  i play a lot of magic . 
   going to 15 on turn one is always an aggressive play in modern, 
  no it is n't . 
  you just said this , and i explained why it 's not an ` aggressive play ' : it 's something that 's very common in modern , something you do in every black deck . 
   people did it , but now it 's much more common since the payoff is a death shadow . 
  that 's just ignorant . 
  it 's something you always want to do in death 's shadow , but it 's something you will always do if it 's what you need to do to cast a turn 1 discard spell in any deck with thoughtseize , fetchlands and shocklands . 
  jund , abzan and grixis midrange decks have been doing this , consistently , for years . 
  those are not aggressive decks . 
  have you literally never played legacy ? 
  are you talking right out of your butthole ? 
  are you trolling ? 
  pact of negation is n't a fair counterspell , it 's designed for combo decks . 
  it 's free on the turn of your combo and then you win . 
  having no mana next turn - or just losing - is not even remotely reasonable in a fair deck . 
  force of will and daze are completely different from pact of negation . 
  the only combo deck that plays force in legacy is show and tell . 
  do you really think ur storm wants to play * card disadvantage * to protect its combo ? 
  lol !, 
  they are getting rid of blocks . 
  i 'll put it this way . 
  they 'd rather print cards that have overpowered synergy with existing cards and then ban things in modern and the eternal formats than constrain themselves to only printing things in new sets that wo n't break modern . 
  that means that death 's shadow will be banned * after * they print a card that 's too good that uses life as a cost ( after they reprint [ [ death wish ] ] ) . 
  they wo n't go ` oh we ca n't reprint this because it will break death 's shadow ' . 
  see , calm and simple and friendly . 
  if your only reasonable way to generate black mana on turn 1 is fetch -  shock and your only discard spell in hand is thoughtseize then you do it 100 % of the time game 1 . 
  it 's completely normal to do so .
