  what can the poor not do when they do n't have any money ? 
  drive the economy . 
  the economy did n't slow down in the gfc because the rich did n't have enough money , right ? 
  you agree with that , i 'm sure . 
  because the rich had plenty of money . 
  the rich actually made money from the gfc . 
  the rich were better off due to the gfc than had it not happened . 
  the economy slowed down because the poor did n't have enough money to spend to drive the economy . 
  the poor drive the economy . 
  the poor having more money leads to economic growth , as they spend everything they earn . 
  howland seems most likely . 
  well yes , british people are notoriously uneducated about economics . 
  they do n't understand that they are being taxed slightly to pay for public services they consume . 
   wrong by any metric imaginable . 
  you 're ignorant . 
   labour voters need to be strapped to a chair and force-fed remedial economics . 
  tory voters need to be strapped to a chair with the electricity turned on . 
  oh ffs , it 's ** clearly ** not . 
   bran says the same thing in the chapter where we hear this story which is all the more reason not to believe it . 
  that 's literally the most ridiculous argument i 've ever read . 
  ` everything grrm writes is 10-dimensional chess and everything is misleading and no character ever says anything that is true ' should be the motto of this subreddit . 
  definitely . 
   meera literally says their father told them this story only once . 
  which , by your logic , means that the number of times he told them can be anything except one . 
   and i think it 's entirely implausible to be howland : he was already too embarrassed of his riding/jousting skills to compete so are we meant to believe that his courage and moxy just made him successful ? 
  are we meant to believe that a teenage girl beat knights ? 
  i think courage is a bit more believable . 
   baelish 's back story with brandon obviously comes to mind as an instance where no of course not . 
  howland can barely sit a horse , let alone participate in a joust . 
  lyanna , meanwhile , is an accomplished rider , she 's already stuck up for howland once , and there is actually precedent for 16 year old girls jousting . 
  in dorne one 16 year old sand girl jousts so much that she 's called `` lady lance . '', 
  again , repeating the same points made in that video over and over again do n't make them more convincing . 
  she jousts a lot , that does n't mean she beats knights . 
   moreover , it is n't ned 's style to join this tourney ( he hates tourneys ) under a pseudonym because why could n't he just be himself ? 
  he wears the stark name proudly , it 's one of his defining traits . 
  lyanna is more than likely the knight of the laughing tree , in my opinion . 
  it 's neither lyanna nor ned : it 's clearly howland , warged by bran through time . 
  bran is told the story , because he has to make it happen . 
  that 's why he 's told it by jojen . 
  his father told jojen it was critical than bran was told the story , but not why , and that 's why jojen is astonished bran had n't heard it . 
  this will be the second time bran goes through time to do something , after hodor . 
  the third time will be the important time , at the climax of the story . 
  rule of three . 
  you 're an idiot . 
  all the same institutions claimed that economic orthodoxy i.e. 
  austerity was correct in the gfc . 
  they were wrong , keynes was right , keynes has always been right . 
   public spending can be fantastic and i like some of corbyn 's ideas on this . 
  i 'm not against nationalisation , if done correctly . 
  nationalisation en masse , on a long-term scale is not something that i think works , any more than handing private companies ridiculously long contracts . 
  we should be keeping things as short as possible so as to keep whoever is in control , on their toes and incentivised to perform well and efficiently . 
  i think all natural monopolies should be permanently nationalised . 
  there should be a single national electricity lines company . 
  there should be a single national rail lines company . 
  these should n't actually be companies though , they should just be part of a government ministry . 
  the nhs should just be administered directly by westminster . 
  the state-owned-company model is crap . 
  expecting these to be profitable is dumb . 
   for example , i think it 's a good idea for a public entity to be bidding on each of the individual train contracts as they come up as a competitor to the private options . 
  i think there should be public options in most areas based on the above areas . 
  a publicly owned bank ( like kiwibank in new zealand ) , a publicly owned electricity retailer , a publicly owned * rolling stock * rail company , a publicly owned insurance company , etc. 
   spending can be good , tax is necessary and also can be good , debt is certainly good if used wisely , austerity is sometimes necessary and being prudent is often sensible . 
  austerity is quite objectively never necessary . 
  austerity is the worst possible thing to do in an economic crisis . 
  recessions are precisely where deficit spending is * critical * to get the economy moving . 
  quoting a dozen links is not an argument . 
  it 's not being ` dunked on by empiricism ' , it 's argument by bombardment . 
  it 's `` i 'm right because these pdfs say i 'm right , and no of course you do n't have time to read all of them so just assume they do actually say i 'm right and oh i totally promise this is a representative sample of economics research '' . 
  except all of those things are bullshit . 
   holy shit you do n't even have a first years understanding hahahahahahaha . 
  you literally have an econ101 understanding of macroeconomics . 
   nobody said ` use contractionary fiscal policy to stimulate growth in recession ' . 
  every economist knew it would hurt , even friedman advocated expansionary fiscal policy when monetary policy was lacking . 
  you can say this all day and all night , but the tories were following standard , orthodox economic policy . 
   austerity was implemented to reduce the size of government ( ideologically ) and reduce the structural deficit ( from a positivist view ) . 
  reducing the deficit was a fucking stupid idea . 
  deficit spending is how you get through economic recession !, 
  ideology is obviously a terrible reason to do anything in economics , i 'm sure you can agree with that . 
   even if we take your utterly lacking bastardised understanding of keynes at face value ( i.e. 
  that the government should directly stimulate ad through fiscal policy ) then cit cuts would still be the correct course of action . 
  tax cuts are expansionary on the face of it . 
  tax cuts are not expansionary in the same way government spending is , because they benefited the rich disproportionately , and the rich tend to put their excess money into long-term investment . 
  government spending goes directly back into the real `` day-to-day '' economy . 
  not relevant to the discussion . 
  27 % is not 30-40 % . 
   dude you literally do n't have the first idea what you 're talking about . 
  repeating simplified econ101 bullshit does not make you an economist . 
   please just stop . 
  it 's embarrassing . 
  you should probably stop sucking cameron 's dick and vote for a party that wo n't destroy the economy . 
  ` just take a class ' is not an argument . 
   the problem with permanent public ownership is the culture of waste and self service which plagues the public sector . 
  this is a myth . 
  it 's a myth promoted by the mail and the mirror . 
  it 's promoted by the tories . 
  it 's ultimately a class myth though : it 's the negative , envious reaction of the lower and upper classes to an institution that is almost entirely middle class . 
  there just is n't this ` culture of waste ' . 
  certainly not to any greater extent than in the private sector . 
  same with the idea that ` some organisations are too big to manage centrally ' . 
  it 's just * not true * .
