  again , i just * proved * the colour balance of the format is n't what you claim . 
   the actual spell composition of blue decks is generally heavily blue , because they are the most powerful . 
  again , i just * proved * the colour balance of the format is n't what you claim . 
   this isnt selection bias , which i what i think you are suggesting ? 
  this is blue having a much more powerful showing and much higher presence . 
  but it is n't , as i just * proved * . 
  brainstorm in merfolk has never been a good idea . 
  daze is great , but not related to brainstorm being awful in merfolk . 
  and that 's not because of chalice . 
  it 's because merfolk does n't want to run fetchlands and does n't need brainstorm to have high card quality . 
   helps me keep my land count lower , mullligan less often , and jam lords on-curve against fair decks finding force and flusterstorm against unfair decks . 
  merfolk had no problem doing those things already . 
   dropping chalice also lets me maindeck vapor snag ( which plays great in the current meta ) and opens up some great sideboard cards like curfew , pithing needle , and grafdigger 's cage . 
  and that 's fine , but you do n't replace chalice with brainstorm , you replace it with standstill and you play 4 mutavaults instead of 3 . 
  merfolk is a very established deck , and brainstorm is * terrible * in merfolk . 
  probably the worst conversion rate of any deck . 
  my entire point is that you do n't need to do 650 polls . 
  there are many electorates where labour or the tories are * essentially guaranteed to win * . 
  the people in these electorates do n't matter . 
  they do n't need to be polled . 
  you only need to poll the realistically-could-change electorates . 
   during the 60s only a handful of seats ever went against the national swing, 
  that 's not the point . 
  the only electorates where it matters are ones that could realistically swing in the first place , so why not actually poll there and stop polling in places that will , almost definitely , vote one way ? 
   constituency polling is better , but constituency polling is cumbersome , slow , costly and logistically difficult . 
  but is it , though ? 
  or is it just ` common knowledge ' that it is , despite it not actually being so ? 
  that makes no sense . 
  we know which electorates are swing electorates . 
  they 're the ones that have swung before . 
  electorates do n't just randomly become swing electorates one day . 
  not really . 
  safe seats by definition are seats you are n't going to lose except to really , really insane once-in-two-generation swings . 
   because it is n't just about transgender students , it is about breaking down gender norms in society , which works best at a young age . 
  we do n't * want * to break down ` gender norms ' . 
  gender norms are important to us . 
  stop assuming everyone wants society to be completely fucked up by your bullshit . 
  are you actually so stupid you do n't understand the concept of an analogy ? 
   they can delegitimise a mandate, 
  there is no such thing as ' a mandate ' . 
  you are either elected into power or you are not . 
  if you are , you can do what you like . 
  if you are n't , you ca n't . 
  `` let the fucking kids do what they want '' implies that kids should be allowed to just do what they want without interference , but / u/tyre _ fryin obviously disagrees that kids should just be allowed to do whatever they like , and gives the analogy that you would n't just allow kids to have whatever they like for dinner every night . 
  kids are n't adults , they ca n't make all their decisions for themselves . 
  they have poor judgement . 
  the idea that we should just ` let them do what they like ' or whatever is clearly foolish in many ways . 
  i do n't see how you find this so difficult to understand . 
  it 's pretty fucking simple . 
  but this is a pretty damn constant thing on reddit . 
  someone makes an analogy and the response is faux-incredulous `` are you comparing x to y ??????? '', 
  bullshit every time from retards that do n't understand the concept of analogy . 
  ( it 's also not * my * analogy , learn to read usernames . ), 
  it 's pretty popular online , given that miracles was too , but puts up results online ** very ** rarely . 
  yes maverick is still a deck . 
  as is rug delver . 
  as is infect . 
  as is shardless bug . 
  as is high tide . 
  as is goblins . 
  as is merfolk . 
  as is naya aggro . 
  as is pox . 
  as is uwr delver . 
  as is stoneblade . 
  as is deathblade . 
  as is death and taxes . 
  could people * please * stop assuming that because they have n't seen a deck in any big tournaments or in a lot of online results that it must be ` dead ' ? 
  it 's very annoying . 
  most decks that have been viable in legacy in the last decade are still viable . 
  they might not be tier 1 , but the power curve in legacy is very shallow . 
  the difference between tier 1 decks and other decks is very small . 
  mtggoldfish 's idea of ` meta presence ' is essentially ` has it 5-0 'd a league recently ? ', 
  that 's actually abysmal , because mtgo is awful , and few people want to play legacy online . 
  it 's a poor representation of what you could play . 
  it represents what people do play , online . 
  based on what ? 
  gim me a break , that 's awful data, 
   i thought it was an irrelevant point to make that did n't really have anything to do with the issue at hand, 
  because you do n't understand the concept of an analogy , still , somehow . 
   obviously there are health consequences of allowing kids to eat whatever they want but it 's a uniform . 
  what are you talking about ? 
  nobody is discussing whether it 's healthy to allow kids to eat whatever they want . 
  the issue is that * kids should not just be allowed to do whatever they want * , as a general rule . 
  the discussion is in relation to the idea that we should just ` let the fucking kids do what they want ' . 
  nothing more . 
  nothing to do with uniforms or bathrooms . 
  the idea that ` let the fucking kids do what they want ' is a good response to a criticism of these policies is ludicrous , because it 's just not true in general that we should let them . 
   not sure why the topic of kid 's uniforms and bathrooms is getting you so riled up you resort to calling people retards . 
  your total lack of understanding of something as basic as analogy is incredibly funny to me . 
   maybe ease up on the morning coffees bro . 
  not your ` bro ' . 
  not even remotely ` problem solved ' . 
  i went to a school without uniforms and it was awful . 
  kids wore all sorts of stupid shit . 
  is that unreasonable ? 
   already brainwashed into thinking they have to wear different clothing based on what 's between their legs, 
  a trend present in all societies since the beginning of time , throughout the world ? 
  must be brainwashing !!!, 
   mtgtop8 also has it as a very significant part of the meta .
