  if the game is designed around you having to use all your buttons , then definitely you do n't want skill/ability bloat , i agree with that . 
  but that 's just bad design . 
  imagine if every mtg deck needed to use a copy of each of the 10,000 magic cards , to use an extreme example ... 
   oh and bans are definitely more like removal of skills . 
  they are , but not of * irrelevant * and * unnecessary * skills , which is what is being discussed . 
   limiting the amount of cards you can have in a deck is more along the lines of a nerf . 
  no , that just applies to every card : you can only have 4 of any card in mtg , at least . 
  restricting cards makes the game too rng-based and swingy . 
  but that 's getting off-topic . 
  no he is n't . 
  being wrong is n't trolling . 
  kozilek 's return is from bfz block and i refuse to play any card from that block on principle . 
  it 's a diverse format and much less blue than people think . 
  that 's a nice point . 
  you do n't have to play loads of gavonies , which wreck your mana base consistency , if you play kotr . 
  ant is a great name . 
  it 's a white weenie deck . 
   playing enchantress with 6x utopia sprawl, 
  wtf, 
  i kind of want to play hexmage/divine intervention . . 
  uw and esper control are just insane against death 's shadow . 
  your token generating win conditions are great , your unconditional ( at least with respect to power/toughness ) removal spells are great , your card advantage is great , everything is great . 
  pyroclasm , anger of the gods , electrickery , izzet staticaster , firespout , forked bolt , kozilek 's return , rough / / tumble , conflagrate , etc. 
  that looks more like the tes sideboard . 
  the standard ant sideboard has a tropical island for abrupt decay , carpet of flowers and sometimes xantid swarm . 
  that 's just not true . 
  none of them . 
  mtgtop8 is n't even * remotely * representative of the meta . 
  cool story retard, 
  sorry but the fact is that ant plays green in the sideboard . 
  the mtgo community is * tiny * . 
  the community of people playing legacy competitive leagues on mtgo is a tiny part of that tiny community . 
  literally one single great player changing their sideboard can change the mtgo stats from leagues , which causes a bandwagon effect . 
  mtg players bandwagon onto the latest trend with alarming consistency . 
  the reality is that there 's very little evidence that there 's any real trend amongst players away from green sideboards in ant , and there 's definitely no evidence about the efficacy of doing so . 
  so . . let me get this straight . 
  you do n't know of any examples of games released before the advent of microtransactions , across all genres and all platforms ? 
  if so , ... how ? 
  if not , why are you saying that you do n't ? 
  i just do n't understand your question . 
  are you asking me to give an example of a game without microtransactions that made a profit ? 
  does it have to be a recent game ? 
  does it have to be multiplayer ? 
  does it have to be free to play ? 
  i assume you 're not just asking me to give an example of a game without microtransactions , because i could easily just say ` call of duty 2 ' ... 
  i go the an route about 25 % of the time . 
  tes wins with goblins , so if anything it should be called ang or ane , not ant . 
  you know they mean fuckin business when there 's a blood moon in the thumbnail . 
  i do n't think either is optimal , it will depend on the meta . 
  what is * standard * is to have green though , still . 
  it has no green , and ant sideboard has green . 
  are you retarded ? 
  you 're talking about the concurrent player count being irrelevant and the player cap being the number that is relevant . 
  so is everyone else !, 
  stop acting like you 're superior to everyone else when you 're just talking irrelevant shit . 
  it 's mostly black and mostly blue and mostly red as well . 
  turns out when most decks are 3 colour , some are 4 colour and the rest are 2 colour , that every colour is well represented . 
  white suns zenith is the best finisher for control imo , along with the elspeths ( i run knight errant and suns champion as 1-ofs ) . 
  black gives sideboard discard spells , esper charm and fatal push plus tar pit to kill planeswalkers , which seems better to me ~ ~ then what any of the rat of the colors ~ ~ than what any of the other colours give . 
  this absolutely is the case . 
   lol what do you mean by rat colors ? 
  phone autocomplete typo . 
  ` better to me than what any of the other colours give ' . 
   i agree that wsz is probably one of the best finishers that control players have , but i really think that there are probably other options . 
  especially with esper charm in the mix , you might be able to get another player to ditch spot removal for creatures if you hold onto your one creature until their removal ends up in grave lol, 
  yeah i like secure the wastes too , you can snapcaster it for example . 
  i might put one in the sideboard or one in the main or something , have n't decided yet . 
  with wsz , you can just keep casting it and redrawing it until they run out of removal . 
  no , it has two . 
  i 'm talking about actual runescape , not the bastardised runescape that exists today . 
   anything that is available on steam will still give some idea of the population of that particular game . 
  at least when compared to other titles available on steam . 
  that is how statistics work . 
  that is how they attempt to predict things like `` who will your next senator be '' . 
  what are you , 12 ? 
  that 's what i literally just said . 
  well except ` outdated ' - if the game was still precisely the same as it was in 2005 , it would be amazing . 
  it costs like $ 5/month to subscribe . 
   vanilla wow was not that friendly to the new players like current wow is . 
  so better go for current version . 
  current wow is n't ` new player friendly ' . 
  if it were , it would n't have almost zero intake of new players . 
  it 's pretty obvious if you look at any of the data about player counts , population distribution through the levels , etc. 
  a very casual look indeed . 
  if you restrict it to ` live tournaments past 2 months ' i.e. 
  you exclude mtgo data ( which as has been discussed a thousand times before , is not reliable ) you get that 14 of the 20 most recent storm decks listed there are playing green . 
  there is plenty of publicly available data . 
  do your own research . 
  i looked at this months ago , why would i still have links on hand ? 
  it 's completely legal . 
  those have nothing at all to do with the difficulty of the game . 
  i can absolutely guarantee there are n't 32m active accounts with no level-110 characters . 
   45 second cooldown, 
  so really no cooldown at all ? 
  who is dying en masse more often than that ? 
  got ta be careful , i did n't include legacy on my first search and got a whole lot of lantern control decks with infernal tutor , lol . 
  i do n't see a way to exclude mtgo data from tcdecks , so i do n't see how it could possibly be relevant to our discussion . 
  you know that most players have a tonne of low-level alts , right ? 
  and that that data includes players that do n't have active subscriptions ? 
  i told you , ** do your own research ** .
