  lmao, 
   corbyn could n't defend what he wanted , by virtue of the fact his supporters wanted brexit blocked and most labour voters wanted it forced through , it was a fairly even split , hence corbyn bounced back n forth between the positions, 
  corbyn compromised his personal beliefs with the view of the electorate , his party 's support base and his party 's caucus . 
  that 's not ` flip-flopping ' or ` bouncing back and forth ' . 
  it 's called being * sane * . 
  it 's * compromise * . 
   it was only theresa who offered a single coherent plan, 
  lol . 
  theresa may ** supported remain ** . 
   oh geeze , i guess that answers that then !, 
  bake em away toys , this threads done !, 
  it does indeed . 
   i mean it 's a completely nuanced argument as to what the correct amount is, 
  it 's not that nuanced . 
   too much stifles companies abilities to invest long term . 
  companies have a better long-term focus in mainland european countries than in the uk . 
   however , playing the `` oh , what 's that , you do n't want us to out ireland the eu ? '', 
  is certainly a stronger starting point . 
  ireland is a tax haven and should be kicked out of the eu for it , even if that does mean i 'd lose my european citizenship . 
  yeah imagine being in a prosperous , growing economy with a sane political compass and no nazis !, 
  it 'd be fucking awful , would n't it . 
  much better to be in a fractured , racist , parochial country like the uk that 's about to suffer the worst recession in its history !, 
   you : there 's more to life than gdp growth ... like recognising your own culture and hearing your own language spoken around you . 
  uk gdp forecasts for 2017 remain at 2 % , regardless . 
  literally never said what you said i said . 
  i quoted it . 
   i clearly said ... `` and the rate of immigration '' ... several times . 
  you literally said you assumed it was a sovereignty argument . 
   which i do n't recognise as a severe issue in the same way you do . 
  you can recognise whatever you like . 
  the * literal fact * of the matter is that what you recognise does n't matter . 
   decades insinuates age, 
  ... what ? 
  there are more than a few seats that have been safe labour seats for as long as labour has been a party . 
  most people vote for the same party * every single election * without change . 
  they do this for demographic reasons . 
   and aged voters are more likely to be anti-corbyn and pro-brexit, 
  corbyn is pro-brexit and may was pro-remain , so that 's a bit contradictory . 
   i 'm not saying we 're going to see a big collapse this time , but the foundations of many safe labour seats are being rattled . 
  they are n't though , * especially * as the old tory-voting nutters die off . 
  it does n't matter how it weighs . 
  how it swings against its previous values is what matters . 
   well the harsh punishment budget did n't happen , so that did n't turn out to be true . 
  the uk has n't left the bloody eu yet . 
   as for the households being poorer figure , people may end up poorer but by that amount ? 
  who knows ? 
  we may not even end up poorer . 
  either way , it is n't exactly something a government should be threatening their population with and is just as bad , if not worse , than the misleading bus figure . 
  you are * guaranteed * to be poorer . 
  it would upend decades of economics if you did n't . 
  you * assumed sovereignty * . 
  i did n't say you did n't say anything about the rate of immigration . 
  i did n't say that was n't relevant . 
  i said that the * sovereignty * shit is wrong . 
  you said * and * , not * or * . 
   i dont think they argued universal suffrage was required for a democracy . 
  they literally said that a democracy without universal suffrage ( which apparently includes their chosen groups , but not actually all groups ? 
  again just cultural bias ) was n't ` meaningful democracy ' . 
   which makes sense too, 
  not really , given that they clearly phrased their argument with a view that democracy is a binary notion : either democratic or not . 
  again , universal suffrage really is not a requirement of democracies . 
  i see no reason why it would be true . 
  it 's just wild speculation . 
   meera tells bran the kotlt story and jojen constantly asks `` are you sure your father never told you this story ? '', 
  why is this important ? 
  because the reeds know that this is an important story about the starks , and it heavily features ned and lyanna . 
  what we know that jojen and meera do n't is that ned has major ptsd about lyanna and the rebellion . 
  or because it 's a story that he thought it seemed obvious his father would tell him . 
  not everything is a hidden coded message . 
  people read far too much into things . 
   brandon is too big , benjen is too small . 
  the knight must be ned or lyanna . 
  narratively , it makes more sense for lyanna to be the knight : she loved horses , practised jousting and sword fighting behind her father 's back , jaime reminds us that jousting is 99 % horse riding skills , the knight was small ( ned is n't huge , but he 's normal sized - unlikely he would be described as `` small '' in armour . ), 
  conclusion : lyanna was the knight . 
  lyanna is small , she 's a what , a 16-year-old girl ? 
  she 's small . 
  there are lots of small people in westeros . 
  it was a big tournament . 
  could , yknow , not be ned or lyanna . 
   why is this story so dangerous for ned to tell his kids ? 
  because if they find out that lyanna was the knight that captured rhaegar 's interest , might they start asking inconvenient questions about jon ? 
  simpler to keep silent . 
  why would they start asking inconvenient questions about jon , when as far as anyone in their world knows , jon is the child of ned and some unknown woman ? 
  why would they have any inkling that jon might have something to do with that . 
  maybe he did n't tell them the story because he just did n't tell them the story . 
  there are lots of stories about my parents ' childhood they have n't told me . 
   what is the meta purpose of the kotlt story ? 
  some other revelation ? 
   was lyanna kidnapped , or did she fall in love with rhaegar at harrenhal and run away ? 
  we need evidence that lyanna was a wild she-wolf , just as impetuous and wilful as brandon . 
  all we get from ned is `` promise me ned , promise me '' in a bed of blood and roses . 
  meera 's story gives us that evidence . 
  no it does n't . 
  it 's all incredibly circumstantial . 
  this is the problem with this subreddit . 
  the books are huge , and you can probably choose any remotely plausible theory you like and cherry-pick some things that support it . 
  i 'm not saying it 's impossible , it 's just not particularly likely to me . 
  why would that have anything to do with sovereignty ? 
  her majesty was entirely sovereign before the referendum and entirely sovereign after the referendum . 
   pretty sure the punishment budget was due to happen post referendum and not after we have actually completed the process of leaving , feel free to look up what they said but i believe that 's correct .
