  the impact will be similar to the mass produced car . 
  it 's spelt ` realised ' , not ` realized ' . 
  and no , we 've had the major technological changes of the century . 
  ` autonomous cars ' ( which are currently * awful * , unreliable , unsafe , and work only on some extremely well-mapped , highly controlled environments in san francisco ) are not going to have a big impact on our society compared to the invention of the car or the fucking internet . 
   mmp had significant impact on voter choice . 
  it is absolutely a better system than fptp in that regard . 
  i 'm not saying it did n't . 
  i did n't say it was bad . 
  i did n't say it did n't give people more choice . 
  but it absolutely did not increase turnout or political participation . 
   why should n't i blame those in our generation for failing to do our civic duty ? 
  our generation tends to be pretty happy to blame the boomers for all our problems , surely it should go both ways . 
  because people are trained not to participate . 
  they 're told , constantly , over and over and over again , what to think , what to do , who is going to win . 
  throughout the campaign it 's poll in poll out , polls every day . 
  why would it have anything to do with millennials anyway ? 
  our voter participation has been steadily dropping since it peaked in what , the 60s ? 
  nothing at all to do with generation y. 
   actually we are a small country at the ass end of no-where . 
  nz has a low population , but its surface area is n't particularly small . 
  the south island is one of the biggest islands in the world . 
   our natural advantages are temperate climate , plentiful water and beautiful scenery . 
  we are limited with what we can produce . 
  only if you operate on the moronic level that claims we can only produce physical things with physical resources that we already have here . 
  it 's not expensive to ship things overseas , for a start , but we should n't be trying to be an exporter of fucking material goods . 
  nz 's economy does not need to be reliant on exports . 
  all . 
  exports are not some magical way of making ` special export money ' we have to have . 
  we can literally just be internally focused on our own needs . 
   the brightest minds in the world are betting otherwise . 
  the loudest voices in the room are trying to get people to bet otherwise , as that 's what makes them money . 
  if you own tesla 's stock , then of course you want everyone to think that tesla 's autonomous cars are the future and will change everything . 
  and maybe they will in a hundred years . 
  but they are n't realistically going to change anything any time soon . 
  again , * i work in this exact industry * and the fact of the matter is that autonomous cars are currently * awful * . 
  they 're utterly useless . 
  they 're unsafe , they 're unreliable , and they 've only been successfully tested with humans behind the wheel on a few extremely well-mapped san francisco motorways . 
  your argument is a stupid appeal to authority . 
  ` the brightest minds ' ? 
  give me a break . 
  being a billionaire does n't make you one of the world 's brightest minds . 
  you ca n't just fucking respond to my whole post saying ` no actually ' ` yes actually ' ` no actually ' either , dick . 
  she 's been * awful * every time i 've seen her on tv , including standup broadcast on tv . 
  piss off, 
  gst is n't flat either , it 's regressive . 
  the poor pay essentially 15 % income tax on top of their normal income tax , as they spend all of their income . 
  the rich spend very little of their income . 
  it would have to be negative income tax to offset gst . 
  no it is n't . 
  economics is not scientific . 
  it 's not based on the scientific method . 
  it 's not a science . 
  neither is mathematics . 
  neither is computer science . 
  no , it 's regressive . 
  that completely ignores that people do n't pay gst if they do n't spend their income , and the poor spend much more of their income than the rich . 
   they dropped income taxes at the same time . 
  they dropped the top rate . 
   but chose to fund the rebuild by massive immigration, 
  lol this is n't true, 
   if they were taxed in new zealand then taxed again in the locale the foreign trust was based in then the investor would wear an unfair taxation burden would he not ? 
  that 's their problem , not ours . 
  the money is made in nz , it should be taxed in nz . 
   furthermore , foreign direct investment into nz is something that should be encouraged . 
  it increases our net capital stock , increasing the productivity of labour in nz , which in turn increases wages . 
  foreign investment is basically the number one way to improve productivity . 
  if you want to shut off foreign investment into nz , you are essentially saying you want poor people in nz to be poorer . 
  holy shit please learn something about economics . 
  foreign direct investment in nz does not increase the productivity of labour in nz . 
  that only happens if nz does n't have sufficient capital to productively use the labour we have . 
  but we do , we have plenty of capital . 
  nz is n't capital-poor . 
  you 're just repeating neoliberal propaganda used to justify raping the economics of african countries in the 60s . 
  whatever money you got from the sale of your car is added to your income that year . 
  it does n't matter how much you bought the car for . 
  that 's moronic . 
  a car is a capital expense , not an income expense . 
  if you are flipping cars you 'll pay income tax on your income from flipping cars and you 'll be able to expense any losses , but selling the family car is not income . 
  you are n't allowed to deduct it from your taxes because it is n't a business expense , it 's a personal expense . 
  if you buy and sell cars for a living , your income is the price of all the cars you 've sold minus the price of all the cars you 've bought : revenue minus expenses . 
  if you buy a family car , you ca n't deduct that from your income , because it 's not a business expense . 
  if you sell the family car , you are n't taxed on the sale price , because it 's not business revenue . 
  yeah it 's fairly simple stuff . 
  gst and company tax both essentially exist purely to slow economic growth , for no reason . 
  if inflation were too high , gst would be a good idea : slow down the economy , keep it under control , etc. 
  but inflation is very low , and has been way too low for * decades * . 
  5 % would be a good inflation target , at a minimum . 
  that 's a pretty bad reason to have such a regressive tax . 
  they are quite insensitive yeah, 
   i 'll tell you what 's wrong , too many public sector workers - that is where the tax is going , paying their wages . 
  so it 's going towards creating jobs , specifically jobs for people that do things like make roads and help sick people and stop criminals from stealing everything and keeping our borders safe and keeping us safe and educating our kids ? 
  sounds fucking horrible mate , what a waste of money . 
   yes they might be common new zealanders , but i am not keen on paying the wages of some person just so they can sit in some office somewhere and provide solutions to problems seemingly created just so that said person will have a problem to solve . 
  this literally does n't exist . 
  stop making things up to complain about when you can complain about plenty of real issues instead . 
  himself , from the name ( guvbums ) . 
   or wait until eofy and claim the excess tax back . 
  without interest ... 
  you see , you 're right that you can get it all back in the end , but you do n't really get it all back . 
  tax refunds do n't have interest attached .
