  `` we know what 's best '' is absolutely arrogance . 
  the south african flag is awful , by the way . 
   they had a choice between a shit sandwich and a knuckle sandwich . 
  they had a choice between clinton and trump and if you think clinton was even remotely close to being as bad as trump then you 're a total moron . 
  it 's the fault of the user for not checking the license . 
  intent is clear : if you do n't check the license , then you are disregarding the license . 
  completely disregarding the license and just assuming it is okay counts as intent to infringe . 
  you ca n't save `` wasteful spending '' without reducing productive spending . 
  it just does n't work like that . 
  go away louis, 
   nobody today gives a crap about split-screen gaming . 
  that 's just not true , though . 
  families do care about split-screen games . 
  personally i think they should remove excise tax on alcohol from restaurants . 
  no , there is n't . 
  everyone knows that sort of search will not be entirely accurate . 
  if you do n't get explicit permission or check the license explicitly , you are not being careful enough . 
  this is n't some kid 's personal webpage , it 's a proper news website . 
  due diligence is reuqired . 
  i read the next sentence , arsehole . 
  you 're objectively wrong . 
  you 're just an idiot , frankly . 
  you literally do n't understand a thing about game design . 
  the storm scale is maro 's view . 
  it 's not the r&d team 's view as a whole . 
  at all . 
  the same is true of the colour pie . 
  lots of colour pie breaks are printed because it 's * just his opinion * . 
   i miss the old rewards program , which while flawed , only actually rewarded play . 
  if they could figure out a way to make it work so that it 's not overly expensive ( postage is a killer ) and easily manipulated ( bad actors store owners hurt it . 
  ) , it seems like it 'd be just about the best of all worlds . 
  but they old system was fine . 
  they did it for years . 
  those sorts of programmes get * cheaper * as you scale them up . 
   objective fact that so few people as to be statistically non-existent, 
  but that 's just . 
  not . 
  true . 
   if anybody cared about it to the extent that it would impact sales , you can bet your easily-offended ass that the publishers would be demanding it of every one of their devs . 
  but nobody cares . 
  so they do n't bother . 
  again , no . 
  that 's not how it works . 
  this stupid assumption of yours that developers and publishers are purely rational actors that respond instantly and perfectly to the desires of the market is just not based in reality . 
  more rubbish . 
   sfm makes you run cards that do n't flip delver, 
  two cards that do n't flip delver . 
  and it turns lingering souls from okay into * incredible * , which means you 're way more justified in running souls over other threats , which flip delver . 
  i 'll put it this way : instead of running 12 creatures , you 're running 8 creatures and 2 equipment . 
  that 's still better at flipping delver than standard delver decks , which is amazing . 
  yeah flipping a batterskull to delver sucks for a million reasons . 
  but that 's very rare . 
   it 's a card that wants to play a grinder game than the aggressive game plan delver is best in . 
  delver is just a good threat . 
  it 's not only good when you 're highly aggressive . 
  it 's a premium efficient threat in any matchup . 
  playing lingering souls then saying ' i do n't want cards that are only good in grindy matchups ' seems weird given that lingering souls is only good in grindy matchups . 
  try reading the fucking thread . 
    if you really feel that way about magic , then why would you want to help your friends get in to it anyway ? 
   because there are formats of the game from before they started treating players like idiots . 
  closest is [ [ breakthrough ] ] , which dredge plays . 
  to be fair , you can force it , it just does n't do anything . 
  ^ ^ ^ ^ no , ^ ^ ^ ^ it ^ ^ ^ ^ does ^ ^ ^ ^ * nothing * . 
  that did n't seem to stop cardboard crack from reusing the same jokes over and over again, 
  no , it would n't . 
  as i 've already said , you 're assuming that developers and publishers are purely rational actors . 
  sorry yes , i was n't counting deathrite shaman . 
  add 4 to both numbers . 
   okay , you 're ignoring what i 'm actually saying to argue against a different argument . 
  that 's fine ; let me recontextualize . 
  no , i am not arguing a different argument . 
   opening booster packs is probably not , legally speaking , gambling . 
  it does n't matter whether it is or is n't . 
  it being gambling or not being gambling is n't relevant . 
  at all . 
   hasbro 's legal team , however , has no interest in even providing the smallest amount of ammunition to someone who wanted to make that argument in a court of law . 
  saying that the secondary market exists is n't ` ammunition ' . 
  it 's an indisputable fact . 
  their ` acknowledgement ' means absolutely nothing . 
  the only thing it might indicate is that they are aware of its existence , but nobody could rationally claim that they are n't aware of its existence or the prices of mtg cards . 
  even if they did n't pay close attention to them , it would still be out of wilful ignorance . 
  their acknowledgement , their statements , they mean * nothing * . 
  they have never meant anything . 
  they will never mean anything . 
  this is not ammunition . 
  it 's not meaningful . 
  it 's not evidence of anything . 
  saying ` secondary market exists ' would not be evidence of anything either . 
  the secondary market demonstrably exists . 
  wotc saying it exists is evidence of what , exactly ? 
  that it exists ? 
  that they know it exists ? 
  these are both obviously , demonstrably true already . 
   therefore , they have a very strict corporate edict that requires wotc and its official representatives to not acknowledge the secondary market value of the cards it produces , on the off chance that an opposing lawyer in a criminal or civil case could use that statement against them in court . 
  but there is n't . 
  they do n't have this ` strict corporate edict ' for that reason . 
  they do n't talk about the secondary market because they do n't want to promote the view of the game as an investment or a market . 
  they want players to view the game in terms of ` accessibility ' . 
  they do n't want to talk about prices openly , because it encourages the wrong attitude towards reprints and such . 
  this is not a legal thing .
