  ` negative rights ' are nonsensical liberal propaganda . 
  then again you have ` anarcho-capitalist ' in your flair so your entire political philosophy is self-contradictory . 
  no , they should n't be . 
  if you do n't want to do gay marriages , you do n't have the right to do any marriages . 
  if your batshit crazy religion hates blacks or the irish or gays , it does n't matter . 
  you do n't have the right to discriminate against people just because your favourite sky fairy tells you that you should . 
  ` liberal ' does n't mean ` thinks people should be able to just do whatever they want whenever they want with no consequences ' . 
  one of them is right and one of them is wrong . 
  nobody has a ` right ' to exert their religion on others . 
   for a start , a lot of theologians in this area have argued that a lot of the new testament writing is referring to gay prostitution , idolatry through temple prostitution , things like that . 
  so should we make prostitution illegal ? 
  prostitution is legal in new zealand , it should be legal everywhere in my opinion . 
  it harms nobody , it 's much safer for everyone involved when it 's legal . 
  religious idiocy should not have any influence on the law . 
  christians , in other words ? 
   that law lead to people being prosecuted for refusing to ice a slogan they disagreed with . 
  good . 
  you do n't get to make that choice . 
  if you offer service to people , you must offer it regardless of them being gay or irish or black or whatever . 
  well they 're both disgusting bigots then . 
   it 's more liberal to allow freedom of conscience than to not, 
  no it is n't . 
  if you do n't want to deal with members of the public that you are bigoted towards , do n't deal with any members of the public in your work . 
  simple as that . 
   aslong as there are registrars that do gay marriage as well . 
  pubs that only serve protestants are okay then , because irish pubs exist ? 
  of course not . 
   it 's a real heart and brain dilemma for me personally as a liberal . 
  it 's more liberal to allow freedom of conscienc, 
  no it is n't . 
  ` freedom of conscience ' is n't a right , by any standard . 
  it 's a completely american construct that has no basis in any real philosophy to justify discrimination . 
   if there 's still service and no one forces their views on others it 's clearly liberal i think . 
  that makes no sense . 
  ` libertarian ' is a moronic americanism and anyone that uses it like the americans do should be shot . 
   in broad brush terms libertarians believe you can do roughly whatever you want as long as youre not impinging on others . 
  no that 's just liberalism . 
   the main difference is normally the size of the state . 
  liberals tend to favour a larger state whilst libertarians prefer as small a state as possible, 
  that makes no sense at all ... 
   social liberalism is 50/50 . 
  social liberalism is n't an ideology . 
  it 's just the social component of liberalism . 
  he 's literally , by definition , a bigot . 
  he 's voted many times in lines with extreme social conservatism ( anti-gay stuff ) because of his abhorrent views . 
  yes , not actively endorsing that gay people are just as perfectly fine , normal , healthy , morally right human beings as everyone else , that is bigoted . 
   why ? 
  he has never used those religious beliefs to hurt lgbt people or women . 
  yes he has . 
  he 's voted in bigoted ways . 
  that 's because of mismanagement . 
  it does n't matter whether it 's ` bespoke ' . 
  they * would * have made this cake for someone that did n't support gay marriage . 
  that 's discrimination . 
  yes , that 's correct . 
  an enormous amount of people are disgusting bigots . 
  sad , is n't it . 
  i do n't change the definition of words to avoid feeling sad about the human race though . 
  it was incredibly fun to play and incredibly fun to play against , unless you chose to play a boring , linear , uninteractive combo deck . 
  no , he did n't . 
  he thinks gays are sinners . 
  that means he certainly does not see gayness as a moral good , by definition . 
  he is a bigot . 
  do n't be silly . 
  making a cake with a pro marriage slogan on it is n't their business , making cakes with writing on them in general is their business . 
  it 's discriminatory , plain and simple . 
  runescape at least used to have both kiwi and aussie worlds . 
   he like all christians thinks we are all sinners, 
  which makes him a bigot, 
  they are n't expressing anything by putting it on a cake . 
  the people that are expressing something are the people that are making the cake . 
  nobody is going to say ` oh look , they must really love gays , selling that cake that they 've been asked to put those words on ' . 
  yes , you should * absolutely * be compelled to , if they want to offer the service . 
  if you offer to put writing on cakes , you either put any writing you 're asked to put on a cake or you do n't offer the service . 
  you do n't have to put something on a cake that is hate speech , for example , because that 's illegal in the first place , but you should have to put things you disagree with . 
  you do n't get to discriminate against people just because you disagree with them . 
  * giving speeches * is a good example of where the first test fails . 
  it 's entirely reasonable for someone to see or hear you giving a speech and think you are expressing your own views . 
  but for example , doing sign language for another speaker ? 
  you should n't be able to say ' i disagree with this , i refuse the gig ' . 
  nobody is going to think you 're expressing your own views . 
  they are bigots . 
  they are intolerant of people they disagree with . 
  they might not * actively discriminate * against them ( although you 're a fool if you do n't think billions of people across the world regularly discriminate against others on the basis of bigotry : a lot of the world is very underdeveloped ) . 
  but they are intolerant . 
  it 's by mismanagement by the government . 
  relying on ` skilled immigration ' instead of training your own brethren will always have this effect eventually . 
  it is actually quite easy to be empathetic of people that have burned to death due to the profiteering of others , yeah . 
  ghost_of_john_galt ayn rand 's cock ring [ -47 ], 
   an ageing , low birthrate country like japan desperately needs foreign workers to keep its economy , social systems etc. 
  going . 
  false . 
  they need to encourage their own people to have more children , which they could quite easily do . 
  importing foreigners and ruining all culture and society is not a solution . 
   a real cheerleader for the arts for example . 
  it is constantly impressed with with quality of our cultural life . 
  in my experience reading it , it seems that every article about the ` arts ' is about some art student being interviewed about her works of ` oppression ' and ` muslim identity in britain ' and other such worthless shit that has nothing to do with british culture . 
  no , it 's not . 
  you are n't forced to do anything . 
  you can choose * either * to work without discriminating ** or ** to not make cakes .
