  blizzard has much more revenue than any other mmorpg developer , and more people . 
  there 's no excuse for the game being as massively imbalanced as that . 
  a 10 % difference in dps is massive , 20 % is insane , and in reality warlocks are like 70 % of the dps of the best classes . 
   your case point is a tactical card game which many agree is not balanced but thats fine its a matter of opinion but utterly baseless to be used as a comparison . 
  or dota 2 , which is so balanced that basically every single hero ( of 110 ) gets picked in every world final tournament at some point . 
   as for dungeons they absolutely are far more linear than before . 
  but i would argue the immersion for days . 
  the current dungeons are all scripted with story and dialogue and are directly tied into the story of legion every single one of them . 
  the overall legion storyline and each zones campaign storyline are all tied to these dungeons . 
  doing vanilla dungeons did have quite a bit of lore hidden throughout and storylines but nowhere near to the current state of dungeon immersion . 
  cutscenes are n't immersive , especially in wow , where they are usually about how thrall is so fucking great because of x , y and z and hey look thrall just did w as well accidentally , because he 's just that fucking cool . 
  developer-provided narrative in dungeons is n't immersive . 
  it does n't make the zone feel like a real place in a real ( albeit virtual ) world that could really exist out there in the universe somewhere . 
  now wow is just so formulaic . 
   for the most part i can agree that the genre as a whole has been dumbed down and too linear . 
  but your logic is quite flawed and i believe heavily influenced by these . 
  no , it is n't . 
  liking a game that is older than the game you like does n't mean i am wearing rose-tinted fucking googles . 
  i never said vanilla was the bestest game ever and has no issues . 
  balance is ** atrocious ** in vanilla , the fights are pretty mechanically boring , the graphics are obviously worse , they did n't have enough time to finish all the quests so there are stretches where you have to just grind mobs as there are n't enough quests , the quests that are in the game are grindy boring fetch and kill quests ( although that has n't changed ) . 
  but at least the game felt organic . 
  it felt like a place . 
  i did n't feel like there was a dungeon there because someone decided that each zone would have exactly one linear four-boss dungeon . 
  it felt like there was a dungeon there because that was a natural place to have a dungeon . 
  and that dungeon might have 1 boss or it might have 12 . 
  blackrock mountain is the most awesome place that has ever existed in any mmorpg ever . 
  that is n't nostalgia . 
  dota 2 is n't an mmorpg , but it 's balanced . 
  it 's very balanced . 
  old school runescape is very balanced . 
  nonetheless the excuse that other games are n't balanced does n't excuse world of warcraft . 
  they make tens of millions a month in revenue and servers are cheaper than ever . 
  there is no reason that they ca n't balance classes . 
  there are only 12 classes , there are very few decisions to make . 
  literally the moment that the talent trees were released , people said ` that one is mandatory ' for many of them , and they were right , and they 're still mandatory . 
  anyone that 's ever played wow could have said some of those talent tree choices were never choices . 
   money does n't sprout the ideas necessary to balance on that level so claiming they have the money does n't really mean anything . 
  the money does n't create the ideas , but it does mean that they should be able to hire and retain people that are good at game design and game balance . 
  it does mean that they have the budget to have dedicated class balance designers instead of having to have developer # 4 do all class balance as some low budget mmos do need to . 
  they do n't have three game designers doing literally all of the game 's design as some indie mmos do . 
   if you break all of the old dungeons down maybe the first time you ran them or 3rd time they were immersive and fun but after a meta was established you would just run them in the most optimal way and it would end up being the same as it is now but with a slight hint of personal choice that goes out the window, 
  it 's not about personal choice . 
  those dungeons did give you choices about which way to go , and rare spawns , and bosses you did if you had a class quest to do them , and summonable bosses , and all that stuff . 
  but they also felt like real organic places . 
  they did n't feel formulaic . 
  each one felt different . 
   wow is by far more balanced than it ever was in vanilla and as unpopular as it seems having played on nost i just enjoy live much much more . 
  it 's balanced in a formulaic and homogenous way . 
  every class is mostly sorta kinda balanced because nobody can do anything exceptional . 
  they 've even said that they want to move away from tanks being able to do so-called ` incredible things ' . 
  it felt almost like blizzard never actually got 20 people together and did any of the content . 
  like , did they never actually try out frost ? 
  did they just make up some numbers and try them in a qa environment for 15 minutes , say ` yep seems good ' then close the ` implement frost mage for legion ' ticket and move onto the next class ? 
   you did n't say that you were talking about around the time of wow . 
  you said `` the only mmo in history to grow after launch '' . 
  and again you fail to read . 
  i just said that i said it in the thread . 
  sorry , but you need to read more than a single post . 
  take into account the context of the discussion , which is about wow . 
   wow changed the genre for sure but eve continued being eve and it went well for them . 
  and eve is pre-wow . 
   also wow was not the first game to reach a million , once again you are wrong . 
  l1 and l2 both hit over a mil for example . 
  i never said it was the first game to reach a million players . 
  where the hell are you reading this ? 
  i said nobody * aspired * to a million * subscribers * . 
   pretty much every game ever that launched have had a curve like that or similar inside and outside the mmo sphere , it depends on the window you are looking at . 
  that 's the effect marketing has . 
  ( this also happened to wow most likely but that is not something you can see since they keep the numbers secret and you just get to hear the numbers they want you to hear at certain intervals ) . 
  it 's happened to every wow expansion since ( and including ) cataclysm . 
  that 's my point . 
  labour tauranga did in fact provide a link to the report , and are n't exactly going to link to their own post in that post . 
  so do n't act high and mighty because you linked to them . 
   if you are only looking at it individually the numbers do n't add up and never will . 
  it doesnt make sense to make content for one person who plays so little . 
  but when you have a couple million of players who have on average 30-60 minutes on days they have time to play all across the globe , it really does n't matter if they are only have 10 days playtime over a year because there will always be others ( who despite also having the same playtime ) getting on to take their place when they log off . 
  that does n't make any sense at all . 
  i think you completely missed the point i was making . 
  given that it takes a year for someone that plays that much to get to the level cap , why does there need to be content at the level cap for them ? 
  they already have a year of content . 
  they 've paid for the game and got a year of content . 
  it does n't matter if there 's a million people taking a year to get to 60 or ten thousand . 
  either way the vast majority will not want to play the same game much more than a year anyway , and those that do still have the option of making alts to play the completely different horde/alliance experience if they were alliance/horde the first time . 
  that 's another 9 months ( assuming they 're faster cos they 've done it once already ) . 
  and then there 's still dungeon runs ( not even dungeon took five hours ) , doing reputations , fully exploring the map , doing any quests , you missed , and of course * pvp * . 
  there were lots of things to do in wow . 
  you clearly have a very superficial understanding of how multiplayer games scale . 
   say , we take a best case scenario for your point , and make the game instance code 100 % parallelizeable , with a thread for each player . 
  ( if we do not do this , the mmo server would be less parallelizeable than the split server , and thus according to amdahl 's law , run slower . ), 
  nobody runs a thread for every player . 
  that 's ridiculous . 
  nobody does that , nobody will ever do that , unless you 're talking about ` green threads ' , and in that case you can run an essentially unlimited number of threads and the rest of your argument falls apart . 
   then , with this powerful server you can run about 4-5 10 player games in parallel , at 100 % performance . 
  in reality if you 're running on dedicated hardware you will have a thread pool of as many threads as you have cores , across which you distribute tasks ( of which you can have as many as you like ) . 
   while i can not find good sources saying valve does things one way or the other , blizzard 's new game , overwatch , has been confirmed to have some ( not all ) game servers on aws . 
  you are still missing the point by a country mile . 
  everything you 're saying totally misses the point . 
  you have the same computing hardware available to your either way . 
  you seem to be assuming that blizzard serves the 20,000 players ( which is well above the maximum number of players allowed on a realm at once , by the way ) from a single box acting as a game server , while simultaneously assuming that you are serving 50 players from each box in dota . 
  needless to say , these are both utterly ridiculous notions .
