  lots of players ? 
   well one , you did not specify `` standard power level , '' you just said power level . 
  it was obviously implied by what i said . 
   those are examples of powerful impactful cards being printed in recent years . 
  totally irrelevant . 
   copycat was a combo deck that won on turn 4 . 
  marvel can basically do the same . 
  mardu is a very powerful and potentially fast midrange deck filled with tons of aggressive threats and a decent removal suite as well . 
  the removal is awful , that 's why the format sucks . 
  marvel and copycat were mistakes , and will be both banned soon enough , one of them already is . 
  they have nothing to do with the power level pendulum of magic sets , which is at an all time low . 
   standard 's power level is defined by the decks that people play . 
  no , it 's defined by the power level of the format as a whole . 
  when there is one op deck , that does n't make the format powerful . 
  in response to deleted comment saying this is r/b :, 
  if you 're going to ignore aeria ouphes , or downdraft , or viridian scout , that 's fine . 
  but it 's completely on-colour for green to have `` sac ~ : ~ deals 2 damage to target creature with flying '' . 
  limited is fun , but boring to watch . 
  totally agree, 
  bug sounds much cooler , is more immediately descriptive , does n't unnecessarily tie a colour combination to a particular flavour invocation of that colour combination and has more history . 
   fatal push , grasp of darkness , and cast out are all pretty good removal spells , among others . 
  no they are n't . 
  fatal push is good , outside of standard , but it 's pretty naff in standard and they just are n't anything special compared to pretty standard removal of yesteryear . 
  doom blade would be considered ` really powerful ' these days . 
  how is that remotely reasonable ? 
  doom blade is n't really powerful , it 's bog-standard removal . 
   the current standard is quite high powered , even ignoring combo decks like copycat and marvel . 
  mardu and zombies are simply powerful and fast decks , with good removal as well . 
  i disagree . 
  zombies and mardu would be pretty crap compared to the ktk-era rdw or abzan or green devotion decks . 
  they would be pathetic in comparison to faeries , or jund , or sphinx 's revelation control , or uw delver , or even post-bannings caw-blade , let alone pre-bannings caw-blade . 
  they 're powerful compared to the rest of the format , but they 're aggressive decks in a format that has n't had a good sweeper in * years * . 
  would zombies be a deck at all if anger of the gods were in standard ? 
   nzf lost votes in 1999 in no small part due to the fact that peters spent most of the 1996 campaign trail talking about how they would do whatever they could to get rid of the nats only to turn around and then enter coalition with them , because winston peters does whatever gets him , personally , the shiniest hat . 
  and the liberal democrats campaigned on a fairly left-wing platform and then went into power with the conservatives and lost lots of votes . 
   these days , as you well know , they are garnering about 10 % support or so , which would see them with about 10 seats under mmp but likely 1 under fptp . 
  how is that fair ? 
  i did n't say they could never recover . 
  they can recover , outside of coalition . 
  but they came out of that election much worse off than national did . 
  you can give individual reasons for the individual examples , but they all come down to the same thing at the end of the day : coalition partners are seen as weak , they do n't get support by holding the government to account , they do n't get support for passing their policy platform as they do n't really get to pass much of it , and they lose votes * consistently * . 
  i do n't really see how you can disagree with this , it 's just so obviously , blatantly true . 
   also , a massive number of voters are apparently single issue voters , for better or for worse . 
  why would it not make sense that parties seeking to accomplish that single issue get representation ? 
  because that 's not what parliament is for . 
  it 's a representative democracy . 
  it 's meant to provide an executive , represent localities , and provide an opposition . 
  general elections are n't meant to be referenda-by-proxy , and should n't be decided by kingmaker single-issue parties like ukip . 
  single issue parties still apply pressure , by forcing parties to solve those issues or split their vote to the pressure parties . 
  they do this without ever getting elected quite easily . 
  if the referendum had n't happened , do you think ukip would not have got any mps ? 
  they went from like 5 % to 13.5 % in 5 years . 
  those voters were single-issue voters for one election , essentially . 
  that election forced a referendum on the issue at hand and they won . 
  it sounds like the single issue voters got exactly what they wanted , honestly . 
  the idea that legacy is blue is a bit of a myth . 
  yes , it is the most played colour , but not by that much . 
  people will immediately respond with ' 70 % of legacy decks are blue ' , but 70 % of legacy decks are black and 70 % of legacy decks are black , 50 % of legacy decks are green and 40 % of legacy decks are white . 
  if legacy has a colour it 's ** multicoloured ** . 
  fetchland/abur dual mana bases , deathrite shaman , and a lack of a powerful stax deck to hurt mana ( like vintage ) and colourless mana sources being much weaker than vintage ( no mana vault here , folks ) makes legacy the most multicoloured format in the game . 
  okay ? 
  and what does that have to do with anything ? 
   wait what ? 
  that was a deck , what , 3 years ago ? 
  and weak compared to even older rdw decks , but closer to most peoples ' knowledge of the game , hence me using it as an example . 
  that ktk standard was stronger than this one does n't mean ktk standard was n't one of the weakest in a long time . 
   [ [ fatal push ] ] is very good in standard . 
  people would play doom blade over it if they could . 
   i 've accepted microtransactions and cash shops that sell buffs , boosts , and cosmetics as an unavoidable part of this genre that i still love ( against my better judgment ) . 
  they 're not going to go away then . 
  stand up to the people fucking the genre and just do n't support these terrible terrible things . 
  literally all of them ? 
  no , the problem with mmorpgs is that they are n't rpgs . 
  they 're roll-playing games . 
  they 're entirely combat-focused . 
  the problem is that there are all these promising sandbox mmorpgs . 
  but they all * suck * . 
  they 're either ten years from release , pvp-focused and inevitably a zergfest , or pay-to-win . 
  often they 're all three !, 
  is eso an mmorpg ? 
  sure . 
  but it 's a theme park , so it 's entirely focused around combat . 
  crafting is an afterthought . 
  it has classes , for god 's sake , so say goodbye to making your character your own . 
  and that is true of ffxiv and wow and bdo as well . 
  and it 's like , okay , well what about the sandboxes ? 
  well , albion online is pay-to-win . 
  sorry , but it totally is . 
  which sucks , because it could be great !, 
  i played it a bit , for a few hours , and it was rather boring . 
  and those silly little squares that you play in , rather than having an open world ... 
   let 's be real though , there is and never will be the all around perfect mmo . 
  well there can be though . 
  runescape classic was * the * perfect mmorpg . 
  it was perfect in basically every way . 
  top down , 2d , good combat , amazing quests , easy to understand mechanics while retaining depth , strategy , pking , pvm ... 
  that 's because australia 's house of representatives is essentially two-party , like the uk 's house of commons . 
  yeah technically there are several right-wing parties , but they 're in a permanent coalition . 
  they 're really one party . 
  the australian senate is the truly proportional chamber , and like the house of lords it has no impact on confidence or supply .
