  and ? 
  you 're allowed to play cards that win the game . 
  sylvan library is a * massive * colour pie break . 
   according to this survey of r/magictcg `` draft '' is the third most popular format among our users behind modern and edh , but all three of them are clustered extremely closely together . 
  i do n't think it 's fair to say that limited is insignificant . 
  the assertion that modern is `` the most played format '' is also probably false -- wizards certainly always says that `` casual '' ( what we might call `` kitchen table '' ) is the single most common `` format '' among its consumers . 
  / r/magictcg is not a representative sample of magic players . 
  magic is mostly played by casual constructed players . 
  draft is one of the more competitive formats . 
  it and other formats mostly played by experienced players are overrepresented here . 
  standard and casual constructed and edh and modern are the most played formats - not in that order . 
  note that they are all constructed . 
  note that limited chaff that half the time is n't even particularly good in limited is n't good for * any * of those formats . 
   it 's been explained time and time again , but no matter how strong the average card is , competitive tier decks will always simply use the top x % of everything that 's printed , meaning that absurdly power-creeping all the commons will still result in `` weak '' constructed-unplayable cards . 
  nobody is asking for ` power creeping all the commons ' , so your argument is a straw man in the first place . 
  wotc print way too many cards every year and players generally have pretty dissatisfying reprint fatigue at this point . 
  it 's worse than it was in alara when they cut back on the number of cards they printed each year . 
   moreover , wizards is n't really ignoring modern , either . 
  there are plenty of cards in recent sets that were clearly `` planted '' with modern in mind , like fatal push , renegade rallier , or claim / / fame . 
  it just ca n't be every single card, 
  that 's ignoring constructed formats . 
  a couple of cards in every set is not reasonable . 
  limited gets the lion 's share of cards printed but all this results in , most of the time , is players ignoring all the commons and uncommons in each pack . 
   you have to remember that limited actually gets sealed product sold , feeding wizards ' real business model . 
  they know that over the course of a particular draft format a person who enjoys limited will attend many drafts and spend more money than someone who buys a deck for a format like modern on the secondary market and pays a few entry fees to lgs . 
  this is a myth . 
  here on / r/magictcg , people are told over and over and over again : do n't open packs , just play limited . 
  but they are told that because it 's * so damn common * to open packs . 
  people open packs to get cards for their decks , * all the time * . 
   as for barrinmw , i think people downvote him largely because he 's a meme and most of the time nobody is brooding over whether or not to put clearly limited-oriented cards in their modern decks , meaning nobody really gains anything from his input . 
  his comments are commentary on the design focus of the game being out of whack and nothing more . 
  a ** good ** card ? 
  and it is n't a creature ? 
  we ca n't be having that !, 
  what is your hope in commenting something like this ? 
  are you trying to signal to others that agree with you that you 're one of the cool kids that downvotes things they do n't agree with ? 
  that 's the whole point , mate . 
  95 % of cards printed are not designed for the most popular ways for people to play the game . 
  false dichotomy . 
  reality is not at all subjective . 
   counterspell would n't make standard more powerful , it would inject a powerful card into a less powerful environment , which would invariably force players to do one of two things : play counterspell , or have a high loss percentage . 
  nobody is suggesting that wotc should reprint one particular good card and no others . 
  and that 's not remotely true , by the way . 
  the rest of the game has got much more powerful while answers have become weaker . 
  the only power creep in magic is power creep in creatures . 
   wotc has been making sets weaker because many of the cards they 've made in the past were developmental mistakes , counterspell and lightning bolt being two of them . 
  their design philosophy has changed , and those cards are regarded as mistakes . 
  their design philosophy thinks that new emrakul is fine , that thought-knot seer is fine , that siege rhino is fine , that the titan cycle is fine , that mentor is fine , that the gearhulk cycle is fine , that super linear mechanics like delirium and energy that make every good standard deck a block constructed deck are fine . 
  their design philosophy is demonstrably stupid . 
  the attitude that has earned them is the attitude that limited is n't literally the best thing ever . 
  it 's just * weird * that they 've power creeped creatures so much that [ [ basking rootwalla ] ] would be unplayably bad in standard , and yet they print a strictly worse version for no apparent reason . 
  and they do so while clearly still calling back to it . 
  it 's like they 're saying `` hey experienced players , remember this card ? 
  this card that was amazing at the time , but which is now awful ? 
  well , turns out we do n't hate good spells , we just hate * old things * , so here 's a strictly worse version . '', 
  i 'm starting to wonder whether the idea that wotc wants to `` power down spells '' is really true , and whether it 's actually that wotc just wishes all sets printed before zendikar never existed . 
  i do n't think that word means what you think it means . 
   not if you have valuable cards . 
  yes , if you have valuable cards . 
  the vast majority of legacy players want the reserved list removed and the cards reprinted even though we would all lose a lot of value . 
  if magic were more accessible it would have way more players and wotc would make more money . 
   not if they want to keep selling cards at $ 3.99 per pack , based on the expectation that you can get an uncommonly good card like fatal push, 
  value being spread out more between different cards ! = value being lost . 
   i do n't have much better to do today , but i still do n't feel like going into detail on why designing every card to be playable in a format that never rotates is a bad idea . 
  constructed formats * in general * . 
  they do n't even design the majority of cards around standard , far more popular than draft , and yet basically neglected . 
   most people just play casual constructed . 
  modern and standard are much smaller playerbases that that . 
  these types are cards play fine for these players . 
  you 're repeating my own point for me . 
  casual constructed is a constructed ` format ' . 
  people do n't want shitty draft fodder in their casual decks any more than people want shitty draft fodder in their standard decks . 
   i 'd encourage you to read this q/a . 
  the question asked is basically the same thing are you complaining about . 
  mark rosewater is essentially wizards of the coast pr . 
  he answers questions from that perspective . 
  do n't forget that when reading his answers . 
  he 's never going to say ` yes , but limited is the easiest format to balance for and it 's easier to just print [ small white creature with set mechanic ] and [ 5 mana 3/3 flier with set mechanic ] and dozens of other simplistic draft cards than it is to design genuinely new and innovative cards ' . 
   and here is another answer related to this : http://markrosewater.tumblr.com/post/17083546924/most-cards-are-designed-for-limited-and-not-for, 
  this is just blatantly untrue . 
   people who go to tournament are a small subset of magic players , and they do n't spend all their time catering to them . 
  people that play constructed , like casual constructed and modern , are more populous than limited players by far . 
  the cards they print are almost all only useful in draft . 
  if they intend the draft crap they print to be useful to casual players then they 're terrible at design . 
  the preconstructed adventures were awful . 
  the entire point of rpgs is to make your own stories . 
  ai significantly better than typical mmorpg ai is not difficult . 
  mmorpg ai is basically the worst in the industry . 
  i do n't care , as long as it does n't involve the disgusting , offputting particle effects of asian mmorpgs . 
  those ones actually make sense as being positive , though . 
  this one does n't make sense as having a floor of zero . 
   no guild system, 
  guild systems are absolutely not a requirement . 
   no overall hub/world for players to see each other, 
  the actual reason diablo 3 is n't an mmorpg, 
   global/server/local chat, 
  mmorpgs with global/server chat channels are worse at being mmorpgs than games without those things . 
  re-read the question . 
  he did n't ask `` how many players does a game have to have '' , he asked `` how many players could a server hold '' . 
  he 's clearly asking about the maximum limits on servers , and how low they can go before it 's no longer an mmorpg .
