  we want to get rid of the cards that make legacy games less interacting and make legacy less diverse : deathrite shaman . 
  lands is a prison deck . 
  d&t is a prison deck . 
  storm and sneak & show are combo decks . 
   if legacy actually becomes a `` prison vs xerox '' format , we can worry about it then . 
  in the meanwhile , this is all just doom-crying . 
  it 's already prison vs. xerox vs. combo . 
  brainstorm should not be banned . 
  that would be stupid on every level . 
  it 's a combo deck . 
  i strongly believe that the problem is deathrite shaman . 
  it used to be that fair non-blue decks like maverick and goblins would thrive on fucking over decks like delver and such . 
  you want to cut down on lands and play lots of cantrips ? 
  okay , that 's fine , but i 'm going to destroy and/or tap all your lands . 
  with deathrite shaman , wasteland becomes a much worse card . 
  much , much worse . 
  as does knight of the reliquary . 
  what does this mean ? 
  well , you need to find some other way to fight drs/cantrip decks . 
  how do you do that ? 
  well , what is common between drs and cantrips ? 
  cmc = 1 . 
  chalice of the fucking void . 
  kill drs , god please wotc , kill drs. 
   it was never good, 
  yes it was , that 's why we play it . 
   that 's why it changed . 
  no it changed to appeal to the masses of wc3 fans . 
   i do n't play wow , junior . 
  yes you do . 
  literally every fucking mmorpg ? 
  yes they have . 
  the demographics are exactly the same as they 've always been . 
  the idea that mmorpg gamers have got older is nonsensical rubbish . 
  that 's like saying ` i 'm 40 now , when i was 20 i went to the movies , i still do , so movie audience has got older !! ' . 
  but it has n't . 
  it 's the same . 
  no , i actually know what an mmorpg is and you do not . 
  without open world , it 's not an mmorpg . 
  that does n't make me ` stuck in my ways ' . 
  my ways are the precisely objectively correct ways . 
  genres do n't evolve . 
  i used fansites and guides when runescape was young . 
  they existed , i used them . 
  they did n't take away from the sense of adventure that is now missing . 
  the average gamer was ` some 30 years old ' then as well . 
  i totally agree . 
  does it matter ? 
  fetchlands are n't going to be banned . 
   i do get the argument for banning drs , i just would like to see an actual blue card banned first . 
  i do n't see how the format looks any different without drs in it, 
  blue cards do n't need to be banned . 
  drs does . 
  drs is what warps the meta , not blue cards . 
   if anything , the prison decks might get more market share as the fair decks lose one of their best tools against them, 
  drs is awful against chalice decks and fantastic against mana denial decks . 
  mana denial decks are much more interactive than prison decks . 
   and the non-blue decks just wo n't be able to compete with the blue decks doing the same type of game plan . 
  that 's not true . 
  blue decks utilise drs the best . 
  maverick hates playing against drs. 
   delver is n't going to kill you t1 ; you 'll have time to set up , play around stifle and daze , gain value with strix/angler/pyro / tnn . 
  and those cards will still be better than what the non-blue decks can throw at you . 
  what ? 
   running a deck light on 1-drops , one with a higher curve , carries some penalties in legacy , chief among them the numerous matches you 're likely to drop to fast , efficient decks that can close out games in a flash . 
  that 's just stupid and wrong . 
  the only conclusion i can draw from it is that you started playing legacy in the last year or two . 
   absent chalice , there 's not a similar downside for decks consisting mostly of one ( and `` zero '' ) drops . 
  why should there be a significant downside for the decks that run mostly cheap cards ? 
  those particular decks already have downsides . 
  the idea that all decks with cheap cards in them should have to obey some overriding meta principle that ` cheap = bad ' is just nonsense . 
  why should , in particular , rug delver have to be punished by chalice being in every deck just so that drs can stay unbanned ? 
  why should any particular deck filled with cheap spells be subject to ` interesting deckbuilding tension ' i.e. 
  hoping that it does n't get matched up against chalice ? 
   absent chalice , there 's not a similar downside for decks consisting mostly of one ( and `` zero '' ) drops . 
  most of the strongest cards in legacy are cheap , have cost-reduction mechanics , or practically win the game outright . 
  having a curve is n't all that important because of this . 
  why should there be ? 
  just , why should there be ? 
  i do n't think there should be . 
  these sorts of general proclamation about decks as a whole as if they 're some sort of abstract concept is just annoying to me . 
  speak in specifics . 
   chalice introduces interesting deckbuilding tension . 
  you have to factor in whether or not to be hyper-efficient , but be a dog to chalice ( and other taxing effects ) or go bigger and slower , but be more vulnerable to decks that can go under you . 
  it opens up a lot of room for higher cmc cards in the meta . 
  no , it does n't . 
  that 's just not at all true . 
  chalice does n't encourage people to play more expensive cards any more than counterbalance/top did . 
  except counter/top did it in a much more interesting and balanced way . 
  instead of having a 2-mana card that says ` when ~ enters the battlefield , search your opponent 's library for any number of cards with converted mana cost 1 and remove them from the game , but actually it 's way worse than that because they still have to fucking draw them ' , it was an interesting , interactive , not-totally-reliable soft lock . 
  there 's nothing interesting about hoping your opponent does n't have chalice and/or hoping you have force of will . 
  that is n't interesting . 
  talking about ` interesting deckbuilding tension ' is inane . 
  the banlist should n't exist to make brewers ' lives moderately more interesting . 
  it should make the format , the existing current format , better . 
   while the gameplay of contemporary prison decks is pretty lame , i do appreciate the effect they have on the format as a whole . 
  the ` effect they have on the format ' is ruining it by making it into not-legacy . 
  this is n't legacy anymore . 
  sorry , but it just is n't . 
  legacy used to be by far the most interactive format , and now it is n't .
