  good ones . 
  ` this is common and therefore inevitable ' is a total myth . 
  that 's not what nostalgia means . 
  it would be pure nostalgia if you remembered the game as being great and fun and amazing but when you actually played it you realised that it was n't as fun as you remembered . 
  if you remember an experience as fun , and then you go and play it again , and you still find it fun , that 's not nostalgia . 
   hes saying that their perception of liking it is clouded by the nostalgic goggles they 're viewing the game through . 
  that does n't make sense . 
  your perception of a game ca n't be clouded by nostalgia * while you are actually playing it * . 
  the argument usually goes ` you wo n't actually like it if you play it again , you just remember it as being good , but the new version is actually much better ' . 
  but that 's not the case here . 
  it 's a pity they keep making it more and more and more shitty and casual though . 
  it seems to be rather unfair to say that rs is n't difficult because non-combat skills are brainless to train when that 's true of literally every game , ever . 
  oh , and farming arguably is n't brainless to train . 
  effectively and efficiently training farming requires a fair bit of practice . 
  but even if it were , is there any game where non-combat skills are n't brainless ? 
  and if not , then why does runescape get held to the standard that it 's the one game that requires non-combat difficulty in order to be called difficult ? 
   it 's the `` endgame '' of top guilds or guilds that already have dungeons . 
  a dungeon of one elemental type ( fire ) can generate a crystal of that type ( fire crystal ) based on popularity and some other factors . 
  to grow a dungeon it requires a variety of elemental types . 
  so what do you do to get to this endgame ? 
  traditional wow-clone-style level-up-through-quests-to-max-level ? 
  or is the entire game these player-owned dungeons , perhaps with a few entry-level developer-made dungeons ? 
   the mechanism is fundamental to make things work . 
  i do n't really see how . 
  if you take away all the elemental stuff , you have player-designed dungeons that other players can delve into , going through multiple levels , eventually either completing it and getting a huge reward or partially completing it , being unable to get further , and getting a smaller reward . 
  they then use these rewards to increase the power of their character and/or increase the power and scope of their own dungeon , and the cycle continues . 
  having multiple flavours of dungeon is fantastic , it 's a great way to increase variety . 
  they 're almost like different rulesets or formats in card games : 60-card singleton , 40-card limited , 100-card singleton , 60-card max-of-4-copies constructed , 60-card max-of-4-copies constructed where no cards are banned but some are only allowed one copy , etc. 
  they 're flavours , formats , rulesets . 
  but they are n't the core idea , they 're not the core mechanic , right , they 're what makes your game * unique * , they 're what makes it * stand out * , they 're what makes it * special * . 
  they 're not the core mechanic . 
   it can work in a more general mmo , obviously what i made is a more specific idea . 
  yes but the point of this subthread is , i think , about player-created content in mmorpgs . 
  your idea is cool , but it 's not take-it-or-leave-it . 
  parts of it can be applied , and used , in other games . 
   what it is important is to have a proper structure that balances dungeon masters and players . 
  i absolutely agree . 
  if there 's no reason for players to make dungeons , then it 's dead content , a waste of development hours , etc. 
  a waste of development hours as big as this would almost certainly spell the death of an mmorpg . 
  if there 's no reason to raid dungeons , then that 's also a bad thing . 
  you have to give good rewards for both . 
   well that 's what player dungeons are . 
  not at all . 
  player-created dungeons can just be part of a more general mmorpg . 
  they do n't have to be the primary focus and mechanic of a game . 
   it explicitly has no algorithmic estimation . 
  the maximum power pool for a floor is standardized . 
  the level 1 of any dungeon maximum difficulty is the same . 
  everything is permitted within the limit of the power pool . 
  you can intentionally make things easier however to be more popular . 
  again its a balance . 
  if players can affect the mechanical content of a dungeon , then they can make it easier or harder than that standard . 
  if they ca n't affect the mechanical content of a dungeon , then there 's no point in player-created dungeons existing . 
  if players can place locked doors and keys for those locked doors , then either the game needs to be able to say ` hey it 's not actually possible to get the key for that door and go through it , this is impossible to complete ' . 
  that is a simple form of difficulty estimation : completable/not completable . 
  if players can place puzzles in the dungeon , then the game needs to be able to work out how difficult the puzzle is to complete , or it needs to just have a list of approved existing puzzles , which would get very boring very quickly ( for example , the puzzles in the procedurally generated dungeoneering dungeons in runescape are very boring as there are about 6 of them ) . 
  if dungeons are just trash , boss , trash , boss , trash , boss then either :, 
  bosses are custom , scriptable , etc. 
  and the ai has to be very clever in how it makes sure they 're not too hard , or, 
  bosses are simple , either selected from a list or always just tank & spank , and there 's nothing really unique or special about player-created dungeons , right , they 're just the same as any other dungeon . 
  the more choice and control players have , surely the better . 
  with that choice and control they can make dungeons that are truly different and unique and special , rather than feeling like nothing more than procedurally generated rearrangements of the same puzzles and bosses and monsters over and over again . 
  but that does present the problem that it is hard to estimate the difficulty of those puzzles and bosses and monsters ( especially puzzles ) . 
   my idea is that dungeons also have a specialty like earth dungeons get more advanced crafting or water dungeons get pokemon style monster breeding for more unique monsters . 
  i fucking * love * this . 
  this is a great way to make sure that players want to make dungeons . 
  make them necessary . 
  dungeons are , in some way , either necessary or extremely helpful . 
  ` isometric ' is extremely well-defined . 
  3d games with perspective are * by definition * not isometric . 
  isometric does n't just mean ` camera above , at an angle ' . 
  no it is not . 
  it has 3d graphics . 
  okay , as i said , it 's * arguably * not brainless . 
  but if you think it is , that 's fine . 
  i do n't care to argue that point . 
  farming is brainless . 
  ** what game are you comparing it to ? 
  ** what game has non-combat training that is n't brainless ? 
  what game is runescape easy in comparison to ? 
   t 's certainly not a ` ridiculous ' amount of money when other games are either $ 60 , require $ 15/month , or flood you with microtransactions to keep up with everyone else . 
  albion online * requires * microtransactions . 
  it is pay to win . 
   the only game of those 5 is ffxiv that you ca n't buy the sub with in game currency . 
  then that 's the only one that is n't pay to win . 
  you seem to misunderstand . 
  a game is either pay to win or it is not . 
  there is no ` pay for convenience ' . 
  if you can spend real money and get *** anything *** that is n't purely , 100 % , completely cosmetic then the game is pay to win . 
  try not to be quite so thick . 
  eve online is indeed pay to win . 
  it 's still pay to win . 
   pay 2 win is defined as being able to get a mechanical advantage over non-paying characters , not spending $ $ $ to avoid gold or time-based grind . 
  no it is n't . 
  pay to win is defined as being able to spend * any * amount of money to be benefited over where you would be if you did n't spend any money . 
  if you can spend money , and be better off in-game in a manner that is n't totally cosmetic , then it 's pay to win . 
  it does n't matter that you can grind for a week and make the same amount of money . 
  that 's still pay to win . 
   we should encourage games that are free to play buy with real money can avoid grind . 
  that is a fair pay model .
