  they would not go on strike if it were reasonable . 
  they do n't like the lazier elements of their own profession any more than anyone else . 
   my mum worked in the moe for over 20 years , through 7 years of national after 9 years of labour after a few years under the last national government . 
  the constant through all that was the department chickening out of any major changes , no matter how necessary , because inevitably some group or another would 've taken offense and blitzed the media . 
  the teacher 's union , parents , private school alumni , religious group , maori groups ... 
  the end result is that substantive change to the status quo is going to piss someone off . 
  saying the teachers ' union opposes performance standards just makes me laugh . 
  no shit they oppose it , there is no greater threat to their membership . 
  i do n't disagree . 
  it would be difficult to make even good changes . 
  it does n't help when the national government ( and the previous labour government was n't much better , but when you 've been there for 9 years i think you really have to start taking responsibility ) makes so many fucking terrible suggestions . 
  sure the union will oppose some good changes . 
  but you seem to be operating on the assumption that the government is operating in good faith and promoting only changes they think will improve education and that 's just not any less ridiculous than the idea that the teachers ' union is all made up of entirely reasonable people that will happily consider anything . 
  i * severely * dislike talking to teachers , for what it 's worth . 
  i really ca n't stand them . 
  all the teachers i 've ever met all seem to think they know everything . 
  they 're insufferable . 
  it 's not like i just support teachers as a group unconditionally . 
  but i do support their right to unionise , negotiate as a union and bargain hard , on principle . 
  and yeah it fucking annoys me when a good suggestion is made and maori/religious/ethnic groups complain about it , but that 's nz for ya . 
  have n't watched as i 'm at work but people need to learn that tax avoidance is not always legal . 
  ` illegal tax avoidance ' is a thing, 
   so no government has ever made a proposal based on a study ? 
  that 's just a lie . 
  like , that 's not a half truth , or a misrepresentation , you just lied . 
  maybe you 'd like to reword your position ? 
  the government has n't made proposals based on academic consensus . 
  what few proposals they have made have been based on cherry-picked studies that suit their view . 
   i just have to smile at this , i really do . 
  the teachers union would n't strike if a proposal came forward that would render a sizable portion of their membership redundant ? 
  it would be a good joke if not told so earnestly . 
  no reasonable proposal would ` render a sizeable portion of their membership redundant ' . 
  most teachers are entirely competent . 
   no , i 'm operating under the assumption that at some point in the last 50 years a government has acted in good faith , based on credible information , to reform education in a way that includes performance standards that would n't have been the death of actual educational progress . 
  and that assumption is simply wrong . 
   and i 'm working under the certainty that the teachers union represents all teachers , bad and good , and oppose any changes to education policy that would make any of their members redundant . 
  what 's that got to do with anything ? 
  their union does n't decide government policy . 
  it 's a negotiation . 
  if the union simply decided to stop negotiating the government would do what they already do with the police : ban them from striking , justifying it by saying ` wo n't you think of the children ??? ' . 
   individual teachers are capable of selflessness , capable of seeing the rot and wanting to remove it , but their union is one entity on behalf of all . 
  there is no ` rot ' . 
  the vast , vast majority of teachers are great . 
  a couple of bad teachers is unfortunate , but it 's better than applying bullshit , proven-not-to-work performance standards to all of them . 
  again , you have n't provided any evidence that good performance standards exist for teachers . 
  what country has implemented performance standards for teachers and seen an improvement in teaching ? 
  i 'm not saying that has n't happened , but i do n't know of it ever happening , and you have n't even given any real evidence that it has . 
   no muslim demands death of an innocent, 
  except for all the muslims demanding precisely that . 
  60 % of british muslims would support sharia law in britain for muslims . 
  sharia law includes the death penalty for leaving islam . 
  the evidence is then excluded . 
  you ca n't just claim there 's evidence ` but state secrets ' . 
  no , not tax evasion . 
  tax evasion is different . 
   the $ 732m motor vehicle account pays for all road related injuries ( acc annual report 2016 ) . 
  this includes cyclists and pedestrians . 
  if you argue that you pay acc based on your own risk not that of a third party , then cyclists and pedestrians should also be paying into the mva . 
  they use the same roads that motorists do . 
  they are n't motorists , so they do n't pay . 
  pedestrians and cyclists are ( essentially ) never at fault anyway . 
  everyone is a pedestrian sometimes , as well , so saying ` pedestrians should pay ' just means ` everyone should pay ' , which just means taxpayer-funding acc instead of levying risky activities . 
  now for what it 's worth , i think that acc should just be folded into the ministry of health . 
  acc levies should be deleted , and everyone should get the same high standard of care no matter whether they have age-related degeneration , an accident , a disease or anything else . 
  the idea that having an accident means you get x and anything else you get y ? 
  moronic . 
  but that 's not how it works . 
   as for vehicle class ... 
  i understand the logic , but i think it is selfish to increase risk to others for the purpose of decreasing risk to yourself . 
  driver education that encourages situational awareness , vehicle control and courteous behavior will make you a lot safer than an extra ton of steel , and also improve outcomes for others . 
  driver education is a totally separate issue , though . 
   they may ; they deny , but it wort go away , so ts best to assume they do . 
  they do n't even deny they do it , though . 
  everyone knows they do . 
   but even if the gcsb do collect everything , gcsb simply do n't have the human resources to make use of all that collected collateral . 
  so they 'll focus on the most interesting , which is most unlikely to be me . 
  it 's not human resources you should be worried about , but data analysis . 
  remember [ gmail man ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=efcsp23xl40 ) ? 
   i 'm far more concerned about organisations ( commercial and otherwise ) i `` voluntarily '' ( in quotes because sometimes it is not really voluntary : share or we deny you goods / services / whatever ) share personal information with , as all that is between them and doxxing is their competence and the law . 
  their competence is always suspect , and the law lacks the teeth to enforce what is a good set of privacy provisions . 
  this is true , but at least you give them data voluntarily . 
  they do n't take all your data , apply ( worthless ) data analysis to it and rank you by how much they think you 're a terrorist with absolutely zero basis . 
   yes i do need a car . 
  there is no public transportation serving my place of business . 
  demands are not made of businesses about their offices like `` you do n't have to be downtown '' or `` you do n't have to have this much space '' and no similar demands should be made of me . 
  again , it does n't matter if you need a car . 
  ** are you paid to drive to work by your employer ? 
   in a free country i get to live where i please and there is no logical reason why i should not be allowed to deduct all of my expenses related to earning income . 
  yes there are . 
  i 've given them again and again . 
   the plumber is not working when they are driving to my house . 
  yes they are . 
  they are paid by their employer when they are driving to your house . 
  they are working when they are driving to your house . 
  that 's why they charge you for it , which you just admitted they did before . 
   i should be . 
  failing that it 's an expense i should be allowed to deduct . 
  no you should n't be . 
  you are n't paid to drive to work , because it is n't work . 
  you know it is n't work .
