  if that is the case , you get exactly the problem runescape has : an efficiency-focused , xp-focused , `` no xp waste '' culture that sucks all fun out of the game . 
  that 's quite obvious if you think about it : if the value of items is basically measured in xp , then * everything * will be measured in xp , and anything that does n't reward good xp will be undervalued . 
  well to be fair to wow , it did n't have that quest hub design originally . 
  not nearly as much as it does now , anyway . 
  i do n't think that 's reasonable . 
  having no quests is an option , but i do n't think they hurt . 
  runescape-style quests do n't make a game any less of a sandbox . 
  there can be other rewards for exploration in games . 
  for example , actual literal rewards in little nooks and crannies . 
  runescape 's system is n't too bad . 
  there 's an icon on the minimap , in the vague area of the npc , but no icon over their head . 
  in fact there are no icons over any heads . 
  and yeah , you just talk to npcs through the same system you talk to bank tellers , shopkeepers and any other npc . 
  not the click-the-button-and-see-quest-box . 
  define turn-based ? 
  just in combat or turn-based in all aspects ? 
  that 's why players should n't be able to be walked through . 
  tanks should actually * physically * block enemies from attacking their team . 
  not just use ` taunts ' and ` threat ' but actually , physically block them . 
  precisely . 
  i 've used the ` theme park ' terminology for a while but it 's more than just a theme park now . 
  they 're ` fast food ' mmos now . 
  i 'm stealing that term . 
  the problems you mention at the top are caused by giving players bonuses for doing things that are too easy . 
  it 's as simple as that . 
  it 's bad , poorly balanced game design . 
  do n't give players bonuses for clicking a single button to ` join a guild ' and then do nothing for that guild . 
  would you give a player an xp bonus if they clicked a single random button in some other area of the game ? 
  no of course not . 
  so why it is okay to give players bonuses for guilds ? 
  do n't allow players to get all these huge bonuses and benefits for clicking a button to join a guild . 
  guilds should n't get bonuses just for having characters on their roster either . 
  built-in guild ` bonuses ' are just stupid . 
  ** organisation is strong enough already . 
  ** let me elaborate . 
  if all your guild system does is give players a guild chat channel , that 's a huge bonus already . 
  a chat channel , the ability to communicate , to organise , to promote and demote , etc. 
  are super powerful . 
  organised players are much more powerful than individuals are . 
  greater than the sum of their parts , etc. 
  you do n't need guild bonuses to make * properly * joining a guild worthwhile . 
  all guild bonuses do is give bonuses to players that join a guild * in name only * . 
  that 's not a good thing . 
  all the super complicated mechanics people suggest are just wrong , imo . 
  they do n't solve the problem . 
  you really do n't need or want to give players mechanical bonuses for being in a guild . 
  just give players the mechanical ability to work together a contribute to a common goal , and a way to communicate . 
  ` clear the rats out of my basement ' is fine in the tutorial zone though , and i think that 's important to recognise . 
  simple introductory tasks to get players familiar with the games ' systems and world are a good thing . 
  much preferable to overly structured tutorials . 
  the game should teach itself . 
  100 % agree . 
  look at this list :, 
  * should we expand the number of rocks found within the f2p area of the mining guild ? 
  this would include adding 2 adamantite ores and 4 iron rocks , as well as an ore shop and pickaxe shop . 
  the ore shop would have no stock by default . 
  * ( i.e. 
  should we make the game easier ) *, 
  * should we add an extended , members-only area to the mining guild ? 
  this new area would include 8 iron rocks , 20 coal rocks , 10 mithril rocks , 8 adamantite rocks , 2 runite rocks , and a bank . 
  * ( i.e. 
  should we make the game easier ) *, 
  * if the members-only area is added , should the rocks within this area respawn twice as fast as rocks elsewhere in old school ? 
  * ( i.e. 
  should we make the game easier ) *, 
  * if the members-only area is added , should a passive +7 mining boost be given to any player within this area ? 
  * ( i.e. 
  should we make the game easier ) *, 
  * etc. 
  they have these polls in runescape constantly . 
  half the questions are just ` should we make the game easier ? ', 
  and they nearly always pass , totally unsurprisingly . 
  * should an in-game world map be added to old school runescape ? 
  this map would display the surface world , as well as principal dungeons throughout . 
  it will also feature a ` you are here ' arrow , showing your current location . 
  this map would be opened from a map icon located next to the minimap . 
  this icon would be toggleable as a part of the minimap orb toggle . 
  opening & closing this map should take substantially less time than the original world map introduced in 2008 . 
  * ( i.e. 
  should we remove all need to learn the map and layout of the world ? 
  * currently , the achievement diary cape provides a total of 5 teleports per day . 
  should this be increased to 10 per day ? 
  * ( i.e. 
  should we add even more bullshit overpowered teleports to the game ? 
  * etc. 
  constant ` qol ' changes , polled . 
   those times are over . 
  no they are n't . 
  they never were here in aaa games and they probably never will be . 
  aaa games ! = all games . 
   that 's not the problem , though , that 's the intention - xp is a commodity , a simple ` end ' product transformation is n't . 
  that is absolutely not the intention behind runescape 's design . 
   regardless , if we added value to it like via enchanting then it does gain value , because it becomes useful . 
  you ca n't enchant anything in runescape besides jewellery and bolts . 
   considering the goal is to go up levels , why would the economy not be based around xp as a commodity ? 
  the goal of runescape is not to ` go up in levels ' . 
  it was n't intended to be . 
  as i said , the design * unintentionally * encourages players to treat it as a grind simulator . 
  that was n't what andrew intended . 
  the pking is much better in osrs , waaaay better than it is in wow for example .
