  they do n't decide whether to be witnesses . 
  the police investigate , the cps prosecute , the cps call witnesses . 
  if an alleged victim is called as a witness , they can be cross-examined by the defence . 
  if the defence is just the defendant , which is the defendant 's right , then that is who is going to be cross-examining them . 
  it would be wrong to deny someone their right to defend themselves or their right to cross-examine witnesses . 
  one of those would have to go . 
  no , i mean accountable to the press . 
  the press holds the government to account on behalf of the public . 
  that 's why freedom of the press is an important freedom : the press have an important democratic function . 
  the public do n't have the time to investigate the government , but the press do . 
  witnesses are n't on trial . 
  they do n't have any freedom . 
  they are compelled , by the court , to participate . 
  they must answer the questions put to them if they are called as a witness . 
  they do n't suffer any consequences if the trial has the wrong result . 
  the person that is on trial is the defendant , and they have a right to a fair trial . 
  part of that right is the right to cross-examine witnesses , to poke holes in their testimony . 
   being cross examined by your accuser will undoubtedly cause more hardship, 
  no , it wo n't . 
  being talked to by someone for an hour once is not going to cause any significant damage compared to the irreparable harm caused by being wrongly imprisoned . 
  that 's the difference we 're talking about here . 
   why not have a third party do it ? 
  what if i do n't like the third parties on offer ? 
  no , defendants have a right to defend themselves , to present their own defence . 
  your defence can be complete silence . 
  the prosecution is required to prove its case , the defence can present a defence but does not need to . 
  but if you do , you have a right to do so yourself , and you have a right to cross-examine witnesses . 
  i do n't think either of those rights are worth giving up just to make alleged victims more comfortable for a few minutes . 
   cit is felt by workers , international capital is highly mobile and the incidence of taxation will always be felt by the least supply elastic factor of production , given that companies are legal fictions that can not bear the burden . 
  that 's because capital controls were done away with . 
  capital controls should never have been done away with . 
   consumption is the use of money on an item that will immediately devalue and produce no long-term value , investment in capital goods and capital stock ( i.e. 
  capital stock broadening ) is the only method of increasing long-run growth . 
  if i pay you $ 20 for something , and it cost you $ 10 , then you can use the profit to * reinvest in your business * , munchkin . 
   immigration pushes out the supply and demand curves , most studies find the impact on wages is either neutral or mildly positive :, 
  * goes on to cite a study talking about small levels of skilled immigration in the us instead of the effect of unskilled immigration in the uk which was the topic under discussion *, 
   you have never taken a class in your entire life , and your ignorance reeks through every fucking post you make . 
  shut the fuck up and never post on the economy against until you 've taken a class , you ignorant fool . 
  neither of your points made even the slightest amount of sense . 
  please learn how to communicate more effectively . 
  that you 're trivialising the possibility and scope of abuse that is a result of being wrongly imprisoned is what is vile . 
   judges already have discretion to conduct a cross-examination themselves if a former partner is not represented by a lawyer . 
  this is awful . 
  the inquisitorial judges of the continent are the worst feature of their legal system . 
  judges should not be asking questions . 
  you should n't be forced to use the abysmally overworked incredibly junior lawyers they foist on you under these systems . 
  defending yourself is an important legal right . 
  examining witnesses is an important legal right . 
  the possibility of single person being imprisoned to safe some hurt feels is disgusting . 
   sure they do , what if their abuser walks free ? 
  then they are n't an abuser . 
  they 're not guilty . 
  they did n't * do * it . 
  they were falsely accused . 
  they were never guilty . 
  you 're assuming their guilt before it is proven . 
   poking holes in their testimony can be done by a judge or a lawyer , right ? 
  judges do n't ask questions . 
  judges are there to decide points of law and to keep order . 
  they enforce the will of the court . 
  this is n't germany . 
  judges are n't inquisitors . 
  you have a right to defend yourself . 
  that 's an important right . 
  more important than some right not to be talked to by someone that has n't even been proven to actually have done anything to you yet . 
   subjecting a victim of abuse to examination by their abuser just seems cruel . 
  subjecting an * alleged * victim of abuse to examination by their * alleged * abuser that we are meant to consider * innocent until proven guilty * . 
   surely this example would lead to a potentially compromised trial , as the perpetrator has some sort of power or influence over the victim ? 
  perpetrator , again , implies they 've done something . 
  they have been * alleged * to have done something . 
  they have a right to defend themselves before people are allowed to go around saying that they have indeed done it . 
  when the courts start assuming from the outset that people have in fact done what they 're accused of doing , the entire system fails . 
  there is already someone doing it : the defendant . 
  you have a right to defend yourself . 
  this is n't an economic issue . 
  it 's not that defendants defend themselves because they ca n't afford a lawyer . 
  many do , but it 's a more fundamental right than that . 
  germany and france . 
  i really think of them when i think of countries that have such sky-high rates of company tax that they totally oppress the shit out of their companies and have really bad economies !!, 
  no wait , that 's not fucking true . 
  they 're more successful than us . 
  hmm ... 
   urgh , again with the ` hurt feels ' reduction . 
  you clearly do n't understand abuse . 
  no one will be jailed for hurt feelings , they will be jailed because the court found them guilty , the process will still go on . 
  and they will be found guilty , in some cases , because they were denied their legal right to represent themselves properly !, 
   what difference does it make to the defendant whether an appointed lawyer asks the questions or not ? 
  it makes all the difference . 
  you want to defend * yourself * . 
  you can do so . 
  you do n't have to be represented by anyone . 
  barristers do n't just do whatever you tell them to do . 
  you have a ** fundamental legal right ** to defend yourself . 
  that 's as fundamental as the right to vote . 
  it 's as fundamental as freedom of expression . 
   it 'll make a whole lot of difference to any potential victims . 
  no it wo n't . 
  it will push further towards an inquisitorial court system which most legal experts agree would be a bad thing . 
  it will push further towards judges controlling the defence process from start to finish . 
  it will jeopardise the right to a free and fair trial .
