   of course if you 're not in the place it 's completely unfair . 
  there 's no moral argument to be made for your exclusion , only an ` i 've got mine , fuck everyone else ' attitude , and that wo n't wash with anyone who cares about what 's morally right , and not just them and theirs . 
  the sort of people ( and conditions ) that immigrants come to escape from ? 
  that your ancestors probably did not that long ago ? 
  i have no issues with refugees . 
  they 're certainly not great for the economy . 
  it 's very easy for them to get a pathway to residency afterwards . 
  they are using houses when we need them for our homeless people . 
   a warning device is useless if it only warns some of the time surely ? 
  on what possible basis is that true ? 
  you ca n't just raise prices , that 's not how markets work . 
   the water is free . 
  and it should n't be . 
   the consents , delivery , distribution and application are very expensive . 
  good . 
  more barriers to it being overused by farmers . 
   the water is also limited . 
  everything is limited . 
  that is why it should have a cost !, 
  if it were unlimited then being free would be reasonable . 
  water is free because in the past it seemed effectively unlimited . 
  now we know that we actually can take too much , we have that capacity . 
  so we need to price it , to ensure it 's used in the most efficient manner possible . 
   error , logic missing from argument . 
  that 's not an argument . 
   do you even know what a reference is ? 
  do you ? 
  this ` expiry ' model is fucking retarded . 
  they should n't expire . 
  ever . 
   it already has a cost, 
  no it does n't . 
  you already said ` it 's free ' . 
  we all agree it 's free . 
   and is carefully rationed . 
  no , it is n't . 
  if it were carefully rationed , canterbury 's aquifers would n't be being drained faster than they 're filling up . 
   you have n't explained your argument at all . 
  it 's like you 're regurgitating your econ 101 lecturers . 
  you have n't made an argument . 
  most homeless families simply can not afford accomodation . 
  the gigantic demand on housing is primarily caused by immigration and insane population growth due to immigration . 
  that 's not people just arbitrarily raising their prices . 
   so build more houses . 
  if the prices of avocados has shot up because of an avocado shortage the long term solution is n't to stop some people from buying them , it 's to plant more trees . 
  wrong way around . 
  we have too many people . 
  the long term solution is absolutely not the ludicrous suggestions we need 10 million people . 
  it 's cutting immigration . 
   foreign students are a huge contributor to nzs economy and if some of them choose to stay and get their pr then that 's a good thing too . 
  having had to go through that myself recently to get residency in another country i tip my hat to them because it 's a shitty long expensive process . 
  good . 
  it should be made shittier and longer and more expensive . 
   if you cut corporate tax , you 'll either have to cut a bunch of spending or raise other taxes like income tax . 
  raising income tax does n't make any more sense than raising corporate tax , pretty much regardless of who you target with that increase . 
  as i 've already said , land value tax . 
  and what you say is a myth anyway : we do not in fact need a balanced budget . 
  never have done . 
  that 's a myth . 
  land value tax is actually pretty standard and has been used historically widely . 
  land is only limited form of capital . 
  do n't be an idiot . 
   because you do n't take action when you should be after feeling the shaking from a local earthquake that has caused a tsunami that is going to kill you , as you sit there waiting for the siren that is n't going to sound . 
  that 's idiotic . 
  the sirens are an extra warning , not the only warning . 
  this has been said over and over again to people . 
  if utterly retarded people choose to ignore that and stay in their houses they deserve it . 
  you have misevaluated the value of land . 
  land produces 100 % of our gdp . 
  all our economic activity takes place either directly using land or within or using property that is situated on land . 
   you 've arbitrarily decided that the nats are called tories and now you 're trying to convince others of your assertion . 
  people call them this all the time . 
  it is definitely not just me . 
  every time someone calls them this on here , they get yelled at by idiots . 
   and arbitrarily deciding that we call them tories because we 're ` closer ' does n't hold up . 
  you are a moron . 
  i did n't ` arbitrarily decide ' . 
  it 's what they 've ** always ** been called by a lot of people . 
  the reason for that usage is us being culturally close to britain . 
  you can be a prescriptivist idiot and decide that you do n't like the idea of them being called the tories , but that 's what a lot of people call them . 
  the point is quite clear : people renting out property ca n't just arbitrarily raise their prices as much as they like , despite what people around here seem to think , including what * you * seem to think . 
   liberals are more anti-fascist than conservatives . 
  conservatives are more anti-communist than liberals . 
  liberals are by definition anti-communist and anti-socialist . 
   i 've been at viewings and watched potential renters try and out bid each other . 
  that 's not landlords raising prices , that 's renters raising prices ... and it 's not at all arbitrary . 
  the answer is , for anyone wondering : more rigorously well-founded than any other field of study in the history of mankind . 
   i liken this situation to be similar to how redditors who play games often react to bugs in the games they play . 
  most of the people in those subreddits often have no or little programming experience ( and hardly ever in a medium sized or large project like a game ) and yet they , with little knowledge or context of the intricacies of the codebase or problems being solved , cite how simple it would be for them to make the fix for the bug . 
  that 's absolutely not true . 
  it 's way way way more common for a very simple bug to be revealed that is clearly simple to fix , and someone says so , and then a thousand people jump on them telling them that ` all software development takes 10 years for every change ' . 
   and then add another 10 % to rent . 
  because it 's wofed . 
  arbitrarily raising prices . 
  do n't say you did n't say that . 
  in fact parliament is * not * slow to move . 
  our parliament is basically the fastest moving legislature in the world . 
  there are essentially zero ` checks and balances ' . 
  i see that as a good thing , personally . 
  this is genuinely funny btw,
