  on the supply side she committed to a streamlined visa category for participants in the kiwibuild scheme ( right now it is possible to get tradies a work visa but the regulations are extremely onerous so we get next to none at the moment ) and the government building houses , using the government 's privileged position to get through regulation/restriction/red tape . 
  on the supply side she committed to a streamlined visa category for participants in the kiwibuild scheme ( right now it is possible to get tradies a work visa but the regulations are extremely onerous so we get next to none at the moment ) and the government building houses , using the government 's privileged position to get through regulation/restriction/red tape . 
  on the supply side she committed to a streamlined visa category for participants in the kiwibuild scheme ( right now it is possible to get tradies a work visa but the regulations are extremely onerous so we get next to none at the moment ) and the government building houses , using the government 's privileged position to get through regulation/restriction/red tape . 
  on the supply side she committed to a streamlined visa category for participants in the kiwibuild scheme ( right now it is possible to get tradies a work visa but the regulations are extremely onerous so we get next to none at the moment ) and the government building houses , using the government 's privileged position to get through regulation/restriction/red tape . 
  on the supply side she committed to a streamlined visa category for participants in the kiwibuild scheme ( right now it is possible to get tradies a work visa but the regulations are extremely onerous so we get next to none at the moment ) and the government building houses , using the government 's privileged position to get through regulation/restriction/red tape . 
  on the supply side she committed to a streamlined visa category for participants in the kiwibuild scheme ( right now it is possible to get tradies a work visa but the regulations are extremely onerous so we get next to none at the moment ) and the government building houses , using the government 's privileged position to get through regulation/restriction/red tape . 
  on the supply side she committed to a streamlined visa category for participants in the kiwibuild scheme ( right now it is possible to get tradies a work visa but the regulations are extremely onerous so we get next to none at the moment ) and the government building houses , using the government 's privileged position to get through regulation/restriction/red tape . 
  well national voters are scum that should all fuck off . 
  10 years continual residency in new zealand , fluent in english ( properly fluent ) or maori , and the ability to complete some detailed examinations on new zealand history , culture and places throughout the country . 
   sold out, 
  labour is n't a socialist party . 
   to an extent , the original conception of the world is that there is greater similarity between members of the same class ( or , at least , the working class ) across countries than there was between people of different classes within the same country . 
  labour , of course , is extremely nativist these days . 
  good . 
  you ca n't be for-workers if you 're for-immigration . 
  immigration undercuts workers . 
   specifically , the ability of cross-national migration flows to benefit the worker ( e.g. 
  the premise of auf wiedersehen , pet ... a thatcher era tv programme from britain ) and the tendency of migrant labour to only actually compete with migrant labour ( hence , not really affecting `` local '' employment , esp . 
  in nz 's context where , hey , everyone does move overseas at a drop of a hat ) . 
  that 's just false . 
  that 's neoliberal ideology , not reality . 
  that 's not how it works . 
  migrant labour competes with new zealanders by undercutting pay to such a huge extent that lots of kiwis move overseas to earn good money . 
  that fucking sucks for nz . 
  that 's a think-tank , which is a buzzword for a ( usually , but not always ) highly biased political pressure organisation . 
  keep that in mind . 
   migrants pay substantially more in tax than they cost the state, 
  that 's not the only measure that 's useful . 
  it 's also a stupid thing to say , because nobody says they do n't . 
  the problem is that there are lots of migrants that contribute * sweet fuck all * , and those are the ones that are a problem . 
  it 's a straw man as well , because nobody is actually saying that migrants are a ` drain on the public purse ' . 
  literally nobody says this . 
  elderly migrants ? 
  sure . 
  low-skilled migrants ? 
  sure . 
  migrants in general ? 
  nope . 
   they tend to be in the economically active age band, 
  which means they 're taking jobs from kiwis . 
  some are filling positions that ca n't be filled , but many are not . 
  they 're filling positions that are n't filled because the pay is too low . 
  why is it allowed to become too low ? 
  ** because it 's better for businesses to pay shit wages then complain to the government about lack of workers , going on the bullshit ` skills shortage ' list , than it is to pay properly and retain new zealanders . 
   inward migration is at a record high , but not all migrants are here to stay, 
  the idea that ` people here on temporary visas ' will all leave is utter bullshit . 
  most people on temporary visas can , after being here on a temporary visa , turn that into a permanent residency . 
  it 's not difficult . 
  it is n't a shitty idea . 
  which they did n't do . 
  they did n't ` betray their principles ' . 
  those should still be the requirements . 
  there 's zero risk in putting forward a euthanasia bill . 
  national have n't done it because they 're very socially conservative , and they 're led by someone that opposes fucking abortion let alone euthanasia . 
  labour have n't done it because they ca n't . 
  they 're not the government . 
  the government can put forward bills whenever they like . 
  the opposition can not . 
   these types of issues are perfect for a minor party to get its teeth sunk into . 
  rubbish . 
  no , it is n't . 
  we require children to spend years at school learning about new zealand and new zealand history , before they are allowed to vote . 
  we should not let a bunch of fucking immigrants come onto this country , ruin it , and then continually vote in the fucking national party . 
  fuck that . 
  national did n't win . 
  they got less than a majority . 
  who will form the government is * completely * up in the air . 
  we have n't even got the special votes yet , which will move at least one seat , and probably two , from the right to the left . 
  you victim-blaming cunt, 
  what a load of horse-shit . 
  we had a labour government for 9 years , and they did * nothing * that remotely negatively affected elderly people or the rich . 
  we are not in a boom . 
  stop repeating this misinformation . 
  our economy is in a shambles . 
  our farming sector is overleveraged and failing , and surviving only by externalising its costs as environmental damage . 
  our tourism sector will be wiped out in the next recession , and they always come around eventually . 
  our economy is incredibly unproductive . 
  new zealand is just worse than it was 35 years ago . 
  it 's worse . 
  35 years ago , new zealand was a better place . 
  now it 's worse . 
  that 's it . 
  end of story . 
  new zealand is worse , and it 's not going to get any better . 
  there is no path to success for new zealand . 
  new zealanders are too stuck in this mindset that it does n't really matter and it will all be fine . 
  it does n't matter whether labour would have been worse in your imagination . 
  national were bad enough in reality . 
   how many voters got called racist , bigoted , homophobic and a slurry of other names because they said they might vote trump because they thought hillary was worse ? 
  you mean those voters that literally were racist , bigoted and homophobic ? 
  because they were . 
   they said these things and instead of educating them , the left absolutely slandered them , anyone not voting blue was scum of the earth and were going to hell . 
  educated them ? 
  lol they were n't the sort of people that wanted to listen . 
   i 'm a 20 year old national/act voter and i 'm a good person . 
  it 's not that i only care about myself and my income because frankly i 'm only working part time while i study and making dick all moolah . 
  i have different views on issues than you do , and telling me i 'm a selfish cunt is n't going to change them . 
  however , if you treat me and the rest of us national supporters like good people ( most of us are ) and try to reason with us to get us see your point of view , i think you 'll have much more success . 
  calling us cunts does n't exclude you from being a cunt . 
  but you * are * a cunt .
