  if it were a silver-bordered draft-focused , that would be fine ( and fun ! ) . 
  otherwise , absolutely not . 
  if you liked standard then , you 'll probably still like it now . 
  if you did n't like standard then , you 'll probably still not like it now . 
  it 's not qualitatively different , really . 
  same thing as it has been for a few years : fun enough if you like very board-state-focused games . 
  they 've done a good job of making combo viable in standard , which is good , but a bad job of making the format balanced : they 've banned a lot of cards in standard recently . 
  modern looks basically like this at the moment : https://www.mtggoldfish.com/metagame/modern, 
  is that ` stale ' to you ? 
  i 'm genuinely asking , some people seem to think that if a deck is playable for more than a year then the format is stale , others think that the format is stale unless they can play blue control , and others would consider this to be virtually unrecognisable compared to a year ago . 
  ths/khans was fucking awful though . 
  it was entirely abzan/g devotion i.e. 
  like 65 % green . 
  i did n't say that retard . 
  modern is a ** lot ** closer to standard than legacy was . 
  extended was better at that , but the problem was that people did n't want to play a format that was just the best deck in each standard . 
  that 's why they banned all those cards in modern initially , so it would be its own format and not just cawblade vs. jund vs. faeries etc. 
  modern really is n't what you describe . 
  in 2015 they banned dig , cruise and pod , and unbanned golgari grave troll . 
  in 2016 , they banned summer bloom , splinter twin , and eye of ugin , and unbanned ancestral vision and sword of the meek . 
  in 2017 , they 've already banned gitaxian probe and * re-banned * golgari grave-troll . 
  i do n't know how you could describe that as them having ` left it alone ' . 
  they 've done the opposite . 
  it 's the most fiddled with format of them all , and has been since it was created . 
  people said the bans would slow down after a couple of years , and they did a little , but they 've been pretty steady for the last 5 years . 
  you say that new cards do n't impact modern , but that 's really silly . 
  whole standard decks do n't transfer to modern , but popular decks in modern like knightfall , eldrazi would n't exist cards that are all currently still in standard . 
  and the many collected company decks ( including elves , bant company , abzan company , etc. ), 
  are reliant on a very recently printed card . 
  when they printed onslaught fetchlands it was an absolutely wonderful way for people to get into modern and legacy . 
  by reprinting those cards it gave a way for people to trade standard cards for standard staples that were * also * modern and legacy staples , and trade those modern and legacy staples into their decks . 
  when they do n't have those pathways it 's much harder to trade into the older formats as it does n't really matter how much `` mr. set mechanic number 23124 '' is on scg , he is n't worth anything to someone that owns an underground sea . 
  and yes , i agree that standard is currently boring , poorly designed and difficult to build a reactive deck for . 
  for all the problems that ths/ktk standard had , like the awful shit that is siege rhino and devotion decks , at least we had viable blue control , viable midrange and viable aggro , and even some viable combo with the silly draw-cards-to-mill-you enchantment for 2u . 
  they printed answers , even if those answers were way less powerful than the ones they printed a couple of years prior . 
  this is honestly why i wish they 'd banned terminus instead . 
  countertop as a package to put in your deck was a real thing !, 
  from / u/minniehajj 's link :, 
  * jeremy edwards ( bug delver ) - 2nd place, 
  * shawn tabrizi ( grixis delver ) - 3rd place, 
  * philip dodge ( uwr stoneblade ) - 4th place, 
  * sam mullen ( reanimator ) - 5th place, 
  * mike kiesel ( rug lands ) - 6th place, 
  * alex staver ( rg lands ) - 7th place, 
  * tyler marklyn ( devoted maverick combo ) - 8th place, 
  so much for ` combo is op ' and ` stoneblade sucks ' . 
  playing 4 bolts and a forked bolt or a dismember was pretty standard in rug for a long time . 
  now it seems mandatory to play 1-mana removal in all of your flex slots . 
  / u/mtgsubredditor was being sarcastic . 
  the point of his comment is that people * expect * that users will register and give them their personal information these days . 
  i personally have no idea why . 
  colour-coding set symbols based on rarity is what wotc does . 
  yes they are . 
  of course they are . 
  every mtg player is familiar with that colour scheme . 
  misdirection is excellent with all the abrupt decay and hymn in the meta . 
  i think it 's still playable against anything with targeted discard . 
  but yeah , mainboarding it might be incorrect . 
  even if it is ( strictly speaking ) incorrect , i still sometimes do it just because it 's bloody * hilarious * when you misdirect someone 's hymn . 
  i played a game on modo last night where i misdirected someone 's hymn and then hymn 'd him right back . 
  it was awesome . 
  but i lost that game to drawing my whole library by recurring accumulated knowledge and forgetting to kill my opponent so * shrug * . 
  ( for what it 's worth , shardless agent drawing four cards and making a 2/2 with accumulated knowledge is disgustingly fun ) . 
  ( you can , in a pinch , use it against bolt , use it against most countermagic , use it against most discard , etc. 
  it 's better against thoughtseize than force is , for example , because you still trade evenly ) . 
  i 'd probably * unironically * play it in merfolk , to be honest . 
  only one of them , but i totally would . 
  a deck full of ripe abrupt decay targets with shitty removal and lots of counters ? 
  i uploaded the list to mtggoldfish here : https://www.mtggoldfish.com/deck/356713#paper, 
  4 life from the loam, 
  1 bloodstained mire, 
  4 mox diamond, 
  4 wasteland, 
  4 mishra 's factory, 
  3 urborg , tomb of yawgmoth, 
  1 the tabernacle at pendrell vale, 
  1 entomb, 
  1 nether spirit, 
  1 raven 's crime, 
  4 liliana of the veil, 
  1 worm harvest, 
  4 hymn to tourach, 
  4 smallpox, 
  1 swamp, 
  2 ghost quarter, 
  1 ensnaring bridge, 
  1 sylvan library, 
  4 chalice of the void, 
  4 leyline of the void, 
  i did n't invent this list , i got it from [ here ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dgoc9kqi8_k ) and i have n't really updated it since then as i have n't played it a huge amount in tournaments . 
  but when i have played it , it has been really fun . 
  the change i 've made is that i have sylvan library + extra gq in the sideboard while he had necroplasm and . . extra maelstrom pulse i think ? 
  \\  calls others nuts, 
  \\  admits in flair he used to play modern, 
  there are four decks in my flair kiddo , and one of them is the best in the format . 
   tarmogoyf which never sees play anymore, 
  ok https://www.mtggoldfish.com/format-staples/legacy/full/creatures it 's only in nearly 10 % of decks as a 4-of you 're totally right it 's never played ` anymore ' . 
  then why did it get banned ? 
  because it 's really good . 
  it 's not a ' 3 mana entomb ' .
