   in fact , a target becoming illegal does not result in any special behaviour for spells targeting any number of creatures , except if it happens to target precisely 1 creature . 
  that 's not true at all . 
  stop promoting misinformation . 
  a spell is countered if all of its targets become illegal . 
  it has nothing to do with if they are creatures and still applies if it has more than one target . 
  that 's the default , normal rule , by the way . 
  the special case is that if a spell loses only some of its targets , it is n't countered . 
  that is the weird case . 
  yes your example is silly . 
  but they should both prevent you from drawing if they want to make it consistent . 
   eternal is a blanket term for vintage and legacy . 
  no it is n't . 
  eternal formats are formats where all sets are legal . 
  commander , pauper , vintage and legacy are eternal formats . 
  that 's not capitalised , because it is n't a format . 
  you said ` in eternal ' and ` outside of eternal ' , but the way you used the term implied you thought eternal was a format . 
  but it is n't , there is no such format . 
  your claim that ` blue is overpowered in eternal formats ' is also objectively untrue . 
   what 's your beef with the colour balance in modern and standard ? 
  well it just is n't ` fine ' as you claim it is . 
  it 's more imbalanced in modern than it is in legacy for heaven 's sake . 
   if it did n't confuse anyone i would n't have brought it up . 
  if it confused people then it would have been changed decades ago . 
  it does n't confuse people , and it is n't confusing . 
   i 've seen people confused by it quite often . 
  i 've seen people confused by trample . 
  i 've seen people confused by blocking with multiple creatures . 
  i 've seen people confused by deathtouch . 
  i 've seen people confused by lifelink . 
  i 've seen people confused by colourless mana vs. generic mana . 
  magic has rules . 
  you need to learn those rules . 
  rather than constantly fucking over established players by unnecessarily changing the rules all the time they should stop producing shitty products designed for new players that have no fucking instruction manuals in them . 
  it 's just obviously how game developers design cards . 
  they design them based on how the mechanics work . 
  i have no idea why anyone would assume otherwise . 
  if you want to claim that they do n't design and balance cards based on how the rules work , be my guest . 
  but you 'll need some pretty compelling evidence to support that claim because it 's just so ludicrous . 
  stupid people will be stupid . 
  i refuse to elaborate whether i 'm talking about op or whomever op is complaining about though . 
  you 've failed to understand entirely . 
  they are not talking about giving people scry effects if their spells are countered . 
  that would be insanely overpowered and just stupid . 
  they are talking about making it so that if all targets of a spell become illegal then your spell is n't countered , it just fails to do the things to those targets . 
  what makes sense about doing part of what a card says when the targets become illegal ? 
  it makes perfect sense that if your targets become illegal then your spell no longer works and it is countered . 
  and this is n't unintuitive . 
  you need to learn specific rules to play magic . 
  get the fuck over it . 
   i work with newer players quite a bit . 
  from my experience , they assume that if a spell suddenly has no legal targets , it will still resolve the effects that had nothing to do with the target . 
  well they 're wrong . 
   on strategic complexity : i having trouble coming up with a situation where it is affected . 
  sure , some tactics become weaker and others stronger , but i ca n't think of any situation in which decision making is easier without increasing the difficulty for the player on the other end . 
  if someone could propose a situation in which strategy is negatively affected , that would be great for discussion !, 
  every single situation in which it comes up , which is all the bloody time . 
   he 's just asking you to pick a card that would be costed differently if fizzling did n't exist and explain why it could n't exist at the same cost . 
  well then every single spell that both has targets and has effects that do n't involve those targets . 
  that just does n't make any sense sorry . 
  i do n't have to be a mechanic to know that i would rather have a car that can be independently serviced by an independent mechanic than a car that requires me to pay the fees imposed and chosen by the manufacturer . 
  if 90 % of your code is glue code that joins components together then your code is worthless . 
  delete it . 
  build something useful . 
  they sell them as working . 
  then when they inevitably do n't totally work , we do n't see a cent of compensation . 
  that 's bullshit imo . 
  he claimed that they do n't balance around the rules of the game . 
  that 's a strong claim for him to back up . 
  i have n't made any claims . 
  turei lied , lied and lied again . 
  she repeatedly contradicted herself and contradicted others . 
  she never apologised and never paid anything back . 
  she ousted anyone in her party that opposed her lying fraudulent behaviour . 
  those all contributed to the way she was treated . 
   it makes sense given the itty-bitty details of how spells work, 
  no it makes sense intuitively . 
   intuitive here means `` how would a new player expect this to work ? 
  '' , not `` can enfranchised players wrap their head around it ? '' . 
  changing those itty-bitty details can make interactions like these more intuitive . 
  you do n't know what intuitive means . 
  it 's intuitive because it 's how anyone would expect it to work . 
  in any fantasy world , if you cast a spell and someone prevents it from affecting them , it does n't do anything . 
  in magic , this comes up constantly . 
  it 's not obscure or anything . 
  it 's normal , how the game works . 
  it 's very basic stuff . 
  you 're just * wrong * , sorry . 
  fizzling comes up * all the time * . 
  it 's extremely common . 
   if a hypothetical inexperienced player casts cryptic choosing a targeted mode and the draw mode , and the target goes away , what tells the player that they do n't get to draw a card ? 
  the rules of the game tell them that . 
   the two abilities appear to be completely independent in the eyes of those who do n't already know the fizzle rule . 
  no they do n't . 
  they 're on the same card . 
  the basic rules of the game that everyone is taught when they first learn it , along with ` you can tap lands for mana ' ( you have to learn that ) and ` you can attack with your creatures ' is that ` if the target goes away the spell is countered by the game - it fizzles ' . 
  it 's just basic stuff . 
   see , there 's even ambiguity in that statement and you obviously did n't read my original post very carefully where i mentioned that giving people scrye effects would be overpowered . 
  giving people any effects is not going to happen . 
  ever . 
   i was trying to communicate that we ca n't just fix this whole thing by trying to change how the current system works wholesale and trying to dip into design space in the same fashion that they did with the new mulligan rule might be the solution to this .
