  3 % is generally the inflation target for first-world economies these days . 
  is 2.9 % inflation really something to be worried about ? 
  list systems , which most proportional systems are , heavily lean towards heavily whipped parties . 
  the uk is incredibly lightly whipped in parliament . 
  in nz mps do n't even vote most of the time , party whips just say ` all of us will vote for this ' and that 's that . 
  have you read any of the banning threads , ever ? 
  tron is pretty widely considered shit for the format . 
  you 'd be better off feeding off my haha lol i bought 8 playsets of sfm kill me salt . 
  if they were going to ban something from the deck , they would either ban ancient stirrings ( in line with ponder/preordain ) or one of the tron lands , i think . 
  expedition map is entirely fair . 
  wotc does n't care about bans that affect other decks . 
  they banned top in legacy , which was only obnoxious in one tier 1 deck , but which also massively affected many other decks negatively that were already not great . 
  * what are you looking for ? 
  : something as close to runescape classic or ultima online as possible , but which is n't either of those two games . 
  preferably isometric 2d , but anything isometricish is fine . 
  * what games have you previously played ? 
  : pretty much everything that is n't asian , and a few of them . 
  too many to list . 
  * any preferred mechanics ? 
  : i 'd much prefer a game without action bars . 
  i 'd much prefer a game where your character has skills that have levels but no overall level . 
  i 'd much prefer a game that does n't focus on combat , but has combat . 
  * anything specific you want to exclude ? 
  : all games with cash shops of any kind . 
  if you think that ` end game pve ' is the be-all and end-all of mmorpgs you need to get out of your wow clone subgenre and actually play real mmorpgs , son . 
  wow is an mmodcg : a mildly multiplayer online dungeon crawling game . 
  since 2004 , you mean . 
  runescape was n't ` mostly solo ' . 
  that 's a myth . 
  that ignores that you * had * to interact with other players to play . 
  sure , actually * doing things * was mostly solo , if you ignore clan wars ( and i mean actual clans actually fighting in the wildy in the old days , not the shitty minigame ) and minigames ( the good ones ) , which were wildly popular . 
  but the economy was very integrated and important . 
  training spots were crowded and full of chatter and interaction . 
  not like mmos now where everyone 's off in instances , and even in the open world do n't talk , just run past each other , because the games are all about running from quest objective to quest objective and spending about 15s killing mobs in between . 
  doing quests when they came out in rs was * amazingly * social . 
  everyone figuring it out together , figuring out the puzzles , experiencing the story , being amazed . 
  it was great . 
   wildstar has some of the most fun and engaging encounters that require cooperation in an mmo, 
  they do n't , though . 
  they do n't require cooperation . 
  they require you to jump around like you 're playing an action platformer or a bullet-dodging sidescroller , while doing exactly the same tank/heal/dps shit . 
  every game is social with friends . 
  that 's not the point . 
   bgs and dungeons, 
  go back to wow kid, 
  i already play legacy . 
  but i do n't own tundras . 
  i do n't think wotc really cares about that . 
  if they did , sdt would be legal in legacy and terminus would be banned instead . 
  except i am in voice with them . 
  pretty much everything is fun with friends in voice bro . 
  welcome to reddit . 
  the green-coloured threads at the top of the list of threads are called ` stickies ' and they are stuck permanently to the top . 
  one of them is a game recommendation thread , you might get more help there . 
  gx tron is the tron that actually impacts the format , because it 's the tron that makes control unplayable . 
   charles seems to use his influence a lot more often and a lot less subtly at the moment, 
  he is n't the monarch . 
  when he is , it will be a totally different story . 
  he 's not stupid , he understands the constitutional role of the monarch . 
  elected heads of states are divisive . 
  heads of state are ceremonial figureheads who should represent * everyone * . 
  shit tier crap . 
  disliking wildstar does n't mean i like bdo . 
   studies have proven that removing fees does n't actually increase enrolment that much ( using the example of germany ) . 
  ` studies ' have n't proven anything of the sort . 
  germany * intentionally * has low university attendance rates , and that 's a good thing . 
  we do not want to be like the us , where attendance rates at university is so high that it 's almost expected that everyone has one to have a job , and having a degree loses all meaning . 
  for those that are capable of doing it ( obviously i 'm not saying that we should have no entrance requirements ) education is a human right . 
  arts degrees are important . 
  this disgusting obsession with the americanism that is ` stem degrees ' is pathetic , and i say that as someone with a science degree that works in software . 
  commerce degrees are important . 
  all education is important . 
  everyone capable of doing it should go to university and become educated . 
  it should n't be a matter of ` should i go to university , take on debt , will that be good for my career vs. doing something else that 's cheaper to train in ' crap . 
   i 'm not saying they ca n't do it . 
  i 'm not saying do n't help them . 
  what i 'm saying is that if you 're asking for high levels of investment via existing subsides and zero interest , then you should have some of your own skin in the game and pay some back once you 're earning . 
  hopefully that will encourage people to make good choices about roi on what they choose to do . 
  that 's clearly problematic for two reasons . 
  firstly , ` roi ' is not why we have education systems . 
  universities are no degree mills . 
  they do n't exist to provide qualified candidates to ` industry ' . 
  they are about * education * . 
  having an educated population is worthwhile * in and of itself * . 
  secondly , the idea that having ` some of your own skin in the game ' makes people work harder is just rubbish . 
  it 's not at all true . 
  and the idea that you should ` pay some back once you 're earning ' is completely unreasonable . 
  once you 're earning you 're * already * paying it back through your taxes , which are higher if you are earning more and lower if you are earning less . 
  paying back the loan * as well * is unfair for the same reason that * all * so-called ` user pays ' systems benefit the rich over the poor . 
  what the fuck is ` ya 'll ' ? 
   for example , a women in auckland was recently threatened with eviction . 
  so her house was occupied by supporters and she still lives there . 
  so she was threatened with eviction and responded by flagrantly violating the law and continuing to occupy property that is n't hers ? 
  why is that a good thing ? 
   or when dame whina cooper was filling drains faster than the pakeha could build them . 
  that sounds like extraordinarily destructive behaviour that should be punished to the fullest extent of the law . 
  yeah i definitely agree . 
  it 's funny really , i 'd much rather more mouse-focused gameplay so i can type at the same time . 
  it 's not that i want games to be easier , or anything , i just would like to be able to click things . 
  you * can * click abilities in wow , for example , but it 's very inefficient .
