  you pay sky a small fee ( maybe $ 10/month ) for the connection , and you can then access content from many different tv providers over that connection . 
  you might access tvnz , who do n't charge anything , or someone else . 
  the barrier to entry to starting a channel and broadcasting over sky is much lower , and thus there 's more competition and better competition . 
  different channel providers compete with content to attract viewers . 
  instead sky has a massive advantage in that their dishes are everywhere and you need to go out and buy a whole new set top box to access anyone else 's content . 
  nice argument . 
  this obsession with free trade does my head in . 
  the * entire * point of tariffs is to protect nz businesses from unfair competition with countries like china and russia that totally ignore human rights . 
  russia is probably less bad , but china has ridiculously low minimum wages and horrible safety standards , lowering the cost of production there . 
  we have a higher minimum wage , and to prevent that from damaging our manufacturing we are meant to have tariffs . 
  instead we have a free trade deal with china . 
  it 's nuts . 
  there 's a big difference between posting a picture of someone obtained by trawling through their post history and mentioning something that 's literally visible on their profile without scrolling down . 
  quite frankly , i do n't think that posting something somebody posted on reddit should ever be considered ` doxing ' . 
  doxing means doing things like going through all their pictures and analysing them for personal information ( including going through exif data and stuff like that ) , making inferences about their personal life , using social engineering over the phone to get information about them , etc. 
  then dumping it all on 4chan . 
  copy-and-pasting something they posted is not doxing . 
  so i 'm a bad person because i do n't like sexist generalisations ? 
  if i wrote an article entitled ` no ` i ' in sex ' where i accused women of going out , getting drunk and sleeping with lots of men in a self-centred manner , that would be outrageous . 
  if it were posted here , it would be deleted , and if it were n't deleted it would be rightfully smashed by people as being horribly sexist . 
  but apparently it 's okay to make sexist generalisations towards men . 
  sexist generalisations no thanks . 
  the issue is n't about competition between isps . 
  why do you not understand this ? 
  it 's about competition between services . 
   tell me how a netflix competitor is affected by your definition of net neutrality which is about a deal between an isp and website ? 
  because who would use $ competitor , which uses up their data cap , when they can use netflix , which does n't ? 
   so what if spark shape netflix and hamper other streaming sites ? 
  you can change isp !, 
  other streaming sites can make deals with other isps you can change too . 
  that 's ridiculous . 
  it is not at all settled . 
  what are you talking about ? 
  teaching has never been a higher priority . 
  in the past , it was a minor but important part of university education . 
  now , universities are barely distinguishable from polytechs , they 're * incredibly * focused on teaching , almost above all else . 
  why is your personal opinion relevant , op ? 
  i really do n't understand this at all . 
  why ? 
  why base it on the ` risk ' levels of pupils ? 
  i really , really do n't see what that has to do with anything . 
  what do individual ` at-risk ' pupils have to do with school funding ? 
  schools do n't have costs proportional to how risky their pupils are . 
  the point of the decile system is that schools have higher fees ( call them donations if you want , but they 're fees ) if they serve a higher socioeconomic bracket , and so get less government funding . 
  schools in poorer areas get less money from parents so they get more from the government . 
  i see absolutely no reason why this - a perfectly sensible and sane system - should be turned into one where a child getting sexually abused increases the funding for the school they 're at . 
  that 's just absurd . 
  this is so completely insane ... 
  if they were abolishing and banning school fees ( `` donations '' ) and giving every school the same level of funding , then giving schools additional funding on top based on pupils that need additional support , i could understand that , but they certainly are n't doing that . 
   a century later , we can look back and admire them for making a stand against a bloody and ultimately pointless war . 
  with the perspective of time , it can be argued they were horribly bullied and mistreated for holding views history has now proved to be right . 
  god i am sick of this stupid meme . 
  there was nothing ` ultimately pointless ' about ww1 , but even beyond that `` this war is pointless '' is * not * a valid conscientious objection . 
  that 's not why they objected . 
  they objected to * all violence no matter what * . 
  pacifism is the only valid reason to conscientiously object . 
  political disagreement is not a valid reason . 
  so do n't sully their names by claiming that your ( incorrect ) view that it was ` pointless ' was their justification , because it was n't . 
  similarly , sbw has no valid reason to cover up logos whatsoever . 
   because rather than a scatter gun approach the idea is to target individuals so that the money is better spent, 
  the cost of education does n't depend on how ` at-risk ' people are . 
  the cost of education is the same everywhere . 
  the decile system offsets the increased fees from higher socioeconomic areas by giving more money to schools in lower socioeconomic areas . 
  this is n't a `` scatter gun approach '' . 
  they rely on parental ` donations ' . 
   people from deprived households are highly likely to be ` at risk ' . 
  ` at risk ' students do increase costs for schools , and significantly . 
  if they do not get additional attention in class , and outside class , they suffer much worse educational outcomes and they impact on the education of the students around them . 
  as i said , i have no problem with additional funding for these students . 
  but schools in lower socioeconomic areas get this additional funding to offset donations , * not * to correct for ` at-risk ' students . 
   i do n't support the ` at risk ' framework that national is introducing . 
  it misses some of the key features of a decile framework , including stability , and it narrows the definition of who gets additional funding . 
  this is exactly what i find so confusing about it . 
  they are trading a system that basically rates schools from 1 to 10 on how easy it is for them to get additional funding from parents and top them up so they 're more fair and equal in that funding , with a system that gives extra funding to schools with more at-risk students . . 
  i have no problem with the latter , it just seems ** completely ** unrelated to the first . 
  why not add the funding for at-risk students and then not randomly remove deciles at the same time ? 
  this is an obvious smokescreen from the national party . 
  these changes have nothing at all to do with each other . 
  you do n't get a choice . 
  conscription and war are n't something you get to choose to follow whatever political beliefs you like on . 
  you do what you 're told . 
  that 's how conscription works . 
  it 's not a voluntary system . 
  being politically opposed to a war does * not * count as a valid conscientious objection to being conscripted into it , in exactly the same way that being politically opposed to taxes does n't exempt you from them . 
   conscientious objectors included pacifists , non-interventionist , non-resistant , non-agressionist and anti-militaristic . 
  forcing men to join the military via conscription and the draft took away their inherent right to free will and self-determination . 
  every law that exists takes away some element of free will and self-determination . 
  we are n't purely individuals , we exist as part of a society . 
  part of existing as part of a society is contributing to it . 
  that means you have to pay taxes , even if you are politically opposed to it , and that you can be conscripted , even if you do n't agree with conscription or the war in question . 
  that 's how society works . 
  there 's no real difference between being required to pay taxes and being drafted . 
  they 're the same kind of thing . 
  the reality is that we sometimes let people conscientiously object from war , because it 's politically expedient to allow them to . 
  that 's a political decision , based on what people think . 
  being politically opposed to a particular war is not a valid reason . 
  being morally opposed to all violence is . 
  the line is somewhere in the middle . 
   many objectors were tortured and/or killed as a result in a bid to discourage conscientious objection . 
  that has nothing to do with it .
