  they explicitly said loads of times that they were n't going to take a ` reserved list ' approach to modern . 
  they said players should expect their cards to be reprinted to match demand . 
  if you get burnt by that . . well . . tough shit . 
  til that not spending thousands of dollars on your friends to help them get into an incompetently designed and managed card game makes you an ` asshole ' . 
  this blog post is a total waste of time . 
  it 's just repeating the same shit that people have been saying about comments for decades . 
  there is nothing new and nothing of value here . 
  so you 've been studying the subject of game design for ** five years ** and you do n't understand the concept of balancing effects with costs ? 
  you do n't understand the idea that things are balanced based on their * costs * ? 
  what tinpot school are you going to where you do n't get taught that on the first fucking day ? 
  why do you even need to be taught it in the first place ? 
  it 's just incredibly obvious . 
  powerful effects are balanced by higher costs . 
  this is just obvious basic shit . 
  this card is unbelievably weak . 
  you cast it on turn 1 , they just kill it immediately , or any time in the next couple of turns . 
  it 's like ancestral visions , but super easily disrupted . 
  now if the sacrificing was replaced with tapping it , it might actually be playable . 
  given that sea 's claim is 1 mana , maybe it 's a little too strong to just add storm onto it directly . . ? 
   it 's almost like, 
  structuring your sentences like this is obnoxious . 
  `` it 's almost as if [ thing ] '' should just be '' [ thing ] '' . 
  talking in cliches does not make you sound intelligent . 
  quite the opposite in fact . 
   if you give a storm spell a high cost in an environment with no mana rituals it will only ever get played for storm count 1 , and if the environment does have rituals then it 's going to be impossible to keep from going off . 
  standard has n't had a ritual for a long time , certainly not a playable ritual for a long time . 
  in fact , standard has basically never had a powerful storm deck . 
  so let 's get that out of the way first . 
  wizards of the coast do not balance cards for modern or legacy or vintage . 
  they do n't care if a newly printed card will be too good in legacy . 
  it does n't matter . 
  if it is , they 'll ban it . 
  that 's been their attitude for a long time , and it 's widely accepted to be a good one . 
  it means they can stretch boundaries and try new things without constantly worrying about how they affect modern and legacy and vintage . 
  mind 's desire was almost immediately banned in legacy and restricted in vintage . 
  this was fine . 
  it was a cool , fun tier 2 deck in standard and i think saw some extended play as well . 
  it 's the most powerful storm card ever printed and it was * fine * . 
  would it be broken in legacy ? 
  sure . 
  who cares ? 
  it 's not in legacy . 
  would it be broken in modern ? 
  probably . 
  who cares ? 
  it 's not in modern . 
  would it be insane if you could chain them in vintage , unrestricted ? 
  sure . 
  who cares ? 
  it 's restricted . 
  tendrils of agony is a powerful tier 1 strategy in legacy . 
  this is fine . 
  that 's what legacy is all about : playing with powerful cards . 
  it 's a good , positive metagame impact in legacy . 
  so you never know whether a newly printed card will be too good or just right or too weak for nonrotating formats . 
  dark petition was very , very good in vintage , slotted nicely as a 1-of into legacy tendrils decks , and was n't playable in modern . 
  if they 'd hesitated and nerfed it ( or removed it from the set ) because ` it might break legacy ' then the game would be worse as a result . 
  a card like this :, 
  thunderous bolts - 2rr, 
  instant, 
  ~ deals 2 damage to target creature . 
  storm, 
  i have n't tested this , of course . 
  it would need , like every other card they print , to be playtested and balanced according to what is fair in standard and in limited . 
  but it 's a start . 
  it 's at best a 4 mana board wipe , if you cast a couple of spells before it , which is pretty bad . 
  often it 's going to be that you cast a couple of cheap spells and then kill a couple of creatures with this , which is fine but not particularly great . 
  maybe it would be fine at 1rr , maybe it needs to be 3rr . 
  it 's hard to tell . 
  it 's not hard to balance the card though , you just need to playtest it and change the numbers as appropriate . 
  what else . 
  they could just reprint tendrils of agony , for example . 
  people think because it 's in a legacy deck that it must be some super op card , but i can assure you nobody would play it in modern if it were legal , as dark ritual does n't exist . 
  he 's already said that before . 
  that 's not what he 's saying . 
  he 's saying , quite explicitly , that they want to limit the number of reprints to preserve the value of existing cards . 
  the paper legacy meta changes much more slowly than the online meta . 
  the online meta changes really quickly . 
  what is the deck to beat is based on * paper * results , not * online * results . 
  i 'm sorry that your local meta ( mtgo ) does n't perfectly reflect the overall paper metagame , but tough shit kid . 
   i do n't know why it was n't revised when tcdeck 's added mtgo to the list of places they collect data from . 
  because mtgo is n't relevant to paper magic . 
  including mtgo data is no different from including every fnm held at one particular store in australia . 
  it 's a weirdly biased metagame . 
   lands is a good deck , its just not a dtb because it is n't represented very much . 
  i 've had one lands match in my 70 + online matches , lately . 
  your 70 online matches are n't even a statistically significant sample of the online metagame let alone a statistically significant sample of the global legacy meta . 
   t was a deck to beat a few months ago , then everyone decided pile is a much better control deck . 
  ` everyone ' did not decide anything of the sort . 
  legacy should n't move due to the vagaries of the online meta . 
  online metagame data has literally never been useful . 
  it will never be useful , no matter how many 5-0 lists they show us . 
  it just does n't bear any similarity to the paper metagame . 
  the current trend of people hopping onto the bandwagon of whatever is currently being played on mtgo is almost as bad for the format as when scg opens were more prevalent for legacy and the format cemented around whatever was good in them . 
  nothing changes in legacy in 3.5 weeks . 
  anyone that tells you otherwise puts far too much faith in mtgo data . 
   a pauper corollary to this point : the first three leagues that posted after this change all included burn . 
  looking at these a new player could be under the false impression that burn hovers around 20 % of the metagame . 
  in amonkhet season it was well under 3 % of the total winner 's metagame . 
  yet this new player does not have that information .
