  they do n't have any parked cars already , everyone lives down driveways and/or has a garage , and the road is only barely wide enough for two cars . 
  it 's a residential street . 
  i 'm not at all opposed to cycleways , to be clear . 
  it 'd be great to bike to work . 
  they do n't want to pay tax on their income either . 
  tough shit . 
  there are plenty of english teachers . 
  there are plenty of history teachers . 
  there are plenty of social studies teachers . 
  there are no maths teachers . 
  why would the average maths graduate teach when they can go into software , where they :, 
  wo n't be automatically considered a pedophile by half the population because they 're male teachers, 
  wo n't be at constant risk of someone accusing them of something , ruining their career forever even if it 's not true, 
  make a hell of a lot more money , work fewer hours, 
  do n't have to interact with kids . 
  even if you like kids , dealing with kids gets immensely tiring very quickly, 
   a reasonable assumption is that people with degrees in this area are able to find much higher paying jobs in other sectors, 
  and are more likely to be male . 
  male teachers are a rarity nowadays , because it 's just so dangerous to be a male teacher . 
  being a male teacher at a primary school means half the population automatically assumes you 're a paedophile . 
  being a male teacher at a secondary school means you 're one kid lying away from being on the sex offender 's register . 
  that applies to rape just as much , yes . 
  if you get blackout drunk and walk home through aranui you do n't deserve it , but you still are being incredibly naive and putting yourself at risk . 
  that does n't mean you deserve it , but it 's reality . 
   it was inevitable because just as criminals are flawed , so are store owners . 
  they are also restricted in what they can do to protect themselves from criminals . 
  no they are n't . 
  they can stop selling cigarettes ( like not accepting cash , which some shops do now ) , they can have fewer on premises at once ( which all shops do with cash , as little as possible ) , they can close up earlier ( these tend to happen late at night ) . 
  they have lots of options . 
   a key part of governance is recognizing that your citizens are human beings that will struggle to act rationally , even if they do act predictably . 
  recognising has an 's ' in it , in new zealand . 
   beyond that , it definitely seems like the politicians involved with the legislation are fine using the threat of organized and violent crime to continue getting rid of cigarettes, 
  he said , again misspelling a word like an american while linking to an article that says the opposite of what he said :, 
  ' a spate of violent holdups has prompted a suggestion dairies stop selling cigarettes but , stop crime nz founder sunny kaushal says that would n't prevent more holdups . 
  `` the robbery that happened on friday night in henderson , this shop deals with beauty products . 
  there 's no cigarettes in that one , '' he told newshub . ', 
  if two cars want to pass they already essentially have to slow down and give way . 
  and why should we do that so people can use our street as a ` recreational cycleway ' ? 
  it does n't even go into town , so we could n't use it to go to work ... 
  the road is like 6.5 m wide , i do n't really want it to be reduced to 4m so that a bunch of cyclists can block the nice grassy bank of the river where i walk my dog ... that is assuming it 's a ` cycleway ' and not just a cycle lane . 
  there are already lots of cycle lanes around here , the name suggests to me it 's a full separated cycle lane . 
  people bike along this road all the time honestly . 
  i would n't want to cross tennyson st/burnbrae st. on a bike though , and i ca n't imagine they could improve that . 
  terrible quiz that was clearly just copied from the us and changed ` us ' to ` new zealand ' . 
  because ... ? 
   i found the relevant section for you since you have trouble reading, 
  i saw that section . 
  tariana turia is not a ` politician involved with the legislation ' , she retired from parliament 3y ago . 
  that 's the problem . 
  so we should ban all immigration ? 
  sarcastically shocked or sarcastically ` racist ' ? 
  i was being sarcastic . 
  because it 's fair . 
  if you have $ 1,000,000 and you put it in stocks , and they go up 10 % , you pay tax on that gain . 
  if you have $ 1,000,000 , buy a house , and it goes up by 10 % in a year , and you pay * zero * tax , how is that fair ? 
  the person that bought stocks got a $ 100,000 profit , but only gets $ 70,000 out . 
  you got a $ 100,000 profit and get the full $ 100,000 . 
  ah you missed my point . 
  your house might be your home , but it 's not being taxed because it 's your home , it 's being taxed because it 's an asset and assets are taxed . 
  my home is n't my house , my home is rented . 
  they are n't taxing my home , they 're taxing my house . 
  they will tax my house whether i live in it or not . 
  thinking of it as ` taxing peoples ' homes ' is silly . 
  they are taxing people for having homes , they 're taxing them for making money , just as it works for every other type of investment . 
  i get that it 's a good book , but it is about as suspicious as the nutters when you always reference only one source . 
   it 's why i rail on the current govt labour, 
  there is no labour government ... 
   refugees and skilled migrants are in a whole different category and there are very different arguments for both . 
  sure , but the thread is about immigration in general and refugees are a type of immigrant . 
   refugees are given temporary residence on humanitarian grounds . 
  no , they 're almost always given permanent residence . 
  do you really , seriously expect the governments of nz or any european country to be sending back refugees ? 
   refugees cost a lot but citizens believe that letting them die is immoral . 
  correction : the liberals guilt-trip people into letting them in , just like the authoritarians guilt-trip people into insanely harsh criminal penalties . 
  ` wo n't you think of the africans ??? ', 
  is no better than ` wo n't you think of the children ??? ' . 
  lots of people die all the time . 
  we ca n't let everyone that is in danger just leave wherever they are in danger and go wherever they like . 
  i support taking some refugees , but when it 's a large-scale problem we should go and fix it at the source . 
  if that means invading syria then fuck it , the un should invade syria . 
   on the other hand , immigrants are given residency under the provision that they result in a net benefit to the country . 
  under the assumption , you mean . 
  they are n't here provisionally . 
   other countries are tightening immigration laws , but many , like germany , are also making special accommodations to offer sanctuary to those threatened by war in syria . 
  germany is certainly not tightening immigration laws . 
  it 's in the eu . 
  it can not . 
  honestly ? 
  i do n't know . 
  i assume it 's because that would be capital gains tax , and saying ` capital gains tax ' makes it impossible to get elected . 
  that 's a capital cost . 
  i think it 's because they 're under huge pressure to allow people onto the roads before they 're ready . 
  the roads do n't get a chance to properly harden before they allow cars and trucks back onto them . 
   the eu certainly does have rules on freedom of movement between eu countries , but it does not prevent creating and enforcement of internal immigration laws . 
  yes it does . 
  the immigration laws are only as strong as the weakest immigration laws in the union , as if you want to get into x you can get into y and then freedom of movement means you can get from y to x very easily , usually with a very short wait . 
  i have a belgian passport and it 's all very easy . 
  you are n't paying for the ` right to live in their own house ' . 
  you 're paying for government services . 
   i can understand a capital gains tax , but you can not seriously tax people on an ongoing basis for living in their own home .
