  if your choices ca n't fail - ca n't be unsuccessful , ca n't be bad , ca n't be wrong - then you are just making pointless cosmetic choices . 
  people do n't want balance . 
  people want a diverse set of options they can choose , which play in different ways , have real strengths and real weaknesses , and are fun to play . 
  if there is a class you like in a class-based game , then this is great , as long as the class is viable . 
  if there is n't a single class you like , it 's really problematic . 
   no , many non-cosmetic misconstructions have no impact of being able to compete fairly with other players, 
  by definition non-cosmetic microtransactions are unfair . 
   so no `` win '' is involved is those . 
  those are just time savers . 
  ` pay to win ' has never been a literal turn . 
  i assume you are familiar with the concept of names of things not being literal descriptions of them ? 
  unless your name actually is rewsasw irl ? 
  can anyone comment on how this compares to rift 's soul trees ? 
   then again ... siggi henry is probably on an alright wicket being a counselor ... 
  councillor . 
  a councillor tells you to be careful of fat people as they might fall on you , a counsellor helps you recover psychologically after being trapped under a fat cunt . 
  name them, 
  the only red card in your list is earthshaker khenra , and even that is pretty awful . 
  i doubt anyone starts playing the game because of the story . 
  it 's not good story , never has been . 
   red can do more than just go face . 
  cheap spells are red 's forte , and they have n't printed any good cheap red burn spells in a very long time . 
  red is not meant to just be the colour of a couple of splashed spells in control decks . 
  that 's not the point of the colour . 
  there 's a massive contingent of players that like playing red decks . 
  they 're cheap , aggressive , proactive and fun . 
  they 've essentially deleted them from standard , and standard is way less popular . 
  what a fuckin surprise . 
   and earthshaker is a great card . 
  it 's easily the best two drop for rdw printed in a long time . 
  it 's absolutely not a ` great card ' . 
  it 's a mediocre card . 
  printing a whole lot of absolute shit then a mediocre card does n't make a mediocre card great . 
  maybe they should n't print 90 % worthless garbage then . 
  you can do carpentry and tiling at the same time . 
  if you learn a new skill , it should add to your skillset . 
  it should not force you to pick exactly one class to play at once . 
  i have no problem with red being able to do more than just attack . 
  do n't imply that i 've said things i did n't say . 
  i have a problem with red being * incapable * of attacking . 
  and red aggro simply is n't viable in standard . 
  there should always be a red aggro deck in standard , just like there should always be a green ramp deck in standard and there should always be a blue control deck in standard . 
  they do n't have to all be tier 1 . 
  but they just literally do n't print the cards to make such a deck anymore . 
  what, 
  ` content ' is shit . 
   quests and dialog creation would also suffer . 
  you would have to use a lot generic quests such as kill x and gather x items with no real story as well . 
  the flavor of dialogs and zones would really suffer . 
  these require much more time and effort to develop than having fewer , more interesting quests . 
   the biggest thing to suffer would be raids and dungeons though . 
  you could n't expect much in the way of engaging fights , those take months to playtest and design . 
  good . 
  raids and dungeons can go die in a fire . 
  pun intended . 
   the other compromise is graphics , because of the scale of the game just modeling the graphics for an mmo is going to take 2-3 years . 
  if you use canned graphics you could do better , but then the art quality suffers and you are left with a feeling of things that do n't belong because they might not fit the style perfectly . 
  so-called ` modern ' graphics looks tacky and ages incredibly quickly anyway . 
   first you would have to limit population, 
  definitely not . 
  population limits in games today are mostly because of * graphics * , which are naturally less demanding in a lower budget mmorpg . 
  having built in limitations is always a good thing . 
  i do n't see what these have to do with each other . 
  classless systems are n't inherently limitless . 
  some are , but some class-based games are too . 
  ffxiv lets you level them all up on one character , for example . 
   the inherent problem is with certain skill lines being better , or certain combinations of skills just more or less gimping your character . 
  that 's not an issue with classless systems , it 's an issue with character customisation in general . 
  there are three possibilities :, 
  you can customise your character and it makes a significant difference ,, 
  you can customise your character and it does n't make any difference , or, 
  you ca n't customise your character, 
  if you can customise your character but it does n't actually ever punish you for making the wrong choices , then it also never rewards you for making the right choices . 
  that 's boring . 
  character customisation becomes completely cosmetic . 
  a fire mage shoots fireballs and a frost mage shoots frostballs and that 's it , they 're just visual differences . 
  that 's not really customisation , if it never actually means anything . 
  that does n't mean there should always be a ` best ' option , but there can definitely be good and bad options . 
  this is true of character customisation in classless and class-based games . 
  if a class-based game is easy to balance it 's because you ca n't really customise your character in any real depth . 
  playing a cookie cutter copy of every other character is boring . 
  character customisation should be more like deckbuilding magic the gathering or hearthstone than talent trees in world of warcraft . 
  yes there are good decks and good cards and bad decks and bad cards in magic , but there are * lots * of good decks and * lots * of good cards . 
  there 's a common myth that any complex character customisation system always ends up with one objectively correct choice . 
  that only happens when there 's essentially one single activity you do in the game . 
  in wow , if you are dps , you only dps . 
  the build that maximises single target dps is the correct build . 
  when you have more incomparable effects , more diverse gameplay , more interesting choices to make , etc. 
  then the number of viable options explodes . 
   classless is n't inherently limitless , but typically speaking , you 're not going to be inherently stuck in a singular role unless you actively choose to play that way . 
  your personal choices are the limitation in a classless system . 
  although , the character customization process can create limitations within that system , ie ability to specialize skills , abilities locked behind specialization , etc. 
  you do n't need to have things ` locked ' behind specialisations ( i.e. 
  classes ) . 
  you just have to not have every option available at once . 
  to use the card game analogy , if you can only have 60 cards in your deck , you ca n't do everything . 
  you ca n't be aggro and control and combo and midrange at once . 
  classless does n't mean `` runescape '' . 
  runescape definitely has the situation where low level players are all the same ( which is * completely * fine in my opinion ) , mid-level players are all very different ( which is awesome ) but high-level players are all nigh-identical . 
  and that * is * a problem .
