  there 's more end products than people want . 
  that 's because most produced items are utterly useless . 
  runescape could fix this by adding new higher level items that depend on mid-level items that depend on low-level items . 
  people would n't ` buy xp ' if the game has proper item sinks , they 'd make money doing the same thing . 
  it is objectively incorrect to play steam vents . 
  this is extremely well-established in legacy . 
  this is n't lsv 's build . 
  yeah, 
  we both agree that the issue is that supply exceeds demand , right ? 
  whether that 's caused by low demand or high supply is pretty meaningless imo , because ` low demand ' is just low relative to supply i.e. 
  it 's the same as saying that supply is higher than demand . 
  the reason for high supply and low demand is of course that the items are n't useful and basically never go away , and they 're produced en masse to level up . 
  oh , and many items traditionally produced by levelling in rs are now also dropped in stupid numbers by most of the recently added bosses . 
  the ` problem ' of players producing thousands of sets of armour would be resolved if that armour was n't useless and if it degraded . 
  it would of course also be resolved if every newly added monster did n't drop half a full set of rune every time you killed it , and every player did n't have to make a hundred thousand platebodies to level up . 
   the problem with a f2p mmorpg that 's ` cash shop-less ' is that they do n't make any revenue , which means they wo n't be able to make new content and keep the game running . 
  that 's why i said ` subscription-based cash-shop-less ' . 
   even ffxiv and wow , the two big subscription based mmorpg 's have cash shops . 
  it 's a quick way to make money . 
  even if you have 1 million people and only 1 % of your subscribers purchase 1 $ 20 item from your cash shop , you 're still making $ 200k . 
  it 's a quick way to make money , but it 's not sustainable in the long term without either particle creeping or power creeping the things you can buy . 
  what i mean is that over time the cash shop items get fancier and fancier and more obnoxious over time with more and more giant particle effects and they ultimately just get more and more ridiculous . 
  this is * really * offputting , personally . 
  you can see this in dota 2 : the more recent cosmetics are basically pure particle effects . 
  the older ones follow a style guide that they 've broken hundreds of times since then . 
  some of the new ones even make silohuettes confused , which is really frustrating ( that 's a bounty hunter , not an lc ! ) . 
  or , if they are n't purely cosmetic , you just get straight up power creep . 
  and that really sucks . 
  it 's fundamentally just greedy shit . 
  and not everybody has to be greedy . 
  yeah but the problem is that those items are just utterly useless . 
  a set of full plate armour should n't be useless in a fantasy setting !, 
  and alching is basically the floor price on a lot of items which * is * important , although obviously it can cause inflation issues to have this unbounded introduction of currency into the system . 
  and yeah , again , they value exp more than gear because gear is just worthless . 
  they 'd value gear more than xp if there was actually a sink for the gear . 
  lower supply -  more value . 
  that 's because it 's implicit that what people say is their opinion in a discussion subreddit about a completely subjective past-time . 
  yeah it 's bad but lots of decks play lands that are dead in their openers . 
  to be frank the other option is just playing another fetchland , which is also a perfectly fine option imo . . 
  that 's actually a very good point . 
  runescape these days is very xp-focused is n't it . 
  all about those 99s . 
  stating things is not ` trying to pass my opinion as objectivity ' . 
  it 's just stating my opinion . 
  you 're the one that 's inferring some sort of intent to state facts . 
  no , what you are saying is a load of idiotic shit . 
   the invention skill is runescape 's answer to this , it 's basically designed to give you xp for destroying items . 
  :p it 's obviously not enough , though . 
  finished products will always be worth less than their material components . 
  it really does make the runescape economy feel cheesy and contrived . 
  the fact that you can straight buy gp from jagex does n't help either . 
  yeah it 's a real problem . 
  their ` the solution to this underlying economic problem is to introduce a skill that sinks the oversupplied resource ' strategy has been tried twice now ( construction as a money sink back when inflation - oversupply of money - was huge issue in the game , and invention now that the bigger problem is oversupply of items ) . 
  i do n't think it has really done much either time . 
  i doubt they 'll try it again , but who knows . 
  third time lucky ? 
   another way games deal with it is by having some sort of labor pool mechanic . 
  similar to archeage , if you 've ever played it . 
  of course , they totally fucked it up by letting you pay money for a bigger labour pool , but imagine they did n't . 
  the problem is imo that those labour pool mechanics really do only exist so you can sell more of them in 99 % of games , and so even if you do n't want to sell more of them , players will ( quite fairly ) assume that even if you do n't now , you will in the future . 
  so even if it 's a good idea in a vacuum , it has the double problem of : firstly , restricting players from playing the game ( same problem with lockouts on dungeons/raids , crafting cooldowns , etc. ), 
  and secondly , it screams ` pay to win ' to players even if it is n't pay to win !, 
  so it 's probably unworkable , alas . 
   having a pool of points that regenerates over time and is expended when you perform crafting actions gives finished products an inherent value , the value of your labor , like products in real life . 
  it makes for a really interesting economy where it 's actually profitable to craft stuff . 
  buying raw mats from other players and crafting them into useful , finished products to make money is actually possible with some kind of labor mechanic . 
  combine with durability decay for best results . 
  makes for a much more realistic mmo economy . 
  durability decay and just losing your shit when you die helps with this too . 
  i remember dying with a small cash stack in runescape and my three most valuable items i kept when i died were three coins . 
  now that is an item/money sink . 
  i really , really hated the idea of repairing barrows armour when i played . 
  the idea of getting this sweet , super powerful armour , which cost a lot of money at the time , and then having to * repair * it ? 
  seemed super unappealing to me . 
  but if it were present from the very lowest levels i 'm sure it would have seemed more normal and totally fine . 
  from a design perspective it 's solid , although it was again a gold sink rather than an item sink , as you paid money to repair rather than having the items destroyed . 
  i suppose which you use depends on whether item accumulation or money accumulation is a bigger problem in a game . 
   i do n't think there 's any way runescape would ever change drastically enough to fix their problem with oversupply and massive inflation . 
  it would have to be a completely different game . 
  yeah , definitely . 
  i think one of the reasons people do n't notice the oversupply of items as much is the inflation . 
  the only reason that they do n't have every single crafting output at its high alch price floor is inflation essentially , as i understand it . 
  and it would be a very different game . 
  but i think probably a better one . 
  the play-the-game-only-to-get-99s stuff is n't actually very good gameplay imo . 
  more like rsi , etc. 
   that 's just a misrepresentation of runescape 's economy . 
  no it is n't . 
   those ` materials ' are unrefined xp . 
  that 's my point , mate . 
  that 's the problem . 
   the end product is often useless, 
  that is indeed what i said , that is the problem i am talking about . 
   it 's the act of refining which is the value , not the end product . 
  again , just restating what i said . 
   it has a solid economy , you just do n't understand it, 
  it is * not * a solid economy . 
  crafting should be valuable in and of itself . 
  refined items should be more valuable than the raw materials in a healthy economy . 
  the product of crafting should not just be the xp .
