  except that there 's nothing particularly boring about him . 
  is he a regressive christian right economic-orthodox fool ? 
  yep . 
  but he 's no more boring than any other politician . 
  of course it should prevent him from playing football . 
  there 's nothing broken about the labour party at the present . 
  stop promogulating the nats ' narrative . 
   little is a union man . 
  he is a throwback to the old labour . 
  he 's a throwback to when labour was actually a ** labour ** party . 
   many people had to leave due to horrendous student debt with interest, 
  are you retarded ? 
  if you leave you have to pay interest . 
  if you do n't leave , you do n't have to pay interest . 
  second generation immigrants have not been here since the 1850s actually . 
  david seymour is not maori , even if he claims that he 's 1/128th maori or whatever . 
  you 're still confused . 
  then do n't use a new version of the language or library . 
  there are a lot of second generation immigrants with chinese accents , mate . 
  disliking that our culture , which is precious to us , is being replaced with another culture . . that 's not racist . 
  how is that racist ? 
  it 's about culture , not race , and it 's not even ` culturist ' or something . 
  having pride in ourselves and the way we do things and a desire to preserve that culture is not racism or bigotry . 
  the reality is that chinese culture is very much ` every man for himself ' and if you talk to any actual chinese people they will confirm that for you . 
  new zealand is turning into that , it 's more and more common . 
  you ca n't just ` create a shell company that does n't make a profit ' . 
  to do that you have to actually lose money somewhere down the line . 
  it is certainly possible to transfer profits overseas , but transfer pricing is something that we can very easily close the loophole on . 
  my suggestion is and has always been simple : instead of saying ` oh facebook ltd. in nz , you 're paying facebook ltd. in ireland , which has a 1.5 % tax rate , $ 100,000,000 ` fee ' which happens to be equal to your profits here which would be taxed at 20 % ? 
  okay that 's fine , you only have to pay 18.5 % on those profits then . ', 
  simple as that . 
  pay something to a company in a jurisdiction with a lower tax rate than new zealand ? 
  then yeah , you can offset that expense for the purpose of calculating profit . 
  that 's fine . 
  but only up to the difference in tax rates . 
  screw what ? 
  the replacement of our ( new zealand + maori ) culture with foreign cultures ? 
  i agree , it 's terrible . 
   i asked you how you feel about closing the entire teaching pool to do swimming lessons for groups . 
  eg disabled aqua aerobics , babies and parents , kids groups etc. 
  not lanes in the main pool . 
  the main pool is still open - teaching pools are a smaller pool in a multi-pool complex . 
  none of those things are discriminatory , so why would they be a problem ? 
   i did n't ask you about hypothetical asset sales , i specifically asked you how you feel about community groups being allowed to book exclusive use sessions in public halls and other public facilities . 
  some of these groups are based on ethnicity age or religion , and some on paid membership , business ownership etc. 
  eg scottish dancing , lions club , women in business etc. 
  hiring off public spaces is a form of selling off . 
  community groups that are nondiscriminatory are fine . 
  ` community groups ' that are discriminatory are not fine . 
  so-called community groups that are actually discriminatory cults ( like that awful destiny church , for example ) should both be stripped of any tax-free charitable status and not be allowed to engage in commerce with the government . 
  this is n't 1950s alabama . 
  we do n't define what someone 's ethnicity is based on some ludicrous blood quantum . 
  david seymour is a white new zealander . 
  he may , or may not , have some small amount of maori heritage . 
  that does n't make him maori any more than having a danish great-grandfather makes me danish . 
  i 'm a white new zealander . 
  a group that only disabled people can belong to exists for a genuine purpose . 
  the pool is n't closed purely for them because they ca n't bear to be seen by able-bodied people . 
  it 's offensive that they are stealing time i could go there and swim . 
   and a ` fee ' is not a ` profit ', 
  no , it 's an expense . 
  but the problem is , they transfer expenses to other jurisdictions with very low tax rates . 
  my opinion is that we should reduce how much tax they can offset with an expense by the difference between the tax rates . 
  for example :, 
  let 's say apple international ltd. is based in ireland , and apple nz ltd. is based in nz . 
  apple nz ltd. makes $ 10,000,000 in revenue in nz , and has expenses , through some accounting fuckwittery ( intellectual property fees , actual expenses , etc. 
  etc. ), 
  of exactly $ 10,000,000 that it pays to apple international ltd. 
  under the current system , they would have a profit of $ 10,000,000 - $ 10,000,000 = $ 0 , so they pay no tax . 
  essentially the way it works is that they pay 20 % of $ 10,000,000 and then get a tax refund of the same percentage of their expenses , so a net tax of $ 0 . 
  under a system i would propose , they would be taxed at 20 % of their revenue of $ 10,000,000 , but they would only get a tax refund on their expenses * at the rate of ireland * , as they 're paying that expense to a company in ireland . 
  so given ireland 's 1.5 % corporate tax rate , they pay 20 % of $ 10,000,000 in taxes and get a 1.5 % of $ 10,000,000 in tax refunds , a total of 18.5 % of $ 10,000,000 , i.e. 
  a total of $ 1.85 mil in nz taxes . 
  no , i 'm certainly not . 
  well it should be . 
  nobody ever tips anyone for anything . 
   is increasingly part of new zealand public speaking generally, 
  we 're a secular multicultural country , not a bicultural one . 
  it was / u/waxdec that was banned . 
  posted a picture of / u/donaldtrumpswaifu . 
  / u/waxdec posts on / r/runescape , what a faggot . 
  we should n't have monocultural crap like that in our ceremonies . 
  it 's exclusive towards anyone not maori ( e.g. 
  asians , whites ) . 
  i want to teach my kids to swim on tuesdays . 
  i live in mt. 
  it 's not a good time for me any other night . 
  it 's also segregation , which is inherently wrong . 
  it 's segregation . 
  segregation is illegal . 
  that 's all that matters . 
  of course any isp can offer it . 
  that 's not the point . 
  it 's people that want to compete with facebook or spotify or netflix that are concerned , not people that want to compete with telecom . 
  how would it be ? 
  you can just go to their profile and see multiple posts on / r/runescape . 
  the thread is n't about toxic masculinity , it 's about a sexist article that makes unfair generalisations about men . 
  big difference . 
  because the internet is infrastructure , important infrastructure , and it 's anti-competitive . 
  imagine how much better satellite tv would be if it were structured like this : sky provide the connection to the satellite , but not the content .
