  are they in awoiaf or something ? 
  no it is n't . 
  i absolutely do n't . 
  i really dislike getting these early chapters released . 
  it takes away from the amount of material we get in the book . 
   just so we 're straight here . 
  how do you define cherry picking . 
  you ignore all the evidence that goes against what you say , and treat anything that even suggests you might be right like it 's hard evidence . 
   but ... there totally is . 
  for all the reasons i mentioned above . 
  grrm gives characters deaths that fit their character arc . 
  lots of characters die halfway into their character arc . 
  that 's kind of the whole point of the series . 
  it 's one of the reasons that people like it . 
  characters do n't have magic plot armour . 
  plot armour is , of course , as we all know , the inability to have your character arc interrupted by dying . 
  characters do n't have a set character arc that starts in book one and trudges along until book seven at which point it all resolves nicely . 
   sansa 's arc has never been about magic or the white walkers , and there is really nothing foreshadowing that she would be killed by zombies . 
  hence why there are no popular or even unpopular theories about sansa being killed by zombies . 
  that 's because she 's a boring , annoying , easily manipulated and stupid character that nobody really cares about . 
  most people would rather root for littlefinger because he 's just so much more interesting than she is . 
  people think deeply about characters that find interesting , characters they care about . 
  people do n't think deeply about sansa or come up with tinfoil theories about sansa because sansa is n't yet involved in the things that drive almost all the tinfoil theories : magic , dragons , blood magic , etc. 
  nobody comes up with theories about any character being killed by wights anyway . 
   well , sure though i 'd argue that sansa is n't necesarily the most dvergent , just she diverges the earliest , but that 's a whole other argument . 
  even still , i think something like how a character dies is something that would be preserved . 
  i honestly do n't . 
  lsh is an incredibly important character in the books that is totally left out of the show . 
  the death of a dragon would also be much more relevant to the story and a bigger plot point that would be preserved , but everyone seems pretty sure what happened in the show wo n't happen in the books . 
  and i think she 's definitely the most divergent . 
  who compares ? 
   she 's at the vale as of her first twow chapter , you should probably know these things for sure if you 're gon na have this discussion . 
  there 's no need to be rude . 
  i have n't read the preview chapters , and wo n't . 
  and i was right anyway . 
   as for why she would n't die , like i said above , because it just does n't fit her character arc . 
  it did n't fit ned 's character arc to die . 
  but he did . 
  it fits his new character arc . 
  that 's the point . 
  characters do n't have set arcs where they have plot armour until they 're over . 
  their character arc is set by what happens to them . 
  sansa dying after going on a mission beyond the wall ? 
  that would be totally out of place , i agree . 
  sansa dying after the north is invaded ? 
  definitely not out of place . 
  anyone in the north is in danger of dying to wights . 
   because season 7 was starved for major deaths , because once season 8 starts jon will be in control of winterfell , and because her main antagonist is littlefinger , who is now dead . 
  i do n't agree with any of these . 
  season 7 had plenty of death and destruction . 
  having one major death every season would be formulaic . 
  jon will be in control of winterfell , but that does n't prevent it the north from being invaded . 
  littlefinger was never sansa 's biggest threat and has nothing to do with the wights you claim ca n't touch her through her magical plot armour . 
  again , you ca n't just turn it off or turn down the volume knob . 
  `` water is wet '' is usually used in a derogatory manner . 
   rogernomics, 
  something did need to be done . 
  did they do too much , too quickly ? 
  sure . 
  but it would have been even worse to do nothing or do too little too slowly . 
   gst, 
   foreshore and seabed, 
  this was unequivocally a good thing and i hope they pass this law again once they get back into government . 
  no it is n't . 
   and part of the reason it did n't effect nz as much was the actions of the government . 
  the entire reason it did n't affect nz as much was the action of michael cullen . 
  that 's an insanely tiny sample size though . 
  i seriously doubt that he went ` hmm i 'll make 1/3 of them have dead mothers ', 
  it 's a fantasy world . 
  we have n't * seen * a female author because we have n't seen more than maybe a dozen authors . 
  that does n't mean they do n't exist . 
  certain groups of people have cherry-picked all throughout history to find the very few examples of women authors and composers and present them often . 
  nobody has done that for game of thrones . 
  you sound like the kind of person that reads all through his works looking for things to get offended by . 
  it reduces what it effectively in the final book . 
  this book should have come out more than 3 fucking years ago and the lazy bastard is releasing other terrible dunk & egg crap instead . 
  because they are n't just part of a mindless horde . 
  we see them without their commanders frequently . 
  this is my first comment in this thread . 
  we see lannister soldiers in small independent groups in the storyline , all the time . 
  they act with their own agency . 
  the dothraki and the unsullied are the opposite . 
  / pol / is great, 
  no , we 've had a `` romance '' plot ( not sure you can be involved in a romance plot or sex scenes with no penis ) between their leader and missandei . 
  nobody had any doubt he was n't mindless . 
  it 's the rest of the mindless army that are mindless . 
  no , it is n't budget . 
  hbo wanted them to do 10 episodes , essentially wrote them a blank cheque , and they refused it . 
  no more cliffhangers . 
  he 's literally the least typical unsullied . 
  yes they did . 
  they offered to do 10 episodes at the same budget per episode . 
  yes !, 
  but they are n't . 
  you ca n't universally replace an expression with another term that evaluates to the same value because terms can have side-effects . 
  `` people do n't like sansa '' does n't mean that every single person hates her you idiot or even that the majority of people do n't like her . 
  it means that people do n't like her . 
  some people . 
  nothing that their opponents would n't have also done, 
  what the fuck are you talking about ?
