  it 's not aggressive at all . 
  i 'm not trolling you retard . 
  the deck that plays zero blue cards is going to play force of will ? 
  good luck with that . 
  at least this deck actually plays blue cards . 
  yes , you might play force of will in ad nauseam , but it 's pretty likely not to . 
  ad nauseam decks in legacy do n't , although they 're obviously very different . 
   best fow decks in modern would be, 
  there 's no such thing as a ` force of will deck ' . 
  um . . what are you talking about ? 
  wildstar has lots of pay to win items . 
  wow that 's pretty hilarious . 
   no , those items affects only pre-endgame progression that is very fast and easy anyway . 
  does n't matter . 
  they 're still pay to win . 
   the only a little p2w mechanic was added in primal matrix update recently ( essence bonus for signature users ) , but considering you can get signature for in-game gold too , that is not hard to farm at all , it does not matter much anyway . 
  `` you can get it anyway '' and `` it 's not very good '' are both not relevant . 
  pay to win is pay to win . 
  runescape has great quests but that does n't mean it has great lore . 
  lore is settings , worldbuilding , giant cataclysmic events , history , etc. 
  runescape 's best quests imo are not the ones dealing with all that stuff . 
  imo runescape 's quests are amazing , but its lore is pretty weak and generic . 
  the ` fifth age ' stuff is particularly bad . 
  unfortunately so does the rest of the genre . 
  i just want a completely and utterly generic game . 
  a game that feels like it could be set in greyhawk * or * forgotten realms and you would n't even be able to tell . 
   all three are based on old and well established franchises with deep lore, 
  he says , completely ignoring lotro . 
  lotro is based on a setting that does n't have random crap added to it every time someone wants to make a new elder scrolls game . 
  and the star wars lore is a complete mess , shitloads of levels of canon and all that crap , and then they completely decanonised all of it !, 
  personally i think that being based on an existing franchise should probably exclude most games , or at least the quality of the other material should n't be a factor . 
  how well they use that material to make their own story , setting , etc. 
  good is what should be measured . 
  that 's correct , yes . 
  thankfully definitions do n't change just because the genre is shit . 
  people would be very happy to pay $ 15/month for cs : go if they released content at a reasonable rate . 
   yes i honestly think lol would fade to irrelevance within 6 months if they slapped even a $ 9.95 / month fee on it . 
  call me crazy but its a hypothetical that cant be proven either way , i 'll admit that, 
  that 's just not true though . 
  dota 2 is objectively , statistically much better balanced than lol btw . 
  of course !, 
  that 's why dota does n't exist . 
  you 're totally right . 
  `` the mmo crowd '' are shit . 
  trying to appeal to them is stupid . 
  did wow just try to appeal to the eq crowd ? 
  no , it appealed to people that had never played an mmorpg before . 
  you do n't make a successful game by doing what other people have done and trying to get the same audience . 
  everyone that 's read anything about the psychology of mmos has read the same thing over and over and over again : people only really ever stick to their first mmorpg . 
  only peoples ' first mmorpg ever really captures them . 
  in 95 % of cases anyway . 
  you want to make a successful mmorpg ? 
  appeal to the people that have never played an mmorpg . 
  you want to make a successful * anything * ? 
  you need to attract the people that do n't * already * have lots of preconceived notions of how things should be done , that do n't * already * have a preferred service provider , that are n't holding everything up to an existing candle . 
  eq had a shitload of power creep . 
  casual players do n't need easy difficulty levels of existing content . 
  they can just do other content that is naturally easier . 
   what do you mean by ` planned obsolescence ' ? 
  because most mmoprgs do have an auction houses where players can sell unneeded gear ... thus it 's not obsolete , you simple grew out and can sell it as second-hand . 
  in most mmorpgs once you get items they 're permanently bound to your character and you ca n't sell the gear you get . 
  you can literally afk through lfr , yeah . 
  as a tank or healer , even . 
  diablo is an awful game and its gear system is basically the inspiration for wow 's current system . 
  that 's not shit design though . 
  it 's good design . 
  having to prepare differently for different content is good design . 
  that makes no sense though . 
  limited inventory space works really well with horizontal progression . 
  [ [ rite of flame ] ], 
  they are absolutely getting rid of blocks . 
  arguably they got rid of blocks when they moved to two-set ` blocks ' , as the small sets have related to the large sets in two-set blocks very differently from how they used to . 
  ` dusk to dawn ' and ` dawn to dusk ' are different names . 
  and nothing is outside the realm of possibilities . 
  it just is something they have a clear policy of avoiding . 
  because multiple levels of difficulty is lazy development . 
  i want new content , not just existing content with bigger health bars . 
   sometimes i can say to myself `` well yeah maybe i do n't see p2w where it is indeed '' but man , you 're definition is waaaaaaaay too wide . 
  it 's not ` my ' definition . 
  it 's * the * definition . 
  i do n't make it up . 
   you have p2w : where you pay to brutalize people/monsters in pvp or pve , and if you do n't use the cash shop you will never be that strong . 
  this is shit to me, 
  that 's egregiously bad pay to win . 
   you have pay to progress : where you can buy boost in cash shop to progress easier . 
  if you do n't pay it will take you 2x more time/farm to do it . 
  this is okayish because i do n't mind farming ... 
  that 's normal pay to win . 
   you have f2p : where everything you can buy is just cosmetic . 
  this is okay by me . 
  this is not remotely pay to win . 
   and if you consider subscription like rift , wildstar as pay to win , then wow is pay to win too . 
  but it 's not , it 's pay to play , not the same . 
  wow is pay to win . 
  you can buy gold and use that gold to buy best-in-slot items . 
  it 's quite objectively pay to win . 
   there is n't only black and white , you can see gray too , 
  pay to win is binary . 
  wow i 've never actually thought of that before . 
  examining items really is basically unique to runescape , at least amongst mmorpgs that i 've played .
