   you know what immigrants are ? 
  they 're children who can start work right away and who you do n't need to pay to educate . 
  and they are n't new zealanders . 
   it happens to be hugely irresponsible to have a policy of increasing births in the context of environmental collapse and extreme global inequality . 
  no it does n't . 
  global inequality and environmental collapse are n't hastened by more new zealanders . 
   but if you 're determined to ignore that , you can - immigrants are still a better deal than children in a purely nationalistic sense . 
  they might be better in the short term economically . 
  they are n't better in any other way - culturally , for example . 
  have you not read any of my other comments ? 
   they either take the kids away from parent a , or pay out the arse for child support and live without their kids . 
  the fact that you are paying to * not * have access to your kids comes back to bite us yet again . 
  perhaps you should pay for the right to deprive the other parent of seeing their kids instead ... 
   and we 're assuming that this is a trend that is going to continue for the next 10 years . 
  all it will take is the australian economy to get back on its feet again and start posting strong growth and all these immigration increases will disappear . 
  your argument makes no sense . 
  you can not argue that high immigration levels are okay because they might not be high in the long term . 
  all you 're saying then is `` well they 're not okay , but they might go away soon '' . 
  well i want them to go away sooner . 
   according to your `` expert '' opinion ? 
  you do n't have to be an `` expert '' to have a valid opinion . 
  rather than attacking my credentials , attack my argument . 
   by throwing money at them ? 
  i 've seen their policy . 
  and as someone who is young and neet , it wo n't do anything to alleviate my position or anyone else 's . 
  because there 's very little jobs and it would only perpetuate the competitiveness within the market for the existing jobs there . 
  no , not by throwing money at them . 
  by subsidising tradesmen to take them on as apprentices , by training them to do other jobs , by encouraging them to stay in school , etc. 
  the idea that there 's `` very little jobs '' and yet we apparently have `` skills shortages '' in trades does n't add up . 
   and you 've just demonstrated you know absolutely nothing about how this works . 
  how this works is very simple : an `` aging population '' is a very short-term problem due to the baby boom . 
  we had a population was `` getting younger '' and `` getting middle aged '' and is not `` getting elderly '' . 
  but that 's horseshit . 
  what we have is a bump at a particular age range . 
  it will pass . 
   so you want your kids being as ignorant , insular and racist as you are . 
  having a culture and being proud of it is `` racist insular and ignorant '' only if you 're white , i see . 
  i 've seen many adults argue . 
  they were all software engineers , and they argue like children . 
  i 've never seen two people argue that were n't married and were n't software engineers . 
   we 'll never convince each other . 
  there is clearly a shortage if there are n't enough people being trained or available for the positions , over time as that increases it becomes a long term shortage . 
  the idea that new zealanders are suddenly going to fill any position we ever need within any reasonable time frame is unrealistic . 
  i said * in the long term * . 
  so no , not unrealistic . 
  trades training does n't take that long . 
  certainly if we 'd put in training effort after the earthquakes we 'd have had fully trained tradesmen for several years now , given that it 's been more than 6 years since the earthquakes . 
   there is a need for migrants for a whole lot of reasons, 
  i do n't really agree . 
   from innovation, 
  new zealanders have a well-earned reputation for being innovative . 
  we do n't need outsiders to be innovative , we have plenty of innovation and innovative people in nz . 
   to entrepreneurship, 
  see above . 
  new zealand makes it very easy to start a business , to hire people , to pay taxes , to run businesses , etc. 
  it 's cheap , it 's easy . 
  we have plenty of entrepreneurs in nz . 
   to labour shortages, 
  which we do n't have . 
  we have an oversupply of labour . 
  we long as we are above 0 % unemployment we have an oversupply of labour . 
  that 's ** basic ** economics . 
  that 's economics 101 . 
  that 's an excellent point . 
  i 'm surprised i 've never seen that pointed out in this context before . 
   it is a well educated country , but is it well educated in the areas it actually needs ? 
  certainly not . 
  this is where skilled immigration comes in to fill the gaps . 
  no , it 's where training the right people in the right areas comes in . 
  i know that you say that in the next paragraph , but we 've never had such pressing short-term skills shortages that we 've needed skilled immigration , at least in the last decade or two . 
  even the christchurch earthquakes are a great example of failure on this level . 
  some short-term , two-year work visas ? 
  absolutely , but that is n't immigration . 
  instead we got long-term work visas and new permanent residents in areas that demand will go down in , in a few years , at least if we keep the nat government that does n't want to build houses . 
  if we get a labour government that wants to build houses , they will be useful . 
  but we get these immigrants , and we are n't training !, 
  we are n't training enough builders . 
  so six years later , we 're still reliant on immigrants to rebuild christchurch , despite that being enough time that we should have people that started training after those earthquakes in enough quantity that we would be going much faster . 
   you are right though that long term skills shortages should n't be solved by immigration , which is why the solution is to upskill the country in the areas it needs . 
  unfortunately , this takes time , and the country may invest in skills that we end up not needing , so it 's a bit of a fine balancing act . 
  it does n't take that much bloody time . 
  it 's been six years since the earthquake , yet most of the builders doing the work ( and sparkies , drainlayers , etc. ), 
  are brits and filipinos . 
   surely you realize that it 's not just impractical ( basically most of your functions will have this parameter ) but pure ( no pun intended ) madness . 
  well most functions need some sort of context about their overall operation in order to operate . 
  for example , in an http server you generally need some sort of ` request context ' , in more stateful servers you might have a ` connection context ' , etc. 
  generally , i have a logger on that context , and that logger forwards to the global logger with an added request id , which is a randomly generated 128-bit number . 
  that way i can easily filter log messages to a single request to debug prod errors . 
  now in an ideal world you would do this with dynamically scoped variables , but i 'm not sure that works very well with languages that use async callbacks , as your dynamic scope is unwound and rewound every time you call an asynchronous function ( frequently ) and you have to have some solution to that . 
  plus most languages do n't have dynamic scoping !, 
  but if you did have dynamic scoping , that 'd be a good use for it . 
  if you use a threaded server you can use ` thread_local ` variables , but only if you have strict one-thread-per-request . 
  but in something like node.js ? 
  sorry , you 've got to pass them directly . 
   not only does this completely destroy encapsulation ( i 'm calling a function to get a result , the fact that it 's logging something should be an implementation detail that does n't impact me ) but now i also need to find a way to get an instance of this logger . 
  i think arguments like `` this completely destroys encapsulation '' are pointless . 
  encapsulation is a nice idea , but i do n't see this as having anything to do with it . 
  every operation occurs in some context . 
  whether that means having a global logger and passing a request id into every function , or passing a logger into every function , is irrelevant . 
  getting an instance of this logger is done once : when you create a context .
