   moba 's really shine in that respect that even super lowbies can follow what 's going on . 
  eh , not really . 
   more immersive, 
  i find instanced dungeons less immersive , because instead of dungeons just being another place in the world , they have their own special set of rules that go against how the rules work in the rest of the world totally and in the lore . 
  i 've never played a game where instances are explained in the game 's lore in any way . 
   more convenient, 
  i personally do n't think that this is a compelling reason why they are good . 
  it 's totally neutral to me . 
  i do n't see convenience as good or bad . 
   far easier to tailor difficulty to a set group size ... 
  there 's no reason why you ca n't do this for non-instanced content . 
  being non-instanced does n't mean that everyone in the world can attack something . 
  most monsters in runescape can only be attacked by a single player at once , for example . 
  there 's no reason why a monster designed for a specific number of people ca n't be only in combat with that number of people at most . 
  tailoring difficulty does n't really ever work anyway . 
  if it did , wow would n't need several levels of dungeon and raid difficulty . 
  no matter where you tune content , some people will find it too difficult or some people will find it too easy , usually both . 
  any particular level of difficulty is only the right level of difficulty for a small group of players . 
  in a game that is n't all about rushing to the level cap , content does n't really ever need to be tailored for a particular difficulty level anyway . 
  content exists , and whether you attempt it at level x or level y is totally up to you . 
  depending on your build , your resources , your time , and whether you find a single kill before you have to bank acceptable or whether you want to get many kills in before you have to bank determines whether content is at an appropriate difficulty . 
  if something is too hard , then go and do something easier to get more experience and gear and level up . 
  if something is easy , then farm it : being able to complete it more quickly means you 'll be much more efficient at farming it than a lower levelled player . 
  * pedantic * means ` excessively concerned with minor details or rules ' . 
  i do n't think that that makes any sense in this context at all , and i genuinely have no idea what you meant by it . 
  * reductive * might be more appropriate , but i would n't describe what i did as ` present [ ing ] a subject or problem in a simplified form , especially one viewed as crude ' , but at least there the criticism makes some level of sense . 
  so , why would you want an instanced dungeon ? 
  i do n't see how you can twist this into serving your narrative , and i simply do n't believe you when you say `` i 'm not a fan of labour or national '' . 
  well , maybe the former . 
  you have n't even explained how or why this is supposedly inaccurate . 
  maybe you should change the post to `` hi i 'm a national party supporter and this is a labour party post on facebook . 
  i think it 's shit but have no evidence to support this '', 
  it 's not about difficulty , it 's about immersion . 
  there 's nothing immersive about wow these days . 
  it 's all rigid , well-specified , well-known content . 
  everything that 's ever released has every stat and every spell and every value publicly available from the public test realms . 
  every dungeon is 3-4 bosses in a linear path . 
  every expansion is the same thing : 5 or 10 levels of mindless questing . 
  do n't get me wrong , the story is still pretty neat , but the actual content is mindless , you are n't tasked with finding anything or solving anything , everything is marked on your minimap . 
  then you hit the new maximum level . 
  there 's some completely trivial legendary ( now artifact ) items that anyone can get by just grinding a few quests . 
  there are three raids in the first tier of raiding , then after a few months there 's a second tier of raiding with a giant raid instance with 10 + bosses , then the same thing several months later in the third tier . 
  at some point in the expansion they release more catch-up mechanics that make earlier tiers of raids basically obsolete . 
  despite how static the gameplay is , they still have n't managed to balance the game . 
  people talk about vanilla being unbalanced , and it is , but today they 're incapable of actually balancing anything . 
  when they buff and nerf things they do it with an incredibly heavy hand . 
  things like this : buffing every warlock spell , essentially , by 12 % . 
  not buffing one thing and changing a mechanic and this and that and this and that . 
  no , just buffing every spell by 12 % . 
  i mean jesus christ , they 're a multibillion dollar company and the best they can come up with for a game with millions and millions of subscribers for a major balance issue is just buffing every fucking spell by 12 % . 
  wizards of the coast manages to balance mtg better than blizzard balances wow , and mtg cards are completely unchangeable once they 're made . 
  i mean jesus christ . 
  in vanilla , dungeons were long because some of them were ` real ' places from existing warcraft lore . 
  they were zones , they were intended to be immersive * dungeons * . 
  not a linear path through a couple of bosses . 
  they were n't the systematised `` content '' they are today . 
   now all mmos want to streamline content for people that only have 30-60 minutes a day to play . 
  which is fair , but i miss the difficulty . 
  i do n't see how it 's fair at all . 
  wow has always had plenty of content for people that only have 30-60 minutes a day to play . 
  think of it this way : given that it takes at least 10 days of play time to get to 60 , especially if you are n't doing dungeons and are exploring and enjoying the world as you play instead of powerlevelling , that 's 240 hours of playtime . 
  240 hours of playtime at an hour a day is 240 days . 
  but realistically people do n't play an hour a day . 
  they play an hour on the days they have time to play . 
  so realistically , we 're talking about likely more than a year to get to level 60 in vanilla . 
  why do games need to have ` accessible ' max level content for people that play 10 days playtime over a year ? 
  there are plenty of high quality posts here . 
  for example , discussions about mmo mechanics are relatively popular , but are never up for more than a couple of days , because they get sidelined by things that are for all intents and purposes advertisements . 
  did you ever play vanilla ? 
  i do n't remember whether any games did this before wow , but at least if you take only wow and the games released after it , vanilla wow is the only mmorpg that has n't basically done this with subscriber numbers :, 
  disagreeing with you is n't trolling . 
  wotlk raiding was very easy . 
   someone did n't play eq !, 
  right , i did n't play everquest . 
  everquest does n't define mmorpgs . 
  it does n't define how games with non-instanced dungeons work . 
   this has no relation to instanced vs non-instanced dungeons . 
  the majority of the time in eq dungeons were always the same experience , unless you count the occasional `` lolol train to zone ! '', 
  as exciting variation . 
  you 're totally wrong here , sorry . 
  eq dungeons are completely irrelevant . 
  as far as i know , eq did n't allow you to fight other players in the open world . 
  of course open dungeons in a proper game ( i.e. 
  with open world pvp ) will be different every time . 
  well vanilla wow is the only mmo in history to grow after launch instead of starting with lots of players and instantly falling , so if any mmorpg had a chance of still having big queues in six months it would be this one . 
  are you blind ? 
   if the monster in an open dungeon has a restriction on how many people can attack it then you might as well instance . 
  that 's nonsensical rubbish . 
   i 'm not going to go to an open dungeon to stand there are wait for the population to drop . 
  do n't do that , then ... 
  if i had an answer , i would n't have asked it . 
  i guarantee i have more software development experience than you , and certainly than 99 % of this subreddit . 
  absolutely . 
  the `` find random people to play with '' is awful because it destroys all hopes of the content being challenging , but the teleporting is even worse . 
  `` these games '' ? 
  everquest ? 
  eq has n't been relevant for a decade . 
   only if you value competition in the open world . 
  which i do . 
   many player do n't .
