  rates ? 
  why do n't you spend some of that salary you earn ? 
  the first rule of user interface design is that if the users do n't get it , it 's your fault and not theirs . 
  if the motorists do n't get it , it 's because it 's a bloody dumb motorway that has badly designed user experience , not because they 're stupid . 
  if they have no idea why they would follow the silly constantly changing speed limits , why would they ? 
  people constantly whine on here about how bad christchurch drivers are , but at least we do n't need to be told to ` merge like a zip ' . 
  everyone in christchurch knows how to merge , always have done too . 
  i 've never seen anyone not merge like a zip . 
  inb4 ` not a good enough reason to deport . 
  if the person commits a serious violent crime within the next 30 days they will be given a warning , and another serious violent crime within the 30 days after that they might be deported if they 're unlucky ' . 
  i think we should revoke citizenship from people that have naturalised , if they 've had it for less than 15 years , if they commit a serious crime . 
  this is n't a serious crime though . 
  because ` culturally arranged marriages ' has the word ` culture ' in it , and not supporting that would be racist and xenophobic and evul . 
  because it 's their street . 
  we 're not talking about major thoroughfares , but about residential streets . 
  for god 's sake , some of the streets in this picture have fucking speed bumps on them , explicitly to stop people from using them as a thoroughfare . 
  do n't be inane . 
  the obvious context for this is ` and raise the other rates to compensate ' . 
   people i have meet from denmark , particularly those who are in their early 20s are worried that people seem to think that because everything can have provided for them , many people will not seek to improve themselves financially . 
  coming from a country which is taxed highly . 
  that 's a good thing . 
  people should n't be forced into demeaning , poorly paid work in order to live . 
  the basics - food , shelter , water , warmth - are human rights . 
   taxing the `` rich '' more does n't solve economic or financial problems . 
  yes it absolutely does . 
  it objectively , really , totally and completely does solve ` financial problems ' , namely the problem of financing government expenditure . 
  it really does solve that problem . 
   it sounds good , it sounds like it makes things fair , but it is n't . 
  well it is fair , and it does make things fair . 
   everyone ( imo ) has the right to work and do the best that they can in order to live the best possible life they see fit . 
  what does that have to do with tax ? 
   there should not be any form of punishment because others have a crab in the bucket mentality . 
  tax is n't punishment . 
   from birth , no one has any social obligation to make your life easier . 
  incorrect . 
  everyone , collectively , has an obligation to protect the human rights of everyone , collectively . 
   the smallest minority on earth is the individual . 
  those who deny individual rights can not claim to be defenders of minorities . 
  that 's just silly ideology . 
   tax brackets need to be cut for the lower , middle and upper class , not by a percentage or two , but significantly . 
  no , they do n't . 
   businesses should just have a flat even tax rate across the board , it does n't matter if you are a multi billion dollar corporation or a ma and pa business that has been running for 25 years . 
  they already do . 
  unfortunately , that 's incredibly unfair on small businesses , because small businesses actually pay their taxes and multi-billion dollar multinational corporations ` buy services ' from their branches in tax havens , so they make no profit in nz , and make all their profit in ireland where they pay 3 % corporate tax . 
  ultimately the problem with your attitude is that it 's :, 
  economically stupid, 
  it 's inhumane because people have the fundamental human right to live healthily , safely , with sufficient nutrition and shelter and education . 
  those are human rights . 
  you have a human right to secondary-school-level education , to safety from physical and emotional harm , to water , to food , to shelter , and to good healthcare . 
  even if you 're okay with depriving people of their rights ( or you do n't consider those to be rights , for some odd reason ) , then the following point should convince you :, 
  it makes good economic sense to redistribute income . 
  why ? 
  because the poor spend all their income . 
  when the poor have more income , they spend more . 
  the spend basically everything they get , because they need to . 
  and when they spend what they get , they drive the economy . 
  the rich would be better off if more of their money were redirected to the poor . 
  when the financial crisis happened , the problem was n't that the rich did n't have enough money to spend on things . 
  the problem was the poor had not enough money to spend on things . 
  that caused problems for businesses , as they lost customers and sales . 
  they had to liquidate stock , they had to buy less stock , that affected their suppliers , etc. 
  this all affected banks , it affected business owners , it affected landlords . 
  when the poorer areas of society have more income , everyone is better off . 
  much better off . 
  that 's a pipe dream . 
  the number one thing we need is more spending . 
  health has been on a massive spending freeze for years in nz and it 's absolutely at a breaking point . 
  i agree we need more * wealth * taxes and fewer * income * taxes . 
  it 's not really fair that someone with $ 100,000 of equity in their highly mortgaged house and $ 50,000 in their kiwisaver that makes $ 100,000 / yr gets taxed much more than someone with millions of dollars in investment houses that earns $ 19,000 / yr superannuation . 
  it makes no sense to do this . 
  everyone should contribute towards society . 
  the reason we have surpluses is that our government services are underfunded to a breaking point , bro . 
  why would we do that , when we can say the word ` surplus ' instead ? 
  i do n't really think that people should be * forced * to do same-sex marriage ceremonies , because it just makes no sense . 
  they should never be forced to do any marriage ceremonies for anyone , for any reason . 
  it 's a church . 
  churches that accept gays are hypocrites , they teach from a book that literally says they should kill gay people . 
  and you do n't need to anyway , because they will do them without being forced , for the money ( as said above , they 're hypocrites that only care about money ) . 
  says the guy that has n't seen a 4k tv . 
  this is a common myth . 
   i 'm surprised you were so fast to just throw the deck down , as a ddft player you love a challenge and you should view the loss of top as another hurdle to get over, 
  god i love doomsday players . 
  i lurk on the storm boards so i can read comments like these . 
  i love it when people read my cards . 
  even more so when they 're in italian ( it karakas , sylvan library and tabernacolo are funny ) . 
   but the card gaddock teeg itself is not seeing play because , well , miracles is `` dead '' so people do n't play those cards anymore . 
  it 's the best card against storm in gwx though . . 
  people did n't play teeg outside ( non-blue ) gwx . 
  though saying that , bant played teeg ( and still does ) despite playing gsz and jace . 
  yeah i think the broken thing about miracles ( ignoring the tournament reasons for sdt ban which were * bullshit * ) is that it was a deck full of amazing good-stuff cards , resilient to wasteland , that got to play brainstorm , ponder , sword to plowshares , countertop , etc. 
  which are all amazing good-stuff cards . 
  and then on top of that ( mind the pun ) , it had this amazing synergistic gameplan with entreat/top/brainstorm , terminus/top/brainstorm , mentor/top , etc. 
  it was * bananas * . 
  because plenty of muslim people are n't sexists ... 
  i swear the ridiculously complicated new road layouts in the rebuilt parts of christchurch are just road designers trying to justify their salaries and implementing whatever was thought up in some new academic paper every other day . 
  the length of a tournament has no relation to your consistency . 
  ` good in small tournaments but not in big tournaments ' makes no sense except for decks that are tiring to play . 
  i think that ur delver is astonishing because it 's the first time i can remember in a long , long time that people have actually been saying things like ` resilient to wasteland ' as a good reason for playing a blue deck . 
  for so long it does n't seem to matter how many wastelands have been in a metagame , you can just play as many colours as you like anyway , because #deathriteshaman . 
  i personally think that religious schools should all be required to teach the national curriculum with no additional religious content .
