  do n't force your ideology on them then . 
   when they get older they can choose fitting clothes and short skirts or jeans and flip flops why should children be forced into certain clothes ? 
  are you worried people will mistake you for a girl if they wear pants as well ? 
  that 's unnecessarily hostile . 
  it 's much worse since drs though . 
  it used to be possible to play wasteland/stifle or wasteland/sinkhole ( or all three , which was my preference :d ) to handle the bullshit 3c/4c manabases , and you would reliably beat those decks . 
  but with drs , the best mana denial deck in the format , lands , is n't even that good at the moment , despite the formats ' mana bases being ridiculously greedy * and having pfire * . 
   `` do n't force your ideology on them '' `` girls must wear skirts and boys must wear shorts '' ???? 
  did n't ever say the latter . 
   what i 'm saying is let them choose , why not ? 
  what harm does it cause ? 
  the harm is that the * reason * people want to let kids choose is that they want to brainwash them into believing that ` gender is a social construct ' and other such rubbish . 
   and it matters to me because i 'm a girl and i fucking hate skirts and detested wearing them at school . 
  i said five times i have no problem with making alternative clothing part of uniforms for girls . 
  there is no ` legacy metagame ' . 
  there are a hundred different legacy metagames in every country . 
  what 's your local metagame ? 
   aka dnt becoming mardu taxes, 
  d&t is still firmly mono-white imo . 
  `` the four outcomes i listed are equiprobable . '', 
  and yet they are the same thing !, 
   alright then , why does the idea of gender being a construct bother you then ? 
  because it 's not true . 
   you still possess a penis or a vagina . 
  it just means if men want to work in childcare and wear a dress and women want to join the army it 's fine because your not artificially restricted . 
  none of that has anything to do with gender or sex . 
  yes men can wear dresses , yes women can join the army . 
  nothing to do with sex , nothing to do with gender . 
  i have no problem with that . 
  well there 's no real evidence that marijuana has positive medical benefits , as far as i have ever seen . 
  but no real evidence it 's harmful either ... 
   motherfucker still does n't even think ` hmm maybe my personal views should n't determine laws . ', 
  they absolutely fucking should . 
  that 's why he 's an electorate mp . 
  that 's why conscience votes exist . 
  they definitely should determine laws , that 's how conscience votes work . 
   nothing was learned apart from his church 's claim that it 'd destroy marriage might have been off a little . 
  did they ever actually say that ? 
  are you denying that you said that , or are you denying that `` the four outcomes i listed are equiprobable '' means that you think that the four outcomes you listed were equally probable ? 
  you have n't explained it to me though , and i 'd really like to know . 
   i meant that the first two were equiprobable to the second two . 
  no you did n't , or you would have said ` the two outcomes are equiprobable ' . 
  but you did n't . 
  you said that the four outcomes were equiprobable , which means they each have the same probability . 
  you know , for a fact , that you said that . 
  no that does n't work . 
  but -1 + 0 + 1 + 2 + 3 + 4 + ... is totally bounded . 
   i told him that they contained equations that were only manipulated using algebra that an 8th - grader could understand , and then i asked him to stop contacting me, 
  add to / u/godelsvortex plz, 
   no they should n't . 
  yeah they should , that 's why conscience votes exist . 
   why does separation of church and state exist ? 
  it does n't , we live in new zealand . 
  stop uncritically consuming american media . 
   and conscience votes are on behalf on your voters , not on behalf of yourself . 
  we live in a representative democracy . 
  they elected bill english because they support his personal views . 
  they 're not exactly a secret . 
   the church has been saying it for decades . 
  there are dozens of christian churches and many of them support gay marriage ... 
   check the dictionary . 
  gender is a term used to describe the social aspects of sex ( aka penises and vaginas ) . 
  dictionaries do n't decide what words mean . 
  they describe how they are used . 
  dictionaries are quite pc these days anyway . 
   it is therefore fluid i.e able to change, 
  no it is n't . 
  gender and sex are synonyms . 
   it makes people feel better . 
  good reason not to do so imo . 
  mtggoldfish is a relatively poor source of information on legacy because decks can be fantastic and not played much on mtgo , and so they just wo n't show up . 
  a bit like when maverick was amazing in europe in 2011 but nobody in the us played it for over a year because `` it does n't do anything '' . 
  or when they banned seething storm in modern because ur storm was was a cheap deck for mtgo and so was way more popular online than in paper . 
  personally i suspect standstill is better than chalice at the moment . 
  you look pretty silly playing drs when your opponent slams a standstill on turn 2 on the play . 
  quite different from when the most feared 1-drop in legacy was goblin lackey or nimble mongoose or delver of secrets . 
   x and y chromosomes do not decide if i want a vagina or not . 
  what you want does n't decide your gender/sex . 
   they decide if i have one or not . 
  again , sex and gender are exactly and precisely the same thing . 
  a male-to-female transgendered person is also a male-to-female transsexual person . 
  they 've changed their gender ( which is identical to their sex ) . 
  if a form asks for gender or sex they 're going to answer ` female ' . 
  i 'm not saying they represent it as anything else , but people interpret it as something else . 
  i have a degree in logic . 
  i know what ` proved ' means formally . 
  thankfully we 're not in a formal logic setting . 
  `` men being taught to be staunch and manly '' as if that 's bad . 
   why are gender norms important to you ? 
  because they exist , unlike what some feminists think . 
  they literally all wore completely in-gender clothes . 
  they were just tacky , ripped jeans , awful black t-shirts , dyed green hair , piercings , they all smoked drugs , etc. 
   for someone who had to defend their use of a funny acronym, 
   want was a term that was lacking . 
  when you feel you are something different , it 's not always some snowflake wanting special attention . 
  some people actually feel like they are wrong inside . 
  ok sure usually that is hormones , but either way it does n't make sex and gender the same thing any more . 
  i have no problem with letting trans people pretend to be the gender they think they are . 
  yeah . 
  i think in maverick you 'd rather gsz into a guaranteed knight of the reliquary than coco into two random creatures .
