  you print mana leak and back to nature and smelt and these sorts of basic standard core utility cards . 
  they 're not particularly interesting , they are n't great reprints , but they are the sorts of cards that should always be in standard . 
  you have it the wrong way around . 
  sets are n't actually more degenerate than they were . 
  they are n't poorly developed or overpowered . 
  the problem is that control cards and answer cards in standard should * already be there * . 
  they should n't be printed afterwards ` oh my god vehicles are way better than we thought ' . 
  they should already be there . 
  do you think vehicles would be this much of a problem if tenth edition were in standard ? 
  of course not , tenth edition had shatterstorm and veridian shaman and root maze and naturalize and hurkyl 's recall and aura of silence . 
  there were plenty of ways to deal with artifacts . 
  um , it worked really well actually . 
  core sets should n't have new cards . 
  core sets should only have reprints , imo . 
  way too much work . 
  core sets should be simple : a collection of reprints . 
  the reason i doubt this is that it would be weird financially for hasbro . 
  wotc 's balance sheet already confuses investors when they go a quarter with a different number of releases . 
  doing an unsellable core set at an odd time every year would be very strange for them . 
  yes , it was . 
  they 've reduced set size before when players have complained about too many releases . 
  actually . . that 's really good . 
  deck builders kit . 
  that 's . . yeah . 
  wow . 
  i really like this because it lets them do several things . 
  one , they can add cards to standard without adding them to limited ( e.g. 
  bolt might be too strong for limited , but fine in the right standard environment ) . 
  two , they can add cards to standard without adding them to modern ( e.g. 
  counterspell or something , though personally i think it would be fine in modern and not fine in standard . . maybe a bad example ) . 
  three , they can allow players to get a small set of staple cards for standard without going through the rigmarole of trading or buying cards online . 
  you can get a small set of basic stuff : doom blade , incinerate , elvish mystic , etc. 
  and not have to open packs and trade away cool cards to get the ` boring ' cards . 
  this is something i have seen many new players repelled from magic by . 
   with that established , what they will be announcing next week was derived around the time that oath of the gatewatch came out . 
  that 's not true at all . 
  they do n't announce things 18 months after they decide on them . 
  they release new sets 18 months after they * start design on them * . 
  this idea that wotc works 2 years ahead on everything is a bit of a myth . 
  they finish design and development about a year before things are released , as i understand it , not 2 years . 
  and that only applies to sets . 
  it does n't apply at all to things like this . 
   a fixed core set is probably never happening . 
  wizards does n't like being bound to something like that . 
  no , not fixed as in ` never changing ' . 
  fixed as in ` not randomised boosters ' . 
  that 's fine . 
  standard was never about blockmechanic1.dek vs. blockmechanic2.dek . 
  that 's not the point of standard . 
  that 's why we had block constructed , which was unpopular precisely because it ended up just being block mechanic vs. block mechanic . 
  there 's also limited for that sort of gameplay , but in a different form of course . 
  standard is meant to have a consistent core set of cards . 
  well not 150 different cards . 
  probably a lot of the same cards . 
  but yeah . 
   my impression is that many still dislike the idea of a standalone set because it reminds them of the simplistic and flavor-light core sets of the past, 
  those were better for standard , though . 
  as long as they are n't expected to be drafted , i think they would be fine . 
  sure , as long as they are n't drafted . 
  but if they are n't drafted , they wo n't be opened , realistically , so they need to be deck builder 's toolkits . 
  not if it 's called frontier . 
   they 'll come out with a format like modern that starts later eventually ,, 
  there 's not really any reason why they would . . modern was created to replace extended . 
  there 's no format for frontier to replace . 
  agree except that coco was not designed to be bulk crap , and was never actually problematic . 
  it was no worse than faeries or delver or jund or any other popular-but-not-banworthy standard deck of times past . 
  sets are n't opened because they 're powerful . 
  the reason origins was n't opened as much was pretty simple : it was only drafted on its own . 
  you understand that wotc prints in bulk , right ? 
  bulk printing is much , much cheaper . 
  that 's irrelevant . 
  the model is n't owned by them , they just trademarked a word for it . 
   commander, 
  is a supported format by wotc online and offline . 
  is a support format by wotc online . 
  they 're both non-rotating , they 're both supported , they 're both formats . 
  the more competitive players , maybe . 
  it is n't a hobby because none of those things have anything to do with hobbies ... 
  hobbies are n't defined by expense , or making friends , or travelling . 
  y' know , uo would be amazing if it were released * today * . 
  runescape of course . 
  what a game ... 
  there 's a thread for this . 
   we joke about golden ' !, 
  's everywhere telling us what to do but back then you had to go to an external website to figure out where the npc to start a specific quest chain was located . 
  and you should still do . . 
  and the problem was , it was n't hard in a fun way for most people . 
  it was hard like a platformer in the dungeons and just easy in every possible way during levelling . 
  the pve content was good if you like that sort of thing , but it was too platformer-y for me . 
  i do n't consider jumping around and dodging things fun in an rpg . 
  i want to be thinking , strategising , using tactics , using abilities together in novel ways , etc. 
   i 'd improve the minimap so it actually shows you were objectives are , and not some vague approximation of where they could possibly be . 
  yeah imagine if you could just be told what to do instead of having fun actually working it out yourself . 
  look at the actual rendered game world to find things ? 
  fuck that , i 'll follow map dots , that 's way more engaging . 
   i 'd rework the ui so i 'm not limited to like four or five of my skills , literally no point in giving me a bitch load of skills if i ca n't use more then a fraction of them . 
  yeah , rather than requiring players to come up with a selection of skills that work well together , requiring them to make tradeoffs , just let people use any skill at any time . 
  and who cares if they block out the whole world with action bars , the world looks like ass anyway . 
   completely rework the beginning of the game and flagellate the fucking morons that made it the first time . 
  like seriously , holy fuck , you 're suppose to put the boring shit in the mid to late game and put the interesting shit at the beginning to hook the players .
