  it 's a measure of how much his instinct is to not reprint it . 
  thankfully there are a lot more people in magic r&d than mark rosewater . 
  you 're just objectively wrong . 
  good job . 
  `` less consistent than brainstorm '' is about as meaningful as `` less backbreaking than hymn '' or `` less efficient than swords to plowshares '' . 
  there 's a reason people say ` eotfofyl ' . 
   i think a `` busted '' sweeper is necessary for a control deck to be able to keep up with that . 
  so #freebalance then ? 
  i think predict miracles is widely considered tier 1 now . 
   you 're right that thraben inspector is n't better than counterspell or swords to plowshares , but it is a very good card for standard , which is what fnm promos cater to . 
  it 's good relative to the total dreck that is in standard , yes . 
  that does n't mean it 's good on any objective level . 
   you are right that 2012 had some great cards . 
  i did n't say that 2017 is the best year ever though , i said that there are n't many years better . 
  2012 also had a card printed that was n't in standard ( gitaxian probe ) , which is a rare exception to the rule . 
  um , what are you talking about ? 
  [ [ gitaxian probe ] ] was printed in new phyrexia . 
  of course it was in standard . 
  that was n't really my point . 
  my point was that saying that the deck is less consistent than brainstorm decks is just saying that it is n't a brainstorm deck . 
  no deck in any format of magic , ever , has been as consistent as the brainstorm decks we see today , some of which have as many as 16 cantrips . 
  so what , a couple of months later ? 
  hardly a big gap . 
  my point is * no shit * . 
  of course it 's less consistent than literally the most consistent shell in any format . 
  no , it is n't difficult . 
  it really is n't difficult . 
  wotc is terrible at evaluating which cards are good . 
  look at the awful ffl decks they make . 
  you can counter either trigger . 
   make sure i 'm not actually austistic, 
  i do n't need to be a doctor to diagonalise you , kid . 
  noose constrictor does n't * do * anything . 
  it 's the sort of card that would be nuts 15 years ago but is garbage now . 
  lsv and reid duke clearly are stuck in that mindset . 
  they see it as good because they associate those sorts of effects with power , but these days they 're shit . 
  reverse engineer is a bit harder because it 's a cost reduction mechanic from artifacts , which just have a lot of potential . 
  anyway , the issue is n't the couple of misses , the issue is that they do n't even try to print the sorts of cards that make great obvious fnm promos : lightning strike , incinerate , doom blade , etc. 
  abrade better be one , given that it 's so obviously excellent from the start . 
  vintage-playable . 
  there will always be some removal spell that is the ` best removal spell in standard ' . 
  fatal push is excellent . 
  unlicensed disintegration is rubbish . 
  it 's good only because the rest of the meta is such low power rubbish . 
   yeah , you 're better at card evaluation than all of the best players in the world . 
  ca n't see how i did n't understand that . 
  i 'm sure that you knew exactly what the meta would look like as soon as emn was spoiled . 
  being able to recognise why someone 's experience can hinder their evaluation of a particular card does n't mean i think i 'm better at card evaluation in general than lsv . 
  jesus dude . 
   and abrade is n't getting an fnm promo , because fnm promos are ending before we get promos from hou . 
  more 's the pity . 
  if someone is playing seriously , what 's wrong with that ? 
  i play casually at fnms , but if someone wants to play the game seriously , i have no problems with that . 
  there 's a difference between someone playing seriously ( not chatting , concentrating , calculating lines of play , etc. ), 
  and someone being obnoxious . 
  if `` the epitome of magic player stereotypes '' means `` generally quiet , wants to concentrate on the game '' then i do n't really know why you 're complaining . 
  but to me , the epitome of magic player stereotypes are fat smelly nolifers that angle shoot constantly and are flippant and rude . 
  and you * can * call a judge on * them * . 
  why is the red symbol not red ? 
  white symbol is white , blue is blue , green in green , black is black . . 
   storm is broken, 
  the only mechanics that can possibly be described as ` broken ' are mechanics that are inherently unbalanceable . 
  storm is just not broken . 
  it might be ` hard to balance ' ( i do n't think that is true , though ) . 
  it might be easy to design overpowered storm cards . 
  it might be hard to design interesting , playable but not broken storm cards . 
  but it 's not broken . 
  dredge is arguably broken : it does n't matter what else the card says , what type it is , what colours , what conditions on the card , or * anything * it says , if it says ` dredge 7 ' or any other higher number then it will immediately be a 4-of in every dredge deck in modern , legacy and vintage . 
  the only thing that can make a dredge card with 4 + dredge better is being a creature , preferably black . 
  but storm ? 
  storm is not broken . 
  it just * is n't * . 
   / s kinda, 
  to be clear : no . 
  you do n't cast the storm copies . 
  that 's just not true . 
  you do n't need a lot . 
  a couple of commons in the right colour with deathtouch is enough . 
  mtg players sometimes seem to think that a build around uncommon means you need the entire rest of your deck to work with it . 
  like , no . 
  `` exert '' is n't used like that . 
  i do n't really get it . 
  why ca n't a legion be blocked by big creatures ? 
   as the nightmares still leave with her, 
  no , they do not . 
  the ping leaves . 
  they stay . 
  and in none of those episodes has he ever stated what you 're claiming , because it 's patently absurd . 
  they make build-around uncommons all the time that do n't work with the entire set , as you 're saying they should . 
  no , that makes it pay to win . 
   i can spend money and buy advantage in any game, 
  in any pay to win game . 
  this card is just simply overpowered . 
  it 's a bear that just can not be reasonably blocked by anything smaller than 4/4 , and even then you can save it !, 
  i have a hard time ever envisioning the latter ability from being used . 
  generally these effects are on green cards ( they might even be restricted to green cards , as enemy colour of black ) and they are just ... like when are you going to use this ? 
  liliana goes +1 and you kill all creatures ? 
  someone hymns you and you kill all creatures ? 
  neither of those sound like situations where you 'd want that effect . 
  first of all : good work .
