  you 're basically saying that people pay attention to the non-religious ideas of their culture but not the religious ideas even though a very large proportion say that the religious ideas are the most important . 
  they 're wrong . 
  the reason they follow those religious ideas and agree with them and adhere to them is because they are already brought up to hold those ideas , which is their culture . 
  they do n't stop being sexist and homophobic if they leave islam . 
   as a society i do not believe we should be tolerant of intolerance . 
  i do not buy the ` it is their culture and we should respect it ' arguments either . 
  no one is obligated to respect a different culture just because it is different . 
  shitty culture is shitty culture and this is a shitty culture . 
  i agree entirely . 
  it 's culture , it 's not even really about the religion . 
  the religion is used as justification for the actions of the culture . 
  i 'm fairly sure we do n't have ` irish or dutch or chinese or whatever ' teams and clubs in nz ... 
  we do have maori teams , and catholic school teams , and probably catholic community group teams . 
   personally , i would prefer to see religion taken out of otherwise secular institutions ( no more prayers in parliament please ), 
  we are a christian country though . 
  i 'm not christian , i do n't like much about christianity , but at least the core message is fairly good : be nice , be loving , be forgiving , leave the judgement to god . 
  again , i 'm not religious , but that 's the general idea . 
  our culture is influenced by christianity , our institutions are too . 
  i do n't see much harm in the prayer . 
  i expect it will be gone next time we have a labour speaker anyway . 
  i would n't at all be opposed to getting rid of it , though . 
  i 'd rather get rid of it than allow a muslim prayer or a catholic prayer for example . 
   than preventing religious people from having schools where their children can learn about the intersections of contemporary society with their family 's traditions . 
  again , if you want to teach your kids religion that 's fine , but schools should not be allowed to . 
  it 's not whataboutism . 
  it 's not at all . 
  that 's inane . 
  people say islam is sexist . 
  but they do n't say that christianity is sexist . 
  i 've never seen people say that christianity is * inherently * sexist . 
  yet people constantly talk about islam being sexist . 
  yet if either is , they both are , and if either is n't , neither is . 
  my point is not that islam is good or anything . 
  my point is that looking at the religion misses the point . 
  they do n't do this because they 're muslim but because they 're * arabic * muslims . 
   no they werent . 
  the europeans were . 
  theres this racist myth that africa was better under white people . 
  not racist , and not a myth . 
  these countries were much more peaceful , much more organised , and much more productive . 
  the west abruptly left and they fell apart . 
  look at the difference between how the brits left india vs. how they left places in africa . 
   it was shit for the people who worked for less fhan minimum wage , were barred from public services reserved for whites , were ignored by the police unless they were negatively affecting white instituts or people . 
  i did n't say it was great . 
  there was plenty of racism . 
  but the entire continent was n't in virtually constant civil war . 
   it 's really a no-win situation . 
  cherry picking one 's personal interpretation of religious beliefs to be a more moderate one is fine , but one ca n't reasonably expect others of the same faith to share this mindset , particularly in islam , which is n't exactly the most progressive of faiths . 
  no , but we * can * expect * everyone * to adhere to some basic standards of progressiveness . 
  does n't really matter if people agree with them . 
  that 's the great thing about being progressive , it does n't matter one fucking iota whether people agree with you , * you 're still right * . 
   the father ca n't reasonably expect the school to accommodate him . 
  the most reasonable solution for him and his daughters , while considering the beliefs of other parents and so that other students do n't come out worse off , is that he have his daughters attend a non-muslim school instead and make the netball team there . 
  or we could ban the morons from having a school where they can indoctrinate future terrorists . 
  again it 's a fine position to take that christianity and islam are both sexist , it 's just you see a lot of people responding to these articles saying `` it 's all islam !!!! '', 
  so why do n't christians do this ? 
   if we were talking about glorivale not islam would this sentence make sense to you ? 
  gloriavale is a cult . 
  it 's like brian tamaki 's bullshit . 
  it 's a personality cult , the religious stuff is used to control people , but it does n't cause it . 
  they do n't do it because they 're christians but because they 're in a cult . 
  well you said that we should ` calm down ' about an extremely serious issue because it relates to a minority group . 
  they 're not schools . 
  schools are not just clubs . 
   and what exactly are these `` basic standards of progressiveness '' you speak of and who gets to decide them ? 
  they 're not breaking any local or international laws . 
  that 's the point you berk . 
  the law * should * prevent indoctrination schools . 
   this is a sweeping generalisation based on no evidence . 
  no it is n't . 
  there 's mountains of evidence that second generation immigrants that are poorly integrated/silo 'd off are much more likely to be extremised than first generation immigrants . 
  kids being sent to islamic schools and be segregated from the general population , not integrating , are at a high risk of terrorism . 
   i 'm not fond of religious schools either , but you 're just being islamophobic, 
  that 's ridiculous . 
  it 's insane , it 's really really insane . 
  we should n't phase-out any benefits . 
  every single adult should get superannuation , baseline , for everyone . 
  we can work out what the tax rates should be on people earning to offset that , but that needs to be the basic thing everyone gets . 
   i always want to say i agree the top 10 % pays too much in tax . 
  the top 10 % pays basically nothing in tax . 
  that will never happen . 
   labour and national have run this country into the ground . 
  correction : national has . 
  if national had lost every election since 2008 we 'd be so much better off as a country . 
  lower immigration , better pay , better recovery from the earthquakes , better recovery from the gfc ... 
   national have become the centerist party, 
  national are very right-wing . 
   with labour moving so far to the left . 
  labour is right-wing . 
   look at what the maori party has managed . 
  racism ? 
  lots and lots of divisive policies that have n't done a single fucking thing to help maori ? 
  nz has never had social mobility . 
  nz will never have social mobility . 
  that 's not a bad thing . 
  ` social mobility ' is bullshit used to justify the poor living a wretched life . 
  it implies that if they just stopped being lazy they could be rich and be fine . 
  but that 's not true . 
  we ca n't all be rich . 
  the reality is a lot of people will be born poor , live poor , and die poor .
