  it 's a similar price to hobbies where you have to pay large amounts for very niche very high quality materials that cost a tonne to make . 
  mtg it 's just cardboard and it 's not niche . 
  show me one tcg that 's even close to being as successful as magic . 
  the items you are paying for are just cardboard . 
   no , they are n't . 
  cardboard is nothing . 
  it has no monetary value whatsoever . 
  that 's my whole point . 
   buying a playset of underground seas is not buying cardboard , it is buying a rare and collectible card, 
  because its supply is artificially restricted by wotc to maintain its cost . 
   that is not only a hobby and somethung you can get enjoyment out of for a long time , it will retain its value for a long time . 
  that 's a * bad * thing . 
  i do n't want my underground seas to retain value . 
  i want them to drop in value so others can have access to the game . 
  if i wanted a collectible , i 'd buy stamps . 
  stamps are completely different , because the collectability of them does n't hinder your ability to use them for their actual purpose . 
  every stamp is functionally identical , essentially . 
  they still make new stamps that work just as well as old collectable stamps . 
  they 're not rare because their supply is artificially reduced . 
  magic is different . 
  i have no problem with foils or masterpieces or judge foils being expensive collectables , but i * do * have a problem with normal cards being so absurdly expensive not because they 're collectable but because of high demand from players that just want to play the game . 
  that 's part of what i like about osrs . 
  do n't get me wrong , i also play rs3 , because rs3 has way more quests and i love quests . 
  but what 's nice about osrs is that it feels more like vanilla wow while rs3 feels more like modern wow today , where a huge amount of the game is just pointless . 
  in osrs , more things are useful . 
  kind of retarded , honestly . 
  by making this about ` learning about consent ' they 're essentially equating ` stan , kiss your grandma goodbye ' with sexual abuse , which is moronic . 
  kids are n't in charge when it comes down to ` person to person interaction ' . 
  kissing your grandmother is n't sexual , in any way whatsoever . 
  uh , no it is n't . 
  it 's easy . 
  there 's a shortage of qualified competent entry-level programmers . 
  if you have trouble finding a job as a programmer , you 're bad . 
  why would drinking not be okay , or not be expected ? 
  drinking completely normal moderate amounts - wine with dinner , beer after work , etc. 
  - is part of our culture . 
  binge drinking is not the only form of drinking , you know . 
  fuck that . 
  quite frankly , fuck that . 
  the issue is not and has never been alcohol . 
  the issue is certain kinds of alcohol . 
  we do n't ban guns or tax guns , we restrict who can buy and own them and * what sorts of guns you can get * . 
  you ca n't get a kalashnikov in nz , but you can get a hunting rifle . 
  rtds and other drinks clearly designed to appeal to young people ? 
  they do n't need to exist . 
  a black market for rtds is n't going to form , for fuck 's sake . 
  twenty years ago , university students drank beer . 
  now they drink things that are just as strong if not stronger , but taste like fanta , so they just drink and drink and drink and drink . 
  i said a shortage of ** qualified ** competent entry-level programmers . 
  if you have n't come through the tertiary system , it 's very unlikely that you are a competent entry-level programmer . 
  beat a university graduate at what ? 
  programming is a broad field . 
  writing a simple app ? 
  explaining which sort of data structure to use in which cases ? 
  the reality is that if you 're unqualified people have little reason to hire you . 
  oh stop being an awful cynical cunt . 
  they got the worst internships because they 're unqualified . 
  if they are as great as you make them out to be , why did n't they do a tertiary degree ? 
  clearly it did n't , or they would have better internships . 
  companies are rational actors . 
  there is a shortage of good people . 
  if there were good people that were underdemanded by the market they would snap them up for cheap . 
  that apparently * no software company in the entire country * has done this just goes to show that clearly there are some things you learn in a university degree that you do n't learn in a 1 year fucking microsoft certificate . 
  colour me surprised . 
  i do n't see how this is even remotely anything like dependent types . 
  this is n't an mmorpg . 
  it is n't an mmo , even . 
  what are you are describing is definitely something that should exist , but a game with no open world , no levelling . . that 's not an mmo . 
  it 's basically a pve dota or multiplayer-focused diablo 3 . 
   maybe an online rpg , it will def have rpg elements, 
  does n't make it an rpg . 
  cod is n't an rpg just because it has levels . 
   but i think it time mmorpg have evolved . . just because you dont see 1000s of player on your screen doesnt mean it not `` massively '' . 
  that literally means it is n't massive . 
   we could have an mmorpg with 200 player server but cross-server queue which collect millions of player together but in your eyes it wouldnt be consider an `` mmorpg '' ? 
  a game that is just a queuing system with no open world is not an mmorpg . 
  having some content that you can do on your own does n't make a game singleplayer . 
  the point of an mmo is that it 's a virtual world . 
  there are things that require groups , there are things that can be done by just one man . 
  do n't let the door hit you on the way out . 
  the worthless posts make the better posts harder to see . 
   honestly , the best form of moderation is when the subreddit moderates itself naturally . 
  this is patently untrue . 
  look at every default subreddit . 
  there was nothing at all impossible about eqn . 
  i ca n't be bothered correcting your understanding because i do n't care about your opinion . 
  literally everyone at level 101 has an artifact weapon . 
  well no , it 's not even technically difficult . 
  there are many games out there that use voxels , they 're not hard to work with . 
  if anything they 're easier . 
  making an mmo is not difficult or expensive compared to making any other sort of game . 
  companies make mmos and other games all the time . 
   serious question : why would a publicly traded company advertise legacy ( tournaments are partially advertisement of new cards ) something that brings them no revenue ? 
  they sell many cards for legacy , both in paper and on mtgo . 
   legacy ? 
  there 's no money in that for wotc . 
  there was for scg back in the day , but now that the price of duals ( which they must have sold a ton of during those days ) is out of most peoples ' reach , they 've suddenly stopped broadcasting legacy events . 
  hmm ... 
  if they reprinted duals , they certainly would n't have any trouble selling them . 
   i love legacy .
