  and entirely to stop people from having to be cross-examined by someone they are accusing of a crime . 
  remember , we assume innocence . 
  it is better that 100 men go free than 1 man unjustly is sent to prison . 
   no one is getting wrongly imprisoned the court still stands . 
  yes they are !, 
  the entire point of your rights to a free and fair trial are to prevent you from being wrongly convicted . 
  that 's why you have the right to cross-examine witnesses . 
  that 's why you have a right to defend yourself . 
  the person asking the questions is critical . 
  have you ever seen a cross-examination ? 
  a real one , not on tv . 
   assuming the trial has the wrong result , as you previously stated . 
  the perpetrator can walk free - which is bad for the accuser right ? 
  the ` wrong result ' is that someone is sent to prison unjustly . 
  if they would be justly sent to prison under the proposed restrictions , they 'd be sent to prison anyway . 
  nobody is currently getting off because they can cross-examine witness properly . 
   you can have a lawyer cross examine the accuser and still be able to defend yourself on all other matters, 
  you ca n't have a lawyer do that if you do n't have a lawyer because you 're exercising your right to defend yourself . 
   no one is assuming anyone has done anything , that 's why there is a trial right ? 
  if you are saying ` you ca n't cross-examine this witness , because they say you did x to them ' , you are restricting their rights on the basis on an accusation . 
  that 's wrong . 
  read the fucking thread before you reply with the same inane shit we dealt with elsewhere . 
  you 're an idiot . 
  deathrite shaman does n't do anything if you immediately play landstill though . 
  then do n't have mentors in the board either . 
  ` left libertarian ' and ` libertarian nationalist ' are both contradictions in terms . 
  what a load of liberal crap . 
  no you fool . 
  if you want entreat main , and you do n't want mentor main , * do n't put mentor in the deck at all * . 
  lol us economics . 
  gim me a break mate . 
  ` libertarian ' does n't mean ` socially liberal ' . 
  it means * economically and socially liberal * . 
  economic liberalism is not left-wing . 
  ` libertarian ' is a useless american term anyway . 
     having like 2 mentors in the board while having 1-2 entreats in the main seems better . 
    the problem with that is that we really want those to slots in the board for something else right now . 
   then do n't have mentors in the board either . 
  do n't be so dim . 
  agrippa91 clearly disagrees with having mentor in the main , and has good reasons for that . 
  you do n't argue those reasons , so i see no reason why i should assume you disagree and want mentor in the main . 
  you argue you need the sideboard space for other things . 
  okay , so * do n't play mentor at all then * , i say . 
  and you go off in a huff and get all excited because you miss the context of the bloody discussion . 
  magic 's stories are not ` real ' . 
  they 're extremely bad . 
  are you kidding ? 
  that 's the definition of liberalism . 
  ` libertarian ' is an american term for liberal , because americans think that ` liberal ' means left-wing . 
  ` libertarian ' is an american term for liberal , because americans think that ` liberal ' means left-wing . 
  it 's the same discussion you moron . 
  i totally disagree . 
  i never see anything but meta decks on mtgo , while irl it 's common to see offbeat stuff . 
  i 'm talking about terms as they 're used today . 
  ` libertarian ' makes no sense as a term outside the us because we know what ` liberal ' means and just use that instead . 
  i disagree . 
  / r/custommagic are way more strict on the colour pie than r&d are . 
   red in eternal formats is only used either because it 's powerful burn is legal or because some older prison / proactive control card , e.g. 
  [ [ blood moon ] ] , is legal . 
  or because of powerful creatures like young pyromancer and grim lavamancer . 
  burn in legacy is mostly burn spells . . 
   to avoid undesirable interactions, 
  to avoid * interesting * interactions , you mean . 
  it 's not a good reason . 
  counterspell would be worthless in standard . 
  burn is n't a ` bad budget deck ' . 
  it 's not tier 1 , but that literally does n't matter in legacy . 
  legacy is n't modern , and the gap between the best deck and the 20th best deck in legacy is very small . 
  grim lavamancer is widely played in legacy ... 
  http://mtgtop8.com/archetype?a=20&amp;meta=27&amp;f=le plenty of good results here . 
  these are just tournaments with 50 + players . 
  lots of scg iqs . 
  it 's played in 12 % of decks according to mtggoldfish . 
  it 's played widely in grixis delver , the best and most popular deck in the format , because that 's a red midrange deck and red midrange decks want grim lavamancer . 
  it 's widely played in legacy . 
  mana burn is absolutely relevant . 
   you used to be able to respond to damage in uninituitive ways . 
  correction : they were completely intuitive . 
  morphling would be played in blue control in standard today . 
  grixis delver is midrange , ur delver is aggro . 
  how is miracles uninteractive ? 
  that 's the sort of thing someone would say if they just made comments on reddit and never actually played or played against miracles . 
  it feels like vintage , where as long as you have a reasonable core set of stuff , you can play whatever shit you like . 
  no they are n't . 
  americans call people that want to prevent personal freedoms because they 're ` offensive ' , ` liberals ' . 
  they call anyone on the left ` liberal ' . 
  94 % of people that apply or 94 % of people that get an appointment ? 
   i do n't think anyone wants to be labelled permanently in history as the person who relegated britain into an irrelevant nation like greece or spain, 
  that person already exists . 
  oh it would be played , widely even . 
  but counterspell would n't put it over the top . 
  control is * awful * in standard and has been for a few years , and will be with or without counterspell until they fix removal being so dogshit . 
  that 's nonsensical . 
  no it did n't . 
  its game plan revolved around resolving a 2-mana enchantment that * required most opponents to interact in some way that was n't just slamming their best card * . 
  i did n't play miracles , but it was a very interactive deck . 
  ant was actually favoured against counter/top imo , what with the abrupt decays . 
  legacy is thriving in some areas and has been dead for over a decade in others . 
  i did n't hate playing against counter/top though . 
  counter/top was fine .
