  free trade is n't all good or all bad . 
  they 've focused a lot on free trade but have wasted a huge amount of time and energy on the tppa , which does n't even get us good access to the american market and includes a lot of extremely bad provisions that fuck pharmac and fuck our copyright laws and just fuck us in general . 
  it 's a bad agreement . 
  the chinese agreement ( which was labour 's ) is better because our markets were * already * being flooded by cheap chinese shit undercutting our own workers , so it 's not like we gave much up in that one . 
   and they 've been successful at building and sustaining international relationships, 
  really ? 
  i do n't think there 's really any difference between labour and national on this front . 
  one thing to note is that many former labour ministers in the previous government have gone on to work in the un ( david shearer and helen clark primarily , but others as well iirc ) and this has a good positive effect on nz in the diplomatic world . 
   i think labour would be fine leading the country but it 's not going to lead to a nirvana like some people here predict . 
  more money does n't necessarily fix problems at all and there is a very real limit on the amount a government can spend . 
  i suspect they 'll form the next government and it will be interesting to see what happens . 
  governing is tough work but i 'm sure they 'll be fine . 
  that 's surprisingly positive . 
   also housing is n't something i care about at all - i do n't think owning your own house is necessarily critical for a society and the poorest sections of society were never going to own their own house any way . 
  i am deeply sceptical that central government actions will be able to achieve anything in this area . 
  well i think that new zealand was a better place when everyone could own their own home . 
  we have the capacity . 
  we have the space . 
  we have the money . 
  we have the raw materials . 
  we have the ability to do it . 
  why not ? 
  it might not be critical for some arbitrary hypothetical society , but is it a bad thing ? 
  not at all . 
  it 's been the default that our society is built around . 
  the reason our rental laws are so bad is that renting was for students and temporary workers and the dregs of society . 
  our rental laws are n't designed for a context where half our population will never own their own home . 
  if we are going to give up on the every-kiwi-owns-their-own-home vision ( which obviously will never end up as literally everyone , but is the vision ) , then our rental laws need to be completely overhauled . 
  maybe not everyone will own their home , but everyone should be able to * have * a home . 
  a real home , permanently or semi-permanently . 
  none of this 6-month lease with a 6-week notice period shit . 
  why are you voting act then ? 
  if you do n't like their policies ? 
   doing so because the nats have made a difference in social policy where i would have expected labour do to so , but ardern keeps speaking in ideas and values instead of committing to things i care about . 
  i want to vote for ardern , but it 's so frustrating to watch her generalize and not get into specifics . 
  stop believing everything the media constantly goes on about ( hurr durr labour has no policies its just personality hurr durr ) and read their fucking website . 
  they have mountains of policy . 
   labour with jacinda i can live with , i do n't think she has promised anything too wacky . 
  i do think the $ 2billion for free first year is a silly idea and non workable . 
  university 's are just going to preload the first year fees and/or offer a bunch of expensive 1 year diploma 's . 
  and then the question is can they cope with the extra demand . 
  i feel a universal student allowance is a better option . 
  the only option is free university education ** only ** for courses that have tough entry requirements . 
  the current situation has * really * encouraged them to lower their requirements and it 's just disgusting . 
  soooo many students that just have absolutely no fucking ideas what they 're doing , who get a degree full of cs and ds and get to/have to resit half their courses . 
  when we had free/near-free university education , it was affordable because there was no expectation that everyone had to go to university . 
  now it 's almost seen as just the basic thing for everyone to do . 
  it 's stupid . 
  which actual policies of act 's do you support ? 
  the massive tax cuts for the rich with extremely marginal tax cuts for the poor ? 
  raising the retirement age so that manual labourers have to work even longer despite already being unable to realistically work until 65 ? 
  increasing jail sentences despite the enormity of evidence showing that it does n't actually have any positive effects ? 
  get rid of the rma , which will absolutely ruin our environment and let big businesses pollute our cities and rivers like it 's the 1800s ? 
  allow even more urban sprawl ? 
  more free trade agreements , undercutting new zealand workers if the few industries we still have left ? 
  more charter schools , which are just corporate welfare ? 
  more funding for private schools ? 
  user-pays charges for road use that hit the poor hard and are negligible for the rich ? 
  more public-private partnerships to build more roads we do n't need , to use government capital to generate private profits from tolls we should n't have to pay ? 
  encouraging uber , a company that fucks over its workers that it refuses to accept are employees and breaks the law consistently but has n't been punished for it ? 
  increasing immigration in order to undercut new zealand workers ? 
  cutting benefits to the ground ? 
  allowing farmers to do basically whatever the fuck they want with our water , our land and our country ? 
  i 'm not interested in converting anyone to ` my side ' , because this is n't a fucking religion . 
  people acting like politics is a religion are the reason the usa is so fucked, 
  no , i 'm saying it 's not something to be proud of . 
  if anything they should be ashamed that they were the last party in new zealand to * stop * being such massive racists . 
  that 's just not true . 
  lots of countries have or have had a two-party fpp system . 
  new zealand had one in the past . 
  new zealand did n't have the near-religious partisanism of the usa then , and neither did the usa for that matter . 
  they do have it now , and it 's not particularly related to fpp . 
  i 'm asking you which of those policies you support . 
  i 'm interested . 
   my relatively left-wing legal professors are pretty unanimous when they claim national did well with m\u0101ori issues ; and looking at the evidence it 's hard to deny . 
  many m\u0101ori and national party critics have said the same . 
  the maori party definitely likes the narrative that national does well by maori . 
  they do n't , though . 
  maori poverty has n't done fucking anything , it 's stayed where it is . 
  treaty settlements have n't changed this and never will , that 's not the point of treaty settlements . 
   the foresehore seabead act was pretty universally hated by everyone - national 's replacement , the marine and coastal area ( takutai moana ) act is undoubtably a good compromise . 
  the foreshore and seabed act was hated by a very small group of people : iwi-affiliated maori . 
  the sort of people that vote for the maori party , about 1/15th of maori and 1 % of the whole population . 
  the only reason it was changed was 1 ) labour did it , 2 ) national needed the maori party . 
   a corporation is not a person either , yet it is handy for them to have legal personhood . 
  the arrangement works very well , and is being copied overseas - you 're just legally ignorant . 
  it does n't work well , and corporate personhood is a completely different state of affairs . 
  companies ( what is a corporation ? 
  they 're called companies in nz , stop pretending to be an american ) are legal persons because they are entities that make decisions . 
  a forest is not a person , legal or otherwise . 
  it can not act . 
  it can not sue . 
  it can not be sued . 
  there is no expectation that a forest would ever need to use a court or employ someone . 
  it could be reasonable for a * board * managing a forest to exist and be able to manage the forest and act to do this that or the other thing . 
  but the forest * itself * has no possible reason to be a legal person other than to , as you * already admitted * , pander to ludicrous maori superstition . 
   you are clearly and nonsensically just circle-jerking the national party = nazi party train . 
  the average and reasonable chch voter would the nats did alright , and the average and reasonable economist would say the nats did alright, 
  no , they do not . 
  you are simply wrong .
