  it 's a myth . 
  i 've never seen any evidence of it . 
  there are lots of gigantic corporations all over the world that manage fine . 
  they move slowly , which is fine , they do keep moving . 
  it 's the same thing , scaled up . 
  there 's one army for the uk . 
  there 's one revenue department . 
  there could easily be a single nhs . 
  the nhs trusts should all be folded into a ministry of health . 
  they can delegate decision making to the more local level as they see fit , in the same way it 's basically statutorily delegated to the trusts . 
  if you think corruption in the public sector is bad * holy fuck * is it bad in the private sector . 
  privatisation essentially * is * pure corruption . 
  you 're trying to ` win ' by saying it . 
  you do n't have real arguments , so you just post a hundred pdf links and say ` do the research , maaaan ' . 
  you 're doing exactly the same thing people do to justify insane conspiracy theories about 9/11 : they argue for a minute , run out of arguments , then post a dozen pdf links and say `` you 're just ignorant , stop reading the mass media , do some research dude '' . 
  yes . 
  fucking yes . 
  if she does n't want to campaign , she should n't call an election . 
  her * most important * job is doing interviews . 
  the prime minister is the face of the government . 
  she is accountable to the press . 
  those would be * alleged * domestic abusers being prevented from cross-examining * alleged * victims in court , presumably while attempting to defend themselves from those allegations ? 
  the english criminal court systems have n't had a real presumption of innocence for years but this really beggars belief . 
  you bombarded me with cherry-picked economics papers that contradict reality . 
  the reality is that company tax being lower would * severely * impact government revenue . 
  you have a * right * to cross-examine all witnesses . 
  you have a * right * to defend yourself in court . 
  if you defend yourself in court , and an * alleged * victim is called as a witness by the prosecution , you have a * right * to cross-examine them . 
  do n't like it ? 
  tough . 
  courts are not easy , nice or friendly . 
  your right to defend yourself in court , your right to cross-examine witnesses , these are important rights . 
  they 're a lot more important than an ** alleged ** victim 's supposed right to . . what ? 
  eternal everlasting comfort ? 
  i hope this is some sort of joke . 
  being put on trial is stressful . 
  being unable to properly defend yourself in court because someone might get offended when you try to cross-examine witnesses is completely unjust . 
  that an * accuser * could have the right to make an accusation of a crime , state that it happened in court , and then not even be able to be cross-examined is * insanely * unjust . 
  making an unproven accusation of domestic assault does not give you a free ride to never having any contact with that person again , and does not entitle you to be free from cross-examination . 
  it 's howland reed . 
  it makes no sense for a teenage girl to joust with grown adult male knights and * talk * without being recognised as a girl ( and killed , most likely ) . 
  this is n't brienne we 're talking about here . 
  lyanna is a pretty normal girl . 
   this is false . 
  the evidence suggests cit is the single most damaging tax in existence . 
  it 's damaging to one group of people : the megarich . 
   the poor having more money leads to economic growth, 
  this is just completely obviously true . 
  try to argue against it , i fucking dare you . 
   it lowers the price of labour by creating an oversupply of it . 
  are you going to argue against fucking supply and demand now ? 
   company tax is mostly paid by rich companies owned by rich people . 
  this is objectively true , or would be if the uk 's company tax laws did n't have more loopholes than a fucking bubble blower . 
   i am not certain what ` not in the public interest ' meant in their statement though . 
  it 's a cop-out . 
  personally , ` not in the public interest ' is not justifiable in any case like this . 
  the cps should * always * prosecute in any case of alleged electoral fraud where there is even the slightest bit of evidence , to avoid any appearance of partiality . 
   holy shit dude just stop . 
  that 's not an argument !, 
   you have no idea what youre talking about . 
  just fucking stop . 
  again , every time i ask you to actually make an argument , you just blather like a mongoloid . 
   why do people who have obviously never fucking taken a class in their entire life insist they have any knowledge ? 
  do you see me claiming i can build a workable suspension bridge with my economics background ? 
  because you have no fucking clue about economics . 
  you literally argue against the law of supply and demand in your moronic comments . 
  you are entitled to defend yourself in court . 
  you do not need a barrister . 
   perhaps court for a victim of abuse should be made a bit nicer, 
  why ? 
  court does not exist for alleged victims . 
  it existed for the accused . 
  the only important thing is that there is a free and fair trial for the accused . 
   what 's to gain from submitting someone to cross examination from the perpetrator , as detailed in the article ? 
  if you want to defend yourself in court , which you have a right to do , and you want to cross-examine witnesses , which you have a right to do , then naturally the defendant will end up cross-examining witnesses . 
  what 's to gain ? 
  what 's there ever to gain ? 
  the alleged victim is usually the most important witness called ( except the defendant , if they testify ) and examining and finding holes in their testimony is crucial . 
  the prosecution has to prove beyond all reasonable doubt that the defendant is guilty , and you have the right to poke holes in their claims and defend your freedom . 
  i 'm sorry , but the rights of someone facing a harsh sentence for assault to defend their freedom is more important than the feelings of someone that has to come to court for a day and be asked a few questions . 
  teenage girls do not have the physical strength of men . 
  that 's just biological , physiological fact . 
  teenage girls also do n't sound like men . 
  when the kotlt * says * things , do n't you think they would have noticed it was a girl , for a start ? 
  add to that , the reality that a teenage girl is not going to be able to win a joust against fully grown men in their physical prime . 
  the average * unfit * man is more than a match for most * fit * women , physically . 
  men are a lot physically stronger than women . 
  i 'm a lot stronger than any of my girlfriends have ever been , by a huge amount , and i 'm quite unfit , they 've all been reasonably fit . 
  women have to put in a gigantic amount of training to be physically competitive with men , and even then are much weaker than men that have put in similar levels of training . 
  it 's just unrealistic that a teenage girl is going to be a match for a knight in a joust , even if it 's mostly about riding . 
  howland was warged into by bran . 
  simple . 
  that 's why jojen was surprised bran had n't heard the story : howland would have told jojen and meera that it was important that bran was told the story . 
   i 'd say her most important job is to run the country , what with being the pm and all . 
  the prime minister does n't run the country , the civil service does . 
  you have a right to defend yourself in court . 
  if you defend yourself in court , the only person that will be cross-examining prosecution witnesses is you . 
  alleged victims do not participate in any special way in the legal system . 
  they do n't decide whether to prosecute . 
  they do n't decide whether to investigate .
