  green delver decks do n't play gsz . 
  food chain , turbo depths , aluren , infect , jund and various green or green-splashing control decks all do n't play it . 
  the key point is that jund does n't play it and infect does n't play it . 
  junk decks people build do n't play it . 
  the green decks that people play in modern would not play gsz . 
  the popular green decks in modern at the moment are infect ( would n't play it ) , bant eldrazi ( would n't play it ) , jund ( would n't play it ) , abzan ( would n't play it ) , titan shift ( might play it ) , valakut breach ( might play it ) , rg tron ( would n't play it ) , elves ( would play it ) , scapeshift ( would n't play it ) , company decks ( would play ) , and the rest are basically just noise . 
  so a couple of decks would play it ? 
  big deal . 
  that 's not an issue . 
  that 's not bad . 
  that 's good . 
  i dislike you , because you are retarded . 
   exactly . 
  modern is not particularly interactive and hyper aggressive cards like the ones i listed above do not help when the interactive cards the set does provide are too slow . 
  that leaves the option to leave them alone and continue to let modern be nothing but a drag race , ban them and shake up the meta and see what come out of it , or ban only a couple of the big problem children and let only one of the hyper aggressive decks continue to dominate modern like they 've done with affinity . 
  affinity is n't ` hyper aggressive ' . 
  it 's aggressive because it 's a fucking aggro deck . 
  do you want modern to be like standard and legacy , where there are no aggro decks ? 
  because it sounds like that 's what you want . 
  i do not often respond to criticism of modern with ` well go play legacy ' , but really if you want a format totally devoid of aggro decks maybe you should go play legacy . 
   jace the mind sculptor, 
  this definitely should have been unbanned in modern a long time ago . 
  it should also have been unbanned in modern yesterday . 
   sensei 's divining top, 
  absolutely not . 
  this card makes tournaments take far too long . 
  it 's bad enough in legacy , which has higher average player skill than modern . 
  it would be abysmal for the modern format to unban this card . 
  yes , definitely . 
  banning them was a stupid thing to do , if they thought storm was too consistent they should have printed force of will , or bar that they should have banned some rituals . 
   mental mistep, 
  literally retarded . 
  no way should this card be legal in any format . 
  frankly it should be restricted in vintage . 
   treasure cruise, 
  no fucking way . 
  treasure cruise is overpowered bullshit . 
  it 's better than ancestral recall , as it ca n't even be mental misstepped . 
  fuck treasure cruise , bro , fuck treasure cruise . 
  it and dig through time are like the r8 revolver in cs : go : an hilarious mistake that was fun while it lasted , but now it 's gone i certainly do n't want it back . 
  and again , no , they have n't banned any control cards in modern . 
  jace was in the initial banlist , as was top , so they are obviously not relevant to the discussion . 
  mental misstep was on the initial banlist too , and is n't a control card . 
  ponder and preordain were n't banned because they were used in control . 
  treasure cruise was n't a control card , it was the total opposite . 
   calling people idiots because you do n't like my opinion on the status of a card game format . 
  fuck you cunt . 
  it 's cardboard with pictures , go grow a pair you little bitch . 
  reported . 
   this is an exaggeration . 
  `` fair decks '' account for ~ 15 % of the very fragmented meta game which is hardly `` unplayable '' . 
  jund is the only viable fair deck in modern . 
  that has been true for a while now . 
   just out of curiosity : did you enjoy the 30 % jund meta of the old days when it had drs & bbe ? 
  no , drs was overpowered . 
   did you enjoy the 30 % abzan + pod meta ? 
  i did . 
  there was not ` abzan + pod ' meta . 
  abzan did n't exist as a deck until pod was banned , and it evolved out of the ` podless pod ' decks . 
  and yes , pod being the best deck was a good thing . 
   but wizards wanted diversity . 
  the format is as diverse as it has never been with no deck having more than 10 % of the meta pie . 
  wizards did n't want diversity . 
  wizards did n't ban pod because of diversity . 
  stop promoting these stupid fucking lies . 
  wizards banned pod because the pro tour was coming up and they wanted to ` shake up the format ' so the pro tour was n't ` boring ' . 
  that 's literally the entire reason , from start to finish . 
  sure , they came up with some bullshit justifications , but those justifications * did n't make any sense in the first place * . 
   the format is as diverse as it has never been with no deck having more than 10 % of the meta pie . 
  the format is not diverse . 
  it 's essentially 100 % aggro decks right now , and that 's because fair decks are just unplayably bad . 
  the problem is that fair decks only just beat the aggro decks but whenever they become popular tron just wipes them out . 
  you say that , but if you think about it , we 're talking about a deck with tarmogoyf , bloodbraid elf , stoneforge mystic ( and the rest of her package ) , path to exile , lightning bolt , and you can play birds of paradise as well because you 're green and you have equipment in your deck . 
  so is your name . 
  feminism is a serious mental illness . 
  you know how nic fit is a tier 3 deck at best and a toolbox deck , and therefore is n't relevant at all ? 
  are you talking about duels of the planeswalkers ? 
  mate i already have the tarmogoyfs , the lilianas , the blackcleave cliffs , the abrupt decays , the maelstrom pulse , some of the fetchlands and some of the shocklands and it would still cost me another $ 1100 to buy the deck . 
  no way is the deck $ 1400 . 
  there are no ` ecards ' . 
  mtgo is a completely different game and completely different platform from duels . 
  i agree , but nowhere in your post did you indicate that this was a proposal of any sort . 
  pod was never oppressive . 
  pod was never oppressive . 
  jund saw more play when pod was legal than it does now . 
  you mean british comedians , i assume ? 
  this was posted a day or two ago . 
  wtf are these comments ? 
  stoneforge mystic does n't conflict with loam except by being 2 mana and having a 2 mana activated ability . 
  drs certainly does . 
  dredging loam every draw is n't how you 're meant to play loam anyway , until you have managed to generate a wasteland lock . 
  and if you have , you 've won anyway . 
  if you 're dredging with loam to the extent that you 've milled all three of your equipment then you 've won anyway . 
  it is if you 're stuffing 12 onto one thing , it 's just about impossible . 
  but if you put two on each card then you get all the text on as well . 
   i was playing against oops with goblins . 
  not what i would call a good matchup , but i 'm sure someone will tell me that it is . 
  actually i 'll have you know that goblins wins every matchup . 
   same thing with double money when landing on go . 
  when i was a kid i used to exploit my grandfather when we played monopoly by taking $ 200 when i landed on go and then taking another $ 200 when i left go .
