  it 's never been too powerful . 
  wotc not wanting to print it does n't make it too powerful . 
  you 're still a cunt, 
  but no intuition : /, 
  lgses do n't make their money from singles anyway . 
  again , you 're not . 
  you 're standing up against good-natured banter , people drinking alcohol , and requiring people to grow a thicker skin if they want to be in the fucking * military * . 
  top is banned . 
  yeah , he was very effective in many ways . 
  but an awful , awful choice of pm . 
  that 's a myth . 
  there 's no such thing as ` first refusal ' . 
  everyone negotiates at once , and the party that can demonstrate a majority confidence and supply agreement becomes the government . 
  they do n't decide what ` smokefree ' means . 
  bars do n't let 5 % of their patrons smoke indoors . 
  for some reason i thought you were talking about hitler for the first half of that comment . 
  in seriousness though , yes . 
   idiotic policy of getting migration down to the tens of thousands, 
  fun fact : under that scheme , the 65 million person uk would have a lower immigration rate than the 5 million person new zealand . 
  fun fact : nz 's immigration rate is insane . 
  yuck , that 's disgusting . 
  i hate our government . 
  no , it 's worse , it 's americans . 
   they might also be able to get sinn fein on board by promising a referendum on a united ireland ( they do n't take their seats though ), 
  they 're literally called the ** conservative and unionist party ** . 
   odds are nobody remembers how wrong they were if the result is boring . 
  the people that matter care . 
  those people are the people they sell market research services to . 
  that 's the whole point of these polling companies . 
  til pyroblast can counter relevant rituals , tendrils or tutors . 
  surgical extraction is a bad card . 
  it seems good to new players `` oh my god you can get their best card ! '', 
  but there 's every chance they wo n't draw that card anyway . 
   cut cruicible , its too cute . 
  crucible of worlds is not ` cute ' . 
  playing grindy cards is not ` cute ' . 
  there are plenty of decks in legacy you need to grind against . 
  that 's not cute . 
   it 's as simple as that really , those are widely recognized as the two best cards in the format for a reason . 
  i think most would agree that brainstorm is the best card in the format . 
  i think most would agree that force of will is not anywhere close to being the best card in the format . 
   other decks that usually run 4 goyfs are bug delver and shardless bug . 
  and rug delver . 
   tarmogoyf is just not as impressive in legacy as it once was, 
  this is a recurring and plainly incorrect meme . 
  tarmogoyf is still the best 2-mana threat in the format by a big margin . 
   there are no counterfeits produced with a real holo stamp . 
  this is not true, 
   chronicles impacted consumer confidence and gave us the damn reserve list . 
  odd that people say this , given that chronicles did n't actually impact confidence of anyone except a small group of very vocal people that stupidly thought of magic as an investment vehicle . 
   battle for zendikar & oath of the gatewatch were disasters for being boring af and damaging eternal format . 
  um , they only significantly affected modern , which is n't an eternal format . 
  colour is never mentioned in deck building rules . 
  it just has too many complication . 
  if there is a deck building rule it should probably be about colour identity . 
  i think it would be printed at uncommon easily . 
  devotion is * faster * to count ? 
  what ? 
  no it is n't . 
  it 's * not * that good , imo . 
  it 's sideboarded out in a big portion of matchups . 
  i think a lot of decks could take it out and put it in the sideboard and be better off , much like maverick 's thoughtseizes , but that 's not orthodox i know . 
  real question is , what would you rather cast for 1g , tarmogoyf or / u/elvish _ visionary ? 
  it 's awful and unplayable in legacy . 
  it 'd be fine but not particularly good in modern . 
  i agree it 's important . 
  i do n't agree that it 's great . 
  eldrazi just gave mud different creatures . 
  modern players are pretty bad . 
  maybe bad players just think it 's good , as they did then . 
  there is no negative feedback here . 
  fuck off you stupid bot . 
  ` he or she ' is more accurate . 
  joffrey is not 1-dimensional at all , though . 
  does that mean the greeks were more ` advanced ' than the british empire ? 
  of course not . 
  democracy is n't more advanced than feudalism ... 
  i ca n't disagree . 
   if stifle were printed in modern , i would make a deck that ran stifle , boom/bust , and smallpox , and laugh as an opponent never resolved a card ever . 
  this is a bad strategy . 
  your opponent has more lands than you have answers to lands . 
  they will get spells through . 
   will this deck always win ? 
  will this deck suck to play against ? 
  so much . 
  so very much . 
  it 's not actually tempo , it 's just one mana land destruction for anyone that 's on the play . 
  it destroys mulligan efficiency , and will lead to so many feel bad games . 
  any questionable hand becomes `` you do n't get to play magic '' if your opponent has a stifle or two . 
  most decks do not want stifle , at all . 
  yeah , the key part of a deck that plays stifle in legacy is that you can get * way * ahead from a stifle . 
  you do n't just get 1 land ahead . 
  you stifle their fetchland , and then while they 're reeling from that you wasteland them , daze their spell , and/or flip a delver . 
  and stifle is great in legacy , in the right deck . 
  it absolutely wins games sometimes , but it often also just does n't do anything at all . 
  one of the worst things to do in legacy delver , i 'm sure you 'll agree , is the very common thing for newer delver players to do : hold up stifle on turn 1 of game 1 instead of playing a 1-mana threat that 's in their hand . 
  have you tried ... google ? 
   a ) the british empire was colonial not feudal . 
  i did n't say it was . 
  westeros is though .
