  does n't really matter . 
   as a nation we may be guaranteed to be poorer ( temporarily ) , but i doubt i will be personally . 
  that 's nice for you . 
  not nice for the rest of the country . 
   we 've been being made poorer year on year by our irresponsible politicians overspending constantly and this is a cross-party problem which started with labour and has been continued by those that have followed . 
  there 's no such thing as ` overspending ' . 
  government spending by definition goes directly back into the economy . 
   our national debt is increasing at a rate that will make us far poorer than brexit likely will . 
  ` national debt ' consists of bonds mostly held by britons , and thus the interest is mostly being paid back into the hands of britons . 
  it is n't making you poorer . 
  this is why tories are so annoying : they 're economically illiterate . 
  ` spend bad , tax bad , debt bad , austerity good , two legs good , four legs bad ' is not economic orthodoxy . 
   he did . 
  there is video proof lol . 
  no there is n't . 
   bet you think bush did 9/11 too lmao, 
  um , that makes no sense . 
  9/11 was saudi . 
   are you aware how much corporation tax dis-incentivises investment ? 
  are you aware that in countries with higher company tax , ** companies invest more money in long-term gains ** ? 
  your ideas do n't match up with reality . 
   poor growth means you 'll actually pull in less tax later down the line, 
  the uk has terrible growth and has had terrible growth ever since these terrible neoliberal ideas of thatcher were implemented that you so love to praise . 
  low company tax leads to low government income , which is bad for the economy . 
  low company tax leads to companies holding cash reserves instead of investing money in productive assets . 
  low company tax means companies do n't pay their fair share . 
  low company tax has no benefits to anyone except the rich . 
  i love british people . 
  i hate british political culture . 
  i hate the british view of the rest of europe . 
  one piece of road and * lyttelton port * . 
  fucking aucklanders thinking they 're some massive supply line for christchurch . 
  i said british political culture you buffoon . 
   uk setting immigration rates instead of having them dictated to us from the eu, 
  the uk * accepts * immigration rates from the eu . 
  the uk is part of the eu . 
  nothing is dictated to the uk . 
  if the uk wants to leave the eu , and not deal with those immigration rates , it will - oh , look , it has . 
  still sovereign . 
  compare the uk to somewhere like texas . 
  texas has , like the uk has had for a long time , a weak but existent ` independence ' movement . 
  the uk 's has come to the forefront in the last few years , and ( imo unfortunately ) this resulted in brexit . 
  but before then it was n't really any more relevant than the ( similarly stupid ) calls for independence from somewhere like texas . 
  the difference is that texas is not sovereign . 
  the americans seem to think that their states have sovereignty , but they do not . 
  they can not leave the usa . 
  they can not become independent . 
  federal law is * imposed * on them , and they have no choice but to accept it . 
  they can influence it , but they can not say ` no , fuck that , we 're leaving ' . 
  the uk can . 
  the uk is a sovereign state . 
   sovereignty is a measure on the state . 
  it has absolutely nothing to do hm liz , pre or post eu ref . 
  we 're a democracy , not a monarchy . 
  the uk is a monarchy , and her majesty * is * the state , legally speaking . 
  the uk is also a democracy . 
  democracy and monarchy are not opposing terms . 
  ` monarchy ' means that the head of state is hereditary , while ` republic ' means that it is not hereditary . 
  ` democracy ' vs ` autocracy ' is a separate axis , much like ` left vs. right ' and ` authoritarian vs. liberal ' are separate political compasses . 
  economics research exists that will tell you whatever you want to hear . 
  it really is n't a hard science . 
  thatcher 's policies accelerated inequality massively . 
  the uk is much worse off because of them now . 
  any economic growth went almost entirely to the rich . 
  liberal does not mean left-wing . 
  who said it was the left 's fault ? 
  the title says ` liberal ' . 
  the tories are economically very liberal , and they treat immigration politically as an economic issue . 
  all their discussion of immigration is in the context of the economy . 
  nobody has ever suggested that though . 
   hahaha !, 
  we 're sick of experts !, 
  what i said is still true . 
   absolute wealth in every class grew significantly over her time . 
  and would have been distributed more fairly if she had n't been there . 
   but you do n't care about that . 
  you 'd rather the poor were poorer so long as the rich were less rich . 
  the poor would be richer and the rich would be less rich i.e. 
  the world would be much fairer . 
  if the rich have the poor chained to their ankles , they pull harder . 
   look at japan for a second , they 're having this problem and have decided that automation is a good way to solve the problem . 
  you do n't decide these things . 
  automation comes of its own free will , because it is just the natural progression of capitalism . 
  if you run a manufacturing business you 'd rather pay $ 1m for a machine that will do the work of one person , 24 hours a day , 7 days a week , 52 weeks per year . 
   lets also not mention that skilled immigration causes brain drains to other countries, 
  it does , a little , but i think the effect is somewhat overstated . 
  usually we 're talking about a few percentage of the population at most . 
   oh and yes i was talking about skilled immigration , as i can point out we were talking about the needs of old people increasing which i assumed were medical needs and suggested immigration ( of skilled workers . ), 
  but we can just train the people here . 
   do you mean if one is a communist and vouches for the removal of all money ? 
  money is a representation of value but itself is valueless . 
  it has as much value as people agree upon . 
  if everyone agree that 1 $ is worthless than it would truly be worthless . 
  no , i mean that ` jobs are where people create value ' in the context you said it implies more jobs is good , which is sort of true , but the marginal productivity of +1 job in some areas is thousands of times higher than in other areas . 
  more manual labour is n't really more productive if it 's just delaying automation which will be more productive in the long-run . 
  in fact , the massive slavery of the roman empire is thought to be one reason they did n't advance as much : they did n't need to . 
  `` money is basically value '' is misleading because the amount of value that a pound represents can change . 
   9/11 was aq , no state actors involved, 
  al-qaeda are funded by saudi arabia . 
  this is n't even controversial .
