  3 hermit druid, 
  3 narcomoeba, 
  1 dread return, 
  1 laboratory maniac, 
  / / the tutors, 
  4 worldly tutor, 
  4 living wish, 
  / / the core, 
  4 force of will, 
  4 cavern of souls, 
  4 pact of negation, 
  4 gitaxian probe, 
  4 brainstorm, 
  / / the mana, 
  4 misty rainforest, 
  4 scalding tarn, 
  4 tropical island, 
  4 breeding pool, 
  4 lotus petal, 
  / / the meme sideboard, 
  1 hermit druid, 
  4 glistener elf, 
  4 invigorate, 
  2 chain of vapor, 
  that would be my first guess . 
  did n't really know what to do with the sideboard so i decided to make it transformative . 
  take out the 8 kill cards and the wishes for the 12 infect cards . 
  yeah but that 's because it has fast mana . 
  it 's a storm deck that plays force of will . 
  it 's able to play a controlling role in a combo matchup . 
  although i 'll say again : i 'd unban necro with a restriction that you ca n't play it and tendrils in the same deck . 
  yeah , probably . 
  and seriously speaking , having a tiny core of a kill has advantages like being able to run a transformative sideboard . 
  ca n't really do that in tin fins . 
  i think that 's called dark petition storm . 
  i 'm fairly sure that ` the perfect storm ' plays force of will , or it 's not tps . 
  at least that 's what i 've gathered from menendian 's scg articles about it in the past . 
  i do n't really play much vintage combo , i just play standstill-in-every-format now . 
  lol that 's actually a pretty funny combo . 
  oh that 's really odd . 
  i always thought of it as kind of definitional . 
  like , if you play a tendrils of agony deck in legacy without ad nauseam it should n't be called ant even if it 's identical otherwise imo . 
  interesting though . 
  i ai n't got rug in my flair for no reason , definitely agree on having a soft spot for mongoose . 
  hey i did say it was my first guess !, 
  ( and that the sideboard is a meme . ), 
  pact of negation is a good point , daze would probably be better . 
  yeah ... 
  i lost game 2 to tinfins -  mentor the other day on modo . 
  not sure tinfins was the best example , i really meant br reanimator . 
  great writeup . 
  gon na be eaten by my countrymen for this , but aus/nz represent !, 
  one little thing though :, 
   rug delver , unlike canadian threshold , is the old 4 goyf , 4 delver , 4 mongoose deck . 
  why do i keep seeing people saying this ? 
  it 's not true . 
  well , no such deck * has * ever * dominated * modern . 
  they 're too busy with ` diversity training ' to bother with humanity training , i 'm afraid . 
  what did they spend the money from qe on ? 
  surely they spent it on benefits or the nhs or something . . 
   before their bodies are cold . 
  that 's a really unfortunate choice of wording, 
  17 years of tory rule and 10 years of labour rule are pretty different things . 
  and progress is harder than regress . 
  no it did n't . 
  anyone claiming that twin ` dominated ' modern did n't play modern when twin was legal . 
   i dont understand what was boring during leveling ? 
  realy , cos every mmorpg do it the same way . 
  it was incredibly boring . 
  quest quest quest quest . 
  just fetch quest , escort quest , kill quest , again and again and again . 
  ` every wow clone has shit levelling ' does n't make its levelling non-shit . 
   but in wildstar it was more fun , cos if you fuck it up with 2 or 3 mobs , and missed the kick you could die very fast . 
  wich is good . 
  so you can learn on that failure and start to think about a new tactic . 
  imo , wildstar 's levelling was far from challenging . 
  if it had been , it would be more fun . 
   and the endgame is great and rich of good content . 
  if you didnt like it , or it turns out for you to be work when you play it ( and it seems you didnt enjoyed it ) , then wildstar isnt simply for you . 
  i did n't enjoy it . 
  jumping around a lot is not challenging . 
  i do n't play action platformers , i do n't enjoy them . 
  difficulty and challenge should be about using innovative tactics , thinking on your feet , using strategy , etc. 
  it should n't be ` can you jump around like a bulletstorm sidescroller ? ', 
   but if you only came out under rock , and bash its bad . 
  i cant get you serious , if you say things like that . 
  cos if you look across all mmorpgs , wildstar have one of the best engame raids in a mmorpg . 
  and they are fucking fun . 
  and not only a jump \u00b4 n \u00b4 run or hit \u00b4 n \u00b4 run with dodging . 
  again , no , it 's just jumping around dodging stuff . 
  contrary to popular belief on this subreddit ( and apparently on twitter ) , it 's entirely possible for someone to be knowledgeable about general matters . 
  you do n't have to be particularly old to have lived through the troubles and built a house , and anyone that 's got both of those has no reason not to know a fair bit about the troubles and building regulations , certainly enough to comment on a fucking forum about them . 
   japan has never had to rely on foreign workers for essential services like the nhs ... like we do, 
  the uk has never had to rely on foreign workers for the nhs . 
  how fucking stupid can you get ? 
  are you actually retarded ? 
  i 'm asking , seriously . 
  because you seem to have completely missed the point . 
  judging people based on their views and their thoughts is not ` thought crime ' . 
  it 's the one fucking thing you 're meant to judge people on .
