  runescape did n't work like that . 
  it did n't have ` pvpers ' and ` pve content ' . 
  it was n't a wow-style mmorpg . 
  there is a lot of content in 2007scape , as it was when it was re-released as osrs , all at once . 
  lots of stuff to do . 
  the ` content ' they 've added has been of * consistently * low quality and the vast majority of their changes are just pandering to whiners . 
  name one that is n't p2w . 
  at least you can actually * do * something while afk . 
  it has these really awesome almost psychadelic experiences when you rest . 
  they 're * sort of * interactive , but not really , you can sometimes push them in little directions but they 're pretty railroaded , more cutscenes than gameplay . 
  but they 're different almost every time . 
  some people find they get the same ones over and over again , but personally i 've never had the same one twice . 
  i think they must be procedurally generated or something . 
   wow, 
  in wow you can buy wow tokens and level boosts , which are non-cosmetic microtransactions . 
  jump potions are p2w . 
   wildstar, 
  service tokens that reduce cooldowns are blatantly pay to win . 
  to me the ultimate problems with rift 's dimensions are that they * just do n't matter * . 
  they 're instanced , and they really just do n't matter . 
  as nice and cool as they are , as creative as you can be , they ultimately do n't matter . 
  they do n't have any effects , any benefits , any purpose . 
  they are just a place with decorations . 
  i 'm sick of irrelevant player housing . 
  player housing is not just for decoration . 
  player housing should serve a useful gameplay purpose . 
  this is definitely something that can exist !, 
  for example , there 's no reason that players should n't be able to buy uninstanced shops or houses ( or shops and the house above ) in cities and set up businesses in game . 
  hire an npc to sell goods and bob 's your uncle . 
  runescape at least had housing that was useful , even if it was still instanced . 
  portal room , costume room , armour stands , workshop , larder , dining room , even your own dungeon complete with bosses and shit . 
  or for example , you could claim a plot of land out in the wildest parts of the wildest wilderness and build a cabin . 
  this would be your own place , your own location . 
  nobody else would necessarily even be able to find it . 
  that land you claim ? 
  no reason it could n't grow into a small town , run by your guild , if you 're in one . 
  that does n't have to constrain player housing 's creativity . 
  if you build something in a plot in a city it will have to be within the constraints of the existing buildings . 
  but if you claim some land out in the wilderness , well , it 's yours , do what you want with it . 
  still p2w . 
  ` pay to win ' is n't a literal term . 
   well for one we 're talking about osrs right now so for a couple years now bonds have existed . 
  given that i mentioned people playing the game for * over a decade * free-to-play i am obviously not talking about osrs . 
  christ almighty . 
   ... yes you can . 
  once you get bis gear and have killed all of the bosses and completed all of the quests you have in essence completed all of the pve content . 
  skilling content can all easily be completed , which is essentially getting maxed . 
  runescape has always had content that can be separated into pve and pvp content . 
  not 99 in every skill -  not maxed . 
  runescape is n't about getting to max in everything anyway . 
  that 's not the point . 
  doing the content is * fun * even when you 've done it . 
  the myth of ` completion ' in mmos meaning anything is . . just that . 
   sure . 
  but if you do n't release anything new at all eventually its all old stale content . 
  i can only think of a few mmo 's that have been alive for extended amounts of time without any new content at all and they are pretty much dead . 
  dead in terms of player base and routine maintenance only done to ensure the servers stay up . 
  osrs has more content than most mmorpgs have today !, 
  way more content . 
  and by ` osrs ' there i mean the content that was there * on release * . 
  that 's because * everything * is relevant . 
  when you obsolete all the existing content every time you release new content * of course * you need to keep adding content , there 's only ever * one * thing to do . 
  like in wow . 
   all classes on one character . 
  this is worse imo . 
  by a huge margin . 
  it 's not a cult , it 's just an in-group out-group thing . 
  there 's an appeal in having an in-group that you can share in-jokes with . 
  a lot of people do n't have that irl , but they find it on twitch and like it . 
  this poll was conducted before that issue came to light, 
  considering the power bill would have , why would he care about agreeing with winston ? 
  without bill , winston would n't have anything . 
   immigration 's an easy target to blame when things stop going so rosy , so i could see bill bending the knee to it . 
  especially when it 's actually responsible for things not being rosy , yes . 
   they tend to be pretty accurate , unless their estimates of voter turnout are wrong ( see the recent uk election ), 
  the polls for the recent uk election were * incredibly * accurate . 
   or people lie about their voting intention ( see trump , maybe ) . 
  the polls predicted a * strong * possibility of trump winning the election , though . 
  30 % is a very strong probability . 
  just for the sake of argument , what is wrong with being against a misogynistic religion like islam ? 
  that 's not what i mean * at all * . 
  what 's shitty about it is that you do n't have a character . 
  your character ca n't be whatever you want , your character ca n't be two classes at once . 
  you click a switch and your character instantly forgets their previous class and remembers the new class . 
  you click the switch again and they completely forget the new class and remember the old one . 
  if my character knows a wizard spell and a druid spell and can swing a sword , i should n't have to choose which of those things they can do before each fight . 
  i should be able to do * all * of them . 
  no , it does n't . 
  the presence of non-cosmetic microtransactions is universally ( at least outside of this bdo-obsessed cesspool of a subreddit ) considered the hallmark for whether a game is p2w or not . 
  seriously what an awful company . 
  i 'm sick of these awful games filling this subreddit . 
  now their terrible shit is being posted here and it is n't even an mmo * or * an rpg . 
  hmm , neither of which have anything to do with mmorpgs . 
  opinion, 
  stop, 
  and fuck off, 
  i think they should ban cards until intuiton/ak is a viable draw engine in vintage . 
  but this is the wrong subreddit for that discussion . 
  if you comment on youtube that you want him to play it there 's a chance he 'll make a video of himself playing the deck . 
  then you can laugh at his punts,
