  this is based on , as far as i understand , bryant cook 's personal experience only ( he might just be better on the draw ), 
  it 's not a tiny sample size , but it is still just the sample size of one person . 
  all the experience of all magic players ever suggests that the draw is better than the play . 
  for one thing , your opponent can disrupt you a lot more than 1 mana than they can with 0 mana . 
  ( he might just have got lucky or unlucky , this is not a huge sample size and the observed effect is small ), 
  the difference between play and draw is much more pronounced in his data for tes than for ant , and when you say ` storm ' you really always mean ant because that 's the version 99 % of legacy players play when they play storm . 
  and the difference here really makes no sense . 
  statistical data does n't mean anything unless it 's backed up by some mechanism , and what is the mechanism for this ? 
  why would tes be better on the draw when it 's clearly much better against 0 mana than it is against 1 mana ? 
  this does n't take into account what i suggest is the most likely reason : ** game two ** . 
  if you win game 1 , you are very likely to be on the draw game 2 . 
  like , in 99/100 games you will be on the draw in game 2 if you win game 1 . 
  you are more likely to win game 1 if you are better than your opponent , and if you are better than your opponent you are more likely to win game 2 as well , despite being on the draw , not because of it . 
  because you are more likely to be on the draw against people you are better than , because you are more likely to win game 1 against people you are better than . 
  you do n't understand statistics . 
  you absolutely must write this in your own words . 
  unfortunately every mmorpg is almost 100 % combat focused . 
  that 's just not true . 
  objectively . 
  he did n't say he did n't agree with it . 
  he said he did n't know what the problems with ` await ` were . 
  yet they were covered in that paper . 
  so he knows what they are , if he 's read it . 
  i 've been in lp a few times and it 's actually nicer than my normal ranked games . . 
  saying the word ` communism ' is only a ` accusation ' if you think communism is a bad thing . 
  given that we do n't , why take it as one ? 
   the govt and councils are completely useless at doing anything requiring scale and coordination . 
  no they are n't . 
  this is simply propaganda . 
  it 's not true , it 's never been true . 
  it 's not based in fact . 
  it 's just propaganda . 
   not everyone believes labour 's policies benefit the poor more than nationals , nor does everyone believe national benefits the rich more than labour, 
  correct . 
  some people are idiots . 
  imagine what it looked like in 1400 ad , before any humans had set foot here . 
  no i 'm really not . 
  all the research i have looked at indicates maori were in new zealand when white people arrived about as long as white people have now been here . 
   to snarky , sarcastic and pompous ... which is fine for a 7pm current affairs slot, 
  no it fucking is not . 
  john campbell for all of the debates would be most appropriate . 
  a national party member , are you serious ? 
  hi mr. `` richdrich '' obviously-not-a-lawyer , hope you enjoy getting destroyed by the employment relations authority . 
  well yes * with the benefit of hindsight * we can say that he should have been suspended without pay or fired . 
  he should have been . 
  but if that was the policy , then next time someone is n't convicted of something after being stood down for 2 years without pay , we 'll be able to say exactly the same thing in reverse : * with the benefit of hindsight * that person should have been suspended * with pay * . 
  i think it 's better to err on the side of presumption of innocence frankly . 
  * and * everyone knowing what he did . 
  * and * losing his job . 
  * and * losing $ 15,000 . 
  * and * his legal fees . 
  * and * community service for 200 hours , which is never a full-time 40-hour-per-week gig . 
  being suspended from your job is not a holiday . 
  anyone accused of any crime that prevents you from being able to do your job has to go through the same ordeal . 
  it 's far far better for a few people to get what you call a ` paid holiday ' than for anyone to be deprived of income and livelihood for 2 years while someone falsely accuses them of something . 
   he was n't falsely accused . 
  are you retarded ? 
  i 'm talking in general terms . 
  you ca n't decide after the person is found guilty or not guilty whether they should be suspended 2 years earlier and travel back in time . 
  it 's better to err on the side of caution . 
   an employment investigation does n't have to take 2 years and does n't have to be proved beyond reasonable doubt . 
  clearly it does . 
  clearly it does , or it would n't have, 
  \\  poorly received, 
  \\  10 upvotes, 
  stop feeling sorry for yourself, 
  well it is / r/haskell , not / r/scala or / r/functionalprogramming . 
  he 's the only speaker of the house in recent history that is n't the current one . 
  and he was still rather biased towards national while speaker . 
   he resigned , he did n't lose his job . 
  he does n't have his job . 
  therefore he has lost it . 
   he quit instead of being an adult and facing the consequences for his actions which may have been being fired but we do n't know because he bitched out so it 's a hypothetical at this point if he would 've lost his job . 
  lol , quitting is n't being an adult ? 
  what fantasy world do you live in ? 
  it was n't before and it would n't be now . 
  mate , i think you need to do a little more research into what these terms actually mean . 
  lands is somewhere between a combo deck and a prison deck . 
  d&t is just entirely a prison deck . 
  storm and s&s are not tempo decks ... 
   it sounds like your hate boner is more for tnn and terminus than drs and chalice . 
  gsz are fantastic against chalice decks , as are vial decks , and drs is the best mana dork ever printed . 
  i do n't think you actually read any of what i said . 
   terminus and tnn, 
  both had nothing remotely to do with maverick falling off . 
  drs did . 
  end . 
  story . 
   tx is not a ` tempo ' thing . 
  that 's exactly what it is . 
  cutting lands for cantrips is inherently about tempo . 
  you ca n't just build an app for dota . 
  you need to have a proper open api , something valve does n't want to do . 
  and that 's understable . 
  you ca n't just connect a game with an app . 
  as a software developer , yes you can . 
  building a simple app just for simple things like predictions and such is easy , and it would n't just be for ti7 , it would be for all valve events in the future . 
  personally i thought the panel was much better . 
  they did n't waste half the draft talking about their stupid predictions for who would win , they did n't spend the whole time on stupid ` banter ' , they just talked about dota . 
  i 'm there for the dota , not for idiotic ` banter ' .
