  you do n't get to make the choice to make cakes in a discriminatory way . 
  simple as that . 
   in fact you can do it for almost any other stance , if someone asked them to make a cake saying `` there is no god '' or something encouraging divorce they are legally allowed to refuse . 
  well they absolutely , definitely , and certainly should not be allowed to do so . 
  is that an old screenshot ? 
  there was no run button on the minimap in 2007 , and no in-game world map ... 
  i did n't vote for fucking tax cuts . 
  you must be pretty fucking ignorant of history . 
   no it was n't . 
  it was literally a deck where the player assembled the combo and then tried to jam it . 
  you 've never played twin , i guarantee it . 
  nobody ` just tried to jam it ' . 
  that 's not what made the deck good . 
   the combo was only interact able at certain points and if it failed they would just reassemble the combo . 
  if you kill the creature in response to the aura you 2-for-1 them for fuck 's sake . 
   here ... here is the exact primer for the deck . 
  6 . lose because your opponent used their * interactive removal spells * to kill your pestermite . 
  refusing service because of a slogan is bigotry * by definition * , it 's intolerance of disagreeing viewpoints . 
  acting like support for gay marriage and homosexuality are unrelated is asinine . 
  i 'm aware of the 2007 version of the game . 
  i did n't realise they had casualised it so much though . 
  god i hate jagex . . 
  christ that voting system is dumb . 
  you go to their website and see :, 
   who does n't love quality of life updates & bugfixes ? 
  read more ... 
  and, 
   make-all , anyone ? 
  read more ... 
  and, 
   our response to the ongoing graphical client discussion . 
  read more ... 
  and, 
   pest control gets a buff today , a holiday event comes to lumbridge , and non-members can try out members ' worlds for the weekend . 
  read more ... 
  so making the game easier , making the game easier , defeating the whole point of it being 2007-scape ( which was to play that version of the game . 
  not `` not-eoc-scape '' , but the game in 2007 , before runescape hd , because runescape hd was shit ) , and making the game easier by buffing pest control . 
  again , shit game , shit developers , overly casual garbage . 
  ah , bigotry towards the working class . 
  a great way to win them over !, 
  ah , bigotry towards the working class . 
  a great way to win them over !, 
  ah , bigotry towards the working class . 
  a great way to win them over !, 
  ah , bigotry towards the working class . 
  a great way to win them over !, 
  ah , bigotry towards the working class . 
  a great way to win them over !, 
  ah , bigotry towards the working class . 
  a great way to win them over !, 
  ah , bigotry towards the working class . 
  a great way to win them over !, 
   there is a game mode called ultimate ironman where only one player has maxed out his stats by sleeping 4 hours a day for an entire year . 
  the game mode is no banking and no trading with other players . 
  ironman mode is the opposite of what makes mmorpgs good , just like the ge : face-to-face social and economic interaction are the core of the mmorpg experience . 
   i am also looking for a game that is not casual , what do you play seeing you dislike these changes ? 
  i sometimes play rsc , but i mostly play counterstrike and i 'm writing my own rpg atm . 
  the idea that it 's unusual or strange for a government to encourage population growth is an idea that can only be rooted in ignorance of history , given that it is historically common and is common across the world today . 
  you said ` it 's not discriminatory ' . 
  but it is . 
  it 's a decision made because of bigotry , which is what makes it immoral discrimination . 
  i opened up their page on culture and scrolled through . 
  it took me like 2 minutes . 
  i do n't save all the ones that i find distasteful , i just went to their website and spent a couple of minutes going through it . 
  * any * of this divisive identity politics nonsense is too much . 
  i 'm all for equality , but not this sort of tosh . 
   it absolutely was a race based , industry request attempting to reduce the number of asian students . 
  well given that most of the asian students i 've tutored can barely speak or write english , i see no problem with this . 
   it 's fun to see them try to find creative ways to say ` that culture does it wrong ' . 
  yeah , it 's hilarious watching people have to bend their thoughts to the will of the thought police is n't it, 
   and discover that level of collusion is how everyone gets through, 
  correction : you discover that level of collusion is how the stupid people get engineering degrees . 
  by cheating . 
  anyone that cheats at university should be kicked out permanently on the first offence . 
   on the first page it said that the course complied with all articles of the treaty of waitangi . 
  i did n't realise the tow had that broad of a reach !, 
  it does n't . 
  at least , it does n't say that it does . 
  of course , that does n't stop people from trying to interpret it as broadly as possible . 
   all graduates should be biculturally confident and competent . 
  * vomits *, 
  the ping is definitely relevant , i can tell you that as a kiwi . 
   would you support my legal right to get a nazi cake celebrating the holocaust ? 
  celebrating the holocaust is celebrating illegal activity . 
  try to keep up . 
   it 's literally the definition of a jam it deck . 
  even the primer says it . 
  granted if you were playing against control you might hold off , but against dredge , affinity , burn , jund , or infect you can be sure as shit that the twin player ws just going to jam it on turn 3/4 . 
  twin was not an all-in combo deck . 
  it was a tempo-combo deck . 
  if you were playing against * any * fair deck , you do not ` just jam it ' . 
   but against dredge , affinity , burn , jund , or infect you can be sure as shit that the twin player ws just going to jam it on turn 3/4 . 
  well no shit , if two unfair decks are racing then they are going to race . 
  how does that make twin all-in combo ? 
   which you never did unless you knew they were n't playing pact of negation , because st plus pact meant you were dead and the amount of card smoothing they had gave them more reliability in getting those two pacts that many played . 
  nobody played pact of negation in twin , dude . 
  and what a load of crap anyway . 
  are you seriously implying that someone would just not even try to stop themselves from losing , on the off-chance their opponent is playing pact of negation ? 
  seriously ? 
   that 's what made it an awful deck .
