  another example is runescape classic : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uhnrqvtvhbg, 
  rmt is not at all the same thing , come on , dude . 
   you can buy membership to get access ot member areas so you can make more money , then go back to free to play servers to pwn noobs . 
  is n't that p2w in your opinion ? 
  no , of course it is n't . 
  you can go back to free-to-play servers and only can use free-to-play items . 
   they pay to make money faster , isnt that pretty much same thing than just buying money ? 
  that 's just beyond absurd . 
  i will reply tomorrow as it 's currently 1am here, 
  you 're functionally retarded . 
  i am literally a mathematician , i think i know how perspective works . 
  you can not be competitive without spending enormous amounts of money . 
  no , grinding for years to get silver is not viable . 
   with reference to video games the isometric view point is usually considered to be one like albion online . 
  no , it is n't . 
  stupid people sometimes think that it means ` view from above ' , but that 's simply not what it means , nor is it how it is used . 
  you keep on talking about ` weekly rotations ' and ` packs ' and ` dungeons ' and ` bosses ' and you 're just not thinking at all outside the paradigm of the wow clone . 
  ` winning eve ' means ` not playing it ever again ' . 
  it 's a joke . 
   if winning is not defined , how can it be p2w ? 
  p2w has nothing to do with * literally * winning , quite obviously . 
  well it does n't matter if you think it 's too narrow . 
  that 's what it is . 
  what the fuck are you talking about ? 
  use sentences . 
  whether you enjoy it has no bearing on whether it 's pay to win . 
  i enjoy playing osrs , it 's still pay to win . 
  if there 's an inefficient in-game economy that does n't make the game not pay to win either . 
  `` so you can loot their bodies , but the loot is n't worth anything . 
  great . '', 
  you literally said it 's not worth anything . 
   oh , and by the way , competition implies both sides have an equal chance of winning . 
  it certainly does n't imply that they are equal . 
   if you design a dungeon that is literally impossible to beat , that is n't competition . 
  that 's abuse . 
  no it is n't abuse . 
  what kind of drugs are you on ? 
  what is abusive about actually protecting your shit from others ? 
   the problem i see with rs though is the poor combat system mechanics and also the fact there 's no roles , everyone can be everything ( tank , support , meele , ranged , mage , etc ) and  imo < this is something that removes some of the guild vs guild aspect of the game , like you being the best ` mage ' in your guild , so you 'll cast only the most powerful spell ,, 
  osrs 's combat system is at least different from every other game 's wow clone action bar crap . 
  literally just being different is enough to make me tolerate its initial simplicity , even though it gets much more complicated as you get higher level . 
  everyone can be everything , that 's kind of the point , you ca n't be everything at once . 
  runescape does n't have guilds , it has clans , the wow-style guilds just do n't exist . 
  it is n't just a naming convention , the entire idea of wow-style guilds is just not fit for purpose in a game like runescape . 
  no , it should n't . 
  the definition of ` wow clone ' includes basically every modern mmorpg , that does n't mean that it 's wrong . 
  they * are * wow clones . 
  they * are * p2w . 
  no , you do not have access to that gear without spending money . 
  grinding for hours and hours does not count as ` access ' . 
   no , it is n't , because anybody can get that gear . 
  the advantage you get is just not having to grind . 
  that is an advantage . 
  not having to grind is an advantage . 
  it is , in fact , an unfair advantage over other players , who have to grind for it . 
  the result of this is that the grinds get made longer ( and they are very long in albion ) to encourage players to pay to get past them . 
  p2w does n't mean `` you have to spend money to compete '' . 
  it means that you can spend money on non-cosmetics . 
  are you literally fucking retarded ? 
  how many times do you have to be told that rmt is not at all relevant ? 
  in the first case , you are actually working for it . 
  sadly, 
   there is a reason . 
  you mistakes in moba do n't matter much after game . 
  at worst , you 'll lose some elo . 
  it 's not like any mmorpgs have any sort of significant death penalty these days anyway . 
   in mmo , every encounter with mob or hostile player is a separate case . 
  if you fight a lot , players will be exhausted by mechanically demanding fights with every rat 1lv . 
  if you fight occasionally , you wo n't be ready for this rare fight and you 'll need to fill time with non-combat activity . 
  you 'll need to remake half of mmo mechanics to fit in mechanical difficult fights . 
  those mmo mechanics ( which we call ` being a wow clone ' ) : the single character level , the level-range zones , the constant combat , the tacked on professions , etc. 
  * need to be remade anyway * . 
  they 're shit . 
  wow clones are garbage . 
   now add latency and physical disparity of players and you look at developer 's nightmare . 
  if you are saying dota 2 does n't have lag , you 're kind of being silly . 
  those are n't roles . 
  those are positions on the map . 
  and they are n't fixed in dota . 
  maybe in lol . 
  in dota you can have lots of different configurations : 1-2-2 , 1-2-1-1 , 1-1-3 , 3-1-1 , etc. 
   ffxiv is a sub game ( 15 a month ) , has sold base/expansions in 2 year intervals . 
  does this mean the game is p2w ? 
  are you kidding ? 
  surely you must be kidding . 
   balancing . 
  what if you stacks a room with 500 goblins in rs player created content and you just spam sold goblin mails , or with any other game ( i 'm sure there is better money than that ) . 
  500 goblins attacking you at once would kill even a high level player . 
  500 goblins attacking you one by one would be no different from just going to lumbridge where there are already enough goblins that you ca n't kill them faster than they respawn . 
   but if you have a highly geared character in any game , you 'll find the best mobs to put into a square box , and just grind them for the best possible currency per minute , or exp per minute and exploit it . 
  i mean . . 
  i already said that you 'd have to find a way to make sure players could n't just create their own personal grinding spot . 
  in runescape , imo , the best way to do it would be to just not allow slayer tasks to count in this hypothetical expanded poh dungeon , which means it 's not really appealing as a spot for training combat . 
   in wow, 
  wow is broken , though , it 's an inherently broken game mechanically . 
  it scales way too much vertically . 
  horizontal progression is much more fun . 
   i 'm not saying there never will be . 
  i 'm saying you have to consider the inner workings of the game if you want to make this a goal of the game based on my definition of player created content . 
  definitely agree with you .
