  it was non-existent because the government chose to make it nonexistent . 
  they could do so again today if they wanted to . 
   of course , that does n't include women . 
  yes it does . 
  it includes everyone that was seeking a job . 
  they 're an alternative to fuel tax . 
  diesel is untaxed but has ruc instead . 
  the government gives you extra for twins . 
  and it 's more if you get twins last . 
  i know someone that was rather upset that they did n't get it because they had twins then had another one , while someone they knew had one then had unexpected twins . 
  i tried to explain to them that the point was that you had one more child than you expected , and an expected and planned third child is not the same as planning for two and getting three . . 
  but she just got really mad . 
   they could , but i do n't think nzers are going to be voting for the sort of policies that would enable it any time soon ( higher taxes across the board , for one ) . 
  it does not require higher taxes at all . 
   nz also had a production based economy at that time . 
  whether or not many nzers would like our economy to switch back to a production based economy is besides the point , given that many kiwis have ( because they are trying to enter a service base job market ) not developed the skills necessary to be employable in such an economy . 
  again , nothing to do with it . 
  the nature of the work being done has nothing to do with full employment . 
  full employment is just a commitment then government chooses to make . 
  it says ` we value having jobs in the economy more than the extremely slight increase in inflation from additional spending ' . 
  and it would be right to do so . 
  there are plenty of jobs that need doing but are n't economically viable for a company to do . 
  caring for aged people , teacher aides in schools , urban regeneration , etc. 
  the government should be paying the unemployed to work . 
  having unemployed people sitting around doing nothing is an unbelievable waste of labour . 
  assault has nothing to do with legal persons . 
  assault is against * natural persons * . 
  can you assault a company ? 
  the company ** consists ** of people . 
  it is created by and consists of people . 
  rivers do not consist of people . 
  rivers can not have and do not have trustees . 
   there is a reason for the company fiction ( debt protection presuming to encourage risk taking and therefore economic growth ), 
  correction : debt protection to protect the rich from the consequences of their actions . 
  that was the original reason . 
   and a reason for the river personhood fiction ( stakeholder involvement facilitating ecological protection and spiritual involvement ), 
  correction : to placate a loud and angry special interest group . 
   so the government is just going to magically generate the money to pay these people ? 
  or do you support more borrowing to pay them ? 
  our social services are already stretched to the limit thanks to the government which kiwis keep voting for . 
  the government ` magically generates money ' every single time it spends money . 
  everyone currently employed by the government gets their money from what you call ` magic ' and others call the government 's inherent sovereign right to spend its own currency . 
   it absolutely does . 
  if people are trained for jobs that are not needed , then you ca n't just magically create these jobs . 
  yes , you absolutely can . 
   what you are saying is that the ability of the government to employ people does not depend on the amount of money the government has , or the availability of employment . 
  which is absolutely ridiculous . 
  those , to me at least , seem like two incredibly important factors . 
  the government does n't ` have ' money . 
  the government destroys money when you pay taxes and generates money when it pays government employees and pays out contracts it has with private companies . 
  there is no sane economic reason for a government 's budget to be balanced . 
  and in fact , there are very sane economic reasons for it not to be damaged . 
  whenever the government generates a surplus , it is pulling money out of circulation and depriving us of it . 
  this is well-established economics . 
  because nobody has a right to deprive others of their rights on the basis of their religion . 
   yes they are , they are restricted by their cultural dispositions . 
  being restricted by your own stupid beliefs is not at all the same thing . 
   which means you endorse a system in which these people are restricted from using the pool all the time . 
  they restrict themselves . 
  you do not have to make allowances for new new zealanders . 
  frankly , if your religion prevents you from swimming in front of the opposite gender you should not be allowed new zealand residency . 
  you 're clearly incompatbile with nz culture . 
  well then they can set up their own private pool and restrict it however they like . 
  firstly , no that 's not true . 
  it 's always bad . 
  ` it 's good for them ' was used as an argument for apartheid remember . 
  secondly , immigrants are n't disadvantaged . 
  they 're incredibly advantaged . 
  if you are n't comfortable going to a pool and having swimming lessons in front of men , then you should n't be allowed to become a new zealand resident . 
  that 's completely incompatible with nz culture . 
  lawyers do not take a pay cut to become judges lol . 
  that does n't work for teachers though . 
  paying teachers shit all does n't mean we get teachers that do the job out of passion for bettering the nation . 
  it means we get the dregs of society teaching : people that either crave power so much they go into teaching because they know they have power over others , people that simply can not get a job anywhere better ( which is virtually everywhere for anyone with a degree ) and people that really really want to teach and do n't care about the pay . 
   some of them use typescript , which turns a mediocre and frustrating language into a pretty decent programming language . 
  no , it does n't . 
  it turns a mediocre and frustrating language into a mediocre and frustrating language that has a mediocre and frustrating , very unsatisfying type checker . 
   it 's by far the most ubiquitous . 
  it not only runs on macos , windows , ios , and android , it runs on the more obscure platforms like desktop linux , windows phone , most smart tvs , and more . 
  that 's not inherent to the platform . 
   any app is just one link away . 
  someone follows a link to your site , and instantly your app is running , ready to serve them . 
  no install required . 
  what do you think long loading times and loading bars are if not installation ? 
   it 's remarkably backwards-compatible . 
  you can write a modern app that does all sorts of amazing 3-d graphics , real-time audio , and more , and have it degrade gracefully on older browsers . 
  show me one . 
   amazingly complicated things are trivially easy on the web . 
  transform a video in 3-d while it 's playing with just a few lines of css , and it 's buttery smooth in modern browsers . 
  try that with a native app . 
  that 's not really true at all . 
  it 's not smooth in the slightest . 
   it gives users amazing options for extensions and mash-ups . 
  people can create extensions that change the ui of third-party sites . 
  there 's simply no equivalent for apps on other platforms . 
  that is actually useful , although only in theory : i 've never seen it useful in practice . 
  and there * are * many equivalents in the linux desktop . 
   it 's incredibly secure and locked-down considering how rich of a platform it is . 
  java and flash are huge security holes . 
  users are afraid to install native apps on their phones because they have to give up access to their contacts or other sensitive things .
