  i do n't see how delve is connected to flavour at all , frankly . 
  there 's nothing flavourful about delve . 
  delve could be in any set . 
  energy could be in any set . 
  bestow could be in any enchantment-focused set . 
  there are mountains of issues with expeditions , masterpieces and invocations . 
  they are n't just ' $ 100 in every booster pack ' . 
  they remove almost all incentive to crack boosters as the only way you 'll ever actually get value from doing so is if you crack one which is super rare . 
  if you can buy anything that is n't cosmetic , it 's pay to win . 
  disabling inbox replies as i 'm not interested in explaining this again , i 've done it too many times . 
  i do n't want to repeat this point just over and over again , but holy christ that invocation is * bad * . 
  gold cards with * literally zero indication of the colour anywhere on the card * . 
  who thought this was a good idea ? 
  the cards are already gold !, 
  give them a bloody gradient , give them ** something ** . 
  even the fucking mana cost is greyed out . 
  how many times have they said that was a mistake when they did it in mirrodin ? 
  lots , that 's how many . 
   with the real duals not being legal to be reprinted ... 
  it 's perfectly * legal * to reprint them . 
  solemnity is not ` too slow for legacy ' . 
  lots of 3-mana cards are good in legacy . 
  so we should give them a pass for the negative effects of their mistakes because they made some mistakes ? 
  they 're a billion dollar company , they can handle criticism, 
   this is not inherently a bad thing . 
  writing characters your audience can relate to that have interesting/exciting things happen to them that might not happen to such folks irl is a pretty common thing in stories because , at the risk of giving a `` no kidding , sherlock '' statement , audiences tend to find that sort of thing fun to read . 
  it does not become inherently a bad thing based solely on the demographic being represented . 
  jace is not just a relatable character , though . 
  to continue the sherlock theme ( omg #worldofhats = themes existing !!! 11 ) . 
  he 's an incredibly boring , totally obvious and uncreative character designed by marketing based on what they think appeals to young people . 
  he 's not designed to be related to , he 's designed to be * identified with * . 
  it 's like when video game developers have main characters that do n't talk , so that people can ` insert themselves ' , with the idea being that a voice you do n't identify with might put you off identifying yourself with the character . 
  this inevitably leads to bland and boring characters like jace that are designed to be as bland and unoffensive as possible , or just to be stereotypes of your target audience , usually both . 
   `` mary sue '' is a very distinctly defined criticism . 
  it 's a character who shows up in a story and immediately has everything bend their way where everything they do turns out perfectly regardless of how little that makes sense and everyone adores them regardless of how many flaws they happen to have . 
  it 's not synonymous with `` escapist character '' , `` character i think is boring '' , `` any character i do n't like '' , etc. 
  ` mary sue ' is n't * that * strictly defined . 
   a `` world of hats '' is also a very distinct concept . 
  it 's a world where everyone in a world has the exact same culture/personality/needs / wants/etc . 
  it 's a world/race like the klingons where everyone was an angry , honor-bound warrior up until trek tried diversifying things . 
  no it is n't . 
  world of hats means a world that has a narrow , 1-dimensional theme . 
  it does n't mean everyone in the world is identical . 
  tatooine is a world of hats because it 's a giant ` desert planet ' . 
  that does n't mean everyone on the world acts or feels or is the same . 
  it seems to have fairly diverse population . 
  but it 's definitely still a world of hats . 
   so , for instance , amonkhet does fit the concept of a world of hats , but it 's also a case where the plane being a world of hats was presented as a creepy , unnatural thing that was in-universe someone 's deliberate setup change from how things used to be . 
  amonkhet is a world of hats because it 's an entire world with * one city * inside * one desert * . 
  that 's what makes it a world of hats . 
   meanwhile , a world having a theme does n't make it a world of hats . 
  innistrad had a theme of gothic/cosmic horror , for example , but there were still multiple factions and cultures within it . 
  everyone on the world did n't think the same way or behave the same way . 
  innistrad was a world of hats because we only got to look at one continent of it , which was the ` gothic horror continent ' . 
  everything on it was gothic horror , that was the theme . 
  it was one of the most world of hats-y worlds we 've seen , because it was a top-down design . 
  yes there were multiple factions , but that does n't mean it is n't a world of hats . 
   this is why i think maro is right to get irritated at glib snark versus genuine criticism . 
  i do think there can be genuine criticisms to be made , but the glib soundbytes the community gives often are n't those criticisms . 
  maro is never right to get irritated with the people he 's meant to be attracting to the game , retaining as players , and selling products to . 
  there 's nothing about energy as a mechanic that ties it to kaladesh except that it 's literally * called * energy . 
  the name of a mechanic is not the mechanic itself . 
  if it were called ` karma ' nobody would say ` this would fit really well with kaladesh if it were called energy ' . 
  in comparison something like madness is clearly connected to innistrad 's theme . 
  not because of the name ` madness ' being connected to ` horror ' , but because the hand in magic represents your mind , discard represents * losing thoughts * , and madness as a mechanic lets you cast spells that you discard . 
  the worst thing about it is that there 's nothing on this card indicating that it 's blue and red . 
  the mana cost is n't coloured , the frame is pure gold , * nothing * indicates the colour or colour identity of the card on the card . 
  green gets flying . 
  it just gets it regularly . 
  green flying is not a colour pie break . 
  god i hope we get some insane legacy-playable goblin . 
  exile goblin memer from your hand : search target player 's hand , library and graveyard for any number of cards named ` deathrite shaman ' and exile them , then that player shuffles his or her library . 
  draw a card . 
   `` iconic masters '' is meant to spotlight the iconic tribes of each color . 
  have we actually had that confirmed ? 
  ` iconic ' referring to angels , dragons , sphinxes , etc. 
  is n't particularly well advertised . 
  i do n't think many magic players know that wording . 
  really invested players that read making magic and know this sort of terminology are * very * rare among magic players as a whole . 
  they 'll have to be * very * strong on making it clear that sets are related when they get rid of blocks . 
  it 's a good and consistent ruling . 
  spells with no targets getting countered makes sense . 
  i always thought they should just make it that ` target player ' can target a planeswalker . 
  after all , planeswalkers are meant to be players . 
   that things only target if they either say target in the text or the keyword ability used says it in the rules . 
  this is intuitive though . 
  if someone asks ` does this target ' you can just say ` if it says target , it targets , if it does n't , it does n't , that 's always the rule ' . 
  if it were different on a case by case basis your workload would be much higher . 
  yeah the other reason is that this * really * confuses players . 
  nobody expects ` those lands are mountains ' to make them no longer what they were before . 
  ` those creatures are elves ' does n't . 
  this rule should be removed and blood moon should just be given bigger rules text . 
  it would be much more intuitive for players . 
  ` nonbasic lands are mountains and lose all other types and abilities ' would not even be long rules text . . 
  i do n't see how ` and lose all other abilities ' would be so awful . 
  yeah it 's a poorly justified rule . 
  if the card says ` without paying its mana cost ' or ` instead of paying its mana cost ' then you should n't have to pay for trinisphere . 
  alas with a rules manager like tabak you should n't expect things to make sense, 
   mark rosewater has on numerous occasions said that green can only get flying in very special circumstances , such as important cycles that absolutely must fly ( notably dragons ) . 
  green flying without a darn good reason is very much a color pie break .
