  and still is . 
  if you do n't constantly eat food you die . 
  you have to pay attention , eat food , drink potions , etc. 
  to survive . 
   any other way and you dont get any playerbase . 
  only few people would stick if any tiny mistake on any step would punish you hard . 
  where do you get this shit ? 
  do you just make this up on the spot ? 
  do you base these views on any actual material reality ? 
  * the most popular mmorpg of all time uses these mechanics * . 
  they 're far , far more popular than corpse running has ever been . 
   no devs would pull that off in big mmo . 
  gradually increasing skill requirements in world with thousands of different mobs would require insane efforts to balance that out . 
  minmaxers always find some mobs that are not well balanced and provide high reward for low effort . 
  wtf are you talking about ? 
  there 's literally zero balancing involved . 
  if you want to chill out , you go fight things well below your level . 
  if you want to be more efficient , you go fight things that . . well . . are n't . 
  to fight things well below your level , you do n't really need to use abilities . 
  to fight things stronger than you , you need to play very well . 
  to fight things about as strong as you , you need to use abilities but not play perfectly . 
  there 's literally * zero * balancing involved . 
  the player chooses what they want to do . 
  i mean seriously , * this already exists in existing games * . 
  it 's not a * suggestion * . 
  it 's a description of * existing reality * . 
  i assume you have `` goose '' in your name because you are literally a goose then ? 
  yes , obviously . 
  everyone knows this . 
  every control deck that would play jace plays cryptic and snappy . 
   and there 's a difference between staples and every deck shifting to play a card . 
  nothing would ` shift ' . 
  existing blue control decks would play jace , just like they play snapcaster and cryptic command . 
  haha no it 's just much cheaper to employ people in the us, 
  that 's just nonsensical rubbish . 
  you know what else generates crazy amounts of card advantage if it goes unanswered ? 
  * literally every good card in modern * . 
  dark confidant , liliana of the veil , and yes , lingering souls . 
  lingering souls is amazing against jace !, 
  it 's really really good against jace . 
   midrange mirrors usually devolve into a top deck war , and any deck with jace would be better because if they draw it first then they just win the game . 
  well , no , they do not ` just win the game ' and more than drawing liliana first means you ` just win the game ' . 
  you can literally just immediately bolt jace . 
  if they +2 first then they 've paid 4 mana to fateseal you and you can pay 4 mana to do something actually worth 4 mana . 
   planeswalkers are a hard card type to deal with in modern , and midrange decks right now wo n't be able to play a grindy card advantage game against a jace deck . 
  well yes , they will be able to play ' a grindy card advantage game against a jace deck ' . 
  none of what you are saying is based on any actual argument . 
  you 're just stating the same thing over and over again . 
  `` it 's really good , it just wins '' is not an argument . 
  it 's not a reason . 
  it 's not a justification . 
  it 's an irrelevant and unjustified opinion based on it being good in a shitty standard format 6 years ago . 
  are you * seriously * suggesting that you 'd happily play jace into your opponent 's liliana of the veil ? 
  hell no , all that mana on jace wasted as you 'll never be able to keep cards in your hand . 
  there are so , so many ways to kill or deal with jace that it 's just not funny . 
  and even when you play him , he 's good , but he 's not going to just outright win the game . 
  he 's a good card , a good card advantage engine , but he 's ** four mana ** . 
  four mana cards * have * to be extremely good to see play in modern . 
  what other four mana cards are people playing in midrange decks ? 
  virtually none , because despite there being a lot of extremely good 4-mana cards , it 's a huge barrier to play 4 mana cards . 
  modern is a much faster format than legacy and 4 mana just is n't realistic in modern . 
  [ [ swords to plowshares ] ], 
  death 's shadow is not viable in legacy . 
  mtggoldfish changes virtually every day . 
  it does n't show the position in the meta , it shows the position in mtgo leagues which is entirely dependent on what lewiscbr is currently playing . 
   70/30 against is probably close to right , but if you play well and draw well its not unwinnable by any stretch . 
  well fucking obviously ? 
  does that say ' 100/0 ' ? 
  then it 's winnable . 
  70/30 is n't a skewed matchup if you think even slightly probabilistically for a second . 
  no you do n't . 
  it 's a myth that an ` aging native population causes economic contraction ' . 
  what causes economic contraction is concentrating wealth in a tiny portion of the population . 
  we 're richer than we 've ever been at any point in history , by a * gigantic * margin , but if you are n't in the 0.1 % of the population that sees the vast majority of that , you would n't know it . 
  no first world country is incapable of providing for its aging population . 
  they just do n't want to , because they 're in the pockets of the rich . 
  you played death 's shadow in modern for years and that means that swords to plowshares does n't 2-for-1 or 3-for-1 the deck ? 
  being a control deck has nothing to do with whether the deck plays itself though . 
  you 're way , way overrating jace . 
  it 's a great card , but it 's nowhere near as good enough to be banned . 
  if jace were bannable then lightning bolt , fatal push , liliana of the veil , tarmogoyf , snapcaster mage , cryptic command , kolaghan 's command and all the other great cards in modern should be banned . 
  the issue is n't that it ` dies to removal ' but that the most played removal spell in the format easily 2-for-1s you . 
  even if you only have 1 out , the other one in your hand is now unplayable until you lose a bunch more life . 
  blue is a bad colour and you 'd rather play other , better colours . 
  the same reason they do n't currently run snapcaster mage or cryptic command . 
  that literally makes no sense . 
  being ` brainstorm locked ' does n't mean anything . 
  you were going to draw those cards * anyway * even if you did n't cast brainstorm . 
  if you do n't play it , it 's still a 2-for-1 , as the one in your hand ca n't be played . 
  did you start playing last month and think that if something is in the current meta then that 's the way it 's always been and always will be ? 
  ponder is a good card , but it 's not * insane * . 
  that 's my point . 
  it 's not unusual or weird to play no ponders . 
  it 's perfectly normal . 
  it 's not the sort of card you always want in a control deck . 
  in miracles ? 
  yeah of course . 
  but in standstill for example you do n't really want ponder . 
  it 's absolutely not the only data we have . 
  there are lots of sites that take a more long-term view of the meta .
