  if you ca n't run your business without immigrant slave labour how about you fuck off and do n't run your so-called business . 
  they do n't have a skills shortage at all . 
  it 's not ` wages are too low so not enough workers ' . 
  there are enough workers . 
  there are plenty of workers . 
  they 're just * lying * and claiming there are n't any . 
  but there absolutely clearly totally and completely are enough . 
  lovely, 
  it was hyperbole . 
  but it is essentially slave labour when people are indentured to your business because they have a very limited visa . 
   i think there are a lot of people , many of them statisticians , who would take issue with this statement . 
  a couple of very ignorant people might take issue with my statement , but they are wrong . 
  there is * zero * empirical evidence that there is any real way of measuring teachers ' performance . 
   you would n't happen to be a teacher , would you ? 
  or one of your parents maybe ? 
  and screw you . 
  people are allowed to disagree with you without being biased , arse . 
   overseas debt repayments, 
  we do n't need to borrow money from overseas . 
  there 's nothing there that indicates it takes population growth into account . 
  it says inflation-adjusted , nothing more . 
   in 2008 a little thing called the global financial crisis started . 
  firstly , it ended a couple of years later , but the graph has stayed essentially flat . 
  secondly , the graph really flattens off in 2010-2011ish , not during the gfc but after it . 
   new zealand equips every child with the digital technology skills needed to be safe and successful in a digital world through comprehensive digital technology education, 
  as long as this actually means that , i.e. 
  it actually involves talking about online safety and it is n't interpreted as ` everyone should learn to program ' . 
   new zealand is recognised as a world leader in equipping its citizens for the changing economy , through in-work training , career transition support , and public sector leadership in the use of new technologies . 
  this does n't actually work . 
  you ca n't magically make people capable of working in it through ` training ' . 
  it just does n't work . 
   new zealand remains open for business , welcoming genuine skilled migrants in areas of strong need in the digital and technology sector while significantly improving the process of matching the skills of potential immigrants with areas of un-met need . 
  this actually means ` nz remains open to hordes of unskilled migrants that claim they are skilled because they have minimal it skills from terrible indian schools ' . 
  the tech industry does n't want genuine skilled migrants , it wants cheap labour . 
   new zealanders have affordable access to reliable , high-speed internet , coupled with the skills and equipment to use it . 
  as part of this , there should be parity between urban and rural areas with regards to speed/quality and cost . 
  unrealistic and stupid . 
  it will never be reasonable for low-density areas to have fibre . 
   new zealand is recognised as having one of the most digitally savvy economies in the world , with tech product and service exports being our top export sector . 
  the majority of new zealand businesses either sell or engage in business online . 
  would be nice , but ultimately unrealistic . 
  you ca n't just flip a switch and make everyone a software developer . 
   new zealand continues to be a world leading nation to do business in and with whilst maintaining privacy and data security . 
  this is achieved through a world leading approach to cyber security including education , policy and preparedness . 
  we 'd need privacy first , before we could maintain it . 
   new zealand develops world leading technology by increasing the proportion of digital tech related public research and improving indirect incentives for industry r&d . 
  `` give us money to do r&d , as long as we do n't actually have to do real r&d and can just call everything we do r&d '' . 
  this was the problem with the last r&d scheme and it 's the problem with callaghan . 
  most software companies in nz do not do much ( if any ) real r&d , they just want to call all their software engineering work ` r&d ' to get government money . 
   new zealand develops a transparent framework for buyers and sellers through government wide prequalification standards and low cost , easy to use procurement processes . 
  `` the government should hire the cheapest options for every job because that 's always turned out well in the past * cough * novapay * cough * '', 
   new zealand fully embraces open standards and provides a level playing field for technology in general , and it services in particular . 
  this one is reasonable , although standards always run the risk of just being a codification of what the existing market players do , creating barriers to entry for new market players . 
   new zealand continues to be recognised internationally as a bastion for privacy , a country which values and protects the privacy of its citizens through policy whilst still allowing economic growth . 
  we do n't have privacy now . 
   new zealand embraces online digital tools to provide efficient , consultative and inclusive policy-making process or allowing for rapid updating of legislation . 
  terrible idea . 
  the executive is already incredibly strong , and making more of our laws being able to be changed by the executive would be awful . 
  write the law properly the first time , do n't take the ` we 'll patch it later ' approach these awful software companies use . 
   new zealand establishes a dedicated , ministry for the future , focusing on positioning new zealand and all government agencies and society to take best advantage of a technologically enabled future . 
  more like ` focusing on ways to give us more money to do what we already do ' . 
  if you ever use github for other things , then if you follow them on github , you 'll see their changes in your feed when you use github . 
  or it could just be restored , which would n't even be that expensive . 
  east germany could fucking rebuild dresden , why ca n't we restore one building in christchurch without having to have a fucking ` business case ' for it ? 
  it will be restored and used as a cathedral . 
  it 's a cathedral . 
  that 's what cathedrals are for . 
  sorry but religious people have n't ceased to exist . 
  it 's not a church , it 's a cathedral . 
  they would use the cathedral if it were there , they just do n't want to spend the money to fix it . 
  the gcsb can and does spy on everyone 's communications . 
  the gcsb can and does collaborate with the australian , canadian , american and british governments to invade the privacy of each others ' citizens . 
  well it 's because taxation is about pushing certain behaviours . 
  it 's considered fair to encourage everyone to have one house , but not fair to encourage people to have more than one house , and also not fair to discourage people from having any houses . 
  people want the government to encourage everyone to have a house , but do n't want the government to encourage people to have multiple investment properties . 
   ah , so teaching is an entirely unquantifiable profession . 
  sounds awfully silly then , we should probably abolish it , since there 's no way of knowing if it actually works or not . 
  idiot . 
  i did n't say it was unquantifiable . 
  but the fact is that nobody has a good way of measuring teacher performance . 
  no , test results are not a good way of measuring teacher performance . 
   the purpose of the imputed capital gains tax being advocated for in the article is to balance the tax system which is presently driving certain behaviours ( it encourages investment into existing housing stock ) . 
  you can call it ` balancing ' if you like . 
  it does n't really matter what you call it . 
  a cgt would be designed to alter behaviour . 
   the aim is reduce tax considerations as a factor in people 's investment decisions . 
  no the aim is to change tax considerations as a factor in peoples ' investment decisions , which is what would happen . 
   historic attempts to guide behavior by tinkering with tax policies have been unsuccessful as the government is often pretty bad at picking winners . 
  tell that to excise taxes or r&d tax credits . 
   cheers - i would n't consider capital gains tax on a house as any disincentive to ownership, 
  but it is , though . 
  people really hate this , but the reality is that the ` family home ' is still an investment . 
  yeah i get it , people want home ownership to be part of being a kiwi , but the reality is that it 's an investment choice . 
  many people want to think of the rise in prices over time as just as nice factor of a personal choice , but it 's an investment choice . 
   except possibly for those wanting to buy/sell/buy as a means of bettering their standard of home and/or bank balance but even then it would simply become a factor in their strategy, 
  every house is an investment property , though . 
  buying a house is an investment . 
  living in it does n't make it not an investment . 
  people should accept that imo . 
  that 's why they do n't want cgt on owner-occupied houses , though .
