  the government loves it when they have hundreds of millions of dollars in free extra interest because people wait for ages to get their tax refunds . 
   the problem comes from how the bureaucratic government squanders it, 
  like what ? 
  what are you a fucking economist or something ? 
  you pay capital gains tax on capital * gains * . 
  if you buy a car for $ 10,000 and sell it in 10 years for $ 100,000 ( because after selling it to you they immediately stopped selling them and it became a collector 's item or something , who knows ) you pay capital gains tax ( say 20 % ) on $ 90,000 capital gains , * not * on the full $ 100,000 . 
  if you buy a car for $ 5,000 , then sell it the next year for $ 4,000 , you have had a capital * loss * . 
  they dropped the top tax rate more . 
  dropping all the tax rates sounds fair on everyone , but it is n't . 
  dropping the lowest tax rate affects everyone equally , everyone gets the same benefit from it . 
  dropping them all gives a much bigger helping hand to people making  $ 70,000 / yr . 
  most trade in the modern world is not about physical goods , and shipping physical goods around is fucking cheap anyway . 
  if you eat more ice cream you 'll get more tub * by * . 
   this is just not true . 
  i will make a post with the numbers , but this is a common trope in this sub that holds no weight in the data . 
  it 's plainly true . 
   having balanced government books over an economic cycle ( a labour policy ) is extremely valuable . 
  just ask greece , italy , spain , portugal , even the us what happens when you run deficit after deficit for years . 
  nothing at all . 
  the us 's economy is completely fine , greece italy and spain have totally different issues . 
   deficits represent present gain for future spending , i.e. 
  burdening the younger generation with future higher taxes . 
  i would have thought a labour voter would recognise the younger generation has been burdened enough already . 
  not at all true . 
  stop promoting lies . 
  why would spending more than the government taxes make taxes higher in the future ? 
  that 's never been true at all time in all of history . 
  unless you 're suggesting that we finance our spending by borrowing $ us or something , which would be completely retarded given we control our own currency . 
   again , not true . 
  the data is there for all to see : nz is one of the fastest growing economies in the oecd . 
  only if you do n't take into account that we have ludicrously high immigration skewing the figures . 
   i find it incredible the repeated picking on chinese people . 
  what about indians and brits , the other two major categories . 
  indians outnumbered the chinese every year for the past three years of high immigration . 
  it was just an example . 
  stop pretending you know anything about anything . 
  you * are * talking about essential services * because that 's where the overwhelming majority of the budget goes * . 
   in new zealand , most international trade absolutely is about physical goods . 
  because of successive governments ignoring that we 're a long way from anywhere else and that trying to ship things overseas is a bit of a burden we do n't need . 
   imagine getting a 17 % payrise . 
  would you think , `` that 's not very much '' ? 
  because that 'd be the effect of eliminating transportation costs . 
  it would be bugger all compared to the gains in productivity we 've had over the last few decades that have n't been reflected in wages . 
  where did i say anything about selling goods ? 
  we 're talking about * people * buying an asset , having it appreciate , and paying tax on the gains when they sell it . 
  this has nothing to do with buying and selling goods for the purpose of making income . 
   and that 's clearly not fair . 
  why should a person be denied the same deduction that a business takes advantage of . 
  you do n't understand the distinction . 
  i did n't say ' a company 's expense ' i said ' a business expense ' i.e. 
  an expense for the purpose of generating income . 
  if you buy stationery for yourself to use for the purpose of making an income ( for example , for drawing artwork that you sell as a way of making money ) then you * absolutely can * treat those as business expenses . 
  you are n't buying a car for the purpose of generating an income , you are buying a car for the purpose of getting around . 
  getting to work is n't working , before you suggest that , or you 'd be paid by your employer for driving to work . 
   and that income is not taxed as a capital gain . 
  that is taxed as a business income and is subject to income tax . 
  that 's literally what i said . 
  if you are flipping cars then you pay income tax on your income and can offset your business expenses against your business revenue to determine your business income . 
   see above . 
  it 's not fair that a business gets to deduct all of their expenses from their revenue and a person does n't . 
  buying a family car is n't a business cost , it 's a personal cost . 
  if you buy a car for the purpose of generating income then you * do * get to deduct the depreciation from your income . 
  if you rent a car for business purposes then you * do * get to deduct the costs of renting it from your income . 
  you 're interpreting this as ` people ' getting one set of rules and ` businesses ' getting another . 
  but you 're confusing ' a business ' with ` business ' . 
  your ** personal ** expenses are n't tax deductible , nobody 's * capital * expenses are tax deductible , but * expenses for the purpose of generating income * i.e. 
  * business expenses * are tax deductible both for companies and individuals . 
   technically you should be . 
  technically you are required to report that income to the ird . 
  nobody does but the law says you have to . 
  no you should n't . 
  you ca n't offset buying a car against your income for income tax , you do n't have to pay income tax on the money you get from selling a car . 
  sdt was only really useful for the kills using lab man , which was the easymode way to win for people that did n't know the deck properly . 
   brightest minds in the room was merely a counter appeal to your appeal to authority ( you 're a masta of self driving cars ) . 
  i stated something based on my own experience . 
  that 's not an appeal to authority . 
  instead of making stupid comments , how about you respond to what i actually said ? 
  to reiterate , they 're unsafe , unreliable , they require a human driver behind the wheel anyway and they have only worked properly on roads that have been mapped * far * more accurately than any other roads in the world , specifically a few motorways in san francisco . 
  motorways are the easiest roads for computers to drive on as well , because they 're straight , there are no turns , there 's fantastic visibility , etc. 
  `` that 's how you tank your economy '' is the sort of thing people say when they 've done a single economics course at university and then think they know everything about economics . 
  ` foreign investment ' has never , ever been proven to have any positive effects . 
  it is promoted by the neoliberal agenda because when you pretend that foreign investors have a positive impact you can pretend that modern imperialism in africa is for their own good !, 
  we 're only ` investing ' in africa , see !, 
  we 're not stealing all their natural resources , stealing their land , stealing their property . 
  no no no , we 're investing !, 
  china is just * investing * in farms , silly . 
  they 're totally not taking over huge quantities of nz farmland every single year , they 're just ` investing ' . 
  your link has absolutely nothing to do with immigration . 
  correction : tes is bad , it never puts up results outside of the hands of * one guy * in the scg opens , and it 's an irrelevant untiered deck everyone should stop suggesting to people . 
  your argument makes no sense . 
  alcohol is a drug and therefore economics is a science ? 
  what ? 
  i understand you 're trying to make my argument look bad because it can be used to argue that alcohol is n't a drug or something , but you completely twisted my argument . 
  firstly , i did n't say ` economics is not a science ' again , i said that it was n't scientific . 
  it was n't a restatement of my claim , it was a justification . 
  trying to parody my argument would use something like ` alcohol does not affect the human physiological system ' which is clearly untrue , while ` economics is not scientific ' is clearly true . 
  secondly , i did n't use an inane justification like ` it is not regulated under the science act ' or something . 
  * clearly * something can be a drug regardless of the misuse of drugs act . 
  it 's also * very * clear that the scientific method is an absolute cornerstone of science . 
  it defines science .
