  the people that have n't developed a sense of empathy or understanding of others are the people that vote for a tiny tax cut at the expense of everyone else . 
  because this country is a complete failure, 
  yeah it 's awful . 
  every time i go to write rust code , i find myself writing code in that awful way . 
  fn foo ( ) -  result < t , e  {, 
  it 's just shit . 
  it 's a shit pattern . 
  i nearly always want to propagate the error . 
  i nearly always want an exception , in other words . 
  this is basically just checked exceptions . 
  you were the one that asked a stupid leading question because you had lost the argument . 
   it 's a foregone conclusion they will eventually . 
   they 've campaigned on cgt and the last two working groups have recommended a cgt . 
  they 've stated clearly they are n't going to introduce a cgt . 
   they 've promised not to raise taxes this cycle , but you can bet your horses it 'll come . 
  so do n't vote for them next time , then ? 
  vote for national and their fucking disgusting smear tactics , awful underfunding of public services , and shitty corruption , if you prefer that . 
   everyone is entitled to a political opinion . 
  sure . 
   just because yours is different to someone else does n't make you superior in any way . 
  it 's not * superior * . 
  my political views do n't make me better , they make me * not a self-centred cunt * . 
  unless you think that being a self-centred cunt is bad ? 
  i do , personally . 
  i do n't care if you think i 'm ` mature ' . 
  how does bloodrage interact with blademail now ? 
  i know it 's changed at least once ... 
  popping bkb against a blink-ravage * on the stage of ti * is still a pro move . 
  the difference betweens pros and pubstars has never been mechanical skill . 
  it 's about keeping your cool , not getting flustered , etc. 
  the best pubstars are more mechanically skilled than many pros , but they are n't pros , because being a pro is a totally different ballgame in terms of communication , teamwork , strategy , etc. 
  not interested in a ` facts-based discussion ' , because the facts are n't up for discussion . 
  voting for labour is correct . 
  voting for national is not . 
  for those that ca n't tell , we already do all of these things . 
  oh yeah definitely . 
  it 's worth using the console to simulate different pings , it makes a huge difference to your reaction time . 
  vanguard builds into abyssal , though . 
  boots were * super * buffed , they used to cost 500 . 
  i do n't know what 's unimpressive about wraith band ... 
  485g for +3 strength , +6 agility , +3 intelligence , +3 attack damage . 
  pms gives +6 agility ... that 's it . 
  the block is pretty shit . 
  in new zealand . 
  you are entitled to time off work to vote , legally , in new zealand . 
  not actually a public holiday , but always a weekend . 
  and we get a week to vote . 
  there are plenty of pubstars at very high mmr ( 9k + level ) that simply do not have what it takes to become professional players , but are more mechanically skilled than a lot of professional players . 
   they have since come out saying there will be no new taxes this election cycle , so they have pushed any results of the working group out until the 2020 election . 
  why would take father 's rights with a grain of salt ? 
  there will certainly be a majority consensus on who to vote for in new zealand as a whole if national keeps opening the floodgates . 
   but on the other we have never seen immigration on this scale . 
  until about 5 years ago nz only saw an increase of around 20,000 extra immigrants per year , which was sustainable at the time . 
  but it was n't . 
  it was far too high then . 
  now it 's ridiculous . 
  why should n't we ? 
  the people in australia are paying the same taxes as australians . 
  why should n't they get the same public services ? 
  if there are too many new zealanders , they should reduce the numbers , not just tell them all to fuck off . 
  at least act can justify their love of immigration ideologically . 
  they are a liberal party in every way . 
  they 're socially liberal , economically liberal , and liberal on immigration . 
  they * believe * in open borders , they * believe * in low tax , they * believe * in the market . 
  national have no fucking excuse . 
  i 'm not saying they ca n't . 
  what a stupid argument . 
  i 'm saying that there 's no reason they could n't . 
  and in fact , they have signed treaties with new zealand . 
  we 're supposedly close nations , brothers in arms . 
  that comes with obligations on both sides . 
  except the oldest generations are voting national and nzf . 
   how to interpret what is hole is open to interpretation . 
  while there are lots of significant increases in expenditure are sure in labour 's fiscal plan , their tax policy is still uncertain , or at least as she promised no new taxes till 2021 . 
  where does the money come from , how much cgt can you get is still uncertain , so does cancelling negative gear , you thought it would be huge , but what if in fact it is not . 
  so it would have a huge impact on operating allowance , in that case budget is easier to blowout . 
  false . 
  there is no hole . 
  that 's objective , undeniable fact . 
   i do n't know the details of that case and i do n't really care . 
  bill english lied to the police and intervened in police activities for political reasons . 
  but that 's okay , right ? 
   jian yang clearly stated those educational experience in his cv , and he never denied those when being asked , thus the ft journalist can show you the voice record , the only thing make you to think that it is a big deal is that he is chinese , and you never talk to chinese community . 
  he lied on his citizenship application ( or residency , ca n't remember ) . 
  either way , illegal . 
  his citizenship should be stripped . 
  that 's the legal punishment for doing what he has already * admitted to doing * . 
   it has been a hot topic everywhere , there could n't be child poverty under current system , if you insist , i will call it irresponsible parenting , they give birth to children merely to collect more money from msd then do n't spend them on kids . 
  get out of your school try have kids or at least talk to people in that condition instead of manipulated by emotional words from the media . 
  i have been dealing with several families like that , i can not believe how much they can get . 
  i also have my kid last year , i feel the supports from both community and gov are way beyond my expectation , it is a lovely country with lots of lovely people . 
  that 's just not true ... 
   yes . 
  accuracy is good . 
  but unless we actually do diversify from dairy our other industries , particularly tourism on which we are equally if not more reliant , will suffer . 
  no one 's gon na come to clean green nz to swim in polluted rivers and watch a cow shit in a stream . 
  also tourism is a fucking shit industry . 
  it sucks . 
  it 's basically the worst possible way we could make money . 
  it dries up in economic crises , exactly when we need our economy to be resilient .
