  58 seats in fpp does n't get you the government , why would it get you the government in mmp ? 
  he lied on his citizenship application because the chinese government told him to . 
  if he does n't go with anyone , then we 'll have to have another election , and he 'll definitely lose enough votes to go under 5 % . 
  that would be him going with national . 
   's actually more representative of of the democrat result , even if i do n't like it . 
  no it is n't . 
  they 're both representative of more than half the population . 
  ` labor ' does n't exist . 
   i understand that he represents right wing populism , sort of like trump , le pen, 
  you understand incorrectly . 
   adern 's proposed taxes on farmers ( water , carbon ) have made her incredibly unpopular in the regions ( and i think cost her a lot of support ) . 
  she is 100 % urban in focus . 
  ` regions ' does n't mean ` farmers ' . 
  labour is popular in regional new zealand . 
   the only way labour can win is if everyone ( with seats ) joins them . 
  labour do n't need national or act . 
   edit : fun fact of the day , 39 % of eligible voters did not vote . 
  wrong . 
  does n't matter . 
  it is n't fpp . 
   radical changes are reckless . 
  no , radical changes are necessary . 
  our system is broken . 
   even bill english was boasting about stability , and businesses , exports , global markets rely on stability . 
  * even * bill english ? 
  who else would ` boast ' about stability ? 
   rest of your post, 
  fptp is not the american system . 
   because the majority of the country does n't want significant change , that 's the point of meaningful representation, 
  no , because mmp makes it impossible to have meaningful change . 
   mmp does result in change , just change that is more suited to the majority of nzers, 
  no , mmp results in maintaining the status quo . 
  it does n't affect fiend 's grip . 
  it gives brain sap 1.5 s cd . 
   imagine you 're a cosmopolitan who likes transport choice . 
  these are the only things you care about . 
  voila , you are someone for whom labour and national , in this election , were both completely evil . 
  if those are the only things you care about then * you * are evil . 
  you are evil because you do n't care about underfunded healthcare , starving kids with no school lunches , or a corrupt government in the pockets of farmers and the chinese government . 
   this was a truly awful election for a lot of people , largely because many of labour 's policy positions do not fit well with labour movement or identity or green leftism and even more of national 's do n't . 
  do n't forget that . 
  that 's just blatant rubbish . 
  labour 's policy positions are classic labour party positions , classic social democratic positions . 
  euthanasia has nothing to do with act . 
  it 's a public issue . 
  it was a lie . 
  he deliberately withheld relevant information . 
  it 's entirely illegal to not disclose on your citizenship application that you worked for the intelligence services of another country . 
  good job ignoring like a complete mong all the special votes . 
  it makes an enormous difference . 
  choosing between corrupt , arrogant , incompetent national ministers and labour . 
   if they felt act really did represent them best , why not party vote them as well ? 
  because party voting act is pointless if they 're going to overhang . 
   cabinet dominates the ruling party which means that caucus is an ineffective check on the party leadership . 
  lol , stop parroting geoffrey palmer . 
  this is just nonsense . 
   i think we should have 200 mps and have stv with a variable electorate size . 
  the m\u0101ori electorates might have only 2 mps each , whereas the big urban electorates could have maybe up to a dozen . 
  the first and most important change we should make is getting rid of maori electorates . 
  having any stv electorates with fewer than 4 people is terrible . 
  you can not have a government unless the majority of mps vote that they have confidence in the prime minister . 
  either new zealand first votes yes to that vote , for either bill english , or jacinda ardern , or winston peters , or we do n't have a government . 
  a ` minority government ' would still have the support ( confidence and supply ) of new zealand first . 
  regional does n't mean rural , and it does n't mean farming . 
  dunedin is part of the regions . 
  everywhere is that is n't part of auckland , wellington and christchurch . 
   a broader range of political ideas in the mix is better . 
  you do n't have to be in parliament to influence discussion . 
   mmp tends to suppress dissent within the major parties, 
  which is why we should have fptp, 
   but national + nz first would be representative of more than half the population if you want to view it simply based on numbers . 
  and ? 
  what does that have to do with anything ? 
  lab+grn+nzf and nat+nzf are both majority coalitions . 
   also remember the context of my original post ... 
  i am mostly saying i did not vote for pm winston and dont want him as prime minister . 
  too bad, 
   it does n't always have to be . 
  it always is , and i think it does always have to be . 
  the result of the election is who is the government much more than who is the parliament . 
  we have ` winner takes all for executive branch ' as well . 
  senate does n't care about majority , it cares about 60 % . 
  and this is why national is n't going to cut immigration . 
  this is why we need to ban people from voting until they are citizens and have lived here for 10 or more years as citizens . 
  * and * make citizenship far harder to get . 
  you do n't have to be a kiwi to be a citizen . 
  they should be synonyms . 
  yes , we need to make it far harder . 
  did you actually read the comment ? 
  on the supply side she committed to a streamlined visa category for participants in the kiwibuild scheme ( right now it is possible to get tradies a work visa but the regulations are extremely onerous so we get next to none at the moment ) and the government building houses , using the government 's privileged position to get through regulation/restriction/red tape . 
  on the supply side she committed to a streamlined visa category for participants in the kiwibuild scheme ( right now it is possible to get tradies a work visa but the regulations are extremely onerous so we get next to none at the moment ) and the government building houses , using the government 's privileged position to get through regulation/restriction/red tape . 
  on the supply side she committed to a streamlined visa category for participants in the kiwibuild scheme ( right now it is possible to get tradies a work visa but the regulations are extremely onerous so we get next to none at the moment ) and the government building houses , using the government 's privileged position to get through regulation/restriction/red tape . 
  on the supply side she committed to a streamlined visa category for participants in the kiwibuild scheme ( right now it is possible to get tradies a work visa but the regulations are extremely onerous so we get next to none at the moment ) and the government building houses , using the government 's privileged position to get through regulation/restriction/red tape . 
  on the supply side she committed to a streamlined visa category for participants in the kiwibuild scheme ( right now it is possible to get tradies a work visa but the regulations are extremely onerous so we get next to none at the moment ) and the government building houses , using the government 's privileged position to get through regulation/restriction/red tape . 
  on the supply side she committed to a streamlined visa category for participants in the kiwibuild scheme ( right now it is possible to get tradies a work visa but the regulations are extremely onerous so we get next to none at the moment ) and the government building houses , using the government 's privileged position to get through regulation/restriction/red tape . 
  on the supply side she committed to a streamlined visa category for participants in the kiwibuild scheme ( right now it is possible to get tradies a work visa but the regulations are extremely onerous so we get next to none at the moment ) and the government building houses , using the government 's privileged position to get through regulation/restriction/red tape . 
  on the supply side she committed to a streamlined visa category for participants in the kiwibuild scheme ( right now it is possible to get tradies a work visa but the regulations are extremely onerous so we get next to none at the moment ) and the government building houses , using the government 's privileged position to get through regulation/restriction/red tape . 
  on the supply side she committed to a streamlined visa category for participants in the kiwibuild scheme ( right now it is possible to get tradies a work visa but the regulations are extremely onerous so we get next to none at the moment ) and the government building houses , using the government 's privileged position to get through regulation/restriction/red tape . 
  on the supply side she committed to a streamlined visa category for participants in the kiwibuild scheme ( right now it is possible to get tradies a work visa but the regulations are extremely onerous so we get next to none at the moment ) and the government building houses , using the government 's privileged position to get through regulation/restriction/red tape . 
  on the supply side she committed to a streamlined visa category for participants in the kiwibuild scheme ( right now it is possible to get tradies a work visa but the regulations are extremely onerous so we get next to none at the moment ) and the government building houses , using the government 's privileged position to get through regulation/restriction/red tape .
