  we choose to do that . 
  we could choose not to . 
  it 's a tradeoff . 
  there are good reasons to borrow foreign currencies and sell bonds . 
  there are good reasons not to . 
   the only exceptions would be if the government is selling assets or drawing down cash reserves . 
  the government can not physically have ` cash reserves ' , at least of new zealand dollars . 
  when the government taxes , that money disappears . 
  it does n't get transferred to the government , it ceases to exist . 
  when the government spends , money is created . 
  the treasury can write down a number on a sheet and say ` this amount is some money we 're going to write down and call cash reserves ' but it does n't actually make any sense to do so . 
  if it 's just sitting there , not being spent , then it is n't part of the economy , it does n't exist in any real sense . 
  if it 's invested into the economy then it 's not cash reserves . 
  that 's quite unlike you or i. 
  we can hold cash reserves , because we do n't destroy cash by earning or make cash by spending . 
  that 's what integration is . 
  integrating into our culture , into our society . 
  i have no idea what you think integrating means ... 
  it 's literally '' -2 + 2 = 2 '' . 
  what does integration mean to you then ? 
  because to everyone else , it absolutely * does * mean dissolving into our society . 
  that 's the * whole point * , that they become kiwis , indistinguishable from other kiwis . 
  why would i ? 
  what i said made perfect sense if you actually knew anything about economics . 
   thats just what certain kiwis expect . 
  it 's what integration means . 
   personally i see integration as working within our society while keeping your own idiosyncrasy . 
  so you mean ` residency ' . 
  that 's not what most people mean . 
   every migrant will change our society a little as they integrate into and thats ok . 
  of course it is . 
  as long as we do n't get 70k foreign immigrants a year . 
   personally i think nz has always been a little racist and regressive, 
  no colonial country has been as progressive with natives as nz ... 
   i am looking forward to that changing as more migrants arrive, 
  if you think a whole lot of chinese people or indian people is going to * reduce * racism you 're in for a big surprise . 
  they 're far more racist than new zealanders are , on the whole . 
   dont get me wrong , i am all for limiting migration to specific people we want as a nation , i just think you need to look at how you judge who is `` best '' for nz . 
  because in my experience indians , sri lankans , chinese and koreans have always integrated the best . 
  again , i have no idea what you mean by integration when you say this . 
  in what way do chinese people integrate the best ? 
  why would the government require foreign cash reserves for imports ? 
  the government does n't import things , you and i do . 
  the government does n't import much . 
  there 's also http://www.private-eye.co.uk/registry . 
  good read , that . 
  looks like they managed to foia their way to the data , but in nz `` the data is n't recorded '' is a good rejection reason for an foia request ... 
  lots of land owned by mod too . 
  problem with this is that , for example , christchurch as a city did n't exist before it was called christchurch , right ? 
  it 's not like there was a maori settlement called otautahi that could legitimately be called the same thing as christchurch ... 
   charging others more due to their financial success is the right thing to do . 
  because that 's not what it is . 
  someone needs to pay for government services , and the government services are necessary . 
  it 's better to get people that have plenty of spare money to pay for it than nobody at all . 
   we also need to consider wider values than monetary ones . 
  any assessment of outcomes which is devoid of values is incomplete and surely creates highly arbitrary outcomes . 
  and it 's just morally wrong . 
  it does n't matter if it produces good or bad outcomes , it 's just heinous in and of itself . 
   you 're wrong . 
  if you think people speaking another language at home is some way to prove your point , i think you 've lost all credibility . 
  how is someone a kiwi if they do n't even speak english at home ? 
   have you actually met any of these people , gone to their homes and talked to them ? 
  you 're totally right , i have n't met every single immigrant in nz and therefore i do n't know anything about them . 
   your insistence that people from the ` australia/europe ' integrate better feels like you just like them more because they 're white and they 've eaten fish and chips before . 
  no , it 's because they actually integrate better , something i 've explained several times . 
  i 've asked you multiple times what you define ` integrates ' as that justifies the view that chinese people integrate better than brits or aussies . 
  i still do n't have an answer . 
  i think you 'll find nz just stood up for not randomly amending laws in completely unrelated ways in the middle of other bills . 
  this is a good thing . 
  bills should be self-contained . 
  right , but repealing blasphemy as a crime should be a conscience vote on a new bill . 
  this is meant to be for entirely uncontroversial stuff . 
  bonds are completely unrelated . 
  that 's really odd . 
   it is n't like my vote individually matters to labour or national . 
  yes it does . 
  every vote matters . 
  he 's not ` breaking from left vs. right ' though . 
  it 's pretty firmly just centre-left ... 
   labour 's anti immigration stance is disgraceful , a desperate attempt to ride a global wave of nationalist populism at the expense of an underrepresented minority . 
  what ? 
  25 % of our population are immigrants . 
  hardly a tiny minority . 
  and labour 's anti-immigration stance is about restricting immigration to where it makes sense and is useful . 
  nz first , labour and greens are all not anti-immigrant . 
   whoever has the best policy the day of the election with regards to ; policing numbers , housing crisis , and auckland 's infrastructure problems . 
  so absolutely not national then , given they 've had 10 years to solve these and have made them all worse ? 
  ` sharing economy ' ? 
  fucking ridiculous . 
  ` abuse of contractors ' economy . 
   nz first consistently singles out immigrants by country of origin and ethnicity . 
  because , you guessed it , peoples country of origin actually does have an impact on how they behave and who they are . 
   labour has done the same thing at times ( chinese names debacle for one ) . 
  that was about * foreign * ownership . 
  immigrants are residents by definition . 
  that 's not true though . 
  your vote is the same proportion of a list seat no matter who it goes to . 
  voting for parties that are likely not to make the threshold is a genuinely wasted vote . 
   selling tvnz ? 
  very left-wing , tvnz is not a public service broadcaster .
