average mmo team is like 200 for starting an mmo . 
  average budget is like $ 60million . 
  for aaa games , regardless of genre . 
  there 's nothing special about mmorpgs that makes being aaa mandatory . 
   i 'm developer and mathematician . 
  for a couple years i have been developing ideas for an mmo and put them in pratice , each one isolated of each other . 
  are you literally me ? 
  tutor at uc . 
  $ 34/hr but not many hours . 
  they technically pay you $ 17/hr , but you get an hour of ` prep ' for every hour of contact and there 's usually not more than a few minutes of prep required per week so it 's effectively double rate if you have enough hours . 
  it 's just disgusting , is n't it . 
  it 's no better at canterbury . 
  there are just so few courses at 300-level , at least in the sciences . 
  why ? 
  lots of international lecturers left after the earthquakes and all the hires since the earthquakes have been on limited term contracts . 
  machine learning is not ai and has never been ai . 
  it 's just putting a lot of data into a problem . 
  that 's not intelligence and it 's not how we work . 
  we do n't learn to recognise faces by seeing tens of thousands of hours of video . 
  children recognise faces very very early in their life . 
  they have n't anywhere near the data that google is using . 
   ( seriously , if you 've not eaten nz apples overseas , you 're missing out, 
  i had an golden delicious apple off my own tree so god damn succulent and sweet it could have been a pear . 
   probably could n't make game of thrones though . 
  that 'd be a bit shit . 
  game of thrones is already a bit shit . 
  we have ** way ** more food than we could eat . 
  yeah but police + military probably is . 
  are you a south islander , man ? 
  i was thinking the other day how the south island should really have its own political party . 
  the north island has the maori party . 
  why ca n't the south island have one ? 
  call it the ` mainland ' party . 
  we can also produce enough oil to sustain us , although obviously we 'd need to be a little less wasteful . 
  we would n't burn it for power . 
  we have plenty of medicine though . 
  the government has warehouses upon warehouses of reserves in case of natural disasters or plagues or epidemics etc. 
  we produce more food than we eat , so we export quite a lot . 
  we have plenty of food production already . 
  we obviously would n't be eating much rice or other foreign-produced stuff , but we export way more than we import . 
  why do n't we just secede from the north now ? 
  we have the leverage of producing all the electricity . 
  we 'd be able to elect our god damn regional fucking councillors . 
  we would n't answer to john key . 
  we might even be able to have stewart island if we asked really nicely . 
  new munster . 
  who 's with me ? 
  at first i was kidding but what the fuck , why not ? 
  a roughly 2 % payrise year-on-year is pretty much what public servants are getting . 
  if they 're getting the right results and people are happy with how they are performing , why should n't they get a pay rise ? 
  now of course i 'll always maintain that the pay of elected officials and department executives should be set by an independent commission . 
  but yknow . 
  that does n't exist . 
  i 'm actually pretty glad that kronos got taken down . 
  i 've finally got some bloody work done !, 
  i definitely think we should think about starting something again . 
  preferably with a name shorter than ` the new zealand south island party ' , which is rather boring . 
  it 's not 1999 . 
  people are more concerned than ever about :, 
  * water rights, 
  * environmental effects of farming, 
  * antidemocratic actions of central government, 
  * total dominance of auckland in nz politics and media, 
  * the sad state of the west coast , otago and southland , which are almost entirely ignored in nz media, 
  * the sad state of the christchurch/canterbury rebuild, 
  * almost certainly lots of other south island issues . 
  we 've always been separate , we 've always been neglected . 
  i 'm getting pretty sick of all the teams they insist on adding to this stupid tournament . 
  lol !, 
  it does read a bit like that when i read it back . 
  you 're right , people ca n't criticise something unless it personally affects them . 
  yet another example of paula bennett 's little lackeys fucking over christchurch . 
  what about strategising to actually put even the slightest tiniest bit of money into cancer-screening for men , given it 's most cost-effective than breast-cancer screening and breast cancer gets so much money compared to anything men get . 
  women get a large majority of healthcare funding . 
  okay so if 50 % of prison inmates are maori , that would be an outrage , an example of obvious racist policies , right ? 
  but if only 10 % of male victims of domestic violence are getting to the counselling stage , that 's okay ? 
  that 's mens ' fault ? 
  he 's just angry that white people commit less crime than other ethnicities . 
   unfortunately . 
  did the username give it away ? 
  yep !, 
   it does . 
  it 's called the national party . 
  do n't be a faggot . 
  haha , we have plenty of oil , fertiliser and mechanisation . 
  maybe stop blaming white men for everything first . 
  yeah it 's only temporarily down . 
   while that 's true i wonder if , like progressive tax rates , a ~ 2 % raise is perhaps excessive once you reach $ 100k . 
  would n't 1 % or inflation be more appropriate ? 
  i do n't think we should be comparing general public servants to mayors and deputy mayors . 
  proportional pay increases are not ` excessive ' . 
  a 2 % pay raise is tiny . 
  it 's very much well below the rate of inflation , it 's below the rate of increase of living costs , it 's an obnoxiously small amount . 
  it does n't stretch the relative distance between the rich and poor . 
  it does n't stretch the relative purchasing power . 
  it only stretches the * absolute * distance , which is irrelevant . 
  so just play the original ? 
  a modern version would be like all modern mmos : a cash shop . 
  but you say you want a ` modern day reincarnation ' . 
  personally the single characteristic common to all ` modern day ' mmos is a cash shop to me .
