  there 's no chance , at all , in any situation , where wotc acknowledging that cards have secondary market value is relevant . 
  they clearly , objectively , demonstrably have secondary market value . 
  this is entirely condoned by wotc . 
  the cards do n't come with a condition ` you may not trade or sell these ' like dvds and such do . 
  they make absolutely no efforts to prevent or discourage trading or selling of cards . 
  they totally acknowledge the existence of the secondary market and have no reason not to . 
   it does n't matter if that argument does n't convince you . 
  that is how corporate legal teams work . 
  they do everything in their power to minimize legal risk to the company , even if from an outside perspective that risk seems negligible . 
  no they do not . 
  corporate legal teams do not waste their time trying to pretend that evidently true things are n't true . 
  they do n't waste resources on preventing public statements that 1 + 1 = 2 , despite the ` risk ' that someone will use addition in their lawsuit against wizards of the coast . 
   imagine , if you will , a legal weed dispensary in colorado or washington . 
  those business operate in violation of federal law ; that fact is not in question . 
  any dispensary with an even slightly competent attorney will tell them to never , ever acknowledge that fact , because acknowledging it would be an admission of guilt that is admissible in court . 
  ignorance of the law is not a defence , so no , that 's just not true . 
   and this is the crux of the problem ; every official statement from wotc would be admissible in court should it ever come down to that . 
  every internal communication about reprints , card printings , foil versions , premium versions , ` reprint equity ' and the secondary market along with all communications with scg and other businesses that sell singles would also be discoverable and admissible . 
  if you think they do n't acknowledge the secondary market in their internal communications you 're nuts . 
   hasbro 's legal team wants to keep that case from ever going to court , but on the chance that they fail , they also need a strategy in place to win that case . 
  and rule number one of winning a court case is telling your client to not comment . 
  again , this is based on an understanding of the law you 've got from watching tv shows . 
  this is not how the law or the courts work . 
  no court is going to give two shits whether or not wotc publicly acknowledges the secondary market or makes statements in widely understood code ( accessibility = price , etc. ) . 
  what on earth do you think that would even be evidence * of * ? 
   does that make sense ? 
  it 's just an extremely cautious precaution from a protective legal team . 
  if maro comes out tomorrow and acknowledges that secondary market cards have monetary value , that wo n't instantly destroy magic , but it might make it harder to win a possible future case that may not ever come to pass . 
  no , it really and absolutely would not make it harder to win a possible future case . 
  companies all over the world , including in the us , frequently acknowledge that the randomised collectibles they sell have secondary market value . 
  many of them * run those markets directly * . 
  none of them are going to be prosecuted for illegal gambling or some other such shit , and * even if they were * there 's absolutely no situation where pretending the secondary market did n't exist would matter in court , * at all * . 
  you keep on stating this over and over again , but that does n't make it true . 
  do you think the * millions * of families across the world with consoles have just magically acquired multiple consoles and multiple tvs ? 
  of course not . 
  you say , as if it 's a bad thing ... 
  bazaar of baghdad is a wonderful card . 
  well yeah , they do n't utilise split screen because games have removed support for it for no reason . 
  you do n't get what i 'm saying , so i 'll put it a different way to help you understand . 
  ** there is no evidence whatsoever that wotc not discussing the secondary market has anything to do with corporate lawyers , whatsoever . 
  there is also ** no reason whatsoever ** for them to do so . 
  end of story . 
  stoneforge mystic was a staple in uwr delver , which was an excellent and popular deck for quite a long time . 
  this meme that it was `` a bad hybrid of proper delver and proper stoneblade '' is just wrong . 
  thoughtseize on turn 1 literally never ` wins on the spot ' unless your opponent has kept a fucking terrible hand anyway . 
  which have different names, 
  the last 5 years , actually . 
  everything after m12 has been terrible . 
  they 've made the game worse in basically * every possible way * . 
   has kept a fucking terrible hand anyway . 
  they work together exactly as well as they ever have . 
  in what possible way would they have become incompatible ? 
  again , this is the old delver + swords thing again . 
  delver + swords to plowshares decried again and again and again and yet it wins many , many games . 
  what the fuck are you talking about ? 
  the set after beta was called unlimited . 
   so yes if they reprinted any reserve list card it would drop significantly in price . 
  no , the original printings would not drop in price . 
  the entire point of his post on tumblr is that they do n't want to make the masterpieces too common to preserve the price of the originals . 
   modern is better than it has ever been, 
  modern is fucking awful right now . 
  grixis death 's shadow and eldrazi tron are far and away the best decks in the format . 
  it 's a two-deck metagame . 
  modern is so incredibly worse than when we could play jund , twin and pod that it does n't bear thinking about . 
   legacy is better than it has been in the 4 years that i 've been playing, 
  the changes i 'm talking about that made the game worse happened before you started playing , then . 
   standard has had a couple of problems this year , but has been pretty good outside of those . 
  standard has been utter crap since rtr rotated . 
   the new lines of products have been well received, 
  no they have n't . 
  the card stock has got worse and worse . 
  the print runs have been offensively low . 
  the effort put into sets has gone down . 
  the power level has gone down . 
  the commander sets feel forced . 
   mtgo is getting better ( even if is still slow and ugly ) . 
  mtgo is unacceptably bad . 
   prereleases have gotten better, 
  no , they have n't , they 're basically the same as they have always been, 
   and standard showdown is a nice local event . 
  if stores wanted to run standard events on saturdays they could and did already do so . 
   sure , bfz was n't exactly a smash hit, 
  that 's an understatement . 
  it 's probably the worst block they 've ever printed . 
   but isd-rtr standard is often called one of the best standards . 
  it was a good standard . 
  one of the best ? 
  that 's pushing it . 
  and innistrad was n't after m12 rotated . 
   theros and tarkir block were a lot of fun too ( fate reforged and born of the gods notwithstanding ), 
  i assume that 's some kind of joke ? 
  theros was the weakest and most boring set in a very long time when it released . 
  the only good set in ktk block was fate reforged : gurmag angler , tasigur , monastery mentor , etc. 
   hell , amonkhet block is actually a heck of a lot of fun , despite not being an incredibly powerful block . 
  no , it certainly is not . 
  it 's barely impacted standard at all and it 's just not a good block . 
  it 's poorly designed , akhx3 was a terrible , overly aggressive and poorly balanced limited format , the standard has been crap as well . 
   saying everything in the last 5 years is terrible is ludicrous . 
  would you prefer to be back in original mirrodin ? 
  how about kamigawa ?
