  drs warps the format , probe does n't . 
  you 're just anti-intellectual . 
  well clark 's labour government paid down debt and grew the economy . 
   but as a free-pass to downing street, 
  not a free pass to downing street . 
  he 's not prime minister . 
   54 % increase in govt spending is far beyond what the surplus would allow . 
  well why are you criticising the current labour party for how a previous labour government spent , a government with different policies , a different manifesto and different economic conditions , different leadership ... ? 
   so deficit spending it is . 
  the government * should * deficit spend , yes . 
   which according to you is done without borrowing , somehow . 
  i do n't know why you say ` somehow ' as if it 's some super secret arcane knowledge that the government creates money when it spends ... 
   2000s labour had the gale force tailwind of the best economic times the world has ever seen, 
  no they were n't . 
  they were better than the gfc that followed but wage growth and productivity growth was low . 
   bloating the public service is n't the most productive thing . 
  they did n't ` bloat ' anything . 
  the public service is more efficient than the private sector , that 's just fact . 
  is worse when it uses probe . 
  the deck i was talking about, 
   drs is not warping the format at all . 
  yes it fucking is . 
  burn is tier 2 in legacy and has been for years ... 
  legendary naga with `` snakes you control are naga in addition to their other types . 
  naga you control are snakes in addition to their other types '', 
  they should reprint wrath of god and damnation in one set . 
  the arguments against wrath are awful . 
  then print land interaction . 
  yeah but preordain got banned in modern for no good reason . 
  nonbasic hosers are desperately needed in standard . 
   ana samways ' opinion, 
  what the fuck is this ? 
  this is not an opinion piece . 
  it 's unreadable nonsensical disconnected gibberish . 
  chch . 
  hunt safely, 
  brainstorm never `` acts like ancestral recall '' . 
  stop saying that . 
  it 's not true . 
  so-called ` grixis delver ' is 4c delver . 
   scrolling through the top decks , the market share of blue decks is nearly/just 70 % in the last 2 months , and it 's just under 60 % in the last two weeks . 
  that 's completely misleading . 
  when you say that , people think `` that means all the other colours are just 30-40 % together !, 
  '' , but obviously if you think about it for even half a second that 's completely crap . 
  the format might be 60-70 % blue , but it 's also 60-70 % black and 60-70 % green and 60-70 % red and 60-70 % white . 
  look at 28/5 : you can say ` oh but there are 6 blue decks out of 10 ' but there also 3 black decks , 6 green decks , 7 red decks , 4 white decks . 
  obviously legacy is a red-dominated format . 
  look at 27/5 : 6 blue decks , 6 red decks , 6 black decks , 3 green decks ( although to be fair , two of those are just barely splashing green for drs ) , no white decks !, 
  look at 26/5 : 6 red decks , 7 blue decks , 8 black decks , 2 white decks , 3 green decks ( + 3 grixis delver splashing green for drs ) . 
  i just chose the last 3 days . 
  it 's completely ridiculous to say that the format is blue-dominated . 
  overall , i 'd say it 's red - and black-dominated as much as it is blue-dominated . 
  delver decks * all * are bug , ubr or ur , standstill seems settled on ub , red stompy is red , d&t is splashing red , ant is ubr , elves is bg ... 
   it 's a tool that makes those decks more competitive and able to keep up with combo, 
  no it is n't . 
  drs is mostly irrelevant against combo . 
  there are much better cards to be playing in the 1-drop slot against combo , like spell pierce , flusterstorm , and stifle . 
  drs is played because it makes your deck incredibly resilient to disruption . 
  if your spells are countered they can still be shocks for b. 
  if your lands are wasted then that 's an extra two mana of any colour . 
  it blocks small creatures , it chumps goyfs and knights in the lategame when you do n't need the acceleration , or just kills your opponent ( more often ) . 
  drs actually makes you * weaker * to combo , but having it in your deck makes you ** much ** stronger against other fair decks , and the best way to beat drs in a fair deck is to play drs. 
   deathrite shaman is only played in decks that produce black or green mana and are n't combo decks . 
  deathrite shaman * forces * fair decks to produce bg mana and play it . 
  merfolk does n't even play brainstorm . 
  what are you on ? 
   drs is n't getting banned . 
  it enables a variety of fun and skill-intensive midrange strategies . 
  no it does n't . 
  it forces every fair deck to be bg , essentially . 
   if drs was banned , we 'd be seeing virtually no elves , deathblade , or grixis/sultai delver . 
  we 'd see plenty . 
  we 'd just not * only * see those decks . 
  we 'd see other delver decks as well . 
  we 'd see other stoneblade decks as well . 
   instead , the format would be full of eldrazi , storm , infect , lands , and burn . 
  it would be way more linear and `` matchup lottery '' based . 
  that 's ludicrous rubbish . 
   but it helps police the format by providing fair decks with another tool to fight graveyard shenanigans, 
  no it bloody does n't . 
  it does n't ` police the format ' except by forcing non-bg fair decks out of the meta . 
   without it , you 'd probably see a much more unfair , much more blue legacy . 
  correction : without it , we 'd see a much more diverse , less black/green legacy . 
  it probably wo n't be next b&r , but it wo n't be * years * . 
   the biggest issue is that brainstorm plus fetches also gives you a good incentive to play drs. 
  drs is incentive in and of itself . 
  fetches and wasteland enable drs to produce mana far too consistently , but they 're good on their own without brainstorm ( see : maverick , lands , 4c loam , etc. ), 
   the problem i have is that while i 'd love to never have to see drs overrides the table from me ever again , i 'm not convinced it 's better for the format, 
  it would let goblins come back , it would let merfolk come back , it would make the format into something other than 4c goodstuff vs. 3c goodstuff . 
   but none of the top 10 cards are anything but for blue decks, 
  blue decks tend to play blue/x lands over non-blue/non-blue duals . 
  the colour of * fetches * is quite irrelevant to the colour balance of the format . 
   this is addition to decks . 
  its not just that 70 % of decks are blue , its that people play blue because brainstorm and fow are legal . 
  that 's because brainstorm enables a variety of strategies and force of will keeps the format honest . 
   tarmogoyf isnt even in the top 10 . 
  not as good as it used to be . 
   abrupt decay isnt top 10 . 
  dark confidant , young pyromancer , fatal push , lightning bolt , swords to plowshares ... are not top 10 . 
  that is the difference .
