  we do n't know whether it 's dragonbinder or sam 's horn , which creates suspense . 
   actually , i imagine the nk and red priests etc would have found jon and lured his ass up there anyway . 
  lmao that actually makes no sense . 
  the night king does n't exist in the books , and ca n't ` lure ' people to do anything . 
  and the red priests have nothing to do with any of this . 
   no one assumed dragons in 21 years . 
  plenty of people did . 
   my favorite moment was when euron was picking on tyrion and cersei and jamie stopped him . 
  i thought this entire scene was ludicrous . 
  all of the stupid ` hey remember these people two do n't like each other ' shit was just annoying . 
   fire wight, 
  just stop , please . 
  not really . 
  westeros is actually much friendlier to women than the real world was . 
  do n't be confused by medieval england : in most of europe , female rulers were very rare if they were allowed at all . 
  ` fire wight ' is one of those annoying fandom/fanfic terms that never appears in the books and likely never will . 
  i think book!jon will be very different after his resurrection . 
  they always are . 
  and i think he 'll be very different from his character in the show . 
  the last hp book was much better than fucking ootp . 
  god so much fucking filler in that one . 
  the issue is n't whether it makes a loss . 
  the issue is that * we need that power * . 
  no , it wo n't . 
  yes , you are forced to live there if you want to live in auckland without paying absurd costs to live in the middle of the city . 
  it 's not a ` tradeoff ' . 
  there simply are n't enough houses in the middle of the city , because of the absurd lack of density . 
  no , it is n't . 
  that 's not true . 
  it 's an energy sink all the time . 
  you ca n't just turn it off when the lakes are low . 
  you continue to fail to understand . 
  these are not contracts . 
  they are consents . 
  they are privileges . 
  they are not rights . 
  they are not contracts . 
   gfc had a pretty massive global effect ... 
  but not on new zealand , compared to much more significant events in the past that might have been smaller globally but were more impactful locally . 
   what are you talking about ? 
  finlayson has been an exceptional minister for treaty settlements and it has been a very productive time in that arena . 
  finlayson has been effective in comparison to don brash maybe . 
   i 'm not cherry picking lines at all ... how am i cherry picking lines ? 
  the poster above 's conclusion was based on a single line of dialogue being an ironic foreshadowing of sansa 's death . 
  your entire post is a bunch of cherry-picking . 
  there 's no reason to assume that sansa is safe because of ` narrative reasons ' that her death might not happen . 
  that 's just inane . 
  for one thing , we know nothing about what will happen to her in the books . 
  sansa is , * in particular * , massively divergent in the show . 
  she 's probably the biggest show divergence in terms of book pov characters . 
  i really doubt that she will end up in the books having a progression anything like her progression in the show . 
  her progression in the show actually makes no sense for book!sansa as a character . 
   you 're right . 
  the entire premise is based on the conclusion that the show would try to preserve sansa 's book death as closely as possible . 
  so if sansa in the books is killed in a political storyline , show sansa would also be killed in a political storyline . 
  because no one has ever thought that sansa would be killed by the others , because there is nothing to suggest it in the books , i conclude that sansa will not be killed by zombies on the show . 
  i just do n't think that 's true , though . 
  there is this meme that the show is trying to preserve what happens in the books , but . . it does n't . 
  it just does n't . 
  it 's massively divergent . 
  why would n't sansa die in winterfell if the others get past the wall ( which will definitely happen differently in the books as well ) ? 
  if they attack winterfell , her not dying would just be plot armour , if she even gets to winterfell at all . 
  if i remember correctly she 's still in the eyrie but it 's been ages since i read adwd . 
   is it possible it 's different ? 
  yes . 
  but i do n't think it 's likely . 
  say what you will for the show 's need to consolidate characters and plotlines , the showrunners actually seem to push sansa quite a bit . 
  season 7 seemed the time to kill her off if she was gon na die . 
  i just do n't know why you say that . 
  if she 's going to die , why would she die in season 7 ? 
  she was n't under threat from anyone in season 7 . who was going to kill her ? 
  no , it makes no sense for her to die in winterfell , in the show universe , in season 7 . 
  that does n't mean it makes no sense for her to die at all . 
  i know every character seems to have plot armour now but seriously . 
  i think it 's likely that dragonbinder will bind a dragon that will destroy the wall . 
  to do that it has to be near a dragon . 
  otherwise it 's just spooky action at a distance , which we do n't see in the series at all . 
  everything that happens in the show is local . 
  because i am arguing against him ? 
  his whole post makes no sense . 
   i was n't taking about just women as rulers , though i can name more of those in six hundred years than grrm gives in six thousand . 
  it 's a mostly agnatic kingdom . 
  i do n't think that 's particularly unusual . 
  it 's not meant to be medieval europe . 
  it 's more like medieval france specifically in its succession rules it seems . 
   i was talking about things like broader inheritance law, 
  which we do n't really know anything about, 
   or abilities for women to be active in guilds on their own account, 
  we know nothing about this in got, 
   or the lingering bullshit of the `` rule of thumb '' and `` jus primae noctis '' , which grrm 's women live with but no one in the real world did . 
  you mean the rule that was abolished centuries ago in got , lol ? 
   i also refer to women as scholars , which while rare still happened considerably more in the real world than westeros . 
  no , they really did n't . 
  again with this meme that there was any semblance of gender equality in medieval europe . 
  there just was n't . 
  this is one of those ` reverse myths ' where people at first overstate something ( the classic `` literally no women ever were allowed to do anything in the middle ages '' ) and then people heavily overstate the opposite ( the classic `` well actually tons of women were allowed to do things we consider male-only in the middle ages '' ) when in fact the reality is that a very few noble women were allowed more freedom than we think of , but it was still very rare and virtually nonexistent outside of those noble women . 
   acceptable reasons for annulment were considerably kinder to women here than there too . 
  the average age of marriage was a little kinder here than there , and the maternal mortality rate was ( surprisingly ) a lot better here - despite the medical care in westeros seeming slightly more advanced in general , grrm 's figures on death in/as a direct result of childbirth are ridiculous . 
  they 're staggeringly high , orders of magnitude too high . 
  which figures are these ?
