  god yes, 
  i think it is you that does not understand property equity, 
   was it predicted ? 
  by who , where ? 
  it 'd collapse pretty quickly now without hundreds of millions going into it every year . 
  ... by everyone that opposed the move at the time , obviously ? 
   are you being dense ? 
  things have been much better for decades . 
  or are you typing from your party line ? 
  what ? 
  things are terrible . 
  the awful cunts refuse to install a fibre line up my driveway yet also refuse to fix the copper line that they insist i use instead . 
   now i know you 're being dense . 
  shift work is not sleeping during your shift when you 're meant to be doing the job . 
  i have no idea what you mean then . 
  seems you do n't really know what you 're talking about . 
  population growth is perceived as good because it is good . 
  more of us -  more of us relative to our enemies . 
  the ` budget responsibility rules ' are irresponsible and economically illiterate . 
   fhbs freed up from the lvrs, 
  that makes no sense at all, 
   ever, 
  i assume you mean ` since 2004 ' . 
  okay so you genuinely do n't understand mortgage law then ? 
  having a mortgage on your house does n't change who owns it . 
  and if you do n't have a zombie ? 
  the only zombie with dredge is the awful [ [ shambling shell ] ] . 
  well if you 're going to argue that , why are n't you arguing against businesses taking business loans ? 
  after all , they 're ` making profits off money that is not theirs ' . 
  t r i g g e r e d, 
  neither are people renting out properties ... 
  your business does n't deserve to exist if it pays people less than the living wage . 
  the whole purpose of a government house-building programme is to provide houses built using materials bought in bulk ( i.e. 
  cheaply ) and sell them at cost ( i.e. 
  cheaply ) . 
  half a million dollars is not reasonable . 
  and since then they 've not brought them back , which is what they should do . 
  there are apparently 8,518 new characters , 56 of which are emoji . 
  new ones include the muslim emoji ( woman with headscarf and bearded person ) , the british erotica emoji ( face with monocle and person in steamy room ) and the chinese food emoji ( dumpling , fortune cookie and takeout box ) . 
  i said it does n't * deserve * to exist . 
  not that it does n't exist . 
  maybe you should learn to read . 
  then you could also read some fucking history and/or political philosophy and learn what the word ` socialist ' fucking means . 
  it 's just an awful , nonsensical americanism that has no place being used . 
  it sounds ridiculous . 
   just the land is worth that ... so i think any reasonable person can see that it probably is . 
  * costs * is not the same as * is worth * . 
  the land * costs * that because the supply of land is artificially restricted . 
  was this article written by a cretin ? 
  what happened to the editors at the herald ? 
   jacinda ardern has announced a portfolio reshuffle caused by her ascension to labour leader . 
  her * ascension * ? 
  what is she , jesus ? 
   ardern retains children , arts culture and heritage , and picks up the security and intelligence portfolion . 
  is that meant to be ` children , arts , culture and heritage ' or ` children and arts , culture and heritage ' ? 
  and what is a portfolion ? 
   the man she replaced , andrew little , has been handed her justice and small business portfolios . 
  ` the man she replaced , andrew little ' is clumsy wording . 
   he also picks up acc off outgoing mp sue moroney and retains the `` new economy '' portfolio . 
  ` picks up acc off outgoing mp sue moroney ' is also clumsy wording . 
   with the election on september 23 , the reshuffle is a minor one and will not ruffle any feathers . 
  more clumsy wording , trying to be clever . 
  that 's a very negative way to view things . 
  do you have something you want to talk about ? 
  you do n't . 
  that 's the whole point . 
  ` time stretches ' or ` space compresses ' . 
  it 's just a disgusting americanism that makes me want to vomit , just like all other american things . 
  no you moron , a lack of people good enough to go into the programme . 
   free will is a thing . 
  the government ca n't just force people into an industry because there 's a shortage . 
  if that was legal , we have a bigger issue than housing to deal with and housing is a huge issue . 
  that is exactly what the government can force people to do . 
   but the builders need some motivation to come here . 
  can we afford to pay them enough to ship their lives here for a short term gig ? 
  yes , just like every other fucking country on earth that has done this . 
   on this we agree . 
  too many people think sovereign debt is important to pay off asap like personal debt . 
  stable countries do n't pay the kind of interest consumers do , because the risk of default is so much lower . 
  thank god some sanity, 
  a decent understanding of mathematics and engineering concepts ? 
  lol . 
  it certainly does not . 
  knowing of the existence of right angles is not ` decent understanding of mathematics ' . 
   but by all means continue to tell us how we could train anyone to be a builder . 
  well we do . 
  we train all sorts of morons . 
   since its so easy , why dont we train monkeys ? 
  have you seen the people training to be builders at cpit ? 
  well he clearly did n't given that he seems to think i was saying that his business no longer existed . 
  no shit , sherlock . 
  he * implied * that that was what i was saying . 
  muh ` not supporting communist human-rights-ignoring china is racism ', 
  well no , it does n't . 
  tobacco companies do not deserve to exist , for example . 
  drug dealers do not deserve to exist . 
  any is too many . 
  i appreciate that you replied to concede the discussion rather than leaving me hanging . 
  the game is very much aimed at casuals . 
  not really .
