  there 's basically no reason not to play mentor . 
  it 's like lodestone golem : a diversity-stifling example of wotc 's insistence on pushing creatures so hard that they warp * vintage * of all formats . 
  that 's true in most games . 
  as well it should be . 
  it 's just a pity most of them are hypocrites given they sell p2w stuff to players themselves . 
  if you like it you like it . 
  ` pay for convenience ' is a completely inane and meaningless term made up by people with buyer 's remorse trying to justify their blatantly pay-to-win purchases to themselves as not being pay-to-win . 
  but they are p2w , unambiguously . 
   lol , they fucking did not . 
  they quite objectively did in fact indicate a strong possibility of trump winning . 
   all state and federal polling had hillary clinton with a massive lead in all battle ground states, 
  and they knew that their polls could be wrong , and that if they were wrong they were very likely to be * consistently * wrong . 
   and even solid blue states that trump flipped red and a 99.9 % chance to take the electoral college . 
  what a load of rubbish . 
  where do you get this crap ? 
  538 , the primary and leading polling aggregator , had trump at roughly 30 % to win . 
  huffington post just assumed all polling errors would be independent and gave her a 99.9 % chance of winning or some other similarly stupid number , but that 's hardly representative of polling generally . 
   this only changed on the day of election and after the fact . 
  objectively speaking , [ you are wrong ] ( http://fivethirtyeight.com/features/why-fivethirtyeight-gave-trump-a-better-chance-than-almost-anyone-else/ ) . 
  that 's just not true . 
  automation is the replacement of jobs with computerised or mechanical solutions to problems . 
  replacing three legal executives with a single legal executive and the internet is just as much automation as replacing a factory with 100 works with a mechanised factory with 10 workers is . 
  yes it can . 
  that 's not a good justification to argue against this . 
  that 's like a crank saying `` but muh galileo '', 
  a ubi is barking mad when you consider how much labour it wastes . 
  unemployment should be eliminated , it 's an enormous waste of human potential . 
  racist, 
  the claim that ` the polls were totally inaccurate , maaaan ' is just a meme . 
  it 's complete bullshit . 
  this idea that polling is dead is a completely nonsensical meme . 
  it should die . 
  we could improve those things . 
  but we clearly are n't going to . 
  so stop bothering with it and focus on things you can actually effect change to . 
  i find this thread hilarious . 
  it 's just * so * / r/mmorpg . 
  the pre-release community for stargate worlds was so fucking great . 
  * so * many guilds ( i think they called them ` commands ' ) . 
  lots of inter-guild drama . 
  i had like 7 sockpuppets on those forums and caused half the drama myself it was hilarious . 
  rule 1 : no generic `` looking for mmo '' posts, 
  why would the polls react equally to negative trump news and negative hillary news ? 
  how is this a loophole ? 
  think for a moment about what you 're saying before saying it . 
  the law says that you must not record a conversation you are not involved in . 
  if you are recording a conversation you are involved in for the benefit of someone else that 's completely fine . 
  he 's +4 , stop whining about downvotes less than half an hour after the comment is posted . 
   no it 's not . 
  well it is in fact . 
   that 's a terrible example . 
  it 's an excellent example . 
   mechanization , computerisation and automation are different things . 
  they are not disjoint . 
  that 's because the ` media cycle ' did n't hurt hillary 's numbers or image . 
  that 's not bias in the media , it 's bias in the voters . 
   go ahead and replace hr with a robot . 
  i assume you must not be aware that most hr people these days * extensively * use computers to filter out resumes that are submitted to them ? 
  automation is not about completely replacing jobs . 
  replacing 10 hr staff with 2-hr-staff-and-some-software is almost as impactful as fully replacing them with software . 
  with fewer people employed we will also simply have fewer hr people required in the economy . 
  it 's a subset of automation you moron . 
   with fewer people employed we will also simply have fewer hr people required in the economy . 
  because you are recording your own conversation, 
  it 's not ` work for the sake of work ' . 
  it 's work for the sake of * doing useful things * . 
  the data was like 2 % out . 
   you think a secretary with the internet is automation !, 
  it is . 
  search engines automate searching databases . 
   do you think a tractor is mechanisation or automation ? 
  it is mechanisation , which is a subset of automation . 
   do you think databases are computerisation or automation ? 
  it is computerisation , which is a subset of automation . 
  no he has n't . 
  what a load of crap . 
  he 's no less of a celebrity than any of the last few of them have been . 
  i 'm sure there could be . 
  but * is * there ? 
   difference ? 
  in ffxiv you 're always improving your one , single character and if you want , can still make separate characters/classes ? 
  your ` one single character ' is completely unbelievable . 
  oh i pick up a sword and ` switch to warrior ' and now ca n't remember how to do anything from my previous class until i switch back to it . 
  how does * that * make any sense ? 
   also the problem of `` lack of tanks , lacks of healers '' that literally every mmo i 've played in the last 17 years where most people playing damage dealers . 
  that 's due to the terrible design called ` trinity ' where there are two roles that require communication , thinking and such and one role where you just play your own character and ignore everyone else . 
  of course most people are going to gravitate towards that !, 
  you do n't solve that by destroying the very most important part of an rpg : a meaningful character . 
   all they 've done is streamlined and improved the archaic system of logging in and out and making a new character . 
  it 's all done right there , in game . 
  instantly . 
  there 's nothing ` archaic ' about having a different character . 
  it 's a * role-playing game * . 
  different characters are . . well . . they 're different characters . 
  they have different skills and different personalities and different progression paths and different experiences . 
  they have n't improved anything . 
  what they 've done is * streamlined * and * simplified * , which is the opposite of what the genre needs . 
  the genre was far too streamlined and simplified already . 
  play dota 2 . 
  i hope you 're kidding .
