  it 's not an anti-pattern in the real world . 
  no it ca n't . 
  not in new zealand . 
   pedantry , i love it . 
  you 'll need to do better than that if you want to somehow make your arguments seem more coherent because baiting someone on their spelling is pathetic . 
  it 's not pedantic . 
  one is correct , the other is not . 
  using the wrong one makes you look like an idiot american . 
   politics is trivial you say ? 
  i seriously doubt people could explain the difference between fptp and mmp , nor could they elaborate on why we changed . 
  given that it 's a rather crucial part of our political history , i 'd say it 's pretty fucking important . 
  anyone that has actually voted in both can easily tell you the difference . 
   to go further than that understanding the ideals behind conservativism vs liberalism , socialism vs fascism etc are crucial to understand why parties do what they do . 
  this is n't the equivalent of buying your favourite candy at the store like you suggest it is , votes shape the country so the more educated the voters are , the better it is for everyone . 
  we already talk about those things in history classes you idiot . 
  what we do n't do is tell people ` winston peters is an evil populist do n't vote for him ' in school . 
   i think we all agree this is a problem , followed closely by the fact that the enrolled do n't vote which is arguably more frustrating . 
  it 's also not an easy thing to solve , some suggest restricting student loans/government services but then those that do not go for higher education can slip through which leaves a huge gap of voters . 
  those who do n't go for higher education still go for some form of education . 
  what about this ? 
  in order to get an ird number ( which you need in order to not pay the default top tax rate on all income ) , require voting enrollment . 
   this has absolutely no bearing on what i was suggesting . 
  i did not say `` teachers should speak out and force kids to vote their favourite party '' i was saying `` teachers should explain the nature of politics such that it is in new zealand '' . 
  they should encourage kids to read policy , question decisions , understand how mmp works , and how they can vote/how their vote matters . 
  explaining the ` nature of politics ' means either :, 
  just talking about the mechanics of the system , or, 
  talking about specific parties, 
  the former is fine . 
  the latter means reinforcing existing ideas about the parties , which just reinforces the existing set of parties in the roles they already have . 
  people should go into the system and form their own ideas . 
  i have no idea what he taught . 
  it might have been english , it might have been something else . 
  he 's a member of the fucking signals intelligence branch of the plc. 
  he could be teaching them anything . 
  the idea that it 's ludicrous that he taught something other than english when he has a track record of lying over and over again for over a decade about this is just ... 
  it 's almost as if you have already decided what your opinion is and now you 're just trying to justify it . 
  it does n't matter . 
  you do n't stop reporting something because of nothing new . 
  idiot . 
  we completely agree already . 
  the thing i have a problem with it teaching about ` the political system ' . 
  the electoral system ? 
  that 's fine . 
  teaching the shitty political system we have ? 
  not okay with that . 
  the status quo , the political system ? 
  that 's national + labour as the two major parties . 
  that 's winston peters as the eternal kingmaker . 
  that 's ` vote for act in epsom if you like national ' . 
  i do n't think that should be taught . 
  maybe they should n't vote if they ca n't understand such a simple system . 
   they say they `` do n't know anything about politics '' . 
  voting itself might be easy but we need to educate people about what it actually means . 
  what on earth is there to fucking understand ? 
  maybe young people should spend less time on fucking social media and going to parties and more time in the real world . 
  no it is n't . 
  it 's not a plural . 
  ` mathematics ' is a noun . 
  the shortened form in the us is ` math ' , and outside of the us it is * always * maths . 
  it 's not ` one math , two maths ' . 
  that 's not at all how it works . 
  lots of people use ` datum ' . 
  nobody talks about ' a data ' . 
  people talk about ' a data point ' , which is correct . 
  ` mixing things up ' by being wildly inconsistent within what is meant to be a single setting is not a good thing . 
  magic has no fucking brand , thematically , because the theme varies so very much between blocks . 
  that might be okay for people that follow the game closely and like it to be different year to year , but it absolutely sucks for people that come to the game and think ` wow this is incredibly childish ' . 
  that means nothing . 
   i challenge that statement, 
  professional economists are not all completely discredited capitalists . 
  there are sane professional economists . 
   there 's more to our political system than that . 
  information about how parliament is made up , and how our votes create a parliament would be relevant . 
  a class on mmp , why we have electorates , and the history of the mmp system in nz could be good . 
  we have electorates because the public want them . 
  telling people why we have electorates will create a more static political system because it will reinforce things as ` the way they are , and always have been ' . 
  our society already has a very static view of the world . 
  things that are , must be that way for a reason , so they ca n't change . 
  the general view is that the very idea of fundamental change is completely bonkers . 
  but it is n't . 
  there 's literally nothing keeping our system the way it is except that we keep electing the same people . 
  there 's literally zero evidence that the current system is anywhere near any level of optimality whatsoever . 
  countries across the world vary hugely in how successful they are using the same basic set of rules , and there 's very little experimentation . 
  experimentation is usually extremely successful . 
  further reinforcing the current system by even mentioning shit like ` deficits ' or ` government borrowing ' to kids in school is an horrific idea . 
   i believe the people accusing him of being a trained spy have to provide the evidence . 
  no , they do not . 
  was at a spy academy, 
  lied on his citizenship application about this * at the behest of the chinese government *, 
  he 's * already * done enough to be deported and have his citizenship stripped from him , which is exactly what should happen . 
  he has the burden of proof . 
   i think he should be thoroughly investigated by the sis , my point was why would he lie about that ? 
  because if he says that he only taught english , he paints the picture of him as the victim . 
  he 's not the victim , he is the criminal . 
  the victim is new zealand , having a chinese spy on the defence select committee . 
  the reality is that economics is complicated and when it 's covered in the public sphere all we get is journalists that do n't understand economics just repeating the same neoliberal propaganda over and over and over again . 
   companies hire exactly as many people as they need to produce enough to meet demand . 
  corporate handouts do not result in more jobs . 
  not true at all . 
  companies are incredibly inefficient .
