  no , the way to address it is to accept that it does n't actually exist . 
   but statistically women are worth less as a group . 
  nope . 
   that 's why it 's an issue - most people who actually look at the issue from an academic perspective wo n't try and tell you it 's because women are directly being paid less for the same job . 
  if women are n't being paid less for the same job then there is n't a wage gap . 
  you ca n't just redefine terms and shift the goalposts of the discussion every time your rubbish is called out . 
  work done by men is more dangerous and has much longer hours . 
  women are also * much * more likely to take long breaks not just from a job for maternity leave but from the workforce as a whole . 
  would it be fair for someone to take 3-5 years out of the workforce and come right back into it at the same pay rate as someone that has worked for that time and has 5 years more experience ? 
  clearly not . 
   my thought on this is how do we define the positions value without undervaluing women or overvaluing men by placing a bias on remuneration via gender ? 
  at this point you 're just searching for things to back up the viewpoint that you already hold . 
  you 're not looking at the data and asking whether there 's any significant wage gap , you 're saying that there 's a significant wage gap and asking how to define the terms you use to support that . 
  that 's intellectually dishonest . 
   i 'm mainly highlighting that the nature of human reproduction pretty much ensures that women who have children a likely to end up paid less than men . 
  my response to this is that if it 's okay for people to respond ( as someone * basically * has above ) to the issue of lower male life expectancy with `` well that 's because of biology , deal with it '' then is it okay for me to respond to this with `` well that 's because of biology , deal with it '' ? 
   - 77 % of engineers qualifying are male, 
  - 72 % of it guys qualifying are male, 
  - 89 % of apprentices are male, 
  how exactly are these meant to be positive statistics ? 
  more men in certain areas , while there are more women in others . 
  as someone that works in the it industry , i can tell you that there 's nothing i can say positively about most jobs being a total sausage-fest . 
   - just 44 % of neets are male, 
  - participating in the labour market - you 're 10.6 % ahead, 
  well of course men participate in the labour market more . 
  men do n't at all commonly take years of time out of the workforce to look after children . 
  whether you like it or not , it 's very , very core to our culture that women look after children , and i suspect pretty core to our biology as well . 
   - earnings - you 're 11.8 % ahead, 
  over the whole workforce , a significant portion of whom are from much more sexist eras than today . 
  if you restrict to just looking at people under ( say ) 35 , what are the figures comparing like with like ? 
  i bet they 're damn-near identical . 
   - underutilised in labour markets - you 're 17.2 % behind, 
  how can we be underutilised in labour markets while participating more ? 
   - unemployment - you 're 0.7 % behind, 
  this is just restating the same points over and over again : men are more likely to work . 
   - judges - you 're holding 70 %, 
  in particular for judges , there 's been a push for more female judges but there fact of the matter is that the appointments are made on merit and they should be made on merit , and there just are n't enough women qualified for the job . 
  the ` good news ' ( it 's completely neutral to me , to be honest , as i just do n't care what gender judges are because it 's just not at all important to society , there are very few judges in nz ) is that there are * significantly * more female law graduates and female entry-level lawyers than men , so this should even out in the next generation assuming that women and men actually are equally capable of it . 
   - directorships in state sector boards - you 're holding 57 %, 
  - directorships of nzx listed coys - you 're holding 83 %, 
  directorships are appointed/employed based on merit . 
  there are n't enough women to appoint that are qualified . 
  that 's because people in these positions are generally old . 
  these things will even out over time , but you ca n't expect it overnight . 
   - positions in local authorities - you 're holding 67 %, 
  - mps - you 're at 69 %, 
  parties want more women mps . 
  the fact is that women do n't want to do it . 
   - you 're living 2.1 % more of your life independently, 
  and we 're living significantly fewer years in our damn lives , which i think is rather more important . 
  overall you 're making the same mistake a lot of feminists do : you 're focusing on the sexy numbers . 
  you 're saying `` the best off women are a little worse off than the best off men '' . 
  honestly , * who gives a fuck * ? 
  so the upper middle class is a little gender imbalanced . 
  that 's so ridiculously unimportant . 
  they 're all still rich upper middle class cunts that charge me too much rent . 
  what 's * way * more important is inequality in things that matter . 
  men are imprisoned more than women . 
  women are more likely to be sexually assaulted . 
  these are * important stats * . 
  they affect vulnerable people . 
  there are 240 judges in new zealand ? 
  6 supreme court , 10 court of appeal , 46 high court , 178 district court ? 
  the gender imbalance in the judiciary is such a ridiculously tiny and minor aspect of gender inequality in our society that using it as a talking point to try to refute statistics like the disgusting imbalances in the court system and education system are absurd . 
  having more male judges does n't seem to be helping the serious biases against men in the court system . 
  biases , i should add , that are much more pronounced against men than they are against maori . 
  does that include people that are n't working because they 're pregnant or have had children ? 
  because there are a * lot * of young women with children in new zealand and this term usually seems to apply to young people . 
  so the prime ages for which we 'd expect large numbers of poor young women to have unplanned pregnancies and not be working . 
  i hope milo gets aids . 
   the health stuff is largely due to societal norms in when men have to be tough and hard and all that bullshit . 
  we do n't seek help when we should , because we ought to just `` toughen up '' . 
  so anyone who thinks feminism is unnecessary , have a think about that . 
  we need it because even in 2016 , men have to be `` manly '' . 
  holy christ how dense can you get ? 
  we need feminism because men have it bad ? 
  how long can you continue to try to justify this ? 
   also , men routinely work in far more dangerous jobs than females do , which is likely another big contributing factor to lower life expectancy . 
  this applies to the `` safety '' heading too . 
  so it 's okay to justify men dying in the workplace because `` lol they choose to '' but it 's not okay to justify women choosing poorly paid jobs because they * actually do * choose to ? 
   i could n't answer anything about the education side , although i 'd be interested in the reasons . 
  the reasons are that when boys and girls were doing pretty damn near equally well in education , feminists ( who you seem to think are working to advance men 's issues , ffs ) heavily pressured moe to change the curriculum to favour girls . 
   largely though this post just reads as reactionary mra bullshit about how `` ooooh noes , middle-aged white males are soooooo oppressed ! '', 
  i do n't see how statistics about male prison populations and poor male health outcomes have anything to do with middle-aged white males . 
  nor do i see anything about oppression . 
  do you realise how ridiculous you sound ? 
   i can see how you get that opinion, 
  i have no idea whatsoever where he got that opinion , quite frankly . 
  i think you 're being too kind . 
   saying how these issues mean men are n't privileged at all . 
  what evidence is there that men are privileged ? 
  fuck off no you did n't . 
  literally all of those comments have been made in response to comments like yours . 
   the man needs feminism, 
  no , he does n't . 
  it 's neither a dirty word nor the relevant word for the situation . 
  you claim that ` feminism ' is about equality and not about women , and then you claim that it 's a feminine word . 
  make up your mind . 
  so does yours . 
  so you 're disregarding her because she 's a woman ?
