   when were males and females equivalent in education ? 
  given that girls are ahead now and presumably boys were ahead in the past , there was clearly a point in time when boys and girls were equal . 
   when were males and females equivalent in education ? 
  there was a time when women were only taught enough to make them good housewives . 
  they literally were n't allowed to do things to train them for manual labour . 
  things like mathematics and science were thought to be above female comprehension . 
  then feminism came along and changed that . 
  and that 's good . 
  the subsequent changes to education since those changes are the ones that are clearly problematic . 
   https://www.reddit.com/r/newzealand/comments/5de5es/international_mens_day_is_on_saturday_here_are/da41lkg/, 
  so you are linking to your own comment ... why ? 
   simple , the vast majority of people who raise these issues do so to attack feminism or the idea of male privilege . 
  the idea of male privilege deserved to be attacked . 
  these statistics being used to show that clearly males are n't privileged is a good thing . 
   plus as it turns out the op has said some dumb things in here , so while the comment about the original post was jumping the gun the overall sentiment is completely accurate . 
  no , he has n't . 
  the op has actually been extremely careful and measured in his comments . 
  he 's been incredibly reasonable . 
   electorate mps still have a place . 
  just look at how northland flipped to nz first in the byelection and the message that sent the government . 
  the necessity of expensive byelections are a pretty good reason to avoid having electorate mps . 
   and while the regions may not get much attention , they will get even less under a completely popular vote system . 
  the attention would be on auckland , wellington and christchurch even more than it is now . 
  everywhere would get equal attention according to its population . 
  there 's no reason why low population regions should n't a disproportionate amount of attention . 
  most of those regional electorates are guaranteed national electorates anyway . 
  i said `` far-left '' and `` far-right '' . 
  same person . 
  you ca n't be shadowbanned from a subreddit . 
  only the admins can shadowban you , and that applies across all of reddit . 
  come people , this has been around since like 2010 . 
  innocuous does n't mean harmless . 
   i would consider their stances on environmental protection , women 's and lgbt rights , voting rights and racial reconciliation to be more decidedly liberal than their economic policies , which are not particularly left-wing . 
  ` economically liberal ' does n't mean left-wing . 
  it means laissez-faire . 
  they highly favour free trade , do n't have any strong policies around worker 's rights , they favour so-called ` free market solutions ' to problems ( e.g. 
  the aca ) , etc. 
  the democrats are pretty much the definition of being economically liberal . 
  meanwhile their policies might be socially liberal in the context of the united states but they are n't particularly socially liberal in the context of the rest of the west , which was my point : they fit , on a spectrum across the whole english-speaking world , pretty much in the same spot as the nz national party : not socially regressive but not particularly progressive either , basically just supporting whatever social policies are popular in the polls , while being very laissez-faire ( liberal ) economically . 
  accurate name is accurate . 
   however what this does mean is that regional interests are guaranteed to be present in government . 
  which is a bad thing . 
  regional interests dominate our politics . 
  labour and the greens are under the completely absurd impression that maori electorates have some justification based on the treaty of waitangi . 
  nope . 
  my god that insane . 
  still , not the 60 % of the country ours is !, 
  biggest electorates by capita !, 
   ffxiv has way deeper problems that , at least i , can \u00b4 t ignore, 
  it is n't a pay to win shithole , so no , it does n't . 
  so you have a personal preference . 
  that 's fine . 
  that does n't change the fact that archeage 's problems are far deeper than ffxiv 's . 
   zed shaw , of learn python the hard way fame , has now written the case against python 3 . 
  zed shaw of being fucking stupid fame , more like . 
  ur just triggered cus ur name is beef, 
  only a small proportion of the game is end-game , yet it 's still more end-game than most entire games , because it 's an absolutely gigantic game that has been around for 15 years . 
   put playing magic is supposed to be standard . 
  the other formats are fine and fun , but standard is supposed to be the core that ties it all together . 
  uh , no . 
  playing with all the cards that have ever been printed ( that have n't been banned ) is how magic is meant to work . 
  playing with an arbitrary restriction that you have to buy new cards constantly is n't how magic is supposed to be played , it 's how magic is played in a way that is most profitable for wotc . 
  good . 
  the ` magic economy ' is the worst thing to happen to magic . 
  ever . 
  you do n't understand what the op was saying , but okay . 
  i 've only seen people complain about one thing in the last couple of years of dota : ridiculous comeback mechanics . 
  oh , well two things if you count patches that get tired and old and last too long . 
  that 's just factually untrue . 
  there 's no reason to believe that it would lead to less sales . 
  and no , he did n't say that at all . 
  he said that wotc should sell a cube * in addition to * their current model . 
  and they fucking should . 
  and the majority of people would continue buying packs , because 99 % of packs are bought for drafting purposes anyway . 
  yes it is . 
  it 's the worst thing ever to happen to magic . 
  the idea that ` ev ' matters rather than having fun is toxic and bad for the game . 
  that 's simply untrue . 
  there are many possible formats that could exist in magic . 
  ` the last 2 years ' is completely arbitrary . 
  the magic economy does not ` sustain game stores ' . 
  he said instead of selling ** boxes ** . 
  they would still sell packs , just not boxes . 
   the idea of the best game piece changing throughout the game was new to magic . 
  not really . 
  the idea of resources of different types is n't exclusive to magic at all . 
   the color pie . 
  having certain factions within the game ( in this case , colors ) able to do some things and not others so that each has its strengths and weaknesses was new to magic ( though , in alpha , they kinda failed at this by making all the good cards blue ) . 
  different factions or sides or teams with different strengths and weaknesses definitely does n't originate with magic . 
  well whatever , that 's a fair interpretation of what he said . 
  it would still not ` kill magic ' though . 
  the ccg model is not the only model . 
  it 's the most anti-consumer model . 
  an lcg model is just as profitable . 
  can you create a ` maths ' flair for people from countries that are n't the us ? 
  having a secondary market is n't a bad thing . 
  cards being so expensive that a culture in which card value is really important has developed . 
  * that * is what is bad . 
  you surely must be kidding . 
  mtg is ludicrously expensive compared to comparable games .
