  because it 's theirs, 
   can we put some alpacas on it ? 
  the issue is that we 've taken their land and fucked it . 
  land should be owned collectively , ideally . 
  if we ca n't do that , we can at least require it 's managed properly by those that do manage it . 
  i listened to the fucking interview . 
  he did n't give evasive answers . 
  he was trying to answer the questions and getting interrupted constantly . 
  compare it to john campbell 's interview last night , which was much more pleasant . 
  it 's an american word . 
  not a word in english , which we speak and write . 
  literally any criticism of rust , no matter how well-founded , gets downvoted here . 
  that 's the reality . 
  that 's not true . 
  there 's a big difference between ganking with dust ( which obviously you should do ) and placing a 0-minute sentry in lane on the offchance that riki will gank you . 
  especially at lower levels where there 's a good chance riki will sit in lane and farm , or just leech xp . 
  the crown stole lane from maori , and gave it pakeha . 
  that 's established historical fact . 
  now i would n't so much mind that , given there are other ways to even out those historical disturbances , if it were n't for the reality that now we 're selling off the same land to the chinese , and even just polluting the shit out of it ourselves . 
   my point stands . 
  the whole ` just build more houses ' solution is so shallow it 's not funny , and your lack of any substantive arguments against my points just proves my case . 
  it 's not trying to be funny , and it is n't shallow . 
  the problem is two-sided : a demand problem , and a supply problem . 
  labour has policies to reduce demand in problem areas including auckland ( by significantly improving , by diversifying regional economies and by reducing immigration back to reasonable levels they were when labour was last in power , and by reducing the tax incentives to own investment properties ) . 
  and it has policies to increase supply in all areas , including by building lots of houses . 
  if you have a problem with some people claiming it 's purely a supply-side issue , you have a problem with act and national , who claim ( falsely ) that the issue is solely that urban planning rules are anti-sprawl . 
   the problem is what sorts of houses do we need to build ? 
  if a majority of the homeless are single men with no kids/dependants then assigning them a 3 bedroom house is a waste of resources . 
  well firstly , the claim that the majority of homeless are single men with no dependents is rather strange . 
  i do n't think that 's true . 
  the majority of people that live on the street , maybe , but not the majority of homeless people . 
  there are lots of homeless families that are living on couches or living room floors , living in cars , living in garages , etc. 
  it 's a lot easier for a family with kids to get sympathy and a living room floor than it is for a scruffy single 45-year-old homeless man . 
  street homelessness is a health issue . 
  part of it is a mental health issue , part of it is a drugs issue , part of it is a criminal issue . 
  some are people that are mentally ill and the system has failed them . 
  some are people that have drug issues , and the health/criminal system has failed them by branding them as criminals instead of being designed around solving the health issue . 
  some are former convicts that have been released from prison and simply have nowhere to go , no hope of getting a job , etc. 
  in addition , it 's reasonable to assume that if they were able to get a place to live that was suitable for a family , and get into a headspace and lifespace where they could get a job , get adequate healthcare , get off drugs , deal with mental health issues , etc. 
  then there 's no reason they could n't have a family . 
   if there is a family with 1 kid they do n't need a 3 bedroom house . 
  i utterly and completely disagree . 
  a three-bedroom house is entirely appropriate if you want to live in an actual house so that you can have a spare bedroom when family comes on holiday to stay , or for a study to work in , or for future kids . 
  you should n't have to move every time you have a child to a bigger house with another bedroom . 
  if you 're planning to have a child , you should be able to get a house with room for that child . 
  otherwise poor communities are going to be very transient , which is community-destroying , which has obvious consequences in terms of crime , etc. 
   we have limited resources when it comes to skilled labourers/tradies who can build these houses , which houses require the least use of these limited resources so that we can get the most people homed as soon as possible ? 
  how do we rank their urgency ? 
  we do n't , though . 
  we do n't have limited resources . 
  we have a huge supply of underutilised labour and more than enough capacity to train more builders . 
  if the government * genuinely * incentivised going into that trade , then we could . 
  if the government actually said ` if you go into the building trade , and work there for at least 6 years working on building houses , then we 'll give you one for free at the end of that time period ' , for example . 
  or any other of the many possible incentives . 
  free training , supplemental income to apprentices , tax incentives to take apprentices , etc. 
  it 's ridiculous that you have to pay to train in some of these in-demand fields . 
  the government claims there 's a shortage of it staff for example , and then still makes you spend $ 25,000 to get a degree to work in software development . 
  wtf ? 
   my personal opinion is that we need to move away from the old vision of everyone owning their home , and look into more contemporary , flexible solutions like cooperative housing networks etc. 
  my personal opinion is that we need to actually fucking consider the reality of the situation , which is that state housing has * always * worked and there 's no reason it would n't work just as well now . 
  ` cooperative housing networks ' sound like , just from the name , a disaster of transience and lack of community . 
  ` slums of the future ' comes to mind . 
   the problem of homelessness/having a home in new zealand is far more complicated then `` just build more houses '' and then giving them away to people . 
  the problem is n't just homelessness . 
  that 's a tiny , tiny , tiny part of the problem . 
  the problem is housing affordability , for everyone . 
  even people earning * good money * out of university ca n't afford to buy a reasonable house , let alone anyone earning less , or single people . 
  it 's really not a homelessness problem . 
  that 's a different , separate problem , and it 's mainly mental health , prison release reintegration , and health-related . 
  we have a phrase that is valid in its place : staff member . 
  ` staffer ' is not a word in new zealand english . 
  the only people that use it are people that watch american political tv shows . 
  i do n't for a moment believe you . 
  and my point is that people at low mmr do n't play perfectly , but they also are n't stupid . 
  they do know how to buy dust , they do know how to use it , they do know to buy sentries , they do deward ( although not a lot ) , they do buy smoke , they do gank , they do rotate , they do pull . 
  they play inefficiently , they misevaluate hero power , their item builds are too static , they suck mechanically , all that , sure . 
  but the meme that low mmr players have no idea that certain items exist is just . 
  not . 
  true . 
   maybe if your comments were n't written in such a confrontational way you would have gotten a better response . 
  but it would n't , because it was n't written in a confrontational way , and it got downvoted , and all criticism of rust is downvoted anyway , so even if it were confrontational that would n't matter . 
   `` just implement it '' without planning would waste months and months of progress and man-hours . 
  no , it would n't . 
  it would * require * a couple of weeks of progress . 
  implementing these features * is not hard * . 
  it does n't have to be hard . 
  people implement these sorts of features all the time . 
  they 're not actually complicated . 
  it 's not a ` waste ' and it would n't take ` months and months ' . 
  even if it does n't end up working out , implementation experience is * invaluable * . 
  they end up implementing things , experimenting with them , changing them , etc. 
  anyway . 
  do that in the first place instead of spending months * actually * wasting time bikeshedding on fucking rfcs . 
   where he taught intelligence agency cadets as an english lecturer . 
  fuck the nz herald . 
  where he ** fucking claims ** he taught intelligence agency cadets as an english lecturer . 
  we have no fucking evidence that he taught them english , only taught them english , or taught anyone anything . 
  the fact of the matter is that he was a member of the plc , and therefore there is absolutely no reason to allow him into the country , let alone as a citizen , let alone as a fucking mp . 
   now this is obviously coming from the reknowned position of `` internet expert '' but the fact of the matter is , all china has to do in order to influence us is to threaten to do anything to our free trade agreement we have with them and we 'll essentially do whatever they want . 
  good .
