  mtgtop8 is far superior to mtggoldfish . 
  they are n't played in non-blue decks !, 
  those non-blue decks would continue to not play them !, 
  jund wo n't play jace . 
  jund wo n't disappear either . 
  the claim that ` all midrange decks will play jace ' is just idiotic . 
  no , but it being a bad threat compared to gurmag angler and tombstalker definitely does . 
  it 's very similar to gurmag angler . 
  it 's a big 1-mana non-flying threat that you ca n't play early that can usually attack through and kill tarmogoyf . 
  you are on 7 life and you have a death 's shadow . 
  your opponent plows it , you are now on 13 life . 
  your follow up death 's shadow is a 0/0 and dies immediately . 
  it 's a * dead card * . 
  vampire hexmage is bad why would n't you just use thespian 's stage instead ????? 
  which requires you to have a fetchland and a shockland in your library . 
  obviously you can * sometimes * do this , but realistically it 's a * massively * important interaction . 
  it puts you behind a lot . 
  swords is already super mana efficient , this also makes it a big tempo play . 
  if those cards were not in modern the format would be much worse . 
   we accept that you can have multiple incarnations of `` avacyn '' or `` omnath '' as long as the names are different , so why should n't planeswalkers be the same ? 
  because balance , because that 's how the game works , because there 's no reason to change . 
  counterspell is definitely a common . 
  nothing, 
  sued by nobody . 
  and this is an enchantment . 
  different types of hate . 
  standstill is not bad . 
  whether or not it 's a joke , the point stands . 
  if your shadow gets plowed then your next shadow is unplayable unless you lose more life . 
  shadow is just not a good card in the format . 
  there are much better threats . 
  it * has * been used . 
  it 's just not very good . 
   lol sure , i guess you 're right . 
  back before miracles was a deck it was a great card . 
  so its still a great card by your logic . 
  it 's literally a viable control deck at the moment though . 
  it 's just * objectively * a good and playable control deck . 
  it 's not tier 1 , but nobody that actually knows ** anything ** about legacy gives even the remotest shit whether a deck is tier 1 . 
   counterpoint : it has been used , the decks built around it just are n't optimized yet . 
  yes they are . 
  they 're just bad . 
   why do you care so much about stifling creativity ? 
  i do n't . 
  it 's just not good . 
  the decks have been tried and they just do n't compete . 
  it 's just not a good threat . 
  why play it when you can play gurmag angler ? 
  why play a deck that essentially makes it your goal to make storm able to kill you with a storm count of 3 or 4 ? 
  tombstalker then . 
  the point is that there are better cards to play . 
  fuck you could just play dark confidant and it would be better than death 's shadow in this deck . 
  ( maybe do n't play tombstalker then though . ), 
   viable is n't the same as good . 
  good is a much higher bar . 
  standstill is not just viable , it 's actually * good * right now . 
  just stop . 
  it 's exactly as good as it was when it was at the top of the meta . 
  7 matches in a row ? 
  obviously it must be that the deck is amazing , and totally not pilot skill from a top pro player or just * fucking luck * . 
  why would you play it in turbo depths when you can play it in uw helmstill ? 
  they seem to think that any card that was originally printed in an old frame and actually saw play in some sort of format somewhere is ` too good ' . 
  if you add them up ( based on current results ) , 1780 started in rtr , ths , ktk , bfz , soi , kld or akh blocks . 
  that 's roughly 40 % . 
  actually , seriously ? 
  that 's lower than i expected . 
  the way people normally talk around here i would guess more like 70 % of people started after m13 ( the set i consider the biggest turning point in magic 's power level in a very long time , removing good cantrips , 4-mana sweepers and birds of paradise in one fell swoop ) . 
  i wish they printed something along the lines of, 
  ` jackal creatures and wolf creatures you control are hounds . 
  hound creatures and wolf creatures you control are jackals . 
  jackal creatures and hound creatures you control are wolves . ', 
  on a jackal lord or something . 
  that does n't make him a troll . 
  love you dude, 
  i 'm not ` blaming luck ' . 
  i 'm saying that there are lots of explanations for a * single * copy of a deck doing well at a * single * tournament . 
  * pilot skill * and * simple luck * are much more likely to be the reason than inherent power of the deck itself , given lots of people have tried it before , in very similar shells , and seen zero success . 
  i 've never seen any evidence of that being true so excuse me if i take ` as far as i know ' with a grain of salt . 
  well i do n't know of a single mmorpg that is n't p2w now . 
  it does n't do anything great, 
  yes it 's awful . 
  given that runescape has had tens of millions of free players with essentially zero new content for 10 + years . . yes i can . 
  dungeon finders are shit, 
  that 's absurd . 
  our military forces should n't be anywhere that would put them in danger . 
  it is the * primary * cause . 
   and at any rate , he 's been banging on about immigrants for the last 20 years not because he actually cares in any form , but because it 's an easy way to pander to the vast majority of his supporters . 
  that 's because it 's been an issue for a very long time . 
  tell me you like going past those disgusting shops in riccarton with obnoxious signs all over the windows in foreign alphabets . 
   yeah i have an extremely hard time believing it . 
  while sure there are exclusive f2p players i have n't known many to be exclusive f2pers . 
  most people i 've seen in f2p usually are saving up for bonds or trying the game out for the first time/after long breaks . 
  bonds did n't exist before osrs . 
  so not , the f2p players that played for the * more than a decade * after membership was introduced were not ` saving up for bonds ' . 
   and then even taking your comment at face value i do not see people paying a sub for a game with zero new content . 
  if osrs had the same sub model as of now with no new content retention of subs would probably be complete shit . 
  sure f2p players would play without new content because they are n't paying money . 
  subs would n't sub anymore to play when they 've completed pretty much all the pve content and crafting content . 
  only people i could see staying for extended amounts of time are pvpers . 
  you can not ` complete pretty much all the pve content and crafting content ' .
