  yeah no . 
  they 're not going to do this . 
  they want people to skip levelling and spend extra $ $ $ . 
  plus removing all the content from the game - what that would do - would be stupid . 
  if they want to make the game actually good ( not just profitable , but genuinely good ) they should make the levelling experience fun and engaging and take time from level 1 to level 10 to level 60 to level 100 . 
  every single level should be fun , every single level should be engaging . 
   i do n't know what they 're going to do about heirlooms . 
  practically everyone has them , but you ca n't balance the leveling experience around them because there 'll always be new players . 
  personally i 'm in favor of them being debuffed, 
  they should be removed , as should all the xp buffs they 've added through the years . 
  the cataclysm expansion should be reverted and the levelling experience returned to how it was in vanilla/bc/wotlk . 
  or a new levelling experience in the same era . 
  the problem with the levelling nowadays is that the core gameplay is so fucking boring and terrible that they feel the need to ` spice it up ' with shitty vehicle combat sections and inane cutscenes and shitty encounters where you have to use ` special spells ' and shit . 
  this is entirely because the core gameplay loop fucking sucks dick and is the same in every single fight . 
  fighting things in the open world is so tedious because it 's way too quick . 
  you spam a couple of spells on each mob and they die . 
  there 's never any reason to play any sort of dot class while levelling because you cast a dot on a mob and it ticks for about 3s before the mob dies . 
  every single mob has the same strengths and weaknesses . 
  they should totally rework the combat system so that you have to approach different sorts of enemies differently . 
  ranged enemies should be qualitatively different from melee enemies and big beefy enemies should be qualitatively different from smaller enemies . 
  dungeons and dragons 4th edition had this concept of ` monster roles ' . 
  artillery were relatively stationary , but had high damage , and were usually quite flimsy . 
  brutes had high damage and high health but were n't tactically sophisticated . 
  soldiers were weaker than brutes but more tactical , and had better defences and were better at protecting allies . 
  skirmishers had high mobility , generally came in higher numbers but are physically weaker . 
  lurkers have evasive abilities and can hide and tend to jump out and attack weak characters . 
  controllers had more crowd-control abilities than others . 
  leaders had more auras or buffs and should have a commanding role in fights . 
  this was hidden from players , it was purely a dming tool to help dms make combat encounters feel qualitatively different . 
  they were n't just + x + y - z - w stats . 
  they were genuine tactical differences . 
  the encounters felt different . 
  in mmos , if you 're lucky ranged and melee mobs will be different and that 's it . 
  almost all cheat software is written for profit . 
  kids using cheats to impress their friends are almost all script kiddies that have downloaded a script from the web , infected their computer with keyloggers and are about to get rekt . 
  half of . . what problem ? 
  as he says , gdb is n't easy to learn but it is easy to use . 
  that 's common with unix-y tools . 
  it 's not a bad thing . 
   removing heirlooms will never happen , people have spent money on them . 
  when did heirlooms start costing money ? 
   i agree with you that open world combat is too easy . 
  however i would never want to level an alt without xp boosts . 
  doing the same content for the 5th time is n't fun, 
  yes it is , if the content is fun in the first place it 's fun the fifth time . 
  chess is fun after 1000 games . 
  dota is fun after 5000 hours ( i know this from experience . ), 
  if the game is fun because of the gameplay being fun , it is fun the 5th time for sure . 
  especially because you 're doing it with a different class that has a different set of skills and abilities and has to approach combat in a different way . 
  the problem is that wow 's gameplay is n't fun . 
  what is fun is seeing the story unfold . 
  so of course it sucks the 5th time . 
   yeah sorry , meant gold . 
  oh , right . 
  i do n't think they 'll care about retaining that functionality then . 
   i just disagree dude , i did n't like leveling all that much in bc and i do n't really like it now . 
  right so that 's the issue then , right ? 
  it 's not actually fun gameplay the first time or the fifth time or the fiftieth time . 
  individual combat encounters in wow are n't fun . 
  it 's just a grind to get to a skinner box . 
   i saw you arguing with another guy about objectivity in another thread . 
  is n't this a perfect example ? 
  you find dota fun after 5000 hours but i 'd just be bashing my brains out . 
  but dota is fun after 2500 hours or 5000 hours because it 's a deep game with a lot of things to master . 
  there 's a huge variety of strategy and tactics and mechanical skills to master . 
  i 'm not saying everyone will find it fun . 
  some people just do n't like it . 
  but if you find it fun after a few matches , you 're likely to find it fun pretty much forever . 
   i enjoy wow 's gameplay , maybe you think i 'm an idiot for that but i really do . 
  looking at the current subscriber numbers i think alot of people agree with me . 
  just because its not your thing does n't make it objectively bad, 
  i do n't think you 're an idiot . 
  i just do n't know why someone would . 
  what is interesting or fun or engaging about wow 's combat ? 
  it 's just spamming one skill over and over again and that 's enough to kill basically any mob in the game . 
  because it 's extremely casual, 
  personally i agree with most of your points . 
  i 'm still not convinced by the first point though . 
  why should it be necessary to work in a group to level up ? 
  mmorpgs can be social as games without being party experiences . 
  i do n't think that levelling is particularly enjoyable or interesting in vanilla/bc either . 
  but it is certainly more challenging . 
  and world pvp is another factor . 
  fat people smell . 
  all fat people smell . 
  i do n't really care whether you 're depressed or have a disability . 
  if you stink you should sort it out . 
  nobody at any lgs i 've been to in nz smells . 
  well maybe very very occasionally . 
  but really , this seems mostly to be an american problem . 
  maybe it 's because americans are fatter . 
  draft is far from skill-testing . 
  at least a third of games of draft are decided by mana screw or mana flood . 
  that means 2/3 of matches have at least one game decided by mana screw or mana flood . 
  this is way rarer in formats where people can play fewer lands and more cantrips , and where curves are lower and spells are cheaper and more effective . 
  draft is also much more decided by bombs than constructed formats because the answers in draft are so awful . 
  in constructed , if someone plays a tarmogoyf , oh well , you can just swords to plowshares is . 
  hardly the same in draft . 
  the inconsistency of decks in draft is n't made up for by them being only 40 cards , which makes games even more random . 
  playing only 3 matches of draft means that you 're massively exposed to rng .
