  ca n't believe sweden made new laws over their archaic ones to shut down a service that was denying ip owners the right to be paid for their products . 
  i did n't say it was a bad thing that they passed those laws . 
   the right to be paid for their products, 
  you do n't have the right to be paid for anything by anyone . 
  you have the right to require that you are paid before someone can get your product . 
  big difference . 
   almost as though , if you / were / even the slightest bit right , you 'd be acknowledging that laws are archaic and need to be updated to reflect the rapidly changing scene of technology to correctly protect ip owners . 
  quite the opposite in fact . 
  trying to fight the improvement of society and movement towards post-scarcity is stupid . 
  you ca n't give a * copy * to your friends without any consequences . 
  why would that be allowed ? 
  but you * can * resell your bought goods , and that has been ruled to apply to bought software on that basis . 
  i do n't think a top 16 without ds puts a hole in that . 
   interesting and unexpected data point, 
  only if you do n't understand probability imo, 
  when you 're playing against more grindy decks , you generally want to make your grindy card advantage engine better . 
  so if someone is playing lands in a grindy meta , one thing they can do to improve their matchups is adding a second or third tranquil thicket . 
  inevitably if they do well , morons that netdeck from mtgtop8 will bandwagon their changes . 
  but there 's a reason . 
  get mad kid, 
   ( too many searing blaze on the main and too many fetches with nothing to fetch thus not allowing me to `` filter '' the deck ), 
  that 's not why you play fetchlands . 
  you play fetchlands to fix your mana so you always have the mana you need . 
  you definitely do n't play fetchlands to ` thin ' your deck . 
  that 's statistically imperceptible . 
   i do n't see burn as well placed as before in the meta . 
  lol the best deck in the format is damaging itself , on purpose , in order to play creatures that ca n't attack through the ensnaring bridges you are already playing . 
  do n't be ridiculous . 
  i totally and entirely agree with shane jones here . 
  gangs in nz are called gangs for a reason . 
  they are organised crime groups , they sell drugs , they make drugs , they rob people . 
  the media is far , far too lenient on them . 
  their appalling pr efforts are lapped up by our retarded media . 
  \\  implying there 's something wrong with hating organised crime groups that sell drugs , rob people and rape women with alarming frequency, 
  dumbarse *, 
  hate does n't require energy , nor is it incompatible with understanding the causes . 
  the media cozy up to the gangs . 
  they love to advertise their awful pr and recruitment campaigns under the guise of ` food in schools ' . 
  christchurch does n't need more density . 
  pretty is not expensive . 
  the city still looks like a disaster because the government has put in * zero * effort to help the city . 
  because it 's an outlier . 
  outliers are n't interesting . 
  it 's unlikely that a particular tournament will be an outlier , but the probability of at least one tournament being an outlier is high . 
  that confuses people . 
  you literally do n't understand what i 'm saying . 
  a tournament not having any gds is not interesting , because it 's just one tournament . 
  it 's an outlier . 
  it 's not interesting . 
  you should counter cantrips only if your opponent is missing land drops . 
  i 'm not saying ignore it . 
  i 'm saying that the `` see , death 's shadow is n't oppressive '' comments are fallacious . 
   half the utility, 
  99 % of the point of knight of the reliquary is turn 4 double wasteland . 
  you do n't need many lands to fetch . . 
  8-seas merfolk is a thing, 
   well the people in ` gangs ' are usually good people as well . 
  no , they are not . 
  they are absolutely not good people . 
  they are criminal , drug-dealing rapists . 
   the media and the government portray gangs in a very one-dimensional way , and this may go some of the way to explain your somewhat one-dimensional view of how ` gangs ' fit into society . 
  they portray organised crime groups as criminal , yes . 
  it 's almost like that 's their defining characteristic . 
   those sandwiches are real . 
  the time and effort to source , prepare , make , wrap , and deliver that food , is all real . 
  real children are benefiting from very real , very compassionate and nutritious industry . 
  yes , they put real effort into their marketing and recruitment campaigns . 
   if that was white people making food to share in their community , would you treat their participation in this act with such suspicion and paranoia ? 
  it has nothing to do with their skin colour and everything to do with them being drug-dealing rapists . 
   gangs and other political groups have been formed for reasons exactly like these - a way to counter discrimination and stigma . 
  a way to prevent being colonised . 
  gangs are not political groups , they are organised crime groups . 
   do you think the outward hostility they sometimes show is all there is to them ? 
  outward hostility like extortion , rape , drug-dealing and murder ? 
   when you see people in gangs do nazi salutes , do you realise they do them to express that old adage - that the enemy of my enemy is my friend ? 
  a tradition of mimic-ing nazi behaviour , has always sought make it clear they are against the british government and all it 's offices in new zealand . 
  they do nazi salutes because they 're white supremacist scum that should be shot . 
   these traditions of resistance goes back to and before the arrest of rua kenana in 1916 - when the government was targeting rua and other land activists to imprison them , their faith , their language , and their ideas . 
  they 're organised crime gangs . 
   depending on who you are , being in a ` gang ' could be a sanctuary away from what might be described as a non-consented royal-colonial-paramilitary governance . 
  what a load of horseshit . 
   why do you think one of our group is called ` black power ' ? 
  do you think the name is just a faded reference to the 60s civil rights movement , if even that ? 
  because they 're morons that draw inspiration from american gangs that are 10x as dangerous , just like the moronic youth streets gangs that call themselves ` bloods ' and ` crips ' and would shit their pants at the sight of the real thing . 
   and they 'll make themselves blue in the face trying to maintain the lie that these groups we call gangs are about nothing but violence and crime . 
  stop being a rape apologist . 
  stop being a drug dealing apologist . 
  stop being a methamphetamine apologist . 
  stop being a robbery apologist . 
  stop being a murder apologist . 
  immediate public disclosure is not a ` horrible idea ' . 
  it 's entirely standard practice . 
  that 's fair, 
  wasteland is about much more than ` colour screw ' . 
  mtg has a lot of extremely powerful utility lands , and being able to interact with them without wasting non-land spots on land destruction is really important . 
  you are wrong . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/full_disclosure_ ( computer_security ), 
   low labour productivity, 
  i hate this term because it sounds like it 's blaming workers for being lazy . 
  but it 's actually the result of ** severe ** lack of investment in r&d in nz .
