  it 's just stupid . 
  additional government revenues should go to whatever needs funding . 
  everything the government does is important , whether it 's healthcare or schools or conservation or anything else . 
  so no , it 's not going to be a ` net positive ' to earmark taxes in a ` special economic zone ' that restricts workers ' rights , immigration laws and the rma for conservation . 
  they 'll just make that the only source of conservation funding . 
  there 's absolutely no way that would turn out well . 
  we do n't need ` international money and investment ' . 
  these are exactly the areas where we need our environmental laws , immigration laws and other laws : the areas they most want to suspend them . 
   right-wing voices do make regular appearances . 
  that 's the problem . 
   arabs needing dictators to keep them in place because they 're too backwards for western values . 
  . . are n't they ? 
  when has democracy worked in any arab state ? 
  i reckon just get rid of anything written by that moron mihirangi forbes . 
  she 's basically the official spokesman of the maori party . 
   you realise its never just a couple , its a never ending shitfest of `` why is n't this excluded '' and by making nothing excluded it stops this time wasting debate so they can focus on actual issues . 
  look at the uk constantly arguing over exemptions . 
  people will always have moronic political debates about things that do n't matter . 
  yes it gets on my tits ( and i do n't even have tits ) when people whine unendingly about whether or not tampons should be taxed . 
  but it does n't actually make it difficult to * enforce * . 
  that 's not to say i think we should have exemptions . 
  i do n't see the need for any . 
  i also do n't think excise taxes do much : restricting sale to particular locations would do much better . 
  removing excise tax from alcohol sold in bars would be a much , much better way to curb problem drinking than just raising the excise taxes every year , it would support restaurants and bars , it would discourage ` preloading ' , it would encourage people to make the place they drink a community place where they ca n't be sold alcohol if they 're drink , it would discourage underage drinking , etc. 
  tobacco excise taxes only seem to punish people for being addicted to something . 
  i 've never , ever heard of anyone quitting smoking because it cost too much . 
  the lack of spending so much money is always given as an upside of not smoking , but the cost is n't the reason anyone quits . 
  people quit because it 's killing them . 
  the main benefit that gst brings is an amazing paper trail from the consumer right through suppliers and distributors . 
  makes money laundering extremely hard . 
  that 's not at all the main benefit of gst . 
  who told you that ? 
  the main benefit of gst is that it 's very difficult to get out of paying it . 
  you ca n't get out of it using transfer pricing or anything like that , like you can with income tax . 
  but it 's still regressive . 
   if we abolish gst , what system would you recommend that can quite accurately replace `` here 's the gst paid ( and refunded ) on 25000 ball bearings , yet you report you sold 100,000 . 
  the company you claim you bought this from has no records of supplying it to you '' ? 
  the ird does n't supply the police with that sort of information . 
  anecdotes are n't data except in much larger quantities than you have . 
  the reality is that maori and pacific islanders are heavily overweight on average . 
  this skews our stats , as we have a lot of polynesian people in nz . 
  the same with smoking stats . 
   no one is paying farmers , x dollars per litre , for pumping water out of a bore on their own property . 
  yes we are . 
  it should cost x dollars per litre , and they 're getting it for free . 
  that 's exactly the same as charging them x dollars per litre and then giving them x dollars per litre back . 
  it 's a subsidy . 
  they have lots of negative externalities . 
  allowing those externalities to exist is equivalent to a subsidy . 
   we should probably charge something though , although any tax on a taonga may well belong to maori . 
  water belongs to new zealand . 
  not specifically to maori . 
  what the fuck . 
   are taxpayers bottling it up and sprinkling it on paddocks ? 
  how much did you personally pay for dairy irrigation last year ? 
  wasting water , a limited resource , on dirty industry , is wrong . 
  it 's wrong , and it 's essentially a subsidy . 
   firstly , engaging with someone who thinks the media is the problem will never end constructively . 
  you must understand that both sides think the media treat them unfairly . 
  truth is it 's probably about even . 
  and one of those sides is right , and the other is wrong . 
  the massive right-wing bias of the media that they have in australia or the uk is n't as present here , that is true . 
  but the media is by no means balanced . 
  they are still biased towards the right . 
  they just are n't virtually all owned by rupert murdoch like in those countries . 
   the second thing you must understand about the media is that they owe you ( politicians ) nothing . 
  if a party 's people ca n't make it stick in the media then they 're not good enough , simple as that . 
  spinning your way past media bias should n't be a job requirement for politicians . 
  rubbish . 
  they thought people would * put up with * faster rotations because their experience is that magic players put up with a lot of other greedy changes . 
  it turned out to be a step too far for players . 
   however , some cards leave standard more quickly as a result, 
  it would last only 15 months under the 18-month schedule anyway . 
  fuck them . 
  fuck limited players . 
  i get it , limited is fun . 
  but 90 % of the cards they print are only useful in limited . 
  they design reprint sets for constructed formats primarily for limited play . 
  they design the entire bloody game around limited . 
  they already make the game more expensive for everyone else by making all the good removal uncommon or rare . 
  they do n't also get to make the game more expensive for everyone else by wanting to ` go infinite ' . 
  limited is still the cheapest way to play the game if * every dollar * you spend on it is a sunk cost . 
  and the only reason it 's so expensive is mythics and all the power in the set being concentrated at rare and mythic . 
  hearthstone is n't a tcg , and is n't a well-designed game either . 
  wild is nothing like vintage . 
  vintage and standard could have coexisted . 
  neither would need to be more expensive than the other . 
  standard would be more expensive over time , but a more varied format with a different focus and power level . 
  instead wotc killed vintage by making it cost * tens * of thousands of dollars , ** on purpose ** . 
  that 's * just not true * . 
  a wealth tax would not discourage saving . 
  it would discourage ` investment ' in property . 
  it benefits everyone equally . 
  gifting water to farmers is something that exclusively benefits farmers . 
  farmers are a rich elite . 
  these are n't the farmers of your childhood . 
  they are big corporate businesses these days . 
   well , we do n't want to force the opponent to remind you of your triggers , plus you might or might not want to use these abilities ( resto angel , reclamation sage ) . 
  but we do want to force the opponent to remind you of your continuous effects ? 
  both players should be responsible for maintaining all aspects of the game state .
