   puppet panel, 
  stupid idea . 
  ti should be serious, 
  side content is a worthless waste of time . 
  just every hero being more tanky , more overpowered , and more boring . 
  q should be reverted to what it was in the `` op '' days because the hero was never actually every overpowered in any sense . 
  maybe some of the numbers were a little too high ? 
  okay , so nerf the numbers a little bit like every other hero . 
  totally reworking the hero into being utterly useless was wrong . 
  people that complain about techies are just like people that complain about riki or people that complain about spirit breaker or people that complain about ` antifun ' . 
  they 're whiners and they should be ignored . 
  every hero is ` awful to play against ' if you 're bad , including techies . 
  that does n't mean they should be reworked as he was . 
  no he does n't . 
  so get rid of the vision then . . do n't destroy the hero 's fun abilities . 
  that 's completely the opposite . 
  techies should be like he used to be but without the obnoxious tusk combo . 
  the tusk shit was just awful . 
  yet another example of dota players not understanding that a tiny nerf to a strong hero does n't make it unplayable garbage . 
  yes , which had nothing to do with his q. 
  so why was it changed ? 
  no , they do n't . 
  good dota makes ti what it is . 
  no you do n't . 
  i skipped most of it previous years , and did n't enjoy it this year . 
  that 's why they get different people on the panel later . 
  yes it is . 
  you do n't have to earn an income . 
  no we fucking should n't . 
  we should train new zealanders to be doctors . 
  we have no shortage of people that want to train . 
  no it does n't, 
  not at all . 
  games are no different from any other software . 
  all software should be free . 
  i mean . . obviously that 's how they balance cards . 
  they balance cards based on how they work under the rules . 
  no , it should n't . 
  awaken would be way too strong if that were the case . 
  that 's not unintuitive . 
  that 's totally intuitive . 
  what is intuitive is that multi-target spells do n't do the same thing . 
  that is what should be changed . 
  it 's not a ` weird edge case ' . 
  it 's a core part of the rules of the game , has been for ages , and is known by every player . 
  it comes up * all the time * . 
  this makes it less consistent . 
   that 's just an interaction you have to know that does not make sense . 
  just like you have to know every interaction . 
  and you 're wrong . 
  it makes perfect sense . 
  totally disagree . 
  it makes perfect sense . 
  sad indeed . 
  wotc so incompetent . 
  that 's inane . 
  blue is not the best colour in any format . 
  modern and standard colour balance is demonstrably not fine . 
   since spreading counterspells around would n't solve the problem in eternal , and there is n't a problem that needs solving outside of eternal , i do n't see much reason to do it . 
  ` eternal ' is not a format . 
  yes there is . 
  the evidence is that if the rules worked differently , the cards would be costed differently as that changes their power level . 
   there is no evidence that , when costing these , they consider whether or not the ability the cantrip effect is attached to is a single target ability or not . 
  well they obviously do , as that is part of what makes them good or not . 
  you 'll have to find some strong evidence to prove they 've never , ever considered this though . 
  you need to teach that you can multiblock . 
  should wotc remove multiblocking ? 
   complexity is inherently undesirable . 
  that is completely untrue . 
   why keep this edge case in the rules ? 
  it does n't exactly come up very often . 
  it comes up all the time . 
  do you actually play mtg or do you just discuss it on the internet ? 
   does it make the game more fun ? 
  yes, 
  what the hell are you talking about ? 
  in no possible way would that be reasonable or balanced . 
   the problem is that new players are surprised that the rest of the spell ( maybe some card draw or life gain ) does n't occur . 
  no they are n't . 
   i suppose , but there 's still the rules-warping thing where `` spell fizzles '' supersedes `` follow instructions as best you can '' . 
  that 's not rules-warping . 
  it is the rules . 
   i can also see why they , as a business , are catering to new players , even when it sucks that they 're changing rules i know really well . 
  new players do not find this complicated or difficult or unintuitive . 
  damage using the stack was stupid , made no sense , and confused players . 
  this is n't stupid , it makes sense , and it does n't confuse anyone . 
  no , it would n't . 
  it would not lower barrier to entry , because it 's not something anyone finds confusing or difficult . 
  it 's just obviously and clearly how the game works : spells are countered by the game if they have no legal targets when they resolve . 
  that 's just obvious . 
   without compromising much if any strategy complexity, 
  on the contrary , it actually removes a lot of strategic complexity . 
   special case, 
  no , it 's not a special case . 
  it 's the normal , default case . 
  some but not all of the targets of a spell with multiple targets being illegal is the special case , and that is what should change . 
   the alternative would be that the special case is removed . 
  they are n't going to do that . 
  they are n't going to make a spell with 10 targets get countered if one of them becomes illegal . 
  they should , because that 's a stupid special case , but they wo n't .
