   instead of blaming the culture of indian students coming here , we should look into why we have so many shitty private training institutes . 
  we should blame our own culture of greedy money grabbing institutes and our greedy politicians who benefit from this . 
  what happened to responsibility ? 
  why is it never the fault of these students ? 
  lied on their visa applications ? 
  oh it 's the fault of the agents they use . 
  went to a bad training institute ? 
  oh it 's the fault of the institute . 
  is anything actually their responsibility , ever ? 
   lets not kid ourselves , some of our economy also rely on the fees that these students pay . 
  not really . 
  when i tutored maths courses at the university i did postgraduate study at , the students that barely spoke english and were presumably paying international fees took up a gigantic portion of my time . 
  and , not to put too fine a point on it , this was * maths * . 
  asians are great at maths . 
  and they were , genuinely , good at maths . 
  they knew it . 
  but they were still very time-intensive and effort-intensive to tutor because of the language barrier . 
  i think that the idea that our universities depend on foreign students financially is rather ridiculous to be honest . 
   the poor students are basically spending all their family 's life savings in the promise of a better life here by those institutes . 
  most of these people speak and read english . 
  they could do the barest bit of research on these places before spending tens of thousands of dollars on them . 
  i 'd like to see both : a drastic reduction in immigration and a massive increase in infrastructure spending . 
  `` left wing '' does n't mean `` green party voter that loves identity politics and unlimited immigration '' . 
   wrong . 
  tory specifically refers to the british conservative party , the fact of which is emphasized when you look at the fact that no other english speaking country refers to their right wing party as the tories . 
  except for new zealand , probably because new zealand is culturally the closest to britain of the commonwealth countries . 
   agree on company taxation . 
  disagree on land value tax as a source of revenue . 
  what else would we tax ? 
   asset valuations sway much more than gdp/economic activity does . 
  in a recession gdp might retreat a couple of percent while assets fall by double digits . 
  you get a major change in your tax take while economic activity barely blips . 
  land value tax ca n't be a big revenue earner . 
  it 's not stable enough . 
  it 's hard to value fairly . 
  well we would ( obviously ? 
  or not obviously ? ), 
  value land based not on some arbitrary valuation or previous sales prices , but simply based on a formula based on the location and size of the land and what it can be used for . 
  land that is zoned for more intensive economic activity would be taxed more highly . 
  land that can be subdivided would be taxed more highly than land that ca n't be . 
  land that can have an apartment block on it would be taxed highly , to encourage that to happen . 
   and land does n't produce all that much income ( at least gdp-measurable income ) . 
  i do n't think that taxing income makes much sense . 
  you can have a lot of income and little wealth . 
  you can have a lot of wealth and little income . 
  ultimately what 's fairest is to tax wealth , and the best way to do that is to tax land imo , because that drives the best incentives ( efficient land use and discouragement from investment in real estate ) . 
  i do n't really understand what you mean . 
  do you mean like some sort of assumed ` if you have $ x worth of assets then you 're taxed on your income or $ f ( x ) , whichever is higher , where f is some function ' ? 
   for businesses on the way up , or smaller businesses , it 's slightly different but getting rid of corporate tax does n't necessarily make everyone more productive . 
  it sounds like you 'd get rid of the ability to offset losses , which would be a massive blow to people starting new companies that need to take out loans and lose some money for the first couple of years . . 
   quite difficult apparently . 
  you lot do n't understand that water is already a scarce and expensive resource . 
  water is in fact free for farmers . 
  this is idiotic . 
   except it is already scarce , expensive to use and used efficiently for those exact reasons . 
  it being scarce is exactly why it needs a royalty and to be used as efficiently as possible . 
   references required . 
  canterbury, 
   you literally used the word `` anyone '' . 
  yes , i did . 
  what of it ? 
   in this very fucking thread people are discussing racist interactions . 
  because certain groups of the population interpret every negative experience they have with a white person as racism . 
   you are being racist . 
  no , i am not . 
  did you read my comment at all ? 
  i said nothing negative about any race . 
   you 're generalising entire cultures, 
  that 's how cultures work . 
  people within a culture have common traits and beliefs and ways of doing things . 
  that 's what a culture is . 
  stating things about a culture is n't ` generalisation ' any more than saying that mathematicians are good at mathematics is a generalisation . 
   and choosing which ones you like and which ones you do n't . 
  well yeah , obviously . 
  i assume you must be a big fan of subjugating women , stoning rape victims and executing gay people , right ? 
  because no culture can ever do anything wrong . 
  christ , i think some people actually genuinely believe the only culture that exists is fucking ` rape culture ' or something . 
  this is better than it looks . 
  by being voluntary it is n't as good as it could be , of course , but it is good . 
  if you have a rental property that is a little short of the standards , in a way you can easily resolve , you have a huge incentive to improve your property . 
  that 's really great !, 
   there 's finite space in the world, 
  and this finite bit of space is ours , and it 's fantastic , and the reason it 's fantastic is that it is n't full of the sort of people that have ruined the other places in the world . 
  that 's not how statistics works . 
  at most 25 % of people can be paid the top 25 % of salaries . 
  no , it 's because they can pay little and have the lack of supply of labour made up for by immigration . 
   they do n't give much explanation of why their estimated optimum immigration rate over the next 10 years is so low . 
  they 're not low . 
  10k-12k people per year is not a small number . 
  it 's still a mammoth number of people . 
  counterspell , fact or fiction , mana leak , preordain , ponder , etc. 
  none of these would be overpowered in standard . 
  obviously not all at once , that would indeed be overpowered , but any one of them in standard would be completely fine . 
  it 's an idiotic system . 
  tourism is a shitty industry and we should find better things, 
  neither of these are good ideas . 
  you do n't need either . 
   this is what everyone says once they 're in a good place . 
  ` this is awesome , no one else now , you 'll ruin it . ', 
  well they can make their own place really nice and then not let us in .
