  the mulligan rule was completing totally totally different . 
  they want to clean up an inconsistency ( in totally the wrong way , of course , as per usual ) . 
  they are going to cost the card based on whether it 's too powerful at a particular mana cost . 
  its power level is affected by a million different things . 
  one of those is this effect . 
  the idea that this effect could tip the balance between something costing one mana cost or another is not strange or unusual . 
  they do n't base mana costs on some magic formula , they base them on playing with the card and thinking about it . 
   yeah , but if they were correct , they would n't need to learn another rule in the long list of rules that mtg has . 
  and the people that assume the obviously intuitively and correct rule will have to learn this new rule , as will ** literally every single existing and returning player ** . 
   it comes up a lot . 
  i do n't doubt that . 
  but when it does come up , i just do n't see much loss in strategic depth . 
  the proposed rule change replaces most instances of strategic choice with another , whether it is on the same side of the table , or the opposite . 
  could you or someone else explain the strategic depth that is lost ? 
  have you never played with or against cryptic command ? 
  you have to learn every rule in magic . 
  and no , it does not make it unintuitive . 
  a rule can require you to learn it and still be intuitive , like this , because it 's a rule that people learn once ( or just figure out themselves , because it 's clearly and obviously the only way it could work reasonably ) and never have to think about again . 
  a rule can require you to learn it and be unintuitive , for example a rule that people consistently get wrong even after learning . 
  this is an intuitive rule . 
   if it were intuitive , every single new player would n't get caught by it the first time ( at least , some people learn slowly ) . 
  correct . 
  and they are n't . 
   new players all get caught by this because they see two lines of text , one says `` destroy target creature '' the other says `` draw a card '' . 
  they intuitively understand that giving the creature hexproof makes the first effect not occur , but then get confused that they ca n't draw their card . 
  you make this claim , but it just is n't true . 
  in the same way that you should have the right to modify and maintain your car , you should have the right to modify and maintain your software . 
  this is n't ` fringe case ' . 
  this is 99.9 % of cases of spells having their targets removed . 
  it 's far far far more common than spells with multiple targets having some but not all of their targets removed . 
  that is the fringe case . 
  well obviously we do n't have access to their design logs . 
  what kind of idiot are you ? 
   if it was my first time playing and i casted cryptic command with `` bounce target permanent - draw a card '' i would , and i believe at least a majority of new players , would expect to always draw that card if you bounce the permanent i targeted in response . 
  it is n't your first time playing . 
  you already want to believe that this is unintuitive . 
  but it is n't . 
   now the more ridiculously confusing part , is say im a new player and i just casted cryptic command like that and got blown out and did n't get to draw my card . 
  i 'm playing my next game , i cast cryptic command again but with `` tap all creatures target player controls - bounce target permanent '' . 
  my opponent again bounces his permanent in response . 
  many new players will now assume that cryptic command should n't tap his creatures , since when it happened last time it did n't let him draw a card , why would i still get to tap the creatures ? 
  as has already been explained in this thread , the case of a spell with multiple targets is the fringe case , and if anything needs to be changed it is that case . 
  not the standard , normal , 99.999 % of the time case . 
   enfranchised players understand that its because draw a card does n't target , but tap all creatures target player controls does , and since there are multiple targets you still get the other half of cryptic , but players who have played magic for less than a year and have never read any rules interactions wo n't understand this complexity very consistently . 
  again you can just repeat this bollocks as much as you like but it just is not true . 
  try to actually learn something about computability theory before making any more comments on the subject . 
   from what i 've seen , more introductive players are on the assumption that the proposed rule is what actually happens . 
  well you are wrong . 
  they do not assume that . 
  50 % will guess one way , 50 % will guess the other . 
  as has been said before in these sorts of discussions , the fault is entirely on wotc for not properly communicating the rules to players . 
  what other game does n't come with a fucking rule book ? 
   slightly under 3 % of cards in standard can fizzle ( by which i mean , they would lose an extra bit of effect by fizzling . 
  there 's a lot more that can fizzle , but would n't change if the rules did . ), 
  the number of cards that can fizzle vs. the number of times spells fizzle . 
  two very very different things . 
   it may come up more often in modern/legacy/vintage / edh/etc , but development does n't typically balance for those formats , instead controlling them with bans ( though they will occasionally avoid doing something because they think it 'll negatively effect one of those formats , they do n't actually test that ) . 
  that 's not how magic works . 
  what they balance and design cards for vs. how they make the rules are not , even remotely , the same thing . 
  rubbish . 
  that 's what the entire thread is about . 
   if players assume they know how something works , they will play the game without checking the specific rules first . 
  then they 'll do that with every rule . 
  are we going to turn magic into hearthstone because a bunch of 12-year-olds are playing it wrong ? 
  who fucking cares if casual players play some of the cards wrong ? 
  does it matter ? 
  they 're still having fun . 
  eventually they 'll play against someone that is capable of reading and learn to play properly . 
  until then they 'll have fun . 
  i had plenty of fun when i fetched a forest from my deck every time i tapped llanowar elves . 
   this is n't a rules interaction that is specified in any quick start guide . 
  i went through an official 16pg guide and did n't find it . 
  players often quickly learn that if an opponent bolts their creature in response to the giant growth , they wo n't get a pumped creature , but it takes a while for newer players to learn that they wo n't get additional effects as well . 
  again , the whole fucking idiotic problem with this sort of discussion is that players not knowing the rule does n't matter for casual players , but even if it did , then wotc is perfectly capable of communicating it to players better . 
   trample , double blocking , deathtouch , and lifelink are all intuitive . 
  no they absolutely are not . 
  those abilities all have extremely complicated interactions with each other and with other abilities . 
   countering an awakened part the waterveil by destroying a land is counter-intuitive . 
  it 's completely and entirely intuitive . 
   you ca n't both say `` too bad they need to learn the rules '' to everyone that misses the interaction and claim that people do n't miss the interaction . 
  yes i can . 
   players do n't gravitate towards the unintuitive play , so when you see this many people talking about bad beats in the thread , there is definitely something behind it . 
  no , there is n't . 
  people that worked it out just do n't comment . 
  people that did n't do comment . 
  it 's confirmation bias , nothing more . 
  yeah it 's called manaless dredge . 
  no he absolutely has n't . 
  he said he wanted to ` fix ' it . 
  that means nothing . 
  it absolutely is how statistics works . 
  there is no reason for players to assume one way or the other . 
  no factor influences them in either direction . 
  players just guess how it works . 
  they 'll continue to just guess how it works if they change it . 
  modern is an awful format , and it will continue to be an awful format until pod , bbe , twin , sfm and jace are unbanned . 
  unbanning twin is n't a meme, 
  modern 's problem with linear aggressive decks has been around for years . 
  modern 's problem with linear aggressive decks has been around for years . 
  that 's a good thing .
