  loved ones ?? 
  car accidents ? 
   in fact , i 've never been included in a census poll, 
  the whole point of a census is that it surveys every single person . 
  yes they are . 
  cnn for example is extremely right-wing by the standards of anyone not in the us . 
  what is this formatting ? 
  who added this rest crap to the linux kernel ? 
  that is the linux kernel codingstyle document . 
  that 's because * it is corruption * . 
   such a laughable statement . 
  nz is the furthest thing from ` full ' . 
  london alone has twice to population of your whole country and its a single city . 
  you 're not full . 
  london is incredibly overcrowded . 
  new zealand does n't want to be like the uk , which is incredibly crowded . 
   oh would you look at that !, 
  plenty of space for the red blooded white folk i see !, 
  yes , because new zealand 's population growth amongst white people is low . 
   in england , expressing such sentiment would be outwardly racist . 
  no , it would n't . 
  it would be * perceived * by the * loony left * ( which most certainly is not the traditional left , which strongly opposed globalisation and freedom of movement because of its effect on wages which we have subsequently seen ) as racist . 
  but it is in fact not racist to be against high levels of immigration . 
   if they change the cz everyone will just move to the deagle , if they nerf the deagle people will just start full saving . 
  good . 
  people should either full save , or buy deagle , or full buy . 
  the idiotic half-buying meta is just boring and shit . 
  this game is not counter-strike . 
  in counter-strike , people that buy a pistol and full armour on a save are called retards , not applauded and rewarded by the game mechanics . 
  the earthquake costs were already saved . 
  the eqc has rainy day funds for natural disasters . 
  that 's why the eqc levy went up after the earthquake , to help refill that fund . 
  the earthquake has n't cost the government a significant amount . 
  also labour set up the eqc . 
  that 's just not true . 
  pa is not like that , and neither is slark . 
  slark and pa both spent a great deal of time just being solid situational picks . 
   they also accused him of being a spy and that he was trained by spies rather than the truth which is he taught english to intelligence gatherers . 
  except that there is no evidence of his claim , and intelligence gatherers * are * spies . 
  they were denied and that 's it ? 
  of course they were fucking denied . 
  that does n't mean they are n't true . 
  do some fucking journalism and ** investigate ** . 
  there 's no evidence he only taught them english . 
  there 's no evidence he only taught them english . 
  no they are not . 
  media is not allowed to be biased . 
  nothing changes at any tax bracket . 
  income tax will remain exactly the same as it was . 
  wow that 's actually a pretty good idea . 
  nothing needs to be taught . 
  our political system is fucking trivial . 
  counterspell is an incredibly awkward card . 
   we have the ( imo ) most flavorful set ever, 
  much less flavourful than innistrad, 
   filled with powerful cool cards ( and oh yes , pirates and dinos ), 
  not really . 
  lightning strike and opt are n't actually powerful . 
  they 're a bad approximation of powerful cards . 
  they just seem powerful beside the * utter trash * they 've printed recently . 
   dinosaurs vs. pirates just really does n't resonate with me the way other magic things have - it feels kind of campy and would not have surprised me as a theme for an unset if you had told me about it years ago . 
  god yes . 
  it 's so childish . 
  what next , ` lolol ninjas vs. pirates ' or some shit ? 
  cats are a stupid and terrible card type . 
  they 're incredibly childish . 
  there 's no such thing as ` math ' . 
  it 's called maths . 
  you 're in new zealand . 
  learn to write . 
  maths , history , health studies , science and technology are not ` trivial ' in any way . 
  what a stupid , inane thing for you to say . 
  you clearly have absolutely no idea how any of those things work . 
  the voting system ? 
  it 's incredibly simple . 
  super simple . 
  look at policies . 
  which do you like the most ? 
  vote for them . 
  it does n't need to be taught . 
  it 's fucking basic . 
  the problem is people not being enrolled to vote , which is solved by actually enforcing the fucking law that says that you are required to enrol to vote . 
  anyone that does n't enrol to vote should be fined $ 1000 and prevented from getting any government assistance ( including benefits , student loans , and access to public education , access to public roads , access to public hospitals , etc. ), 
  for the next 3 years unless it was genuinely beyond their control . 
  and ignorance is no excuse . 
  do you think anyone would forget to enrol then ? 
  no , of course not . 
   so no , young adults absolutely should be exposed to politics early . 
  they 're likely too young to have been heavily affected by legislation , and almost certainly do n't know what they should be fighting for . 
  the people * most affected by government policy * are children . 
  they spend a quarter of their life in a government-owned , government-run school for god 's sake . 
  teaching people about anything more than the specific mechanics of how the voting system works will * never * happen , that is for certain , because it 's just completely inappropriate . 
  in no way would it be appropriate for a teacher to be basically telling kids who to vote for . 
  lay people * are not * capable of having valid and useful opinions about economics . 
  no they are not . 
   i am required to write c++ for some school projects although i do not typically use c++ for work . 
  lol ` school projects ' lol . 
  are garbage, 
  c++ almost definitely can express them , although it might be a bit murky . 
  it 's an anti-pattern in the eyes of oop fanatics .
