   because people grow attached to characters and locations they 've heard of , and want to see those come back . 
  i take it you enjoy dominaria , yes ? 
  what if wizards went back , but showed you exactly 0 things you had seen before ? 
  i do n't think you or many dominaria fans would be satisfied with that . 
  that 's how a lot of people would feel if we went back to innistrad but did n't see the locations and characters we know and love . 
  i think people liked transform cards and how they felt so perfect for werewolves . 
  i think people liked the set mechanically . 
  i think people liked the set thematically . 
  i think that the * vast * majority of magic players do n't care about the particular characters . 
   `` ok , but why not just do both old and new ? '', 
  well there 's literally only so much space in each set . 
  it takes time and resources to develop new areas that are purposefully distinct yet familiar to older ones . 
  and for what , so we get a more `` realistic feel '' from the worlds because the cards have different proper nouns in their titles ? 
  sure , you could set the plot primarily in a new area , but if you 're not going to represent it on cards then why bother ? 
  but it 's not about ` proper nouns in their titles ' it 's about the sets feeling like they have some sort of connection to each other . 
  that 's important to many players , it made the game feel like a cohesive whole . 
  world of warcraft expansions do n't throw away all the old characters and all the old worldbuilding and all the old factions . 
  they keep parts , small parts and large parts . 
  it 's all very clearly one whole world . 
  burning crusade went to outland , but the draenai came to azeroth at the same time . 
  in wotlk , a city in lordaeron got teleported to northrend . 
  yes there 's a lot of new , we like new , it would be terrible if there were nothing new , but there were connections to previous worlds and characters and places . 
  soi block feels connected to bfz block , and not in a token way . 
  it feels connected in a real way . 
  that worked , it worked well . 
  i want more of that . 
  not everything set on dominaria , and not everything totally isolated . 
   personally i think this new change to the set structure is going to allow for a little bit more of what you 're asking for . 
  i hope so , too . 
   but this does n't work with just any plane . 
  ravnica is built on the idea of a city-wide plane . 
  well again , not really . 
  it was built on that idea because the paradigm was that every set was set on a plane and a whole plane and nothing but a plane . 
  ravnica would have worked just as well if it were set on a city in a plane . 
   dominaria was also like this . 
  all the sets happen on dominaria but do n't relate to each other whatsoever . 
  they 're just lazily tacked onto the same plane instead of a different plane . 
  and that was just as silly then as it is now . 
  when you go to a draft and you get packs as prizes , it feels very hollow when you know that the chance of them holding anything of value is low . 
  you open them up and it 's three 20c rares . 
   simply dying all the time and running from spawn point is bad enough . 
  no it is n't . 
  that 's an awful death penalty . 
  penalising players for dying by making them run a long way is n't fun . 
  it does n't make you fear death it makes you annoyed by death . 
   you 'd need to remove death from game completely to make mechanically demanding fights work . 
  like lose a fight and get on your feet at same place in 20 seconds with full health . 
  that does n't make people careful . 
  that does n't make people get excited and anxious when they see their health bar dropping low and it does n't make people elated beyond measure when they survive by the skin of their teeth . 
   irrelevant . 
  pick uo mechanics or oldschool asian grinder mechanics , - if every fight feels like street fighter tournament player will burn out really fast . 
  ppl do n't like to fight for their lives every day . 
  that 's why i do n't like wow combat . 
  it 's spammy , constantly , i hate having to press 1111111 just constantly . 
  let me right-click on an enemy and just autoattack and have that actually be a relevant amount of damage . 
   if you cant see difference between 50 minutes 5v5 fight on tiny static map and few hours in mmo location with up to hundreds dynamic objects , you 're kind of being silly . 
  you dont have elo in mmo to give you appropriate challenge all the time . 
  you go out to hunt mob that fights back like bruce lee and in the middle of fight you get jumped by pker with 3x shorter latency and reaction time of caffeinated monkey - you get tired of dying really fast . 
  well that 's kind of irrelevant . 
  i 'm not saying that games should be all action all the time , or that they should always be insanely hard . 
  if you want to do a bit of afk grinding on easier monsters the game should support that . 
  in runescape , you can just go fight something lower level . 
  the loot will be worse but the xp wo n't be that much worse , and it 's very chill . 
  and you should n't have to train in open pvp areas either , for the same reason . 
  games should give you a choice . 
  yeah you can right-click-auto-attack monsters and that will work , it 's chill , but not super efficient . 
  or you can play ` properly ' , use all your abilities , use cooldowns , use consumables , use prayers , use everything , if you * want * to . 
  when monsters die in three hits it 's like . . why do i have all these cooldowns and stuns and slows and snares and . . right they exist only for arena based pvp . 
  no store i 'm aware of lets you bring packs instead of paying for a draft . 
  i 'm pretty sure tes plays silence . 
  or alternatively they could just not put expeditions in every set . 
  oh wait they 're already doing this because they 've heard this complaint and understand it ? 
  right . 
  design * starts * two years ahead , i think . 
  i sometimes wonder if r&d ever actually talks to whomever decides on bans . 
  and i know that 's silly , because it 's led by aaron forscythe , who decides on bans . 
  but seriously , * seriously * , why ban marvel if you know you 're going to print solemnity in hou ? 
  i assume they must have really been cut up about whether to do that . 
  yeah but bubbling muck storm plz, 
  what 's your current ddft list ? 
  well ponder is n't particularly good . 
  it 's nowhere near as good as brainstorm . 
  if you have some other source of deck manipulation you do n't need or really even want ponder . 
  not sure if you remember the ** raging ** arguments about ponder miracles vs. the previous miracles builds but they were common here . 
  well no , it does n't . 
  but it does play similar newer threats like tarmogoyf . 
  if you replaced silence with orim 's chant i 'd understand , but it really is n't tes if it does n't play any of the effects that made tes ` tes ' in the first place ... 
  i 've never heard anyone claim that before . 
  jace was n't an issue in standard anyway , the problem was entirely sfm . 
  those arguments ended with people bandwagoning on the ponder build . 
  not because it was better . 
  * massively * is an * adverb * . 
  it modifies * multiplayer * . 
  the games are not just multiplayer , they are * massively * multiplayer . 
  i 'm not defining anything in terms of itself . 
  i am saying that people often seem to think it means something it does not : a big game that has online multiplayer . 
  wow that 's pretty weird . 
  the entire point is that they * should * have it in the rules text and * should * require it in the rules text because the ` if you gain a subtype you lose all other types ' rule is a shit , unintuitive rule . 
  whether or not he is the original creator of tes , that does n't mean that tes is just ` whatever bryant cook is currently playing ' . 
  you know desire , yawgwill and jar are all banned in legacy and restricted in vintage , right ?
