  vpns would be way too laggy . 
  no , it has much more complex basic rules . 
  you 're just so obviously wrong . 
  it is cheating if the rules do n't allow it . 
  what i 'm saying is that there are good reasons to disallow it . 
  people should n't be able to abuse the creation of additional characters to avoid all bank space restrictions . 
  i 've said multiple times nothing is perfect . 
  but it 's better to get a couple of false positives than to allow people to multibox . 
  multiboxing is completely to other players . 
  at the end of the day , you ca n't allow players to trade in-game currency for real world currency . 
  and any way of actually restricting that in-game has too many flaws . 
  so are you saying that we should just let rmt happen ? 
  because if so , i strongly , strongly disagree with you . 
  no it is n't . 
  it 's not a hobby and it 's not cheap . 
  rmt is unfair . 
  multiboxing is unfair . 
  that 's why . 
  playing video games is n't a hobby , it 's consuming media . 
  maybe read the post you replied to ? 
  well if a game is designed around rmt then it 's pay to win and if it 's designed around multiboxing then it 's just a badly designed game , given most people have zero interest in multiboxing . 
  no it is n't . 
  it has nothing in common with real hobbies . 
  you do n't make or create anything . 
  it 's a product that you are consuming . 
  if mtg is a hobby then so is just about anything people do for leisure . 
  that just dilutes the meaning into nothingness . 
  spending your leisure time on something does n't make it a hobby . 
  stop being silly . 
  same thing . 
  i 've played enough eoc to know i do n't like it . 
   the cost of always owning one or more top-tier decks for multiple constructed formats ... is a drop in the bucket compared to what people have been known to spend on other games . 
  spending a load of money on cosmetics is not the same thing . 
  nobody would care if foils were $ 100 if the real card were just $ 1 . 
   and that 's without getting into other hobbies like sports ( equipment costs and fees to use a venue and training/coaching and ... ), 
  those costs are for real things , not bits of cardboard . 
  you 're paying for actual costs to product quality materials . 
   or many types of crafts ( ever priced out what you 'd need for a decent amateur wood shop ? 
  ) , or , well , lots of things really . 
  same as above , plus much less popular and thus paying more fixed overheads per person . 
  dictionary definitions do n't decide what words mean . 
  yes , eve online is incredibly pay-to-win . 
  you can spend real money to get in-game money . 
  that 's pay-to-win . 
  nah i do n't think we 're that far apart buddy . 
  you are a pragmatist . 
  you see rmt as inevitable , so why not just make it official and let the company profit instead of the chinese ? 
  i 'm an idealist . 
  i hate rmt , always will , always have done , and i will not accept games that allow it . 
  i still subscribe to the philosophy that games are primarily escapism and that real world privileges should n't translate into a game . 
  two nether spirit . 
  that 's an odd choice . 
  you are weaker than players who are paying , otherwise nobody would do it . 
  that 's just not true . 
  the vast , vast majority of people that play standard play once per week at fnm . 
   that 's fine and all but you clearly have n't played enough to be able to objectively call it a wow clone . 
  yes i have . 
  i 've played it a lot . 
   that 's like me saying ors is wow but crap because all you do is auto attack . 
  and you do just autoattack . 
  have you played it ? 
  the other stuff is what is interesting : specials , using consumables , etc. 
   not weaker , that 's the point . 
  yes you are . 
  if it did n't make you stronger , you would n't do it . 
   investing real money is mostly about saving real time . 
  saving time that you are instead using to become stronger in some other way or just not participate in the game . 
  ` pay to skip ' is a form of pay to win . 
   but anything can be achieved by in-game methods , without real money . 
  that has nothing to do with whether it 's pay to win . 
   actually , the main point here is not about weaker/stronger , rather it 's about not affecting the game economy and gameplay . 
  it does affect the in-game economy , it totally affects the community . 
  it drives a lot of players in the way they approach the economy . 
   lcg is a model for gaming that is owned by fantasy flight games . 
  no it is not . 
   in a very long time, 
  you mean it stopped being the horrible linear slugfest it had been ever since pod was banned and ... oh it is still a linear slugfest where all that matter is topdecking sideboard cards ? 
  well never mind then . 
   i think it 's safe to say that if wizards ever actually starts a third non-rotating format , it wo n't have fetchlands in it . 
  there are already five non-rotating formats supported by wotc : vintage , legacy , modern , pauper and commander . 
  core sets used to be every two years . 
  they changed that with m10 and started releasing them every year , which they did for m10 ,11,12,13,14,15 and origins . 
   the original change to the new block structure would have been fine if they had committed to 20 % of their cards every year being reprints . 
  which was just too hard for them to do , though . 
  and the problem with this would be that they 're already heavily restricting the number of cards they release with new mechanics in new blocks by a third , reducing that by another 20 % would have been too big a change . 
  emrakul was n't a mistake . 
  well the point was that the plane was n't relevant . 
  and it does n't have to be relevant . 
  that 's fine . 
  the core set is a utility set , it 's not meant to have a theme . 
  constricting it like that would defeat the point . 
  it 's not intended to be focused . 
  also , new players do n't know or care about planes . 
  they are n't invested or interested in the story . 
  they want to play with cards , preferably simple cards with standardised effects . 
  yeah giving them a theme was awful . 
  they were fine as they were : an avenue for reprints , for keeping the same core family of cards in standard all the time . 
  you do n't need to design special answers for particular cards . 
  you print proper answers , proper kill spells , proper utility spells , and proper counterspells . 
  you print day of judgment and incinerate and ( every 15 years ) lightning bolt .
