  it got free/members split correct 10 years before everyone else * started * doing cash shops . 
  and that solution would still work in any game that tried it today : a limited free-to-play game that still has enough content to play for months or years , depending on how casual you are , supported by a membership that gives access to a huge amount of content . 
  not pay-to-win , because you can only uses members-only stats , items , etc. 
  on members-only servers . 
  free player servers had members-only items all disabled . 
   when people keep thinking in terms of story , dailies , weeklies and unlocking new content , you know things wo n't change . 
  i completely agree with you . 
  i feel like your idea is good , although it 's probably too specific to respond to , in a way : the mention of things like fire dungeons vs. earth dungeons is just detail , detail you 'd want to change as you actually played . 
  but the general idea , it 's great . 
  runescape 's player-owned houses ( while instanced ) were great , you could build a dungeon , for example !, 
  you could even include an oubliette below your throne room . 
  the way i see it , why not just let dungeons be open to players ? 
  any player can go to the dungeon and try to complete it , if you open it up , or not , if you do n't . 
  if they finish it , they can get the rewards . 
  if they die , well , their items drop to the floor just like any other time a player dies , and you get their stuff . 
  there would be some questions , like how do you make sure that people can make low-level experiences without having high-level players just camp the dungeon and take all your money ? 
  well , just make it a cheaper reward perhaps , i 'm not sure . 
  and how do you make sure that people do n't go all the way through a really difficult dungeon to find no reward ? 
  you could require that it 's technically possible to access the dungeon reward , and then show the market value of the rewards in the ui . 
  but it could be possible to trick the algorithm checking this . 
  and you could make puzzles arbitrarily hard and yet still technically possible in order to make it impossible but still detected as possible . 
  ultimately , the most important thing to me is that if you have player-created dungeons , the rewards need to be put up by the dungeon creator , the content needs to be able to be scripted by players ( this is not difficult to implement , just requires polish to make sure it 's not exploitable for ddos purposes for example ) and there needs to be a reward for building one : the loot dropped by any players that die . 
  even if the dungeon creator somehow prevents you from getting to the reward chest , you 'd still get drops from the monsters in the dungeon . 
  you 'd have to make sure that this did n't result in people just building their own private training areas with no competition . 
  i 'm sure there 's a solution for that , just have to think about it a bit . 
   that would mean cs majors should be required to take calculus , no ? 
  if you expected 1st year computer science students to understand first-year calculus , then yeah you 'd require a course . 
  but once you are third or fourth year you are perfectly capable of understanding first year calculus without it being taught . 
  you have enough logical/mathematical maturity to be able to understand such simple content without being taught it specifically . 
  `` if you 'd like to brush up on your calculus , i 've put up a worksheet of problems and reserved some calculus books in the library for students of this class on four-hour loan for the first two weeks of the semester . '', 
  simple as that . 
  university students are adults . 
   also , not all cs majors take calc in high school , which means you ca n't just dismiss it as high school calculus, 
  well i can , because it is high school calculus . 
  maybe they did n't learn it at high school , but that does n't mean that they need to do a whole course on it !, 
  a 21-year-old , third-year computer science student is perfectly capable of understanding elementary calculus . 
  elementary calculus is ** extremely ** simple . 
  it 's a few very simple rules . 
  i gave some more details on my ideas here : https://www.reddit.com/r/mmorpg/comments/6hzfaa/discussion_sense_for_trends_in_future_mmorpgs/dj3m2dv/, 
   until your idea is explained in greater detail , i ca n't say much , except that most players would probably hate it . 
  it sounds like a different way to grief other players . 
  well they do n't have to go into your dungeon if they do n't want to . 
  they 're trying to loot your property and steal your things , after all . 
  they do n't exactly have a right to fairness when they 're doing so . 
  if i put a huge fire-breathing dragon in front of my treasure chest . . well . . maybe they should n't be stealing my shit . 
  why would i leave it open to players ? 
  i want to bait them , i want to tempt them . 
  i want them to bring some armour , some weapons , some consumables and to fail !, 
  but it 's not actually * difficult * . 
  it 's not mechanically challenging . 
  it 's just . . boring really . 
  you have to be cautious , so it 's difficult in the sense that it 's not just faceroll , sure . 
  you ca n't just pull four mobs and be fine . 
  you have to drink after each mob , sure . 
  but it 's not * difficult * . 
  if you 're careful , and take your time , you 'll be fine . 
  i suppose the best way to describe it would be that it quite readily punishes you for making mistakes . 
  i really like runescape , because it 's not about ` levelling ' . 
  there is no ` levelling ' . 
  your character has skills , which have levels , sure . 
  you can level up your skills , in that they can go up levels . 
  but you do n't sit down at the game and say ' i want to get to level 40 , the next arbitrary and rewardless step of my short and boring quest to max level where the real game begins ' and go follow some meaningless quest chain for a couple more chunks of an overall character level . 
  you say ' i want to get to level 70 attack so i can use barrows weapons , hmm might as well train slayer at the same time ' . 
  you go to a slayer master , and he tells you to kill 40 dagganoths . 
  you work out where dagannoths are ( hint : dagannoth island ) and you work out what supplies you 'll want , whether you want to pray or use food ( dagannoths : prayer , they melee attack is very accurate and will hit you frequently unless you have very high defence and excellent armour ) , whether it 's worth it to take potions ( yes , you 'll want prayer potions , and a super set , no food so super combat not necessary ) , etc. 
  eventually you get a good feel for these , you know the strategy for fighting dagannoths and black demons and red dragons and etc. 
  you go to the dagannoths , you fight them , you kill 40 of them ( maybe going back to a bank to refill your potions halfway through ) , you go back to the slayer master and get the next task , etc. 
  slayer is great - it gives variety in training monsters , it means you 're levelling up an extra skill ( slayer ) for free , there are often separate areas of dungeons for slayer only that you can take advantage of , there are items that give you combat bonuses while on a slayer task , etc. 
  i just wish the rest of the game had as much variety as slayer gives combat . 
   yeah that 's bullshit dude . 
  if i 'm supposed to know material , it should be required . 
  and you do n't happen to learn calculus by osmosis , `` logical/mathematical maturity '' makes it easier to learn , it does n't give you psychic powers . 
  you also seem to think elementary calculus does n't require a full course , but seeing as how most schools do have entire courses on calculus ( at my university the classes with the most sections are the 3 quarters of calculus ) that opinion is nonstandard . 
  that 's not ` elementary calculus ' . 
  that 's not essentially high school calculus . 
  it 's quite advanced . 
  it 's way above the level of calculus required to understand the level of statistics that is required to understand the level of machine learning you might encounter at undergraduate level . 
  a third year computer science student does n't need psychic powers to understand high school level calculus , he needs about 20 minutes . 
   most students , even 3rd or 4th year cs students , will not be able to pick up basic calculus alongside their other coursework without any prior exposure or lectures . 
  if you let idiots pass the first and second year courses then yes , the third and fourth year courses will be full of idiots . 
  the solution to that is to not let idiots get into third and fourth year courses in the first place . 
   also it seems like you 've gone from `` i do n't think cs students need to learn any calculus '' to `` i expect cs students to already know calculus '', 
  well i still do n't think cs students need to learn any calculus . 
  but if for some odd reason you want to put a pseudoscientific bullshit fad like machine learning into an undergraduate programme , you can either :, 
  expect students to pick up the extremely minute and basic amount of calculus on their own , or, 
  make it a requirement of the course, 
  but it certainly should n't be mandatory for cs students to do university-level calculus courses on the offchance they 'll want to , years later , do some courses that require a bit of high school calculus . 
  old school runescape . 
   do n't shit-talk my university like that . 
  it 's r1 and just under berkley for cs . 
  the machine learning class is legitimate and i 'm not sure why you think good undergraduate machine learning is impossible . 
  i think ` machine learning ' is quite definitely not well established enough to be made part of an undergraduate curriculum . 
  it 's basically just guesswork anyway . 
   does calculus mean something different in new zealand ? 
  here in the us there 's not really `` quite advanced '' calculus , there 's calculus and analysis . 
  well yeah analysis is separate . 
  calculus is essentially not-very-rigorous differential geometry and analysis . 
  i assume you get into the same green 's theorem stuff as we do at the end of all of it . 
  i ca n't really remember the detailed details , it 's been several years since i did it . 
   the first 2 of the 3 quarters of calculus i was referring to earlier can be placed out of with ap credit , so i 'd say that 's what you 're thinking of as high school level,
