  different skill set . 
  different in every way . 
  i do n't think the gameplay is skill-intensive enough that it can be really said to be skill intensive on the whole . 
  i do n't think it 's fun to have the game decided mostly by rng . 
   even if you can concretely prove constructed has less rng . 
  and more skill . 
  that does n't mean draft is n't still awesome and `` no one should ever play it '' . 
  i did n't say nobody should ever play it . 
  at least i do n't think i did . 
  if i did i was being hyperbolic . 
  i just do n't think it should be held up as super skill intensive . 
  people claim it 's the most skill-intensive format . 
  i mean come on . 
   should we only play magic one way ever ? 
  if a new set comes out and has slightly more rng , we should not play it and keep playing the old set ??? 
  i 'd highly recommend playing isd/isd/isd over fucking avacyn restored with its stupid bomb rares . 
   of the previous 50 expansions , which block has the best experience ? 
  why do you play any other block besides that one ? 
  i play all the blocks at once , it 's called legacy . 
  load o ' rubbish . 
  being angry about the shit-stained cunts ruining our country is reasonable . 
  i do n't think that 's true, 
  i do n't think their opinion matters much, 
  i think even if they thought that , they 'd likely be comparing it to standard, 
  i do n't think that it 's necessarily true that the format where small differences in skill matters the most at very high levels is the most skill-intensive format overall . 
   like eighty percent of that is just magic : the gathering . 
  no it is n't . 
  not in good formats where you actually have some control over what you draw . 
  there are lots of factors that go into how consistently ` top players ' do in draft vs. constructed . 
  did you read what i said ? 
   what you said is completely fkin obvious, 
  it 's not completely fucking obvious to the developers of any of the games i 've played in recent years . 
  so maybe it 's not as obvious as you think . 
   of course different enemies uses different rotation, 
  and yet they all act exactly the same in every mmorpg that 's come out since wow and in most of the games before wow . 
   also that 's not the op asking for isnt it ? 
  you just want to sound smart arent you lol, 
  well i hope that sounding smart is n't your goal , for your sake . 
  how are we going to govern a country if there 's no country level to govern and we 're just an outpost of china ? 
  that 's literally what it means . 
  foils curling is nothing new . 
  why are people acting like this is a new problem ? 
  i have a foil fortress of the legion that is far more curled than any foil i 've seen from any recent set . 
  well standard has n't been a good format since ths/ktk , and modern has never been a good format ( because it 's mostly decided by who draws their narrow sideboard cards i.e. 
  it 's decided by rng ) . 
  reality tv makes up a pretty significant percentage of television . 
  that does n't mean it 's good . 
  i like good standard environments ( which are rare ) and legacy . 
  vintage is not a good competitive format , because there is far too much opening hand variance with the restricted cards . 
  but it is certainly fun because it 's so explosive . 
  commander is also far too variant to be a good competitive format , but again it 's fun because you get to play cool cards . 
  draft , again , is fun to play but ultimately it 's not a good competitive game . 
  if you 're going to say that other formats have just as much variance - which i do n't agree is true - then you 're just saying that magic on the whole is n't a good competitive game . 
  i bought the game using the kickstarter when it first came along . 
  i have n't paid any attention to it since . 
  it was n't very much money and i hope the game is a success . 
  i 'm an adult , and i 'll still be here and still be interested in the game when it is finally released . 
  i do n't care to follow it in the meantime . 
  no fucking shit . 
  nobody is saying it is n't voluntary . 
  it 's still a bad thing . 
  he says , obviously having not read my comments ... 
   if you think draft is luck then you are terrible at drafting, 
  if you think luck is n't a huge component of drafting then you are terrible at drafting . 
   what exactly is your complaint here ? 
  commons are n't meant to be good and rarely have been . 
  commons are meant to be good , and they used to be good . 
  they 've become a lot worse over time . 
   there is no end goal of pushing the power level of standard packs , standard players have their market and modern players have theirs , and it 's good that the two do n't mix . 
  you just sound like a salty idiot and i do n't know why you 're being like this . 
  you 're a moron that lacks historical context . 
  mark rosewater is far from being an industry expert . 
  it 's absolutely not as skill-intensive as chess . 
  do you . . like what ? 
  how would you possible evaluate that as being as skill-intensive as chess ? 
  5/6 of the time , the winner is chosen by chance . 
  so each player is guaranteed to win at least 5/12ths of the time . 
  5/12ths of the time i win , 5/12ths of the time you win , 1/6th of the time we actually play chess and whomever is better wins . 
  that 's absolutely not skill-intensive . 
  you do n't have to capture a lot of information about every single player constantly . 
  you can deduce this from a lot less information than you might think * and * you only need to look at players that are suspicious ( reported more than once , other detection methods , etc. ), 
  i 've never played pokemon . 
  gold is meaningless in gw2 . 
  it 's purely for cosmetic purchases . 
   i 'm not sure what you 're trying to get at here . 
  you can not control the matchups you get in constructed either , there will always be decks that are good against you and decks that are bad against you . 
  unless you 've broken the local meta wide open i suppose , but that is extremely unlikely . 
  you can choose your deck in constructed based on what others are playing . 
   just curious here , are you saying that managing probability is not a skill in the context of playing magic ? 
  ` managing probability ' is not a skill . 
  you choose your matchups in constructed . 
  no , for many reasons . 
  learn what words mean before you use them . 
  not really . . 
  no , it 's not bad by choice . 
  the community as a whole does not get to choose whether some people in the community have these flairs . 
  i ca n't choose to turn them off and make them invisible to everyone that looks at every thread and comments in it . 
  they are visible , on other people , to other people . 
  do n't get inflammatory because you do n't fucking understand what i 'm talking about . 
  it 's extremely basic .
