  i enjoyed diablo 's campaign , but i stopped playing when i completed it . 
  i have no interest in grinding the same levels over and over and over to get legendaries . 
  thanks . 
  i agree with you definitely on ` simple 1 button tasks ' . 
  that does n't mean i want games to be super active all the time , of course . 
  as raph koster has said before , socialisation and downtime are fundamentally intertwined . 
  you ca n't socialise if you 're too busy playing the game . 
  socialisation always happens during downtime . 
  you should be able to play the game while chatting to people . 
  but you should be able to do things in more interesting and fun ways , and the game should reward you for that too . 
  i do have one tip for you : your post would get a much better response if you formatted it better . 
  some headings would be a good start . 
  there 's a ` formatting help ' link below the comment box . 
  also , using capital letters at the start of sentences is n't just for fun , it actually makes sentences much easier to read . 
  they 're just boring ` fast food mmorpg ' gameplay . 
  that 's not to say i dislike dungeons at all . 
  but in more than most cases , when people say ` raids and dungeons ' they mean something very specific :, 
  they mean instanced , linear , repeatable ` content ' . 
  they mean tanks and healers and dps . 
  they mean ` trash packs ' - meaningless filler . 
  they mean ` bosses ' - the same every time . 
  they mean character progression through accumulating gear with bigger numbers . 
  they mean a dungeon finder . 
  many things are implied by ` raids and dungeons ' that i 'm sick and tired of , because wow did them ages ago , it got them pretty much right , and nobody needs to do them again . 
   none of these lists are going to win a gp, 
  then they are n't viable . 
  ` viable ' does n't mean ` can win a match against jank ' . 
  do n't quote me out of context and reply to some straw man argument you 've made up . 
  i 've never claimed that red should only be aggressive , or that red should n't get cards above 3 mana , or any other ludicrous straw man argument you can come up with . 
  yes , everyone agrees that red needs a broader part of the colour pie . 
  that does not mean it should lose its one big strength !, 
  a big important part of red 's share of the colour pie is being fast and aggressive and finishing off with cheap burn . 
  those decks are fun , they play an important role in any metagame , and they are a really simple and accessible way for new players to get into standard ( both financially and conceptually ) . 
  expanding red beyond just being aggressive is good . 
  that does n't mean they should * replace * red 's aggressiveness and red 's unique reach with `` hahaha so random xd '' as its identity . 
  i see you 've obviously never played any pen and paper rpgs or any sandbox mmorpgs . 
  only if you choose to look at them that way . 
   that 's bull , a tier 2 list is never going to win a gp either . 
  using that logic out of all the deck 's in standard there are only four viable deck 's ? 
  have you ever actually played magic ? 
  tier 2 decks win gps all the time . 
  skred red won gp dallas in modern , and that 's well below tier 2 . 
  merfolk won gp la in modern , that 's tier 2 . 
  it 's very common for tier 2 decks to do well at big tournaments . 
  pilot skill matters much more than deck power . 
  but yes , standard is a very low-diversity format . 
  always has been . 
   the problem is n't with red it 's with your perception of what is and is n't viable . 
  something that can consistently and reliability take games is viable , which describes a myriad of current red deck 's . 
  just because their win percentage is low against tier 1 decks does not make them nonviable . 
  that 's exactly what makes them not viable , actually . 
  they quite happily print colour pie bends all the time . 
  it was fine . 
  it was n't that strong . 
  it should have been reprinted in soi block . 
  at least it 's not strictly worse like [ [ rakshasa 's disdain ] ] . 
  they printed a * strictly worse * basking rootwalla ? 
  fuck wotc so much . 
   still waiting for my mana rock that costs 2 , enters tapped , adds any color , and pings you for 1 when you use it . 
  should enter untapped . 
  any fair land is a fair 2 mana artefact . 
  that means i 'm waiting for my [ [ the lantern at pendrell vale ] ] . 
  rather sad that this will be considered ` premium removal ' . 
  then give it cycling ... 
  i was joking , tabernacle * not * a fair land, 
  an artifact with the same rules text as a land on the reserved list does n't violate the reserved list , just like [ [ magus of the tabernacle ] ] does n't violate the reserved list . 
  the reserved list does n't matter , as wotc can just ignore it whenever they like ( as they did with [ [ clone ] ] and [ [ fork ] ] - oh , i mean [ [ reverberate ] ] ) . 
  of course i have . 
  what do you take me for , a 5-year-old ? 
  what 's wrong with rootwalla ? 
  nothing , which is why it 's weird that they printed a strictly worse version . 
   magic is intentionally not trying to get stronger every set . 
  magic is intentionally trying to get * weaker * every set . 
  that is not a good thing . 
  reprinting existing cards is not power creep , by definition . 
   you are using modern in a discussion about standard but i 'll happily concede that objectively less powerful or consistent decks that have a lower win percentage against top tier decks can win gp 's because of player skill . 
  it 's a discussion about magic , not about standard . 
   because with that said your first point contradicts your second point , does having a low win percentage against top tier decks make a deck viable or non-viable ? 
  are you saying that modern tier two decks are non-viable but can win gp 's anyway ? 
  or are they viable despite having a lower win percentage against top tier decks ? 
  i am saying that modern is a format with a much smoother power curve . 
  in standard , bad decks are abysmal . 
  in vintage , bad decks are incredibly competitive . 
  in modern , about the middle . 
   the two formats are completely different and i completely agree that standard is a less diverse format , but it seems that you are n't sure what constitutes a viable deck because you 're contradicting yourself . 
  what matters is that rdw is not viable in standard . 
  because it is an okay card . 
  in standard , right now , it would be completely fine . 
  the problem in those decks was not circular logic . 
  i mean , there was n't actually a problem in those decks at all , because those formats were actually fun formats , unlike standard of today . 
  but if there had been a problem , it was n't circular logic . 
  it was psychatog ( you know , best creature ever ) . 
   i honestly think that if every card in the set is n't as good as path to exile or swords to plowshares , he 's not happy . 
  that 's not an unreasonable standard . 
  quite frankly it 's entirely okay to not like limited and not want wotc to print garbage cards that exist only for limited . 
  that 's a valid viewpoint , but any time it 's expressed it gets massively downvoted . 
  you criticise legacy for something and you get upvoted . 
  criticism of modern is like catnip here . 
  but if you criticise limited , the most expensive , the most warping ( given  80 % of cards are designed purely for limited and * lots * of good effects are put above common for limited balance purposes ) , the most designed for ( again , most cards and clearly the development team care most about limited ) , and yet * least consistently good * format in magic ? 
  that 's a * sin * .
