  play elspeth ( either one ) . 
  play good token generators . 
  play * good cards * . 
  stop trying to race death 's shadow with lightning helix . 
  modern players need to learn how to play games of magic that are n't just a race . 
   shadow decks look like high risk/high reward , but really is n't that much risk as it seems . 
  yes it is . 
   this is a similar issue twin had as well , and largely was a reason why the deck got banned . 
  twin got banned * exactly and only * to shake up the pro tour . 
   it 's a similar issue to twin , where there was no reason not to run twin in any ur deck because the opportunity cost was so damn low . 
  that literally makes no sense . 
  the opportunity cost was that your matchup against fair decks became * much * worse . 
  and it does n't even make any sense . 
  that 's not how magic works . 
  that 's not how deckbuilding works . 
  that 's not how modern works . 
  thoughtseize on 15 life has never been a ` crazy aggressive play ' in modern . 
  people have been doing that in completely normal midrange decks for as long as the format has existed . 
   now they ca n't print anything too good with the drawback being loss of life , because it no longer becomes a downside with death 's shadow . 
  my argument is that the card has an inherently flawed design and they were not careful enough . 
  that 's just * objectively * not true . 
  wotc does n't care whether a card is op in modern when they print them . 
  they do not nerf cards for modern . 
  they 've stated this many , many times . 
  the card is not ` flawed ' , it 's fine . 
  it 's not overpowered , it 's not too strong , and it 's not dominating the meta . 
   that 's literally the reason pod and mystic were banned in various formats . 
  wotc does n't want to shoot themselves in the foot early on . 
  yes . 
  the reasons are that pod was banned to shake up modern before the pro tour , and stoneforge mystic was banned because wotc were scared out of their pants after banning it in standard . 
  both bannings were mistakes , and both should be unbanned . 
  pro tip : `` there 's a reason that x '' is something you say when you do n't actually have a good reason . 
  if you had a good reason , you would have given it . 
   edit : and yes cards by paying 2 life is really good , as demonstrated by the banning of many of those cards in many formats . 
  paying 2 life to cycle a card is * not * good . 
  it 's absolutely terrible . 
  it 's not playable in any deck except a deck trying to lower its life . 
  and that 's * fine * . 
  that 's cool . 
  that 's interesting . 
  some cards are just not good enough , but if you can deckbuild around their drawbacks then they become playable . 
  that 's one of the greatest aspects of magic . 
   when i say it does n't play normal magic , i mean that in magic 's history , cards are typically designed to preserve your life total , save some cases where its used to gain resources for risk . 
  if your life total goes to 0 , you lose . 
  that 's just factually incorrect . 
  the aim of magic is not to preserve your life total , it is to make the other guy 's life total 0 . 
  they are not the same goal . 
  it 's a * beginner mistake * to think that magic is about preserving your life total . 
  it 's not even correct to play to ` preserve your life total ' in a control deck most of the time . 
   card designers need to strike a cool balance for risk versus reward to pay off , and i think an argument can be made that death 's shadow hurts this design philosophy . 
  it rewards the player for playing magic against its design intentions . 
  it absolutely does n't . 
  it 's a fantastically well-designed card , because it enables players to use cards that otherwise would be too weak , because it gives you a bit of a payoff for their drawbacks . 
  losing 2 life is definitely a drawback , and death 's shadow does not outweigh that drawback . 
   in the future , they have to be careful in printing things with drawbacks like thoughtseize , since it can potentially crush the current balance of how well death 's shadow performs in modern . 
  again , wotc does n't nerf cards because of modern . 
   yes , death 's shadow is a card that takes something that 's normally bad ( being at low life ) and makes it a good thing . 
  nope . 
  it takes something that 's normally risky and makes it just as risky but slightly good . 
   well modern has n't historically been good for interactive competitive gameplay , that 's one of the reasons why it 's no longer a pro tour format . 
  it 's no longer a pro tour format because it does n't show off new cards very well ( which is good ) and because they do n't want to have to ban cards to ` shake up the meta ' like they did before . 
   well then why do n't death 's shadow and tron decks have a clear weakness to a sideboard card ? 
  oh that 's right that 's why they are at the top of the metagame representation right now . 
  death 's shadow has a clear weakness to plenty of cards . 
  every removal spell for example . 
   i have n't seen any posts that actually compiled the majority of complaints into one post and actually offered intelligent replies to each one . 
  i have n't seen any after reading your post . 
   twin, 
  twin was n't banned for power level, 
   ds has crept its way into a few highly disparate archetypes - notably jund aggro and grixis control - to the exclusion of finishers that are more intuitively linked to those game plans . 
  no it fucking has n't . 
  death 's shadow has n't `` crept its way '' into anything . 
  there 's a death 's shadow deck in the bgr colours and a death 's shadow deck in the ubr colours . 
  that does n't * even remotely * mean that those decks have anything to do with the modern deck called `` jund '' and the modern deck called `` grixis control '' . 
  nothing in the deck needs to be banned . 
  they only have four of them . 
  you have a deck full of burn spells . 
  lots of decks play counterspells anyway . 
  you were obviously a fucking terrible twin player if you think it was uninteractive . 
  gds is a ** completely ** fair deck . 
   some decks are just fundamentally better than others ; that fact is practically unavoidable in any tcg . 
  this would be a fine reply if / u/phyrexianbear had said `` every matchup in the format should be 50/50 '' . 
  but he did n't . 
  stop pretending other people are saying things they are n't . 
  stop arguing against imaginary strawmen arguments you 've constructed in your head . 
  you can play more than one format . 
  the whole point of modern is that you get to play ` weird ' cards . 
  that 's like , the whole fucking point !, 
  if i wanted to play vanilla creatures and sorcery-speed removal spells i 'd play sealed . 
  you can even block it with tokens !, 
  and it does n't even have trample !, 
  these seem like the sort of people that would say tarmogoyf should be banned if it were printed today , though . 
  eldrazi tron is n't relevant to the discussion . 
  that 's not what ` fair ' means in magic . 
  fair decks play normal magic - cast spells and creatures , use combat , or generally trade 1 for 1 . 
  that 's not what ` punisher effects are bad ' means . 
  tarmotwin was a combo deck , though . 
  that is completely blurry , there is nothing that would indicate it 's either instant or sorcery . 
  it 's blurry . 
  where on the card are you claiming that it 's clearly a sorcery ?
