  it does n't matter a single damn bit what the core is . 
  yeah , it definitely does . 
  the only thing nostalrius is hosting is their own code they have written . 
  it has nothing to do with blizzard . 
   it 's based on blizzards ip , which they absolutely have to defend or they risk losing the ability to defend it . 
  where has this myth come from ? 
  that idea only applies to trademarks . 
  not to copyright . 
   that 's how the law works . 
  good lord . 
  you might want to actually learn how the law works before you act all high and mighty . 
  being offended when others call people ` pirates ' for putting in a huge amount of work completely independently reimplementing something in a way that involves zero copyright infringement is not ` twisting definitions ' . 
  you ca n't play vanilla wow on the official servers , retard . 
   i ca n't help you any further , miles . 
  i 've explained it so many times . 
  ohohoho , i 'm / u/blackgold5 ( or one of your many alts ) and i think that everyone else is just like me , with a thousand different reddit alts . 
   when you buy a harry potter book , keyword buy , you have n't entered a license agreement . 
  when you buy a harry potter book , you have certainly entered into a license agreement , according to us law . 
  the book is copyrighted . 
  you have the right to read it , and do whatever you like with it , as long as you do n't copy it or redistribute modified versions of it . 
   when you enter a license agreement to play wow , you have n't bought anything except a piece of plastic that is merely a storage device for the licensed software . 
  again you promulgate this stupid american idea that you ca n't buy software products . 
  the * exact * same thing is happening . 
  you are buying a product . 
  wow is a product . 
  it 's no more licensed than a harry potter book . 
  it 's * exactly * the same thing . 
   it 's the license agreement that prevents you from doing all of those things with the wow software you talk about . 
  you 've essentially agreed not to do them by entering into that agreement with the owner . 
  those license agreements are completely unenforceable rubbish . 
   sale does not equal license . 
  retailers and manufacturers have been trying to get around consumer protection and sales laws for centuries by claiming that they 're ` licensing ' things instead of selling them , among other things . 
  they * always * fail . 
   so explain to me why your car gets repossessed when you stop making payments on it . 
  because that 's the agreement you entered into with your lender . 
  they lend you the money , and you put the car * that you are buying and will own yourself * up as collateral . 
  you ca n't put something you do n't own as collateral . 
   explain to me why you do n't get the title to your car until it 's paid in full . 
  you do . 
  the car is registered in your name , you are responsible for getting warrants of fitness , you are responsible for keeping it registered , you are responsible for insuring it . 
  you own it . 
  it is yours . 
   if you think you still own your car in that situation , then that bank would be stealing from you if they repossessed it . 
  yet , repos happen all the time . 
  why ? 
  contracts exist . 
   why ? 
  because a person who takes out a loan on a car does n't own it until the car is paid off . 
  the bank holds the title ( ownership ) until that car is paid . 
  then , after the car is paid off , title transfers to you and you become the owner . 
  that 's simply not how it 's ever worked . 
   how could someone sue you for damages for painting something on something you own ? 
  they could n't . 
  you 're confused . 
  fact is you do n't own it if you 've taken out a loan . 
  because you have put it up as collateral , with an agreed upon value , and you have then done something to lower that value without agreement . 
   this is pretty basic stuff , dude . 
  which is why i 'm surprised you are finding it so difficult to get right . 
   as far as the harry potter example , you did n't enter into a license agreement with the owners of harry potter . 
  you did with blizzard . 
  by law , there is an implied license when you purchase a book . 
   again , you 're talking sale of goods , when a sale of wow has never occurred . 
  it 's a license to you , not a sale . 
  wow is a good . 
  just like a book . 
  it 's just a product . 
  it 's a thing , an object . 
  being something you install into a computer does n't change that . 
  blizzard trying to claim that they 're just licensing something is n't a new tactic , companies have tried it for centuries and always failed in court . 
   you 're right that nobody is buying products or services . 
  it 's all licensing . 
  no buying is taking place . 
  nobody is buying products or services ** privately ** . 
  a completely public sale is happening , because i bought a software product from a shop . 
  that has nothing at all to do with blizzard . 
  i did n't buy wow from blizzard . 
  i could have bought wow and installed it on my computer and never have been in contact with blizzard at any point for any reason . 
   you 're actually serious , are n't you ? 
  entirely . 
   the art assets, 
  in the client , which has nothing to do with nostalrius core . 
   the gameplay , the mechanics, 
  you ca n't copyright game mechanics . 
   and really the entire game itself , then you are completely right , the game has nothing to do with blizzard . 
  nobody is redistributing the client . 
   except , wait . 
  all of those have far more to do with the fact that nost is infringing on blizzard 's copyright than the source code . 
  you know nothing , jon snow . 
   and you think blizzard 's teams of lawyers will just back off because `` they 're using their own server code to run a competing server using our intellectual property '' ? 
  [ did you say `` intellectual property '' ? 
  it 's a seductive mirage ] ( https://www.gnu.org/philosophy/not-ipr.en.html ), 
  license agreements are unenforceable toilet paper . 
  you can put whatever shit you want to put into the server . 
  your database , your fun . 
   if there is even a one percent chance the person did not do it, 
  then they already are n't convicted . 
  that 's what reasonable doubt is meant to be . 
  why are you under the impression that low ttk means instagib ? 
  nobody is saying ' i want the average ttk to be 0s ' . 
  just lower than the several minutes it tends to be in mmos where there 's far too little strong cc and not enough burst damage , with healing and shields being far too powerful .
