  wow phases people into instances that are distributed across many computing nodes . 
   that is merely a mechanic that has been copied . 
  if we enshrine every damn mechanic then wow wo n't be a mmo since it lost pretty much everything it used to be . 
  genres are defined by their mechanics . 
  mmorpgs are defined as having large persistent worlds . 
  that 's part of their definition . 
  if something does n't have a large persistent world then it is n't an mmorpg . 
  you seem like the kind of person that would argue that dota 2 is an mmorpg because lots of people play it , though . 
   so you say absolutely 100 % no player characters die ? 
  its not in the rules ? 
  are you intentionally misinterpreting my statements to troll me , or are you genuinely having trouble understanding what i 'm saying ? 
  ` permadeath ' is a lot more specific than ` you can die ' . 
  you can die in almost any game . 
  permadeath means that death is * permanent * and * unrecoverable * . 
  i have never played a tabletop rpg where there is no possible way to resurrect people . 
   that 's an rpg . 
  there are many forms of rpgs , crpgs , jrpgs , srpgs , arpg and roguelike is one subset , of course they have their own unique mechanics . 
  no , that 's not ` an rpg ' . 
  dota 2 is not an rpg . 
  nobody calls it an rpg except you . 
  stop misusing terminology . 
   no mmo will ever be 1:1 balance , its just impossible . 
  i do n't think that 's a meaningful statement . 
  what do you mean by `` 1:1 balance '' ? 
   only way to do so is to have one class with one set of skills . 
  that will bore the hell out of everyone . 
  they have tho gotten better at balancing the game and such curb one class being way over powered to that of others . 
  i think the only reason the game is more balanced than it used to be is that they 've homogenised the classes so much that classes do n't do anything unique . 
  the unique things classes did were the things that made them hard to balance . 
  things like warriors being the only tank that was uncrittable in vanilla . 
   its also a totally different game , and one that is easier to balance at that than an mmo . 
  as i already explained , it 's much harder to balance . 
  in a card game , you can never change the cards once they 're printed . 
  imagine if in wow , the only way that blizzard could balance the game was to ban classes and release new ones . 
  if they banned an op class and released a new version of the old one , you have to level up again from scratch . 
  imagine how much more careful they 'd be about balance if that 's how it worked . 
   eq and eve, 
  both released before wow and thus completely irrelevant as i have already explained multiple times . 
  yeah rs3 has certainly had inflation , that 's true , but even then it 's way less than in wow . 
  2 or 3 times inflation might sound like a lot , but in wow things that cost 1g a few years ago now cost 1000g !, 
  that 's what we call mudflation . 
   in the sense of a different loadout , but not in the sense of a crpg ( from which mmorpg are derived ) . 
  jesus christ are you trolling ? 
  of course it 's not an rpg in the traditional sense . 
  my entire fucking point is that it 's not an rpg in the traditional sense . 
  my entire fucking point is that if you use your logic , then it 's an rpg . 
  your logic is that moba should be interpreted entirely literally without thinking about the fact that it 's an artificial term invented by riot to avoid calling league of legends a ` dota clone ' , which was the term used by the community to describe the genre at the time . 
  it 's not a well-chosen name * specifically * because it sounds like it would apply to just about every game , and your literalist interpretation of it is * exactly * why people like me decried the term and try to avoid using it . 
  runescape , for one . 
  and why would a game have to implement something for it to be a good idea ? 
   it 's a simplified scenario to get the point across without going over every little detail of game servers . 
  it 's simplified because it 's utter rubbish . 
   i specified why i assumed this . 
  as per your point ( `` mmos have equal performance requirements as regular multiplayer games '' ) , the extra incurred performance requirements caused by splitting up an instance over multiple servers would not be allowed . 
  ** every game splits things across multiple servers ** . 
  there are lots of ways of doing this . 
  wow 's game design makes liberal use of instancing and then on top of that they phase areas apart and together to even out population both on overpopulated and underpopulated realms ( which they call ` phasing ' to load and ` crz ' to increase player count in underpopulated servers by faux-merging them ) . 
   then , go on and explain to me . 
  if you have identical resources , identical amount of players . 
  why do mmos have simpler mechanics ? 
  nice try . 
  do n't shift the goalposts . 
  hmm , to me runescape just means the game as a whole , yeah , but generally these days people seem to use it just to refer to osrs and not as rs3 by default , probably because osrs is 2x as popular . 
  did you just assume my gender ? 
  your guild name should be < did you just assume my gender ?  . 
  you do realise that flight paths are widely regarded as the most immersive form of travel in mmos , right ? 
  that they 're the holy grail of immersive fast travel ? 
  the fast travel people have a problem with is the instant teleport stuff that makes the game world feel trivial . 
  i 've never seen someone say ` oh my god flight paths are so unimmersive ' . 
  quite the opposite . 
  but of course , dystopiq , you never miss a good opportunity to bash people that like immersive games , nor do you ever miss a good opportunity to miss the point . 
  you 've killed two birds with one stone here . 
  it is generic . 
  there 's a thread for lfmmo posts . 
  you missed the point . 
  here , have reddit ~ ~ gold ~ ~ crystal :, 
  ( it 's transparent . 
  it is n't very effective . ), 
  i almost guarantee that you read the title of first of the six points , skipped the rest of the post , and then made this comment . 
  i would n't bother replying to people that did n't read beyond `` 1 - learning to be patient '' to be honest . 
   at ranked ( after level 30 ) , players tend to be toxic because they no longer play the game for fun , they play to win , and while winning is fun for some people , surprisingly it is not the majority . 
  i disagree . 
  people definitely play for fun . 
  winning is fun , really close games are fun . 
  people get toxic because they feel that their time is being wasted by people that are just fucking around instead of playing competitively , who should be playing unranked games . 
   emphasis added . 
  that does n't mean that you ca n't change things . 
  no shit , but it does mean you ca n't change things * and then call it the original genre * every time . 
   mmos are about having a shared world that people play in . 
  does not mean that world and characters has to be permanent . 
  it does however has to last for enough time to get the kind of experience you expect out of a mmo . 
  it literally means that the world has to be persistent and your character has to be permanent . 
  i do n't think anyone is claiming that means the world has to be * permanent forever * . 
  no game lasts forever . 
  but seasons only a few months long after which you lose your character ? 
  that 's not an mmorpg . 
   does not change the fact that permadeath is in the rules of the game . 
  a tabletop like d&d is a very subjective game but you ca n't say permadeath was n't intended for it , plenty of players do play and die by the whims of the dice . 
  permadeath is not in the rules of the game . 
  the game has resurrection spells .
