  everyone in our nation having a safe , warm house is not ` impractical ' . 
  reduced fertility is a serious , serious problem . 
  we need higher population growth ( especially white people , who are below replacement rate afaik ) . 
   throwing shade, 
  anyone that uses this phrase should be shot in the head . 
   throwing shade, 
  stop using this idiotic americanism, 
   throw shade, 
  just stop it, 
  then fuck off , we 're full, 
   american, 
  fuck off we 're full, 
  it 's `` 404 not found '' , not `` 404 not ready '' . 
   you should n't profit off others money, 
  renting a house to someone is n't ` profiting off others money ' . 
  that does n't really make sense . 
  you 're offering a good ( the use of your house that you own ) to someone , for a price . 
   investing in businesses adds to society and you should be rewarded . 
  no more so than investing in housing . 
   purchasing houses on credit should n't be seen as a legitimate income source . 
  you should n't be making any profit until you have very high ( 80 % + ) equity in the property . 
  ... why ? 
  it 's your house . 
  you can rent it if you want to . 
  or you could pay off your mortgage faster and make no profit from renting it out , which is exactly what most rentiers do . 
  haha do n't get defensive about your relatively low skill work kiddo, 
   nz rail, 
  you mean the rail provider that was sold off , promptly collapsed , and had to be rescued by the taxpayer ? 
   telecom, 
  was never a money pit, 
   the coalmines, 
  what is this , 1890 ? 
  all land owned by any entity that is n't either a new zealand permanent resident or owned 100 % by new zealand permanent residents should be compulsorily acquired by the government at no cost . 
  australians are our close allies , have been our close friends for many years , closely share our culture and history . 
  china , on the other hand , is run by a communist party that has a very long history of trying to negatively influence other countries by ` investing ' in their productive resources and controlling them . 
  you have even more limited experience working with tools , then ? 
  why are you getting defensive ? 
  but you got ta rock 'n' roll ... 
   well yes it is , you are profiting off the banks money as well as the renters , neither is the person who owns the houses money . 
  if the house was entirely owned by you then yes you could use that argument . 
  the renter is paying you money for the use of your house . 
  if the house drops in value you are left picking up the pieces . 
  you are also responsible for all maintenance , for paying rates , and for upgrading the house over time . 
  you 're responsible for decorating the house . 
  it 's your house . 
  you own it . 
  you entirely own it and it 's entirely yours . 
  nobody else has any ownership of it whatsoever . 
  the house * is * entirely owned by you , the owner . 
  the house is yours , and you are renting it to someone . 
  the money you get for renting it is yours , because they are giving it to * you * in exchange for use of * your * asset . 
  how is this confusing you ? 
  you are n't ` profiting off the banks money ' . 
  the bank is getting interest payments , which is all they care about . 
  when you own a house and rent it out , you 're taking on a lot of risk . 
  houses that are rented out often end up being completely trashed by the tenants . 
  and you are totally subject to the whim of the market . 
   oh yeah sorry i forgot that houses pay out wages and hire workers , silly of me . 
  the idea that privately owned businesses are these wonderful beneficial things that ` hire workers ' and ` pay wages ' ... the idea that they 're good for the economy ... the idea that they 're necessary for the economy to function ... where do you get this ? 
  you 've been duped by neoliberal propaganda . 
  houses are extremely important for the economy . 
  people need somewhere to live . 
  i did n't say that ` trades are unskilled idiots ' . 
  i said that the work is * relatively * low skill . 
  it 's certainly not ` highly skilled work ' like engineering or medicine or mathematics or software development . 
  nobody is saying that it requires no skill . 
  of course it requires training . 
  i literally already said it required training . 
  but it does n't require * talent * . 
  anyone could be a builder , given that they 're physically fit , if they are trained to do it . 
  it 's something we can easily train people to do , if they are willing to be trained to do it . 
  it 's not like medicine , where there 's a very reasonable argument that there just are n't enough people that are good enough to be trained to be doctors and work in nz , and that we need imported doctors . 
  we have more than enough people that could be trained to be builders . 
  this is n't the 19th century . 
  being heavily influenced by china is not a good state to be in . 
  new zealand should be distancing itself from china and imposing serious tariffs to make up for the way they abuse workers and pay them nothing . 
  instead we set up an fta with them !, 
  wtf ? 
  they 've since got rid of them , of course . 
  it 's like they intentionally avoid doing good . 
  there 's a good chance this will be the first time in a decade that the positive feedback loop of the news cycle will actually benefit labour . 
  40 % for labour !, 
  come on , people !, 
   promptly , what ? 
  it was in private ownership for 15 years . 
  and collapsed in private ownership , as was predicted , and needed to be rescued by the taxpayer . 
   hardly efficient , given the usual six month wait times for a new connection . 
  as if it 's any better now, 
   no , the 70s and 80s . 
  the state coalmines department . 
  i grew up in an area that had a decent mine in those days . 
  two guys working , one guy sleeping . 
  that tends to be how mining shifts work , yes . 
  because it 's good for our economies of scale . 
  because population loss is bad . 
  because it will prevent the awful , awful shit that 's happening in europe where political parties are justifying mass immigration with ` our population growth is too low and muh old people ' . 
  this trolling is too subtle for me, 
  not having enough doctors has nothing to do with motivation . 
  it 's not particularly skilled , no . 
  not compared to engineering , medicine , dentistry , software development , or in fact many other trades .
