  dark ritual was never actually a problem in any format . 
  wotc being unable to understand the concept of balancing cards and blaming all their balance issue on ` enablers ' , printing overpowered bullshit cards while ignoring ways they are too good . . this is n't a new phenomenon . 
  people seem to think that these are recent . 
  they are n't . 
  dark ritual has never been overpowered . 
  is it just my phone or is the sound quality of the mill vs dredge video terrible ? 
  what you are saying is just not true or relevant . 
  there are still plenty of cards that are terrible in limited , but that just is n't what power curve means . 
  the best cards in sets are so so so far above the curve that you have to play them . 
  maro 's article on bad cards is widely regarded as crappy amongst game designers . 
  that 's not how any other game approaches design . 
  and it has nothing to do with how flat the power curve is anyway . 
  turn 1 spectre was n't dark ritual it was spectre . 
  hippy was designed badly . 
  it was undercosted . 
  black 's mechanical design space included dark ritual . 
  that 's what made it different and interesting compared to the other colours . 
  totally ignoring existing cards in designing new ones is incompetent, 
  that 's just not true though, 
  not really . 
  wotc has basically never produced quality , balanced products . 
  learn to read, 
  which makes it full of mtx . 
  they have never responded to complaints about their total lack of design competence . 
  that 's because hypnotic spectre is unbalanced . 
  it was n't designed for the environment it was in , which included dark ritual . 
  preordain is a much better card without shuffle effects because you get exactly the cards you want . 
  ponder is a much better card with shuffle effects because you get to see more cards and you still get exactly the cards you want . 
  this is extremely well-established fact . 
   the theory jews control the media, 
  not sure i 'd call it a theory given that it 's literally just true . 
  hey guess what , turns out people are n't totally 100 % evil just because they hold a few backwards views . 
  not excusing what the guy said of course - totally out of line . 
  pretty stupid calling these ` constructed set review ' when he does n't talk about any format that is n't standard . 
   modern card pool, 
  lol no thanks . 
   ignorant american here, 
  look at a map . 
  learn to measure distance . 
  the lib dems are more of a left-wing party . 
  they got rekt in subsequent elections because of allying themselves with the right . 
  so no , it was evidence that the right wing was simplistic and the left-wing nuanced . 
  maro does n't run wotc . 
  he has very little actual power there . 
  we do n't need five posts on this . 
  there are lots of ways to quantify this . 
  all sleeves have high variance between manufacturing runs . 
  if you ca n't regard $ 1000 as a sunk cost you should n't spend $ 1000 on a deck . 
  the dictionary definition, 
  that 's exactly why i just said what i said . 
  it 's shit pay to win garbage . 
   legion is a pretty damn good expansion , best they have had since wotlk by my count, 
  so still garbage then . 
  tauren are n't ` talking cows ' . 
  at all . 
  they look nothing at all like cows . 
  have you ever seen a cow ? 
  i totally agree . 
  i do n't think it should be ` special ' . 
  that 's just how basic lands should be . 
  they should n't be special and unique . 
  all basic lands should be full art . 
  and that is relevant to what i said ... because ? 
  i agree with you . 
  note i did say `` has basically never '' . 
  they have , but it 's been very rare . 
  it 's entirely luck . 
  well they still print regular lands in sets with full art basics . 
   well they still print regular lands in sets with full art basics . 
  learn the definition of p2w . 
  you can level up by paying money . 
  that puts you way ahead . 
  well osrs is pay to win . 
  and osrs is still pay to win . 
  i absolutely agree with you . 
  any developer that bans people for ` abusing game mechanics ' in a fucking beta is an incompetent retard . 
  finding bugs is * exactly * the point of a public beta . 
  if it is possible to cheat then that 's the first issue you should fix in competitive balancing . 
  unfortunately yes , a lot of mmorpgs are . 
  because they 're wrong ? 
  what kind of stupid argument is that ? 
  ` you are wrong ' ? 
  seriously ? 
  the entire point of a beta is to find bugs . 
  punishing players for finding bugs is just stupid . 
  it 's punishing players for finding your mistakes . 
  fix the fucking bugs and reward the players for finding them . 
  betas should n't be expected to be balanced . 
  it will all be wiped anyway . 
  what kind of idiotic shit are you spouting now ? 
  i 'm not talking to ` developers ' or telling them to do anything . 
  i am stating a fact : betas are about finding bugs and polishing . 
  banning people for ` exploiting ' bugs will just result in players not reporting that they 've found bugs for fear of being banned . 
   a beta game serves whatever purpose the developers set up . 
  that 's not how words work . 
  if it 's not about finding bugs and polishing then it 's not a ` beta ' , whether or not they call it one . 
   cheat prevention is not one of them . 
  ` cheat prevention ' is literally exactly the same thing as finding and fixing bugs . 
  the ability to cheat * is * a bug . 
   jesus christ do n't talk about shit you do n't know anything about .
