i 'm still not sure what a boulevard is , and stroad sounds like an sti ( or worse , stroud ) , but remember that most settlements in europe were designed around pedestrians , not cars . 
  most vital amenities are within walking distance from each other . 
  high streets are usually closed to vehicles during peak shopping hours in many parts of europe . 
  yeah . 
  it 'll still be a pain in the arse for you , as you are n't an eu citizen , but it will be a lot cheaper . 
  there was a lad a while ago , who rather than take the bus from wherever it was to london , it was cheaper to fly to berlin , spend the day there including a few meals and some shopping , and then fly to london . 
  flying is cheap as chips . 
  yeah , it 'll be a whole load cheaper . 
  some folk are saying the eurostar is better , so look into that . 
  the last time i was on it was around a decade ago and it was awful . 
  you can get on the eurostar in london and rail to paris , and after a quick google it costs # 29pp , whereas it was around # 80 when i went . 
  it seems that there are also hotel bookings available on their website , so check that out . 
  sorry , i assumed you were already in london . 
  do n't book a ticket from london to paris in america , as you can see it 's quite pricy . 
  airline . 
  it 'll be a two hour flight , so go ryanair or some other shite budget airline . 
  eurostar is fucking extortionate , whereas you can fly to paris for as little as ten quid . 
  if you 're in london , fly from gatwick . 
  avoid heathrow like the lurgy . 
  probably something around [ this size . 
  ] ( http://shedsbuilding.com/wp-content/uploads/2013/04/small-garden-shed-2.jpg ) seriously though , my parents bought the current shithole for # 350,000 . 
  [ this is n't it ] ( http://www.winster.org/headlands/cottage_images/derbyshireholidaycottagewinster.jpg ) , but they 're practically identical , down to the breezeblock porch . 
  `` oh wow it 's gorgeous , you 're * so * lucky to live here '' . 
  well i 'm glad you fucking like it , there 's no central heating or double glazing and if we get a man in to check out the damp issue then it 'll be condemned . 
  that still happens to us . 
  `` is it united kingdom , is it england , or great britain ? '', 
  we say to ourselves as we attack the dreaded drop down menu . 
  one time i found it in the t section , under `` the united kingdom of england '' . 
  whoever makes these websites clearly did not do well in geography . 
  cornwall used to be an independent state , kernow . 
  a very long time ago , i 'm not sure when , they became part of england ( certainly it was pre-union ) . 
  however they were annexed , there was n't any decisive military battles , we just came in and plonked our flags down . 
  cornwall has a unique history in the uk as it was settled by the gaels who retained their culture . 
  culturally , cornwall has more in common with ireland and brittany than it does with england , wales , and scotland . 
  wales and scotland share a similar racial genesis , but we gave them a thorough licking and now apart from their language they have more in common with us than they would like to admit ( or more accurately we have more in common with each other ) . 
  i compare it to the nationalist sentiment in the deep south of america : even 150 years later , `` the south will rise again '' is still a very strong identity in those states , because there was never an attempt to eradicate that culture in the population ( which is only just starting in the us now ) . 
  you have five `` domestic '' ( let 's say people who migrated to the british isles more than a millennium ago ) ethnic groups in the british isles that are commonly bundled into the `` white '' label . 
  very few people care about these unless it is a matter of genealogy , but there are distinct cultural and physical characteristics that these people possess which identify them . 
  this has very little ( but not nothing ) to do with our class system . 
  one of these groups , and perhaps the least numerous are the people who are descended from the celtic peoples , whereas england is populated by the descendants of the roman , anglo-saxon , norse , and norman populations , which even thousands of years later cause distinct physical features : i and many others can identify whether a person is welsh , scottish , or english by sight , as there are very common physical traits in these groups . 
  unless they are gypsies , race has very little to do with our cultural class system . 
  thus all this means that cornwall has a distinct ethnic history that is separate from england . 
  the united kingdom ( officially the united kingdom of great britain and northern ireland ) has a devolved government , sort of half way towards a federal system . 
  there 's the british parliament ( sometimes simply called westminster , after its location ) , the welsh assembly , the northern irish assembly , and the scottish parliament . 
  like i said , we are sort of half way between a federation and a centralised government , because while we wanted to appease the vassals and give them some degree of autonomy , we did n't want to give them too much autonomy . 
  thus westminster ( which is the parliament of england as well as the parliament of the entire uk ) can veto and override any and all legislation in the countries of wales , scotland , and the territory of northern ireland . 
  as you can understand this pisses them off , especially when these regions are predominately labour ( our workers/socialesque party ) , whereas england is largely tory ( conservative party ) . 
  as you can see , despite its historical , cultural , and ethnic differences , cornwall lacks its own parliament/assembly , and due to the very low population , there is n't enough interest outside of cornwall to develop the area ( `` westminster ends in devon '' as they say ) . 
  thus cornwall is our poorest and most deprived county , but unfortunately there is nothing they can do about it , as there are n't enough of them to sign a petition that the government will pay attention to ( and in my opinion this is likely deliberate , not perpetrated by the modern government but their archaic predecessors were very fond of drafting laws that deprived the `` lesser peoples '' of many rights and liberties ) . 
  have a look at [ this ] ( https://petition.parliament.uk/archived/petitions/2835 ) ; 851 signatures out of the 100,000 needed . 
  20 % of the county would need to sign that petition for it to be ** discussed ** ( and nothing would likely come of it ) in the british parliament . 
  this has resulted in a large nationalist movement in cornwall , and a strong national identity . 
  like how a person who is bavarian or texan identifies themselves as such , a person born in cornwall will likely consider themselves cornish first , and british second , because there is a similar history of former independence , military oppression , national pride , a unique culture , and deprived from power , goods , and services , as well as possessing a distinct ethnic stock . 
  four , maybe five to seven . 
  definitely four officially speaking ; england , scotland , wales , and northern ireland , but the isle of man and the channel islands are different enough to be considered as regions with distinct cultures and dialects . 
  cornwall is sort of our bavaria/texas , there 's a lot of subnational pride there for some reason , but cornwall is definitely unique . 
  barely a single supermarket , franchise garage , fast food restaurant , or chain store . 
  it 's like stepping back to a time where every shop was owned by the family that lived above it . 
  we had a few homeless people , and they had a dog . 
  they met some gypsies ( the real kind , with ornately crafted horse-drawn wagons , not the local pikeys in caravans who stole several thousand quids worth of lead from the local council estate ) and left with them apparently , so i 'm not sure if hospitable nomads is a solution to homelessness but it worked here . 
  swimming is n't out of the question . 
  if you go to the north sea , you have to skinny dip in it . 
  it 's practically the law . 
  especially if you are a student . 
  that would be like watching a [ cat ] ( https://assets.rbl.ms/1628947/640x364.jpg ) going toe to toe with a bear . 
  that alliance would break down within a day . 
  trump would spend that day screaming and roaring at putin , and putin would sit there , his face like , [ `` are you done ? 
  '' ] ( http://i.dailymail.co.uk/i/pix/2015/11/04/15/2de85b6c00000578-3303677-image-m-53_1446650428833.jpg ), 
  people survive , countries do n't . 
  policies , ideals , standards , and laws change , and by the end there 's not a scrap of the original nation left . 
  even the name wo n't survive . 
  england might be almost a thousand years old , but that does n't mean it will live for a thousand more . 
  in shorter terms , the popular sentiment is that the tories will fuck it up . 
  austerity is really getting people 's goats , i 've yet to meet a single person who approves of austerity , and i 'm that irritating person that is interested in other people 's political beliefs , and i meet a lot of people . 
  and it 's not just me and my circle , the nhs are raging about it , teachers are furious , pretty much everybody who works for the state is unsatisfied . 
  the only people i am unsure about are the dvla ( driver and vehicle licensing agency ) , because they 're all joyless robots whose idea of a good day involves getting to sign a form in triplicate . 
   `` all the foreigners need to stop taking the jobs . '', 
  they 're taking all the shit jobs that nobody wants . 
  nursing staff that are underpaid and under-appreciated , bus drivers , litter pickers , waiters in wetherspoon 's , and teaching assistants . 
  if you 're being muscled out of a job with zero-entry requirements then you should go back into education , do a cheap college course and actually make yourself worth something . 
  poverty is n't a choice , but a lack of education is . 
  what is a problem is when people who are very highly qualified are being kept from jobs , because ( although discriminative hiring is illegal ) it is preferable for the perception of a diverse workforce that foreigners are employed in high-end jobs . 
  i say the solution to that is to invest a lot more money in foreign languages , and then go full schengen : let our professionals go and take jobs in france and germany , so they are n't put out of work by poles and greeks . 
  eventually their economies will improve , and people will follow the money , taking up jobs in those formerly-poor countries . 
  you get people who bitch about such things , `` why ca n't they be gps in their own country '' , and the like . 
  well doctors get paid peanuts in their country , less than ours do for the hours they work . 
  do n't say you 've never considered moving to a place that has offered better wages . 
  everybody has thought of it . 
   `` we have to prove the uk can still stand on it 's own two feet . '', 
  i think we proved that resolutely seventy years ago , when the entire nation was besieged for several years and we held out , despite being shelled nightly . 
  the empire still stands , english is the lingua franca and the universal language for business and commerce , we 're a historical and cultural capital that has influenced global politics since the tudor period , and we have one of the - if not the - best trained , equipped , and drilled militaries on earth . 
  we 've already proven we can stand on our own two feet , we proved that long ago . 
  i say we need the eu . 
  europe has always been an arena . 
  war and racism was the status quo for far too long . 
  the eu can not stop wars completely , but it provides a unified trans-national force against such conflicts . 
  it 's not even been a lifetime since the last madman tried to conquer europe , but i would wager that is probably the longest we 've gone without a despotic leader with dreams of conquest . 
  we 'll still have nato if we left the eu , but two heads are better than one , and we 've co-operated better with european militaries than we have with the americans ( who always went off and did their own things , constantly keeping us in the dark ) in contemporary history . 
  remaining in the eu not only provides security , but also economic benefits , such as free trade . 
  if we left the eu , anything from the continent will have a hefty fucking tax slammed on it , increasing the cost of goods and services by a large margin .
