  you can not have both . 
  i actually can , since while estonia and latvia were called fascist and not without a reason , those two are not the entire eu , nato or whatever . 
  if the original post was saying `` hey , russian media calls estonia and latvia fascist from time to time '' , it would be correct . 
  but it was saying something very different . 
   it comes up in media around every other year that russian media is again writing made up stories about russian families being mistreated by child services etc. 
  [ made up , you say ? 
  ] ( https://themoscowtimes.com/articles/finland-takes-away-russian-moms-kids-again-19471 ), 
   i know that finland has been called fascist . 
  by some fringe newspaper , maybe . 
  probably the same kind that discusses tinfoil hats and our reptiloid overlords . 
   and finish officials russophobic and hostile to russians living in finland . 
  maybe because sometimes they are ? 
   estonia also gets called fascist quite regularly . 
  estonia ( and latvia ) get that treatment for a reason . 
  i know that it is wrong to equate estonian and latvian ss legions to the rest of ss ; but they did fought us , and many russians are unwilling to see different kinds of ss when those two letters basically mean `` pure evil '' for us . 
  still , those two countries are not the entirety of nato or eu . 
  brain fart of some official = / = very common trope in the media . 
  the correct translation would be `` prominent '' . 
   so the baltic states are in fact building the third reich ( which has been a very common trope in russian media ) ? 
  what . 
  since when * this * is a very common trope ? 
  youtube , seriously ? 
  no , not that . 
  nobody denies the human factor . 
  intent , however , was never proven . 
  as in , nobody plotted to create holodomor , and nobody plotted to take a natural famine and make it even worse . 
  on the contrary , efforts to help people were documented ( if only `` too little too late '' - local authorities were reluctant to report the real situation to moscow ) . 
  for the record , my position here is based on [ western research ] ( https://www.amazon.com/years-hunger-agriculture-1931-1933-industrialization/dp/0333311078 ) , not russian . 
  except this is not what happens in russian media , this is what / r/europe think what happens there . 
  i ca n't remember any single case when an european country was called `` fascist '' , `` gay '' or `` evil '' , directly or indirectly . 
  well , for starters , there are a lot of claims about this `` war '' . 
  evidence , not so much . 
  i remember like two or three cases when ukrainian army caught more or less legit russian pows , and they made a very loud show out of it . 
  considering they claim there are tens of thousands of russian troops involved there , i find it kind of hard to believe it . 
  if you are really willing to go down * that * lane , pretty much entire europe is responsible for it . 
  and usa . 
  appeasement left and right , deals with nazis , etc. 
  the molotov-ribbentrop pact was an icing on the cake . 
  of course , if you 're true to history and unwilling to close your eyes on `` difficult '' things . 
   the soviet famine of 1932 -- 33 ( which holodomor is a part of ) was n't unintended . 
  please do publish your sources that allow you to make this statement . 
  i 'm sure all historians worldwide would be very , very interested , because as of now there were found exactly zero documents that could support this point of view . 
  except it was n't stalin who told us about nazi plans . 
  i think they were . 
  after all , an average human is pretty dumb , and recent rapid growth of the quality of life could be quite easily contributed to putin ( propter hoc fallacy , extremely common if not specifically trained against ) . 
  he did not . 
  please stop retranslating myths . 
  i 'm not saying that stalin was a saint , far from it , but this statement of yours is so wrong i do n't even know where to start to debunk it . 
  get a history book , maybe . 
  we 're talking about the media , are n't we ? 
  i 'm not willing to discuss this imaginary undeclared `` war '' which ukraininan government itself refuses to call a war . 
   maybe enemy is too harsh a word . 
  definitely rivals , untrusting so , just as they are in reality . 
   the blame on the west for russia 's domestic issues again , when exactly did that happen ? 
  i do n't follow russian media too closely , to say the least , but i think i 'd caught it if it was a common theme . 
   countries like the us , uk , ukraine , turkey for a little bit , eu/nato , were all treated as enemies how exactly they were treated as * enemies * , may i ask ? 
  `` the core of stalin 's historic achievements consists in this , that he had found russia working with wooden ploughs and is leaving her equipped with atomic piles . 
  he has raised russia to the level of the second industrial power of the world . 
  this was not a matter of mere material progress and organization . 
  no such achievement would have been possible without a vast cultural revolution , in the course of which a whole nation was sent to school to undergo a most intensive education . '', 
  in before `` stalin popularity is growing '' , the same poll was made in 2012 , with * higher * results ( 42 % then vs 38 % now ) . 
  pushkin , on the other hand , moved up to the 2nd place , removing lenin from there . 
  ukrainians do not get to define the rules and customs of the russian language . 
  where are the pows then ? 
  each time ukraine captures an actual russian soldier they declare it very loudly . 
  actually , the author of that blog post explains in it the means of research too . 
  too bad you did not read it . 
  very well , i 'll leave the easy joy of judging the book by the cover to you . 
  have a nice day . 
  you words has less and less meaning with every new reply . 
  i wonder why . 
   yes , generally people will use the same testimony when found truthful . 
  this is not what i said . 
  i said that all those newspapers are referring to the same original source of information . 
  amount of newspapers is not related to the credibility of the source . 
   so all newspapers are according to you either lying or inept ? 
  they are making business . 
  this is not the first invented story , it would n't be the last . 
   experience from what my uncle . 
  have you actually read the article ? 
  let me recite it again : `` anzor , in his 40s , said the ordeal began when police stopped the car in which he was riding with friends in the town of argun . 
  they were taken to a police station after officers found a sedative pill on one friend . 
  small details that anzor did n't want to make public led the police to believe that he and one of his friends were gay , he said . '' and here is your reply : `` if it is like in some countries ; he refused to undress and perform sexual acts with a man in front of the police officer . 
  or he refused to divulge names of his partners , which is a common question . 
  furthermore why does he need to prove to the police the fact that he and his friends are gay regardless ? '' either my english suddenly deteriorated , or there is no connection whatsoever between those two fragments . 
  do explain . 
   it is sad that you believe everyone involved is either inept or lying . 
  well , they did not provide any reason to believe otherwise . 
   funny , somehow reputed newspapers all reporting something needs to be ignored with multiple stories , but a random blog somehow we need to take serious according to you ? 
  because appealing to authority ( or lack thereof ) is a grave error in any reasoning . 
  authority means exactly nothing to the contents of the message . 
  author of this random blog has found serious problems in the fbk investigation , and it does not matter at all that he is not widely known or respected . 
  just the same , vague and baseless statements repeated ad nauseam by any amount of reputable and respected newspapers will still be vague and baseless . 
   if everyone of all ideologies report the same thing it is more likely to be true , then when just 1 source claims it . 
  yeah , but this is not the case . 
  all those reports could be tracked to the same source . 
  the number of newspapers repeating statements of this source does not matter , it does n't make the source itself more credible . 
   if it is like in some countries ; he refused to undress and perform sexual acts with a man in front of the police officer . 
  or he refused to divulge names of his partners , which is a common question . 
  furthermore why does he need to prove to the police the fact that he and his friends are gay regardless ?
