  why then bother with that association agreement ? 
  eu is not a charity last time i 've checked . 
   and it certainly does n't need any of the problems that would inevitably arise from having a country on the path to joining the eu being in the sphere of influence of russia . 
  but it needs a country with major problems that arise after breaking almost millennium-long common history and ties . 
  sure . 
   i can only imagine how secure scotland or catalonia would feel if their referendums were to be done under military presence . 
  just imagine that after scotland tried to secede britain went in , scrapped the constitution of scotland and said that scotland does n't need the president of scotland anymore . 
  and that simultaneously british extremists send ` trains of friendship ' to remind ~ ~ crimeans ~ ~ scotchmen about , i cite , ` who they belong to ' . 
  military in crimea was not for forcing crimeans to vote ` correctly ' . 
  it was to defend them from ukraine interfering * again * . 
   there are a wealth of reasons as to why the eu ( with its aims of an ever closer union ) should have no desire to accept a country that wishes to keep such close ties with russia because russia is an enemy to eu ? 
   it would split loyalties and interests . 
  many countries in eu have ` split loyalties and interests ' . 
  why is it a problem with ukraine ? 
  what 's so hard about trilateral agreement that allows ukraine to align more pro-eu and at the same time does n't harms relations with russia ? 
  why eu did n't even * tried * that ? 
   considering the annexation of crimea http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/annexation crimeans had referendum and decided to leave ukraine . 
  then they decided to join russia . 
  travel there , ask them for how many years they wanted that . 
   the arming of separatists so you finally had found the proof ? 
  do share . 
  ( by the way , they are not even separatists , correct term would be federalists . ), 
   the only way the eu could tell the ukrainian people this would be through the media . 
  nope . 
  they could influence ukrainian government . 
  they could require of them to correctly inform ukrainian people . 
  may be even do something democratic like , i dunno , referendum . 
  it was , after all , major decision for ukrainians because when aligning with eu strictly on eu terms they are breaking ties with russia . 
  good sorts of apple trees ( production quality , those that give a lot of nice looking and tasting apples ) are kind of hard to grow here due to harsh winters . 
  one -40 winter and say goodbye to your apple trees . 
  source : apples on my city 's coat of arms are there for a reason . 
   no , it 's not . 
  yes it is . 
  ukrainian people has close economical , cultural and even family ties to russian people . 
  you ca n't just take that and throw out of the window . 
   if the ukrainian people and government are not happy with what the eu is offering ( on the basis of it not taking into account the strong ties with russia ) , they are free to reject that . 
  and if some ukrainian people are not happy with what ukrainian government is doing ? 
   if ukraine does not like that , they can reject the association agreement and any aim of entering the eu . 
  yanukovich tried to do exactly that . 
  pro-eu violent minority disagrees , unconstitutionally ousts yanukovich , eu is totally ok with that . 
  pro-russian violent minority disagrees with that , and it is suddenly ` russia involving in what it must not involve ' . 
  hypocrisy much ? 
   how exactly does the eu as an institution explain that to the ukrainian people ? 
  if the ukrainian people are misinformed that is the fault of their own government or media . 
  and eu is suddenly blind at inability of ukrainian government to correctly inform ukrainian citizens about what association agreement means . 
  not blind enough though to condemn yanukovich and to legitimize new government . 
  selective blindness is a very convenient condition , it seems . 
   there is a big difference between signing a trade contract with the eu and invading a country . 
  crimean soldiers were already in crimea , and they simply made sure that ukraine wo n't force it 's will on crimeans * again * ( it never stops to amuse me how the west was totally ok when in nineties ukraine stripped all the autonomy of crimea , ignored crimean referendums and landgrabbed sevastopol which never was ukrainian ) . 
   ukraine could still have had its trade contracts with russia and be a closer trading partner with the eu . 
  nope . 
  this way ukraine could just import cheap eu goods and resell them to russia as ` ukrainian ' enjoying 0 % taxes . 
  `` lithuania 's minister of foreign affairs linas linkevicius has said that lithuania , which holds the presidency of the european union , rejects a proposal by the ukrainian cabinet of ministers to establish trilateral dialogue between ukraine , russia , and the european union , the interfax ukraine news agency reports . 
  linkevicius said in a statement , `` the proposal for the trilateral dialogue is not an option and has no precedents . 
  eu proposal for bilateral association remains on the table and we see no role for third countries in this process . '''' ( [ source ] ( http://en.cfts.org.ua/news/european_union_rejects_proposal_for_ukraine_russia_eu_trilateral_dialogue ) \\ ) ukraine is very special case , considering its history and ties with russia . 
  it was eu who declined to view ukraine as such , forcing ` either this or that ' decision . 
   which is n't the fault of the eu . 
  how is n't the fault not explaining to general people what association agreement really means ? 
  what 's [ this ] ( http://en.cfts.org.ua/news/european_union_rejects_proposal_for_ukraine_russia_eu_trilateral_dialogue ) then ? 
  `` lithuania 's minister of foreign affairs linas linkevicius has said that lithuania , which holds the presidency of the european union , rejects a proposal by the ukrainian cabinet of ministers to establish trilateral dialogue between ukraine , russia , and the european union , the interfax ukraine news agency reports . 
  linkevicius said in a statement , `` the proposal for the trilateral dialogue is not an option and has no precedents . 
  eu proposal for bilateral association remains on the table and we see no role for third countries in this process . '''' simply joining eu trade agreement and russian trade agreement wo n't work , because it 's indirect trade attack on russia ( for example , one can buy cheap polish apples and then sell them as ukrainian apples with 0 % import tax ) . 
   nobody thought ukraine would join eu i 've read many ukrainians in social media boasting how ` those foolish russians can suck when we join eu ' . 
  people did n't even read that association agreement , it was like ` we are going to eu real soon ' . 
   people got finally fed up with broken promises and revolted . 
  nope , people revolted after yanukovich 's foolish crackdown on protests . 
   it was not even about trade deal as much of getting rid of the people in power . 
  and yet the same people are in power now : poroshenko , timoshenko , yatsenuk etc. 
  they were in power for years already in one position or another , if you think that they are less corrupt than yanukovich then think again . 
  powerful interests ? 
  of course . 
  all kinds of powerful interests . 
  russia is , after all , indeed quite corrupt even now , and just a couple decades ago it was , frankly speaking , a hellhole . 
  it 's just incredibly stupid to state that ` russian state kills journalists ' or ` putin orders to kill journalists ' . 
  it 's redirecting attention from the real problem which is far more complex . 
  exaggerating things does n't helps too . 
   why does russia feel the need to interfere in ukraine 's decisions ? 
  well , why does the eu feel that need ? 
  i mean , back then in 2013 when things were relatively calm , it was the eu who told that ukraine must decide between eu and russia and rejected trilateral talks , completely ignoring the fact that russia is major ukraine trading partner and kind of shares a whole lot of other things . 
  that fired up maidan ( many ukrainians thought that they 're going to actually join eu ) and all following events . 
   we are already protected from the right sector , pornhub , ukrainian news sites , local opposition news sites , and numerous random sites that occasionally have the same ip as dangerous stuff people should be protected from . 
  this is actually a nation-wide training in using stuff like proxy servers , vpns and tor . 
   1 ) / u/mkvgtired did n't say anything about motive what 's the point in summing up * all * deaths , even those that are clearly not linked at all to journalist work ? 
   motive is something not trivial to establish , especially if the murderer was not found . 
  yes , and that 's the reason to accuse russian government that it kills journalists , amirite ? 
  and this is just plain wrong . 
  for example , politkovskaya ( probably most famous case ) was critical of many things and many men besides government . 
  go to http://journalists-in-russia.org , filter by ` homicide ' and ` j' ( linked to journalism ) , read the cases . 
  judge for yourself . 
  you forgot to filter by motive . 
  since 1993 year there were 29 homicides that were linked to journalist work . 
  about half of that were in north caucasus . 
   very fact that journalists in russia are murdered for saying things the government does n't like that 's actually not a fact , that 's an assumption . 
  even accusation . 
  is there any proof to that ? 
  frankly speaking , he is talking out of his ass , because full list of all journalists killed in russia is kind of available on teh internets , and it 's nowhere close to ` triple digits ' . 
   just in the putin/medvidev years the number of russian journalists that have been murdered ** is in the triple digits ** source that , please ? 
   if a statement can produce response in line of `` what/who is/are gay ( s ) ? '', 
  it is ` instigate interest to such relations ' . 
  oh , if random guy on the internets says so , it must be true .
