  like , you know , that one couple of levels above . 
  instead of fighting with imaginary foes , maybe it would be better to actually read it . 
   you know this how ? 
  your personal anecdote ? 
  laughable . 
  oh really ? 
  if i do n't know such families , and many of my acquaintances do n't know such families , and if in general it is not considered a very common thing ( contrary to having a familiy member who died in the war ) , there are three possibilities . 
  first , i live in a very special region of russia which was mostly unaffected by soviet oppression . 
  second , there is some sort of enourmous conspiracy that forces people to silence even long after ussr fell . 
  third , the scale of said oppression was n't nearly in the `` tens of millions killed '' ballpark . 
   also , did you just google `` snyder bloodlands criticism '' and posted the first result , a random article by a nobody ? 
  there is a reason this article is the first result to that search request . 
  read it to the bottom , and do n't ever mention snyder again , sources or no sources . 
   ca n't read cyrilics , so dunno what your point is . 
  also a random web is not a source of anything . 
  it is not a source , it is simple analysis of some solzhenitsin lies . 
  use translator , it 's xxi century already . 
   tens of millions of people went through gulag . 
  just like that . 
  what 's special about soldiers ? 
  above-mentioned solzenicyn was one of them . 
  what 's the unrealistic part ? 
  first , there is no historic documents that could confirm this ridiculous number . 
  no , documents were n't destroyed , and they are unclassified , but the numbers are much less . 
  second , how exacly you imagine such mass-imprisonment ( millions of soldiers who returned from europe ) that could go completely unnoticed ? 
  because while there are many families whose members fought and returned from the war , there is no mass memory of such event of mass-imprisonment of soldiers returning from europe . 
  either it went magically unnoticed , or the scale was n't nearly this large . 
   lay out your point : how many people did stalin kill ? 
  i do n't usually answer incorrect questions , and it is incorrect since i very much doubt that you want to know how many people did stalin kill * personally * , and i consider it very wrong to attribute to a single person what was commited by entire system . 
  if you want to ask how many people did soviet system killed during stalin 's rule , well , about 1-1 .5 million i think ( about 700 thousands shot , others died in gulag ) , not counting the victims of famines , since it 's very hard to determine how much of it was intentional , how much due to ineffectiviness of the economy and how much due to more or less natural causes - after all , massive and deadly famines were n't unknown to those regions long before the ussr . 
   everybody fucking noticed . 
  how comes `` everybody '' out of ussr noticed , but nobody of actual ussr inhabitants did not ? 
  how comes pretty much every single russian family remembers wwii , but only few have family members killed by stalin 's purges ? 
   snyder 's bloodlands [ oh please . 
  ] ( https://www.jacobinmag.com/2014/09/timothy-snyders-lies/ )  yet you seem to be completely oblivious to what he writes ( including prosection of those , who 'd returned from europe ) . 
  interesting . 
  there is nothing interesting in here : it is obvious as day that he also grossly exaggerated the facts . 
  [ for instance . 
  ] ( http://samlib.ru/r/rjurikow_i_s/solzhenizsyka.shtml ) not the best source ( to say the least ) , but the reasoning is quite convincing . 
   lay your equation down for me , so that i can give it a go . 
  first `` equation '' : russian army returns from germany ( europe ) and all or at least large part of the soldiers are persecuted so they `` wo n't bring imperialist propaganda '' . 
  please describe how it could be realistically done . 
   the number he 's giving is at the upper estimate of numbers frequently cited on the internet . 
  there is nothing malicious in his citing of this number . 
  malicious ? 
  no , of course . 
  ignorant . 
   but i see the russian flag next to your name so i have to expect that you will minimize the holodomor at any given opportunity . 
  it is to be expected . 
  interesting logic . 
  russians were the most oppressed ethnicity in the ussr ; more than half of gulag 's victims were russian , many russians starved to death during holodomor , but you still think we will whitewash the ussr on pretty much every occasion ? 
  or maybe , just maybe we do n't like when ussr is painted like it was literally hell on earth ? 
   but why ? 
  they are n't , and everyone knows they are n't . 
  who `` everyone '' ? 
  populist writers , inflating numbers to impress readers ? 
  stalin 's rule was brutal enough , but some people apparently think that about 700 thousand executed `` enemies of the people '' is way too few to paint the right kind of picture . 
   is this like one of those things like the winter war with finland that was left out of the curriculum during soviet times so now you have to act like it did n't happen when it did ? 
  soviet times were like 25 years ago , you know , winter war and stalin 's purges are long since in the curriculum . 
  i do n't quite get your point here . 
   this is something that many stalin and ussr enthusiasts ignore . 
  so enlighten us . 
   of course we will never know for sure , the documents about this were either destroyed or classified by the soviet/russian government actually , those documents were n't destroyed , and they are long since declassified and [ studied by historians . ] ( http://www.amazon.com/the-years-hunger-agriculture-industrialization/dp/0333311078 ) . 
  7 million dead in ukraine alone is grossly exaggerated . 
  why do you people feel the need to inflate already terrible numbers ? 
  yeah , i think you 're right , your sources are pretty convinc ... oh wait . 
   you pick some numbers , connect them you way you want to connect and then induce what did n't happen from those numbers . 
  actually , that 's the typical thought process of people from the `` stalin murdered billions '' camp . 
  only in reverse . 
   the fact is the ussr was massively depopulated . 
  yes it was , by wwii . 
  20-something million , give or take . 
  if you add another similar depopulation ( or even more ridiculous , like that 30 million estimate by conquest ) , things would be absolutely insane . 
  there is no way in hell that stalin killed 10 or 20 or 30 million soviet citizens * and nobody noticed * . 
  pretty much each russian family lost somebody in the war . 
  the number of families suffered from stalin 's ( or ussr in general ) oppression is much , much less . 
   it 's also a fact , that out of those 20 million , 6 million were killed in action by the nazis . 
  those 6 millions ( closer to 10 based on other estimates ) are military losses . 
  other ~ 10 millions were civilians murdered by the nazi . 
   do you know stalin prosecuted those , who dared surrender ? 
  yes , so ? 
   or those who went to europe in general . 
  so stalin persecuted everybody who downed nazi germany and took berlin ? 
  do you even listen to yourself ? 
  because that 's beyond ridiculous . 
  entire red army persecuted after the victorious european campaign . 
   how does your population growth bullshit stand against well documented actions well , * cite * those documents . 
  but be sure that you 're citing actual historical documents , not some `` estimations '' . 
   do yourself a favour , read some sol\u017eenicyn . 
  i 've read him , and i 've read much more than him . 
  do yourself a favour , learn some basic logic and math . 
  what `` historical truth '' ? 
  ussr lost about 20 million people in ww2 , if you add another 20-40 million supposedly killed by stalin it would be * massively * depopulated , which was obviously not the case . 
   stalin to that point killed tens of millions of russians let alone everyone else . 
  it 's tens of billions actually , get your facts straight already . 
  russia 's threats to anyone , however real , have exactly nothing to do with eu forcing ukraine to choose between eu and russia , the latter being largest trade partner by far . 
  the free trade agreement with russia would n't be compatible with the free trade agreement with eu without trilateral talks . 
  in other words , eu insisted on ukraine choosing between eu and russia . 
  [ i disagree . 
  ] ( http://www.theguardian.com/commentisfree/2008/sep/09/eu.globaleconomy ),
