  russia 's business partners ( = western businesses ) are not happy at all with western sanctions and , in turn , with western governments ; at least from what i know . 
  this exact second ? 
  do n't know , probably yes . 
  why ? 
  state , yes . 
  government . 
  but / u/ajsdklf9df was not talking about government , he was talking about ` quickly growing , and diverse economy , strong and great for small businesses ' which , according to him , does n't exist . 
   what convinced me was when the leader of the dnr 's military posted online that his forces shot a plane down except it was not ` the leader of the dnr 's military ' . 
  he simply does n't uses social media where it was posted . 
  it was posted by [ a group of sympathizers ] ( https://vk.com/strelkov_info ) supporting him , probably after they knew that a plane was taken down but without knowing yet that it was wrong kind of plane . 
   an economy which quickly improves the average russian 's standard of living . 
    obviously none of that has happened , only russian energy has been good for russia . 
  sorry , but you do n't have a slightest idea how much average russian 's standard of living improved after yeltsin . 
  and before you start on ` russian energy ' , no , ` russian energy ' composes may be 15 % of entire russian gdp . 
   if russia had announced troop withdrawal from chechnya immediately there is a good chance that the beslan situation would have ended without this much bloodshed . 
  nope . 
  i mean , yes , probably the beslan victims might be spared , but you know , russian military was in chechnya for a reason . 
  and not , that reason was not independence , chechnya won de facto independence during the first war . 
  reason was chechnya becoming the center of criminal and terrorist activity ( complete with training camps for terrorists and all that ) . 
  how can people see him as warmongering conqueror when all official statements from him are in the line of ` stop shooting and start talking ' ? 
  yes , people generally like him , mostly for what he did internally , but for crimea too ( that 's historically russian land for which russia fought several wars , this issue has deep roots ) . 
  official position is that russian state is not helping separatists . 
  unofficial help is obvious , but size and source of that help is kept unclear by those who organize it ( and it is not necessarily putin ; there are all kinds of powerful people in russia with their own agenda ) . 
  i think it is important to notice that putin never voiced a possibility of self-proclaimed eastern ukrainian republics joining russia ; and in russian media those republics are always underlined as self-proclaimed ( although there is clearly shown a great deal of sympathy to those republics ) . 
  nobody is credible , all sides of that conflict present facts with a heavy bias , and that 's when not busy spewing out massive propaganda and lies . 
  think logically . 
  land grab , conquer ? 
  what for ? 
  that makes no sense . 
  crimea had strategically important military base , it was historically russian and it was not returned to russia after ussr just because of that drunkard yeltsin . 
  eastern ukraine is not that important , annexing it would put massive weight on russian economy even without any sanctions . 
  now creating a frozen conflict to prevent ukraine from joining nato , that 's something that at least * looks like * possible explanation . 
  or , may be some people there saw how russia welcomed crimea back and wanted some russia too ( eastern ukraine is a region with heavy russian ties , it was russia just a century ago , and not all people liked ukrainization of that region - no russian in schools and universities , no russian in local governments etc. ) . 
  add to that shady oligarchs with unclear agenda and personal armies , and things start to get really hairy . 
  i think it would take years of work to uncover the truth , and that would n't happen in near future . 
  for some historical overview of ukrainian situation i 'd reccommed [ this video ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=v9ube0p-d7k ) . 
  as for ` deliberately targeting civilians ' , i have seen no reports of that . 
  now , indiscriminate use of heavy weaponry , that 's other thing . 
  that did happen multiple times . 
  i mean , [ air strike ] ( http://edition.cnn.com/2014/06/03/world/europe/ukraine-luhansk-building-attack/ ) against civilian building in the middle of the city , seriously ? 
  it seems like ukrainian army just do n't care about civilian casualties . 
  afaik no pm or president , but with memorial monuments and such , certainly not by some fringe neonazi group . 
  for example : http://www.independent.co.uk/news/world/europe/outrage-as-ss-men-hold-anniversary-celebration-in-estonia-6166026.html `` the event saw veterans of the 20th estonian ss division attend a church service , lay flowers at a war memorial and attend a celebratory concert . 
  [ ... ] tallinn city council gave yesterday 's event its blessing . 
  it said that it was a `` political matter '' but , despite promises to the contrary , failed to provide an explanation of why it had agreed to the commemoration . 
  [ ... ] earlier this year jewish groups were similarly outraged when a statue to a colonel in the ss alleged to have the blood of thousands of jews and russians on his hands was erected in the north of the country . 
  the unveiling of the statue - to colonel alfons rebane - was attended by a member of the estonian parliament and the government itself refused to condemn it , let alone insist on its destruction . '', 
  nice one . 
  but honestly i doubt it , considering that estonia does things like parades of ss veterans . 
  so , your grandfather was a nazi collaborator , and you 're proud of it ? 
  how nice . 
   oh yeah so stripping dead soldiers of benefits and saying they died on their own on vacation or denying they even died so far i saw only reports of ukrainian army doing this . 
   if they are parading people around like nazis , imagine what else is done to them . 
  judging on their appearance , nothing . 
   i guesses we need to ignore that people are assaulted for inspecting graves of dead russian soldiers too . 
  i guess that talking about a single case like it was repeated is kind of wrong . 
  that guy was assaulted , yes , was it for inspecting graves ? 
  may be yes , may be no . 
  we do n't have enough information yet you 're jumping to conclusions . 
   there is no excuse for fucking over the lives of russian families who now have dead sons brothers and fathers that were just poor conscripts . 
  i know of no reports of conscripts sent to ukraine . 
  also , i like how you shifted the discussion from ` death is better than surrendering to russians ' . 
  most probably you 've got a malware that slipped by kaspersky . 
  no antivirus grants 100 % protection , especially if there is some vulnerable/outdated software installed . 
   tatars used to be a majority in the peninsula , until nearly all of them got deported by the glorious politburo . 
  nope . 
  they ceased to be a majority in late xix/early xx century , russians were about 50 % in crimea well before wwii , during which crimean tatars were deported for nazi collaboration ( not all collaborated , of course , but those little details were apparently too unimportant for stalin ) . 
  upvoted because downvote is n't a disagree button and whoever did it ca n't into reddit , but you are incorrect : football is the most popular sport in russia by a very large margin . 
   there were mass graves in rebel held territory of ukraine and the bodies were not new . 
  that would be exactly the case if the bodies first were hold in morgue , then hastily buried because morgue freezers stopped working and then unburied what ? 
  in month or so after burial , i believe . 
  what important is were there bullet marks on bodies or may be signs of torture and execution ? 
  i think it would be widely reported if found . 
   there were videos of pows being paraded in front of crowds and treated like nazis . 
  that was certainly not a right thing to do , but not a torture too . 
  not something worse than death . 
   if russia ca n't even respect their own soldiers controlling information during covert operation ( if that actually what 's happening ) has nothing to do with respect . 
  mass graves ? 
  where are reports on who was buried in those graves , they must have been brutally killed or something , right ? 
  i 'm sure ukraine would 've reported it loudly , yet it keeps silence about that . 
  may be there is a rational reason behind those ` mass graves ' , like , i dunno ... city morgue , bodies there , no electricity to run freezers ? 
  it 's like 2 +2 . 
  as for ` video of torture ' , i do n't recall any actual videos of torture . 
  video reports of seriously roughed up people , yes . 
  torture of pow committed by separatists and recorded to video ? 
  have n't seen any . 
  and attributing torture to russians alone is [ wrong ] ( http://ru.golos.ua/crime/14_08_26_petr_simonenko_sbu_pyitaet_chlenov_kompartii ) . 
   russia forces their own citizens to deny relatives are dying in the war . 
  imagine what happens to captives . 
  are you aware that there is no logical link here ? 
  ... and they tell us that russophobia is something mythical , nonexistent . 
  not my problem . 
  nobody in their right mind makes an invasion with ten confused soldiers who then surrender without a fight . 
  10 soldiers captured without a fight . 
  yeah . 
  hundreds of ukrainian soldiers crossed russian border before . 
  was it ukrainian invasion ? 
  since there still is n't nothing besides hearsay , no , not funny . 
   yep , russian tartars can confirm !, 
  not sure if sarcasm , but yes , they can .
