  their minority is significant enough that even many universities in tatarstan have courses that are taught in tatar language . 
   if they wanted to keep crimea , why they gave it away ? 
  because first it was just a logistic transfer within ussr , then that drunkard yeltsin . 
  crimeans wanted back , they had referendums , but ukraine ignored that and scrapped most of their autonomy , and russia just did n't cared enough because of the chaos of nineties . 
  edit : missed ` even ' . 
  education in local minority languages is quite common in russia , but only tatars have universities that speak tatar . 
   ukrainians got tired of having their country mined by corruption under a government backed up by russia , and decided to change their direction . 
  ... by installing in power the very same people who were in power , just on different positions . 
  yep , who were in a ` corrupt government backed up by russia ' . 
  do n't know about you , but it smells fishy for me . 
   \u2022 russian 's leader does n't want to accept the loss of influence and control over ukraine and this way started a propaganda campaign against the ukrainians you ca n't break state apart with propaganda alone . 
   \u2022 ukrainians did n't buy it , so putin decided to stage a regional conflict in the east , and invaded ukraine under the disguise of an insurgency there were quite significant pro-russian protests in eastern ukraine . 
  were they staged too ? 
   this is bullshit and you know it what is bullshit ? 
  forced ukrainisation is bullshit ? 
  it is a fact . 
  russian is taught at schools as a foreign language despite very significant ethnic minority ( just to compare : languages of ethnic minorities are official in the regions of russia where those minorities live ) . 
   part of ukraine just tells that they are part of russia . 
  and this is just incorrect . 
  parts of ukraine tell that are independent states now . 
  they may want to be a part of russia , but that 's another question . 
  i 'd guess that federalization would be enough , it was even promised by poroshenko if i 'm not mistaken , but apparently those promises were empty . 
  why not to have spare trucks in case one or two of 280 broke up ? 
  why not to simply logistics ( load different kinds of goods in separate trucks ) ? 
  ah , i know why . 
  because those explanations do n't picture russia in dark colors . 
  there were 280 trucks . 
  on what basis you assume that all trucks were loaded like this ? 
  [ here ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kybhzmgqt-k ) on about 1:05 -1:20 in the right bottom corner we can see red cross guys checking trucks . 
  this does n't looks like your photos at all . 
  people really ca n't into physics those day it seems . 
  google for weight and volume limits of those trucks , google for average density of food , do some 7 grade level calculations . 
  read thread from the start . 
  i 'll even make it easy for you . 
   also , dismantling of industrial equipment committed by a bunch of truck drivers in just couple of hours ? 
   `` a bunch of truck drivers '' who several admitted to being from the military , implying they were all from the military . 
  as i understand it , / u/nilbop either believes that military background somehow gives , how to say it ? 
  upper hand in dismantling and transporting industrial equipment , or / u/nilbop mentined it just because . 
   do you not believe russian military men can steal industrial equipment  point out the part of my sentence where i mentioned the equipment being stolen . 
  yet it is me who is n't making any sense . 
  how your ` military truck drivers ' are related to my original comment , if you 're not implying that they are qualified to ` steal industrial equipment ' ? 
  til that helping people is ` playing games ' . 
  what 's wrong with you people , really ? 
   then i 'd guess even nuking entire city off the map will not be enough . 
  as i 've already said , for certain people even nuking entire city off the map will not be enough . 
   ignorant or a liar ? 
  `` an ad hominem [ ... ] is a general category of fallacies in which a claim or argument is rejected on the basis of some irrelevant fact about the author of or the person presenting the claim or argument . '' but you are right !, 
  that 's not an ad hominem , because there you mentioned no facts at all , instead moving straight to baseless blaming !, 
  my bad . 
  http://www.hrw.org/news/2014/07/24/ukraine-unguided-rockets-killing-civilians `` the use of indiscriminate rockets in populated areas violates international humanitarian law , or the laws of war , and may amount to war crimes . '', 
  so , your commentary about ` military truck drivers ' was completely unrelated to mine ? 
   ignorant or a liar ? 
  your choice . 
  that looks like a claim to me ...  `` prove me wrong '' is a huge red flag in any dispute . 
  ... or even more like ad hominem , which is a biggest red flag you can ever get . 
   except that they 've been saying the same several months ago who ` they ' , crowd in the streets of donetsk ? 
  i do n't remember such crowds . 
   are you under the impression that russia did n't invade crimea ? 
  i 'm pretty sure that ` polite green men ' were russian soldiers . 
  it was kind of obvious because of their equipment and training . 
  i also am pretty sure that there was no any major invasion to crimea - just because there were already soldiers there , in the military base that stands there for longer than usa does exist ( just to put things in perspective ) . 
  as far as i know , all that happened in crimea falls in grey zone of laws ( there were certain agreements , but then there were no legitimate government in ukraine at that time ) . 
  rebels , on the other hand , are equipped very differently . 
  reports say that they use mostly captured equipment , and i did n't saw anything that strongly contradicts to that . 
  ( hell , they even used wwii equipment from memorial pedestals . ), 
  as for their successes , it 's untrained conscripts from ukrainian side against battle-hardened ex-berkut guys and former soviet officers . 
  area shelling by grads against cities is n't enough for you ? 
  then i 'd guess even nuking entire city off the map will not be enough . 
  do you have troubles with comprehending a request , or is my english so bad you just do n't understand it ? 
   ignorant or a liar ? 
  please prove me wrong . 
  if i 'm ignorant or a liar , it would be an easy thing to do . 
  listen . 
  either provide tangible evidence of the russian invasion that would hold in a court , or shut the fuck up already . 
   given how russians lied about red cross ' involvement except they did n't . 
  icrc was informed , they got all the information they 've requested and their specialists checked the convoy . 
   ukrainian acceptance of the aid convoy [ ` ukraine says it will accept russian aid convoy -- under red cross distribution ' ] ( http://www.theguardian.com/world/video/2014/aug/14/ukraine-accept-russian-aid-convey-under-red-cross-distribution-video ) where is the lie ? 
  ukrainian army uses grad systems that are meant for area shelling and ca n't be precise . 
  there was one very well documented incident when ukrainian military aircraft committed rocket strike against civilian building , causing iirc about ten deaths of bystanders . 
  ( i 'm pretty sure there were many other similar incidents , but this was among the first . ), 
  there are several videos of what is looking pretty similar to white phosphorus bombing , which ca n't be precise too . 
  i am talking about trucks on they way back . 
  contrary to the article in this topic , ukrainian border service checked them and found them empty . 
  this ` mass hysteria ' may have something to do with tactics of ukrainian military ( specifically , indiscriminate bombings and shellings by heavy weaponry in general direction of separatists ) . 
  wait wait wait . 
  ukraine either does have border service , or does n't . 
  there was a report about ukrainian border service checking trucks on their way out , to what you replied with `` ukraine has no control over its border '' . 
  i do n't quite understand your position . 
  you mean , all those guys who spent about a week checking that convoy are , like , imaginary ? 
   russia could have helped ukraine and kept them very close through economic and friendly means you mean , like that time when russia offered ukraine like 15 billion dollars , cheap gas and what not ? 
   the news do n't say anything about when the dismantling was done . 
  the news , however , say about ukrainian border service checking the trucks on their way out . 
  trucks were found to be empty . 
  of course , those are russian news . 
  western news are apparently too busy to question men how can actually know something ( that is , ukrainian border service ) . 
  what part of ` industrial equipment ' is hard to understand for you ? 
  your ` various sources ' somehow appear to be a baseless statement by totally unbiased ukrainian official . 
  interesting . 
  source ? 
  first , the reliance is exaggerated .
