  in large part it is so because prison culture leaked out severely thanks to stalin and ( later ) the chaos and anarchy of nineties . 
  in russian prisons there is strict cast system , and being gay automatically puts one to the lowest cast possible , pretty much [ untouchable ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/untouchability ) . 
  rape ( male-on-male , yup , not gay at all ) used to be one of the most severe punishments among criminals , second only to death . 
  sorry to be that guy , but wrong use of russian patronymic kinda ruins the suspence  ( in russia , calling people by patronymic only is very informal and acceptable only for buddies . 
  ` dark lord vladimirovich ' sounds like ` dark lord old-fart-johnny ' to russian ear . ), 
  income inequality is big in russia , but not that big . 
  [ on par with usa . 
  ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/gini_coefficient#mediaviewer/file:2014_gini_index_world_map,_income_inequality_distribution_by_country_per_world_bank.svg ), 
   the option for autonomy was never even offered by russia on the election . 
  actually , it was . 
  there were two options : ( 1 ) secede from ukraine and join russia or ( 2 ) return to 1992 year constitution of crimean republic ( illegally scrapped by mainland government in 1994 iirc ) which states that crimea is an autonomous republic and a part of ukraine ( but the autonomy was quite strong , to the point that mainland ukraine ca n't restrict with which foreign states crimea can and can not have relations ) . 
  eh , it 's not like it is required to chase down plane to intercept it , and it 's not required to climb to plane 's level to shoot a guided missile . 
  and , most importantly , it 's not like all the russians `` insist this '' . 
   to be fair , the russian proposal to partition ukraine was real . 
  yeah , `` real '' . 
  it came from zhirinivskii , who is well-known political clown and proposes all kinds of crazy shit . 
   the content on that page is not true ? 
  nope , i 'm saying that if it 's not the commander personally who updates the page ( or at least guys under his command ) , then it is incorrect to link this message to him . 
  especially when guys who update the page later clarified that the message was * not * from strelkov but from locals . 
   you do know that happens , right ? 
  yeah , so ? 
  it does n't makes it any better , especially when it 's done not on accident . 
  lazy reporting is bad , and intentional lie is even worse . 
  nope . 
  not all . 
  strelkov 's reposts were specifically marked , and it was clearly stated so in the description of the group . 
  an-26 message was * not * marked . 
   if it 's the commander that 's updating the page or any other pro-russian is frankly completely irrelevant . 
  how the fuck it is irrelevant ? 
  if the commander ( or at least guys under his command ) was reporting that , that 's one situation . 
  if it 's just some random guy on the internets who reposts news from commander , another commander , his friend and basically all shit that is remotely relevant , that 's completely another situation . 
  what is ` strange and coincidental ' about said random guy posting information reported by locals who saw a big plane going down and then removing incorrect post ? 
  on the other hand , big western media reporting bullshit is strange and coincidental indeed . 
  imagine forbes writing about what obama or merkel said and illustrating that with a post in some social media which sports their photo ( so it totally must be official ) . 
  it would be ridiculous , would n't it ? 
  this article talks about `` the social website of the self-appointed military commander , colonel igor strelkov '' when actually it is a group in vkontakte ( basically russian facebook ) run by sympathizers . 
  strelkov stated several times ( long before mh17 ) that he does n't have any social media account except one obscure web-forum for historical reconstructors . 
  it is also very nice of forbes to not mention that this ` social website of strelkov ' later stated that news about downed an-26 were from locals , not from strelkov . 
  i am sorry , but as a man who actually experienced the nineties , i call that complete and utter bullshit . 
  i like how there is no link to that ` research ' , so we ca n't verify numbers and formulas used , we are required to believe it . 
  from my personal experience , in nineties most people thought about were to get money for food and clothes . 
  nowadays , they think about getting * another * car or house , or may be starting a business . 
  so you 're saying that after being a part of russian empire for about three centuries , there were no russians in baltic states except for those who moved ( or was moved ) there in 1945-1990 ? 
   you are claiming that the embargoes now and the potential future embargo on clothing form us / eu companies do n't matter as most people in russia buy hardly anything made there as those things are `` expensive i have never claimed such thing . 
   russian market needs to be protected from cheap eu products russian market needs to be protected from possible abuse of trade agreements . 
  or , please explain why exactly such abuse would be impossible . 
  the thing i did n't get is why are you mentioning something insignificant like french cheese ? 
  there are other good that can be reexported , abusing eu-moldova and russia-moldova trade deals . 
  just look at your own graphs . 
  did you even read the article ? 
  `` moscow is worried that the russian market could be flooded by cheap goods from the eu that would hit russian producers . '' to prevent that , moldova-russia trade deals will be limited or scrapped away completely . 
  and i 'm quite sure it will be presented as ` russia 's bullying moldova ' , not as ` russia 's defending its economy ' . 
  it has nothing to do with imperialism . 
  moldova ca n't have close business relations with russia and at the same time act like it does n't . 
  you ca n't have your cake and eat it too . 
  you ca n't have half of your gdp dependent on russia and at the same time act like your economical decisions do n't affect russia . 
  it is that simple . 
   just because this trade agreement affects russia does n't mean they get an automatic right to participate in the negotiations . 
  you want independence ? 
  get your businesses out from russia , get your migrants out from russia , get fucking yourself out from russia * completely * . 
  then , and only then you can talk about ` independence ' . 
   if it were a kindergarten then yes , that 's what you do . 
  but we are not in a kindergarten , so there would n't be kindergarten response to moldova ignoring russian interests . 
   but the russian government has been hard at work destroying its economy over the last year from a brainwashed simpleton 's point of view , yeah , probably . 
  but really , loosening ties with abusive neighbors is better in the long run , if you ask me . 
   russia would rather moldova did n't pursue trade agreements with the eu ** except putin did n't asked for that . 
  ** like wat , really , it 's just six simple words . 
  may be you should seek a professional help if you ca n't comprehend a basic sentence ? 
   what he 's essentially saying is we want to be part of these discussions because we own you nope , because you ca n't pretend like that agreement would n't affect russia . 
  moldova can get all the agreements they want with , say , purple unicorns from jupiter , because , well , russia does n't have any business with said unicorns . 
  it is not so with the eu . 
  i mean , of course nobody is stopping moldova from ignoring russia 's interests , but do n't act all surprised and injured when russia in turn does n't respect moldova 's interests . 
   technically the russian economy wo n't even feel it oh look , we have an economics genius here !, 
  please , do share your knowledge . 
   french cheese french cheese ? 
  does n't compute . 
  moldova is known in russia for different things , but this is not one of them . 
   sorry , it ca n't , russia can always cancel it 's agreement or suspend certain clauses unilaterally . 
  and canceling or suspending trade agreement does n't affect economics how , exactly ? 
   should moldova turn down beneficial trade agreements except putin did n't asked for that . 
  same with ukraine , he asks for trilateral talks because moldova happens to have close trade ties with russia ( albeit not so close as in ukraine 's case , if i 'm not mistaken ) and through those ties eu can economically harm russia . 
   if moldova can get better terms in eu agreement then it 's only rational for them to do so . 
  and it 's only rational for russia to warn about consequences if said agreement can harm russian economics . 
  may be because there happens to be completely different economical situation , and eu-canada deal ca n't negatively affect us-canada trade or harm us economics ? 
  itt : a bunch of people who ca n't into economics . 
  seriously . 
  moldova has trade agreements with russia , why would russia want a say in planned moldova-eu trade agreement ? 
  it obviously ca n't affect russia-moldova trade relations ... oh wait , it can and it will . 
   so if it 's quoting a lie and propaganda it becomes ok and `` a serious journalism '' . 
  yes . 
  it is something called ` reporting ' . 
  look it up in a dictionary or something . 
   ok , then i 'll quote some random guy i just met in my office first page from your own link : `` putin : kiev authorities are junta if they use force against civilians '' . 
  nope , quoting some random guy is not ` journalism rt style ' . 
  there were no sources that show something even remotely similar to  some of the most disturbing pieces on the `` ukrainian gay nazi jew fascists '' on rt. 
   in the case of op 's comment the purpose was not to provide a literal quote but a satirical one delivering the general sentiment . 
  the general sentiment that was never clarified afterwards . 
  i asked for anything even * remotely similar * to what op stated , because to exaggerate something , this something should exist beforehand . 
  the only response was massive silent downvotes and ` do you even google ' . 
  and , of course , your own response .
