  considering that the very first law after ousting yanukovich was against the russian language , native to the majority of crimeans ? 
  yeah , i think it is quite plausible . 
  it is . 
  even in the nineties , you would go way out of your way to take some of those photos . 
  it 's cherrypicking . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/atrocities_in_the_congo_free_state and , i repeat , only a minority suffered in gulag , compared to the whole population of the colonies ( well , except for the owners ) . 
   ok , so why do you , russia , and apologists insist on trying to portray it as somehow legitimate ? 
  i do n't . 
  what i do insist on is not rewriting the history , recent or otherwise . 
  it 's not `` legitimate '' , ok , who cares . 
  but it was * not * held `` at the gunpoint '' , the outcome was not forced , it was really what people wanted there ( democracy , yay ! ), 
  and you people who try to create that myth will not get away with it , not easily at least . 
  that 's it . 
   because there was an armed annexation in progress with forces storming government buildings . 
  of course they refused , as they should have . 
  this is not the way `` referendums '' go in the modern civilized world . 
  yes , except when `` the modern civilized world '' approves of storming government building , as happened in kiev . 
  somehow that was perfectly fine , is n't that strange ? 
  living in a colony as a white man , i presume ? 
  because what happened in some colonies for the natives was * way * worse than any siberian labour camp , and of course only a minority were sent there . 
  a very significant minority , but nevertheless most people in the ussr even during stalinism were far , far better off than , say , people of congo during belgian rule . 
  the west , as always , was more competent than russia , even in spreading misery , horror and death . 
   interesting perspective . 
  but secession is illegal in russia , no ? 
  yes , it is hypocritic . 
  this hypocrisy , though , is not relevant to the question of the referendum . 
   come on , they stormed government buildings with armed little green men . 
  we were talking about referendum , though . 
  those men enabled it , but as far as i know , nobody forced crimeans ( a ) to go to the voting booths , * and * ( b ) to vote in a certain way . 
  yes , remaining part of ukraine was the other option . 
  both options were in favour of russia : crimea either returns to russia or obtains enough autonomy so mainland ukraine woul n't be able to give a boot to russian navy there . 
   why the lies , rigged ballot , eh , what ? 
   no observers , etc. ? 
  there were observers . 
  not the kind the eu would want , but osce observers were invited too , they simply refused . 
   the issue is that the way it was done is totally illegitimate again , nobody said a word when totally legitimate referendum was scratched by ukraine . 
  why should we care about legitimacy then ? 
  first , no , not for decades . 
  even if you take the gulag archipelago at face value ( and you should n't , ask any historian ) , stalinism was n't the aftermath of a communist revolution . 
  ussr both before and especially after stalin was n't this oppressive . 
  second , about the most miserable place on earth ... western colonies would like to have a word with you . 
  it is a part of it , and have been for about 20 years . 
  why do you ask ? 
   nobody outside ukraine would complain about crimea if the referendum was n't held at gunpoint . 
  nobody outside ukraine complained when ukraine ignored results of the crimean referendums in the nineties , removed crimean president and scrapped crimean constitution . 
  and no , recent referendum was not held at the gunpoint . 
  try and find any photo or video with the voting booths or people queueing to vote * and * armed men . 
  you wo n't . 
  why not ? 
  that would be even harder to get , though . 
  a throwaway vkontakte account , for which you would need a throwaway sim card , which is kind of hard to get . 
  the quality of life under putin is all-time high . 
  well , was , before all that oil prices and sanctions business . 
  there is exactly nothing ridiculous behind his approval ratings . 
   finns had zero reason to provoke anything previous history of ussr-finland relationships says otherwise . 
   russia had every intention to take over finland to build more buffer for leningrad ussr , not russia . 
  and yes , they did , so they used this incident as a pretext . 
  this does n't say much about the incident itself , though . 
  it 's not like the ussr-finnish border was 100 % peaceful and then bam !, 
  the mainila shelling . 
  actually , i would like this water to be clear . 
  but it 's simply not . 
   these damn ukrainians started to think too much about themselves there is thinking and then there is [ thinking ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ofef5l72sjq ) . 
  if `` do n't praise war criminals and do n't call for ethnic cleansing '' is `` knowing their place '' , then i fucking want them to know their place . 
   because finland did n't even participate in the siege [ duude . 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/naval_detachment_k ) and this is just one example of `` not even participating in the siege '' . 
   neutral nation that had absolutely no hostility towards it your knowledge of history is clearly lacking . 
  regardless of what happened there in mainila , finland in the 30s was anything but `` absolutely no hostile '' . 
  this was proven later when finland took part in starving civilians in leningrad to death . 
  except if you go a little bit deeper than wikipedia , it becomes far less easier to understand what really happened there . 
  the sources are inconclusive on both sides , ussr and finnish alike . 
   the soviet archives were opened in the 1990s and that 's when it was discovered to be a fabrication . 
  could you give a link to that ? 
  the thing is i 'm pretty sure it was n't in the archives , at least not to the point of certainty ( as in `` a secret order to organize the provocation '' or something like that ) . 
  this is not really relevant to the question of citizenship ( see lithuania ) . 
  so what ? 
  being gay was illegal under the laws of great britain , alan turing died because of that . 
  but we 're talking about the ussr here , not gb and not nazi germany . 
  did estonia or latvia released any inmates convicted under the ussr laws ? 
  they did , when estonia and latvia were parts of the ussr . 
   it was n't legal . 
  it was , under the laws of the ussr . 
   what was it that stalin said ? 
  `` women will give birth to more '' [ that 's a myth , actually . 
  ] ( http://www.politonline.ru/provocation/22882876.html ), 
  wait , is n't calling for proofs a sure sign of a kremlin troll ? 
  you 're confusing facts with opinions . 
  reality clearly disagrees with you . 
  balts gon na be balts . 
  it 's not called butthurt belt for nothing . 
  so , increasing percent ( a clear majority in 2015 ) of people who want to see russia in it 's current borders ( and not expanded ) is the proof that `` according to the opinion polls getting more land from other countries is very popular '' . 
  i ca n't even . 
   according to the opinion polls getting more land from other countries is very popular proofs ? 
   the economy has collapsed no , it did n't . 
  the crysis of 2008 was way worse . 
   and he 's brainwashed the population into believing it 's the eu and america 's fault i do n't think you have a slightest idea what you 're talking about . 
  there is one in kharkov . 
  kiev-pechersk lavra is higher in the rankings , though , at least for me . 
  start with returning territories russian occupation gave your country . 
  whataboutism .
