  and do n't forget about english , it 's a must those days . 
  unless some genius comes by , the situation is not gon na change : baltic languages are too hard , it is easier to form a russian-speaking cultural `` bubble '' , and even if balts do n't speak russian , they speak english ( or so i heard ) . 
   kindergartens and schools that often only pay lip service to teaching estonian then maybe there is some part of the problem is estonia not enforcing proper educational standards ? 
  there are always two sides in the process of integrating a minority into a society . 
  yeah , because we all are language geniuses who can pick up foreign languages being adults while doing all other things adults do . 
  like , you know , working their asses off . 
   just the other day they showed an albanian girl who has lived in estonia for 3 years and she spoke estonian without an accent . 
  albanian girl like `` girl '' girl , like 6 years old , or grown-up ? 
  because in the latter case it 's hard to believe , the brain stops picking up nuances of pronunciation at about that age . 
  ( although i do n't know phonetics of both estonian and albanian , if all sounds in those languages are similar , it could be possible . 
  or maybe the girl is exceptionally talented . ), 
   also i have heard mormon missionaries speak estonian after being here less than a year . 
  i must repeat myself : getting by with broken foreign language in everyday situations is one thing , watching tv shows is completely another . 
   its pure laziness and big russian pride that is also to blame or pragmatism . 
  they seem to get by without knowing a half-dead useless ( outside latvia ) language , why should they waste their time ? 
  finno-ugric and baltic languages are among the most difficult to learn . 
  while it 's certainly possible to learn the basics , learning them to the point where it 's possible to understand tv shows is a totally different ballgame . 
   is there a mirror of the message on vkontakte that was taken down archive.org is did n't managed to catch it ( it 's acting up on me though , some updates do n't load at all ) . 
  however , it did managed to catch [ this ] ( https://web.archive.org/web/20140717214527/http://vk.com/strelkov_info ) : `` 17.07.14 . 
  from the public . 
  !!! attention !!!, 
  information about the downing of the plane was taken from the forum , where you communicate with the locals and the militia . 
  at the time of publication , all users thought that was shot down another an-26 of the kiev nazis and the post about the downing doubled to us , is already walked many of the public movements of the maidan . 
  information about the destruction of the aircraft igor strelkov did not confirm . 
  we remind you that in our public message strelkova i. i. published with a special banner `` strelkov reports '' . 
  all other messages we collect from open sources , as well as volunteers from the diaries of eyewitnesses . 
  strelkov writes only on one single forum , we only duplicate here his message , always accompanied by a special banner . 
  if banner not , the message is not from strelkov , but from open sources ( either from the militia , or from witnesses or from journalists ) . '' ( yandex.translated ) i think this answers most of your questions . 
  russian here . 
  we learn one foreign language in school and in college/university ; usually it 's english , but german is fairly common too ( it was actually more popular during ussr times , if i 'm not mistaken ; pronunciation is way easier to learn for a native russian speaker ) . 
  lately some schools started to offer chinese . 
  schools with romance languages are very rare for some reason . 
  all this means little , though . 
  all movies are dubbed , foreign tourists are few and far between , so due to the lack of language practice , you can rarely meet somebody who speaks decent english or german outside moscow and st.petersburg . 
   photos of the buk 's path which are n't shopped because ? . . 
  no , really , what makes you so trustful to photos of unknown origin in the second decade of xxi century , when anybody with half a brain and bunch of freely available software can doctor pretty much anything ? 
   twitter-message that they hit a ukrainian plane which got taken down immediately after it was discovered to have been a civilian airliner there was n't any twitter message , stop spreading this myth already . 
  there was reported a message `` in a social media '' . 
  vkontakte , to be precise . 
  on a page named as `` news from strelkov '' , but managed by people `` not affiliated with strelkov '' ( as was written right on the page ) and known to publish wrong information for months before . 
  i guess vkontakte is too little known outside russian-speaking zone , so it became `` twitter message '' . 
   proxy-troops denied investigators access to the crash site except they did n't . 
  they denied access for osce observers who did nothing to do with the investigation . 
  real investigators arrived later ( they were delayed by lack of any help or directions from the ukrainian government ) . 
   due to the training required to operate a buk , the latter is most likely . 
  due to the training required to operate a buk , it is actually less likely that properly trained crew would hit a wrong target . 
  not that it 's unimaginable , it happened before ( not with buk though , and by ukrainian military , not russian ) , the point is that this `` training required '' argument is n't very convincing . 
  i 'm sorry , but these `` proofs '' of yours would n't hold more than a minute in any self-respecting court . 
  now , i 'm not saying that it was ukrainian military or cia or aliens who did it ; separatists or their `` advisers '' are indeed the most likely culprits . 
  but to tell that it was proven is * way * too early . 
  `` it is not possible to accept that the shelling of tskhinvali during much of the night with grad multiple rocket launchers ( mrls ) and heavy artillery would satisfy the requirements of having been necessary and proportionate in order to defend those villages . '', 
  this is * gross * exaggeration . 
  if stalin 's repressions really killed tens of millions , then combined with all the victims of the ww ii , ussr would be massively depopulated . 
  documented numbers of about 800 thousands executed and about 3 millions sent to gulag are terrible enough . 
  this is n't a competition . 
  you have strange habit of using plural case when singular is to be used . 
  does it make you feel more important , or what ? 
  * one * question : my opinion about this documentary . 
  you have my opinion , and i explained it : it is not a documentary because it fails to handle facts properly , going to emotions instead . 
  you , on the other hand , managed to ignore * all * my questions and points . 
  well , your right , but do n't pretend it 's because i 'm `` obviously anti-gay '' or whatever . 
  we both know the real reason . 
  no , you 're not wanting to continue this conversation for one simple reason : the little facts you have do not confirm your position . 
  it 's that easy . 
  and no , i 'm not anti-gay . 
  i 'm anti-lie and anti-propaganda . 
   i 'm also very curious to hear your opinion of that documentary this is not a documentary , this is a propaganda movie . 
  it operates not with facts , but with emotions . 
   anti-gay people do n't seem to get the same treatment from the police than the gay people what are you talking about ? 
  what treatment from the police do you mean , exactly ? 
   so far it has seemed that pretty much any talk about homosexuality can be interpreted as gay propaganda . 
  so far it has seemed ... based on what exactly facts ? 
  there were 2 or 3 applications of this law so far , and it was never applied to just `` any talk about homosexuality '' , it just could n't be applied in such a way . 
   it was in the news at some point , now it does n't even have to be as it 's already in the minds of the people . 
  because you say so ? 
  what a load of bull . 
  syria is on the minds , terrorism , ukraine , oil prices , economy news , not some `` anti-gay '' law that was but a footnote 3 years ago . 
   i do n't see overreaction . 
  authors of the aforementioned report see . 
  `` even if it were assumed that georgia was repelling an attack , e.g. 
  in response to south ossetian attacks against georgian populated villages in the region , according to international law , its armed response would have to be both necessary and proportional . 
  it is not possible to accept that the shelling of tskhinvali during much of the night with grad multiple rocket launchers ( mrls ) and heavy artillery would satisfy the requirements of having been necessary and proportionate in order to defend those villages . ''  cross-border artillery strikes on ukrainian troops to justify for invasion wat, 
   there ~ ~ are ~ ~ was simple minded vigilante group ~ ~ s ~ ~ you do n't follow the news . 
  this group ( singular ) does n't exist anymore , its leader in prison ( and probably other members too , they were arrested ) . 
   law ~ ~ s ~ ~ one law . 
  singular . 
  which does n't affect gay people 's lives at all as long as they do n't tell kids that being gay is cool . 
  anyways , it 's impossible to `` distract '' people with something which is n't even in the news . 
   persecuting gay people is just a diversion to give someone to hate to the people and keep their attention away from real living conditions . 
  there is one problem with that line of thinking : nobody really cares about gays here in russia . 
  kinda hard to keep people 's attention with something that is is n't even in the media . 
  georgians responded to those shellings all right . 
  [ attacking a city with grads was an overreaction to say the least . 
  ] ( http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/europe/8281990.stm ), 
  calling nazi attack on poland `` provocation '' is a bit of an understatement , no ? 
   ~ ~ putin 's ~ ~ corrupted system it was corrupted long before him , it will be corrupted after he becomes but a memory . 
   they started war on georgia in crisis of 2008 so let me get this straight , russian government started war on georgia by ... mind-controlling georgian government to force them to assault tskhinvali ? 
  mistranslation . 
  '' \u0420\u043e\u0441\u0441\u0438\u0439\u0441\u043a\u0438\u0439 '' is related to russia as a country , '' \u0440\u0443\u0441\u0441\u043a\u0438\u0439 '' is related to russians as an ethnicity . 
  actually , i do n't think that this difference ( and it 's not a subtle difference ) could be translated to english .
