  yeah , it must be the reason hundreds of thousands of non-chechens flew from there before/during the first chechen war . 
  chechens were more or less problematic during the last two centuries at least , the only thing their society understands is overwhelming force . 
  ( * individual * chechens can be very nice people , and i know several myself . 
  but their society is pretty much stuck up in medieval times . ), 
   i do know the details . 
  unless you were there , no , you do n't . 
  i 'm not trying to white-wash russian media or black smear the western , no . 
  both are lying and ca n't be trusted . 
  but there is just not enough publicly available information to cross-reference the event and to figure out what exactly did happened there by comparing the info from different sources and figuring out the lies . 
   there is a long pattern of russia breaking up countries by arming separatists on their border . 
  there is a long patter of countries bordering russia to fail to solve their ethnic problems . 
  abkhazia , south ossetia ? 
  it was started by georgians who seceded from ussr but somehow ` disliked ' ( with army , heavy weapons and all shit ) when their minorities tried to secede from georgia in turn . 
  look up the history of those conflicts , there were no russians at their ignition . 
   meanwhile they literally obliterate parts of their own country when they want to leave you 're obviously talking about chechnya . 
  you should educate yourself about caucasus caliphate that chechen extremists tried to install there . 
  basically , they were doing just the same isis doing now in iraq/syria . 
  beheadings included , if you 're really lucky to go this easy . 
  ( this is the reason russian army was heavily criticized , our soldiers were not used to those new levels of brutality and often retaliated disproportionally . ), 
   but you are concerned with `` hypocrisy '' ? 
  yes , i am concerned with hypocrisy about the international law . 
  it obviously is being applied ( and even mentioned ) very selectively . 
   what next , you are n't aware of russia abducting people from neighboring countries in the baltics either ? 
  do you know any details of that event besides what media fed you ? 
  i do n't , so i restrain from judging it , and so should you . 
   soviet just meant russian . 
  no , it does not . 
  srsly , it 's just absurd . 
  you know nothing about actual ussr history and its inter-ethnic mechanics , go educate yourself . 
   russia flat out tried to erase other ethnic groups . 
  if you 're speaking about crimean tatars , most of them died in uzbekistan . 
  why not accuse them of poor management ? 
  ( well , * i * do know why it would be incorrect . 
  do you ? ), 
   i can easily point to quotes from russians on this website that prove my point . 
  and i can easily point to quotes from eu citizens who state that russia must be dismembered , destroyed or incinerated in the nuclear fires of hell . 
  so what ? 
  i 'm very concerned with the hypocrisy of the west . 
  i can accept the law , the international law , if it works all the time , like any law should do . 
  but apparently it works only when it 's convenient . 
  let 's take the strongest kamaz truck - [ kamaz-65225-22 ] ( http://www.kamaz.ru/ru/vehicle/cars/primemover/6522522/ ) . 
  according to specs , it can carry the load of 22 tons . 
  buckweat has the bulk density of about 660 kg/m ^ 3 . 
  hence , 22 tons of buckweat will take about 33 m ^ 3 of volume . 
  i must remind you that this is absolute maximum of what this particular truck can carry . 
  i do n't know exact size of trailers they 've used in this convoy , but [ this ] ( http://www.toptruck.ru/trailers/134869/ ) looks pretty similar in size , give or take , and according to specs it has the volume of 60m ^ 3 . 
  so , the buckweat will take only about half volume of this trailer while taking maximum possible weight . 
  add to this that only complete retard will load trucks to their max capacity if it is known that the road is quite tricky ( potholes from the shelling and the shelling itself ) , and you 'll get trucks loaded by may be 1/3 of their volume . 
  and do n't compare apples with oranges . 
  tractors are not build for 80 + km/h travel . 
  please show photo of one voting post in crimea where were ` russian military ' with guns . 
  if anything , russian military were holding guns to ukraine 's head , figuratively speaking , because somehow the west did n't cared when ukraine back then in nineties scrapped the autonomy of crimea , ignored crimean referendums ( the referendum of 2014 was * third * , ffs ) and annexed sevastopol which never belonged to ukraine . 
   source ? 
  only sources are in russian . 
  osce only says that trucks had arrived with ` rear cargo tailgates open ' , strangely not reporting what did they saw through those tailgates . 
  considering that there was only one case of baseless accusation from some ukrainian official without any attempt to push further , i think the accusation was indeed baseless . 
   they werent checked before entering and the one showed to the press were strangely half empty . 
  they were checked before entering by red cross and border service ( although border service did their best to make it last as long as possible ) . 
  the press not only fail at physics ( kamaz truck fully loaded by weight with grain or other food will be less than half loaded by volume ) , but they were also biased as hell ( there are videos that document red cross guys checking trucks , on those videos trucks are quite filled ; but most media showed two or three ` convenient ' photos ) . 
   repeating what the first `` aid '' convoy did . 
  speaking out of your ass much ? 
  first aid convoy was checked by ukrainian border service on their way back to russia . 
  trucks were empty . 
   your leadership and far-right nationalists like you worship ussr whenever given the chance . 
  you mean , like when putin said ` whoever wants ussr back , has no brain ' ? 
  also , why the fuck i 'm suddenly a far-right nationalist ? 
   and you are claiming to know ussr history ? 
  the irony . 
  i do n't see any irony here . 
   no sane person in the world would want to learn anything from russian textbooks . 
  well , if you say so ... oh wait , you 're some nobody on teh internetz with nil scientific weight . 
   so russia was n't what ussr was based around ? 
  russification was n't a thing ? 
  russian culture and language was used by communists as a glue of sorts in an attempt at creating a super-ethnic state . 
  ussr was about being soviet , not being russian . 
  actually , russians were the most oppressed ethnicity in ussr , both absolutely and relatively . 
   putin is n't currently abusing interpol to make lives hell for people in the baltics for refusing to join russians in killing people in the baltics no , he is n't . 
  i did n't heard anything about interpol , for starters , and we do n't know any details because , well , they were n't reported . 
  another attempt to say that you do n't know jack shit about the history of ussr and how it functioned . 
  communist party run ussr , not russia . 
   why would tatars want to return to a country that did ethnic cleansing of crimea in the first place ? 
  the country that did forced deportation ( and not ethnic cleansing ) was ussr . 
  both ukraine and russia were parts of ussr , and leader that ordered it to be done was not russian nor ukrainian but georgian . 
  article basically states that the name ` novorossia ' was n't used before putin ( except for centuries-old historical events ) , that putin somehow ` invented ' it , gave that name to that region . 
  simple google search proves this statement completely wrong , that the name ` novorossia ' was used before putin quite recently , it was used in modern ukraine to name certain region . 
  what 's hard to understand about it ? 
  borders of novorossia ( it is actually incorrect to translate it as ` new russia ' since geographical names are not translated ) shifted over time . 
  `` take novorossiya [ ... ] the term is plucked from tsarist history , when it represented a different geographical space . '' different geographical space ? 
  i 'm sorry , what ? 
  `` nobody who lives in that part of the world today ever thought of themselves as living in novorossiya '' thanks to google , such cringeworthy attempts at propaganda can be easily debunked . 
  just search for '' \u041d\u043e\u0432\u043e\u0440\u043e\u0441\u0441\u0438\u044f '' from 01.01.2001 to 31.12.2012 , it was frequently used . 
  for example : http://otechestvo.org.ua/analitika/20052/an1501.htm . 
  translated title : `` donbass , crimea and novorossia are forming their [ political ] elite '' . 
  article published in 2005 . 
  another example : http://www.krugozormagazine.com/show/novorosiya.665.html#comments ( translated title : `` novorossia : anachronism or necessity for ukraine ? '' ) . 
  published in 2010 . 
  another example : http://www.segodnya.ua/ukraine/novoroccija-protiv-halichiny-vekovaja-borba-ictorii-ot-olecja-buziny.html ( translated title : `` novorossia versus galitchina : a century-old struggle '' ) . 
  published in 2007 . 
   russian government has pissed off russia 's biggest business partners . 
  russian government has pissed off western governments .
