  i 've never seen a bicycle rider wearing a helmet , and even motorcycle guys often ride without any proper gear . 
  wishful thinking is certainly taking some part in russia 's death toll . 
  nope . 
  shit happens no matter how safe are streets or your bike , and head injury is no laughing matter at all . 
  serious question : is poland really that religious , generally speaking ? 
  you probably did n't met russians then . 
  some can actually * talk * with swear words only . 
  in russia is about the same as you described ; well , at least where i live ( tambov region , about 400 km to the sse from moscow ) . 
  may be with exception of pedestrians not caring about red lights ( although that 's a minority ) . 
   persianas [ persian blinds ? 
  ] ( https://www.google.com/search?q=persian+blinds )  they do n't have them and is super annoying !, 
  is this normal across europe ? 
  not having some window cover ( either plastic/wooden blinds or cloth curtains ) is certainly not normal in russia , especially for living places ( vs offices ) . 
  citations needed . 
   where there were so many things wrong care to name a few ? 
   this of course is not true in general but they base this claim on results from picture 2 for which ela really shows roughly same levels despite it hase cars and bushes too . 
  they you this image as control sample . 
  their reasoning is fine . 
  the reasoning is not fine because that 's not how ela works . 
  you ca n't take different images and compare error levels on them , because despite visible similarities , they could 've been processed differently . 
  for instance , [ it was enough to re-save the image in question couple of times to bring error level difference way down ] ( http://fotoforensics.com/analysis.php?id=dd788caf544f39b8a3fb3731fb7c1dbeeb9f0d15.57001 ) . 
  fotoforensics manual clearly states that you should compare different parts of the same image , and we can see that on the original photo those vehicles do n't have different error levels compared to other similar parts of the image ( like trees in the middle ) . 
   you mean evidence like reports of eye witnesses or signiture verification ? 
  hell even most of the forensic evindence relies on authority a trained profesional . 
  actualy i have a difficult time to come single example of such a evidence which relies on logic alone . 
  that 's not exactly what i 've meant , my english is far from being perfect . 
  what i mean is that you should be able to explain your position clearly , not just `` i feel it '' or `` years of my experience confirm it ( but i ca n't elaborate further ) '' . 
  hate to be that guy , but  jovanovichs it 's yanukovich . 
  update : [ here is twitter post ] ( https://twitter.com/hackerfactor/status/605723114857586689 ) of fotoforensics guy , who openly names bellingcat analysis `` faulty '' . 
   if you have no problem understanding ela then why are you asking me about it in the first place ? 
  because you have different opinion about the same facts , obviously . 
   what clouds ? 
  hah , i was talking all the way about different picture , the one in the blog post criticising bellingcat 's research . 
  that one with allegedly shopped clouds , which , according to bellingcat , should have the same error levels with other parts of the picture for some reason ( while having different brightness and detail level ) . 
  anyways , lets take your photo . 
  bellingcat says : `` as shown in our analysis of pictures 3 and 4 , all image content should present roughly the same error levels if the photo has not been altered . '', 
  this completely contradicts fotoforensics manuals , which talk about different error levels in regions with different detail amount and local contrast . 
  according to bellingcat 's logic , not only those two vehicles were shopped in , but also the road and the trees : they too have different error levels . 
   that 's also quite difficult to explain just with words what ca n't be logically explained is worth exactly nothing as evidence . 
   you ca n't possible have such trouble understanding . 
  your mistake is that you assume i have some trouble with understanding ela . 
  i do n't . 
  i 'm not asking for your explanation , i 'm asking you one simple question . 
  `` chechen wedding '' photo or any other photo will have areas that are less or more `` artefacted '' than others . 
  so does `` cloud photo '' . 
  the question is this : on what basis you assume that different error levels in the `` cloud photo '' are sign of manipulation , but different error levels in any other random photo ( `` chechen wedding '' , for instance ) are not such sign ? 
   how awfully convenient that google sattelite imagery shows a clear trend of increasing rainwater through time . 
  you 've got it backwards : bellingcat use that pool to order images chronologically . 
  that 's the point : if we remove this baseless assumption of this object being oil puddle increasing in time , we ca n't order images chronologically . 
   but , back to the oil pool half the size of a truck : what about something like this ? 
  i very much doubt that such pool would be visible from satellite : it is actually almost transparent and is only visible from certain angles thanks to surface interference pattern . 
  yeah , like that . 
  you were saying ? . . 
  you are not answering my question . 
  you said that `` positive means that there is area which is less artefacted than the rest of the image '' . 
  `` chechen wedding '' photo clearly shows such areas . 
  any random photo , for that matter , will show such areas . 
  please explain why less artefacted areas on other photos are n't positive , but are positive on `` cloud photo '' . 
  then you 're contradicting yourself . 
  both `` chechen wedding '' photos show such areas , yet you say that this method ca n't have false positives . 
  what exactly is a `` positive '' in ela ? 
  i mean , yes , when ela shows irregularities on what appears to be smooth surface or at least on parts of the picture that has similar detail amount and local contrast , then it probably was edited ; but that 's not the case . 
  are you aware that ukraine was part of the ussr ? 
  integral part , just as russia ? 
  by your own logic , ukraine has just as much experience in shooting down civilian airliners . 
  [ even more than russia . 
  ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/siberia_airlines_flight_1812 ), 
  ask tima . 
  [ you should educate yourself about what is `` ad hominem '' . 
  actually , i find third point most convincing . 
  oil pool half the truck size , seriously ? 
  and bellingcat just assumed it was oil leaking out of the vehicle and built their reasoning upon that , not even touching other possibilities ( like rainwater ) . 
   ela can have false negative but not false positive . 
  citation needed . 
  1 ) photoshop metadata tag means exactly nothing , as photoshop can be used for different things besides tampering with image , such as resizing . 
  tima ( this blogger ) shows random photo from bellingcat site with same tag ; by bellingcat logic , this photo ( and all others with similar tags ) should be dismissed as fake . 
  2 ) bellingcat state that with the ela analysis tools ( fotoforensics.com ) one can check if the photo was tampered with . 
  tima checks two photos from the imfamous chechen marriage , one original and another with hilariously shopped faces ; apparently , there is no way to tell the difference between those ( both photos have similar patterns of error levels ) . 
  3 ) tima then proceeds to bellingcat 's hypothesis of some liquid that , as they state , spills from the vehicle in the photos . 
  he shows that the vehicle is most probably some kind of truck , and the `` oil pool '' is near its rear part , not engine . 
  he then tell that it 's most probably not oil , but a puddle of rainwater , and hence ca n't be used to order photos chronologically . 
  4 ) he then uses simple `` what for '' check , and tells that there is n't any reason for russian mod to draw clouds above ukrainian army 's positions , and since it 's obvious that the zone of conflict is constantly monitored by military sattelites , there was n't any reason to use outdated images for creating fakes . 
  finally , he points at the fact that while bellingcat group is doing several investigations , there are none that could harm pro-western positions , such as odessa massacre . 
  you know what 's classy ? 
  dismissing critique as `` attacking '' . 
  / r/woahdude is leaking, 
  i think we have the winner here . 
  what do you find hilarious about it ? 
   considering the life expectancy of putin 's critics yeah . 
  considering the * actual * life expectancy of putin 's critics , putin has nothing to do with this one . 
  because , you know , there are plenty of people in russia who openly criticise putin , and they are doing just fine . 
  more so , there is opposition which not only criticises , but is actually doing something , and nobody hunts them last time i checked . 
  navalny , kasyanov , katz - and that 's just off the top of my head ( and i 'm not very interested in politics ) . 
  death ? 
  he is n't dead , or did i miss something ? 
  `` the elder kara-murza said russian doctors believe his son may have ingested a dangerous amount of antidepressants that he may have begun taking after nemtsov 's murder three months ago . '' but no , surely he was poisoned by the evil putler himself . 
  if you think that russia seriously lags behind by those parameters and did n't make any progress since the chaos of the nineties , you 're free to prove your point . 
  threats ? 
  you 're projecting . 
   well , they did n't transfer into a market economy and the eu and have the rapid development that we 've had .
