  ignoring the differences between societies is hardly an evidence for yours . 
  there are hardly any recent researches related to homosexuality in russia , so i ca n't link anything , but before generalising results of research of one society to another society , you should prove that those results can be generalised , that there are no key differences that prevent generalising . 
  and that has nothing to do with some `` russian exceptionalism '' : for the same reasons you ca n't just take and generalise us-based homosexuality-related research on the middle east , or india , or china . 
  not without proving that generalisation in this particular case is correct . 
   you are simply repeating assumptions without addressing the manifold logical and empirical objections i have raised and sourced . 
  and those `` objections '' relate to russian society how , exactly ? 
  or are you going to tell me that all societies are exactly the same , and research results from the us can be applied to russia , where position and view of the homosexuality is radically different ? 
   you do realize that this makes it even illegal to discuss this in a newspaper ? 
  this is a massive restriction of the freedom of expression without the slightest shred of evidence that there are any harmful consequences . 
  say thanks to the people trying to push their ideas through children . 
  this is a defensive reaction of society . 
   there is a difference between the letter of the law and how the law is enforced . 
  then may be pro-lgbt activists should focus their efforts on that , and not on pushing questionable info to children ? 
  maybe create some center for juridical help for the victims of injustice and oppression ? 
  because , you know , that would be a real help - if those issues were significant in russia , of course . 
   here is an idea : why not support families with children more ? 
  more investments into playschools , primary and secondary schools , and recreational activities for children . 
  and of course more support and better training and counseling programs for parents . 
  all of this is already being done , and this has nothing to do with people choosing childless `` gay way '' . 
  those issues are orthogonal , unrelated . 
   people do n't stay childless , because they suddenly feel `` gay '' . 
  they often stay childless , because they fear that children are a poverty risk ( which they often are due to a lack of support ) and that children will kill their careers ( which can happen , because companies are often not very child friendly ) . 
  again , those issues are orthogonal . 
  stable hetero couple can choose to stay childless , it 's their choice . 
  but if some bi chooses to follow their `` gay '' side , being childless is n't a choice ( and no , adopting a child is not equal to giving birth to one ) . 
  those are small percentages , but such factors have the tendency to add up . 
   true , we do n't know the long-term consequences yet . 
  we do n't know the long-term consequences of all the things we have n't tried yet . 
  that does n't mean we should never try something new . 
  yes . 
  that means that we should be careful . 
  and if some issue is affecting an entire society , we should be * real * careful . 
  i mean , what is wrong with russia not wanting to jump lgbt equality bandwagon ? 
   if we followed your logic , we would have never allowed the internet . 
  i mean , no one knew the possible long-term consequences of that . 
  never allowed , maybe not . 
  but having the internet proliferate without control already has at least one possibly negative outcome : we soon will be having to deal with the entire generation of people with seriously reduced attention span . 
  would you like to trust your life to a surgeon who ca n't live without checking facebook like each other minute ? 
   so in other words : no children are at risk , and the sooner lgbt parents are recognized , the better for everyone , including the children themselves . 
  social changes do n't come this quick . 
  imagine lgbt marriage and parents recognized in russia next week , what good can come out from that ? 
  those families and their children will be bullied to hell and back . 
   how exactly do you propose that societies change and progress if it is forbidden to talk about anything that goes against the current mainstream opinion ? 
  but it is * not * forbidden !, 
  all that is forbidden is promoting certain ideas to children . 
  go ahead and promote lgbt ideas to adults , that 's 100 % legal as long as you make sure that no child can access it . 
   this is just about not being discriminated against , harassed , hurt , or even killed simply for being how you were born . 
  all those things you 've listed are already illegal in russia . 
   in the end it comes down to this : no . 
  in the end , it comes down to two things . 
  first , 100 % homosexuals are rare . 
  most are bisexual to some extent . 
  meaning that in the society where a homosexual relationship is promoted as being completely equal to heterosexual one ( which is a lie ) , some people will choose biologically unproductive relationship . 
  second , while in the history of mankind there were all kinds of societies with different views on homosexuality ( some tolerated it , some even considered it natural , etc. 
  ) , i do n't think there were any societies which equalised homo - and heterosexual relationships to the point that there is possible not only to have homosexual family , but also raise kids in said family . 
  do you know possible long-term consequences of that ? 
  no , you do n't . 
  you ca n't , yet . 
   the idea of equality and tolerance is perfectly suitable for children . 
  yes , if it is promoted from within the society . 
  russian society is not ready for the idea of lgbt equality , it is struggling with mere tolerance . 
  trying to push foreign ideas through children is a cheap move , it 's just plain wrong . 
   to reiterate : there is not a shred of scientific evidence that you can `` make '' people homosexual . 
  also , there is growing evidence of genetic factors governing sexuality . 
   https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/biology_and_sexual_orientation#sexual_orientation_and_evolution this evolutionary perspective is important because it further supports the idea of genetically determined sexuality . 
  it also demonstrates that homosexuality is not a threat to a population . 
  in fact , it might well be an advantage . 
  all of this has nothing to do with equality and tolerance . 
  you 're mixing up biology and social acceptance . 
   using `` propaganda '' to describe a civil rights movement civil rights movement ? 
  they are pushing their ideas to * kids * , for fucks sake !, 
  this is pretty much a definition of unethical . 
  [ propaganda : information , ideas , or rumors deliberately spread widely to help or harm a person , group , movement , institution , nation , etc. 
  ] ( http://dictionary.reference.com/browse/propaganda?s=t ), 
   why ban something that is noneexistent [ except it is existent . 
  ] ( http://tguy.ru/news/29/985.html ), 
  what . 
  you 're delusional . 
  this gay thing is n't even a topic , it 's non-existent in the russian media , how the hell it can be used `` to overcome social tensions '' ? 
  no , russians do n't hate gays ( most of us , at least ) , it is just considered unnatural , some kinky thing that is not to be showed to public . 
   his sentence is some public service . . what the ... how is this even possible ? 
  dude , do you even context ? 
    the fact that russia as an independent entity did n't even exist back then  is such a fucking bullshit . 
   c'mon , the soviet union was n't even led by a russian at the time . 
   yes , stalin was such a georgian nationalist that he proceeded to russify minorities in the soviet union . 
  ( implying that stalin was somehow pro-russian , in support of claim that the statement `` russia was n't independent back then '' is false ), 
  about 60 % of men and 20 % of women in russia smoke . 
  so yes , quite fashionable . 
  government tries to control it ( ads are forbidden , cigarettes must not be on the display in the stores , there are fines for smoking in public places ) , but i do n't think that it is going to change any time soon . 
  does n't makes it any better . 
  russians were just as oppressed as any other ethnicity in the ussr , they did not have any say , no more than ukrainians or khazakhs or whoever , so no , equating ussr with russia is just plain wrong . 
  he only used russian language and culture for his need because it was utterly unrealistic to `` georgify '' the entire ussr . 
  statistically , russians were the most oppressed ethnicity : the majority of gulag inmates and stripped of their possessions and relocated `` kulak '' farmers were russian . 
  :p do n't take it srsly , i was just joking . 
  i do n't want to harass you , i 'm asking for source on the quoted statement . 
  both links do not have enough information to support your accusations . 
   ** russian activists ordered stickers of swastikas , went to supermarkets and stuck them on products from baltic countries . 
  ** do you have trouble with reading comprehension ? 
   russian activists ordered stickers of swastikas , went to supermarkets and stuck them on products from baltic countries . 
  aaaand we 're reading source any second now , right ?
