  sure , about 40 % of food is imported , but that 's 40 % in * monetary value * , if i 'm not mistaken . 
  how much of it are some elite sorts of cheese , for example ? 
  or something even fancier ? 
  facebook is not banned in russia , nor are myspace or g + . 
  actually , i do n't know about any major site/service that is banned in russia . 
  `` however , if it is modernized ... it could affect our nuclear capability and in that case a political decision may be made to deploy iskander systems in the kaliningrad region , '' he said in an interview with rt television . 
  yep , after uk and france rejected anti-german propositions . 
   if russia launched most of their arsenal exactly . 
  the anti-missile shield ca n't protect from the first strike from russia . 
  on the other hand , it can protect from retaliation if significant part of russian launch sites and infrastructure are destroyed by nato first strike . 
   also , i do n't quite get how for example poland being in nato is a threat to russia . 
  it may have something to do with an anti-missile shield that is totally not aimed at russia ( despite surrounding it ) and undermining mad ( russia not being able to answer to nuclear strike is helluva strong argument in geopolitics ) . 
   not only that , but they initiated wwii by helping germany invade poland and divide it between themselves . 
  by this logic , all the europe initiated wwii . 
   then they turned right around and slaughtered and imprisoned thousands of bulgarians . 
  may be it has something to do with bulgaria joining the war on the wrong side ? 
   in many ways the soviets were just as bad as the nazis i guess it would be better for us to just push nazis out of ussr borders and let them slaughter all ` untermensch ' . 
  this way the difference would be better remembered . 
  russia lost more soldiers than probably all other anti-nazi countries combined . 
  so no , i think we can still ask to respect our fallen . 
  the title should be ` pictures from st.petersburg supermarket ' . 
  finland is close to peter , there probably were lots of imported products that ca n't be substituted immediately . 
  the only imported ` food ' in supermarkets in my city is booze , and it is n't sanctioned . 
   i am saying stalin was a fucking monster on his own . 
  but we are not discussing stalin at the moment . 
  do n't change the topic . 
  ( and strictly as a side note : yes , ` genocide of ukraine ' was fake . 
  i will not delve into this topic , but there are two ` inconvenient ' facts that are not mentioned by those who use this tragedy as a means to black smear russia : first , russians died in millions too because of that famine , not only ukrainians ; second , hundreds of thousands tons of food and grain were send as a help to starving regions by ` monster ' stalin . 
  read [ ` the years of hunger ' ] ( http://www.amazon.com/the-years-hunger-agriculture-industrialisation/dp/0333311078 ) if interested . ), 
  you should come over to / r/russia . 
  if you show no bias and hate , none would be shown to you . 
  although there are unfriendly ` guests ' due to that ukrainian situation , i think it would n't be a problem regarding neutral topics . 
   all the trucks should have been completely filled or not sent . 
  kamaz truck can carry 11 tons max ( weight limit ) / 36,5 cubic meters ( volume limit ) . 
  take sugar , for example . 
  it has density of 0,7 kg/m ^ 3 . 
  hence , 11 tons of sugar take only 7,7 cubic meters . 
  most food has similar density . 
  so , unless you 're transporting something lightweight , trucks simply * can not be * filled to top volume due to weight limit . 
  besides that , it 's really not a good idea to send truck filled to its weight limit over non-existing roads in countryside or over rubble after artillery strikes . 
  it 's seventh-grade physics and math , not rocket science . 
   you ate proving my point with fake photo claims . 
  how , exactly ? 
   if a journalist lies in the west they lose their reputation . 
  let 's travel a little back in time , to jul 2013 . 
  no ukraine , no crimea , no putin is literally hitler , no nothing . 
  nyt publishes [ this article ] ( http://www.nytimes.com/2013/07/22/opinion/russias-anti-gay-crackdown.html?_r=0 ) that says : `` the law could mean that any olympic athlete , trainer , reporter , family member or fan who is gay -- or suspected of being gay , or just accused of being gay -- can go to jail . '' which is blatant lie , and it 's obvious to anyone who actually reads the law in question . 
  did that mr. fierstain lost any reputation ? 
  did nyt published an article that corrects him ? 
  i 'm not even talking about apologies , but just an article that discusses actual law in question and not mr. fierstain 's fantasies ? 
  n-o-p-e . 
  apparently honesty is n't a job requirement in nyt as well . 
   you are referencing something from ten years ago . 
  http://defendinghistory.com/category/neo-nazi-and-pro-fascist-marches educate yourself . 
   soviets committed genocide just like germans did . 
  one evil does not justifies another . 
  this is not even touching that soviets did not committed * genocide * . 
   how do you want eastern europe to treat soviet invaders ? 
  but we are not talking about soviet invaders . 
  we are talking about ( some ) estonians collaborating with nazi , gladly serving not just in army but in freaking ss squads - and feeling * nothing wrong * with it even today . 
  germans , the guys who started all this , feel wrong . 
  but not estonians . 
  ( i do hope that not all estonians are like that . 
  but some are . ), 
  russification , albeit mandatory , was a means to establishing state that connects multiple nations . 
  soviet union did n't erased culture of annexed states . 
  local languages where not forbidden , they were taught in schools . 
  local culture was sponsored so it would n't be crushed by massive russian culture . 
  on the other hand , nazis did tried to erase not just culture but * nations themselves * . 
  do n't you see some difference here ? 
   and when pictures are provided , they are fake . 
  but they were not provided . 
   russia has been shooting artillery into ukraine with visual proof visual proof provided by the same agency that provided visual proof of wmd in iraq ? 
   the journalists saw it with their own eyes . 
  are you calling them liars ? 
  why not ? 
  western journalists lie and twist truth about russia quite often , most recent occasion being that ` almost empty convoy ' . 
  somehow rt journalists managed to capture trucks filled with stuff , but their western colleagues only showed almost empty trucks , suggesting that all trucks are filled like that . 
   prove estonia celebrate ss heroes . 
   cough estonia cough . 
  estonia what ? 
  they have their own neo-nazi movement all right , complete with ` ss heroes ' and parades . 
  the issue with ` not-citizens ' is not helping the case too . 
   the guardian article said they saw military crosses the border themselves . 
  you should 've linked [ a correct article ] ( http://www.theguardian.com/world/2014/aug/14/russian-military-vehicles-enter-ukraine-aid-convoy-stops-short-border ) then . 
  it is interesting how they provide absolute zero visual evidence . 
  do they lack funds to buy modern photocameras that are able to shoot in ` the gloom ' without compromising flashes ? 
  must be the case . 
   russia refers to everyone as fascists and nazi and calls the ukrainian government fascist bullshit . 
  take any report from russian media , only svoboda and right sector guys are called neo-nazis ( because , well , that 's what they are ) . 
  pro-russian separatists , on the other hand , tend to call all the armed forces that oppose them ` nazi ' or ` fascist ' - but that 's * their * opinion and * their * words . 
  and what exactly this guardian article tells you ? 
  local-made sorts tend to be good . 
  i mean , relatively small breweries that work for their oblast or even city . 
  i live in tambov oblast , morshanks brewery makes nice cheap beer ( may be a little too simple in taste , but i like it ) . 
  from more , ah , widespread sorts i like nevskoye , especially nevskoye zhivoye ( unfiltered ) . 
   and yes the crossing was documented . 
  source ? 
  i have n't seen anything about that . 
  only ` vehicles moving in ukraine 's direction ' and such .
