  you 're talking with me , not with them , so do n't make assumptions that go too far . 
   deputies are breaking the law all the time , by voting for other for example . 
  voting for other deputies is n't exactly against the law , at least in russia . 
  and even if it were , that 's whataboutism at its finest : if something unlawful happens in country x , it does n't makes it okay to do something unlawful in country y. 
   also it is not for russia to decide , what is legitimate and not . 
  yes , it 's for ukrainian law . 
  last time i checked , following law was n't optional there . 
  at least officially . 
   and if company is gone ... you can capture it , since it is not legitimate company without legit ceo ( your logic ) . 
  do n't put words in my mouth . 
  just do n't . 
  my point is , ukraine 's government was changed , first and foremost , by a violent mob , not by elections , as / r/iukpun tries to present . 
  no amount of playing around how yanuk was bad is going to change it . 
   the impeachment law was poorly executed , but it was executed by legitimate parliament so when legitimate parliament does n't follow the law , it 's still legitimate somehow ? 
  interesting . 
   mob of couple thousand hundred people , yeah i very much doubt that mob that occupied government buildings that day was this big . 
  anyways , even large mob is n't democracy : remember 1917 ? 
   he fled the country , while his nurtured personal guards berkut slaughtered people except that not what actually happened . 
  he fled the country after the violence ceased and the agreement was signed between him and leaders of opposition . 
  it is very interesting that your memory serves you this bad . 
  or maybe you 're trying to rewrite history just after couple of years it happened ? 
  how exactly this changes the fact that he was not ousted by democratic elections , but was overthrown by a mob ? 
  so yanukovich was moved out of office by elections now , not by far-right violent mob which stormed government buildings the day after yanuk signed the agreement with the opposition ? 
  thanks . 
   russia has derailed more than once peace between armenia and azerbaijan source ? 
  credible sources like articles in the guardian ? 
  no thank you . 
  seriously , if you know what are you talking about - that is , if you actually read credible historical books on the subject - please name them . 
  if you do n't , then just shut up . 
  pointing in the general direction of the ~ ~ dumpster ~ ~ wikipedia page is not enough . 
  source ? 
   there are hundreds of incidents in 3 years in only one county in romania ( thefts , beatings , rapes , etc ) made by the local population . 
  those incidents are still present in the romanian archives . 
  i do n't think i understand how that 's relevant , please clarify . 
   anyway , no matter how much evidence we will post how about posting * any * evidence ? 
  oh wait , there is none . 
  no , of course there are eyewitnesses , documents , etc. 
  about rapes per se - but nobody is denying that there were rapes . 
  hell , thousands of them , according to soviet documents ( specifically , lists of people who were executed or sent to gulag for such crimes ) . 
  but there are no evidence presented in any credible historical research that would confirm the claim about * millions * of rapes . 
  i am not discussing if it 's fine or not . 
  i 'm saying that the statement `` soviet union helped nazi germany to defeat poland '' is factually wrong . 
  there are none there . 
  just links to articles which cite another articles which cites some books which in turn ... do you know what eyewitness means ? 
  links , please . 
  beevor do n't cite anybody concrete , as my memory serves . 
  that 's pretty convenient explanation . 
  there is another , though : it just did n't happen . 
  considering that all those `` researchers '' who talk about 2 million rapes do not provide any evidence to the claim , which explanation is more likely : that there was an absolutely massive conspiration , or that there was n't such thing in the first place ? 
  this myth is originated from anthony beevor 's `` research '' . 
  is n't it interesting that there were no any talks about mass rapes committed by the soviet soldiers for * decades * after the war ? 
  sure , there were rapes . 
  thousands of them , too . 
  but millions ? 
  that 's just ridiculous . 
  what part of the word `` irrelevant '' is hard to understand ? 
  soviet army murdered millions of civilians ? 
  mass rapes ? 
  i 'm sorry , but you 're high on goebbels propaganda . 
  the reason to enter there was to take back the territories poland took 20 years ago , and to move the point of inevitable fight with germans further from important cities . 
  nevertheless , this is irrelevant to the fact that soviets did not helped nazis to defeat poland in any way . 
  i know people nature well enough not to trust when they tell that they `` saw it themselves '' . 
  so executing about 10000 of pows is now perfectly comparable to murdering millions of civilians . 
  good to know . 
   i 've heard from many old people who saw that with their own eyes - stealing of everything that 's not nailed into the floor , behaving like animals and so on of course you did . 
  of course , people never exaggerate things they saw to impress the listeners , often unconsciously , let alone inventing something or taking hearsay and retelling it as something they experienced firsthand . 
  you see , this kind of behavior you described is bad for an army . 
  it makes a gang out of it . 
  you can tell hearsay all you want , but when soviets met with allied forces in germany , they were army , not a gang . 
  do n't move the goalposts . 
  fact is that the ussr did n't helped nazis to defeat poland in any way . 
  sorry , i do n't think i understand you . 
  even if this is true ( which i find hard to believe because soviets were operating on territories inhabited by belarussians and ukrainians ) , anecdotal evidence is of no use here . 
  says who ? 
   poland is definitely comparable . 
  say what again ? 
  soviets did n't kill like 1/3 of poland population . 
  in case you did n't knew , that 's what germans did to belarus . 
  you ca n't seriously compare that to the initial claim that soviet army was `` killing , raping and pillaging every innocent they saw '' . 
  name one country that suffered from soviets what , for example , belarus suffered from germans . 
  proven him right ? 
  how , exactly ? 
  that 's a very far from `` killing , raping and pillaging every innocent they saw in their way to germany '' , and from what germans themselves did to civilians . 
  * whoosh * russians being `` barbaric '' and `` raping and pillaging anything in sight '' was goebbels invention , if you did n't know . 
  i do n't think i have anything to say to you . 
  helped ? 
  when ussr entered poland , it was almost defeated already . 
   they did to us the same thing as germans , and even much worse . 
  you ca n't be serious . 
  legacy of goebbels is alive and well , it seems . 
   `` russia strong , glorious putin and so on '' you ca n't seriously expect this from bloomberg . 
  `` grad '' means `` city '' in russian . 
  well , kinda ( proper word in modern russian would be `` gorod '' ) . 
  something-grad basically means `` city of something '' or `` city in the name of something '' ( like stalingrad or , in this case , kaliningrad , named after [ this guy ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/mikhail_kalinin ) ) . 
  - they are nationalist - but why ? 
  - they simply are oookay . 
   liberating russian minorities ... in georgia i 'm pretty sure you have absolutely no idea what are you talking about . 
  hint : there are no russian minorities in south ossetia and abkhazia . 
  how exactly united russia is `` nationalist '' ? 
  movement between russia and belarus is completely unrestricted , afaik .
