  world war ii praised by russians ? 
  are you okay in the head ? 
   how about you stop apologizing soviet actions but who is apologizing soviet crimes ? 
   start persecuting the ones who committed the atrocities who , stalin and his cronies ? 
  they are dead . 
  how about not blaming any nation at all ? 
  because soviets were not about ethnicity , and in absolute numbers , russians suffered the most . 
   because i do not see this glorification of the su from any other state . 
  refusing to paint our soviet history solid black is n't `` glorification '' . 
   what are we supposed to do ? 
  blame the joos ? 
  how about * not * blaming one nation only , for starters ? 
   because every single time the soviet union is criticised , you get excuses of '' they built factories and sent man into space '' this is not an excuse . 
  this is a reminder that soviet union history was n't solid black . 
  far from it , actually . 
   russians are insane with their every single smallest attempt to outright ignore or excuse any single bad thing the su did . 
  or maybe , just maybe it has something to do with the whole business on shifting the blame on russians and russians alone ? 
   standing in line for bread and toilet paper sausages is not worth for sending a man into space . 
  on a side note , those two things did n't happen simultaneously ; they are n't even related . 
  standing in lines ( big time , anyways ) happened significantly later , when ussr 's economy started to crumble . 
  maybe try some history books next time ? 
   source : i have eyes . 
  there is a difference between being a citizen of russia and being ethnic russian . 
   yeah , the consequences are so bad . 
  you have some troubles with reading comprehension ? 
  we could care less about your little happy `` sovereign countries '' . 
  in the citation above there were listed some serious consequences of ussr dissolution that affected russia itself , that 's what matters . 
  your point being ? . . 
  this is very different from `` the greatest tragedy in the 20th century '' . 
  if you put this quote in the context as you should , it becomes clear that he considers it bad not because something good was destroyed , but because of the consequences : `` tens of millions of our co-citizens and compatriots found themselves outside russian territory . 
  moreover , the epidemic of disintegration infected russia itself . 
  [ ... ] many institutions were disbanded or reformed carelessly . 
  [ ... ] oligarchic groups -- possessing absolute control over information channels -- served exclusively their own corporate interests . 
  mass poverty began to be seen as the norm . 
  and all this was happening against the backdrop of a dramatic economic downturn , unstable finances , and the paralysis of the social sphere . '', 
   putin has straight up said the dissolution of the ussr was the greatest tragedy in the 20th centruy except he did n't . 
  those two statements are n't contradictory . 
  first statement is about [ not ] choosing to remember only bad . 
  second is about [ not ] blaming russians for what soviets did . 
  ( for starters , many people at the top there were n't in fact russian . ), 
  you 're correct , there were much more russian victims of the soviet regime . 
  at least on the absolute scale . 
  that 's , like , your opinion . 
  i find them far easier to use than modern versioons of ms office . 
  they also perform much smoother on older pcs ( have fun using ms office 2016 with 2gb ram and 1.8 ghz celeron ) . 
   here 's a core statement of lies they recite : ussr population stats were real . 
  and they shown population increase across areas struct by famine . 
  this puts amount of life loss under question . 
  except this is not what he says . 
  he says that the claim about 5 mil . 
  victims in kazakhstan is not supported by the ussr population stats . 
   this was a deliberate ethnic cleansing . 
  as far as i know , there are exactly zero historical facts and materials that could prove any `` targeting '' or `` planning by government '' . 
  no research made after soviet archives were opened for free access makes this claim , and r. conquest , who previously made it , took it back . 
  a fan of stalin ? 
  my granddad 's brother was shot as a `` polish spy '' , only sheer luck saved my granddad from the same fate . 
  i 'm * everything * but a fan . 
  this does n't means though that i approve alternative history . 
  nobody in the videos you 've linked is denying holodomor the famine . 
  they are talking about the idea of holodomor as a deliberate genocide of ukrainians . 
  and yes , this idea is not supported by historical facts and documents . 
  as for statistics , he does n't even speak about ukraine , he talks about kazakhstan and obviously exaggerated number of 5 mil . 
  victimes there - most actual historians agree in the ballpark of 1 mil . 
  yep , mostly from nigeria if i 'm not mistaken . 
  they study [ here ] ( http://www.mgau.ru ) . 
   tldr : oun immigrants in us under reagan invented holodomor for book smearing russia in 1980th . 
  main argumentation : no population loss in official statistics . 
  no one died !, 
  except this is not what he says . 
  like , not at all . 
  why do you lie ? 
  dude . 
  do you even think ? 
  those numbers are like 1/3 of the entire population of the ussr at the time . 
  [ educate yourself . 
  ] ( http://www.nybooks.com/articles/2011/03/10/hitler-vs-stalin-who-killed-more/ ), 
   those pictures are pure machismo overcompensation of a closeted homosexual . 
  those pictures are perfectly normal in russia . 
  i mean , as a russian i see exactly nothing homo about shirtless men in an outdoor setting . 
  must be a cultural thing . 
  well , there are quite a few black students in our local university . 
  as far as i know , they have exactly zero problems . 
  ( i live in a rather small city , so any news travel fast and wide . ), 
  it 's not like security theaters are any different in other parts of the world . 
   why do yall want the majority russians living in crimea to be a part of a country they did n't even consider themselves a part of ? 
  they do n't care about people living there at all . 
  actions of the ukrainian government demonstrated that quite clearly . 
  the only thing they want is more territory . 
  according to some ukrainians , we * are * the golden horde . 
  you are really a unique specimen . 
  ca n't say though that i want to continue to converse with you . 
  whatever you have , it could be contagious . 
  you are not going to do that for one simple reason : you ca n't . 
  it has version in a relevant language . 
  english , namely . 
  on an unrelated note , it must be really hard to be as dim as you . 
  so first you say `` there were numerious cases bla bla bla '' , and then you demonstrate * four * such cases - for a country of 140 million people !, 
  that 's not `` semantics '' , that 's outright lie . 
  you tried to present it as something common , and it 's not at all . 
  if you want to save time , how about just refrain from lying in the internet ?
