   russia needs to construct an ethnic conflict `` on january 5 , 2009 , the harju county court found not guilty ( according to postimees , under principle of in dubio pro reo , according to lichr , `` concluding that the evidence proved only one fact -- that mass riots did take place in the downtown tallinn on april 26 -- 28 , 2007 '' ) four men accused of organization of riots during bronze night riots '' this `` ethnic conflict '' you 've linked was constructed by estonian government and estonian government alone . 
   russia 's invasions generally resulted in territorial annexation please explain how alleged ` territorial annexation ' with 0 ( zero ) dead civilians , iirc two dead soldiers and generally happy population is worse that what usa had done to middle eastern countries . 
  they were just waiting for appropriate specialists to arrive . 
  you forgot one thing . 
  amnesty was promised to those who ` did n't commit any serious crimes ' , without strictly defining ` serious crime ' . 
  guess who gets to decide what is serious enough . 
  ` you should drop your weapons and get the hell out of here . ', 
  that 's the basic idea of this 15-step plan . 
  how 's that not unconditional surrender ? 
  ca n't the plane come apart during descent from high altitude , depending on where the missile ( s ) hit it ? 
   oh yes , it 's you asserting that ukraine did not attempt to stop violence . 
  it 's me telling that , literally , ` ukrainians soldiers ignored it too ' . 
  there are tons of reports on fights between soldiers and rebels during the ceasefire , use google . 
   100 pound missile cant bring down a plane thats almost 1 million pounds [ it can . 
  ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/korean_air_lines_flight_007 ), 
  thing is , if you state something , burden of proof is on you . 
  one does n't contradicts another . 
  are you my new fan ? 
  that 15-step plan of him . 
  it was basically ` put your weapon down and get the hell out of there ' . 
  no proof then . 
   the missile needs to be powerful enough destroy the entire tail/cockpit , or blow of a wing . 
  why ? 
  r-60 has a rod warhead that can slice through the aircraft . 
  i doubt that 747s are build to withstand this amount of damage at such a high height , there is almost none external air pressure there . 
   like the guy below me said , 60-80 kg warhead and your source is ... ? 
  proof ? 
  where did you found whataboutism ? 
  there are reports that ukrainian soldiers [ ignored it too . 
  ] ( http://www.theaustralian.com.au/video/id-rtdznmbjqydq5letiwx66119bpl4yho-/ukraine-ceasefire-fails-to-stop-fighting?nk=d15bc8892e5e23b88412d1c2f4154070 ) military jets should n't fly in a ceasefire . 
  thing is , ukrainian soldiers ignored it too . 
  you mean , like that time when poroshenko offered unconditional surrender ? 
  please enlighten me , what amount of payload is needed to shred a 747 to pieces at 10000 m ? 
  it is interesting how all such articles demand putin to stop supporting the rebels , but none yet demanded poroshenko to stop the violence and start talking . 
   russian media would have you think there is some sort of genocide taking place actually , that 's not the case . 
  general spin in russian media is that ukrainian military is firing indiscriminately in general direction of separatist forces , caring little about collateral damage , destroying civilian buildings and killing many civilians in the process . 
  i 've yet to see anything that contradicts that ( and mind me , russian media is the last source of information i 'd go to ) . 
   there are no destroyed buildings so there is nothing to show . 
  i feel sorry for you . 
   a '' \u0437\u0430\u043f\u0430\u0434\u0435\u043d\u0446\u044b '' on twitter speaks with the full authority of ukrainian government no , it is countexample for  ukrainians simply have more respect for their citizens . 
  also , it is amusing how it suddenly stops being ` fairy tale ' . 
   how would it look like ? 
  what would you expect , walk me through it , step by step . 
  it 's simple , actually . 
  show destroyed civilian building , show dead armed separatists in it , show how they made a firing point in that civilian building , show where they fired from that point . 
  show anything that confirms that this civilian building was not destroyed just because something separatist-looking was spotted in this general direction . 
  as for now , ukrainian government shows us air conditioners blown up by separatists , if you know what i mean . 
   what , you want them to photograph a lack of corpses or a lack of destruction ? 
  i want them to show that at least one civilian building was not destroyed meaninglessly . 
   i am saying that you show no signs of knowing how to differentiate good reporting from bad reporting . 
  i 'm assuming then that you do know that . 
  please enlighten me . 
   another fairy tale you learned from russian state tv or obscure propaganda blogs ? 
  no , that ` fairy tale ' i saw myself in social media ... oh wait , i get it now : they were not \u0437\u0430\u043f\u0430\u0434\u0435\u043d\u0446\u044b , they were in fact undercover fsb agents !, 
  am i doing it right ? 
   how are they supposed to go on a photo trip in a territory occupied by enemy ? 
  how about territories that are occupied by ukrainian military ? 
   an fsb-employed lifenews '' '' `` reporter '' '' '' talking to camera is good `` reporting '' for you because he has access to a site so those civilians that complain to vice reporters about ukrainian military shelling them without any reason were also fsb-employed ? 
  or may be entire vice team including ostrovsky are fsb-employed ? 
   ukrainians simply have more respect for their citizens . 
  i very well remember this ` respect ' when \u0437\u0430\u043f\u0430\u0434\u0435\u043d\u0446\u044b cheered about ` dumb coloradoes ' who ` burned themselves ' in odessa . 
  butthurt much ? 
   because you say so ? 
  were you there ? 
  on a recon mission , spotting targets and air controlling ? 
  because it was reported so . 
  very well , this report may be fake . 
  but how comes that there are no reports that shows that attacks on civilian targets were somehow justified ? 
  reports that shows , for example , a corpse of separatist fighter near the bodies of civilians killed in civilian building  i should n't treat seriously anything you have to say from now on . 
  so you 're out of arguments then . 
  but you will discard them anyways because only russian media does report it . 
  why bother ? 
  thank you , that 's interesting . 
  it seems though that 's outskirts of the city , there are only two civilian buildings visible including the church ( if it is the church ) . 
  but still that is not an answer to my question . 
   because you say so ? 
  no , because how the fuck it can be unpurposeful ? 
  there were no separatist forces in it 's vicinity . 
   how about you ask ato spokesmen about this ? 
  there are dozens of reports that say civilian targets were attacked without any reason . 
  there are literally zero reports that highlight armed separatists killed during attack on civilian targets . 
  how comes ? 
   and yet russians still went on to commit crimes against humanity on the civilian population . 
  suppose we did . 
  how does it relate to the current situation ? 
  it seems you 're a little bit drunk on an anti-russian propaganda . 
   i 'd say that russians with pro-putin views are the least helpful putin 's view on ukrainian situation is that any violence and military action must be stopped immediately . 
  he voiced it several times already . 
  how 's that not helpful ? 
  at least the one that shot that airliner will not get a medal for it , if you know what i mean . 
   it is not ato 's policy to kill civilians or damage their property . 
  because you say so ? 
  that attack on oil refinery does n't look like unpurposeful at all . 
  i must repeat my question . 
  if you say that those civilian victims are just collateral damage , is there one example of attack on civilian building that was justified by armed separatists hiding there ? 
   it was the policy of russians to terrorize the civilian population of chechnya . 
  actually , it was the policy of chechens to terrorize the civilian population of russia , which was proven by multiple acts of terror . 
  it was also policy of chechen fighters to hide near civilians , using them as a shield , which was also proven . 
   purposefully bombed civilian targets . 
  they do n't .
