however , it is just a reality that if you draw cartoons of mohammed , that then there is a larger likelihood that you get killed by some isis-affiliated scumbag . 
  which is why it 's important to bring these issues to the forefront and not forget what type of people we 're letting into our countries . 
  a drawing that offends someone personally and directly is mean . 
  but getting pissed off because someone made a drawing of your idol is straight up wrong and dumb . 
  especially if some centuries old book dictates that you should n't depict said idol . 
  oh yeah you 're free to live by your little book . 
  but i do n't have to . 
  and learning how to deal with satire is a part of becoming a member of the ` free world ' . 
  for as long as we 're able to call it that . 
  what you 're basically saying is that all is lost at this point and we might as well accept that islam has taken over western europe . 
  the fact that it offends mudslims is the reason it must happen . 
  it 's like a test of how well they 're integrated into our society . 
  my guess will be like yours in that there might be a violent response . 
  but if that 's what it takes to shift the political mindset of our weak leadership then i guess it has to happen . 
  i ca n't wait for the mainstream media to stop victimizing these immigrants and start reporting cold hard facts . 
  well i expect it to happen especially in countries were traditional values concerning man and women hold strong . 
  islamic countries . 
  first of all . 
  you 're going of statistics of immigrants that register themselves . 
  whereas here it is n't the case . 
  and to assume they 're not isis by your faulty logic is the worst way of dealing with these migrants . . 
  i 'm really freaking glad you 're not running interpol . 
  imagine if they went with what you said . 
  oh they 're coming here ? 
  ohh pssshht . 
  no worries . 
  no need to monitor them at all . 
  because the eu and its countries are being ruled by spineless idiots . 
  and the bureaucracy is so cramped up it ca n't catch up to the flow of migrants so everybody just let them do whatever they want . 
  75 % are male . 
  whereas you would expect most of them to be women and children . 
  right ? 
  when a country is in war the men are left to fight and the women and children flee away . 
  this is quite worrisome indeed . 
  they dont care though . 
  free food . 
  free tv . 
  it just doesnt make sense anymore . 
  and you can expect an influx of rape cases, 
  my stance was pretty mild on the issue until i read about it more and more . 
  learned the facts . 
  and stopped paying attention to mainstream news media who continuously makes them out to be poor refugees on the run for war . 
  whereas they 're basically economic migrants at this point . 
  75 % are male . 
  there is a high possibility some of them are isis supporters . 
  and money is spent on these welfare seekers whilst other more important problems like poor elderly care for instance are being forgotten and ignored . 
  was n't there also an influx of rape along with the high immigration rate in sweden ? 
  i read that somewhere as well . 
  if sweden was a person i 'd slap the shit of that tree hugging white guilt ridden fool, 
  is this really true haha ? 
  what the fuck is wrong with ya sweden ?? 
  ease off the white guilt ffs . 
  this is too much though . 
  i would move to the us in a heartbeat if my taxes were spent on that . 
  :o how dare you ? 
  you racist !!, 
  dont you know we native western folk are to never criticize refugees ?? 
  they are so sad and poor . 
  you must give up a room in your house and 50 % of your income !, 
  how else is he suppose to get a mercedes and pay his iphone bills ?? 
  they need a place where its native people are even more self hating basically, 
  amen to that . 
  we need someone to stand up and say enough is enough . 
  someone who can play and please both political fields, 
  do you have a source on those isis fighters who were recognized via facebook ? 
  id like to link it to some other peeps, 
   as that 's their entire arugment i watched this video as not a comparison of religions . 
  i could n't care less about any of that . 
  it is showcasing the issues of islam , a backwards traditional violent religion , being able to operate up to extremist measures in a society that claims to be forward thinking and open minded . 
  i know i saw it too . 
  i also saw a woman being berated for simply speaking her mind against a religion . 
  i 'm not defending any religion here being agnostic myself i 'm just saying . 
  you have to kinda look past the comparison it sets out to make . 
  wow you 're looking at this all the wrong way . 
  of course the bible is full of violence too . 
  it was written when violence was everyday stuff . 
  however christians do n't go on crusades anymore whereas muslims continue to go on jihads frequently . 
  you might say islam missed out on its own age of enlightenment . 
  that 's why there are so little to no denominations within islam . 
  you have to look past the comparison and notice the issues that it is showing when it comes to islam being able to flourish in an open minded and advanced society . 
  that 's the main issue here amigo . 
  i think the video was trying to showcase the problem with islam in europe and not make a comparison of which religion is better, 
   while i do n't doubt the mona walters ' story that 's the only thing that matters . 
  her converting to christianity is convenient for this robertson guy but does n't make the problems she described in western european society as not there . 
  i see it too . 
  the political slant is quite minimal . 
  like i said it should n't be a comparison of religions like pat makes it out to be . 
  but more or less an underlying issue i.e. 
  islam that shushes criticism by shouting ` phobic ' or ` racist ' . 
  it 's almost like an evil regime brainwashing its people operating with immunity in an open minded and advanced civilization . 
  as well as taking advantage of the freedom its been given . 
  it 's fucked up . 
  and i hope you can at least look past the biased maker of the video and see what is really the problem here . 
  wow she seems like a very brave person taking on an agressive and backwards group such as islam . 
  it says a lot about islam when one is considered brave for only criticizing it in the open . 
  its a sad state of affairs in europe now . 
  tolerance is fine but youre basically expected to be tolerant of intolerance . 
  its absolute nonsense . 
  i dont have high hopes for the future as were only digging ourselves deeper into this hole of selfdestruction . 
  the recent frequency of terrorist attacks is a sign of worser things to come,
