unfortunately , looks like it . 
  whenever i 've talked with americans about ireland , they all seem super fond of our culture . 
  i mean , to an extent they moreso like the stereotype . 
  but i would n't say it 's something to look at negatively at all . 
  completely the opposite . 
  tbh though , i probably would n't get super angry at irish car bombs . 
  it 's insensitive , but i 'd imagine most americans do n't understand the connotation behind it . 
   also , i thought there already was a 9/11 themed drink in ireland to give to americans if they ask for an irish car bomb . 
  couple tall shot glasses set on fire right ? 
  i 've heard that joke once or twice on reddit , but it does n't exist anywhere in ireland . 
  because it 'd be viewed as a dickhead thing to serve , most likely . 
  you think denmark and romania are very different ? 
  seriously . 
  travel outside of europe . 
  i 'm not sure why you think the presence of a jury impacts on the perception of internment ** without trial ** . 
  habeas corpus is already covered by article 5 of the echr , alongside a number of other procedural protections relating to unlawful detention . 
  that goes far beyond simply the right to a trial . 
  blackstone wept . 
  northern ireland is a lot more likely to kick up a fuss than scotland . 
  we had people being interned without trial for years on end just a few decades ago . 
  not to mention emerging information regarding uk army collusion with loyalist paramillitary forces during the troubles . 
  [ the complete opposite is true ] ( http://www.irishtimes.com/news/crime-and-law/courts/high-court/man-with-alleged-isis-links-loses-challenge-to-deportation-1.2698556 ) . 
  he tried to argue that the echr protected him from deportation . 
  his argument was shot down by the high court . 
  you did n't know it because it 's bullshit . 
  he appealed his deportation on the grounds of article 3 of the echr . 
  he lost his appeal . 
  [ source ] ( http://www.irishtimes.com/news/crime-and-law/courts/high-court/man-with-alleged-isis-links-loses-challenge-to-deportation-1.2698556 ) . 
  he 's not far off the mark . 
  the revenue and apple effectively negotiated their tax rate in reference to the company engaging in transfer pricing . 
  that should n't happen . 
  it should be assessed by the oecd standards , or similar , as is standard practice . 
  which is n't a bad thing , considering joe public has fuck all idea as to what is in ttip . 
  it 's all about the lowest common denominator thinking they understand regulatory harmonization through reading the guardian . 
  to be fair , if i put my hood up during the rain and grow out a beard , i can look like an entirely different person too . 
  the irish press is pretty bad . 
  but the absolute nonsense that comes out of the uk and us makes me wonder . 
  i think only the ft is somewhat readable nowadays . 
   vis a vis republicanism or unionism . 
  that was me searching for 30 seconds on google to find a similar attack . 
  if you 'd like trends - the [ met police noted an 18 % rise in knife crime in 2015 ] ( https://www.theguardian.com/uk-news/2015/sep/20/metropolitan-police-say-knife-up-18-in-london ) . 
  whilst they do n't narrow down the statistics by weapon used anymore , they also note that there have been 230,932 acts of violence against the person since june 2015 . 
  random assaults and stabbings are honestly far more common than you 'd think . 
  it 's anecdotal , but i have the pleasure of seeing more than a few of the alleged attackers in court . 
  this is nothing new . 
  the police concluded that there was n't a connection to terrorism , however . 
  [ happened two months back ] ( http://www.bbc.com/news/uk-england-london-36343415 ) . 
  two months back there were four women randomly stabbed in the car-park of a sainsburys [ in hampton ] ( http://www.bbc.com/news/uk-england-london-36343415 ) . 
  no connection to terrorism . 
  random attacks might not be a day-to-day thing , but they 're far from rare . 
  hell , even on / r/london you hear stories about random attacks . 
  random stabbings ? 
  yep . 
  knife crime is an issue in london . 
  it has been for several years . 
  killing one person and injuring five others who attempted to intervene is n't at all unusual - unfortunately . 
  russell square and immediate surrounding areas are relatively nice , but they still had 48 violent / sexual incidents in may 2016 according to the uk police 's crime map . 
  bloomsbury is still in the inner city , and the inner city of any major city has these problems ( although they do usually stick to poorer areas ) . 
  that 's actually a fairly normal thing to have happen in london . 
   i 'm not trying to make any point vis a vis republicanism or unionism . 
  do you normally struggle to read beyond the first seven words of a sentence ? 
  completely agree . 
  there was also eta , the raf et al. 
  statistically , the best way to deal with terrorism for the uk would be to kick out northern ireland . 
  edit : if it is n't clear - i 'm not trying to make any point vis a vis republicanism or unionism . 
  chances are you 're not the one paying for them mate , unless you 're a company based in london or a massively high earner . 
  mate , you can simultaneously support the broad ideas that the ira fought for , without justifying their actions . 
  it does n't need to be absolute one way or the other . 
  things were n't black and white in ni . 
  they still are n't , and likely never will be . 
  writing the troubles off one way or the other makes you no better than paisley . 
  aye , reckon you do n't want the two most educated countries in the uk ruining your fun . 
  is winning massively destroying your economy now ? 
  if so , looks like ireland won a few years back . 
  sweet . 
  moreso that - should we have one , and ni and roi vote to reunify - that there 'll be a 32 county republic . 
  there is n't an explicit requirement to hold referendums . 
  rather surprising they could n't find one . 
  learning legal irish is mandatory to become a solicitor in ireland , and i think to become a barrister as well . 
  could fence that , talbot street , and the quays off and make a walking dead themepark tbh . 
  that 's a difficulty in enforcement that comes with anti-discrimination rules in the workplace of any kind , in fairness . 
  visit - portstewart in derry . 
  avoid - inner city dublin . 
  it would n't change my view - i think it 's a bad thing that they 're exploiting that loophole . 
  it 's an issue with uk domestic law though , not eu law . 
  workers are n't being properly classified . 
  i think we probably have a lot of the same views , to be honest . 
  i was originally opposed to the eu on similar grounds that you are now . 
  i then studied it for about four years , and realized that it 's national governments who are undermining labour law , not the union . 
  nope . 
  but me working for them would n't somehow change that ? 
   it 's optional when you can sidestep it in the uk extremely easily , you can be classed as self employed for example mitigating this leglisation . 
  so it 's not optional . 
  it 's a loophole being abused by a small minority of workplaces . 
   article 106 prevents public monopolies ( from leftfutures.org ) monopolies and renationalization are two different topics . 
  nationalization is unlikely to breach article 106 if implemented correctly . 
  for proof of this , look at the sncf in france . 
  working time directive is n't optional . 
  an employee can opt out of the 48 hour working week if they choose to , but they ca n't be discriminated against for it . 
  and every other part of the directive applies .
