  it 'll put it into context : a classic example of an illiberal democracy is the republic of singapore . 
  [ 10 ] conversely , liberal autocracies are regimes with no elections and that are ruled autocratically but have some liberties . 
  here , a good example is the special administrative region of hong kong . 
  both hong kong and singapore are ethnic chinese majority city-states and former british colonies . 
  however , their political evolution has taken different paths , with hong kong residents enjoying the liberal freedoms of the united kingdom , but , as a colony , without the power to choose its leaders . 
  [ 11 ] this state of affairs was inherited by the people 's republic of china when it resumed control of the territory in 1997 . 
  in contrast , singapore acquired full independence , first from britain and then from malaysia in the 1960s . 
  at that time , it was structured as a relatively liberal democracy , albeit with some internal security laws that allowed for detention without trial . 
  over time , as singapore 's ruling people 's action party government consolidated power in the 1960s and 1970s , it enacted a number of laws and policies that curtailed constitutional freedoms ( such as the right to assemble or form associations , bearing in mind that there were race and religious riots at these times ) , and extended its influence over the media , unions , ngos and academia . 
  consequently , although technically free and fair multi-party elections are regularly conducted , the political realities in singapore ( including fear and self-censorship ) make participation in opposition politics extremely difficult , leaving the dominant ruling party as the only credible option at the polls . 
  [ 12 ] in russia , the disturbing rate at which journalists have been murdered shows the limits of its freedom of speech . 
  13 russian journalists died between 2000 and 2003 . 
  also , the major television networks are owned by the government and openly support it or parties that support the government during elections . 
  [ 13 ] [ 14 ] as you can see they really do n't give a shit about public perception . 
  and have implemented complete lax laws financial laws . 
  majority of europe 's really shady financial activity is also moving down there . 
  if singapore ever had a financial crisis , it would be a holy shit event ... 
  wrote my macroeconomics thesis on argentinian bankruptcies and let me tell you : latin america can not into finance . 
  poor merkel , probably wishing she had retired a little bit earlier . 
  nothing would actually happen but there would be a souring of relationships behind close doors . 
  the real world works differently . 
  because the german public is realistic and realise that you do n't say no to the us government . 
  the potential consequences can be bad . 
  they 're pissed because the us somewhat forced the spying on them . 
  sanctions or something like a gibraltar situation . 
  cecede the eastern provinces , quickly get into nato , allow/encourage citizens from eastern ukraine to move within the new borders , hit with aggresive sanctions post nato entry and lift them only when russia gives crimea and eastern ukraine back . 
  i do n't see any other solution ... 
  i would argue that firing squads or capital punishment for corruption would be the only thing that works there . 
  every transaction of goods or services requires a bribe . 
  it 's engrained into the national psyche ... 
  i have family in kiev who would be considered ukraine 's elite and are very pro european and hate corruption . 
  but they are the ones driving around amg mercedes ' and living in enormous mansions . 
  none of them pay taxes , and then they pretend as if they 're not part of the problem . 
  some are government officials , so all their expensive cars and homes are written on their brother , father or mother , just in case there are future audits . 
  the parliament wanted to pass a national audit provision on politicians and that shit still has n't been voted on . 
  this was right after yanukovych was deposed . 
  i mean my grandmother changed her birth certificate so that she could retire 2 years earlier and get an additional ww ii pension ... everyone is corrupt . 
  having been born in germany and studied in canada , the level of corruption is just ghastly . 
  you 're not just part of the problem you * are * the problem . 
  fear of death is the final educational method available , because being nice does n't seem to work and it 's something westerners dont understand . 
  `` oh my god that 's so barbaric and inhumane '' i agree but sometimes you have no choice . 
  look at romania , it used to be ukraine 's laughing stock . 
  now they 're in the eu prospering after they got rid of all their elites . 
  they 're gon na die soon it 's okay . 
  slight correction , ukrainian vigilantes not the armed forces of ukraine ... 
  lol the ukrainians that would leave would be getting cash paying jobs , it 's not like their gon na hire economists and lawyers . 
  bohemia ??? 
  those guys never get brought up negatively or i 'm just historically ignorant , probably the latter . 
   that applies to most people . 
  i 'd take a gap year too if it did n't bankrupt me and damage my career . 
  ... in north america , damn euro socialists . 
  agreed . 
  i hate big houses , excessive consumption , yachts and consumerism . 
  i think suvs are immoral and i think over consuming finite resources is immoral . 
  imagine the amount of ac + heat you have to waste for a 10000 sq. 
  ft. house ... are these people thinking about anyone but themselves ? 
  i grew up in germany in an apartment and it was just fine , i did n't need more than that . 
  i hate ego drive overconsumption , absolutely despise it . 
  just because you can have something , it does n't automatically entitle you to it . 
  for example private jets , what in the fuck ? 
  is a first class seat on a commercial flight not enough for you ? 
  instead you have to emit a whole plane 's worth of emissions for you and 6-10 other people ?!, 
  that shit drives me literally insane . 
  people are starving , declaring bankruptcy , ca n't send their kids to hockey and you 're worried about the new iphone ? 
  smh . 
  with our generation classism will become the new racism . 
  i actually think it 's because canadians and american do n't really know true hardship ... 
  zero dictators , very wealthy , no world wars ... people are very comfortable and do n't really care about what happens politically because `` everyone '' has a big house , car and society is relatively stable . 
  this causes political apathy . 
  why change something if we 're comfortable ? 
  the problem is that the minorities and lower income classes get the short end of the stick because the middle and upper classes are living so well . 
  1/3 families ca n't afford after school music or sports programs in canada . 
  yet we wonder why we have such a massive obesity and gang problems . 
  it 's because a single immigrant mom/dad ca n't afford to send her son/daughter to learn piano , play hockey , take swimming lessons . 
  lastly , i have written about the lack of social cohesion before and i believe it will be the biggest social obstacle in the years to come . 
  just look at quebec and how much more politically involved they are vs more immigrant centric provinces such as ontario . 
   ... qc is politically involved because they have the same culture , same background , speak the same language , have the same history etc. 
  they are in this together ... quebecois first everything else second . 
  it 's us against the government . 
  the canadian push for multiculturalism is just a political tool to keep the masses divided . 
   this lack of uniform population has more drawbacks as well . 
  as an economics student , one of our faculty members worked with piketty ( author of * capital in the 21st century * ) on income inequality . 
  one of the reasons that income inequality is so high in north america is because of the lack of social cohesion . 
  people do n't want to pay higher taxes because it will benefit people that they have nothing in common with . 
  at least that was part of the reason . 
  do n't get me wrong i 'm in no way advocating for racial purity or anything of that sort , i just think we need to integrate our immigrants better . 
  for a lack of a better word , we need to `` brainwash '' immigrant kids in school , so that the next generations are united . 
  unity is the only way we can hold our government accountable . 
   multiculturalism is totally awesome , but i feel the americans do it way better than we do . 
  american first , everything else second . 
  i ca n't stand it when people say that they 're polish-canadian , portuguese-canadian , indian-canadian etc. 
  the `` ethnic country first - canadian second '' narrative has to stop . 
  the population is divided , by culture , heritage , history , religion etc and it is the reason why we ca n't do anything grand politically . 
  i have indian friends who are still beefing with pakistanis ... or ukrainians with russians ... leave that shit in your old country . 
  you 're canadian first , if not then please gather your belongings and back home you go ; since you do n't consider yourself canadian to begin with . 
  north america is very slow and backwards . 
  absolutely zero , communism destroyed russia . 
  totally agree my grandmother said the same thing . 
  the germans were really nice she said . 
  they treated her like a normal human being .
