what 's the start up culture like in romania ? 
  which are sitting in a warehouse because commanding officers are too scarred the troops will break or steal them . 
  out of the three their unit/brigade received , all three are sitting idle . 
  source : a family friend and ato soldier . 
  there is no preference or choice . 
  from an ethical standpoint , there is only one moral choice . 
  it 's not even debatable . 
  putin has nothing gain from a destabilized turkey , he would only lose . 
  do n't compare ukraine and the baltics, 
  omg stop with the wmd argument , the cia directly told the wh , cheney and bush that they will be lying if they use the wmd argument to invade ... they did n't care . 
  both of you are preaching to the choir !, 
  can i get an amen ? 
  i despise trump , but on nato i agree . 
  it 's time france , germany , italy etc. 
  start to spend their 2 % gdp . 
  why must the american taxpayer subsidize european defense , sure it 's in america 's interest and article 5 means war regardless of spending ... but trump 's firm nudge has already led germany to increase its military spending . 
  he could 've said it in a more diplomatic fashion , but i 'm glad he said it . 
  following the blunt comment , he should 've softened his rhetoric and affirmed his support for nato and article v , while maintaining his original position that our nato allies need to spend 2 % of their gdp on national defense . 
  according to gogol , that 's probably right . 
  there were talks that the qatari pipeline could link up in turkey to the tanap . 
  sorta ... at its most pertinent its about azarbaijan , but qatar would help as well . 
  it 's not about values , google southern gas corridor . 
  the west has to realpolitik and keep them close . 
  edit : and i suggest we do so . 
  the germans are still dealing with the ptsd brought on by hyperinflation during the 1920s . 
  `` do n't get any ideas mutti , we 're still keeping strasbourg '' - macron probably, 
  fiscally speaking , one goldman sachs employee is probably worth 20-30 people with regular jobs . 
  yea , you go ahead and risk it with the preeminent military power in europe . 
  umm that would be considered as an act of war by any major power . 
  just an fyi ...  the estimated amount of total taxes paid by the financial services sector in the year to 31 march 2012 is # 63bn , 11.6 % of the total uk government tax receipts . 
  source : https://www.cityoflondon.gov.uk/business/economic-research-and-information/research-publications/documents/research-2012/total_tax_contribution_onlineversion_pdf.pdf uk gon na recede into a recession . 
  in any major ukrainian city you can speak both . 
  you 'll get weird looks for speaking russian in lviv , but people will respond in russian if quarried in russian . 
  edit : people have to get out of this east ( russian ) and west ( ukrainian ) mentality . 
  ukraine is bilingual in  80 % of the country ... 
  i pulled that number out of nowhere but that 's an estimate . 
  russian kellyanne conway is so intimidating / s, 
  reuters : http://www.reuters.com/article/2014/11/07/us-ukraine-crisis-military-iduskbn0ir11020141107, 
  `` the role of oil and natural gas in discourses on russia 's development to 2020 '' jack . 
  d. sharples , university of glasgow , uk introduction oil and gas currently play a crucial role in russia 's political and economic development . 
  the energy sector currently accounts for approximately two-thirds of russia 's exports , around 30 percent of russia 's gdp , and almost half of the federal budget revenues ( gromov , 2011 ) . 
  i was wrong , thank you for correcting me , 
   because natural resources are a big part of russia 's gdp around 50 %, 
  it 's not even a billion . 
  my mom was a refugee after the wall came down and without you i would n't be alive . 
  i was born premature and if that happened in ukraine i would 've died . 
  so thank you for saving my life . 
  it 's really gentle and creamy but not overbearingly so , while also being spicy enough for it to remain interesting . 
  edit : would probably pair it with a really soft ( low tanin content ) red wine . 
  bleeding them like a pig before slaughter . 
  jesche polska ne zginewa ( it 's phonetic i know ), 
  well at least you understood me phonetically , did n't conjugate the chcialem properly . 
  and i knew the double n thing :( have an uncle that lives in wroclaw . 
  i really like your jfk-esque approacj to foreign policy , but these guys ( isis/isil ) are an actual threat to the west and our way of life . 
  admittedly your government 's decisions were the precursor to this situation . 
  i do n't believe that this situation will be solved by bombs because of blowback . 
  in fact i think turkey is going to have a few things to say to us after we arm the kurds . 
  if you 're taking the position that isis supporters should n't be deported or expunged from the west , then you 're arguing the position of the muslim minority . 
  majority of them have integrated into our way of lifestyle and want these guys to leave as much as any other westerner . 
  their children go to the same schools as us , take the same subway/train/airplane as us and go to get takeout at the same places as us . 
  they do n't want to see their family blown up in a subway bombing as much as anyone else . 
  i have been using us and them in my response , but the integrated muslims are a part of us . 
  they are good , moral people and i consider them europeans , canadians , americans etc. 
  if they follow the laws and virtues that we uphold in the west . 
  i do n't want to criticize you at all , just trying to help improve your english   they want to play war , does n't they they want to play war , * do n't * they . 
  i do n't , you do n't , he/she does n't , we do n't , they do n't  this is what people do on war , they die . 
  * in * war not on war . 
  and i could n't agree more with your point . 
  i do n't know how to spell po polsku , just speak somewhat . 
  when people want to kill you and erase your way of life , you can see how hatred is synthesized . 
  looks like it 's time to protect the russian minorities from the fascist homosexuals that have been brainwashed by the western media . 
  at 1 atm and room temp methane is odorless . 
  we just add butylthiol for it to smell funky so that we know gas is leaking . 
  i think this guy was just being funny , sarcastic and alluding to the wide held belief that americans are all ignorant . 
  i was in chernivtsi this past june - august and it 's just unbelievable to see real war unfold on the tv ... 
  it 's something i 've never experienced . 
  even with afghanistan and iraq it seemed so distant . 
  it was happening on the other side of the globe . 
  but when it 's in the same country it feels completely authentic and really scary . 
  call your mom now and just chat with her for no reason . 
  she 'll appreciate it . 
  ^ as an economics student , he 's spot on . 
  my mom works for an airline , so i fly quite often . 
  we once hit an air pocket over the atlantic and the plane abruptly dropped 100-200 ft. everything in the cabin was a mess ... 
  please wear your seats people . 
  i ca n't wait until they need 1st world medical treatment . 
  they have prosciutto but it 's made in the us . 
  it does n't have the pdo parma prosciutto and if it does , the price is sky high . 
  admittedly the us is way cheaper than canada . 
  heinz tastes like vinegar with a tablespoon of tomato juice . 
  curry ketchup from aldi . 
  also haribo gummy bears . 
  we have the ones that are made in america and they are complete garbage when you compare them with the european ones . 
  they are so waxy and stick to your teeth like cheap candy . 
  i mean i can get the eur haribo from the polish deli but at $ 5 they are too expensive . 
  more generally i miss the good food : french cheese , german beer , prosciutto , etc. 
  all the things people in north america think are luxury foods . 
  that stuff is ridiculously expensive in canada , especially when you compare it with aldi prices in germany . 
  a kilo of french cheese is around $ 80 - $ 100 here . 
  i also miss people who know their history and geography .
