  she recalled that before war the germans would shave , iron/press their clothes , put nivea on their face and go out smelling of expensive cologne . 
  they would also give her pantyhose and chocolate and even shared their more expensive consumables with her . 
  but when the russians got there they would take their uniforms , lay them on the floor and then roll an empty bottle on top of it to kill the flees . 
  she said it crackled like crazy because of the sheer number of fleas . 
  they would drink heavily and just fucked up her house all the time . 
  my grandma was a really really clean and organized women . 
  i think she hated the russians more than hitler . 
  she almost talked about them as if they were savages . 
  my grandma was originally from vilnius and was blonde and blue eyed , so i 'm sure that probably helped her relationship with the germans . 
  that 's the problem . 
  europe is in a monetary union of fiscally independent states . 
  it 's a recipe for failure because it 's unnatural . 
  you 'll always have to `` force '' it to work via ecb intervention without a fully committed fiscal union . 
  maybe in 50 years when the eastern/southern states catch up in terms of living standards , we 'll have a fully united europe . 
  that has it 's own slew of problems , loss of culture/national independence etc. 
  as an economist can confirm . 
  from a game theory perspective , corruption is not worth the risk . 
   ho , icelandic , let 's eat cheese together . 
  and some decomposing fish organs ... or whatever they 're up to these days . 
  the 80s were only 30 years ago , that 's not that long ago . 
  when shit hits the fan , you want nobody but the us to have your back . 
  and it 's france ... who does n't want to retire in rustic france ? 
  german 's are selfish tbh . 
  as a us taxpayer , thank you for keeping europe safe . 
  we 'll get our spending up soon so that you do n't have to cover europe 's inadequacies . 
   every country has investor programmes . 
  i do n't think berlin allows this . 
  let me guess voting for the * front national * ? 
  well that escalated quickly . 
  this problem is much more than nato and has historical roots but undermining stability is one way they are going to achiever their goals ... 
  i would highly recommend watching this lecture at brown university about this current conflict ... is there anyway for the mods to sticky this or something ... 
  it 's a lecture by a prestigious academic . 
  there 's really no propaganda here . 
  let 's also remember that the czechs used to have a significant amount of influence in europe . 
  they are a cultured people with a history for free-thinking and free-thought . 
  communism destroyed that country and set it back at least 40 years . 
  but no cheburek . 
  i hope the volk of germany take the regierung to the cleaners . 
  if some of you defence budget/tax money goes to congress i 'm sure there would be no problem . 
  because half of your population does n't believe in science and those people vote and are a big reason why a big portion of your country is anti environment . 
  well there is a bright side , economics is beginning to put a value on what a clean environment is worth in terms of health to the population , massively destructive weather events , ecoindustries , clean water , fish stocks etc. 
  we 're ( i 'm an economist ) also realizing that consistent growth is not possible in the really long run . 
  the north americans have a different mentality . 
  canadians and americans feel that because they can afford a big house they are entitled to it . 
  they 're not . 
  just because you can afford an 6 mpg amg suv does n't mean you get to have one . 
  it 's morally wrong . 
  20 min hot showers are morally wrong . 
  a/c-ing and heating your 10000 sq/ft house is wrong , even if you 're a millionaire . 
  resources are finite you plebs , and you 're not that important . 
  in terms of consumerism they are very arrogant . 
  excess and financially justified entitlement are in the genes of any north american . 
  i worked hard therefore i deserve this . 
  their view is short sighted and self obsessed . 
  they do n't think about the generation ahead . 
  i had a best friend come visit me from koeln and he summed it up perfectly : `` sparen und umweltschutz sind fremdw\u00f6rter in kanada '' i could n't agree more with him . 
  it 's shocking , but it 's slowly changing . 
  canada is no where near the eu , but they 're / we 're ( multiple citizenships ) trying . 
   `` i want to take care of the environment to the extent it is economically efficient to do so . '', 
  this is what i mean . 
  they would get heart palpitations if the government decided to raise funds by raising taxes to subsidize green electricity , green production of goods , reusables etc. 
  so what if it 's not profitable ? 
  we 're on the same bloody planet and your great great great great grandchildren will be breathing the same air as a homeless man . 
  it does n't matter . 
  money should not be a constraint when we 're talking about the planet . 
  money is n't a constraint for the us arms industry , their projects always go over budget ... 
  but the environment , better off banging your head against a wall . 
  they just do n't get it . 
  listen lol , half of their population believes in angels , thinks that the world is coming to an end in their lifetimes and believe the planet is 4000 years old . 
  do n't mistake america for what you see in nyc , la , sanfran , or the west/eastern seaboards . 
  inner america is an intellectual wasteland and many believe science is magic . 
  stats for your terrified enjoyment : a late 2009 online harris poll of 2,303 u.s. adults ( 18 and older ) [ 73 ] found that `` 82 % of adult americans believe in god '' , the same number as in two earlier polls in 2005 and 2007 . 
  another 9 % said they did not believe in god , and 9 % said that they were not sure . 
  it further concluded , `` large majorities also believe in miracles ( 76 % ) , heaven ( 75 % ) , that jesus is god or the son of god ( 73 % ) , in angels ( 72 % ) , the survival of the soul after death ( 71 % ) , and in the resurrection of jesus ( 70 % ) . 
  less than half ( 45 % ) of adults believe in darwin 's theory of evolution but this is more than the 40 % who believe in creationism ... 
  many people consider themselves christians without necessarily believing in some of the key beliefs of christianity . 
  however , this is not true of born-again christians . 
  in addition to their religious beliefs , large minorities of adults , including many christians , have `` pagan '' or pre-christian beliefs such as a belief in ghosts , astrology , witches and reincarnation ... ** objective disclaimer : because the sample is based on those who agreed to participate in the harris interactive panel , no estimates of theoretical sampling error can be calculated . 
  '' ** edit : spelling . 
  i hope so , i hope so . 
  i dislike all organized religion , it 's a psychiatric virus . 
  50 years ago ? 
  are you serious ? 
  this is an absurd claim . 
  it took mainland europe 800 years of moderation for the catholic church to be a non actor in the political arena . 
  they still hold a lot of influence , but not in the legislative process . 
  louis xiv of france ( 1643 -- 1715 ) was a very strong proponent of the divine right of kings idea . 
  that was only 300 years ago . 
  when the islamic world catches up to our values we can admit them , but in the in present it is absolutely preposterous to equate moderate islam to moderate christianity . 
  we can not continue to perpetuate this false equivalency . 
  first generation immigrants get shafted here like no tomorrow . 
  false , north america has higher levels of birth rates and it is way more difficult to raise children here . 
  it 's is way more expensive and the government does not give a shit about you . 
  you already have so many social programs and no results . 
  average house price in toronto is around $ 900,000 . 
  other metropolitan areas in canada are not that far behind . 
  the mentality needs to change first . 
  it does n't matter what social programs you have if people do n't want to have kids . 
  if someone paid me to eat haggis or gave me free haggis , i would n't eat it regardless of the subsidy because i do n't want to eat haggis to begin with . 
  spot on conclusion .
