  i miss the people the most . 
  i 'm so nostalgic , north americans are just different and it 's so hard to properly assimilate . 
  edit : people caring about their outward appearance and making an effort to not look like slobs . 
  also people give a shit about how they 're governed and actively participate in the political process . 
  oh and the freedom to drive as fast as you want . 
  people here work like mental as well and spend their whole live paying of a mortgage instead of actually spending that money on things like the theatre and vacations . 
  that 's what we said to you in september 1939 . 
  i bet that felt nice . 
  europeans definitely have their shit together , especially the germans . 
  after living in germany , i can safely say that canadian labour laws are a joke . 
  i ca n't even imagine how bad it must be in the us . 
  translation : hungary and poland are brothers by the sword and the glass ( vodka/alcohol ), 
  kinda has the same feel as , `` i did not have sexual relations with that woman '', 
  for all the talk harper ( canadian pm ) does , i would really like harper to buy those ships because our navy is laughable . 
  it might not be useful atm , but nato ca n't just keep forcing the us to foot the bill for everything . 
  completely lock them out of financial markets and do n't give them access to international credit . 
  maybe even dump rubles and devalue the currency , but that could have grave consequences depending on russia 's holdings . 
  however if they were to retaliate and dump us/eur currency they would be in a very weak position especially if they need those foreign reserves in the future which may be the case . 
  currency wars can destroy whole economies in a matter of days . 
  then sanction the high tech industry ie . 
  medical industry , pharmaceuticals , computers , telecom equipment etc. 
  stop buying oil and gas and close off borders to all russian citizens . 
  put unmarked eu/nato troops along the ukraine and russia border . 
  russia is useless economically , majority of their economy is supported by gas and oil . 
  western curtain until he backs off ukraine . 
  i 'd love to see putin deal with china as his only customer . 
  this is much more a cultural problem imo . 
  i may be wrong as well . 
  and i can understand them why does the majority , which is french speaking , have to pay for education in a non majority spoken language ? 
  except musk has a degree in physics and then got accepted to do a phd at stanford ... steve jobs was just an idea man , musk actually understands the technological challenge that faces him . 
  steve jobs only envisioned the ipad , he had no idea how to make it work ... musk on the other hand understands the science and technology behind all his endeavours . 
  that 's what i always hated about steve jobs , he had no idea how to actually build apple products . 
  he just yelled at his smart workers to do it . . and jobs always tried to fuck you over all the time . 
  musk on the other hand will install solar panels on your house for free and will only take a small percentage of the energy produced on your property and sells it . 
  quick !, 
  bring out the potatoes and vodka, 
   and before * fiat money and central banking * , conventional wars between great powers were constant . 
  ftfy . 
  wars were fought because wealth could be accumulated via gold . 
  now it does n't really mean much . 
  my history of the region is pretty horrible considering i was born in germany and brought up in canada . . but from what i know austo-hungary , romania , poland ( got people from lviv/lwow/lemberg ) ussr and now ukraine ... and i want my romanian or polish citizenship god damn it ... soviets took it away and i really want to move back to the eu i will even have a masters degree and will contribute to the economy :( please take me away from north america, 
  i hope you know how cash advance works ... 
  well not if he goes directly to say poland : usd to zloty and not usd to eur to zloty, 
  oohhh european ethnic tension here we go, 
  as someone who 's family is from cernowitz/chernivtsi we were waaaaaay better off under the habsburgs, 
  transfer all your currency into us or euros and then go to the mainstream banks of the country and exchange the cash in the bank . 
  also in canada if you need exotic currencies ( ie not euro , swiss franks , yen , pounds , usd ) you can order it from your canadian bank in canada and pick in up before your trip . 
  salary is n't everything , especially in the eu . 
  plus there are a lot if programmers in asia looking for a better life . 
  i know that silicon valley attracts the best , but having second and third best programmers is n't that much of a step down . 
  not sure if estonians are open to immigration : / do n't know what the political/social landscape is like ... 
  i can speak for canada here and why we ranked so high . 
  due the point system in the immigration process , the majority of immigrants have a university degree . 
  of course those degrees are n't recognized here , so you have doctors and professors working laborious jobs because they 're degree is worthless ... 
  they do n't tell you that before you immigrate . 
  african nations are going to be loyal to the chinese in this coming century . 
  i do n't think it 's that big of a deal , they are talking about excepting only 20k . 
  til, 
  they 're both ruled by religious fundamentalists ? 
  this is absolutely ridiculous , it 's such a limitation on open discourse and freedom of thought . 
  are some of the posts here racist , yes . 
  but those racist posts will be ridiculed in open discourse regardless . 
  they should be evaluated in public and argued . 
  forbidding something like this serves no purpose to broader society . 
  we just start to lose touch with what people are thinking in our countries , this includes the racist crazies . 
  i rather have / r/europe agree and disagree in the comment section . 
  this subreddit is probably used mostly by young people and is a pretty good indicator of how the next european voting demographic is feeling at the moment . 
  right wing parties are on the rise in europe primarily to fears due to illegal immigrants . 
  those fears are n't unwarranted , clashing cultures and religion do not mix well . 
  some people do not want to integrate . 
  some integrate really well but that 's why we have immigration systems . 
  something europe is actually lacking . 
  eventually maybe in 30 years or so eu will have policy that mandates eu countries to have at least high skilled immigration from poorer countries . 
  that way they have something strive in their own nations and have a chance of immigrating legally . 
  it 's one good thing about canada , our immigration system is quite thought out . 
  the oceans and isolation helps but the point system thing is a really good idea . 
  europe should definitely try it . 
  banning opinions is not good , one of the americans ought to first amendment this opinion . 
  just morally not a good idea mods . 
  same way jews = / = israelis . 
   i 'm gon na go for masters in switzerland st. gallen by any chance ? 
  / r/ukip is leaking, 
  from what my grandparents have told me of old chernivtsi and now , they definetly cry but we do n't live there anymore . 
  ukraine has been used and abused since the 11th century by the vikings , austrians , hordes , polish and the russian empire . 
  ukraine was never b independent state , now it 's going to have to go through some pretty sever growing pains . 
  part of my family are from chernivtsi , bukovina and were , i guess you could say , part of the local intelligentsia . 
  they still cry that the habsburgs left . 
  more like hundreds of thousands , if not millions . 
  lithuania is west and always has been . 
  fuck the ussr . 
  they ruined poland , the baltics , czechoslovakia , yugoslavia , romania etc. 
  poland-lithuania used to be a great power and so was bohemia before the wars . 
  soviet communism ruins everything it touches . 
  i have n't laughed this hard in a really long time . 
  anybody know if the hit to gdp was equally distributed or was it more specific ? 
  this guys right , a lot of fx trading has moved over to singapore . 
  it 's a lot more relaxed . 
  i mean the singaporeans are running an autocratic regime , it 's not a democracy . 
  here 's what i mean - if you care to read . 
  it 's not really important , but it 's interesting .
