  you 're solution is raising taxes on the rich and smart/creative government policy . 
  subsidize mothers * and * fathers so that they can raise a family, 
  propaganda and xenophobia . 
  it 's crude and people do n't want to say it , but it 's the only thing that will work . 
  as immigration increases , you 're culture will change , it 's an indisputable fact . 
  if you want poland to remain `` polish '' , then you have to make babies . 
  it 's not rocket science . 
  xenophobia will also increase government spending to support the bigger families if the people force their politicians . 
  the citizens will have to unite and the rich will have to be willing to pay higher taxes if they want cultural homogeneity . 
  i 'm not saying one is better or worse , it 's up to the citizens to decide if they want to be an immigrant nation or not . 
  immigration or encouraging birth rates . 
  the thing that scares me the most is this map , http://www.indexmundi.com/map/?v=25 highest birth rates are in muslim nations . 
  that is very very problematic because you wo n't even be able to draw western minded immigrants . 
  `` in developed countries sub-replacement fertility is any rate below approximately 2.1 children born per woman , but the threshold can be as high as 3.4 in some developing countries because of higher mortality rates . '', 
  source : http://link.springer.com/article/10.1023/b:popu.0000020882.29684.8e immigration and non-homogeneity is in your future europe . 
  jesus , this shit is everywhere . 
  inequality has become a global issue , to a lesser degree in the eu , but in the anglosphere it 's a serious problem . 
  the neo-conservative reaganomics narrative has been an utter and complete failure . 
  it needs to change . 
  thank you . 
  europeans need to stop being so scarred of all immigration . 
  i get it , africa and middle east screw that . 
  but the russian intelligentsia ? 
  europeans are selfish . 
  they do n't want to have kids , birth rates are ridiculously low . 
  if you want to continue maintaining your culture and homogeneity than start popping out babies . 
  you will have no one to pay for your pensions if you do n't increase your immigration or birth rates . 
  at the end of the day , your labour pool is dwindling . 
  let 's not kid ourselves . 
  i just thought this was a good way to kill 2 birds with one stone . 
  i could n't care less . 
  your government had to expand its consulate in lwow because of the amount of applications they started to receive for polish citizenship and the polska card . 
  and nobody cares about history , nobody in lwow believes that poland is going to come and take back their land -_- . 
  ukrainians just want freedom of movement and not to be looked at as criminals at every border they cross . 
  `` where 's your visa ? '', 
  makes people cringe . 
  except half of lviv has polish citizenship , half of uzhhorod have hungarian passports , and many have romanian citizenship in chernivtsi . 
  ftp : / / host-209-183-10-27 . static.dsl.primus.ca / cpsa-acsp/papers -2010 / katchanovski.pdf here 's the whole paper by a harvard professor . 
  please do n't cite online newspapers , with zero academic sources . 
  there 's a plethora of academic papers written about bandera . 
  i recommend you do a google scholar search . 
  i 'm not lecturing you , i 'm trying to educate you so that you do n't embarrass your people on an international website . 
  you are a representative of the people of ukraine , directly and indirectly . 
  people who do n't come into contact with ukrainians will read your comment and extrapolate . 
  it 's an automatic reaction . 
  bandera was a murderer . 
  full stop . 
  you ca n't refute my claims , so please do n't misinform the people of / r/europe . 
  i 'm sure you 're more informed than the european parliament . 
  you 're down voting me because the facts do n't fit your narrative , keep trying . 
  this is fair , and it was the closest parallel i could draw at the time . 
  it was my mistake for making that comparison . 
  my native language is actually german . 
  second of all , i have nothing to prove to you . 
  third i 'm not a russian shill , i believe that russian 's have waged a very successful information war and are directly responsible for the current situation in the east . 
  now as to bandera . 
  statement directly from the eu : ** the european parliament in its resolution of february 25 , 2010 concerning the situation in ukraine stated that it `` deeply deplores the decision by the outgoing president of ukraine , viktor yushchenko , posthumously to award stepan bandera , a leader of the organization of ukrainian nationalists ( oun ) which collaborated with nazi germany , the title of \u201e national hero of ukraine \u201f ; hopes , in this regard , that the new ukrainian leadership will reconsider such decisions and will maintain its commitment to european values . '' ** 1 another statement from the simon wiesenthal center : ** the simon wiesenthal center , a leading us-based jewish organization , expressed its `` deepest revulsion at the recent honor awarded to stepan bandera , who collaborated with the nazis in the early stages of world war ii , and whose followers were linked to the murders of thousands of jews and others . '' ** 2 1 see `` european parliament resolution of 25 february 2010 on the situation in ukraine , '' feb. 25 2010 . 
  european parliament . 
  web . 
  march 4 2010 . 
  2 `` wiesenthal center blasts ukrainian honor for nazi collaborator . '' wiesenthal center . 
  web . 
  feb. 27 , 2010 . 
  i never knew that the entire eu parliament was a russian shill . 
  and the wiesenthal center too ? 
  as for my ukrainian , i do n't even have cyrillic stickers on my keyboard . 
  and i have read more zarubizhna and ukrainska literatura than you would ever know . 
  you know why to a certain degree nobody gives a shit about your conflict ? 
  because both sides are so full of shit that it makes me sick . 
  are the russians more guilty ? 
  definitely yes . 
  it 's not even close and not up for debate . 
  however , you 're parading around bandera as some national hero . 
  he was n't . 
  he was only a national hero if you were a specific type of ukrainian , he was n't a hero for all ukrainians . 
  much like hitler , who was a national hero if you were a specific type of german . 
  you only benefited if you were ethnically german . 
  jews and gypsies that were citizens of the german state ? 
  fuck them , not germans . 
  jews and poles citizens of the ukrainian state ? 
  nope fuck them , not ethnically ukrainian . 
  time to get some firing squads together , wooooo oun . 
  jesus christ , you 're so full of shit . 
  take a seat . 
  and next time do n't insult my intelligence and do n't belittle me . 
  you 're just as much as shill as the one 's sitting in some decaying building in moscow and piter . 
  you wa n't to get into the eu so bad , but you ca n't even own up to your history . 
  the audacity you have . 
  edit : objective view of stepan bandera . 
  ftp : / / host-209-183-10-27 . static.dsl.primus.ca / cpsa-acsp/papers -2010 / katchanovski.pdf yes there are , * pravyj sektor * or right sector in english is a fascist nationalist party . 
  the russian media purports that they are an influential player in ukraine 's political scene . 
  this assertion is blatantly false . 
  i want to however draw attention to the fact that stepan bandera displayed extreme hatred towards the poles and russians . 
  antisemitism was prevalent as well , but to a much lesser degree . 
  he was responsible for several ethnic cleansing events in ukraine . 
  the people of western ukraine , seem to forget this and many deny it . 
  this is what makes russian propaganda so convincing . 
  they over-exaggerate the truth and only include semi accurate facts when it suits their narrative . 
  propaganda 101 : 90 % lies + 10 % truth = a convincing story if you 're familiar with modern us history , stepan bandera is probably similar to malcolm x. malcolm x was a member of the nation of islam , and was the public face of the controversial group . 
  he advocated for black supremacy , the separation of black and white americans and believed that dr. king 's fight for racial integration suppressed the blacks .
