  this was refused denied and blocked and now you have reached a point where you can afford to dismantle the old system , but you ca n't afford to keep it either . 
  too many government employees were hired not because there was a job that needed doing but as a reward for friends and loyal supporters . 
  incompetence accumulated and red-tape was created with no thought of how this could possibly work in the real world . 
  people have grown accustomed and started to feel entitled to this way of life were they are paid non-existent taxpayer money to stand in the way of progress . 
  firing them and trying to practice austerity will not work . 
  keeping them on to avoid further raising the unemployment numbers and prevent austerity will only make things worse . 
  this is the result of long years of corruption and lack of accountability on many levels of the greek government . 
  it seems easier to blame the lazy tax dodging greeks or the evil heartless germans , than the system that has failed everyone and the fact that the current situation does not leave much in the way of workable options . 
  not without paying for the newspaper i hope . 
  that was a really oversimplified question , with a very limited choice of answers . 
  the situation is extremely complicated when you go deeper into the details than just some oversimplified `` they borrowed money that they ca n't pay back '' or `` they are forcing us into poverty with their greed '' . 
  even without understanding all the details it should be obvious that there were far more people involved than just the option mentioned in the article . 
  there is enough blame to go around and trying to phrase the question like this makes the people who are commissioning and publishing such polls part of the problem . 
  the christian one may only have impregnated a single virgin ( as far as we know ) and is thus far behind zeus when it come to ` ravishing young maidens ' , but he has a far large kill count than the entire the greek pantheon combined even if you do n't count the time he killed the entire human race except for one extended family . 
  i will keep this in mind . 
  i am not entirely sure what the point of this referendum was in the first place . 
  there was n't any deal on the table in case they voted yes and it appears that there are n't any consequences of voting no either . 
  in either case it would have gone back to the negotiation table no matter what the people voted . 
  varoufakis claims that with the referendum backing him up he can negotiate for a better deal than without it , but i would have thought that that was what the election was for and that he already had a mandate from the people was trying to get the best deal possible for greece . 
  people are celebrating , but nothing really changed . 
  the only thing this vote seems to have done is bought the country a bit more time . 
  cuba is a lot bigger than i always thought . 
  it is probably because you mostly just see it in relation to the much bigger us , that you do n't realize that it is actually quite big . 
  i expect that the people attempting to withdraw all their money right now do n't necessarily need it right now they just need it to be not in the bank , where the government can forcefully convert it to a new currency that will rapidly lose in value . 
  this wo n't last a month . 
  yes , i am always surprised how on these maps that present economic , demographic or social trends you can more or less tell exactly where the old east west border were pre 1990 except for slovenia , which continues to act as if it was in the ` west ' all along . 
  some of them look like they might have an at-field . 
  i guess that means they will drop the tariff on blank cds etc now . 
  as someone in another post about this has pointed out this works out as one month of benefits per person . 
  the only way to really avoid this would have been to contact everyone on benefits weekly or daily to see if they have left the country . 
  considering the extra work involved on keeping taps this closely on anyone with benefits and the extra problems it would bring this seems like an acceptable loss . 
  all alternatives would cost the government much more . 
  i would assume that with the recent revelations about the bnd working more for the us government than the german one , the positive feelings of many germans towards the us may have diminished further at least a small bit . 
  russia is not really getting more popular either . 
  your * new * home . 
  thanks , that makes more sense . 
  there is no legend on the map , but i guess that * green marls natural heritage sites * yellow marks cultural heritage sites * red marks mixed heritage sites, 
  apparently the roman empire has reinvaded carthage too . 
  fta :  assets identified by greece 's supreme court in 2000 were germany 's goethe institute and the german archeological institute in athens . 
  especially the german archeological institute in athens apparently has some nice stuff in it according to wikipedia . 
  my main problem is with how badly thought out the idea is . 
  it feels a bit like someone accosting you and threatening to cut themselves and bleeding over your nice suit if you do n't give them money . 
  if greece were by some miracle able to leave the euro , have all their debts forgive and any amount of reparations they are demanding repaid , they would still be in very deep trouble . 
  nobody is going to lend you money if you have a habit of not paying them back and seizing foreign assets is one of the best ways of discouraging foreign investments there is . 
  the mere threat of seizing foreign assets , however much a bluff it may be , will probably influence a some foreign corporations into thinking twice about doing any business in greece . 
  incredulity mostly . 
  i was referring to the fact that apparently there are no trains at all that fit into the 300 - 310 kph gap or the 260 - 270 kph one or the 230 - 240 kph one . 
  that may very well be true , but i would have extended the brackets to meet up without any gaps nevertheless . 
  i am unreasonably upset about the way the legend creates the brackets one bracket goes from 270 to 300 kph and the next goes from 310 to 320 kph with the gap between the two being as large as the largest bracket . 
  i understand what is meant , but that could have been phrased better . 
  while some of this rings true . 
  some other bits do n't . 
  i would like to see the source for this data . 
  especially the inclusion of kurdistan as a nationality makes me sceptical . 
  well to be fair tumblr at least has a large aspect that could be called a * sjw hugboxes * and there are some subreddits that come close . 
  obviously it would be impossible to generalize over large sites like reddit and tumblr as you tend to find all sorts of ideologies present there . 
  there are some extremely racist subreddits here ( like / r/coontown and others like it ) , but that does n't make the entire site racist . 
  i would also hesitate to ascribe any sort of political ideology to the sort of extreme * sjw * stuff that you can find in certain tumblr circles . 
  between people espousing that ` all white cis-het males should just die ' but claiming that such ideas are not racist and sexists because only other people can be racists and sexist and demanding that people stop ` appropriating culture ' , telling people that learning foreign languages is wrong and feel that miscegenation of races is somehow evil , it would be hard to ascribe any sort of political ideology to that sort of thing other than perhaps a certain amount of authoritarianism and being generally in favour of harsh punishments against people they do n't like and generous welfare for people like themselves , but that does n't quite up to ` left ' or ` right ' . 
  then of course there are the extremely extreme cases on tumblr that get made fun of in places like / r/tumblrinaction where people decided that they are actually dragons or unicorns and have weird made up genders and pronouns and headmates from anime and generally are batshit insane . 
  they are using the sort of language they copied from their more ` moderate ' cousins and claim that they are some sort of oppressed minority because they are trans-something and suffer from self-diagnosed conditions and that people do n't take them seriously . 
  there are no words to describe that sort of things in a political context . 
  from wikipedia : [ evolution of demography in bulgaria ( 1961-2013 ) ] ( http://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/7/7b/bulgaria-demography.png ) a careful statistical extrapolation allows me to conclude that soon there wo n't be anyone left it current trends continue . 
  who is jim mellon ? 
  the article calls him legendary and acts like he is famous , but other than his own facebook page and twitter feed google mostly returns articles that call him the british warren buffet , quotes that say `` do n't call me the british warren buffett '' and articles about him giving questionable financial advice . 
  he does not however seem to have his own wikipedia page or appear in the forbes list of billionaires . 
  there is a mellon family there but they are described as american and do n't seem to have any jims . 
  is he just some guy who makes money selling any image that he is rich and knows about finance or does he really know what he is talking about ? 
  i notice that google also omits some results due to the right to be forgotten when you search for his name which might be a red flag . 
  did he rape or murder anyone years ago or something like that ? 
  that is like 800 times the budget of the the martian movie and about 140 times the money it made at the box office . 
  well technically you are supposed to call it gold not yellow , but the result is the same and it would screw with the alphabetic order . 
  i think some of those may be the result of porn search related automcompletes that were translated out of context . 
  no kings or queens , but plenty of other people who think they are lords and princes etc. 
  we for example have [ georg friedrich , prince of prussia ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/georg_friedrich,_prince_of_prussia ) who is the grandson of the last german emperor . 
  or people like [ gloria , princess of thurn and taxis ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/gloria,_princess_of_thurn_and_taxis ) . 
  of course legally none of these titles mean anything anymore and none of them are particularly popular , but some of them have retained their ancestors money if not their special rights and money can make people treat you very nice and allow them to indulge you in your delusions of grandeur . 
  apparently the region where he lives has a tradition of annually select a ceremonial wine queen . 
  when a couple of years ago they could n't get one organized in time apparently the fell back upon the real monarch living among them and he took the role . 
  [ article in germany . 
  the monarchy in germany is over since wwi , but there are still some people who call themselves by funny names and own big houses in some parts . 
  liberia was sort of an us colony founded by american abolitionist to repatriate freed slaves . 
  i think it should count as sort of a second order colony . 
  that was not the reaction of an innocent man . 
  they probably left the bomb with a neighbor or something . 
  well germany 's 1979 entry in the eurovision contest was called [ dschinghis khan ] ( https://youtu.be/b_zkxa25nk8 ) a fun song and dance number named after the 13th warlord who destroyed empires and civilizations and managed to kill or conquer an unprecedented percentage of the then exiting world population under his rule . 
  knowledge is power, 
  it was not my intention to criticize anyone for the actions of their ancestors which would have obviously been very hypocritical in this context . 
  i was trying to criticize certain modern points of view by contrasting them with comparable situations in the past to show how they might look from the perspective of someone 3/4 of a century down the road . 
  i was also aware that the incident where the coast was supposed to have fired warning shots is strongly disputed which is why i added the ` reportedly ' . 
  some people claim it happened others say it did n't . 
  i was n't there . 
  you know what would really suck ? 
  if you could no longer feel safe in the country you lived in and then were denied asylum elsewhere when you tried to seek refuge as happened to german jews in the 1930s . 
  like for example the [ voyage of the damned ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ms_st._louis ) where the ms st. louis set sail from germany with a thousand jewish refugees aboard and tried to bring them to the safety of north america , where they were turned away at every port and reportedly even fired upon by us coast guard to stop them from landing in florida . 
  thank god we have moved on from this state of affairs and enacted polices so that sort of thing can not happen again . 
  considering the location , durmstrang would be more appropriate i guess . 
  i had seen pictures before , but i never realized it . 
  the uk house of commons does not have any desks in it !, 
  it seems like it is the only parliament where the people sitting there are not supposed to take notes and stuff like that .
