  i do n't think there is much need for one . 
  you do n't get very motivated workers if you pay them less than harziv . 
  i do n't really see how patriot missiles on the border between turkey and syria might lead to an involvement in a conflict between israel and anybody . 
  i was more concerned about the defence and protection thing turning into some sort pre-emptive offence against syria as things get more and more out of hand . 
  there is also the constant worry that when you work closely with the turkish military at some point kurds might become involve and you have to walk the fine line between supporting an ally who gets attacked by terrorists and helping a repressive regime wage a brutal war against an ethnic minority . 
  i do n't want any of that stuff on me . 
  i am concerned that once they are there they might too easily end up engaging in something other than a defensive action . 
  there was this political movement in germany some time ago that was really tough on gypsies and the danger they and their parasitic , criminal , nomadic lifestyle presents to the german people . 
  from what i understand they made great headway on their solution to the problem , but were interrupted 3/4 of the way through . 
  does anyone still remember that ? 
  you should read more . 
  it is not like they do n't invest at all , they just do n't invest as much as they should . 
  see for example : http://www.infrastructurereportcard.org/fact-sheet/energy [ here is a nice graph ] ( http://2.bp.blogspot.com/-agredaucy1g/t6kyss21xwi/aaaaaaaaatg/8jbzuucuzpw/s1600/power+outages_0.jpg ) or just google key words such as us power grid crumbling infrastructure etc. 
  when i was a student you could get a relatively cheap student ticket that was basically negotiated with the local verkehrsverbund from the position of strength of the entire student body and entitled you to free use of all buses , trams and regional trains . 
  suddenly having to pay for yourself after not having to worry about it for so long was a bit of wake up call . 
  it appears a bit presumptuous to speculate that by 2035 the us power-grid will still be up and running if you keep in mind that americans seem to be rather adverse to actually investing in infrastructure . 
  it is already in poor shape compared to most of europe and the rising demand wo n't make it any better . 
  also keep in mind that the lower cost of power in china and the us is only on paper . 
  china gets its cheap power from massive mining operations that are not just environmental unfriendly but also cause a lot of health related costs . 
  the benefits of cheap , clean nuclear power meanwhile are somewhat dampened by the fact that nobody seems to have working way to get rid of nuclear waste . 
  someone is going to have to pay for doing something about it eventually and just letting your nuclear waste accumulate accumulate and pretend that it is not going to cost anyone anything to clean it up years or decades down the line is just not going to work . 
  would n't the people ultimately responsible be the people who voted for incompetent or corrupt politicians and stood by as for example they squandered money on stupid unrealistic projects ? 
  every few years esa comes out with a brand new concept for manned space flight . 
  than someone looks at the price tag and the whole thing gets canned . 
  i rather doubt esa will be involved in any major way in a trip to the moon . 
  there really is no good reason for them to go . 
  there is no money on the moon and there is no exciting science to be done there either . 
  other than the propaganda factor and the `` who , yeah , man walks on the fucking moon ! '', 
  factor there is really no reason to go there that would justify the costs . 
  esa should continue to work on their commercial satellite launches , finish worthwhile projects like galileo and do some useful science like that earth observing and polar orbiting stuff they were doing that tells us more about how our climate is going to shit . 
  just keep enough of the manned spaceflight going to keep up any iss promises we made and generally keep our hat in . 
  that way we can pitch in when it finally comes to a joint mission to mars or when somebody discovers oil or something on the moon and we have a real space race again . 
  what is the eu supposed to do . 
  force merck to continue to give out its drugs for free ? 
  it would be a bold move sure to be popular with greek cancer patients and health care administrators , but it would also set a rather bad precedent that would ultimately lead to everyone stopping paying for drugs , the drug industry collapsing and nobody getting any drugs anymore in the long run . 
  alternative could be the eu encouraging the greek to reprioritize their expenditures and possibly financing vital programs by actually paying taxes . 
  such a move would potentially lead to economic ruin and the rise of fascism in greece . 
  easily , the non hungarian doctors tend to speak with an indian accent . 
  why are the totals for german the same on both sides when the actual values for the different countries are consistently lower on side than the other ? 
  it does feature my hometown 's brewery and the breweries nearby that i am familiar with, 
  i think i can see my house from up here . 
  i apparently left on the light again . 
  the fact that this is composition aside i find it fascinating how you can easily tell the location of most major cities in pictures such as this and with a bit of geography knowledge can sort of see where lots of other stuff is and assign labels even to the smaller dots . 
  take for example this [ interactive map ] ( http://www.nightearth.com/ ) try to zoom in on a dot , from which you think you know what it represents and switch to map mode with labels to see how close you were . 
  somebody obviously got rich from the shortsighted decisions to waste all those resources and all that money on unnecessary grandiose building projects . 
  got to them for money . 
  got to the people who indirectly profited from those projects , go to the people who enabled the waste by not doing anything about their corrupt and shortsighted leaders . 
  just do n't go looking for handouts from people who were n't stupid enough to waste money like this . 
  what i found extremely annoying is that you can get entered into a church without your personal consent as a minor in an act that does not involve any government officials ( baptism ) , but once you are old enough to earn a small amount of money and do n't want to give any of it to a church you do n't believe in you have to actually deal with an inflexible bureaucracy and pay a fee . 
  some local governments in the more religious parts make it especially hard for youngsters to leave the church like this . 
  well , to a lesser degree the part about the technology terms is true in larger languages like german too . 
  there are probably more terms that get translated , but fewer than there used to be . 
  people nowadays work in it not edv . 
  note regarding the tarzan english bit , tarzan from the books was actually a genius at languages who taught himself to read and write english without having ever heard it spoken and then very quickly learned french as his first spoken human language . 
  the inclusion of turkey and exclusion of russia perhaps ? 
  the shadowy image of the worldmap in the background ? 
  i have no idea . 
  why do these articles always read as if either the writer or his audience are completely technological illiterate ? 
  i will be sure to distribute their contact details to anyone who brothers me about a ` computer emergency ' with a sense of entitlement and a lack of actual support contract in the future . 
  it will be a learning experience for everyone involved . 
  but seriously , this does not has the appearance of anything that would be worthwhile . 
  between being understaffed only ` open ' part of the day and being doubtlessly weighed down by bureaucracy it is hard to imagine them actually accomplishing anything other than wasting money and creating more bureaucracy . 
  the only positive thing i see is that the next time the eu gets targeted by ` hackers ' , their website will be a prime target drawing fire away from other institutions . 
  what about nuclear energy ? 
  who pays for the nuclear waste disposal if not the taxpayer ? 
  since there is a hidden cost involved in nuclear energy that ca n't be quantified since nobody has worked out an actual solution yet , you might as well set the price of a watt of nuclear power as infinite euro . 
  belarus and the ukraine almost look like north korea on this picture . 
  you can see the shining beacons of st. petersburg and moscow to the east and the comparatively poland to the west and mostly darkness in between . 
  you might be forgiven for thinking that the black sea reached up to the baltic with only a few lightly inhabited islands in between . 
  good luck with ever getting religion out of the classroom in germany . 
  religion is the only subject mandated by law in the grundgesetz ( basic law , germany 's constitution ) . 
  you could abolish math , history or german easily far easier than you could religious education . 
  since religion is going nowhere they might as well include everyone equally for fairness sake . 
  i do n't see why it would be necessary there are many countries with more that one official language . 
  places like canada and switzerland do n't seem to suffer from it ... [ languages in china ] ( http://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/5/55/china_linguistic_map.jpg/685px-china_linguistic_map.jpg ) it works elsewhere why should n't it work in a united europe . 
  well , they might have version control , but it seems like they still do n't have a production environment and are testing all new changes live on the production population . 
  i would suggest cordoning of saarland as a beta-republic and testing all new laws there first before introducing them into the rest of the country . 
  this will cut down on constant patches by the verfassungsgericht and the bundestag for laws that were too buggy . 
  well , everything else aside the half a century long stretch of peace in europe ( or at least the parts of it that the eu covers ) speak for themselves . 
  when was the last time there was a period of peace so long between for example france at what today is germany ? 
  i guess some time before the thirty years ' war perhaps . 
  i was referencing previous articles about how everything in greece appears to be going slowly in a very wrong direction and how neo-nazis and similar groups are on the rise . 
  what exactly is there in poland that would be of special interest to the us besides a location to strategically place missiles ? 
  there does not seem to be much in the way of [ imports ] ( http://www.census.gov/foreign-trade/statistics/product/enduse/imports/c4550.html ) or [ exports ] ( http://www.census.gov/foreign-trade/statistics/product/enduse/exports/c4550.html ) from poland at least compared to for example germany next door . 
  i am not trying to put poland down here , but i do n't see why it would be of special interest to the us . 
  rounding up ( suspected ) prostitutes forcibly testing them for a deadly illness and if positive locking them up and publishing their private data to the public ? 
  if greece had any money left i would suggest to the victim of this nonsense that they take the government to the european court of human rights and sue them for what they are worth . 
  between the institutional corruption and unwillingness to pay their share , the ungratefulness for the bailouts , the rampant xenophobia and racism and the general idiocy as displayed in the article here , i am convinced that europe would be better of by cutting greece lose and letting them sink to the third world level that they apparently strive for in every respect . 
  i know that an economic crisis such as this brings out the worst in peoples and that there are always demagogues who pray on those who want quick and simple solutions to complex problems and scapegoats that free them of any blame , but is a little self control too much to ask for ? 
  are there no sane elder statesmen left to steer public discussion away from such nonsense . 
  is there no responsible media in greece ? 
  what ever happened to these smaller scale geographical regions that some euro bureaucrat had dreamed up that purposefully failed to adhere to any national , cultural or linguistic borders . 
  i think the justification was to avoid opening any old wounds are political quagmires like admitting that a lot of basques lived in a particular corner or things like that . 
  on the topic of old wounds and political quagmires i have noticed that the the cultural proximities of central europe seem to stretch from the meuse to the memel and from the adige to the belt . 
  gypsies where already treated worse than jews under nazi germany up to and including in the concentration camps themselves . 
  sinti and roma never had the sort of lobby that other groups had . 
  they are now little better of than they were before the holocaust . 
  of course there are other victim groups who initially were treated even worse . 
  like homosexuals who after being freed from the camps by the allies were thrown back into prison by the allied military occupational government to serve out the rest of their sentence or were later jailed as repeat offender for still being as gay as they were in nazi germany . 
  it took time for them to work themselves up to the level of acceptance where they are today , so there is hope .
