  [ wikipedia on society for worldwide interbank financial telecommunication ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/society_for_worldwide_interbank_financial_telecommunication ), 
  the jesus-video is 15 years old , even the tv adaption is over a decade old . 
  i am not sure it counts as contemporary, 
  we were number 5 !, 
  ** sigmund j\u00e4hn in 1978 . 
  ** ok , technically he hitched ride with the russsians as part of interkosmos and this will probably one of the few times you will see any achievements of the gdr acknowledged with pride in the mainstream , but it still counts . 
  ( ulf merbold was the first west-german in space half a decade later and the first non-american to hitch a ride with the us . 
  by that time a 10 other nations had been flown cosmonauts into space with the russians . ), 
  sure its not all sunshine and roses in the rest of europe , but turkey is like the world leader in imprisoning journalists . 
  unlike most i do n't see a big problem with the religion , i do however see a problem with the lack of democracy and suppression of free press and minorities and lack of separation between church and state over there . 
  it seems parties who might be for some of these aspects are against others and it would be hard to find a political ally who in turkey who is both interested in joining the eu and in political reforms to make turkey more like the eu . 
  to be entirely honest i am also not overly enthusiastic with the fact that turkey is so poor compared to other prospective and exiting members and really uncomfortable with suddenly sharing a land border with the likes of iraq or syria . 
  maybe we can just take the part that is geographically in europe and leave the rest ? 
  of course they are worried . 
  for many big players , made in ` wherever ' just means that the managers and some guys who clip the parts made ` elsewhere ' together and add some finishing touches are actually located in ` wherever ' . 
  right now some companies import nearly finished products to germany that were cheaply made in east-asia , just so that the final assembly can take place in germany and they can slap al able on it that gives consumers a mistaken impression of quality . 
  it seems sensible that if the bulk of the work was not done in germany , slapping a label saying made in germany on it is disingenuous . 
  if honest labelling might hurt your business , then you are probably doing something wrong . 
  it is a city state . 
  urban areas have higher crime rates than rural areas everywhere . 
  in the other us states the high crime rates in the cities are partly made up for with the loer crime rates in the less densely populated areas . 
  if you carved out a chunk of territory surrounding dc and added it into the statistics the rate would go down a bit . 
  i looked it up . 
  apparently there are states in the us that have almost european incarceration rates . 
  maine has only a rate of about 1.5 \u2030 ( 150 prisoners for every 100,000 residents ) . 
  the average over the entire country of course is the highest in the world with somewhere around 7 \u2030 . 
  and places like louisiana have almost a full percent with 9 \u2030 . 
  the true horror come when you look at subgroups such as black males which have an incarceration rate of 4.3 % nationwide raising to 7.5 % if you limit it to the age group of 25 to 39 . 
  the warden must really fear for his job-safety . 
  i mean what if one of them dies and the other gets parole ? 
  does anyone have any idea what is up with luxembourg ? 
  is the huge ` negative growth ' just an artefact of their small size that draws small stuff entirely out of proportion or are the genuinely in trouble ? 
  i wonder how they people like the guy who rides on the same train as me with his folding bike every day figure into this . 
  i thought we were beyond the age of gunboat diplomacy ? 
  you might sa that this was a bad touch . 
  i think it might have had a lot to do with electrical equipmen made by lucas ( the prince of darkness ) and magret tatcher destroying british industry . 
  you know what wou\u00f6d help against low birth rates ? 
  restricting access to birth control and abortion while removing sex-education from curriculum in schools . 
  i am told that helps a lot in some countries . 
  arhur c clarke wrote a sci-fi short story about this concept deatiling the reaction of the crew of a space based nulcear weapons platform who are listening to the recorded ` last command ' ( this being the title of the story ) of their dead president . 
  the war is over their side lost and has been destroyed and all hey can do now is to strike back and kille the last of the enemy . 
  spoiler : the president tells the crew that the time for vengance is over that they should lauch their weapons into space and contact the surviving members of the enemy to see what help they can offer to rebeuild human society . 
  the final twist is that the president is the president of the soviet union . 
  i found that deeply fscianting . 
  it is one thing to threaten to kill millions as a detrrent , sometimes you might evn have to go through with such threats to ensure that others know you are n't bluffing , but at a point when there is no more reason to deterr or show that you did n't bluff , when everyone is al\u00f6ready dead , will you still pull the trigger to kille millions out of vengance alone ? 
  or for example the [ message drafted by general eisenhower in case the d-day invasion failed ] ( http://www.archives.gov/education/lessons/d-day-message/ ) . 
  or even more intersting the sealed documents aboard british submarines instructing the captains what to do in the case that england had fallen : [ letters of last resort ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/letters_of_last_resort ), 
  i would like to point out that the two examples of professional german comedians given in the article are atze schr\u00f6der and the late loriot . 
  i will let that speak for itself . 
  german 's are humourless . 
  it is sad but true . 
   every year , the release said , the criminal gang made millions of euros through a system of insurance fraud , with the funds used to finance the acquisition of arms and drugs . 
  i never get this when the news says something like this about criminals . 
  i was under the impression that criminals like everyone else made money to have money . 
  sure , they might reinvest some of it in business , but at the end of the day i would expect the primary goal to be something along the lines of * `` have as much money as possible '' * with the acquisition of drugs and arms just being a stepstone in that direction . 
  i do n't think you can generalize all of europe like that and the us part is pretty shallow . 
  they left out popular stereotypes about the social acceptability of nudity and violence in the media . 
  well the saying goes that in the us 100 years is considered to be a long time and 100km is consider to be a short way while the opposite is true in europe . 
  i would n't consider a house build in 1913 to be ` new ' , but there are several house in the street that i live that are older than the usa . 
  well there are tourists there and they do bring money into the economy and while local wo n't suddenly buy more groceries just because shops are open on sundays , tourist making impulse purchases will probably spend more . 
  so for souvenir shops etc this will probably result in more business . 
  for everyone else ? 
  who probably less so . 
  the problem is that the workers who are expected to come in on sundays will have to be paid somehow . 
  in a perfect world this would result in more jobs . 
  in the real world this will likely result in workers either doing more work for the same money or working under the table for cash . 
  i think the problem here is over-generalization . 
  the muslims in france from north africa have very little in common cultural wise with the muslims in germany who hail from turkey or those in the uk who came from south asia and even within these groups there are many sub-groups . 
  you can just put a common label on them and treat them as basically all the same . 
  there are different levels of integration and different problems that each group faces and different approaches by the countries they are living in to lessen these problems . 
  the whole thing is a lot more complicated than what some idiots think , who say that ` europe ' will be overrun by muslims and we will have to live under shaira law . 
  maybe it is different in other places , but where i live i do n't really see a ` problem ' to get worked up about . 
  the article i linked mentioned concerns over the `` infrastructure and security '' and how due to the climatic changes en route -- temperature and humidity -- acer is assessing the impact on its hardware . 
  one problem is that russia has a different rail gauge and that cargo has to be moved to different wagons for that part of the trip . 
  the same route is already used to ship car-parts in the other direction , but these tend to be a bit more robust than the electronics that get shipped west from china in the return trips . 
  we are talking soviet era infrastructure here . 
  by the time the stuff reaches germany is has been through a lot . 
  freezing , heating , humidity , low barometric pressure as it climbs the mountains etc and constantly being shook and rattled . 
  they probably have to reseat all connectors and cables that got shook loose when the stuff arrives . 
  this idea to use the rail-link has been something people have been experimenting with for years , but there is a reason why most stuff still gets shipped by sea at this point . 
  i do n't think that what you saw is a representative sample of what all of europe is like . 
  i don have to admit thought that the vast majority of ` interracial ' or perhaps rather intercultural couples i know are native girls with foreign man . 
  the only couple that goes the other way has the woman no longer on speaking terms with her family . 
  i think it is partly because immigrants tend to come from very patriarchal cultures . 
  this is n't the first attempt along these lines . 
  there have been previous tests for transporting electronics made in china to europe by rail : here is an article from 2011 : [ acer turns to trains for imports ] ( http://www.theregister.co.uk/2011/08/01/acer_rail/ ) the pros are that it is faster and more flexible than shipping by ship , the cons however were until now a deal breaker : to much stuff gets broken or stolen during the shipping by rail . 
  i expect that this attempt end up exactly the same way previous attempts did . 
  the cargo get there faster , but some of it will be missing and much of the rest will be broken . 
  it was once heavily bombed by the british during wwii by mistake . 
  i was surprised by how young everyone was . 
  it made me feel slightly old . 
  do n't they often do similar stuff whenever there 's a big event with lots of international visitors ? 
  i rmember reports about some big football events where holligans were greated not just by the local police but also by their native cops who were already familar with them , spoke their languge and knew who was most likely to be a problem . 
  i always thought of it as something along the lines of a repetion of the german unification on a much grander scale . 
  there are cultural differences between for example bavarians and people from the north and they used to be much bigger in the past . 
  in addition to all the political stuff going on in the background i think it were things like increased mobilitiy and shared pop-culture that forged germany nto a single country from parts that had occasionally been at war with each other . 
  between the internet and the high-speed rail and highway network across europe we are proably growing together right now without even noticing it . 
  it might be a sow process with setbacks etc , but the world is getting smaller and europe is growing closer together with it . 
  i would suggest that today we have more of a common shared european identity than we had in the 90s and we will likely have a stonger one a generation hence . 
  as if the settlements themselves were n't counterproductive to peace-talks .
