  now there is only one . 
  when my hometown rebuild their station a few decades ago , they optimistically left room for further expansion . 
  since then most trains have stopped stopping here . 
  the death of the railways in europe is a shame as they primarily benefitted the heavy industries which have gone away and the poor and rural citizens who are funked . 
  do n't you have some mountain in the caribbean ? 
  having permanent olympic venues certainly would lead to a lot less waste . 
  it would also obviously be a huge boost to the economy of the host country . 
  you can built an industry around having a huge event regularly instead of just once . 
  the location will have to be carefully selected but greece obviously has a leg up on the competition here due the history of the event . 
  other factors include the timezones . 
  greece works well for everyone watching it live on tv in europe , africa and the middle east but less well for the americas and the far east . 
  in order to make money the games should be held when most of the rich people around the world are awake . 
  the climate is another thing , but while greece may be a bit too hot in some cases it is not like we are talking about such nonsenses as having a major sporting event in the middle of a desert . 
  so if greece gets the summer olympics where are the winter olympics going to go ? 
  switzerland ? 
  or perhaps another continent for fairness sake ? 
  japan and the us/canada seem like good choices . 
  if you are for or against the eu , adopting a wait and see attitude to see how the brexit works out for the uk makes sense before committing yourself . 
  well , he did write that 16 years ago . 
  plenty of people have changed their minds about the whole peace thing since the late 90s , because how well it actually worked . 
  of course given what he has been in the news for lately i would not put it past him to still hold these opinions today . 
  he is a cunt either way and putting him in charge will not just alienate everyone who actually has gotten fond of that whole peace thing but also lead to other situations where similarly stupid judgements may put britain in further danger . 
  i think you may be underestimating theresa may . 
  wales too , but nobody counts them i think . 
  no do-overs !, 
  the time to have made a rule about minimum participation or 2/3 majority being necessary would have been before the vote . 
  you made your bed , now you are going to have to lie in it . 
  they have a common travel area with the uk . 
  to move into schengen they would likely have to give that up . 
  or you could add esa or uefa . 
  not unique or without precedent : [ britain first is using a polish spitfire to promote its nationalist values ] ( http://indy100.independent.co.uk/article/britain-first-is-using-a-polish-spitfire-to-promote-its-nationalist-values--xk-k0lte5e ) and while i ca n't find a link to an article right now i think they were also the ones who ended up fielding in some bizarre turnaround a candidate in a local election who was a falkland war veteran ... who fought on the argentinian side . 
  is n't the ceo of coca-cola a turk though ? 
  i thought that would be seen as a point of pride in turkey and help with sales ? 
  dan carlin 's hardcore history series on wwi : [ blueprint for armageddon ] ( http://www.dancarlin.com/product/hardcore-history-50-blueprint-for-armageddon-i/ ) is something i can recommend on this topic . 
  the whole european integration despite all its problems has paid its dividends in the lack of great wars killing millions of young men once a generation . 
  most maps of europe distort the whole east west thing . 
  ireland actually does extend further west than portugal . 
  for comparison : [ stupid idiot not making room for a fire truck . 
  ] ( https://youtu.be/_djd49cgnzo ), 
  it is fake . 
  the story happened , but there was nobody there to photograph it , so they created the picture after the fact to go along with the story . 
  well there was terrorist bomb that caused the chaos and confusion that led to the accident . 
  if someone has a heart attack because of a bomb going of or gets trampled when people panic and run away i would count them as a victim of a terrorist attack and so i would count the people in those plains . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/thing_ ( assembly ), 
  i guess [ tenerife ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/tenerife_airport_disaster ) does not count as western europe for the purpose of this graph despite belonging to spain . 
  i think the german ice trains operating in denmark are going to stop this year . 
  they had some weird diesel based high speed trains running there and that did n't work out . 
  mission accomplished . 
  if only the rest of us had it this easy when it comes to achieving our life goals . 
   ivan ivanovich ( \u0418\u0432\u0430\u043d \u0418\u0432\u0430\u043d\u043e\u0432\u0438\u0447 ; the russian equivalent of `` john doe '' ) i thought ivan ivanovich would be the equivalent of john johnson in english . 
  apparently doggerland is ahead of north-korea when it comes to rural electrification . 
  i was getting seriously confused by these numbers , thinking it was supposed to be survey results . 
  they did not make any sense especially the 0 % from ireland . 
  you would never get numbers like that from a poll no matter what questions you ask . 
  urban areas have younger populations that rural ones and rich countries have higher life expectancy that poorer ones . 
  thank you . 
  why do these types of charts never put the neutral `` do n't know '' answer in the middle ? 
   it also notes rohrabacher said , when asked whether donald trump 's administration would back the idea , he has `` an influence '' on foreign policy and the idea `` of changing the borders in the balkans '' may be up on the agenda during the next sessions . 
  that sounds like it could go very , very badly . 
  this explains why they told us that year not eat anything from our own gardens . 
  just some quick background info : `` reichsb\u00fcrger '' ( literally : imperial citizen ) are the german version of what in for example the us is called `` sovereign citizen '' . 
  they are a bunch of conspiracy minded nuts who believe all sorts of nonsense chiefly among them that the government is not legitimate and they do n't have to pay any taxes , obey any laws or pay back any debts they might own . 
  it is the sort of ideology that people in financial or legal trouble fall into , courts and police generally do n't agree with their ideas . 
  i am sure that similar groups exist in other places too . 
  the german version is a bit special in that they tend to make up all sorts of fake rules and bureaucracy and that they believe that the current germany ( which the call brd gmbh ) is just some sort of company or corporation , the real germany in their idea is the german empire that never ended . 
  this tends to go hand in hand with believing that the german empire still exists in its old borders . 
  which empire and which borders may differ from nut to nut , but usually the third empire in the borders of 1937 are the one they mean . 
  such views obviously are unlikely to make friend in places like poland or russia and set them apart from other right wing and neo-nazi groups who nowadays are much more inclusive and friendly towards those nationalities . 
  generally the nazi thing was seen as a minor aspect of the reichsb\u00fcrger movement until recently and they were mostly seen as crazy but mostly harmless nuts . 
  this changed recently when they started shooting at police among other things . 
  the arrest seems to have targeted a group that was much more explicit in their nazi-ness . 
  they seem to have planned attacks against police , refugees and jews . 
  the group also was extremely weird even by reichsb\u00fcrger and neo-nazi standards . 
  the leader apparently was a 62-year old celtic druid . 
  there were also [ heller ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/heller_ ( money % 29 ) coins worth half a pfennig in many places in europe . 
  o ( bama ) ` zapft is !, 
  well the east german government called it the `` anti-fascist protective wall '' ( * antifaschistischer schutzwall * ) which does sound nice an positive . 
  if you count [ operation uphold democracy ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/operation_uphold_democracy ) as an invasion then poland has invaded haiti as recently as the mid nineties ( together with american and argentinian allies ) . 
  also in similar manner iraq , afghanistan and mali . 
  and before the fall of communism there were polish forces involved in vietnam , korea , angola and czechoslovakia . 
  fun fact about democracy in switzerland : they have had full universal women 's suffrage on all levels of government since all they way back in 1990 . 
  i assume , that now that it is more generally known that such systems exist , the next terrorist to try and use such a truck to attack people will attempt to disable the system beforehand . 
  the system was never designed to prevent premeditated vehicular homicide , it was designed to prevent accidents and decrease the number of deaths from people being rear-ended by trucks . 
  while these deaths get much less publicity , is seems that the number of lives saved by these system is much , much higher than the number of people killed by terrorists each year . 
  the terror attack stop was just a happy side effect from the main function of the system . 
  i also found it notable that the system was in place because it was made mandatory by eu regulations and that in many non-eu countries free from such regulations it is not a standard feature . 
  to put into another perspective . 
  she was 4 years old when the wright brothers made their first flight and 60 when gagarin became the first man in space . 
  she was born in a time when horse drawn carriages were still a major feature of city traffic . 
  she came from the victorian era and lived not just to see men walk on the moon but to actually outlive the first man on the moon . 
  she has outlived every single person who was alive when she was born and billions of people who were born after her . 
  she has even managed to live through 11/12 of 2016 so far which many younger people failed to do . 
  by that methodology qatar would have between 26 and 29 moldovas . 
  of course the comparisons is not really between countries but between people in those countries . 
  this is why tiny luxembourg has the highest gdp ( ppp ) per capita in europe and the second highest in the world . 
  two new rule books they call bibles not literal bibles in case anyone was wondering . 
  brutalism gets a bad rep sometimes . 
  i wonder if a few centuries from now people will look at the few surviving examples of the style and call it beautiful and wonder why we tore all the other ones down . 
  i mean your average ancient castle does not have to be inherently beautiful either . 
  a bit misleading , because the push to recycling usually comes together with a push of avoiding creating trash in the first place .
