  these are rather thin on the ground . 
  if you are looking for famous historical figures who worked hard on the concept of european integration you are liable to end up with characters like caesar , charlemagne , hitler and napoleon . 
  i do n't like the sound of * `` give patients more control of their care '' * . 
  patients are stupid giving them more control is only asking for trouble . 
  they will shop around until they get a ` health care provider ' who will tell them what they want , like that they are really suffering from a disease they read about on the net or that their cancer can be cured with vitamins or that you can make someone healthy with magnets or by massaging them and rearranging their energy fields . 
  i am not too upset when consenting adults decide to rely on homoeopathic cures . 
  i do have a problem when i have to financially their deranged expensive suicide attempts . 
  please leave health care to the professionals . 
  `` imposing with money '' ? 
  that is a nice concept . 
  i think i will use it in the future : `` i was forced to do it , they offered me money . '', 
  i also think that it is more than a bit sexist to think of the whole think as a women 's rights issue and act like there are no male prostitutes at all . 
  it goes without saying that outlawing prostitution will only hurt women and not help them . 
  i would have liked my data a bit more quantified than `` below average '' and `` above average '' . 
  what are we talking about here each colour represents a band of 5 % above or below ? 
  perhaps 10 % or 20 % or maybe it is somehow logarithmic going from 1/5th to 5 times the average ? 
  that would have been helpful to know . 
  i am sure that guilt can be at least partially assuaged by gifting israel a few more submarines or something ... 
  slovenia must be doing something right . 
  i do n't know what industries they have there . 
  my refrigerator is from there , but that is about all i can think off . 
  do they have much tourism ? 
  the labels for iberia and albania are in rather unexpected places . 
  i think i read a garth ennis comic book about this guy once . 
  yeah , we have had bad experiences with austrian immigrants in the past . 
  i do n't think there are many refugees from iran in these groups and i had the impression that they were comparing the police to the other european police officer they encountered on their travel route , but other than that yes , this would be a bit of a culture shock to them . 
  this does n't sound too bad :  `` these are the best police i have encountered so far , '' said ali ahaj , after showing the officers his syrian passport for the third time . 
   `` the first police told me : ` welcome to germany ' . 
  then he smiled , '' he said . 
   after about 90 minutes , the wait was over . 
   police were to escort the men to the nearest refugee reception centre , where they would finally get some rest . 
  syrian refugees are n't turned away but there are attempts to get some control into the whole chaotic situation and everyone seem to be reasonable polite and understanding about the whole thing . 
  the unusual box shape comes because they expanded the original star fort by adding land to it after the military purpose fell away . 
  originally the fortress in the middle was separate from the small islands around it . 
  [ image from wikipedia ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/d/d9/wilhelmstein_steinhude.jpg ), 
  if you define ` women ' as adult females , a xor in ` women xor children ' works out the same as a non exclusive or . 
  i think this is supposed to be an or rather than an and . 
  well hitlers was already used to measure something else . 
  ( 1 hitler = 20 megadeths ) so the unit to measure foreign policy ambitions is measured in napoleons ( caesars is an older deprecated non si-unit ) . 
  how many milli-napoleons is a abridge to sweden worth ? 
  how do you measure ambition ? 
  is there an si unit named after someone to measure foreign policy ambitions in ? 
  you are correct . 
  funny thing about these ships . 
  they were dreadnoughts a revolutionary new type of ship that pretty much made all the ships that came before obsolete . 
  once the idea was out everyone tried to switch to the newer type of warship , which was why both brazil and the ottoman empire wanted to buy it and why the british wanted to keep it . 
  britain , having pretty much the most powerful navy in the world in those days , had a large number of now not very useful pre-dreadnought ships that were burning a hole in their pocket . 
  so once the ottomans were in the war this british guy called winston churchill who was in charge of the british navy back then came up with an idea . 
  if these old pre-dreadnought ships were not going to be any use in the near future they might as well sacrifice them for some gain while they still could . 
  a number of these ships would get sent to the ottoman empire into the dardanelles and get used up in the process of taking that strategically important point as they were not going to be much use for anything else . 
  the plan might seem cold blooded , but the british empire was spending lives worth measured in entire village and town populations each day in europe and the human costs of sacrificing some ships like this would pale into comparison with the human cost of sending in troops to take that area the hard way . 
  a brilliant cold blooded plan that did not take into account the people who were supposed to implement it . 
  those people decided that their ships were much to pretty to risk against the ottoman costal defenses and send in a large number of ground troops from the colonies instead . 
  that was horrible planned and implemented and a huge bunch of australians and new zeelanders suddenly found themselves in deep shit in a place called gallipoli fighting against a bunch of young turks as much as their own bad planning . 
  the ottoman empire eventually died following that , but one of the commanders who held that point against the british founded a new country out of its ashes , while the sacrifice of the many australians helped galvanize the creation of their own national identity at home . 
  if i remember things correctly some people who were part of that country might have disagree about it not being the same thing . 
  in fact on guy in particular disagreed about beeing ruled from austria so much , that he ended up assassinating the archduke who was the heir to the throne . 
  there were some geo-political consequences from that incident . 
  better than goths at least with their black makeup and shitty fashion and stupid music . 
  i assume that is for short trips on busses on trams during peak load times where they are unlikely to have to stand more than an hour and there is plenty of ventilation and perhaps even open windows . 
  horrible . 
  the news conference said something along the lines of each victim having only about the size of an a3 paper to stand on , which works out to 8 people per square meter . 
  that must have been hell . 
  at first i looks just like catholic countries vs protestant ones , but then i noticed greece . 
  i thought they were on a completely different religious calendar than catholics and protestants . 
  i assume that people in this context means something other than just human being . 
  there is probably some age minimum involved . 
  i am also wondering how exactly they define ` internet users ' . 
  people who have an internet access of their own or anyone who has ever wandered into a library , job-center or internet cafe to go online . 
  it would have been a bit more of an ethical dilemma if he had previously been a completely objective and neutral prosecutor who did his job no matter who he pissed of while doing it . 
  since he is obviously very far from objective and neutral and actively picked and choose what he wanted to prosecute , most famously refusing to do anything about the actual treason going with the bnd selling out german secrets while later going after journalist behind his bosses back and without informing him , nobody is going to have his back in this , least of all the german public . 
  old news . 
  range has since been allowed to retire from his government job . 
  you know , a fool a court jester should be a cabinet level post and part of all national and regional governments and parliaments in any properly run country . 
  they would have no actual power to do anything but be completely free to ridicule , criticize and tell the truth about anything and anyone . 
  that is more or less what the normal olympics started out as , is n't it ? 
  well , that should make the kurds happy , seeing as neither country has a track record of screwing them over or anything like that . 
  the map shows andorra , san marino and monaco , but does not feature the vatican . 
  anyone knows what brand the popemobil is nowadays ? 
  i think much of the distortion in northern europe could be attributed by them using a different map projection . 
  this is why you should use equal-area map projections when comparing the size of areas . 
  using a map projection that focuses on preserving something other than the size of areas , and then complaining that the size of areas are not accurately depicted is a bit stupid . 
  you use the right tool for the right job . 
  if you manage to injure yourself when trying to hammer in a screw than do n't come crying to me about how bad hammers are as tools . 
  well , this is self-reported . 
  people lie . 
  people lie to their partners , to surveys and to themselves . 
  is it okay if i informally still call it all simply holland or do the non-hollanders get upset about it like the non-english uk-citizens if you call them english ? 
  also , what part of the above diagram is technically fully part of the eu/schengen/eurozone ? 
  also note the stark divide between the formerly united countires of east - and west-malaysia . 
  so in german it would be : `` mischung aus weingummi , lakritze , schaum '' combining the german translation with the english `` to blend '' for mixing and the words on the label are almost but not quite in a language i can read . 
  you do realize , that if the reforms fail and greece really ditches the euro , that it might be trains full of young greeks next seeking to emigrate to a place where there might be jobs and a future ? 
  it seems the things things they measure may not be as relevant as they appear . 
  they measure * `` monetary poverty , material deprivation or low work intensity '' * and disregard that in some countries low work intensity can be a much bigger issue than in others . 
  if you live in a country with a functioning welfare system and ca n't find any regular work , you are going to be poor , however you are not going to be as poor and deprived as someone in a poorer country that does not offer as good welfare benefits . 
  it is very relative and not easily comparable across borders . 
  i think we have found out what was really the problem with the greek economy . 
  the problem is that by making the bureaucracy more efficient you end up getting rid of a lot of dead wood who then join the ranks of the unemployed . 
  increasing the numbers of unemployed at this point will further harm the economy as it will mean less people with disposable income spending money and keeping other people employed . 
  it would have been best to cut those jobs and reform the bureaucracy gradually over many years so that the unemployed could be abosorbed by the economy without too much trouble .
