  by only looking at the percentage of how much trash is recycled rather than how much trash recycled and non recycled is created in total per person or per household it may give some misleading impression of how green someone really is . 
  while the suspension railway has been modernized over the years , the original [ kaiserwagen ( emperor 's car ) ] ( http://i.imgur.com/8mdlzui.jpg ) still appears to be active and used for special occasions . 
  in case anyone was wondering why they build such a strange public transportation system in the first place : wuppertal is a city that lies in a valley ( german tal ) though which the river wupper flows . 
  by 1900 it was already incredibly built up and there was little room to built any sort of tram anywhere , however since the main part of the city was built along the river , a mode of transportation that mostly went up and down the river would reach a majority of places that needed to be reached . 
  so they built the railway on top of the river and suspended it directly over it for most of the line . 
  it appears that not all roads lead to rome . 
  i have been lied to . 
  nato was formed after wwii . 
  some sort of historical reenactment thing of the warsaw uprising or a bunch of football fans celebrating a bit too much ? 
  considering that one of the reason why we have the eu is to avoid another war in europe , promoting the eu at a remembrance of a past battle , seems not entirely inappropriate . 
  it is like telling people to make sure their fire extinguishers are up to date and their fire alarms have full batteries when remembering people who died in a fire . 
  are n't there actual north korean workers/slaves working in some remote places in russia . 
  i read a report a while back about some north koreans who were sent to some mine russia to earn the country some `` hard '' foreign currency and when some reporter managed to talk to them the workers actually had no idea they were in russia . 
  there is only one way to find out . 
  he is the one famous for throwing down his weapons at caesar 's feet is n't he . 
  i guess that is why they are starting with the thin end of the wedge . 
  cases where small children are the victims and stuff like that . 
  it is easier to convince your self that you are justified ratting someone out if what they did was bad enough . 
  in case anyone like me is not familiar with japanese prefecture flags , there is a list [ here . 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_japanese_flags#prefectural_flags ) while most fall into the pattern shown here , i think it is somewhat exaggerated as some prefectures have flags with something other than a single coloured filed with a small symbol in the centre . 
  [ ehime ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/2/2d/flag_of_ehime_prefecture.svg/320px-flag_of_ehime_prefecture.svg.png ) for example has stripes and [ hyogo ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/7/74/flag_of_hyogo_prefecture.svg/320px-flag_of_hyogo_prefecture.svg.png ) has a symbol taking up the entire flag . 
  i hope they make the star trek turbo-lift sound . 
  i see some posters here are not enthused about unimpressive this police station looks and i have to admit that it would likely not fare well in an `` assault on precinct 13 '' type of situation , but seeing as the combined population of the german and dutch villages does not break the 10,000 mark and appears to be overall about as peaceful as it gets , i do n't think this is actually a problem . 
  they do n't need a fortress , just a place where they can put some desks and type up paperwork and where walk in customers can come in for normal police business . 
  i do n't know how it is for the rest of the world , but i have seen similar small police offices in other places in germany where usually just a couple of officers sit during the day to be approachable to the public , while the main watch with all the supporting infrastructure is centralized father away . 
  it is sort of how the berlin wall fell . 
  50 years of no progress , then some protests putting more and more pressure on politicians and then a press conference where one guy did n't watch his words carefully enough and the wall came down as soon as the people saw him saying it on tv . 
  i like that they tried to find words with nice meanings that sounded like the names of countries in their own language . 
  germany is the `` country of virtue '' because they found some word that was sort of pronounced similarly to `` deutsch '' and that had a nice meaning and used the symbol for that to create the symbol for the country . 
  [ that reminds me of the monty python sketch about the philosopher 's worldcup . 
  ] ( https://youtu.be/b6ni1v7mwwa ), 
  pay bribes for higher pay ? 
  under which circumstances is that even a thing ? 
  paying your employer to pay you seems like very unlikely idea to me . 
  if i work for a small company with the boss and owner being the same person it could n't work at all . 
  in bigger companies the bosses who approve your pay hikes are themselves usually bribed/received bonuses based on how good they are at keeping costs down . 
  under what sort of mismangement could this work at all ? 
  we do n't really need an us style military unless we want to have bases around the world and be able to have some sort of military global dominance . 
  the focus should be on defense and the ability to send reasonably sized forces to aid and stabilize regions in the world where our presence wo n't make things worse and lead to blowback of resentment and terrorism . 
  no need to be a world police that makes the world safe to exploit for the interests of international business . 
  we do n't need to spend to much more on military . 
  what we can do is spend the money we already do smarter . 
  smarter than we do now and even smarter than they do in the us . 
  how hard can it be to copy and paste a name from the article ? 
  it says litres per capita but does n't give any timespan . 
  i guess per year , but who knows ? 
  so which year was this exactly ? 
  the map does n't say . 
  pirates of the bosporus . 
  is n't there a chines rocket launch planned this months that will beat this record ? 
  the long march 5 is supposed to be able to carry 14 tons to gto and it is supposed to make its second launch this month ( the first time was geo not gto according to google ), 
  funny they never expressed that fear when it came to nudity and phonography being the thin edge of the wedge . 
  what is up with the caucasus ? 
  i would n't think they would get much tourism or anything like that . 
  too many campaigns end up being about stuff on the national level even when you are electing on the european or regional level . 
  it turns the vote into a show of hands about how much you like or dislike the current national politics and is stupid . 
  the pool makes more sense , seeing as he was an olympic level swimmer before becoming a movie star . 
  he does realize that google maps is not actually real time and people can still [ see the square ] ( https://www.google.com/maps/place/37%c2%b059'03.0%22n+23%c2%b043'40.0%22e/@37.9838078,23.7276017,156m/data=!3m1!1e3!4m5!3m4!1s0x0:0x0!8m2!3d37.984167!4d23.727778?hl=en ) as it was when the last aerial pictures were taken ? 
  i am sure the pope may still sneak into the country across some unguarded border crossing . 
  you ca n't keep him out forever . 
  the values i gave where gdp per capita ppp from the imf from 2016 , maybe yours are older . 
  that list is missing european countries with higher per capita gdp ( ppp ) like luxembourg ( $ 104,003 ) , norway ( $ 69,249 ) , ireland ( $ 69,231 ) , switzerland ( $ 59,56 ) , netherlands ( $ 51,049 ) , sweden ( $ 49,836 ) etc. 
  also the highest per capita gdp among us territories would be washington dc which has almost 3 times as much as the highest state . 
  it is not a good indicator of wealth of the average person living there in any case . 
  * `` as always , should you or any of your team be caught or killed , the government will disavow any knowledge of your actions . 
  this message will self-destruct in five seconds . 
  [ issue # 37 of `` the boys '' ] ( http://i.imgur.com/57ipjjs.jpg ) it is a comic book series from garth ennis that combines two of his favorite things : violence and shitting on the concept of super-hero comics . 
  some people think that makes it somehow cool and edgy . 
  the above sequence is taken from the supposed backstory of a character who is named `` the frenchman '' and who may not actually be french and the entire flashback may very well be completely made up . 
  it is a silly thing . 
  we used to elect our emperor also known as the king of romans . 
  well not everyone had a vote , just the electors ( kurf\u00fcrsten ) but there was vote . 
  i think there was a brief fad of stuff like this going around germany at that time , that also resulted in songs like boney m 's rasputin . 
  well it is not like we have n't had prototypes of `` flying cars '' that were only a few years away from being commercially available for decades now . 
  new designs have come up over the years , but all these failed to address the main problems of cost and safety . 
  with the advent of automation the safety aspect can be reduced a bit . 
  you certainly would n't want any idiot to fly a car around , there are reasons why getting a pilot license is much harder than getting a drivers license . 
  still vtol craft are inherently a lot more unsafe to use than ground cars and the smaller these crafts are the less likely they are to fall out of the sky and kill everyone aboard . 
  the cost thing is also an issue . 
  even if you believe their claims about range and speed ( which you probably should n't ) it still has to be cheaper than a light aircraft or helicopter doing the same job . 
  unless a miracle happens those `` flying cars '' will be treated like every other plane in the sky be regulators meaning you can `` drive '' them from airport to airport for which there are cheaper and safer options . 
  a long time by german standards at least . 
  i think assassination should count as a natural cause of death for a roman emperor . 
  so i guess may does n't think there are any pressing issues for her government with any deadlines or anything that the comming farce of lying to the public for votes might distract her from . 
  or is that perhaps the goal to prevent a timely brexit negotiation to blame it on someone else ? 
  i think that `` no war '' aspect is something that people tend to overlook a bit too much in this discussion . 
  it is worth a whole lot . 
  was the uk ever really in the space race outside perhaps some dan dare comics ? 
  i see the guy who decided to present the top 20 in an unordered list with bullet points rather than an ordered list with numbers was the product of number 6 , at least i think so . 
  it is sort of hard to tell seeing as they left out the numbers . 
  paris looks rather isolated next to the bright stretch of continuous light of the blue banana . 
  the us , europe , india are clearly defined while africa , south america and australia are only hinted at . 
  in the middle east we can see israel with its bright streaks westward , what i assume to be mostly turkey and east of it what looks like tehran and and a whole lot of nothing until you his india . 
  tokyo appears to be the brightest spot overall with streaks of light mainly reaching out to the rest of japan , south korea and china . 
  every summer i contemplate sending a nice letter to the bahn to inform them that it is very likely to snow in the coming winter and that there might also be ice so they wo n't be entirely unprepared that year . 
  every year i do n't actually i do it because i think they surely must have caught on by now and done something . 
  at least it saves me postage . 
  i will have to remember that subreddit . 
  it has potential . 
  it makes a lot more sense to make different notes in different sizes than to make all you paper money exactly the same size and nearly the same color and design .
