  nobody but themselves seems to have seen poland and the czech republic as anything most or least . 
  i think plate tectonics would be perhaps the worst definition . 
  there is no real european plate , just an eurasian plate that includes much of europe and asia . 
  the plate boundaries get rather fuzzy when it comes to most of the mediterranean and much of what we consider to be europe could be argued to be not europe if you went by plate tectonics alone . 
  mostly europe is defined not by any rule that makes actual sense but by tradition and convenience . 
  just look at the islands that are considered part of europe : malta is in europe , iceland is in europe , cyprus is in europe , greenland is in europe . 
  most of these are in europe by the same virtue that pluto used to be a planet . 
  if any sane and methodical person were to categorize these things today without politics , culture and tradition in mind it would look very different . 
  it is not like this would be the only reason to lay new cables . 
  a more direct internet connection between finland and germany will be helpful to anyone using the internet to connect from or via one of the two countries to or through the other . 
  granted this will be massively more useful for finland than for germany , but more connections are always a good thing . 
  i have an idea . 
  lets make a special european wide tax on anyone who works in a managerial position in a financial institution or anyone who owns stock in any banks to finance this bailout . 
  i did n't even know we had this many trailer parks in europe ... 
  actually i think that in many cases different parts of a countries mostly make fun of other parts of the same country . 
  i think there might have been one more country between italy and denmark besides germany that needed to be tunnelled underneath . 
  it would put the entire business again into illegal . 
  customer 's wo n't want to involve the police or the courts and prostitutes will have to follow them into the illegal if they want to keep them . 
  as soon as one aspect of something is illegal an entire eco-system of crime grows around it . 
  it is a bad idea . 
  it should be noted that the law from 2002 did not in fact make prostitution legal . 
  it was mostly legal before that . 
  what did change was that contracts that involved sex as a service were not considered legally binding before that . 
  with the law prostitutes got most of the same legal protections as any other job . 
  another change that happened at the same time was that pimping was legal as long as it served to provide a proper workplace . 
  the idea behind that law was to take prostitution out of the legal twilight it was in and give prostitutes legal protections , like being able to call the police or even go to court if something goes wrong without having to fear being punished themselves . 
  it was designed to keep women from being exploited as easily . 
  it might be argued that it achieved that goal at least with moderate success . 
  unfortunately nowadays there are a lot of women being exploited that still can appeal to the system because they are in a different grey legal area . 
  they are the victims of human trafficking and have to fear being deported back home if they go to the police to complain about mistreatment . 
  this is not the fault of the law . 
  in my opinion the system should always seek to fix things so that there are as few disenfranchised people as possible . 
  having lots of people around who ca n't appeal to the system just breads more crime , violence and abuse . 
  instead of banning prostitution and making all prostitutes right-less criminals again , the government should seek to take away the power of the human traffickers by a combination of amnesty for the victims and harder punishments for the traffickers . 
  why is turkey only in yellow on that map ? 
  considering their attitude towards censorship and their propensity to jailing journalists i would have expected turkey to be near the bottom of any list comparing press freedom . 
  you know , i never really made the connection between danish '' \u00f8l '' and the english word `` ale '' before . 
  til . 
   / u/pablospicyweiner is correct except for the ` laufen ' instead of ` gehen ' bit that / u/matrisylva pointed out . 
  ( i never got the hang of interpuction so i am not sure if there needs to be a comma somewhere in there , but / u/fforw makes a good argument . 
  i usually just throw them in where they are the most aesthetically pleasing . ), 
  i expect that they are not exactly going there to negotiate for our privacy . 
  it sounds like maybe a coalition broke up over this disagreement . 
  whet is left of the government either continues with a minority rules or they have enough votes even without that partner . 
  spying on people outside of the us was their original mandate and reason for existence . 
  it is the fact that they have expanded to include their own people that many have questioned . 
  for those of us outside the us who are technically legitimate targets for their surveillance efforts , the questions is why our own governments and the global companies that we are customers to helped them so much with that . 
  i guess it depends a lot on the type and size of the employer and the type of job . 
  large corporations with lots of entry level positions that get filled regularly have developed their own strange systems to streamline the process as much a possible , while smaller business have more informal application processes . 
  i ca n't say i have seen that particular type of nonsense before , but i have n't been looking for a job recently either . 
  do n't try to drag us into that mess . 
  yes , diagram not graph . 
  [ this would be much easier if euler did n't have so much stuff named after him . 
  ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_things_named_after_leonhard_euler ) he is like a sim\u00f3n bol\u00edvar of math . 
  i guess i should have gone with calling it a venn diagram instead . 
  i like the euler graph at wikipedia that tries to show the level of european integration : [ supranational european bodies ] ( http://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/1/1a/supranational_european_bodies-en.svg/1000px-supranational_european_bodies-en.svg.png ) it shows quite well the sheer multitude of different levels of belonging in one way or another to the european integration effort . 
  the whole thing is quite insane when you think about it . 
  think about it this way : some guy who does n't have a job now would be hired so they would have enough people to staff the shop 24/7 . 
  if the alternatives are no job and a job with inconvenient hours , i would personally prefer the latter . 
  an argument against legalizing 24/7 shop opening hours , that i would admit is the fact that people would n't actually start buying all that much more . 
  impulse shopping for luxuries would be up , but things like groceries would remain as it is . 
  so depending on they type of shop they would have only little more revenue . 
  since much of retail already works on thin margins , they would likely have to raise prices to pay all these extra workers . 
  large franchise chains would have an easier time dealing with 24/7 opening hours than small mom and pop shops . 
  still overall i think i would prefer a system where shops are actually open while i am not at work . 
  yes , shops being open 24/7 was one thing that genuinely impressed me when i was in the us . 
  i miss it . 
  so was d\u00d6f ( deutsch-\u00d6sterreichisches feingef\u00fchl / german-austrian sensitivity ) , at least partly . 
  it even says so in the name . 
  also their song codo sounds a lot like the theme from buffy , the vampire slayer . 
  cgpgrey ( aka redditor / u/mindofmetalandwheels ) has made a nice video explaining [ mixed-member proportional representation ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qt0i-sdosxu ) in general terms . 
  the specific german implementation of it is not too different . 
  not nearly as suicidal as trying to stop a french nuclear test . 
  while the delivery comes across as a joke and got downvoted , i feel that this is actually a good question . 
  poaching a few stag heads is not the sort of thing you decide to escalate to a homicidal and suicidal last stand . 
  not if you are even remotely sane . 
  i guess the first police officer could have been in the heat of the moment and the others because he figured that at this point he could n't really make things any worse for himself and decided to kill as many as he could . 
  it is also possible that he is simply just that crazy . 
  however the idea that he had a guilty conscience about more than some poaching might not be entirely far fetched . 
  the whole gun collector combined with his taking trophies at least indicate a certain lack of mental balance . 
  i hope that they look though his computer for childporn , dig up his entire property for bodies and look though his cellar for any hidden dungeons just to be sure . 
  i am unconvinced that crashing the expensive rc toy was actually part of their plan . 
  the internet is in my pocket . 
  i would have to look for an atm . 
  besides i do n't see the benefit of doing my banking while a row of impatient strangers mighty be waiting behind me . 
  yes there are terminals to transfer money and other stuff at the banks next to the atms and account statement printers , but nobody i know uses them unless they are somehow prevented from doing it online . 
  the last time i used one of these was when i managed to break my card reader and had to transfer some money quickly . 
  a map with pie charts for many european countries representing the distribution of y-chromosome dna haplogroups among the countries population . 
  there is a legend on top that links haplogoups with ethnicities , giving perhaps a wrong impression . 
  these haplogroups actually only show paterlinial descent not ethnicity . 
  so the chart might be a bit misleading . 
  it works something like this : you get your y-chromosome from your father who got his from his father and so on . 
  you have a near perfect copy of your many time great grandfather 's y-chromosome . 
  think of it like an ( idealized ) surname name . 
  if you are a man named smith you had a father named smith and his father also named smith . 
  it does n't matter that of your 8 great-grandparents only your one great-grandfather was born a smith . 
  based on surname name analysis you are classed as a ` smith ' even though most of your other great-grandparents had names like wang , li , chang or chao and you look like that too . 
  all you can tell from an y-chromosome is who you share a male-line ancestor with . 
  i think the takeaway is more that american corporations and datacentres owned or located by us corporations are unsuitable to process international monetary transactions . 
  here is an article from the zeit in german that goes into a bit more detail : [ nsa bespitzelt bankendienstleister swift ] ( http://www.zeit.de/digital/internet/2013-09/nsa-brasilien-snowden-swift-google-petrobas ) if you have transferred money from one account to another in a different european country you have been using swift .
