but the wide-spread stance within the left on gmos , as well as the silent acceptance of the antivax movement your assuming alot of the world population agree no something when you say that . 
  if anything its the hardcore right that follow antivax . 
  but then again i dont place an idea on an entire wing of the political spectrum . 
  im really glad their with us , i can remember roughly the news when it happened , being only 8 years old when they did . 
  i cant imagine an eu without the likes of hungry , latvia and lithuania , nevermind poland and the czech republic !, 
  america has the first recorded use of a concentration camp , used on indians . 
  its still an alliance , you trying to act as if they just dont have a standing army or something . 
  your judging from your side ... you cant put that forward considering you dont know how their economy works or what their peoples interests are . 
  you cant create , lead and be apart of nato and then complain about commitments . 
  silly me , i thought their were 27 other countries in nato . 
  when can we get the moon flair, 
  every website in the world is saying leipzig is the new place to live , but if you have to say that before hand i think thats a pretty clear sign that its not cool, 
  i doubt i 'd be able to live in berlin , im an engineer and it seems like west germany is the only place id find work unless i could start something in berlin of my own . 
  do you think berlin is on par with paris/rome with tourism ? 
  haha i think it was a case of having a beer on the train to potsdam or having a beer with a wurst around the city . 
  to be honest i come from a country with alcohol problems and social drinking issues so i being able to drink in public without judgement is ideal . 
  the last thing i 'd want to do my moving to any city in the world is try and change it by bringing in my own culture.the idea of berlin becoming a nyc or london , over-priced houses for the rich to live in makes my skin crawl, 
  i came to berlin for my birthday in may last year and i was that easyjet tourist with a beer in hand and checking out the tiergarten and flea markets how can you combat the problems that berlin has when people fall in love with the place ? 
  id love to live and work in berlin , its an amazing city with so much character , but the idea of being the problem to something you love is pretty terrifying . 
  dont know much about the laws since i 've never even thought of it once but i just know that you have a similar system to op 's . 
  street level ; wandering around major landmarks late late late at night or just on street corners in the really bad parts of towns apartment - their are houses that are just brothels disguised as hotels or b&b 's , some students do it as well ive heard . 
  pretty common i think in the student area of belfast . 
  luxury and beyond - dont know anything about them besides escorts and girlfriend experiences , its not really a big thing in my country . 
  sorry for little info , most of my friends just go to mainland europe if their looking for any and the only prostitutes i hear about in the news are brothels that are normal houses that you can check out online and shit . 
  not ever exciting or mysterious . 
  law wise , pretty sure its illegal . 
  like a junta they had in the 70 's and stuff ? 
  if only someone could edit [ this gif ] ( http://i.imgur.com/jojubia.gif ) and make it merkle changing eu to 4th reich or eussr . 
  im pro-eu before anyone loses their shit, 
  im being coy my friend , [ article 7 ( and even article 2 , which wouldnt be used in this case ) ] ( http://eur-lex.europa.eu/legal-content/en/txt/?uri=uriserv%3al33500 ) are not under the [ voting areas ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/voting_in_the_council_of_the_european_union#policy_areas ) that the lisbon treaty effected . 
  which area does `` poland being locked from its voting rights '' cover in the lisbon treaty, 
  do you mean a civil war within greece ? 
  i dont get the deal either , its the stupidest way of dealing with the crisis i have ever heard . 
  damn you got me * takes off mask * its been me , stalin , the whole time !, 
  how do you think this should be resolved ? 
  have you run into any refugees personally or anyone you know ? 
  living 2 islands off the mainland , we 've had like 2 refugees come here in the news and they 've both integrated really well, 
  inb4 someone implies eu is new soviet union . 
  poland signed up for this when they joined the eu . 
  poland can leave the eu if they dont agree , that 's the whole point of being apart of a governing union of many states . 
  the eu is pissed because poland has started doing sketchy stuff with its democracy . 
  removal of tribunal review of legislation put through by the government , for example , by the justice system within poland . 
  basically the government has implemented a very small way in which it can possibly by pass the constitution to bring about laws that are un-constitutional . 
  this is apart of some other laws ( like media control i think ) that have the eu saying `` thats not very democratic , you should fix that or we 'll have to block your eu control '' . 
  polish redditers , correct me if im wrong please . 
  this is the cross-road we stand on for the eu , people dont want further integration or any other build onto the system ( like a police force or border force , something that this refugee crisis has highlighted we need ) . 
  we need to decide whether we want to create an eu that is like a semi-nation or union , where we have some ideas on our borders and share responsiblity for our laws like freedom of movement , or just keep it as a way for a group of countries to work together better . 
  i understand , you usually assume people move somewhere because they want to but i forget some people want to move for a job or a necessity like that . 
  its just baiting , the british press love causing a stir , sells more papers . 
  bbc is neutral as it comes but in all honesty you 'll never get a neutral look on brexit . 
  i said before in another comment , right wing isnt fascist or nazi in my meaning , i mean traditional or conservative . 
  national or culturally focused rather than capitalist or austerity or racists etc, 
  im joking , jesus chist, 
  i think the term right wing is being conflicted , right wing in uk means conservative , traditional . 
  i dont mean nazi or fascist . 
  im just glad i can use my dual-nationality if we leave the eu , the brexit camp is just pumping out so much bullshit and factless patriotism and everyones just eating it up . 
  the best way to fix the eu is to be apart of it , i doubt any one country in the eu doesnt want major changes towards a more democratic and less expansionist system . 
  we dont need more countries coming into the system when its so unstable . 
  i kind of use both the west vs east for comparing political ideologies in my mind since they 've followed the same kind of trend over the last 100-70 years of going from fascism to communism to democracy to right wing politics . 
  however the cultural split is more in line with what society is like today . 
  edit : just for reference , sorry if it looks like i mean right wing as in nazi/racist/facist or anything , i mean conservative or traditional . 
  even though you bastards say shit about the rest of europe , we will welcome you with open arms ... when you become apart of our empire blyat, 
  why is the us higher than the uk ? 
  healthcare and education is bs for a start considering both are so expensive . 
  not being afraid of serbians stopping their civl war and slicing through europe straight to your family ? 
  your a fool, 
  as in oui . 
  this always confuses me so much , i can comprehend out of all the countries in the world , that id move to a country that i wouldnt want to fit into or at least try and like the people around me . 
  if you dont like somewhere theirs other options that closing yourself in or failing to pick up the culture . 
  wow , i heard something along these lines but i thought it was some bs thing . 
  it does kind of make sense when you think of the community you can build from something like that . 
  in my opinion as a moderate unionist ( as in i want a union but i wont fight democracy if the people want a united ireland ) , i just want to build up my country , i love my irish ethnicity and i have nothing but love for my irish brothers . 
  thats all i want in the end of the day . 
  a celtic tiger of our own in the north , so we can live our lives without fear of bombs or religious strife . 
  yes mate , got my tickets sorted , flights sorted and a villa with my family . 
  what about yourself ? 
  haha i can dream . 
  im not talking about the european union , i was trying to say that in the post . 
  i dont mean the eu at all . 
  i mean europe as a whole . 
  political opinions aisde . 
  aw cool !, 
  mines going up on my wall , collecting a few flags from my travels . 
  i have an austrian , german , polish , czech republic and your croatian flag too . 
  edit : and i didnt know it was the flag of europe either . 
  thanks, 
  hey man im just sharing how i feel . 
  my view isnt well accepted where i live , and its not accepted by nationalists either . 
  ill fix the spelling , i have mild dyslexia . 
  i dont know how to add the comment to the main post but it was more of a love story to my fellow europeans than anything to do with the eu ... but we dont have a european flag . 
  you can have your opinions on the eu but for someone like me sitting in the middle of the atlantic ( it feels that way sometimes ) not connected to the mainland and surrounded by people who hate me for loving my own country , you guys are all that make me feel connected to a society besides my own . 
  what am saying is your all alright . 
  even the french . 
  id say about the same here ( northern ireland ) , although pork is still regarded as a quality meat when its cooked right . 
  the statement of `` significant minority '' is a contradiction . 
  the whole idea of a minority is that they are smaller in number than another group . 
  why should you change your countries culture to suit people from outside its cultures needs ? 
  why do they come to your country if they cant accept its existing state . 
  oh really ? 
  is pork considered a cheap food in germany ?
