what decade do the brexiters want to return to ? 
  come on !, 
  watch as trump 's america collapses without our tech industry . 
  if it makes you feel better , turkey is rapidly going downhill while poland is doing the opposite . 
  wow , i have never heard a politician say that about their own country . 
  farage comes off as a piece of shit . 
  war is a human thing , but in the future , in a couple decades i 'm confident that combat aircraft will be automated . 
  in the future the only humans in the military could be strategists and maintenance staff . 
  it seems like it , but the dod has been working on the technology for decades . 
  ai technology has been advancing rapidly too , almost everyone who works in engineering or keeps up on engineering agrees that automation will take over the military . 
  the next generation of fighter jets ( replacements for the f-22 and f-35 ) will most likely be fully automated . 
  by then we should have better technology , such as materials that can withstand sustained mach 3 speeds , direct energy weapons , and improved missile technology . 
  also they wo n't be constrained by human limitations . 
  these planes will be lighter and smaller because they wo n't need life support systems or a cockpit . 
  also we 're at least 20 to 30 years away from this happening . 
  our air forces have always been trying to automate combat aircraft to replace manned aircraft since the 90s when an ai successfully landed an f/a -18 on a carrier . 
  stay out of red states folks . 
  no a human ca n't maintain g-forces that high without passing out . 
  drones on the other hand have no limit . 
  the technology is n't there yet . 
  but the successors to the f-22 and f-35 will most likely be fully automated . 
  the only people who use the term unironically here are hicks . 
  wo n't happen , turkey 's location is of strategic importance to nato and they have a joint nato base along with a us navy base . 
  i doubt turkey will be kicked out of nato unless they do something stupid like attack greece . 
  the former satellite states of the ussr would gladly disagree . 
  that fact that it 's older generations supporting far right candidates is n't surprising . 
  but what 's with france 's young people supporting french donald trump/marine le pen ? 
  america : send help, 
  i 'm proud to say we may have started the trend for decolonization and independence . 
  this is a bit more comforting now that le pen is n't in the lead for the 1st round of elections . 
  but there 's still a long way to go and a lot can change when it comes to voter opinion . 
  so i would n't get complacent just yet . 
  its not as funny as it would be if you lived here . 
  sounds like she persisted . 
  this is troubling news as an america who wants to go to germany . 
  yes please . 
  what is everyone talking about ? 
  europe clearly has ravenous hordes of muslims raping and pillaging . 
  some of which i assume are good people . 
  sweden is a war zone !, 
  maga / s anyways no surprise here that america has a low peace score . 
  the original plan was to replace the f-15 fleet with 750 f-22s , then the number dwindled down to 500 , then to 400 , and lastly the 187 raptors that are considered by usaf command to be the minimum amount of raptors they need to be on the edge of military aviation . 
  the f-16 will be replaced by the f-35 and older f-15 airframes have been replaced by the f-22 while newer f-15s are meant to be used as support fighters for the f-22 . 
  in hindsight , the us should have exported the f-22 exclusively to nato allies and close allies like japan and australia . 
  in any hypothetical war involving 5th generation fighters america would have to carry the brunt of air superiority operations against enemy aircraft . 
  eurofighter typhoons and dassault rafales wo n't be able to get within 20 miles of a stealth fighter before being destroyed by bvr missiles . 
  the f-35 in stealth configuration can only carry at most two radar guided missiles and two infrared missiles , not enough for an enemy that could launch combat air patrols that number in the hundreds . 
  they banned f-22 export in a time when russia and china developing stealth planes was an impossibility rather than an inevitability . 
  almost every f1 team has engineering hqs in england . 
  even mercedes benz and renault . 
  haas is the only exception to this ( and hrt but they stopped existing after 2012 ) . 
  is this because they 're worried about le pen winning the first round of elections ? 
  well that 's one place to avoid for when i go to europe . 
  what are her chances of winning again ? 
  i 'm really hoping french donald trump loses . 
  wow . 
  our voter base is depressingly similar . 
  be careful about far right populism . 
  do not let europe commit the same mistake at made . 
  also bannon is trying to start up breitbart germany . 
  american beer is better than german beer ^ i 'm ^ kidding ^ i ^ love ^ hefeweizens, 
  yes, 
  that sounds familiar to the situation in america with anti-latino sentiment . 
  its okay , the thalmor lost to macron in france and they will lose once-more in germany to the calm mind of merkel . 
  yeah , the great forest of cyrodiil is a beautiful place . 
  no , i 'm not more likely for any type of terror attack . 
  however , islamic terror attacks tend to be better planned , such as 9/11 , and that required years upon years of planning . 
  but other than that , the likelihood of an average american such as myself being subject to any type of terror attack is extremely small . 
  i have a better chance of being killed by heart disease or a car crash , so statistically speaking , terror attacks are very low on the `` things that could kill an american '' totem pole . 
  statistically speaking , the most likely type of terrorist attack in america is anti-abortion terrorism . 
  events like 9/11 and the orlando shootings are far less common than abortion clinic bombings or shootings . 
  actually according to that , terrorist attacks in america have been predominately conducted by non-muslims . 
  also according to that , the deadliest terrorist attacks other then 9/11 were the oklahoma city bombing conducted by a far-right terrorist along with the tulsa race riots which was conducted by white mobs against blacks . 
  so as it stands , the fbi still has white supremacists and other far-right groups listed as terror threats . 
  not only that but due to the recent political climate , hate crimes against minorities have increased . 
  so i 'd say that americans are more likely to be at risk of a terrorist attack conducted by far right groups than muslims . 
  even then you ca n't ignore the fact that islamic terrorism is a lesser threat than far-right white supremacist terrorism in america when there 's an air of islamophobia in america . 
  from my understanding from what a pmc told me is that pmcs ( at least in america ) are heavily regulated ( or at least supposed to be ) and are solely used in areas the military does n't want to spend resources on like security detail , maintenance work , or training forces like the afghan or iraqi army . 
  that being said , i do n't support the us government utilizing funds for pmcs because of how dodgy pmcs can be what he also told me is that african pmcs are essentially mercenary groups masquerading as pmcs , which did n't really surprise me . 
  i did n't know that american pmcs have combat aircraft , afaik it was mostly african pmcs using secondhand russian combat aircraft and former russian air force pilots . 
  they 're also used as security for commercial vessels at risk of piracy . 
  pmc is the politically correct term for mercenary . 
  we 've actually had more terrorist attacks by far right christian whites . 
  the fbi actually ruled that far-right christian white supremacists were a more likely terror threat than islamist extremists . 
  hahahahhahahahahahahhahhahahhahhahhahahhahhahahhahahhahahhahhahahhahhahahhahahahaha !!, 
  i should be asking that about you after going through your post history . 
  yep , trump completely cut the national endowment for the arts out of spite . 
  fossil fuel companies worldwide have extensive r&d programs for alternative energy for when the oil runs out . 
  in america such companies get subsidies for alternative energy r&d even if they 're oil companies . 
  so tillerson wanting to be in the paris agreement is not exactly altruistic . 
  especially when trump wants to cut green energy subsidies . 
  there 's also the fact that paris agreement signatories ( which is the entire world save for syria and nicaragua ) could very well place sanctions on american fossil fuel products in retaliation for backing out of the paris agreement which is why coal stocks have been dropping here in america . 
  because investors are worried this will happen . 
  considering how much the international community hates trump with only putin and duterte showing any positive reception for him . 
  it feels like we 're becoming a pariah state shunned by the world . 
  not for atrocity or crimes against humanity . 
  but sheer presidential incompetence that has never been seen before in american history . 
  i wo n't say pray for us because that does n't do anything . 
  but instead , vote for rational leaders that do n't campaign like demagogues and actually understand the importance of the sciences in your own nations . 
  that 's satire right ?
