  that 's because your country does n't have too much to do with brazil . 
  sure , it 's a big country , but you have very little cooperation and it 's located far away from you so you 're not too interested in what they do . 
  you guys would love to tap the phones of american , british , german , russian and finnish president and prime minister if you had the chance . 
  who knows , maybe you already have . 
  everyone spies on everyone . 
  if you do n't , you 're digging your own grave in international politics . 
  we should n't pretend that any country is n't spying . 
  all countries are n't spying as much as some but that 's just a matter of limited resources and budget . 
  deutchsland ( unless it 's winter ) :d, 
  i do n't think we have any vocal-only words in finnish . 
  wait , we do : y\u00f6 . 
  at least they 're not too common . 
  oh , most definitely . 
  i must 've misunderstood you . 
  they 're no superhumans . 
  they 're regular folks , with more resources and specific tasks . 
  makes sense , thanks for the clarification . 
  yes , i have n't figured out how to type in cyrillic ( have n't had much need , to be honest ) and did n't think of copy pasting it from somewhere . 
  interestingly canada is the country that i consider to be the closest to finland in many ways . 
  and i 'm pretty sure i 'm not alone on this subject . 
  and i have no idea how it happened . 
  i do n't think the natives of finland ( sami people ) were too fond of the `` original finns '' moving here either . 
  nowadays they are a minority and they are very rarely even brought up . 
  i guess you guys did a fine job in canada , do n't they still kind of like you guys ? 
  how would you actually pronounce that ? 
  i think you `` pronounce '' like us ( basically as we write ) but i ca n't figure out \u00f5 . 
  depending on the kind of work you would be doing , you could get by well with just english ( we tend to speak english pretty well , especially the ones of us with high education ) . 
  not to mention we 're not too hard on foreigners for grammatic errors . 
  we know our language is really hard to lean ( as you really have nothing to compare it to ) and it 's usually rather easy to understand broken finnish ( way easier than broken english , imo ) . 
  if we ca n't harm the places we colonize , they 're not worth colonizing ( if history is an indication ) . 
  to be fair , i do n't think that even the combined military power of the nordic countries could have stood up to russia . 
  taavi is a name for male in finnish ( ludwig von drake , from donald duck , is actually taavi ankka in finnish ) . 
  as you are curious and finnish is kinda close , we call you yhdysvallat ( basically united states ) in official context . 
  we commonly refer to you as amerikka , usa or `` jenkit '' too ( probably from the term yank , is it derogatory ? 
  since most estonians learn russian , is \u0160 like the `` sh '' sound ( the `` s '' that looks like w ) ? 
  we commonly call the netherlands hollanti ( holland is derogatory term for the netherlands , afaik ) but we do have alankomaat too . 
  though i only ever hear alankomaat in official context . 
  we do have the f sound and letter , we just do n't use it in any of our non-adapted words . 
  portugali in finnish . 
  and here i was thinking our languages are at least somewhat similiar . 
  i do n't think we even have triple vovels in any commonly used word ( h\u00e4\u00e4y\u00f6aie , as pointed out by kela3000 , is basically 3 distinct words put together to form a new word ) . 
  also tyskland in swedish . 
  saksa in finnish . 
  not to mention it 's one of the hardest languages for foreigners to learn ( unless you 're estonian or maybe hungarian , as those languages belong to the same langauge family ) . 
  my family actually refers to the childhood home of my mom 's ( and his brothers ) and my grandfather 's neighbor 's house with house names nowadays . 
  that 's mostly because mummola is n't appliable anymore and the neighbor has died and the house has been passed on so we ca n't refer to it as xxxn talon ( xxx 's house ) anymore . 
  one of my primary school teachers once said that - nen actually means small version of whatever is before the suffix . 
  that only goes for surnames though . 
  and i 'm not too sure on the correctness of that one either . 
  for example , h\u00e4kkinen ( as in , mika h\u00e4kkinen ) would ( by this logic ) mean small cage ( h\u00e4kki = cage ) . 
  and m\u00e4kinen ( as in , tommi m\u00e4kinen ) would mean small hill ( m\u00e4ki = hill ) . 
  portugali in finnish . 
  that extra i makes all the difference . 
  it 's really sad how little coverage the smaller nations get in mainstream media . 
  if you are n't sweden , russia , france , germany , uk , some european country in financial crisis or us you 're most likely not getting any coverage until shit goes down . 
  i honestly know more about the `` traditional '' eastern europe ( and that is n't much either ) than i do about lithuania and latvia . 
  and it 's not that i 'm not interested . 
  it might be that i 'm not interested enough to basically go out and look for the information but if there 's an easy way to acquire it ( media coverage , friend , web discussion etc. 
  what 's your language like ? 
  does it resemble any other european language ? 
  that sounds reasonable . 
  but on the other hand , i have at least some hope in these secret agencies and that they 're doing their jobs at least somewhat decently . 
  i 've heard couple of visiting lectures from the finnish ones and have generally been involved in courses that handle the subject . 
  i 'm not saying that they are all necessary good but most of them are decent enough from my understanding . 
  norway would be doing itself a disfavor if it did n't at least attemt to spy on russia . 
  everyone spies on everyone and if you 're not aware of what the biggest players are up to , you 're gon na have a bad time . 
  if you do n't mind , could you explain where the offensiveness of the term `` polack '' ( in a video game , i played lots of people called polish people polaks , which is seemingly just a variation ) comes from ? 
  i 'm genuinely interested as i have come across the term before but could n't quite figure out why it 's offensive . 
  sadly the only time i 've heard of you guys in recent media was when you had the accident with the store 's roof falling ( please do n't tell me i 'm confusing you with lithuania here ) . 
  did the helicopter service get shut down after one of the choppers fell/crashed or was there some other reason ? 
  please do , i 'm genuinely interested in the baltics ( and especially estonia , the 3-5 guys i 've met of you have been some of the most awesome people i 've come across ) . 
  if you do n't want to do it on public , send me a pm if you could . 
   it 's already happening with bigger estonian it companies which have set up offices in finland : their quality is high , people work hard and they can offer lower prices than local finnish it companies . 
  if their quality is high they can offer better quality on top of lower prices when compared to the big finnish it companies ( who are known for basically fucking every project up ) . 
  that did catch a lot of media attention though . 
  and it sparked a lot of discussion on the topic of homosexuality . 
  and the homophobic parties did n't stay silent in that discussion . 
  but yeah , they 're a minority and we 're pretty good in that regard . 
  i would n't call it incredibly incorrect . 
  sure , it 's incorrect as the anti-gay people are mostly a minority ( and vocal one at that ) but especially older people seem to have trouble accepting gays as normal human beings . 
  though , compared to russians , our homophobes are just a little buzzing in the background . 
  good point . 
  it might be organisational weakness . 
  bureaucratic failure seems pretty common in finland , too . 
  now that you mention it i remember hearing the germans criticising the intelligence agency ( sent intelligence/law enforcement information unecrypted or using an encryption so weak that it was basically unencrypted ) . 
  let 's hope that you guys can sort those problems out , for the sake of eu and europe . 
  i actually studied a course where that was talked about for a couple of lectures and we had some german students there . 
  they were smart , could process the concepts fast and were generally knowledgeable . 
  do n't sell your people short ( and it 's not like i 'm too confident in finnish intelligence agencies judging by what i know but then again it 's kind of their job to make sure i do n't know too much ) . 
  to be fair , us/nsa tapping merkel 's phone should not come as a surprise to german intelligence authorities or they are not very good at their jobs . 
  that 's pretty basic intelligence gathering . 
  3 years in junior high scool , 2 years in senior high but you can go to vocational school instead of senior high and there you only have like one or two courses ( afaik ) and you can avoid those , if you work hard on other subjects . 
  you also need to prove you 're good enough in swedish in university and polytechnic but it 's only 2 ects worth of studies . 
  it 's called officer 's swedish . 
  for comparison , we start studying english 3 years before we start studying swedish and have many more english lessons after junior high . 
  sweden is a second official language in finland . 
  it 's mostly spoken along the southern and southwestern coast and islands . 
  many of the swedish speaking families are old and rich so their opinions and matters are overpresented in politics . 
  everyone is forced to study swedish . 
  this causes lots of bad blood and is a constant discussion .
