allying with russia or china is a good point i had n't considered of . 
  and defensive war would certainly be a lot lighter on homefront 's morale . 
  you might actually have a point there . 
  the way i was taught ww1 was lost because the homefront of germany was so miserable they could n't keep fighting . 
  they were winning militarily but did n't have the support of the people of germany . 
  however , that was at basic school level so i would n't be too surprised if it was way more complicated than that . 
   i 'm wondering if such a joint force within the eu could work if you divided up the tasks a bit more by delegating groups of 3 countries to work together . 
  i do n't think many ( especially the bigger military countries ) would want that . 
  eu countries might all be allies now but who knows what the future holds ? 
  what are you going to do with that big navy of yours if your enemy has land and air superiority ? 
  no one wants to be a one trick pony unless it 's geographically very faborable for them ( but i 'd argue no country can do with just one military discipline these days ) . 
  during wartime your already suffering economy would take a deep dive for the worse because many other countries would be reluctant to do business with you . 
  you might be able to sustain the military spending but your homefront is going to be really angry . 
  and homefront is what lost germany ww1 ( at least that 's what i was taught ) . 
  cyber warfare is real warfare and it will be used alongside convetional methods of walfare , should the need rise . 
  however , no one has yet been provoked by cyber warfare because everyone does it and nothing catastrophic has happened yet . 
  cyber warefare could be used , for example , shutting down critical infrastructure and if you time that with seaons or a natural catastrophe , some serious damage could be done . 
   would n't it be better to just go after the people who produce child pornography in the first place ? 
  yeah but it is many magnitudes harder than taking the content off the public web . 
  i think both are happening side by side but blocking works as a band aid while the content producers are trying to be identified and prosecuted . 
  not to mention , there will always be new content producers , just like there 'll always be new content . 
   what safeguards are in place to prevent governments from abusing this system and how efficient is it ? 
  that 's exactly the point i was originally making . 
  governments sneak censorship and filtering solutions though by marketing as the fight against child porn . 
  you try to critcize it and it can be made seem like you defend child pornography . 
  when the systems are in place , it 's easy to modify them to also block other kinds of content , with or without lawful permission . 
   the ones for whom watching child pornography is a hobby are good enough at covering up their identity that they 'll probably never be caught . 
  everyone starts somewhere and unless you know someone else who is into that stuff , chances are you 'll be careless and stupid when starting out . 
  this is a good chance to catch the kind of people and either get them help ( as you suggested ) or throw them into jail ( if it 's repetitive and sever ) . 
   those that do are probably curious and do n't know any better frankly , i doubt anyone would search for child pornography out of interest in today 's world . 
  such a big deal is made out of it that not many want to even risk being associated with it . 
  you do have a point though . 
  this is mostly pr for the government : `` hey look guys !, 
  there 's no child pornography on the web thanks to us ! '' . 
  it 's not likely many would actually accidentally stumble across it , given the kind of stigma applied to it ( people do n't want it to be easily found ) . 
  your last point also ties into your first point . 
  the ones producing the content are even better at hiding their tracks than the ones consuming it ( or they wo n't be producing it for long ) . 
  that 's why they 're hard targets . 
  to be fair , one does n't block it completely . 
  but afaik , there are bots looking for certain keywords often associated with it on the public web . 
  you can also report such material should you come across it ( probably anonymous ) and i would n't be too surprised if image recognizition was used too . 
  but you can never really completely block anything ( especially on the interest ) . 
  at least it 's blocked well enough that you need to specificially search for it ( or know how to do it ) to find it . 
  i was under the impression that gchq is doing pretty similiar stuff to what nsa does/did and/or are heavily cooperating with nsa . 
  the post i was replying to referrred to spying on politicians . 
  but does n't uk spy on civilians too ? 
  and many more countries would love to spy on their citiziens if they had the resources to do it . 
  i 'm not trying to defend nsa . 
  i 'm just pointing out that many other ( including european ) intelligence agencies would love to do what they 're doing . 
  no need for url shortener ( i just actually noticed it for the first time , i 've seen links created by it a couple of times ) . 
  just take those 3 ( it . ), 
  symbols out and you 're golden ( non-shortened urls actually contain at least part of the thread 's name and i prefer them for that reason ) . 
  i 'd agree that germany is more trustworthy currently , but that could change really fast . 
  if you 've reason to expect the us does this kind of stuff , why would n't you expect germany to do it too ? 
  they 've just as much to gain and they most likely have the knowhow to do it . 
  i ca n't see a reason for germany to not do it for military equipment being sold to other countries ( that might or might not be in your allies in the future ) . 
  yeah , i noticed that later down in the thread . 
  i just wanted to educate people a bit on this subject . 
  to be honest though , matching emails is n't actually foolproof method either . 
  but we 're talking about a tabloid here and tabloids are not known for making absolutely sure their sources are correct or that their methods of information gathering are foolproof . 
  that 's an anecdote i 've never heard of before ( at least in english ) but it 's certainly very fitting . 
  thanks for pointing that possible connection out . 
  that certainly makes for some interesting speculation . 
  also , offtopic : next time you post a reddit link to reddit , could you remove the it . 
  from the url so reddit wo n't be in italian . 
  it 's not that big of a deal but it 's a minor gripe that could easily be avoided . 
   there 's always a way to find out who it was , whether ip logs or what-have-you . 
  this is bit offtopic but that is a tricky issue . 
  i 'd say finding out someone 's identity online is always possible if you 're really dedicated to it . 
  with that being said , most people are not dedicated enough nor do they have the technical knowledge or legal position to do so . 
  it 's possible ( and not even too hard ) to make it pretty darn hard to figure out who you actually are if you know what you 're doing . 
  also , ip address does n't equal a person . 
  i think even the us court has ruled that you ca n't use ip address to identify a person on its own . 
  that 's what the filters really are for . 
  it 's easy to sneak the filters through under the flag of something that is considered terrible ( child porn , for example ) and once you get the initial filters in place , it becomes easier to expand what you filter . 
  i 'm not saying child porn should n't be blocked , i 'm just saying it 's often used as a decoy for censorship . 
  terrorism is another common one . 
  you ca n't really openly protest against filtering off child porn and terrorism . 
  i 'd wager a guess that everyone but the most extreme censorship fanatics would want to block that kind of content . 
  i 've no good solutions for this problem . 
   spying in itself is n't too controversial in either case - it 's when you spy on someone you claim to be an ally of that shit really hits the fan . 
  you ca n't trust your `` allies '' in times of crisis . 
  they 're only your friends because there 's something for them to gain from it . 
  countries are n't just being nice with each other . 
  and if you ca n't fully trust anyone but yourself , you really want to know in advance if your `` allies '' are planning something big . 
  countries could turn from your allies into your enemies in a very short time period . 
  to be honest , if you end up in a war and can almost completely disable entire disciplines of military ( ie . 
  navy and airforce ) with `` a flick of the switch '' , you 're going to be in a really good position . 
  it 's a nice insurance that might only work once , but it 's worth it . 
  not to mention , replacing your vehicles and equipment takes immense amounts of money and resources . 
  and who else are you going to turn to ? 
  china ? 
  germany ? 
  france ? 
  can you really trust any of those countries more than you can trust the us ? 
  the only way to be sure is to develop everything from the scratch yourself . 
  how many countries have the resources , experience and knowledge to do that ? 
  even if it turned out no one could ever trust us equipment , it 'd take years , more likely decades , to replace all the gear . 
  for many countries , it 'd be far easier to stay in good relations with us and trust they 'll not turn on you . 
  not the optimal solution but the options are n't easy either .
