  net neutrality `` debate '' maybe ? 
  the quality of education is rapidly falling in the us . 
  i guess the public policy of the us regards oil subsidies as a better place to pump money into , instead of educating the future of your country . 
  the us public policy is wrong in so many aspects that it is hard to even mention all of them . 
  and showing me a gdp chart wo n't really mean much . 
  my life , the stories of my parents , grandparents and great-grandparents ( those who were not shot or deported ) , school history lessons . 
  the movie singing revolution is a pretty good one as well . 
  i love when people cite sources for their arguments and do their research before making a claim about something they know nothing of . 
  [ the president of twitter ( buzzfeed ) ] ( http://www.buzzfeed.com/maxseddon/the-president-of-twitter ), 
  we are just masters of staring at screens , being all cold and unsocial . 
  on a more serious note , i think the way our education is handled plays a large part in this . 
  many schools offer it lessons already in primary school . 
  in general , the government has also been very innovative with its policies . 
  we 've had the opportunity to start anew after the occupation and build our country in a way that fits today 's world . 
  we also have very few religious people , so progress is not hindered by backward policies inspired by religion , which is sadly quite often the case in countries like the us . 
  it 's true that the left wing is pretty vocal here . 
  but there are definitely right-wing supporters as well , myself as an individualist included . 
  it 's just a bit complicated to voice your opinion against the leftist crowd . 
  this is a very incomplete chart . 
  there are , in estonia alone , over 20 fighters currently stationed on high alert . 
  the same goes for other baltic states . 
  i do n't know about the other countries , but i suspect they are also missing some deployments . 
  nevertheless , i think it would be extremely cruel to force foreigners to learn this incredibly complicated language with all its rules and even more exceptions . 
  i 've tried explaining estonian declination to people , and it 's quite funny to watch them lose all hope in ever speaking this language after about 5 minutes . 
  that said , i really enjoy helping foreigners learn the language . 
  completely different story with people who come to live in estonia , however . 
  if they want to live here , they better make themselves familiar , at least at a basic level , with the local culture and language . 
  there was a pro-russian ~ ~ protest ~ ~ demonstration in tallinn ( estonia ) some time ago . 
  i think about 30 people showed up and half of them were press . 
  using the russian minorities in the baltics could be a bit difficult for putin , since they are generally not very unhappy with their country . 
  yet , at least . 
  closest to reform party ( right-wing , pro-eu ) , which is also my preference so far . 
  the quiz did a pretty good job . 
  and ... estonia . 
  do n't leave us out !, 
  why would the nato do that ? 
  violating the fundamental basis of their organization would only make them weaker and show the world that nato may as well not exist as a treaty , if it 's not followed . 
  with the difference being that we are now a member of nato , which means that declaring war on estonia would mean declaring war on every single nato member . 
  things are different nowadays , and you should know it . 
  your reasoning and explanation behind this ? 
  we have considerable military forces in estonia alone , with over 150 000 soldiers in reserve with military training , ready to be mobilized very fast should the need arise . 
  estonia has very strong diplomatic relations with western europe and the core members of nato . 
  i 'd really like to hear your arguments why the baltics should n't be members of nato . 
  tell me that western politicians are n't corrupt . 
  it 's a matter of priority it would seem . 
  do you value the progress our country has made in very little time , or do you dismiss all that because we still have problems , like every other country in the world . 
  we are most definitely not more eastern than northern european . 
  we are classified as northern europe by the un . 
  our economy , government , and most of all , our president all point towards the west , rather than east . 
  the teacher in question was an engineering teacher . 
  you would expect him to be somewhat above average in technology . 
  anecdotal indeed . 
  i suppose all public sector employees should be exempt from fines as well . 
  the money is coming from the state anyway . 
  nevermind that paying a fine actually leaves the person paying it with less money than he had before , no matter where that money came from , thus punishing him . 
   lol !, 
  solid argumentation there . 
   anyway , typical small-scale e-commerce is not a viable business strategy . 
  what ? 
  the amount of profitable small e-commerce sites shows exactly the opposite . 
  e-commerce is soaring all over the world . 
   especially since many of these sites actually buy their stuff from bigger e-commerce sites analogy : we should close all small - to medium-size retailers and boutiques because they order their products from a bigger distributor anyway . 
  the oldest , obviously . 
  the mother of all alphabets . 
  what are you even talking about ? 
  72,5 is light red , 73 is rose/pink , 83 is ~ ~ navy blue ~ ~ teal . 
  how the hell is pink closer to teal than light red ? 
  mine once told me that the latin and all other alphabets were derived from the cyrillic alphabet . 
  when i insisted it 's the other way around , she called me disrespectful and ignorant towards the russian culture and history , while refusing to look it up on the internet . 
  if that is true for you , you are offended by ridiculously small things . 
   i even have a pair of shitty siberia v2 's why shitty ? 
  they 've performed really nicely for me over the years . 
  the stones are set down , after which sediment layers begin to form around it over time . 
  at least that 's how i understood it . 
  in other words , what you 're supporting is segregation based on race . 
  if you 're a racist , at least say it as it is and be upfront about it . 
  they are usually dated indirectly , by the age of the sediment layers they are found in . 
  as a noun , it technically means * reminder . 
  ** estonia ** sahin - crackling , rustle , murmur ; probably because of the noise . 
  staatika - static lumesadu - snowfall ( less often used ), 
   russia has sheltered almost a million refugees from the ukraine and is not perturbed . 
  while i am not against accepting refugees , i think it 's really funny that you use this as an example . 
  russia is the one who annexed a part of ukraine and caused the large-scale conflict , it 's a bit hypocritical to praise them for accepting the refugees . 
  as others have said , it 's basically the detroit of europe . 
  it 's one of the poorest cities in belgium . 
  streets are full of drug addicts , criminals and prostitutes , especially at nighttime . 
  the crime rates are unbelievably high for a city in western europe . 
  the buildings are industrial and ugly . 
  all in all , i think you get the point . 
  absolutely . 
  brugge , mons ( where i lived ) , brussels and ghent were all really nice , among others . 
  [ apparently we got you with .5 % according to wikipedia ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/importance_of_religion_by_country ) . 
  yes , i find it 's not suitable or particularly appropriate for a country which , by some stats , is the least religious in the world . 
  it 's just a bit weird to have it in the national anthem , that 's all . 
  well , i was living in belgium and wanted to visit as many places as possible . 
  there was an interesting industrial museum there . 
  but i guess i could have lived without seeing that particular piece of belgium , in hindsight . 
  i also came by train , and had to walk through the entire city and back . 
  it was ... interesting . 
  scary , but interesting .
