  if i want something done that takes the effort of one employee , i want to hire one employee . 
  paying the salaries of two employees while one of them is not working at all is ridiculous . 
  why is it that employee rights are always holy in this subreddit , while employers are the forces of evil ? 
  you ca n't have one without the other . 
  i am well aware of this , and it does n't change much . 
  why would i , as an employer and with the best interests of my company in my mind , hire a pregnant or possibly-soon-to-be-pregnant woman , if i know i 'll have to hire another person to fill her spot , effectively paying two salaries ? 
  and when she comes back , i ca n't fire her , i 'll have to fire her `` placeholder '' instead . 
  if she makes a mistake , i ca n't fire her . 
  if the company has to make budget cuts during her leave , i ca n't fire her . 
  even if the person taking his `` maternity leave '' is a man , the same problems persist . 
  you are in your twenties , recently married and do n't have kids yet ? 
  i will seriously consider finding someone else . 
  that 's not fair for anyone , not for the employee and most certainly not for the employer . 
  because we need an eu-level law that adds more reasons not to employ women . 
  hurray for equality . 
  they ( ukrainian army ) have been doing that for the past 7 months , in case you have n't been following the news . 
  first of all , you should stop talking about `` us '' doing something in the past tense . 
  the whole thing is far from over . 
  ukraine has not lost crimea , they are fighting for it this very moment . 
  it is very likely that they will eventually reconquer it , with the help of nato resources . 
  it 's nice to see there are so many experts here on reddit who know exactly what the leaders of powerful nations and huge international organizations are thinking . 
  maybe you should consider a career in foreign intelligence and become a psychic . 
   we do not have a masked vigilante calling him self egg-man using his yolky powers to stop the criminal element well , that 's dissappointing . 
   officer in civilian clothing gets robbed by gypsies i translated the page using google translate . 
  one of the sentences turned out like this :  one of the policewomen in civilian was kapellestraat itself as egg after being robbed by a thief . 
  i do n't even know anymore ... 
  sounds like there is a vigilante-ghost called kapellestraat who , in this case , appeared as an egg after the theft . 
  or something . 
  it was in the `` beer area '' , a fenced area to the right from the main gate . 
  explain to me your logic , because i do n't really understand it . 
  nato and related organizations are working day and night on the ukraine crisis . 
  ukraine is waging a war against russia , essentially . 
  yesterday , they captured a key region from the separatists . 
  they are now pressing forward to liberate the rest of the country , including crimea . 
  nato and eu are making new treaties and forging a stronger relationship with the eastern countries , as well as scandinavian ones . 
  russia 's public image was absolutely destroyed . 
  this means less investors , less tourism and less support . 
  nato and aco are relocating considerable forces to its eastern borders . 
  the world got a wake-up call and realized there is still a threat to peace coming from the east . 
  your conclusion ? 
  we did nothing , putin won . 
  preventing conflicts is the best defense against foreign threat . 
  this does not mean nato is going to invade russia . 
  simply that treaties are being negotiated with non-nato countries . 
   unless you are gon na tell me there are plans to either seriously hurt russia for their actions or prevent such actions from further happening to neutral countries then yes they are getting away with it . 
  of course there are plans to prevent such conflicts from happening in neutral countries . 
  that 's a large part of what 's being done right now . 
   i 'd like to ask what is your position in nato if you know so much about it ? 
  family member of a high-ranking estonian military officer who is currently working in ~ ~ nato ~ ~ allied command operations , with nato . 
  if it 's not classified , i probably know about it . 
   you got the eu , you got the individual governments , you got the various businesses , whom russia depends on but they do not much and so on . 
  since when are private corporations obligated to take part in international political conflicts ? 
  the main goal of a company is to earn profit , and this would certainly not be working towards that goal . 
  eu can not impose heavy sanctions due to several reasons , including threat to economical stability , as well as the reluctance of several eu governments . 
   there are thousands of nato and aco officials literally working their asses off right now because of the escalating situation . 
  there are military units being relocated and prepared pretty much constantly for the past 7 months . 
  there are briefings and council meetings taking place every day in several organizations and bases that manage european armed forces , including nato shq in brussels and shape in casteau . 
   it 's sad that you are n't being kept constantly updated on the allied actions against the russian threat through mass media , but this does not mean nothing is happening . 
   you are in no position to judge this , because you are not informed of allied operations . 
  i assure you , there is some serious business going on in aco and nato . 
  you are not aware of what 's being done and frankly , i ca n't tell you . 
  but i 'm sure it 's easy to criticize as a bystander with limited access to information . 
  for a country that first declared independence in 1918 , and was afterwards occupied by the soviets for several decades until 1991 , when the estonians staged a peaceful revolution called the ** singing revolution ** , yes a 140-year-old song festival that has been happening despite oppression and occupations is a dearly held tradition . 
  the song festival symbolizes our freedom , our culture , our traditions and our history . 
  you are absolutely right . 
  nato is in fact mobilizing and bringing forces closer to the eastern border . 
  the estonian nmr in shape has already arranged the stationing of over 20 nato fighters in estonia alone and that number is increasing steadily with more nations joining the talks . 
  we have to be ready for any aggression against nato interests , and frankly , we are ready . 
  now that russia has brought attention to the matter , nato is growing even stronger and taking steps to prevent further conflicts . 
  which is what i 've been trying to explain in this thread . 
  military spending in europe should be increased , but it must be done according to every country 's abilities . 
  military should not be the top priority for a poor nation . 
  it may look like it , if all your information comes from the mass media , i agree . 
  but you have to consider that military operations are often classified and/or not known to everyone . 
  there is still a war going on in ukraine , and it 's going well . 
  maybe you noticed , a region was successfully captured by ukrainian forces today . 
  public opinion is also crucial for budget allocation . 
  you can not double military spending if the public is viciously against it . 
  these matters have to be approached using different methods . 
  again , russia is not `` getting away with it '' . 
  we are not just holding committee meetings . 
  you are in no position to judge this , because you are not informed of allied operations . 
  i assure you , there is some serious business going on in aco and nato . 
  estonia is doing very well compared to other baltic and eastern nations . 
  it is therefore understandable that we can allocate more of our gdp to military spending . 
  our public opinion is also very favorable towards nato and the eu , something that is n't true in many eastern countries . 
  i 'm sorry , but are you the competent person to judge the actions and methods of nato and aco ? 
  further , are you sure you are informed of all the actions taken by the allied command operations and nato in regards to the ukraine crisis ? 
  there are thousands of nato and aco officials literally working their asses off right now because of the escalating situation . 
  there are military units being relocated and prepared pretty much constantly for the past 7 months . 
  there are briefings and council meetings taking place every day in several organizations and bases that manage european armed forces , including nato shq in brussels and shape in casteau . 
  it 's sad that you are n't being kept constantly updated on the allied actions against the russian threat through mass media , but this does not mean nothing is happening . 
  so please , stop whining that `` absolutely nothing '' is done . 
  you just do n't know about it . 
  and you do n't have to know about it . 
  there is a difference between an alliance of nations that has a few strong members and an alliance of nations whose every member poses a considerable threat even on its own . 
  absolutely . 
  now we must spend money to prevent wars . 
  we can do that by increasing our military budget . 
  absolutely disagreed .
