  and i really doubt you , being from the uk , contributed to the dutch budget with your taxes . 
  probably from the volcano eruption nearby , no ? 
  never said it was wasted . 
  i 'd say it 's a perfectly reasonable use of their money . 
  pr , training and a nice gesture , all in one . 
  [ nord-pas-de-calais is apparently doomed and supposedly full of anthrax . 
  considering the approximate cost-per-flight-hour for an f-16 is over $ 20 000 , which means this escort could have cost over $ 200 000 , i 'd say this was a pretty amazing gesture by the dutch air force . 
  speak , in the order of fluency : * estonian ( native ) * english ( c1/c2 ) * french ( b2 ) * russian ( a2 ) would like to learn : * spanish * chinese * italian * german, 
   in the end , the definition of being part of european culture is extremely subjective . 
  there are very many aspects which contribute to it , and never have i claimed that homophobia and religion are the only criteria by which countries should be judged . 
  i 'm not an idiot . 
  i simply tried to point out that russia differs significantly from the traditional values of the west , and is thus often considered less european . 
  after all , the main point of this thread was to discuss on this subject . 
  i have not given a definition or a list of countries which `` belong '' to european culture . 
  i simply mentioned that being of a religion which is not prevalent in the classic `` european '' countries , such as western european countries , etc. , naturally creates cultural differences . 
  russian orthodoxy and greek orthodoxy are also very different . 
  in the end , the definition of being part of european culture is extremely subjective . 
  there are very many aspects which contribute to it , and never have i claimed that homophobia and religion are the only criteria by which countries should be judged . 
  i 'm not an idiot . 
  i simply tried to point out that russia differs significantly from the traditional values of the west , and is thus often considered less european . 
  after all , the main point of this thread was to discuss on this subject . 
  belarus is definitely not considered to have european culture , some of the reasons being exactly what you stated . 
  all the countries which we consider as culturally very european have very little homophobia and are certainly not orthodox . 
  explain ? 
  orthodox is the most prevalent religion in russia , with 41 % of the population claiming to be orthodox . 
  homophobia is also extremely rampant and being explicitly endorsed by the state . 
  last year , we granted asylum to 20 people out of 157 applicants from 24 different countries . 
  the highest number of applicants was from ukraine ( 50 applications ) , of which we accepted exactly none . 
  ** estonia ** yes - jah ( yes ) / just nii ( exactly that ) no - ei ( no ) order acknowledged / understood - just nii / sain ( got it ), 
  you could wait until the agreement is actually negotiated and finished according to international practices . 
  it will be available to the public for at least a year before any voting takes place . 
   somewhat weird something seeming somewhat weird to you should not be the basis for making it illegal . 
   an `` explosive device '' has gone off in a car in berlin , killing the driver , german police say . 
   the explosion occurred as the car was moving through the western district of charlottenburg , heading towards the city centre . 
  it flipped the vehicle up in the air , officials said . 
   investigators were checking the car for more explosive material . 
   police have told residents in the area to close their windows and stay in the back of their apartments . 
   speaking at the scene , michael merkle from berlin police said an investigation was underway . 
   `` we ca n't say anything about the cause . 
  we are at the beginning of our investigation , '' he said . 
   `` forensic investigators are here , will carefully examine the car , everything will be examined . 
  the homicide division is on site and will take over the further investigation . '', 
   as far as i know the only country with separation of church and state is france . 
  uhh . 
  what ? 
  all state-offered pensions are welfare . 
  or merry christmas ? 
  it 's polite . 
  and expected of politicians . 
  short and simple answer - because when you visit twitter , the content is served to you from one of the closest locations possible . 
  if all the closest locations happen to be massively overloaded , you get delays or no response at all . 
  you can google `` cdn '' or `` content delivery network '' to read more about how this works . 
  absolutely not . 
  that does not mean you do n't have the obligation to do your duty . 
  most people do n't become cashiers because they thoroughly enjoy operating the register . 
  even so , it 's a part of their job . 
  and that 's a very soft example compared to the duties of a soldier . 
  even the harshest totalitarian regimes in the history gave their accused criminals at least a resemblance of a trial . 
  it 's incredibly uncivilised and just plain moronic to suggest we have state authorities execute random people on the street . 
  so if you were a soldier , which you are n't , who has sworn to protect his country , which you have n't , and has a legal and moral obligation to do so , which you do n't , you would abandon your legal and moral duty to protect your country and its people because there are some guys who dislike you ? 
  i can see why you 're not a soldier . 
  the needs of the many obviously do not matter in the event that you are oh-so-gravely insulted . 
  an estonian radio station . 
  i particularly love when they have people call in to express their opinion . 
  so many angry old people . 
  the glorious institute of the estonian language has devised the following simple rules for you to follow regarding capital letters : * territories are written using a capital letter - e.g. 
  france * except the type of the territory - e.g. 
  tallinn city * street names and small places are written using a capital letter * except the street or place type - e.g. 
  liberty street , danish king gardens * except except if the type is figurative or historical or it has randomly been decided it should be capitalised - e.g. 
  grand gate , adam bridge * room names are capitalised - e.g. 
  hellstage , tigerhall * except if the name is not figurative - e.g. 
  white hall , conference hall * planets and stellar objects are capitalised - e.g. 
  sun , earth * except if they are not meant as planetary bodies but rather as objects in the sky - e.g. 
  sun , earth , moon * figurative names for countries or places are not capitalised - e.g. 
  land of the rising sun , land of the pyramids * except if the name has become canonical - e.g. 
  black continent , new world , third world * places , territories and countries are not capitalised if they are part of a either a plant or animal name , language or tribe - e.g. 
  damascus rose , latvian people , italian language * except when they are - e.g. 
  british english , canadian french * and except language groups , which are capitalised - e.g. 
  philippean languages , caucasian languages * company names are capitalised - e.g. 
  as eesti energia * except type names in company names - e.g. 
  alma shop , black cat camping , kuku radio * but except if they are - e.g. 
  tartu university * and except if they want to seem official - e.g. 
  ministry of the interior , tartu municipal government * countries are written with a capital letter - e.g. 
  republic of estonia * except if they are referred to as a territory - e.g. 
  republic of estonia * historical events are not capitalised - e.g. 
  second world war * except if they contain the name of a place - e.g. 
  livonian war * or they are simply really important ( for us ) - e.g. 
  estonian war of independence * or if they contain a duration - e.g. 
  sixth crusade * and some are written with all capitals - e.g. 
  big bang , bloody sunday * but some only partially - e.g. 
  war of the roses * persons are written with a capital letter - e.g. 
  john , george * except if the name is used as a unit or is the name of an object - e.g. 
  herz , zeppelin , ampere * and except if the name is part of a religion - e.g. 
  buddha religion , luther religion * periodical newspapers and journals are written with all capital letters - e.g. 
  estonian express , teachers ' paper * movies , games , tv shows , book titles , etc. 
  are capitalised at the beginning - e.g. 
  `` white flowers '' , `` estonian encyclopedia '' , `` old villages '' * months and weekdays are not capitalised - e.g. 
  january , monday * names of years and holidays are not capitalised - e.g. 
  year of the white horse , mother 's day * even if they contain a name - e.g. 
  st. john 's day that about sums it up in a short conclusion .
