unfortunately i ca n't give you a dutch snape , but i do have a [ dutch daddy malfoy and bellatrix ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4-g0pkyhjia ) . 
  even if you ca n't understand the language , you can probably hear from the intonation and use of emphasis that it 's just not done well . 
  edit : the universe works in mysterious ways . 
  one of the recommended vids just * happened * to be a dutch snape * and * [ voldemort ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aa7-c0scaru ) . 
  snape is surprisingly boring , but voldemort is n't actually that bad . 
  this one did n't make me cringe at the very least . 
  fairly odd parents was dubbed pretty well in dutch . 
  spongebob as well . 
  dubbing the harry potter movies was a very bad idea though . 
   connection with old aryan * plat - , plath - ( greek \u03c0\u03bb\u03b1\u03c4\u03cd\u03c2 , sanskrit prth\u00fa , broad ) is plausible with regard to the sense ( compare french plat flat , believed to be ultimately < \u03c0\u03bb\u03b1\u03c4\u03cd\u03c2 ) , but the representation of old aryan t or th by germanic t ( except when reduced < tt after a long vowel ) is anomalous . 
  seems there is some sort of connection there . 
  how , uh , spacial is a spacial snowflake and is this the more extreme or special version of a special snowflake ? 
  it 's apparently a more controversial subject than i would have ever expected to be honest . 
  i do n't mock people who do . 
  it 's usually the pros that wear them anyway ( since they go faster and all ) . 
  i was not trying to get into the discussion , just sharing an anecdote . 
  helmets are just not going to become a thing here . 
  there 's a big cultural difference we 're dealing with . 
  it 's never been about the costs . 
  i never even had one as a kid . 
  then again i grew up in a tiny village and it does n't get any safer than that . 
  fair enough . 
  children are important in this matter , but i do n't think the adults ' opinion on it is neccessarily wrong . 
   one of the prime arguments given by those against zwarte piet is that ` it will teach our children black people are helpers and inferior ' , while it actually does n't . 
  i agree with you that it 's not the best argument they could come up with . 
  it 's too easy to say that those who ` choose not to make a fuss ' are somehow more important . 
  they will be the general white population that , yeah of course they 're not affected . 
  that 's why i 'm trying to emphasize that it is important to listen ( though i guess you already understood that ) . 
  i am in no way saying that we should shut up , just that there 's a better way of dealing with this issue other than laughing in people 's faces ( which i do see happen ) . 
  but apparently saying that deserves downvotes , which is exactly the attitude i 'm trying to talk about . 
  eh , i 'll put my energy somewhere else then . 
  of course the children are looking forward to getting presents and pepernoten . 
  they do n't have the same cultural awareness as us . 
  they 're not going to reflect on the implications of their behaviour . 
  how is a child 's opinion more valid on the matter of racist when your argument merely is `` they do n't see it , we should n't either , or else you 're a bitter adult '' ? 
  after all , we 're not discussing whether or not it is okay to give them presents at all . 
  there is a lot more to say , but i 'm not going to speak for those who feel affected by this . 
  it 's not my position to do that . 
  they 're speaking out through the media and i do n't think their opinions should be instantly dismissed . 
  i 'm not even saying `` destroy all of the tradition !, 
  '' , just that when the focus on the complaints become bigger every year , maybe we should actually start listening for a change and engage in a less emotionally charged debate that does n't consist of `` nope , you 're silly , fuck you '' . 
  i do n't think it 's such an outragous suggestion . 
  i 'm not directly quoting you . 
  sorry if it looks that way . 
  i was referring to the ` this has been a tradition for many years ' portion of your comment . 
  personally , i think it 's too extreme to just dismiss the complaints with a handwave and proclaim that it 's ` silly ' and ` unneccessary ' ( not to mention it 's kind of demeaning to those who want to be heard ) . 
  yeah , sure , we grew up with everything being fine and dandy . 
  none of us realized the connotations , so why should it ever be a problem ? 
  we did n't become racist , did we ? 
  but why should that negate other 's experiences ? 
  does n't it say something about us when we 're so massively reluctant to even listen to the opposition , just because it ` spoils the fun ' ? 
  i do n't know how widespread this is , so take this with a grain of salt , but i 've heard a fair amount of stories about how black children * do * notice . 
  since when has `` it 's always been this way '' become an actual good argument to keep something ? 
  not picking sides , but that 's just the death of debate . 
  congratulate + three cheek kisses . 
  especially if you 're a woman . 
  do n't even try to refuse to kiss as a woman . 
  they wo n't let go of your hand and pull you in until you give up . 
  our birthdays are like hostage-situations . 
  lots of food though . 
  and alcohol if that 's your thing . 
  `` ik zal het door de vingers zien '' = `` i will see it through the fingers '' = i 'll just pretend i did n't see/hear/notice that . 
  i like the dutch version of `` when the cat 's away , the mice will play '' , which is actually quite similar : `` als de kat van huis is , dansen de muizen op tafel '' = `` when the cat 's away from home , the mice will dance on the table '' = no authority present ? 
  my time to shine !, 
  no rhyme in dutch though . 
  an anthroposophist teacher told us in class about how language supposedly reflects this ideal . 
  as in , you get ` sick ' first , but then you get ` better ' . 
  it 's interesting to learn about the subject , but i could n't stand it at some point . 
  i had aspirations to go to university and he had this whole rant ( not aimed speficially at me ) about how their beneath them because they 're too removed from nature . 
  made it seem as if they were these sad empty sacks of skin and bones . 
  i do n't think unhappy people feel like contributing to interviews anyway . 
  or at least they 're not all going to be honest . 
   there was this guy who got his own children 's song , though . 
  piet hein , `` whose name is small , but has done great deeds '' . 
  making for very awkward history lessons when , out of nowhere , your history teacher starts singing like he 's this great opera star . 
  i foresee nightmares of barges turning into pontoons and vice versa in my near future . 
  i shall absorb it into my mental lexicon , my fair fellow human . 
  bit of a miscommunication . 
  let 's end this with a [ friendly handshake ] ( http://media.giphy.com/media/7rv4bzmxsvloy/giphy.gif ) . 
  i know about singular they , i 'm just not sure why you went for that as opposed to ` she ' . 
  i 'm the ` he ' you were referring to . 
  i was indirectly trying to correct you without seeming annoying , but i guess that failed . 
  i mean , they were half right . 
  the people on the other side of the river are safe . 
  he may not be a he ... 
  wait , who do i believe now ? 
  the other guy called it a pontoon . 
  but that 's too easy and straightforward , damnit . 
  thanks though . 
  i know the dutch word ( because they say it ten times a minute on the news ) , but not the english one . 
  calling it a boat would n't be accurate and i honestly do n't trust google translate 's literal translation . 
  so floaties it is . 
  if i understood correctly from the news , they were trying to move it ( not rotate it ) , but the crane in the back could n't hold the weight anymore . 
  the bridge started to sway and all of the weight moved to the top of the crane ( i dunno , but that 's what the guy said ) , at which point the floaty thing their standing on ( sorry , no idea what it 's called ) could n't hold it anymore , started tipping , and from there it became a domino . 
  first crane goes , bridge falls along with it and pulls the second crane with it . 
  he also said something about the positioning of the cranes being incorrect in the first place . 
  my high school had a portrait of the principal in the principal 's office . 
  seriously , where the fuck did the feminism angle come from . 
  this is quite literally agenda-pushing . 
  do they even care about the actual fucking victim or what ?
