muslims are not very good at integrating into non muslim countries . 
  and into what countries thay are good at integraating into ? 
  there are muslims ' terrorist attacks in europe . 
  do you want to put more muslims in france and denmark ? 
  as a catholic i do it also . 
  but it might be a slight influence of my orthodox friend . 
  the best immigration in europe is that one made in schengen area . 
  we are all europeans and we understand each other a way better than african or asian do . 
  also we share similar values , compering to arabs or even post-european ` muricans . 
  and restore kalmar union meanwhile, 
  they said , that eta had blowed the train up . 
  of course islamists did it, 
  but this time we prepared a stronger and more horrifying weapon . 
  our presidential palace is ready to be lit up in the colours of austria . 
  edit : i 'm typing this with my phone gathering some crayons . 
  not really . 
  since '50 there were n't any year in which at least one constellation crashed ( till the end of its civil operations ) . 
  your grandfather was a truly important and wealthy person as he flied lockheed constellation . 
  great pics !, 
  i wish i lived during those times ... 
   i will suffer 5 hours of watching nothing but grass fields and depressing sky . 
  lithuania in a nutshell . 
  they could spend that useless money on some shitty paper to print the fucking timetable tho . 
  there were a similar problem with polish women , who were told that they were going to work as models in italy . 
  they ended up in jelly fights . 
  it was like in ' 90 , dunno if it still appears . 
   age of prostitution : between 15 and 40 is it still legal ? 
  [ according to wikipedia ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/age_of_consent ) the age of consent in turkey is 18 now . 
  so basically the age of * registered * prostitutes varies between 18 and 40 or the age of consent does n't apply to foreignes ? 
  that random guy passing by the sex theater tho . 
  the similar law is proposed in poland as well . 
  i do hope it would never be implemented . 
  i support the idea of banning sunday shoping for super/hipermarkets solely tho . 
  those damn blobs are getting really huge and have overwhelmed the market . 
  and , thanks to another genuine polish law , they usually pay 0 taxes . 
  probably poland . 
  i 've never heard about farmer 's market tho . 
  bankrupted and then started flying . 
  [ sounds familiar ? 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/estonian_air ), 
   apparently for all women on iranian soil air france 's airliners are french soil and it is the french law that must be obeyed . 
  this makes me want to play euiv once again . 
  of course not . 
  it 's because of their migrant background . 
  did n't you hear about vietnamese preparing terrorist attack in sweden ? 
  or about eastern europeans beheading women in london ? 
  safest countries are ranked by their involvement in war rather than a safety * in * a country . 
  ~ ~ invest ~ ~ visit eastern europe !, 
  but seriously , i 'll warmly welcome any european refugees from the west , 
  because we are used to the threats in our countries . 
  you know which districts are dodgy . 
  but the problems in western europe are completely different . 
  in eastern europe nobody has ever ( and i hope nobody would ) blown up oneself . 
  poor macedonians, 
  i ca n't imagine living in constant fear of being attacked or abused . 
  imo sweden and all western europe has been always considered as the most safest country in the world . 
  now , i 'm glad that i 'm living in central/eastern europe , where the threats are widely known and are * not * connected to women 's abuse ( in most cases of course ) . 
  does police inform whether it is a temporary situation or not ? 
  you have to change area in options to ` powiats ', 
  yes they do . 
   the proportion of emigrants in relation to the swedish population as a whole is not as great as in the 1800s . 
  but the fact remains . 
  anyway it is a problem in the country that is said to be the migrant country . 
  well , most of those who migrate are like this . 
  [ a while ago in ukraine ] ( http://media4.s-nbcnews.com/j/newscms/2014_15/309306/pc-140408-kiev-brawl-01_32a65e741b04ae47ad01f398afba427a.nbcnews-ux-2880-1000.jpg ), 
  could i block railway tracks in protests against opened borders ? 
  and fuuu ^ ( n ) !, 
  a lot of fun !, 
  never heard of it . 
  any reviews ? 
  well , i 'm really surprised that there are no refugees from yemen . 
  ok , i know it 's quite far away and they have to go through hostile saudi arabia , but still they should appear at least as a tiny fraction in statistics ( as afghans or sub-saharan african do ) . 
  it appears that i was wrong . 
  i always tought that slovakia has significantly lower unemployment than poland ( 10.3 % for january ) . 
  you know all those car fabrics ... ( one was about to be built in poland , you have ` stolen ' it ) . 
  roma people is a troublesome issue . 
  we spent fucking amount of money to * try * to integrate them . 
  the result was , that none of them has assimilated and a huge loss . 
  and yeah , czechs are doing pretty well ( i would say the best in new europe ) . 
  however they were always more industrialized . 
  senpai eu has n't noticed us . 
  so we 've become a senpai, 
  i was always curious about you , slovaks . 
  it is widely known that western europe has been ` flooded ' with migrants from poland ( and sometimes lithuanians ) , especially to uk . 
  however , i honestly do n't know much about our southern neighbours . 
  i know that slovakia is far less populated country and has lower unemployment ( especially if roma people are considered ) , but you do migrate to europe too . 
  i just want to know how bad the situation is ( if it is ) . 
  and do you have any ` replacement ' ? 
  i do n't know much about xenophobia in slovakia ( and i 'm not talking about islamophobia it is completely different thing ) , but your experiences with roma are , let 's say , inferior . 
  still closer than hungarian , 
  exactly !, 
  a lot of eastern europe countries had ( or have ) a very ambivalent expereiences with immigrants or , to be more precise with * minorities * . 
  the baltic states are the example of extremum , however the tough expereinces with russian minorities somehow ( imho ) could be use as an excuse to not let the immigrants in . 
  and all the news from western europe ( such as that at the top of r/europe * right now * ) do n't help . 
  also , about predictions . 
  30-40 years ago * nobody * knew that ussr would ever collapse and the iron curtain would collapse . 
  also , who of you tought in 90 ' that 10 new countries would join eu in less than 15 years ? 
  the eagle is quite anorexic though . 
  yeah , i was there a year ago . 
  i tought it would be a nice base for trips around wallonia .
