  but i do n't think we should display our friendship with them . 
  and we certainly should n't sell them weapons !, 
   i 'm here to emphasise the friendship that exists between the uk and saudi arabia , and that is something that is developing and expanding europe should be ashamed of that ` friendship ' . 
  europe supported the end of apartheid , we should help end the violations of human rights in saudi arabia as well . 
  the first non-stop kangaroo route . 
  also , the first europe - australia non-stop route . 
  good job slovakia , good job . 
  i did n't expect it . 
  yep . 
  especially , given that eu-citizens can enter georgia just with the id card . 
  i was always surprised that a relatively small nation have so much power . 
  or the people of that nation . 
  you guys , alongside armenians , do rule some of the mafias in russia . 
  i do n't want to offend anyone , i genuinely find it freaking interesting . 
  any idea why ? 
  giving the financial abilities the results of qatar and uae are ridiculously low . 
  does estonia have similar education system as finland ? 
  i expected turkey to be way more pessimistic . 
  or at least i would be . 
  actually , a lot of citizens of saudi arabia are not doing well . 
  according to some sources , up to 25 % of them live below the poverty line . 
  i 'm genuinely concerned that 70 % of them think that their country is on the right track . 
  you have to have a really fucked up mind if you are happy living in isis-like country . 
  bike said -7 . 
  i have an apple . 
  i have an eagle . 
  it 's probable that it was a radical islamist migrant who killed them . 
  if it turns out to be true , it will be ridiculously shameful . 
  these retired monks worked at missions in africa . 
  so shameful to ` repay ' them for their great work . 
  it 's anschluss time, 
  i agree . 
  it was a little exaggeration , though no political party is openly opposed . 
  the entrance is exactly the same . 
  they just replaced the lift for disabled with an ad ... 
  according to the church jesus was , is , and forever will be the king of poland . 
  this act is a mere ` thank you ' . 
  it may seem ridiculous , but it is just an act . 
  to be honest , nothing will change . 
  in few weeks ( or even days ) everyone will forget this . 
  of course , it has strengthened the church . 
  but nobody really gives a shit . 
  oh , and the church would do this anyway . 
  the ruling party , even being pro-church and conservative , did n't really push that . 
  that being said , i find the act completely unnecessary . 
  but i do know , that it made a lot of people happy . 
  and i do n't mind this !, 
  i by no means find dubai interesting . 
  nevertheless , it 's only my personal opinion . 
  someone may be lured by oil-funded skyscrapers , who knows ? 
  it 's not about speaking it 's about learning . 
  the ability to speak german is probably lower . 
  from the site . 
   in germany and austria , ( a dialect of ) german is the native language of the vast majority of pupils . 
  in switzerland , a german variety ( called swiss german ) is the native language of about 64 % of people , but native speakers of other languages spoken in switzerland also virtually always learn german as a foreign language . 
  eurostat does not provide data for these three countries because it considers german to be a native language there . 
  for the sake of consistency , i show the value as 100 in the map . 
  central and eastern european countries should follow \u010cr in many ways . 
  sound migration policy is definitely one of it . 
  indeed , you 're right . 
  sanctions have harmed polish industries as well . 
  but they should not affect the immigration . 
  i do n't think the sanctions apply to the regular citizens . 
  warsaw uprising lasted for incredible 63 days . 
  at the very beginning , the insurgents captured some districts . 
  however , since 5th august , they started to lose all they had achieved . 
  it continued until 3th october . 
  so what ? 
  as far as i know , nationalism is not a primary value of eu . 
  according to your logic france could be kicked out as well . 
  we are part of europe . 
  we belong to eu as much as france , spain , or germany . 
  integrate , not assimilate . 
  * share * our values , do n't force your . 
   they believe in is euro it is the last thing i thought they believed in . 
  egypt has never acknowledged that it was co-pilot fault . 
  the u.s. claims that it was his suicide . 
  however , does the two person rule make sense at all ? 
  i mean what the fa are supposed to do ? 
  they probably do not know what the pilot is doing . 
  even if the pilot is * clearly * descending down or flying the airliner towards the mountain it is too late to do anything . 
  and i doubt that untrained person can do anything at all . 
  i do n't understand why they subscribed to any press at all . 
  in bulgaria , the subway tunnels are * on * the streets . 
  this is the dublin system . 
  in most cases , asylum-seekers are entitled to apply for a refugee status in the ** first ** eu country they enter . 
  yes , they are . 
  truly beautiful . 
  the pinkish or orangish volcanic tuff makes yerevan outstanding . 
  it also matches with ararat . 
  on the other hand , as far as i know , the old city of yerevan was destroyed in 80 % to built the socialist city . 
  at least this ex-socialist city is amazing . 
  * laughs in latin *, 
  i saw the collage and the image of women ( or men who knows ) all covered in a burqa is depressing . 
  i honestly do n't know much about the colonisation of maghreb . 
  maybe it has something to do with the fact that france imported labourers from maghreb . 
  i think that majority of muslims in france are the prodigy of such workers . 
  do you know they background ? 
  it will be interesting to know whether they were educated , from rural areas , and whether they spoke french . 
  also , what are algerian , moroccan , and tunisian views on colonisation ?
