  it really was , however everything ( maybe except railway station and grand place ) looked messy . 
  and i did n't feel safe in this city , everything was so dirty . 
  it had to looks beutiful long time ago . 
  seriously all this cottages look nicely , altought very ruined . 
   i thought it was a minority that gave them a bad reputation ( ~ ~ that 's how it usually is ~ ~ that 's how media usually describes it ), 
  or forcing them to cover their faces . 
  seriously how is that possible in the modern world ? 
   half of both the primary and secondary schools were muslim r.i.p. 
  ( great ) britain :(, 
  greece should take no more . 
  and europe should take none . 
  and the most important : islam itself with its sick dogma . 
  all of `` problems '' you have mentioned fit into roma in czech/slovakia as well . 
  even though they do not have any liberal media on their side and czechs ' / slovaks ' attitiude towards them are a way worse then french towards muslims roma do not blow themselves !, 
  and it can apply to i.e. 
  vietnamese in poland or russian in baltics . 
  to be clear : i do not hate muslims . 
  but i have to be against that kind of islam that is manipulated by saudi arabia . 
  azerbaijan , indonesia or maghreb are completely ok . only those radicals ( sadly it 's sometimes a majority in a muslim community ) that are controlled by saudi arabia are a huge problem . 
  it is n't so cool as it may seem . 
  as tourists and other people who do not pay taxes in tallinn still have to buy tickets , the city have to keep its ticket system . 
  and this system costs !, 
  so depending on how much tourists and non-tallinn taxpayer uses public transport in the city , it may be cheaper to abandon the entire ticket system . 
   how 'd you like an american refugee ? 
  uhm ... well ... 
  i think they kinda fed up with refugees ... 
  open from 16th april till 31st october for pedestrians , cyclists and skiers . 
  ^ ( note that there is usually no snow during summer - poor skiers . ), 
  and you are right , sir !, 
   the newham borough has the second highest percentage of muslims in britain at 32 % [ source ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/london_borough_of_newham#demography ), 
  you mean this west germanic belgian , right ? 
  do you cycle in the winter ? 
  is this map accurate ? 
  when i visited menton , france the closest open shop was some 40 kilometers away in italy . 
  it 's not about nationality . 
  ararat is present everywhere in armenia ( emblem , football clubs , cognac ) . 
  it was a territory of armenia for ages . 
  like mecca in saudi arabia . 
  can you imagine mecca being on christian territory now ? 
  i do not think that they should reconquer it or something . 
  i just want to point out how much this great european nation has lost . 
  do n't forget ararat . 
  it 's pitiful that the sacred armenian mountain is on turkey territory . 
   `` if poles go to the uk and ukranians go to poland , who goes to ukraine ? '', 
  russians do . 
  eli5 : why do you have two rounds for parliamentary elections ? 
  poor people can not afford tvs , pcs and electricity ... how are you then gon na entertain yourselves ? 
  until drunk and lost his phone, 
  spent two days in yerevan . 
  i was also in garni and geghard ( amazing rocky monastery ) . 
  unfortunately , i was n't in southern armenia . 
  earlier i had been to georgia for one week . 
  visited yerevan and surroundings this summer . 
  amazing country . 
  if you are coming from georgia , take the night train from tbilisi to yerevan . 
  not only you sleep and ride in comfortable conditions ( 1st class is a must !, 
  ) , but you wake up and see ararat mount at the dawn . 
  never forget this view . 
  i 've visited armenia , lovely country . 
  yerevan is gorgeous with its pink or orange buildings . 
  i had an impression that it is the very ` western ' city . 
   a country of 3 million not anymore unfortunately, 
  more funny fact : armenia was the only former soviet republic which left the ussr according to its law . 
  the independence was 100 % lawful . 
  even funnier fact : armenia was the only former soviet republic that had to pay its debts to russia . 
  and then muslims came ... 
  we can blame migrants yet again !, 
   ~ ~ grey ~ ~ [ orange is the favorite color in armenia ] ( http://2.bp.blogspot.com/-ndkmk7brhzy/udw57c2teli/aaaaaaaasok/vfc_wvqjniu/s1366/dsc_0809.jpg ), 
  i 've heard that in lithuania everyone knows someone or heard about someone ( not the well-known people ofc ) who killed themselves . 
  is that true ? 
  i did stay four nights in charleroi . 
  pretty nasty . 
  oh and ridiculously dirty . 
  yeah i agree . 
  but i 'm alwyas amazed by the amount of lithuanian and latvian trucks on the highways . 
  i do n't know why , but sometimes i can see the same amount of polish and lithuanian trucks , which surprises me a lot considering the population of lithuania/latvia . 
  well , the dozens of lithuanian lorries carrying used vehicles have to go somewhere , 
  you 're not even slav !, 
  or are you ? 
  do n't forget about the two-children policy in viet nam tho . 
  but yeah , east asia has been greatly decreasing its fertility rate . 
  it is due to both planned policies ( such as one-child policy ) or to the ` unplanned ' sociaty changes ( look at korea or japan ) . 
  currently both korea and japan are struggling to restore their fertility rates . 
  i suppose that in the next 20-40 years viet nam and china would experience the same problem . 
  i ca n't judge whether decreasing fertility rates is good or bad for east asia . 
  i do think , however , that other countries ( especially in africa ) should take steps to decrease their fertility rates . 
  there is , however , a big problem with fertility in eastern europe . 
  it is said that 2.15 is the minimum for a generation shift ( some may argue that 1.8 is enough ) . 
  well , it is sadly no longer true . 
  obviously if we had a normal demographic pyramid , it would be valid . 
  however there is simply too much senior citizens , who are unable to raise children . 
  so , in order to maintain * current * number of population , young citizens have to have fertility rate higher than 2.15 ( which is almost impossible ) . 
  still the second highest rate in western europe . 
   north stream 2 this !, 
  [ well , good job croatia . 
  ] ( http://aqicn.org/city/croatia/urinj/ ), 
   greeks ( or any * other poor * country ), 
  so did mine !, 
  and , yeah , it took them a while . 
  honestly , i totally forgot i had subscribed .
