  what a nice surprise . 
   why would the german people pay so that foreigners can use their roads , if those same foreigners charge toll on their roads ? 
  those same foreigners charge themselves on their roads so , in my opinion , it is fairly reasonable . 
  no double standards . 
  according to your logic , the uni in the netherlands should be free of charge rather than the current tuition of some $ 3,000 as in poland the unis are free of charge . 
   as of 2019 , german car-drivers will pay a toll on all federal roads and highways , while foreign motorists will pay to use the 13,000-kilometer ( 8,000-mile ) highway network . 
  so non-germans wo n't pay for the federal roads ? 
  indeed , it is . 
  it 's similar to university tuition . 
  if all europeans pay the same tuition , why would fellow europeans pay more for the motorways ? 
  haha , good point !, 
  all religions that originate from judaism are similar in that matter . 
  some are more extreme , though . 
  well , the problem is that one particular religious system promotes misogyny and openly condemns the tolerance and homosexuality . 
  basically the opposite of european values . 
  nah , it 's not that bad . 
  young people do prefer the far-whatever . 
  today , it is nationalism . 
  yesterday , it was liberalism . 
   overtake the european population no need to overtake the population . 
  20 % or 30 % is enough to start riots or clashes . 
   it would take centuries after one generation it would be 250 m vs 15m after the second generation it would be 125m vs 45m after the third generation it would be 63m vs 135m . 
  of course , it is the worst case scenario ( germany with fertility rate 1.0 and ` refugees ' with fertility rate 6.0 ) . 
  also , it shows * the new born generation only * . 
  so there will be more europeans . 
  still , you got the insight . 
  i also want to add , that the european population will be getting older . 
  so the real numbers , the people who may riot and those who may stop them will be worse ( for europe of course ) . 
   you 're spouting extreme right propaganda that 's not even new , it 's just been adapted for the new `` browns '' to hate . 
  i do n't even know how to comment this ` argument ' . 
  basically , you call me racist because i do n't want uneducated , misogynistic , and unemployable people from the worn-torn country ( which may become third world country soon ) . 
  listen i 'm not against them because they 're brown . 
  i do n't want them in europe because they lack the education , they perceive women as objects , and they are religious extremists . 
  have n't we fought all these traits since the world war ii ? 
  to quote pim fortuyn :  i do n't hate islam . 
  i consider it a backward culture . 
  i have no desire to go through the emancipation of women and homosexuals all over again . 
  the couple of million of refugees can not . 
  but with the current demographics trends , it may happen . 
  europe has one of the lowest fertility rates in the whole world . 
  the migrants ' countries - quite the opposite . 
  demographics of europe are changing . 
  europe is changing . 
  that 's a double standard , is n't it ? 
  also , nationalism is not only about wars and expanding borders . 
  it is also about preserving the culture . 
  while i do n't think the current nationalistic parties in eu do it right , the liberal multicultural society does n't appeal to me either . 
  despite the trials to genocide them . 
  but rather skinny ... 
   * pokes with a ~ ~ stick ~ ~ macedonian sarissa . 
  i was joking too !, 
  found the greek !, 
  i totally agree with you . 
  i wonder if there is any collaboration between the government of slovakia and the airport . 
  unfortunately , there is no train between the airport and bratislava , so the connection is far from ideal . 
  yes . 
  adria airways offers fast connections between balkan countries and the rest of europe . 
  why are you asking this though ? 
   international airport this is pretty much the standard for all major european cities , let alone capitals . 
  why bratislava 's airport is so small ? 
  i know slovakia lacks the national carrier , but bratislava seems to be the worst connected capital in eu by air . 
  do you just all fly from schwechat ? 
  i like trains . 
  [ interestingly slovakia had the lowest turnout in the european parliament elections . 
  ] ( http://www.europarl.europa.eu/elections2014-results/en/turnout.html ), 
  it 's actually a mix as you have a phonetical transcription of cyrillic . 
  fyi \u017c , \u017a , or other varation of the z letter in slavic languages corresponds to the g sound at the beginning of the word in english . 
  yep . 
  british islands consists of ireland and great britain a.k.a. 
  the british islands . 
  i got it !, 
  what exactly is ` financial sector ' ? 
  new zealand seems to have 100 % billionaires of financial sector origin . 
  also poland scores pretty high in that matter . 
  you 're right , thanks !, 
  the easiest is definitely bulgaria . 
  you just need $ 512k . 
  you can also apply for e-residency of estonia . 
  but i think it only allows to open the bank account , open a company , or taxation in estonia . 
  on the image , you can also see lewis and harris , skye , and isle of man beside many other islands of ~ ~ britain and ireland ~ ~ the british isles . 
  i do hope they gon na tackle their problems successfully . 
  monogolia has been constantly improving its living standards since the fall of socialist government . 
  if you stop putting the fucking fries inside the gyros it would be awesome . 
  i like fries . 
  but not in my gyros . 
  anyone else has the impression that mongolia is the forgotten land of peace that had fun once ? 
   botswana that has the world 's 3rd highest prevalence of hiv that 's not how global peace index is calculated . 
  actually it takes into consideration wars and terrorism not the acutal safety in the cities . 
  if country is involved in a war , it scores low ( for example usa ) . 
  taxes can be done together for married couple . 
  it is also easier to take a loan or open a bank account ( although i wo n't do it ) . 
  also , married couples have access to their spouse 's / husband 's medical treatment ( in case of emergency ) . 
  so yes , marriage does have some benefits . 
  the motorway network is also outdated . 
  edit : and why [ the rail map ] ( http://www.mapsofworld.com/poland/rail-map.html ) of poland is rotated by roughly 30 \u00b0 ? 
  it 's odd because the north arrow remains in the same position . 
  they use euros . 
  * united in diversity !, 
  that is very true . 
  i just want to add that it is said that 2.15 children per woman are enough to keep the population constant .
