  unfortunately , newer eu states have exported so many * young * people , that we need far more children than famous 2.15 per woman to keep the population at * current * level . 
  if the emigration continues , it will be harder and harder to achieve a sufficient fertility rate . 
  in fact , it may even decline further . 
  [ guess what ? 
  ] ( https://jakubmarian.com/amount-of-alcohol-consumed-per-capita-by-country-in-europe-map/ ), 
  at first , it looked to me like a really fucked up spelling of * but w ryj * ( shoe in jaws ) . 
  i wonder if today isis would be number one . 
  also , this map is obviously anti-us . 
  they did n't include baltic countries and most of central and southeastern europe . 
   middle-east european that 's quite confusing . 
  that 's the best advertisement of the game ^ ( which is actually not that great ), 
  but there is no consensus in poland regarding kosovo . 
  risky click of the day . 
  not really . 
  my friend is all , but nationalist . 
  he is also a prospective international relations student with particular interest in southern slavs . 
  and he admits that kosovo is ( historically ) serbia . 
  we 're also one of the best ` not-e ' gaming nations . 
  we 've made several great board games and card games . 
  of course , we are not as potent as germany in this field . 
  but we 're the best in the central - and eastern europe . 
  he also made marvellous drawings for the board game called [ scythe ] ( https://boardgamegeek.com/boardgame/169786/scythe ) . 
  jokes aside , the castle looks incredible . 
  i have n't travelled through \u015al\u0105sk a lot and the castle seems to be a way more westernised ( ? ), 
  than any other i saw in poland . 
  you forgot the nsfw flair . 
  i got the not real-life example . 
  a few days ago i dreamt that i was in kabul . 
  it got quite nasty , so i had to find an embassy . 
  i remember that i found an embassy of germany and safe and sound landed in europe . 
  as soon as i woke up , i googled eu embassies in kabul . 
  fyi uk , germany , finland , and greece maintain their embassies in the capital of afganistan . 
  just in case this knowledge comes in handy . 
  thank you for the great explanation . 
  til that in nederlands both letters of diphthong are written in capital letters . 
  bought as new , not imported from germany  but you 're right mercedes is the king in albania . 
  i guess you include the government spending as well . 
  it may explain why some countries tend to buy rather expensive cars . 
  v90 is the most expensive . 
  i heard that swedish police had bought some of them , which may explain why v90 is the number one in sweden . ^ ^ or ^ ^ swedes ^ ^ are ^ ^ true ^ ^ patriots . 
  skoda is by no means a no-frill brand . 
  they offer cars of the same or almost the same quality as vw . 
  all advantages that vw has , skoda has as well ( e.g. 
  dsg ) . 
  by the way , skoda is owned by vw , so there is a substantial flow of technology . 
  there are virtually no no-frill cars in europe . 
  no-frill cars can be usually bought in south america . 
  do n't forget that skoda is owned by vw . 
  the quality is almost the same . 
  i personally really like skoda , their cars are reasonably priced for a very decent quality . 
  my parents have driven two skoda cars for five years with no substantial damage . 
  russia is more densely populated than iceland or canada . 
  i guess that the european part of russia , where 80 % of its citizens lives , has the population density similar to central eastern europe . 
  [ spoiler and source : more people live in malta than in iceland . 
  ] ( https://jakubmarian.com/comparison-of-iceland-and-malta/ ), 
  that seems reasonable . 
  given that there wo n't be any legacy carrier based at both airports i do n't see any reason ( right now ) to consolidate the traffic at one airport because there will bo no connections . 
  oh yes , there is eurowings , but they have very limited codeshares at berlin , do n't they ? 
  the value of the land may be a problem tho . 
  of course , i only speculate the bankruptcy of air berlin . 
  but it is highly likely . 
  speaking of ab , i heard that they seek to merge ( ? ), 
  with tui to form a leisure carrier . 
  i wonder what would happen with their regional and northern network then . 
  oneworld would certainly lose a big part of central-eastern europe passengers . ^ ( there would be a place for you lot ), 
  is there really a pressure on opening the airport as soon as possible ? 
  i know that the project has already cost millions . 
  but given that air berlin is constantly losing passengers and is about to go bankrupt , the capacity should not be a problem . 
  both sxf and txl ? 
  * cough in coal *, 
  not a christmas gift , but a birthday present . 
  my friend has his birthday at 26th december . 
  me , being totally procrastinative , at 25th , said to my friends : ` hey , we should buy a present ! ', 
  ` yeah , let 's go tomorrow ( 26th ) . ', 
  fuck no !, 
  everything is closed . 
  ` ok let 's just give him the present the very next day ' . 
  so we bought a very nice board game ( we love board games ) . 
  one problem : we did n't have any present paper . 
  so , one hour before we gave the present , we had made a collage of our photos and had printed it out in twelve copies . 
  luckily the game was in foil , so we just glued the collages . 
  then we wrapped it in a newspaper ( a shitty tabloid actually ) with a nice red ribbon . 
  so what he got was actually a box inside a shitty newspaper . 
  best last-minute gift ever . 
  you forget the / s tag . 
  if only they listened to new europe fellows ... 
  in nice , the truck was french ... 
  lithuania definitely wants to hang out . 
   these [ african ] countries are closer to them than my country and are better or comparable in terms of freedom , democracy , unemployment or global peace index . 
  well , it is technically true . 
  some of them are . 
  it 's not about poverty , it 's about the peace and ability to suit the * basic * needs of refugees . 
  that 's why 1.5 million ( ! ), 
  afghan refugees currently live in pakistan . 
   i do n't know if it is a good thing , but it did n't transform us into a ~ ~ postapocalyptic wasteland ~ ~ belgium either . 
  i can see the difficulties of saudi politics . 
  it 's a circlejerk of royals and imams seeking more power from each other tho . 
  the real problems are put aside . 
  on the other hand , i know that the citizens of saudi arabia are more or less ok with the situation . 
  i do n't really mind them having sharia law in * their * country .
