most people would say something `` along the lines of `` yeah , but freedom of speech has to be respected . '', 
  i ca n't hear them . 
  edit : oh no there they are . 
  i got this one . 
  ^ ^ ^ ^ i ^ ^ ^ ^ have ^ ^ ^ ^ been ^ ^ ^ ^ to ^ ^ ^ ^ italy ^ ^ ^ ^ alot, 
  a damn shame ... 
  you really need to fix the electoral collage , do n't you ? 
  my dad once told me : `` the worst thing about coming to germany is seeing clint eastwood speak german . '', 
  i agree with gynaecolog on this one . 
  the land belongs to the people who inhabit it , it 's simple democracy . 
  yeah you would think that spain, 
  you should . 
  hitler should have done this if he wanted to succeed . 
  neutrality does n't cause insignificance , insignificance causes neutrality . 
  there is no gain in war for us therefore we 're better off staying neutral . 
  since i 'm not irish or austrian i ca n't really give an insight of what it 's like there but as a swede , i am petrified . 
  my personal belief is that shit will hit the fan over here and when it does we 're better of being a part of nato than getting kicked while lying down by our old bully russia . 
  i would love for sweden to be neutral but shit , right now i 'd rather be safe than sorry . 
  all this depends on the upcoming election though . 
  polan can into butt raped ? 
  well i 'm glad we could be relevant :|, 
  sweden stronk , sweden relevant !, 
  well , as you hopefully have figured out those are just racists . 
  and the people who actually think that sweden is being overrun by immigrants are usually idiots . 
  sweden , a good example is the stockholm riots in 2013 . 
  basically described as sweden going into anarchy , even though this event was very isolated and even though i live in stockholm i was not affected at all . 
  no , we just do n't understand what you are saying . 
  that 's because we 're smart and understand the concept of money , unlike certain mountain swedes ... 
  fun fact : norway has been under the control of another scandinavian country for most of it 's existence . 
  that 's cute , the south swedes think they 're a separate country . 
  that 's cute , the mountain swedes think they 're capable of anything else than drinking their oil . 
  the netherlands will rule supreme !, 
  we had it last . 
  personally i hope they get third spot , because of this match ... 
  i just feel bad for them ... 
  that 's alittle bit harsh do n't you think ? 
  deal . 
  does anyone think that ? 
  can we get norway and finland back ? 
  if you invaded sk\u00e5ne we would say `` take it we do n't want it . '', 
  why would anyone ever want to have sk\u00e5ne ? 
  it 's horrible trying to listen to that gibberish !, 
  we 've got v\u00c4lf\u00c4rd !, 
  last time i checked you have only lost land in sweden since the kalmar union . 
  while we took norway , sk\u00e5ne , blekinge and halland . 
  word of advise , get on our level , 
   a much smaller country then sweden yes ... bow down to your rightful overlords . 
  indeed it does . 
  well most of my conversations with my friends are basically circlejerks . 
  we disagree on some point so we slowly start to shout louder and louder our opinions into each others faces until we realize we are n't discussing a useful matter , such as what specifically qualifies as a vacation . 
  too late , we 've already made up our minds . 
  yeah !, 
  i 'd say about 100 million , in other words , france + spain + portuga , l britain + ireland + beneloux nordic + germany + switzerland , italy + austria + czech + balkan and the rest in a big mash !, 
  eu vs russia ? 
  sounds good to me !, 
  not rome that place is terrible , i 'd say paris in stead of rome . 
  i 'm mean it 's the city of cities . 
  the exact geographical middle of europe is just north of vilnius in lithuania , but that 's counting in european russia . 
  so i guess somewhere in eastern germany or something maybe the czech republic . 
  apples new `` revolutionary '' product !, 
  there 's a first time for everything , 
  me and my friends had a bet going on and and put my money on spain ... 
  i 'm cheering for you now since none of my friends had the sense to put their money on you . 
  me and my friends had a bet going on ... my bet was on spain ... 
  my dad did military service and he speaks of it quite often and i 've never heard him speak of it in a bad way , i also have multiple friends whose parents did it and they also seemed to enjoy it . 
  ohh , cultural influence you say ? 
  well i do n't know about you but nowadays in europe your cultural influences are fucking eclipsed by america and britain . 
  which is probably the foremost reason why you should learn english in front of french , it is much easier with all the anglo influences . 
  something i hope you noticed while learning english . 
  god damn it france ... your language 's international position is in basically in the same position as a sheep locked in with a wolf . 
  depends on who i 'm talking to , if i 'm speaking to someone who might not know exactly what sweden is i will probably refer to myself as european . 
  i would unlike many other swedes though refer to myself as european in front of scandinavian . 
  i was just thinking how their work on preventing wwiii was , questionable at best . 
  mad never was the surest of plans . 
  hmmm , http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/world_war_iii#historical_close_calls, 
  what do you mean we cheat ? 
  you 're the ones who imitated the red wedding !, 
  well why do n't you waltz into a swedish class and start learning ? 
  seriously it seems you have no knowledge of swedish whatsoever , you just happen to know how google works . 
  i promise swedish is a very complicated language but these all work from the perspective of a native english speaker and of course other germanic languages will be easier to learn , than say mongolian . 
  but from the perspective of someone who has absolutely no idea of any germanic language say someone that has lived somewhere really secluded in micronesia swedish will be a lot harder to learn than english , german , spanish or french . 
  rule nr .1 anywhere do not start an argument with someone or something which you only know of because you just googled it . 
  and that begs the question , should i blindly believe what that says or should i believe actual people who have had to learn the language from scratch ? 
  radical idiots is something completely different and i do n't think those preschools will bring equality . 
  but people confuse the radical idiots with the real deal . 
  spanish , french or german . 
  when you 're 12 you get to choose , and most people choose spanish ( although i do n't know why , it 's pretty useless here ) . 
  thank you !, 
  almost everyone here in sweden knows at least three languages . 
  and most of those people think that these `` genus '' preschools are idiotic . 
  i really do n't get the hate on feminism ... 
  i 'm just gon na go out on a limb here and say no , you do not want to learn swedish . 
  why you say ? 
  well first of all more than 90 % of swedes speak english and started learning it from the age of 7 . 
  they will probably speak a lot better english than you will speak swedish since swedish is a very hard language to learn . 
  lot 's of parts of the swedish language is completely arbitrary , it does n't follow any rules on were to put certain words and is in general just a pain . 
  learning swedish will most likely not gain you anything since you will probably end up speaking english with swedes anyway . 
  these people are idiots and almost everyone knows it . 
  i 'm still in school and i know english + swedish and i 'm learning german and in three months i 'll start to learn either japanese or french . 
  i say we go and find some polio or smallpox .
