  perfect croatia, 
  why no oblast , you ca n't forget that oblast, 
  is asterix ... not french ? 
  my high school french teacher had the biggest boner for that cartoon so i always assumed that was the case, 
  typical brit !, 
  those fuckers, 
  being essentially the one constant administration through the entirety of the middle ages is definitely saying much . 
  thanks for the info !, 
  i 'd love to blow some cash in st. petersburg , anything to be wary of as an oblivious american tourist ? 
  islamic culture is incompatible with all these savings, 
   in-fact , you can directly point to nato as being the cause of russia 's recent aggressive stance . 
  the rest of your comment is pretty rough , but this part ... just idiotic bullshit, 
  your lobsters are n't working hard enough to integrate our lobsters , pretty soon our second and third generation lobsters will be committing lobster terrorism against your lobsters , crabs and fish , and it 's all your lobsters ' fault, 
  please do n't upvote him , he insists on playing a stereotypical idiot character around here and it 's cringe-inducing . 
  his thread was rightfully downvoted for misconstruing ` st. 
  paddy ' as ` st. 
  patty ' and continuing to do so even when shown how incredibly obnoxious and ignorant it came off . 
  like red and green flags !, 
  i 'd use a tear gas cannon, 
  what if they have more battering rams ? 
  the cannibalism is intended to be on the same level of absurdity as the marching giraffes and gold press , it 's derivative in the same manner, 
  the cartoon uses comedic levels of exaggeration for each panel . 
  britain literally squeezing gold pieces out of a pressed native symbolizing a general extraction of resources , the belgian eating a native points to a perverse history with mutilated body parts , etc, 
  i 'm gon na take a guess and say that he 's referencing the infrastructure provided by colonial powers , sorta like the joke about hitler giving germany the autobahn, 
  i figured it was venice lol, 
  how 's that agenda working out, 
  it 's time to make france great again, 
  you just got bourg 'd, 
  it 's basically muslims wearing monocles, 
  i 'm aware , i was responding to someone who cited the civil war as an example, 
  the south had no choice but to begrudgingly suck our balls after we beat them into submission and annihilated their infrastructure . 
  if greeks or poles were pressured into federation under such circumstances i 'd imagine they 'd die fighting before ever accepting such a union, 
  makes sense , queens can do damage from anywhere on the field , whereas kings can only move one space at a time , or so i 've heard, 
   if greece drops out , the euro 's credibility will be strengthened and other eu countries will consider joining wut, 
  there were and still are large , fundamental faults in the banking/financial practices of us , europe and china that were the actual cause of the crisis . 
  the driving force behind all of this was a society-wide misunderstanding of debt and credit , and what these things actually meant to an economy . 
  as much as the iraq war hurt it was n't the root cause . 
   the iraq war basically created the financial crisis could you expand on that point ? 
  contributed to , yea sure i might give you that , but ` basically created ' ? 
  what ? 
  how could you piss in allah 's mouth like that, 
   he chose france for the airbus deal and italy to visit the pope . 
  a pragmatic leader , i like that . 
   i do n't know what it is with people thinking the scottish as a whole want to leave , and that we forced them to stay . 
  do n't go on liveleak then !, 
   i 'm not saying that all romas are like that so there are romas that do integrate ? 
  like they actually participate in everyday society , school , job etc ? 
  no it 's worse , the color key is deceiving at first glance, 
  now ? 
  that 's even worse than if you did n't make any arrests at all , why does germany intentionally try to piss everyone off so much / s, 
  but where 's cheeseburg ? 
  hitler 's home planet, 
  anytime i read about turkey voicing an opinion on anything , it seems like reality always ends up being ` honestly turks dont really give a shit ', 
   ... and , of course , the politicisation of islam by a power-hungry terrorist organisation . 
   * and , of course * i like how he casually tosses that little atomic bomb on the end of it , like * ` yea yea that part too , whatever ' *, 
   whether the reporters themselves feel pressured to report a certain way though the way he 's describing it though it seems like the ` pressure ' is mostly political , whereas reporters in parts of africa might be looking at getting shot, 
   the mena has to figure out a way to become a productive part of the 21st century instead of just exporting it 's victims and malcontents . 
  that 's totally what needs to happen , but quite frankly i do n't even know how that could be done . 
  if you 're president of like , libya , what the fuck do you even do , where do you start, 
  the uk is an absolutely essential ally on the world stage , we should always have their blessing before taking serious shit on, 
   i highly doubt germany is out to get europe in every measure , but considering they seem to call all the shots nowadays i understand why people think that . 
  but when the eu succeeds at certain things , it does n't seem like public opinion gives proportional credit to germany, 
  up to that point britain had never really been at the forefront of civilization either , but had they been in the vicinity of the ottoman buzzsaw , followed by 4 centuries of tax revenue drained into constantinople , they too would be described as such . 
  you cant write off how an independant bulgaria/serbia/greece would 've played out in that time frame . 
  ... i 'm now interested to see where israel would place on this graphic, 
  a rat 's ... anus ? 
   people who do n't know what a ruble is should fucking google it . 
  euros would be more relevant than dollars here , but assessing value in rubles is silly if nobody knows what the fuck a ruble is * worth * without doing research on it . 
  so there are germans that would call germany ` eastern europe ' ? 
   in 2009 , your national railway was losing two million euros - per day whaa . . what ? 
  how does that even happen, 
  i would pay to see these guys in concert, 
  boxes full of razor wire !, 
  not sure if i 'm stepping on toes here but i bet it would be fucking incredible to witness full-scale church services there , if only to see how the people who actually built it envisioned it, 
  somalians have plenty of gold and jewels , they just bury it in treasure chests on the beach, 
  they sound pretty badass !, 
   collaborate * corroborate, 
  sounds like a sweet deal , i 'd suck dick for authentic greek cuisine, 
  ... so basically to take back constantinople all you need to do is-aww shit the turks are back shhh everyone be quiet, 
  is this not concerning to you ? 
  do you * want * russia 's economy to fall apart ? 
  boy , talk about pointless correlations ... 
  pierre-henry 's title was only the first part , op included the first sentence of the article itself in his post for some reason . 
  that 's awesome, 
  i 'm just here to break the perfect chain of poland flairs, 
  it 's kinda hard to believe any country is doing `` astonishingly well '' compared to the eurozone . 
  the people sponsoring this rally are n't going to publicly advocate for the human diarrhea that was chanting this . 
  responsibility for the wrong-doing is very fractured and messy . 
  given that law enforcement there already has to walk on eggshells to begin with , there 's no political capital for going one-on-one with them in such a crackdown . 
  let 's just hope assyrians can be somewhat welcoming and non-judgmental toward their new overlords, 
  so like ... any apologies issued or anything ? 
  that 's insane, 
  many american punks still commit vandalism to this day, 
  that 's perfect !, 
  it ties together so many beautiful cultures, 
  he only looks like that when people make eye contact with him , cause he knows what he 's about to get a mouth-and-eyesocket-ful of  he knows who pays the electric bill, 
  i like that better, 
  hah , your username gave me a serious nostalgia rush , all those snl marathons on comedy central . 
  good times . 
  this should be the top comment .
