i think that kind of less-theological religion can be stable in a heavily communal setting , where religion and ethnicity are intertwined . 
  the ottoman millet system , more or less slightly off-topic question for you in regards to this ; before the flurry of independence movements in the balkans , would you say these various groups were more accepting of lacking political independance , given the advantages that came with living under a powerful ottoman state ? 
  or was the demand for independance always there , and the 1800s was simply right place , right time ? 
  cool flag tho, 
  i want to go to germany too , i 've always been fascinated by syrian culture, 
  seems like there 's a ton of romanians on the internet , surprised they 're light blue, 
  if trump wins i 'm taking a boat to italy, 
  how could you europe , this was somebodys child , and you just sat back and collectively murdered him like that . 
  ahhh zombies, 
  lol, 
  yea that shit sucked balls , sorry about that, 
  wealthy muslim countries do n't hesitate to perform the human rights piledriver on these people . 
  with europe , there 's a lot of messy treaties and paperwork involved . 
  no piledriving on eus watch or you 'll be getting fined . 
  * `` refugees '' *, 
  so what happens if , god forbid , some point down the line sweden/denmark/norway hits serious economic turmoil and these standards are compromised , is their club membership threatened ? 
  hey you have red white and blue in your flag too !, 
  we 're brothers now , i love you, 
  he seems like quite a loose butthole , i think a prolonged mock beheading is in order, 
  but how do we stop these croatians from bombing the middle east ? 
  how can we convince them to leave isis alone ? 
  at some point interns are gon na need to go back to the drachma and devalue it until they can compete with the other workers, 
  eggcorns are the four-leaf clovers of words, 
  but he 's just gon na come back with even stronger determination , riding an acme rocket , blaming bugs and daffy for getting between him and his best bro road runner, 
  ouch, 
  austria is * `` sound of music '' * ? 
  sorry but until further notice it 's * `` hitler was born here '' * . 
  is this something to look down upon ? 
  they look pretty chill and honestly it looks sorta fun, 
  no thanks, 
  france , uk , poland , romania, 
  this is awesome , i love posts like this, 
  no matter what happens , we can always look forward to romanians and bulgarians complaining about the wonderful situation you guys are in, 
  merkel is one person i would n't trust with haircuts :p, 
  very interesting read , thank you for posting this, 
  he 's saying he does n't support eu unity as it exists in its current form , where german banks tell irish people to act like a respectable recovery has happened . 
  what happened with cyprus , anyway ? 
  it seemed like shit blew up for a minute a few years ago then it sorta stabilized ... ? 
  no info on albania ? 
  agreed , they should n't have invited him and he should n't have went ... 
  but they invited him , and he went , that 's how life played out in this particular timeline and those are the realities that must be dealt with . 
  whatever number of beers he 's expected to pay back , we now acknowledge that his entire years income is worth half a beer . 
  by following up this revelation with demand for fast repayment , you 're basically giving him a week to sell his house , his car , any asset that could conceivably generate beer in the future , just to prove a point to other party guests . 
  then you 're giving him an additional week to learn how to survive in the wilderness while making his own beer from scratch . 
  ' the hangover is partially your fault because you insist on obstructing his ability to get advil until he gives you back 3 beers for every one he drank, 
   i do n't see why greece - of all places - should be allowed to have such an unbalanced , unfunded and unfair to younger generations pension system . 
  they absolutely should address this when they actually have means to , but in this immediate moment , it 's just cutting pension lifelines . 
  so then within stagnant workforce you 're either making more older people be unemployed and fucked , or having old people displace even more young workers into unemployment . 
  why ? 
  it 's awesome , between things like this , and the fact that turks were able to shake things up even a little bit this past election , i feel like they 've made some respectable diplomatic headway recently . 
  they could be an awesome ally, 
   every day is the first day of the rest of your life . 
  sir , it would be an honor to stare longingly at a river alongside you . 
  many investors who think they 're sealed off from eventual default are gon na come to find they do n't have near as much capital as they think they do . 
  it 's time for italy to start giving out free visas with all accommodations possible to let these migrants go straight into the heart of europe , until these leaders are forced to do something . 
  the eu survives on the marginalization of periphery states , when faced with crisis these states ' only leverage is to either stagnate or pull out a stick of dynamite . 
  as long as eu officials do n't have to answer to anyone but their own countrymen , any crisis facing eu will always be hot potato . 
  i 'm not terribly familiar with irish politics but from what i read they seem like a model eu member , and i 'm not just saying that because i 'm 1/4 irish on my dogs side . 
  how do you define success for a government tasked with appeasing both its austerity-ravaged voter base and international creditors who have your economic balls in a vicegrip ? 
  after centuries under roman/christian/ottoman-turkish spheres of influence , to say either modern fyrom or greece has any significant connection to ancient macedonia is laughable . 
  putin 's been very chatty lately , i wonder what he 's got up his sleeve these days . 
  it 's weird to think brazil and armenia exist in the same universe . 
  being pirates , plundering sweden for its delicious gold and welfare, 
  she 's still waiting for a proposal too :p, 
  for everything else , there 's debit, 
  putin playing smash bros , 
  for the record , texas is n't really in the us , we just tell them that whenever they 're in the same room, 
  any international community britain leaves would be weaker . 
  gb has a pretty big nutsack with some sway , their voice comes with a lot of complaints , but it 's still an essential voice to stand alongside with . 
  how do modern spaniards approach their history with muslims ? 
  is islam accepted as a component of spanish history , or is it more swept under the rug ? 
  germany looked cool with the two prongs sticking into poland , so that :3, 
  this one would be awesome !, 
  he is n't heard now ? 
  the constantinople that turks conquered was a barren , depopulated husk of its former glory , thanks to christian crusaders destroying and draining the city of its remaining wealth a few centuries earlier . 
  address radicalization of kebab, 
   where other states finance greece 's deficits ad infinitum this phrasing is very misleading , they 're shooting for a fiscal transfer mechanism between * any * trade deficit/trade surplus states , which is a perfectly reasonable goal for the sustainability of common currency, 
  guys , i think i want to have sex with varoufakis, 
  your post made me google ` bulgaria czech 1968 ' and read up on what that was ... damn man . 
  it 's also quite embarrassing that nato had absolutely nothing to say about it at the time . 
  shit runs smoother with a lingua franca though, 
  the atlantic is a giant lake , not a sea, 
  we did n't get the rest of the uk until austin powers and braveheart , this film could 've opened us up to wales the same way, 
  longshanks ? 
   any country where 100 year old buildings are considered historic is not worth my time . 
   finland , estonia , or latvia along with some real european countries . 
  why do you insist on sounding so obnoxiously american ? 
  throwing around a general knowledge of europe does n't excuse this nonsense . 
  yea you 're probably right, 
  leonidas gives strength to defeat germanic tribes, 
  i disagree, 
  do n't worry , we all know baltics is best europe, 
  that 's fucking awesome, 
  why are so many of these cool info maps on r/europe have to be eu only ? 
  i want to learn more about countries like switzerland and belarus, 
  europe would be better off trying to find some sort of sea route to china across the atlantic , assuming the earth is indeed round . 
  good thinking , cover our tracks, 
  hey if we can get sweden on board , we 'll finally have enough nato bases to completely destroy russia !, 
  now if we can just trick the russians into letting their guard down one more time , we 'll be set, 
  a us/canada/uk super union would be tits , lets make it happen,
