  you notice a lot of people mention ` the economy ' as one of many categories for measuring integration success ... but the economy is everything . 
  when people are pissed off and broke and feel like there 's no end in sight , lofty international ambitions are the last thing you give a shit about . 
  there 's * two * sicilies ?!, 
  all pictures of maple syrup, 
  i read somewhere that it was drawn by turkish admiral piri reis in 16th century, 
   except a lot of people do say `` constantinople is greek '' without irony how many of those people are of a comparable status and influence to erdogan ? 
  just let him whine endlessly about us in peace , it 's the easiest solution, 
  what is your flair ? 
  it looks like a picture, 
  brown , green , black, 
  planets, 
  when i was in grade school , for me ( and most of my peers ) our understanding of the middle ages was ( more or less ) christianity zapped romans out of existence , everyone had rat diseases until da vinci made paintings . 
  reading about greeks being legitimate romans in the middle ages , it 's kinda mind-boggling that none of this shit was mentioned anywhere in school books , especially considering the reverence people ascribe to ancient greece . 
  how is life there ? 
  do you visit them ? 
  well ... so who 's king of the geats and wends now ? 
   peking order, 
  is your username a single word ? 
  what does it mean, 
  what the fuck ... 
   aegea that 's a sexy little palindrome, 
  one day they will appreciate our vast contributions to humanity, 
  bitches ca n't handle my hellenic heritage, 
  hey i 'm from philadelphia !, 
  that makes me 1/32 greek, 
  it was like a scripted comedy , he gets like one or two paragraphs in before looking up and seeing blank , confused stares haha . 
  ... it still blows my mind that something like this could play out . 
  even after making maltese an official eu language , did they just assume no one from malta would ever deliver a speech , and then inform no one of this ? 
   usa flair  arse what the fuck is wrong with you, 
  if you were walking down the street and saw an assortment of croats and serbs , could you tell them apart ? 
  i 'm not the guy you were responding to , but the ` victimization ' thing was about the part where you were bracing for downvotes, 
   also i think cyprus ca n't become a full eu member until the issue is resolved . 
  cyprus is n't a full eu member ? 
  what, 
   still have tons of catching up to do and might not ever catch up maybe not all , but i bet we 'll totally see poland and romania at `` western '' living standards within our lifetime , barring any catastrophic wars or occupation, 
  ... what ? 
  they didnt get a pass for drawing mohammed , one point they even had to publicly express an end to any covers featuring him . 
  they get a pass here because there 's no fundamentalist italians that will storm hebdo offices with guns blazing . 
  yea , the rock band member is way cooler, 
   many of them are thieves and ethnic russians . 
  lol, 
   ban that makes said women sit in the house or get naked and suffer a punishment beating at the hand of the husband yea it 's totally the ban that makes that happen and not , ya know , brainwashed husbands committing domestic abuse . 
  come on france , cant you just let muslims oppress their women in peace ? 
  i 'm not very familiar with earthquake stuff , but if you placed most other cities in that geographic area at that time , would they not have similar wreckage ? 
  argentina 's a 3rd world country ? 
  that 's not how alliances work, 
  china 's catching up ? 
  they 're currently balls deep in dumping billions into their banks just to keep the economy from imploding . 
  the question of sustainability falls just as much at their feet as ours . 
  `` these are not the athletes you 're looking for '', 
  smart move , why should russia be allowed to avoid poop water and peanut-head babies, 
   iraqi man it 's funny how some western news sources reveal nothing of a terrorist 's identity until like the second to last paragraph of the article , then this arabic news source goes in with ` iraqi ' right in the headline, 
  the attacks in france seem to be much more directly-coordinated isis attacks , they themselves have immediate photos and information on the carnage in nice . 
  the orlando shooter just gave them credit and they were like ` yea sure whatever ' . 
  awesome flag though !, 
  hey is n't that the guy that tried to give a speech to the eu then realized no one was translating lol, 
  yeah but longshanks though, 
  wow , that translation actually makes it seem pretty reasonable . 
  i was expecting full-on soviet propaganda . 
  ` despise ' might not be the right word , but let 's be real , the average american working 2 part time jobs living paycheck-to-paycheck will call themselves middle class a million times before they admit to being lower class . 
  because hey , government assistance means being a trashy obese single mother waiting in line for welfare , and i 'm certainly not one of them !, 
  the stigma is real , we 'll acknowledge that poverty exists in america , but we 'll go to amazing lengths to avoid admitting that we , as individuals , could be one of * them *, 
  r/latins _ squatting, 
  if i walked up to ptolemy or alexander the great and asked them where they live , would they say ` ellada ' or ` hellas ' or something like that ? 
  what would be a more appropriate catch-all term for these possessions instead of just ` spain ' ? 
  it just seems like spain , [ i mean look at this map from 1600 ] ( http://www.euratlas.net/history/europe/1600/1600.jpg ), 
   try to discredit the `` mind '' that operates the pen . 
   try to the moment she made those comments , she already discredited herself . 
  france is our surrogate mother , nurturing our democracy :3, 
   obviously a playstation is a better console than a snes . 
  the day my child says those words to me , he better be ready to eat dinner out of the trashcan . 
  well ... ... ... . . did you ? 
  really ? 
  i think it looks quietly beautiful , safe , and well-kept , i 'd be proud to call that my part of the world, 
  it 's bordering belarus and ukraine, 
  that 's actually really interesting , shit . 
  ... . btw , has australia always been on the r/europe map on the right ? 
  just noticed that, 
  interesting , i would 've assumed estonia would have giant , freezing mountain ranges . 
  til, 
   i could list every country in europe and exactly how they treated the jews how would you classify turkey/ottoman empires history with jews ? 
  just curious, 
  we definitely need more gulen memes , very undervalued, 
  i think the joke is his transylvania flair , called pennsylvania instead , etc etc, 
  ahh , i could n't tell if the beer/sausage was intended for belgium or germany , thanks, 
  the northwestern coast of africa is practically tailor-made as a spot to put a color key or website name on maps of europe, 
  no , just no, 
  but where 's cheeseburg, 
  [ ben plz ] ( https://cdn.meme.am/instances/250x250/39689446/ben-franklin-quotes-flew-kites-and-shit-winds-up-on-a-hundred-dollar-bill.jpg ), 
  man that is so fucking tight , that little corner flag symbol is like a shoulder patch logo on a hockey jersey , it represents the identity in such a beautifully understated fashion, 
  hey i know something , i learned here that the first estonia flag was saved by college kids !, 
  can you provide a source on this ? 
  i 'd love to read more on such relics being in central asia and farther east , as well as these people 's perceptions of byzantines in general, 
  that second cartoon absolutely nails erdogan 's weird half-shaved lip hair, 
  why ? 
  at some point your floor is gon na have to learn how the real world works , you ca n't coddle it with socks forever, 
  if you cant tell the difference between such fundamentalists then i highly encourage you to spend your next vacation in the the islamic state to see the difference for yourself, 
   whether it 's fundamentalist christians in america or fundamentalist muslims in netherlands , fundamentalists are all pretty much the same . 
  they all hate each other and everyone else both hitler and that guy that cut me off in traffic the other day are basically the same people , they 're all just big jerks, 
  so in an absolute sense , a country 's eu representatives rank above their non-eu leadership ?
