  not sure if that 's a retarded question , not sure how to phrase it properly, 
  they feel a kinship with swamp turks , they share similar heritage / s, 
  wait a mintue , i just read that donald tusk is polish ... what 's going on here ? 
  interesting , the mcd 's here you walk up to the counter , wait 40 seconds for the cashier to finish the story she 's telling another employee , and then find the table farthest away from any napping heroin addicts, 
  we could end internet retardation worldwide by waiting for people like you to finally die off, 
  brand does n't matter when you have a waist string with ends dangling at knee length, 
  not to mention this sentiment empowers her 100x more than if they were to simply ignore her and not paint her as a legit threat ... 
  how is ` xila ' related to ` ionian ' ? 
  i 'm having trouble making the connection, 
  my knowledge of charlemagne knows no bounds , we have the best history books folks / s, 
  im guessing luxembourg, 
  tl ; dr give back constantinople, 
  you 're misunderstanding him , he 's saying -  the big problem here is that trump could benefit . 
  sarcastically , as a set up for expressing his amazement . 
  it 's crazy how some people can be so on the whole greece/austerity train that they will actually defend portugal and spain 's struggles as a success story, 
  never said they were different words , but rather different-sounding words, 
  ` potato , potato ' is an everyday spoken phrase , verbalized as * po-tay-to , po-tah-to * , meaning different-sounding words actually being the same thing ( in this case armenia/turkey ) the phrase really does n't translate to writing , since either pronounciation of ` potato ' is still spelled the same, 
  both comments you are replying to are throwing shade at you , implying that armenia and turkey are one and the same, 
  spain ate too much arab food , they got califat, 
  he still seems jolly to me, 
  someone seriously needs to make a movie about this , americans would fucking love a story like this and it would give estonia some long-overdue attention here, 
  dude that original flag is so fucking cool, 
  i can get on board with that , i guess i just do n't like the word * compensation * in that context, 
   the `` compensation '' is the service of publishing itself , which furthers the scientist 's career . 
  a ` furthering of your career ' does n't pay bills that are due * now *, 
  these maps would benefit considerably from labels and dates explaining the context of each country 's invasion, 
  no need to go down the semantics rabbithole , he replied to a thead about bulgarian christian traditions saying he hates anything catholic , pretty obvious what he was trying to say, 
  bulgarians are orthodox , not catholic, 
  the putin stencil still works swimmingly , however, 
   this gigantic army is feared by many imo . 
  first of all by competing world powers ( mainly the us , russia , china ) wait , we do n't want a strong eu army ? 
  i think that would be badass, 
  unless you can connect this to the small instance of comedic irony i found in the situation , i reiterate , go fuck yourself, 
  god the irony of mali being the country thats like ` nah fuck em we do n't want those people in our country , we 're not taking them ' lol, 
  i think he 's referring to the word ` counts ' , its use as both [ act of tallying an amount of something ] and [ things that matter ] probably would n't translate directly from russian , although i do n't speak it so maybe there is , by some weird coincidence , a single russian word that has those two specific meanings, 
  red means a lot of murders , grey means a fucking bloodbath lol, 
  do all those women normally wear those head scarves , or is it just because it 's a special occasion at the school ? 
  of all the ways to try to put canada over us in your personification , you seriously went with * jobs * ? 
  what, 
   some of them believe that if they get rid of saudis their country will dissolve into chaos uhh ... that 's pretty much exactly what will happen , no ? 
  boris johnson seems like the kind of guy that could walk through a town about to be destroyed by an atom bomb , and all effects of the explosion would just barely miss him in a comedic fashion , with boris walking out completely unscathed, 
  why do people want to sit in the sun and be all hot and sweaty ? 
  fuck that i 'll take gray rainy sadness any day, 
  italy has the greatest slices of life, 
   angela merkel now is the leader of the free world . 
  hahahahahahahahahahaaa, 
  also mockba poccnr, 
  i mean , i could see him being in robin hood , as far as i know you 've passed the europe test , congrats, 
   no one that lives around that area would ever enter the sea or use those public beaches ... why ? 
  is actually beating the person up normal protocol , or is it something that just occasionally happens ? 
  ... and thus finland retains it 's pure , unadulterated northern-ness , unscathed by the sodomites of lesser regions, 
  i always remember it as bottom one closest to poland , poland-lithuania bang boom , estonia has nordic stuff or something so top , then process of elimination leaves latvia middle, 
  mmm some nice warm , greasy grapes, 
   anders celsius was n't he in the first star wars ? 
  in fairness macron did n't use the phrase * ` first lady ' * anywhere , the guardian injected those words . 
  he wants to give his wife political power , think of it what you will but that in itself is n't an explicitly american thing, 
  running through wheat fields sorta sounds awesome though , no ? 
  why 's that not good, 
  hoooly shit that is awesome, 
  is there any historical literature discussing this ? 
  or is the penis more like folklore among families ? 
  we twins now :3, 
  so i could visit this wonderful stone civilization ? 
  this looks like a place you 'd try to walk in to and immediately a dozen heavily-armed maltese soldiers would descend and arrest you, 
  generally the rooster lays the cartons, 
  far worse than eu 's diplomacy of quietly mumbling and doing nothing, 
  dude that 's not nothing , i actually had teachers who thought that spain spent hundreds and hundreds of years under islamic rule, 
  that type of phrasing is meant to imply that the stereotype is applicable to poles here as well , ie if you 're in a thread where canadians are being assholes , you might say ` and i thought americans were the assholes ! ', 
  etc etc, 
  david, 
   but it 's easy to always point to the weaker party as the evil one . 
  he did n't say anyone was evil , rather that they are n't held accountable for their non-diplomacy, 
   this battle is way too unknown byzantines are way too unknown . 
  if you told any of my classmates back in school that there were still actual romans around in the 1400s they 'd think you were tarding out, 
  ahh , the ol' reddit dictator-a-roo, 
  scandinavian banter is my favorite , always danes coming from outta nowhere with slam dunks, 
  martel `` the charles '' hammer, 
  you promised me you would n't say that in front of other people, 
  i know this is redundant , but its still mind-boggling to me that theres actually a country that has shared borders with both the eu and fucking syria and saddam 's iraq . 
  that 's crazy to think about, 
  not a bad idea , chinese guys leading eu would be much more keen on securing business interests and borders for europe, 
  it looks more intimate , i bet their proceedings are more sensual than most, 
  there should be one bathroom for dumps , and one for pissing . 
  much easier for everyone, 
  good lord that last quote is * brutal *, 
  even northern ireland !, 
  i did n't have to click anything to read his joke , what service is your comment providing here exactly ? 
   because germans do n't vote idiots like that into office to begin with . 
  well , except for that one guy ... :p, 
   and thus the world will rejoice when the final world empire finally dies like all the other oppressive empires of the past hundreds of years . 
  * `` bwhahahaha , stupid ottoman , british , french , and all other empires , you are no more , we have won '' * boy you sure avenged the downtrodden with that one !, 
  girl fighting 3 barbarians at once while dude on the left is playing with a globe lol, 
  reading that link makes it seem that guy was already on good speaking terms with soviets, 
  when did that happen ? 
  and got more fat boy granny ass, 
   but with the world together , especially china and the eu - us can become a 2nd or 3rd world country over night . 
  lol slow down there tiger, 
  it 's not too late to explore earth , surely there are lands you have n't seen yet !, 
  go see the world !, 
  i ( and various childhood friends ) loved that song growing up , loved watching the tiny toons rendition , etc. . .
