  next thing we know , eu becomes part of the uk . 
  but surely some of our vizeleutnants are buoyant . 
  for me the benefit is that certain doubtful practices now are clearly accepted or rejected by the vfgh , so future elections have a clearer framework . 
  it is obvious if you look at the results of the problematic districts compared to the rest that no relevant fraud has happened . 
  if we ca n't manage to hold a valid election we need to practice . 
  there 's precedent , originating from a 1920s decision and consistently applied ever since , that opportunity-creating breaking of rules is sufficient to overturn . 
  quickly without von delay . 
  it 's been a decade or more , so i do n't have any sources , but i distinctly remember reading an interview where rammstein denied deriving their name from ramstein ( air force base ) , claiming they just took two words that sounded good together ( ramm-stein = ramming/battering stone ) . 
  also , halld\u00f3rsson sounds a bit like halt-tor - ( son ) , so prevent-goal-son . 
  also that clapping thing sounds fucking scary . 
  we need to start doing that at metal gigs before the band comes on stage . 
  u wot m8 ? 
  what 's - left kingdom of some parts of britain, 
  father of piglets ? 
  wales has to stay so we can call the remainder of the uk `` wangland '' . 
  it will be , in retrospect . 
  when i went to school , being 2 minutes late gave you a good chance of being in class before the teacher anyway . 
  on the other hand , they might just elect him president there , and the secret service will have to protect him from all those things . 
  all of france ... i see . 
  the year is 2016 ad . 
  gaul is entirely occupied by the muslims . 
  well , not entirely ... one small village of indomitable gauls still holds out against the invaders . 
  and life is not easy for the djihadists who garrrison the fortified camps of allahum , akbarum , halalum and offwiththeirheadium ... 
  a seine-sation ? 
  source ? 
  that was not in the bbc article . 
   vapourize g : waiter , the last time we were here , you had this sensational smoked hare on the menu . 
  is it out of season now ? 
  w : au contraire , sir . 
  but for your personal well-being we do n't smoke the hare anymore . 
  please give our new li\u00e8vre vaporis\u00e9 a try , you wo n't be disappointed . 
  g : certainly . 
  could you recommend a wine to go along with that ? 
  and because crimes are only ever committed by muslims , we can safely assume that this crime was also commited by a muslim and publicly state our disgust with islam as a comment on an article about said crime and not look * at all * like an irrational ~ ~ racist ~ ~ islamophobic dipshit . 
  ah , good times . 
  edit : islam is not a race , even when the incident in question involves cars on a road . 
  marital law ? 
  f [ ] ank [ ] uck you . 
  from the article :  the four internet companies will review reports of hate speech in less than 24 hours and remove the content or disable access so they are judging whether the content in question is illegal hate speech and should be removed . 
  obviously it is their choice anyway whether they * want * something on their platform or not ; and illegality is certainly a good criterion for that ( even if only to protect their users from themselves ) . 
  the more i think about it the less i understand why this still feels problematic to me . 
   this is the same as is done for lots of other illegal content . 
  that is correct . 
  dmca takedown notices come to mind . 
   if you want to say something that 's not quite inciting hatred , but still close enough that facebook , twitter , google and all their competitors in the same market refuse you , set up your own hosting . 
  absolutely . 
    i 'm not entirely against regulation for combating hate speech , but this is just horrible . 
   why ? 
  we 're talking about speech which is already illegal . 
  yes but we 're forcibly outsourcing the judgement on what is illegal and what is n't to facebook . 
  that 's certainly a bit worrisome in my opinion . 
  at the canadian border . 
   neuland that really needs to become an english loan word like rucksack and blitzkrieg . 
  and if both parties agree to be judged by those courts and adhere to their findings , that is their choice . 
  of course , if one or both of the parties are * forced * then that is a different matter . 
  keep in mind he was driving home drunk from a gay bar when the mossad assaulted him with a banana peel on the road . 
  that raises the funny a bit again . 
  warning : may contain conspiracy theories . 
  funny is limited by the fact that a person died . 
   everything in german is just one word . 
  `` alles '' . 
  did i miss the part when we dug out qatar and sent it to the moon ? 
  well , he used arabic digits , had obvious ties to the al-gebra group , and was probably able to get weapons of maths instruction on short notice . 
  while some might say that he could be integrated , might even add that a calculated risk could be taken , it 's really the sum of all those things that makes the difference . 
  this guy clearly is a big number , maybe he 's even behind 0.818181818 ... 
  a love for human rights and a severe distate for fascism ? 
  so a filthy foreigner has been stealing austrian taxpayers ' money ? 
  we should ask nobody that . 
  there were no * fasces * at all !, 
  they did n't even speak latin !, 
   the effort to secure that is insurmountable . 
  so . . roughly on the same level as folding that corpse-of-a-thousand-trees ballot back up ? 
  ( j/k of course , electronic voting is bad ), 
  the people : `` it 's horrible , we must do * something * . '', 
  the fascists : `` technically , fascism is ` something ' . '', 
  the people : '' ~ ~ hooray ~ ~ heil ! '', 
  if it makes you add a second negation to your sentence when it did n't need another one , it 's just the perfect strength . 
  does n't starbucks usually have fairly normal ( albeit their own brand , iirc ) espresso machines ? 
  you da mvp . 
  ( marmeladinger verachtender player ), 
  you should be upvoted at least this ** o / ** high ( l ) . 
  as soon as france is as blond as hitler , standing as tall as goebbels and is as healthy and sporty as goering . 
  delicious water btw * takes a sip of wine *, 
  with plenty of lubricant around ... 
  i 'm an oil driller and i 'm okay i drill all night and drill all day, 
   tell that to the extremes of the political axis on the other hand there 's this amazing piece of drywall that i could try to convince that swans can be gay , which sounds like a much less futile effort . 
   democracy is about electing the best talker and not necessarly the most competent . 
  democracy is about changing government without bloodshed , mostly . 
   if only the european union would have been a bit tougher on external migration , that would have helped a lot in letting britain stay in the eu . 
  you might very well be right but that argument does n't make a lot of sense imo . 
  the uk is n't part of schengen and it 's an island ( well ... several islands ) . 
  people being granted asylum in germany or france would n't really affect the uk , would they ? 
   ring the alarm !, 
  [ can do ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c4fjgwvpbm0 ), 
  i did n't downvote but you definitely sound like you have more tin foil in your wardrobe than i have in my kitchen . 
  so i think the flag had nothing to do with the downvotes . 
  i think we found the one topic where a sane person would use those words . 
  in fact , forget about the queen and the world . 
  well that 's of course a different argument than / u/daehd _ moroz ', 
  well then * something * good will come from that , so - yay !,
