as a dutchman i kind of agree . 
  our comedy shows are juvenile and not a lot of fun . 
  there are some comedians with promise , but the trend seems to be either juvenile or being overtly negative about people and things ( which is , to me , also juvenile ) . 
  however we are not without humour entirely . 
  a lot of dutch appreciate a subtle dry humour , humour most american ( soldiers ) would not recognise at the time . 
  as many myths , stereotypes and views , it is often based on a false impression and/or misunderstanding . 
  well , i work in the traveling industry , meet a lot of travelers/tourists and i can tell you a lot of our countrymen with a little more cash then average can act quite horrible . 
  the so called `` bn-ers '' ( sort of famous countrymen for the non dutchies ) feature quite a lot of people who can compare their behaviour with most of the mentioned russians . 
  i have quite a list of `` bn-ers '' i have met and would like to punch in the face  but , now i think of it , the wealthy obnoxious russians we are talking about now , do seem to be in a different category of horrible . 
  where the nasty rich in europe see other people as inferior and being arrogant to them , those russians seem to think they are alone on the world , like the example of the russian on the road ( post bij the greatostrich slightly above ) seems to show . . 
  but when i spend some time at a russian family with a below average income , i was treated extremely nice and met a lot of friends of them being the same . . 
  so the basis is there , maybe being a relative new layer of rich people which makes them as obnoxious as they are . 
  indeed , i find russians without a lot of money quite nice and hospitable . 
  russians with money a lot less , but i do n't think thats reserved for that country alone ... 
  no they are not . 
  unless the country they come from cancels the immunity . 
  but a diplomat can do pretty much whatever they want , as long as they do n't piss off their `` boss '' . 
  the only thing a country can do is refuse entry . 
  it 's a kind of shotgun from the early days of firearms . 
  famously used in the independance war in de us and by pirates . 
  it could be loaded with more than just a bullet ( think forks , stones , etc ) so it made for a very versatile weapon . 
  it 's name comes from `` donderbus '' , which came from the sound it makes when fired ( donder = thunder ) . 
  http://nl.wikipedia.org/wiki/donderbus / http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/blunderbuss, 
  true , but the northeast part of north-holland is n't called west-friesland without a reason  and back in the days , without the afsluitdijk and flevoland , friesland was really a long way away from the both hollands travelwise . . 
  in the times of huygens , leeuwenhoek and other scientists , the netherlands were well known for their tolerance to religious believes . 
  when gallileo had his troubles with the church due to his famous book , he smuggled a lot of his work to the netherlands to get it printed there . 
  the netherlands ( as well as other protestant countries ) also took in a lot of protestant refugees from france , the huguenots and benefitted a lot from the knowledge and views those people brought to the country . 
  lastly , as part of the negotiations , freedom of religion was agreed upon as part of the settlement , when the brits took new amsterdam from us . 
  and you forget how much we like to employ your fellow countrymen  polish people have a reputation of being excellent builders and are employed a lot to renovate kitchens , bathrooms and whole houses . 
  i went a lot to warschau and met a lot of people there who knew at least a few fellow `` poles '' who had done a renovation in the netherlands . 
  we have some issues with drugcouriers from other countries getting drugs here and causing a lot of ( criminal ) problems . 
  they tried to curb this by either closing coffeeshops ( the place to get ( soft ) drugs ) or making a law you can only buy drugs with a permit which you can only get being dutch . 
  both rulings have been heavily contested with the latter being overturned again and the former being fought out at courts . 
  well to be honest , there are a lot of dutch words in the russia language , but most are restricted to words related to ships and related areas . 
  in the 17th century peter the great , czar of russia , visited the netherlands to learn about shipbuilding and he took a lot of words with him home ( and of course a lot of knowledge ) . 
  having said that , there are also a lot of dutch words in the english ( american ) language , from coleslaw to gin , from skate to blunderbuss . . 
  exactly , the further away you go from the two holland provinces , the less people call themselves `` hollands '' , with friesland as a pinnacle , a lot there wo n't even call them dutch/nederlands , 
  used to work with a lot of us pilots and a couple made a detour to our office because we always had a 10 litre bucket filled with `` drop '' from which they took a couple of hands full for the flight home . 
  so some non-dutchies do love `` drop '' also , but you are right , it is kind of funny to present unwary foreigners the black stuff and see the reactions ... 
  i am not sure about the art-next-to-the-highway-law though , allthough i really like most art there , i ' m not sure it is written in a law, 
  i 'd say , come and get it ... :p, 
  that 's because the monarchy does not have a lot of real direct influence over the country , they are mostly just a representative for the people towards other countries . 
  not chosen , true , but `` we '' seem to like the person we are stuck with , both the ex-queen , as the king and his queen . 
  so in real life , our lives are not ruled by kings and/or queens , which makes it easier to forget the archaic notion of being born into royalty, 
  i am afraid neither princess beatrix , nor queen maxima , would be interested in engaging in sexual intercourse with you . 
  unless you are partial to some man love , there are some queens in amsterdam 's seedier places who would love to accommodate you ... 
  which might be fortunate , but also a coincidence . 
  september has been the month to review for a while now . . 
  in that month the queen , or next september , the king , will address the nation and government and a review/adjustment of measures takes place . 
  it sure is and the biggest reason i buy meat at a good butcher instead of a supermarket . 
  when water is added , you get less chicken ( it is done a lot with chickens ) for the same amount of weight , but you still pay the same price per kilo . 
  the gross domestic production of kuwait is not that much less then that of germany and germany gives money and accepts immigrants . 
  true , but can you realistically expect otherwise with this kind of wind ? 
  every approach ( in windy conditions ) requires input due too upsets , disturbances or other changes . 
  there is no certain limit to how much control input makes an approach unstable , so it comes down to the judgement of the pilot . 
  allthough i do n't fly the b777 , so i dont know if that airplane has stricter regulations , klm itself only speaks about 500 or 1000 feet as a limit to be stable , not dh . 
  klm books ( om part a ) say specifically : '' - in vmc a stabilized flight path must be achieved at ( or above ) 500ft height above threshold note : below 500 feet , flight manoeuvres should be restricted to corrections necessary to maintain the required flight path only '' that 's exactly what he/she did , at 500 feet stable ( which is on glidepath/runway centreline and on correct speed/thrust ) , below 500 feet only the corrections needed to maintain the flight path . 
  obviously some corrections must be allowed under 500 feet or no landing will be done ( even in a perfect atmosphere some disturbance is present ) , so if the correction in the video is somehow below limits , what is the limit ? 
  10 degrees of bank ? 
  5 degrees off runway track ? 
  or to the judgement of the pilot ? 
  i would say , job well done , an upset corrected and landed after deciding the situation was under control and safe to land . 
  there is no evidence it was not safe , except a subjective judgement of 1 youtube video , which , as a pilot myself , can be so incredibly different from the view and thoughts we have in the cockpit . 
  but klm will surely check the qar , as they always do after a cetain time and if the flight safety department judges the manoeuvre to be dubious , the crew wil lbe invited to explain and learn . 
  that 's normal in klm and , if really interesting , it might be used for simulator training . 
  it was n't just 1 attempt . 
  they went to their destination rotterdam , made an approach , did a go around , spend 20 minutes in a holding pattern . 
  then they wanted to divert to their nominated alternate eindhoven , but for some unknown reason , that airfield rejected the flight . 
  at that time they went to schiphol , were they did an approach again followed by a go around . 
  the third attempt was the mentioned landing . 
  according rumours they landed with 30 minutes still in tanks . 
  of course the wind is playing with the aircraft , as a pilot you can ( mostly ) only react to it . 
  the same thing when driving on the highway with gusty winds , sometimes your car is blown sideways , but you do n't leave the highway right after , but you correct it and go on . 
  i do n't know if you fly ( big planes ) , but i do and i can air l assure you these upsets are both unavoidable and perfectly controllable during these kind of conditions . 
  besides that , of they did a go around at that altitude , the inertia would make sure the plane would keep descending and probably make contact with the runway . 
  if control was maintained or acquired after the upset , i really do n't see why a go around would have been a better option . 
  lastly , video 's always look more extreme than what really happens and while the internet makes a big deal of it , i am sure the pilots thought little of this upset besides a feeling of having to work a little harder to land after 12 hours of flying . 
  while it is always nice to judge strangers on the internet , you really ca n't say anything about this landing based on this one video . 
  while it looks scary , there is a very good chance the pilot had perfect control to continue a safe landing . 
  that 's because this storm happened in a time where trees are full of leaves making them much more ready to blow over . 
  normal storms happen in autumn when trees do n't have leaves so they can withstand more wind without danger . 
  that 1 hour burns up quickly when you have to : - make a go around at your destination - fly to the alternate - await your turn - make a go around there too - attempt a second landing at the diversion airport besides that , depending on the exact situation , low on fuel and only one landing possible might also mean low on fuel up to the point of still having the legal 30 minutes in the tanks . 
  that does not imply danger but commercial reasons . 
  these winds always cause ( huge ) delays , so flights coming to amsterdam have to wait ( hold ) in the vicinity of the airport until it is their turn to land . 
  that uses fuel of course and when the delay is bigger then expected , planes have to divert to other airports not to run out of fuel . 
  so no danger , just to many delays . 
  cancelling flight beforehand is because those diversions screw up the daily operation . 
  by cancelling some flights a day ahead band rerouting those passengers , the chaos during the day of the storm is reduced . 
  again no danger but commercial reasons . 
  this video does not show a microburst . 
  a microburst comes from thunderstorms , this wing dip is caused by `` normal '' turbulence . 
  a microburst is large enough to affect the entire plane , not just a wing . 
  you 'd probably create more turbulence making the approach and landing even more challenging . 
  at the coast , sure , but not at the airport . 
  winds rarely exceeded 50 knots in gusts ( at the airport ) , which is n't uncommon in the relative normal autumn storms . 
  the extreme was in the winds at the coast plus the fact most trees were of course leafy which meant the wind had a lot more effect on those trees which made it more dangerous because of falling trees . 
  they are checking but they do that after every flight . 
  it is a normal flight procedure to land with less flaps then full . 
  airbus even advises to do so if the runway is long enough even without these windy conditions to save fuel on approach ( less resistance ) . 
  the difference between flaps full or one setting below is a few knots in speed ( at most 10kts ) .
