  a few down votes , why ? 
  how would not having a royal family help us ? 
  i like money ... 
  i feel like we ( uk ) are just really digging the ruler into our pubic bone in this dick measuring contest . 
  and i dont care . 
  we have a bigger shlong france :p, 
  yeah you 're right . 
  but i think most people go for their big cities . 
  i want to go for everything . 
  ive been once vut id like to spend a few months doing everything . 
  i just rarely hear ` oh i went to the usa to hike around wyoming and oregon ' . 
  i do n't want ti be a typical ` shit on the usa guy ' but i have never heard of this , unless the grand canyon is a national park ? 
  in my experience people go to the usa for nyc , disney world , grand canyon lv and la. 
  unless theres a particular reason you said ` are ' , what you should have said is ` there is no defeat . 
  . . ' i hope i dont look like a dick for this , genuinely just letting you know , 
  although he gave a bad answer . 
  i think he is correct . 
  but i imgaine we have less serious racsim that most of the world . 
  as i am yet to meet a british person of any race who really ahyes or thinks they 're better than another race , bit lots of wrong thibgs said all the time . 
  like everyday when i was un high school . 
  yes . 
  racism towards pakistanis just for owning a shop ( verbal abuse/vandalism ) . 
  i have spoke out to people being stupid . 
  insensitive ( / unintentional ) racism from romsnian house mate to black housemate ( monkey jokes , my n **** r etc ) . 
  we all told him it was inappropriate , he does n't seem to really realise . 
  the cheeky girls . 
  i watched a ted talk with a guy from georgia . 
  i do n't remember his name ... but he makes tv shows i think ... 
  well , i like human nature . 
  i would n't find things fun . 
  if i had no ego , no reward , i would n't do things . 
  etc etc. 
  it 's like making a really good maths equation , that works well , but only if you consider random numbers as having a different value , so it 's almost useless . 
  i do n't understand why people talk about communism , and some people like it , it 's pointless because it would n't work . . so who cares how good it is in theory , it should n't be spoke about as much as it is , and it certainly should n't have followers . 
  discussing is always okay , i definitely do n't consider myself hive mind , but communism is really fucking stupid ... 
  in my opinion . 
  do you support it ? 
  or were you merely discussing it ? 
  also , if you do support it , can i ask what your socioeconomic background is ? 
  i thought the people in paris were really friendly . 
  i was waiting with a map out and a girl stopped just to ask me if i needed help . 
  they put up with me not speaking french too :d the only thing i noticed was if you wanted to exit i 'm the train you had to physically move people out of the way . 
  i was surprised by the amount of russians in cyprus ( well , i was told before hand , but still ) . 
  just drop the shoulder . 
  fake a hand switch and cross him over . 
  unless it 's tony parker you 're okay . 
  someone with a different nationally girlfriend and going abroad next year master race checking in . 
  my greek cypriot girlfriend is not at all pleased with the turkish guy on cyprus . 
  crimea right now . 
  as cyprus is relatively stable . 
  could someone explain to me why this has happened . 
  my gf is studying refugee/asylum law and says that not many people are granted asylum and if they have been involved with terrorism etc they 're not . 
  ( i 'm not sure if his family has been ) . 
  but yeah , my question is why give them so much money , such nice houses etc. 
  why not shity council flat and forced labour ? 
  what is the other side of this ? 
  thanks , 
  i 'm torn between taking ` imports trash ' out of context and ` kills jews ' for which of these is my favorite, 
  * if he could afford it *, 
  i 'm 20 , 17 would have to be an extremely special case . 
  sure physically it * could * be okay . 
  but mentally it would almost certainly not work . 
  maybe just me though . . 
  ( though i think we ( uk ) should provide the money anyway ), 
  yes . 
  now with this knowledge . 
  can you possibly interprete it the way that the above my first comment said ? 
  well , it 's only wrong if he was trying to say the eu was a good idea put together wrong . 
  ( which is exactly what the guy above me said ) . 
  in this case , it is wrong and it 's not subjective ... 
  he purposely made it wrong for a laugh ? 
  i 'm like 99 % sure the artist made it properly , which means my interpretation can be correct . 
  the other guys ca n't be unless the artist purposely made an error , and all that would achieve is make his point wrong ... 
  thank you . 
  i think if the guy above me is right , the artist fucked up . 
  and i do n't think the artist did fuck up because my interpretation actually applies to real life . 
  the eu should n't really work , even on theory . . ( i specifically mean the single currency ) any study of eu economics seems to come out ` the eu is not an optimal currency area . 
  history language culture self interest , of the countries involved suggest it wo n't work . . 
  what is satirical about it ? 
  so the flag wo n't be complete ? 
  then he 's made it poorly ? 
  but the star would still be off the side, 
  this is europe not usa . 
  we do n't care what anerican thing it reminds you of . 
  i think you interpreted it exactly the wrong way . 
  i think the whole point is the pieces dont fit . 
  note the middle piece is the edge , but had some of a star there . 
  edit : i do n't know why i am down voted . 
  if the pics fit but the flag does n't add up , ots like saying the concept is good but the countries are wrong . 
  ( not that it had been put together wrong . 
  if the pieces do n't fit but but they make the flag then it shows the system is wrong but they are still trying to make the countries okay . 
  am i viewing it wrong ? 
  i 'm seeing the stars are the countries , the puzzle the system . 
  and the system and countries clearly do n't match but they are trying to make it work , and failing . 
  not that it has been implimented wrong , just it was never going to work , no matter the implication , see there 's no phycial way to complete this puzzle properly ... 
  google it, 
  ... cool, 
  also , there 's something really obnoxious about being a sub for europe , and having your flair and some random city not in europe ... not just the usa , or even a state ... 
  i 've heard from chinese people that the only students who go abroad are stupid and rich ... and most the smart ones stay on china, 
  i always feel the need to add when we talk about uk student loans .
