  if you use your own moral judgement of what is protecting then they can let it slide when russia head for berlin again . . it should be support with everything . 
  for the first part , most countries ( particularly germany ) have a lot of 0 hour contracts , and these people count as employed on those stats too . 
  as for the second part , i 'm just not sure that 's true . . 
  tell me why i 'm wrong . 
  you 're not saying anything of value , then sending quotes . 
  you tell me if you think that 's something someone of low intelligence would do, 
  we 're not debating . 
  you did n't say anything . 
  it 's not that i am losing anything , you 're really just a moron . 
  if i said the sky was made of shit , and you called me an idiot , does that mean you lost the debate ? 
  170-176 is most normal where ? 
  where i live in the uk i feel like average is 181 , i lived in denmark also where it seemed a bit more diverse with guys either being 176 or 190 with hardly any in between, 
  no you 're a clueless idiot . 
  for a start i voted remain , because despite how insufferably arrogant people on this sub are , i like the idea of the eu , in practice it 's been pretty shitty so far , and monetary union is highly questionable right now . 
  however because of the rejection people on this sub like to make out like the uk are the ones who lose out , we really do n't , the rest of europe that is n't germany lose out . 
  we are only damaged by extension of our trading partners being weaker . 
  it was n't about that . 
  it was making sure there was no miscommunication and that you read correctly . 
  how did i prove you right ? 
  people on this sub just feel rejected . 
  the uk is fine , you guys lose the free money . 
  it has been short all of my adult life . . 
  i have a friend this height who is defiently the short guy . 
  anything below 175 is short imo edit : i misread , we agree, 
  brexit is a bad thing for you . 
  it 's not really bad for us ... 
  why is it in this post there is no race mentioned , but anything white on ( anyone not white ) has race mentioned ? 
  i like how you totally missed denmark . 
  i think they 'd be more likely to take the viking credit than norway . 
  edit just saw macedonia as wannabees and also constantinople, 
  i do n't see to that way , everyone knows turkey has a bigger dick , their government are just monumental cunts . 
  none of the greek cypriots i know think they could defeat turkey , they 're not stupid . 
  they 'd just like to not have the turkish army in their country and want to be able to feel free and open in their homeland , the ( granted very few ) turkish cypriots i know tell me the same thing . 
  tell me why that 's wrong . 
  it is n't . 
  if your think it 's stupid you are reading things i did n't say . 
  control over inflation etc would have reduced their issues , its that basic , i never said anything besides this.so tell me i 'm wrong . 
  i 'm not a troll . 
  rarely . 
  is it just me or is this weirdly balanced ? 
  80 sit ups is easy . 
  75 push ups is not even close to easy . 
  also it seems flawed right here because basically all 3 of these things are way easier if you 're light as fuck , which may not translate well into carrying a 60kg object to around . 
  i 'm pretty sire this has been done before by americans and the teams with women lost literally every time, 
  so lib dems . 
  this is your chance , win me over . 
  i am happy portugal won , i have been rooting for them since england went out , but i think if you had to rank the teams it would be hard to argue with germany france and italy being above portugal imo . 
  they all played much better with more talent , france had a very sloppy game at the worst time, 
  good rebuttal !, 
  greece leaving is unreasonable, 
  you 're literally saying ` yes the system is broken , i 'd that bothers you , leave ' lime it would be simple to just leave for them . 
  have you got a low iq ? , do you genuinely think y what you 're saying is reasonable ? 
  if greece were n't in the eu , their problems would not have been as bad because they could have adjusted the currency to be 100 % optimal for themselves . 
  greece ` lied ' to get in , buy there is no way in hell the eu did n't know what they 're were doing . 
  makes the whole org look stupid . 
  i do n't get the reference , i would not normally be proud of ignorance , but if it expresses how unimportant ireland is , i 'll let you know . 
  how do you feel about germany being such close allies with turkey considering their military presence in your country ? 
  and yes i am aware about the uk presence , but as far as i can tell they have n't really been hostile and locals did n't seem to mind beyond ` i 'd rather they were n't here ' but obviously there 's advantages to both our countries by the uk being there . 
  ' i disagree with your facts ', 
  seriously , why would the property in northern ireland want to be unified with you ? 
  worse economy emarrasing history uglier people higher murder rate worse at sports much shitter choice of cities ( london  all ireland ) notoriously religious, 
  the thing is , places like greece are not cured ... all the shit eu countries ( economically ) and just waiting for germany and france to get rich enough to send them enough money to build their way out , a bail out for greece did n't automatically give them good exports etc, 
   wars why do people choose to ignore that the most powerful ( basically the leader ) of the eu ( germany ) is close allies with a country at war with an eu member state ? 
  oh i 'm so sad the uk ca n't be invaded and have the rest of europe do literally nothing to help . 
  1 ) were not tearing ourselves apart , i voted remain but you 're eating up the propoganga and bias if you think the uk is screwed . 
  2 ) you specifically are perhaps not wanted because you 're a dick . 
  i have no problem with many people , and exception being bitter stupid irish people . 
  norway has more oil tho , but sweden does have more civilians to kill ... tempting, 
  i 'll have to support denmark , 1 ) i lived there for a year 2 ) copenhagen  stockholm 3 ) the reasons my city still has roman walls is because they were reinforced when the danes kept invading in the 7th century, 
  i looked on wikipedia on mobile but at first take , wales gdp per capita is actually better ... and their economy is growing faster . 
  also to look at wales alone is a bit unfair since the majority of it is fields that supply england and wales with food . 
  the two countries are so connected to separate wales gives a really messed up view since the way their economy is designed . 
  yes we do . . at least where i live they 're better than : turke , greece , cyprus and denmark ( places i 've had kebabs ), 
  that makes it sounds like you 're just doing it for the sake of it ... what is you revenue like ? 
  please explain in detail why you would actually do this ? 
  okay you 'd know more than me obviously . 
  if you experience negativity it 's probably because you come across like a tool . 
  yeah no shit ... very few people here are racist . 
  i do n't know if you see the flare or name , but i have ... what you 're saying is bullshit . 
  why ? 
  weird since i just mentioned her in another comment . 
  but in paris my ex ( greek mother tongue ) would speak to locals in spanish rather than english if given the chance . . 
  i do n't know if it helps at all just add maybe a tiny amount to this . 
  my ex girlfriends mother ( greek cypriot ) was kicked out of her house in kyrenia as a child . 
  after the invasion , and also had her grandfather mildly tortured , i do n't know if this adds any credibility , but yeah . . 
  speaking to her family they say everything was fine and they got along ( turkish and greek cypriots ) , and even now everything is fine , the hate is aimed towards the turkish government , and not the turkish cypriots . 
  this has to happen for a single currency to work . . which , if you 're greek may be a bit upsetting . 
  kinda goes to show the euro is flawed . 
  yet the uk gets shit on non stop for anything . 
  this sub is an upset ex gf who got dumped and wants to pretend like the uk is shit all of a sudden ... 
  this is just not true ... 
  france is n't really ... 
  the reason the euro is flawed is because the eu is n't an optimal currency area . 
  thats why i say it 's basic . 
  people here talk like the eu is great . 
  it 's not . 
  outside of northern europe the countries are poor as fuck . 
  i 'm also totally okay with the uk university system , the means you pah if you want to go . . and everyone can go regardless of background . 
  and the idea of a tax union is fundamentally against my own views . 
  so i 'm fine not being a part of it .
