what countries ? 
  forget the us , not really that comparable . 
  have any similar economies done much better ? 
  im not sure who i replied to but i am going to attend an amazing business school . 
  im abroad now . 
  i know literally no english people . 
  in denmark i am living with other foreign people . 
  i like everything international , my degree focuses on international business . 
  im just realistic . 
  living with just people of one , different nation will leave you left out . 
  source : foreign housemate telling me they felt left out of conversations at times . 
  currently feeling left out when people around all talk greek . 
  board game is greek etc, 
  i want to associate with people from all other the world . 
  ideally not a group of danish people and then me . 
  no matter how nice they are i will be inevitably left out of some jokes and conversation . 
  i 'll want to explore this new place . 
  they will already know it . 
  etc i want to be with other foreigners . 
  meet and male friends with danish people . 
  but likely spend most my time with other foreign people . 
  why did you leave ? 
  why didnt you learn the language ? 
  good for your cousin . 
  who does he live with ? 
  who is he really friends with ? 
  yes i agree . 
  the money issue could only really be solved by abolishing private schools or forcing them to take a huge amount of disadvantaged people on scholarships . 
  it happens in limasol , there is a ( according to someone who went there ) ` russian school ' basically a school almost full of russians . 
  and then the others are for cyptiots . 
  in the past the turkish and greek speakers went to different schools . 
  if i was a parent of a cyptiot , i would not want to send my kid to the school with more russians . 
  the person who went there left after feeling alienated in her own country . 
  so its understandable that it happens . 
  why have you took ot upon yourself to decide the purpose of going to another country ? 
  for me , its to go to one of the best business schools in the world . 
  right now it is to spend time with my girlfriend . 
  its really hard fpr brits to learn another language . 
  it is absolutely not the same for is as others . 
  our lessons in school are a complete joke . 
  the benefit to learning another language in the uk is to show off , and be slightly more employable . 
  for pretty much everyone else learning english in a necessity to open up the world . 
  theres a lot more motivation . 
  learning another language then is more common . 
  it 's a skill , and generally easier to do . 
  i 'd like to learn another language . 
  but pretty much only as a slight cv boost . 
  as for brits that are abroad , i think ot depends how long for . 
  i have met a few here that have been abroad for a long time , and they speak greek . 
  its british to want to be involved in a conversation and understand what people are saying ? 
  i feel like youre complaining for the sake of it . 
  i assume you 'd want to be friends with other brits . 
  this is who you 'd hang out with . 
  want that food you like from home ? 
  other brits . 
  want to watch your football team ? 
  i know the place , its a british pub . 
  i think its just natural . 
  i am british . 
  in cyprus now with my cypriot girlfriend , her cypriot family . 
  and her cypriot friends . 
  i was really happy to finally find a supermarket selling familiar products . 
  my ears prick up when i hear english being spoke . 
  if i was n't with a cypriot , id find other foreigners . 
  im moving to denmark in less than a month . 
  i specifically wanted to live with other foreigners . 
  or i 'd feel left out . 
  all the danes with their language , culture and background . 
  i think its just easier for almost all people this way . 
  if you look at culture as a personal trait , people want to be surrounded by people similar . 
  i think of you move you wont mix much with the locals . 
  this is pretty much how it always ends up . 
  its the people that cause it . 
  they want to bw like others like them . 
  its understandable . 
  why trust each other ? 
  the people generally get on . 
  i have a source . 
  what is your experience ? 
  if you find out the person you elwcted in your country is a criminal . 
  do you think you deserve to loose a huge amount of your private savings ? 
  where are you from ? 
  but it 's somewhat ungrateful . 
  i have had this discussion with cypriots ( aiya napa ) . 
  their economy massively benefits from the drunk british people . 
  if youd willingly pay more tax to get rid of them im sure they 'll happily go to spain . 
  i do see the argument tho , and its not right to ` destroy ' another place like this . 
  bit thia is the hokiday they wanr , you provided it ( travel agencies ) . 
  blame them . 
  i can see the benefits , but how about negatives . 
  how do thry deal with lacking experience ? 
  not in terms of families . 
  but most come from a small selection of private schools , and universities . 
  one one side these are typically he most educated . 
  on the other it fills governemt with one type of people . 
  why do you think playing the lottery is stupid ? 
  i am going to denmark for a year , as an exchange student , what impact will this have on me ? 
  thanks , 
  can someome eli5 : what these parties are about ? 
  as a european , id welcome them , once they stop illegally occupying an eu nation , pay damages , apologise and admit to committing genocide .
