  i 'd much rather be in the eu . 
  but people are trying to make it out like the uk will be totally fucked ignoring the benefits of leaving . 
  which does not negate the point in the slightest . 
  aircrafts . 
  advanced machinery . 
  financial services . 
  pharmaceuticals . 
  you know only the most worthless and replaceable stuff ... 
  nobody here riots about the euro or muslims . . there 's a tiny amount of racists who get media coverage sometimes but it 's not a daily thing . . 
  your comments are like someone who 's girlfriend left them and your listing all the pros to try and make them feel bad . 
  we have our own currency because the idea of the euro is flawed at such a very basic level ... we also basically sent a fuck ton of money to shitty southern european economies and to farms in eastern europe . 
  it 's not like we were n't helping . 
  i voted remain , but the eu nationalism i 've seen since all mocking the uk is retarded . 
  wed just become the 2nd biggest economy in the eu . 
  with a promising future , we actually carried out effective austerity measures unlike most of the eu . 
  it 's not like the uk is totally screwed or even relying that heavily on the eu . 
  we make a net loss as far as import/export goes with the eu , merkel can say what she wants but the uk will get trade deals . 
  you may not have liked that our economy is better than yours . 
  and we had more leverage , but that 's how it is . 
  you can say good riddance to us but outside of germany , i would n't mind betting we still have the best economy in 5 years time . 
  ` tea ' they drink small cups of water with a bit of plant in it, 
  the people do n't want to be federal . 
  that 's the thing ... 
  still same language . 
  and wayyyyy more similar that most european countries are, 
  yes but you alk are and feel american . 
  historically people in the uk or denmark have nothing to do with greece . 
  so biting a bullet for their shitty economy pisses people off . 
  what did farage do ? 
  i wo n't speak for this guy . 
  but a bunch of weird people listen to howard stern . 
  he was still awesome . 
  i 'm sure retards liked breaking bad . 
  that does mean it only attracts idiots . . 
  they 're in school bro . 
  they never chose to be there , they 're probably danish and their parents or grandparents are immigrants . 
  ' a muslim country ' there should be no such thing , but there 's a huge amount of young muslims danes who are danish and it 's not really practical they move to antihero country at 16 ... 
  maybe to you it does , because you 're not english . 
  but in telling you , in english , in england , saying this is not a request for someone to show up , it 's calling them pussies, 
  no it does n't suggest that . 
  where are you from ? 
  it 's calling isis pussies . 
  source : am english and understand english, 
  a comment about the british you mean, 
  why come to / europe to bring up the us ? 
  my impression , to be transparent , based off exactly 5 turkish people i 've spoken to about this , is he is supported by the uneducated , hyper religious majority . 
  exactly . 
  they would loudly talk about how someone was rude etc. 
  i had to explain that culture is different , people might not want to ask you to move , they will just move past you . 
  that and copenhagen can be busy , the path is a mode of transport , you can just all walk side by side and stop abruptly to take pictures ... 
  please talk about the us in a thread that 's not in / europe about european tourists, 
  this is true . 
  i had family from england come to visit me ( denmark ) they spoke really loudly , louder than at home it seemed , and would ask why things were how they were , not the ` normal ' way . 
  one of the most embarrassing things ever, 
  english people above the age of 30 are super obvious . 
  bright red , likely bald or wearing ugly clothes . 
  most likely overweight , and wearing an england football shirt or hat is seemingly 100x more common in tourists rather than in england . 
  cyprus ? 
  i think there 's juts loads of them who come here and talk about the us , ninfind it really irritating , making obama jokes and shit, 
  what a useless comment, 
  you 're so lost . 
  just delete your comments, 
  but what is the point of employing people if the job you 're hiring them to do is losing everyone money ? 
  it 's not sustainable ... 
  that second one got me laughing out loud . 
  that 's amazing . 
  but who wants dutch girls ? 
  go up you have sweden and down you have mediterranean . 
  life is way easier in every social way which massively effects work as well, 
  you 're playing life on extra easy mode . 
  there is no reason the complain . 
  something interesting people may like . 
  there 's 's youtube video that picks the best place in the world to live ( assuming we are undeveloped ) taking in a series of factors . 
  basically saying of we must pick a place to start civilisation , where do we pick ? 
  bangladesh is the answer , and , as we all know , it is super populated . 
  i think it 's on the realifelore chanel or one of the similar ones . 
  this is a weird grey area for me . 
  firstly , i think smoking in public should be illegal , i should not have to breath in someone else 's lack of self control . 
  ( and certainly it should be banned indoors with children ) . 
  however , i think it should be the right of th pub to decide if they want to allow people to smoke . 
  i know this is more ` complicated ' than an outright ban , but seems more in line with general freedom . 
  i 'm one of these people . 
  i voted remain , but i 'd like to see a rise in minium wage , among other things , which is pretty difficult if we have an open border as doing so just increases illegal employment ( especially to people who semd home remittance ) and accelerates unemployment . 
  just an fyi . 
  i can only think of a couple of people who support the death penalty and nonexistent in their 70s the other their 80s . 
  so if it 's this high here , you may just not be exposed to them . 
  ` oh yeah bro i made sick gains walking ' - no one ever . 
  in what world is it the best exercise ? 
  you can lt build up cardiovascular strength or muscle . 
  it 's only the best if you 're 150lg and would have a heat attack lifting a weight or break your knees trying to run and even then , a to sturdy bike would be better . 
  i want to be ` obese ' . 
  sadly i 'm only overweight , definitely overlapped tho . 
  i spend about 14 hours a week in the gym . . and to clarify , i am most certainly not fat, 
  people are lying a lot . 
  there 's no way the uk should be that high . 
  maybe for peel in their early 20 's but absolutely not anyone older . 
  same here . 
  well i 'm sure i have seen it , but hot dogs and burgers are way more common . 
  or maybe that 's total horseshit you pulled out of your ass ? 
  i made a typo . .  good day to you sir i hope you do n't talk like this in real life .
