  it really is n't a real debt . 
  it does n't stop you doing anything . 
  and you i ly pay anything back of you earn over a certain amount . 
  i wish we hired immigrants on zero hour minimum wage slave contracts as much as you guys do , you have it figured out !, 
  i think my you will be welcomed just fine . 
  things i 'll say i see a lot from eastern europeans that i 'd request you take note of merely because these are things i really do see a lot . 
  i 'm sure this is will sound patronising ( sorry ) but it 's so common . 
  please do not litter . 
  please do n't play music incredibly loudly so people on the street can here it . 
  please queue . 
  please keep your house/garden relitivly clean . 
  if you 're walking in a group on a path , and another person is going towards you , please file so you can pass each other . 
  please do n't yell in the street . 
  why is denmark in vodka europe ? 
  i disagree . 
  i think the us media is so big because they speak english , then popularised english . 
  if they spoke danish right away , maybe we 'd never pay so much attention . 
  we do n't all speak chinese , or japanese . 
  no it would n't wreck our economy ... it is the 2nd biggest in europe . 
  the eu would still want to trade with us , and foreign investment would still come in, 
  thank you for this comment . 
  i would like to leave the eu , and the wages part is my main reason for it . 
  a lot of ideals of the people that want to raise the minimum wage also want immigration in mass and it just does n't work like that . 
  you mean southpark world ? 
  i think we win, 
  okay i have a question . 
  i am passionate about this . 
  in england , danish bacon is great , in denmark , the supermarket bacon is shit !, 
  why ? 
  do you send it all to us ? 
  do i have to go to a butcher to get reasonable bacon ? 
  help me, 
  but if you get good grades or learn a skill you can earn enough money to have a family ... 
  i think your last paragraph needs to be drilled into the heads of all the idiots complaining, 
  i do n't know why you 're being down voted . 
  to me weather is a huge factor . 
  i livening denmark and this is fine , any darker would start being a problem . 
  and as for the economy i do n't really know, 
  i 'm pretty sure zara makes a few things in spain, 
  yeah thats the whole point . 
  i 've never encountered such an ununderstanable language before . 
  so if were not allowed english i will protest by choosing danish , 
  if it cant be english then danish , fuck you all, 
  how do these numbers compare to typical economic migrants ? 
  iirc this is what it would look like ( - children ) right ? 
  what a stupid statement ... you mean like an extreme republican voter ? ... 
  cyprus too, 
  ah the classic ` sorry for english ' after near perfect english  i think peoples main issue , is that theres fleeing a war , and then fleeing a war , and heading from a safe county , to a richer , safe country , with better benefits etc. 
  also , it seems to be avery european thing to me , to not trust people , and hate being ` fooled ' so people would rather deny 95 syrians , to keep out the 5 pakistanis and indians , who lied , than let all 100 in . 
  i personally arent really sure what i think . 
  which is why it is totally insane that some brits actually think we should get rid of ours . . 
  our empire did horrible things . 
  the biggest silver lining imo is to compare the countries that were ` ours ' with the countries that were colonised by pretty much anyone else ( during the same era ) . 
  it sounds like a danish person who grew up around or partially in england . 
  source : british and lived in denmark , met plenty of people with one parent from each place . 
  this is insane ... the only thing she should be in trouble for is not leaving property when asked . 
  to tell someone they ca n't wear something in a public space is ridiculous . 
  inside the building at a specific even ad part of dress code is fine . 
  if she does twang to show her face she should n't have to . 
  but if the even organisers say she must . 
  then she should leave . 
   brit what ? 
  i have never heard about or even seen a refugee in the uk ... ( recently i mean , i 've met kurds etc ), 
  having worked abroad . 
  i have to disagree . 
  native english speakers have a massive advantage when the working language is english . 
  i did n't vote brexit , but i have almost stopped viewing this sub due to the blind anit-uk propoganda i see nonstop . 
  the people posting are like girls who have just been dumped . 
  jk in only speak english, 
  i would say english culture is a lot more similar to the rest of northern europe than it is the the us, 
  what could i be salty about ? 
  ah the classic  pushes agenda  is wrong  ` it 's a joke ' the go to of most left wing comedians, 
  not really . 
  he could n't get elected in the uk . 
  why ? 
  he 's awesome as an mep he 's just a gigantic troll and it 's entertaining as fuck . 
  he 's not any more incompetent than the other anyway so not like it matters . 
  at least he gives entertainment while wasting money . 
  i lived in denmark , never saw this once or even heard about it , so i 'm pretty sure it 's bullshit , but i have no facts to dispute it . 
  i commented this elsewhere in the thread , it 's one of the countries on the list that may have legit shot at being uglier than the uk . 
  it 's a variety of historic and talent pool reasons . 
  also funding . 
  i absolutely do n't doubt day to day no one gives a shit about any country except their own , but this sub has a gigantic erection for trying to make the uk look bad . 
  i do n't doubt we are a very ugly country , but it was asked by another ugly country . 
  not by a good looking one like denmark or greece . 
  how sad, 
  this is a really dumb comment . 
  to quote an american guy on bill simmons podcast , no body thinks you do n't have the right to say things and it 's not profound to answer a question relating to controversy by saying ` they have the right to do it ' . 
  i do n't browse it . 
  can you give a tldr ? 
  no smoking in pubs is a good thing . 
  how is that a part of our culture ? 
  because you can see in in old tv shows you think it 's where we hold our values ? 
  is this a joke ? 
  reddit is mostly very left wing to the point they do n't seem to even realise . 
  then the small amount of very right wing people , who seem to more just be racist morons who look at the idiot left without realising they 're so out of it peel think they 're trolling . 
  it 's a horrible source for a view of the world . 
  also it 's mostly teenagers and every up vote is worth the same as another . 
  who 's mind ? 
  edit : i 'm on mobile , missed the e while typing and got an auto correct to ` who 's ' but yes .
