  again , your logic is foolish . 
  an insult when someone proves themselves to be slow does not suddenly make then right . 
  i just do n't want to put the effort into you since i 'm sure you 're an idiot . 
  i did n't insult you because you 're argument is amazing . 
  i insulted you because he was obviously not saying he got # 40k of debt in scotland . 
  he was very clear with his point , and you managed to not understand . 
  belgium , denmark and ... 
  hahaha our women have n't always been so ugly !!, 
  ! . . edit : france may be better but hard to tell, 
  you are moron . 
  yes you are missing something , it 's acleld reading comprehension . 
  it 's not ` real ' debt . 
  it does n't put anyone off . 
  it was an explanation for why we 're were treated differently to smaller countries , not why we got accepted to the eu ... 
   be welsh good joke, 
  firstly , i must have forgoten when the usa joined the eu ... secondly , having shittier universities does not take away from the good ones unless your only measure is the mean quality . 
  thirdly , explain how having a comprehensive , favorable student loan system and a new introduction of post graduate loans , all of which are available to everyone limits the chance for poor people ? 
  you 're ignorant and seem below average intelligence , so please actually think before you spew out words . 
  kinda sums me up too . 
  the europeans here are so out of touch and arrogant . 
  it at least a little flattering that they 're so upset over being rejected . 
  i 'm still waiting to suffer , all i see since the vote is the eu get slightly more shit and the uk get massive investment . 
  yes it was out of friendliness . 
  absolutely nothing to do with the fact with have the biggest financial sector , most powerful military , best intelligence agency , one of the biggest nuclear arsenals , 3/2nd biggest economy , best universities and much more , no , it was out of friendliness . 
  in what world is every member equal ? . . 
   says ` to be fair ' 3 times  has extremely unfair comment, 
  i think so . 
  many people , me included , voted to stay but now see the arrogance shown by many eu posters and politicians and see the eu as an active threat . 
  i really think vat should be increased on a lot of things . 
  it 's one of the only taxes that seem ` fair ' . 
  it 's avoidable for the most part . 
  i just hope they alter it to particularly go up on things considered unhealthy , damaging to the environment or exessively luxurious . 
  hoe are we creating barriers to skilled immigration ? 
  have you ever been to a large company in london ? 
  it 's all asians , they 'll now have even more opportunity . 
  you 've intrigued me , i think most people that are anti capitalism tend to be morons and speak as such , but everything you said seems correct . 
  what is an alternative ? 
  i find it very circle jerky . 
  anything about the uk being bad is up voted and people love it , then anything about the eu being bad or uk being good and it 's down voted and people desperately argue it . 
   much healthier really tho how shitty is your mcdonald 's ? 
  i could get 3x double cheese burgers for $ 4.5, 
  he nay not be an mp but he is hardly a failure if you look at what ukip has achieved in term of growth relative to the situation, 
  sure you have n't just got older ? 
  no shit, 
  i was always under the impression an expat is some employed and sent to another country , or who got a job in another country and lived there . 
  while an immigrant is someone who moved first , then got a job . 
  i 'm from a council estate ... everyone can afford it . 
  the government gives you money , the eu gives you money . 
  hell i 'd be better off if i was poorer . 
  if you 're in the lowest income bracket you get like # 9k from the uk and # 3k from the eu . 
  i was an erasmus student , it baffles me that this was n't brought up more . 
  it is a great great thing we have access to . 
  hell you can go to denmark today and do a free masters . 
  my decision to vote remain pretty much came down to this but i did n't hear it being discussed . 
  i think most smart people did look past the fear mongering though . 
  i would be curious what impact the arrogance of people on this sub had , if any ( at least within the user 's of sub ) edit : yes you 're right about the erasmus stuff , i could have gone to norway , switzerland or turkey . 
  slipped my mind . 
  i like how the new excuse is ` fake ' news as if that was n't just trashing brexit and trump for things that did n't actually happen . 
  if it 's a sparkler it 's not exactly a big deal . 
  stop being a pussy it 's a perfectly reasonable response given the situation . 
  it 's hardly dangerous in this context . 
  the eu likes finance and tech right ? 
  it would be really really stupid for everyone involved for the uk to leave immediately . 
  yeah i was joking . 
  i 've never thought brexit would ruin our country but the rejected people on here certainly like to act like it will . 
  i love it . 
   mfw still waiting for brexit to ruin my country, 
  yeah it was the sentence structure i meant , just wanted to confirm it was on purpose haha . 
  thanks, 
  can someone explain the  can into xx is it from a poland ball ? 
  genuine questions . 
  who made the awesome pizzas we have today ? 
  italians or americans ? 
  i 'm talking dominos style . 
  what metro do you check the time for ? 
  the whole point is that it 's almost non stop . . 
  i know a company that employs and polish translator and another that employs a romanian translator . 
  so we may be slipping, 
  i was about to link this mfw brexit doomed the uk / s, 
  well at least this is up voted and transparent . 
  i certainly feel like the enemy in this sub . 
  the eu is a rejected fat chick, 
  are they legit ? 
  i do n't know why i 've just always assumed they are n't , or like they show a hot woman but the number is for a brothel and if you showed up you 'd get shrek, 
  those gymnastics tho, 
  not really . 
  the porn thing is totally misunderstood . 
  the cctv imo is not really that big a deal either . 
  no shit, 
  this is horribly misleading . . 
  a big part is how shit all the opposition is . 
  the iraq war is a gigantic mark against labour , as is what is viewed as their tolerance and support of people with no desire or intention to work . 
  also , when they were last in charge they actually taxed the poor far more than they are taxed now . 
  no they would n't . 
  they 're paid based on supply and demand . 
  the company is not hiring them with a profit margin on the employee in mind . 
  they have a phd from lse , if someone lowers their wages they should go elsewhere for more money , which they can because they 're the value they got hired at + their experience from this role . 
  without trying to sound like a dick , i think many people who think this will trouble the employees are looking at it from the mindset of being unskilled or in low paying jobs etc. 
  if they 're this skilled you would expect a company to bite the # 2k ... 
  seriously , do you think it 's racist to not want a large influx of people who have displaced ?
