  you go to school . 
  public school.is good in most developed countries . 
  you 're smart so you get good grades . 
  you go to a good university which you can easily afford because it 's either free or you get an easy loan . 
  you go to university and work hard because you 're smart . 
  you studied investment banking because it 's fun . 
  you get good grades and get an internship because you applied to many , even without any connections . 
  you apply for enough jobs and with your skills , experience and good grades you start employment at the end of summer after graduating . 
  you earn # 45k a year . 
  good job , choosing investment banking seems wise . 
  but you have a lot of hours . 
  after 4 years and 2 promotions you 're now on 100k a year . 
  you have a property mortgage and move to another company in a more senior position . 
  120k a year . 
  your spouse is going okay too , they take home 40k a year so you have 160k . 
  you buy a few houses and rent them out , get a good investment account and start pulling in 200k for the household . 
  congratulations you 're in the 1 % . 
  who knows , maybe you 'll be entrepreneurial and make millions !, 
  you have some connections now because of your job and good university and internship . 
  it 's this fucking simple . 
  the hard part is being born with the mental capacity to get the graces and the motivation to work hard . 
  point out somewhere where i 'm wrong ? 
  luck is involved with some exams and interviews but if you prepare and take a lot of shots you can have good odds . 
  why am i delusional ,, 
  well i know a decent amount about the duke of westminster considering he owns a lot of my city . 
  he 's an exception , and people like that do contribute to the problem in theory , but he was a good business man . 
  it 's totally irrelevant tho . . 
  i love wikileaks and whistle blowers . 
  i just think general public blaming the rich is retarded , the government puppets and people behind them are the problem . 
  not just someone who has money . 
  even if that reason is because of money from generations ago . 
  right , that may have been what he meant it 's not what he said . 
  he said it grouping the whole 1 % together . 
  which is wrong . 
  exactly . 
  you worded it better than i did . 
  i should have spelled it out for people . 
  can we please stop talking about the 1 % . 
  it 's almost entirely people who are way smarter and harder woking than the rest of the population . 
  do n't let a divide be created , governments can control people easier when they 're divided , it is so basic . 
  the people trying to maintain power by manipulating the population in a negative was are the problem . 
  to say the 1 % totally clouds the enemy , if you 're just mad at rich people then you 're a loser . 
  this is exactly right for me . 
  our government get far too involved in the usas ridiculous wars i just would n't want to die for the sake of this government . 
  hell , even my fellow countrymen are mostly complete idiots . 
  so it would take a very necessary cause for me to be a part of our military . 
  this is exactly right for me . 
  our government get far too involved in the usas ridiculous wars i just would n't want to die for the sake of this government . 
  hell , even my fellow countrymen are mostly complete idiots . 
  so it would take a very necessary cause for me to be a part of our military . 
  it 's just common in placed with higher power distance . 
  you stated the obvious in a lot of words . 
  i agree with the world not needing more activists enraged at minor inconvenience . 
  but it does n't really apply here , the issue they have is stupid and easily fixed . 
  and until it 's changed they solved the problem anyway . 
   no uniform as someone who went to a highschool made up of very diverse social classes ( still 99 % white tho ) . 
  this would have just made it even more obvious who has money and who did n't , and all the shit that comes with it . 
  on my degree 10 % of people in the country get a first . 
  i 've been to a uk and danish university and the grades are comparible . 
  i just disagree with pretty much everything you 're saying . 
  the issue is isolated to maths and science . 
  then the grades get inflated . 
  in law 75 = 100 % . 
  i 'm maths 75 = 75 % . 
  i think the knly change needs to be that a first in science/maths is 85 + not 70 . 
  i do n't think the uk system is the issue at all though . 
  we have the 2nd best universities in the world behind the usa . 
  i do n't think it matters so much what is considered a pass or fail anyway since you need to get a first or 2.1 to do anything with the degree anyway . 
  edit : and it 's not about people bong charged too much . 
  the reason i like our system is i do n't believe anyone else should have to pay for my education . 
  i just think i should be able to be educated regardless of background . 
  and we found that nice spot . 
  this is a lot of students everywhere though . 
  i do n't really see your point , i would say you close the 25 worst universities but even then , it 's not just stupid people that do n't show up . 
  making it free certainly would n't help this ( i know , i studied at copenhagen business school , which is free ) and making it actual feel like it costs money would be catastrophic , the thought that being from a poor family would hold you back more than it already does is terrible . 
  what the 9k , that you only pay back once you earn enough money . 
  the 9k that every single person in the country is eligible to get ? 
  that 9k that helps limit the burden of cost to mostly only those that choose to go to university ? 
  that 9k that helps people who do n't go to university pay less tax for those that do ? 
  sounds fair to me ... 
  i think you misunderstood . 
  you gave me the reason to help each other . 
  not the reason why the uk pays a higher % than germany . 
  they tried that once and it did n't go too well for them . . 
  i would n't be so concerned . 
  you 're right though . 
  but we we do n't need to leave the past 100 years to find germany being invaded numerous times too . 
  there 's no real looming threat of either . 
  clearly not enough troops or recourses ... if they says 2 % , hit 2 % , the uk did . 
  the usa did our borders are fine . . 
  to first cover your last point , it 's easy to double your money if you have # 1 . 
  make sense ? 
  and now to your part part about a ` reset ' . 
  the people who want this are the failure and losers . 
  they just now have a bit more education and a larger voice/access to information thanks to the internet than the failures of the past . 
  he reasoning on this point is perfectly rational and sound . . 
  i agree with him , why should the uk pay to protect germany ? 
  although i agree and dislike pretty much all these wars , you ca n't argue against that you 're not supporting your allies . . you think you 're in a peaceful place ? 
  look at england . . who will invade us ? 
  the faroe islands ?
