  the english person mistyped , very funny , it 's a shame it 's not in a comedians act . 
  i see . 
  i 've met plenty of asians at uni but no koreans . 
  the one i have met was in denmark , too , not even the uk . 
  i see . 
  well i can identify part of the problem then . 
  i never really knew anything about this , and although i 'm not a history student or historian i 'd say i 'm more knowledgeable than a massive amount of the population . 
  i 've just been ignorant to this for whatever reason . 
  it 's just pretty much ignored . 
  interesting , thanks . 
  people do n't know anything about albanians . 
  greeks and italians have a history were taught about , many people go to greece on holiday , and movies , fashion etc familiarises us with italy . 
  the only thing i can think of about albania that a typical british person would know is that it 's a shit hole , and they 'd think this because of top gear . 
  explain ? 
  in my experience people are really open to greeks , italians etc. 
  it 's like the sweet spot of what 's different but not too different . 
  why would that surprise you ? 
  i did n't know any koreans came to europe at all really . 
  in my entire life i think i 've only ever met one south korean . 
  i get you . 
  i would n't have any issue with anyone from anywhere but i see an awful lot of anti eastern europe opinions . 
  i can fully believe you would experience feeling unwelcome , because there 's enough people who really do n't welcome you , they 're a minority but if it 's even 1/50 it will feel like a lot . 
  one of my best friends is romanian . 
  he 's worked multiple illegal ( no tax etc ) jobs . 
  his ex did the same . 
  they also have friends who all slum into houses in horrible conditions . 
  oh and he also saves and then sends home most of his money . 
  i love my friend but as an overall group they do seem to be pretty shitty for the country . 
  abba much more likely . 
  does anyone actually complain about indians though ? 
  i 've never experienced it at all . 
  plenty do n't like eastern europeans though . 
  i also feel our country owes it to indians to come here if they like thanks to their contribution ( whether they had a choice or not ) to our country , during the war and other times . 
  i think this feeling also helps with at least some people opinion . 
  as for poland the only reason i can imagine is there 's so many now that people all know a polish person , so they 're less scared / it 's harder to paint them as the enemy . 
  my analogy is fine and you are justifying the ignorance . 
  you 're an moron , i will tell you exactly why . 
   american website this is ridiculous . 
  it 's the internet . 
  the website is popular all around the world . 
  hilton are american hotels . 
  would you expect all hiltons to be full of only americans ? 
  or would you totally disregard others because they 're american hotels ? 
  myabe you would . 
  but in that case you 'd be an ignorant asshole . 
   native language you realise it 's the most commonly used and popular language in europe ? 
  to assuem english = american is again , a massive sign of ignorance . 
  not to mention it 's more like just the language you use . 
  it 's called english for a reason . 
  saying they 're american was extremely relaxant to the topic . . you 're being the stereotype of ignorant americans and embarrassing others from your country . 
  yes i would absolutely expect people to be that aware ... 
  the title says * in the eu * , just knowing what sub you 're in should n't be hard , and the fact were all speaking english making you assume it 's american discussion screams of your own ignorance . 
  you are making excuses for ignorance even though the guy i was talking about actually apologised . 
  read your own comments , be rational and tell me of you think you should have ever replied . 
  yes thats what i thought . . you 're just saying americans are ignorant right ? 
  i dont think thats really fair on people from the usa . 
  if youre american and youre justifying the ignorance becasue ` its an american website ' then youre just a moron . 
  can you explain the purpose of your comment to me . 
  i would never say anything like this except in a subeditor about europe inside a thread about europe where the person talking does n't specify their experience is not european , so pretty much irrelevant unless you 're comparing to another place , which is odd because they did n't state they were from another place which can confuse some people ( see the guy i replied to ) . 
  i 'm not being an asshole for saying this , you are for trying to start an issue where there is none . 
  edit : looked at your post history , you just seem to hate europe or what you perceive as europe 's arrogance . 
  i get it , the amount of one sided propoganda about brexit on here made the sub unbareable , but you 're just wasting your time with the comments you make . 
  i would guess the numbers may not change much . 
  only say the 95 % employed out of cambridge are on 50k while the say 94 % employed out of generic uk average uni are only like 20k . 
  rather than extreme changes in employment numbers . 
  i 'm pretty sure it 's american b&q . 
  he also uses $ and days walmart . . so yes american . . in/europe talking about experience in a / europe thread . 
  without specifying he is american , and taking like everyone knows the things they know . . any one else find this irritating ? 
  i 'm curios , are you put off england at all ? 
  i just explained how you get money , if you work hard , gain skills that are in demand and manage your money well you will get money , its simple , the fact you struggle with that is likely a sign of why you may not get money . 
  as for the uk , every single person can go to university , the absolute biggest hardship for this is living far away from a place you can do a-levels ( i had to get 2 busses to school ) . 
  our student loan system is great , anyone can get a loan for tuition , and on top of this you get income based living loans , the only issues i have here is that its not standardised . 
  ( you get screwed if your parents have money but dont give you any/as much as the gov. 
  expects ) . 
  i think there is low social mobility because smart people get rich , then do a better job of raising their children . 
  poor kids are influenced by stupid parents , its unfortunate , id like to see better education is poorer areas . 
  but its not like this is fatal , just makes things harder . 
  source : my life , in year 5 my school was closed down for being so shit , before this my school actively held me back ( i should have been sent for special maths classes as i finished the curriculum so early ) , they didnt , and my mum was too ignorant at the time to take advantage of other opportunities , oh well . 
  being poor is a bit harder , but its not a death sentence . 
  right . 
  i do n't think the system is particularly good . 
  what i said is to not blame the 1 % as a blanket statement . 
  if you want to make change then people have to get into a position to make change . 
  the system work for people with more money . 
  right . 
  so get more fucking money if you have a problem with this . 
  i belive in equal opportunity . 
  i do n't belive in an equal outcome . 
  how many people are really poor yet still skilled and hard working ? 
  i grew up on a council estate . 
  the people there were poor because they were idiots . 
  the system hurt them . 
  and that is bad , bit it only hurt them because they 're worth almost nothing to society . 
  consumers should be protected . 
  and everyone should have a chance at life . 
  in the uk they do . 
  in denmark they do . 
  i ca n't speak for other countries . 
  this is all irrelevant to my original point , though . 
  you have got to be kidding ... here 's how it goes .
