  do they not do that in germany ? 
  i 'm starting to dislike the word `` tribalism '' , it sounds a bit ... primitive . 
  is n't it just easier for people to work within their own group because they share the same experiences and follow the same rules ? 
  combine that with the odd generalization and you get segregation . 
  no tribal flag-waving needed . 
  not that i 'm a sociologist or anything , i just dislike the word . 
  interesting choice of words : `` fleeing from war and poverty . '', 
  we really ca n't accommodate any economic migrants at this point . 
  i do n't know why they think they should be allowed in here , but they do n't get my sympathy at this point . 
  nah , it happens all the time . 
  i 've even had this conversation before . 
  there seem to be two big camps out there who really do n't like each other . 
  the pro-eu camp just seems to be a bit bigger than the pro-uk camp . 
  but they 're colored umbrella 's !, 
  i still see a lot of colors there friend . 
  yeah that chart is inaccurate , just like all the others . 
  i think you should be able to accelerate gently . 
  the kiteman/woman should just hold their arms together at the start and spread them at high speed . 
  there 's no way it could go wrong !, 
  arctic is yuropean ~ ~ clay ~ ~ ice !, 
  soon we have one jester for each continent . 
  charming , just replace the `` right wing '' wing with `` jews . '', 
  popular idea , not sure if libya is the right spot . 
  there might not even be a right spot . 
  i propose creating an artificial island somewhere in the mediterranean . 
  to be fair , if you would use this system you could make exceptions for people who are proven infertile . 
  you 'd have to make it doctor approved though . 
  try telling that to the elderly . 
  however , i hope the university/career option can be solved in a good way . 
  how did people do it in the past ? 
  ai teachers :d ? 
  congrats , only a few million left , make me proud !, 
  so what would be a good solution ? 
  the immigration the article talks about seems to create more issues than it solves , not to mention that it 's temporary and kind of selfish were you to continue it in the long run . 
  the offshore plan is a work in progress yes . 
  i 'm not sure about the turbines on farms . 
  where i live basically every farm has one , but i 'm not sure about the situation in the east . 
  a big part of the public still dislikes them anyways because they `` pollute the horizon . '', 
  there 's always an unhappy village that could see them . 
  we 've really been slacking off when it comes to green energy . 
  the issue with wind however is that we do n't really have much space . 
  placing a windmill would mean that either people would be living in their shadow or people would be living under them . 
  [ how surprising . 
  quick !, 
  someone invoke godwin 's law !, 
  is this satire ? 
  it 's always interesting to see people use evolution in things like arguments , and then completely botch the principle . 
  the uk is still to the west of me . 
  is he planning to fuck us all to death ? 
  impossible , they 're all of legal age . 
  i actually misread the quote at first , that 's how easy it is . 
  swamp-germany best germany !, 
  ^ ^ ^ ^ not ^ ^ ^ ^ biased ^ ^ ^ ^ at ^ ^ ^ ^ all, 
  i see , you learn something new every day . 
  correct , i guess new-right was taken . 
  4chan 's / pol / and some other groups combined . 
  generally pretty extreme nationalists and in a lot of cases supremacists . 
  you could always go to the netherlands or luxembourg , you 'd only have to turn your flag 90 degrees . 
  like i said , that side exists . 
  you also have the exact opposite side . 
  the wave you describe was only right after brexit from what i 've seen . 
  you just described one of the circlejerks here yes , i kinda meant the other one . 
  both sides seem to be pretty big to me , although the pro-brexit circlejerk ( bad name ) seems to have started to get a persecution complex for some reason . 
  edit : it seems that the balance of comments in this thread has changed since i first commented . 
  i suppose , do we have a counter-circlejerk circlejerk counter-circlejerk yet ? 
  itt : brexit circlejerking , does every uk thread really have to turn into this ? 
  no , i was trying to make a goof of the uk 's weather being bad , unlike the blue on the picture and the flag . 
  i suppose it failed . 
  i would and do , how do yo mean ? 
  greek beaches ca n't stop german work ethic !, 
  the golden stars and blue background on the flag are there for a reason you know . 
  this also explains why the uk left . 
  ah yes , you 're right sir !, 
  give me 4 !, 
  hello doctor !, 
  give me 3 euthanasia 's please !, 
  both sides like to circlejerk here . 
  the anti-brexit camp is probably just a little bit bigger . 
  wow , they really were rabid about the iraq war thing , huh . 
  yeah i 'm really curious about the reason of the low birth rates . 
  is is really just something cultural , or is there another reason ? 
  surely he 'll resolve that issue as well now :\\ ^ ), 
  nah , afaik the netherlands had a group as well . 
  i think you 'd rather need new eyes if that 's the case . 
  it might be a strange question , but i never quite understand the american position . 
  were n't they the country who had jim crow that long ago and generally reacted negatively to the introduction of new groups , like the irish ? 
  it seems to me like they 've had a far worse experience with diversity than europe , why are they still positive about it in the end . 
  humans are not birds 2 . 
  even if they were , it would mean that this is a pretty good idea . 
  it would mean that a father wo n't have to support a child that unknowingly is n't his . 
  objection !, 
  seems like it , we really need to change our banner to something more appropriate , less starry more crossy . 
  googling for a sec gave me this http://www.independent.co.uk/news/world/asia/christmas-and-being-christian-is-no-holiday-for-turkey-s-newest-church-a6784836.html and http://www.dw.com/en/christians-in-turkey-are-second-class-citizens/a-17619847 . 
  do n't know how representative it is though . 
  at this moment i am euphoric , not because of some phony union , but because of my own independence . 
  not very nice . 
   i think islam makes children wear it from puberty . 
  puberty is always a vague one , can anyone clarify if it 's something like the start of menstruation or something ? 
  i remember a girl at my school starting to wear one when roughly 8 years old . 
  ca n't we call them trumpets instead ?
