  i doubt that . 
  i do n't really care about the effect there tbh . 
  the place already seems to be retarded , with all those insults being spouted . 
  does he live in the same world as we do ? 
  immigration is the last thing we need . 
  more than most of the others combined i 'd say . 
  he 's slowly becoming less entertaining and more sad . 
  buh god ... let 's contact / r/conspiracy immediately !, 
  good lord , this guy keeps on giving . 
  there 's not enough popcorn in the world for all of this . 
  clearly you do n't know the greek training regimen . 
  * wrong * / r/circlejerk is the english version of / r/cirkeltrek, 
   hobosexual marry say whatever you want , i think it 's great that the homeless are allowed to marry . 
  are you saying europe can into relevance ? 
  almost idiot o ' clock already ? 
  wrong sub , it 's / r/thenetherlands, 
  they really have a lot of determination huh . 
  easy there capt ` n , their decision is perfectly fine . 
  it 's fine to be annoyed with the situation or the rethoric , but do n't forget that it 's still just a lot of noise about a very minor issue, 
  good question , i 'll ask our queen . 
  joke 's on you , the weather 's really nice today . 
  i am all nazis on this blessed day , 
  what else would you use to stop people from loitering a-round ? 
  we are all nazis on this blessed day , 
  yes , it 's their job as public mascot after all . 
  but my suggestion sounds more zany !, 
  i mean , clearly we should shitpost more about american losses then . 
  i 'm not familiar with the early 2000 's , can you explain those policies ? 
  i 'm surprised , it 's not heart to see the pattern . 
   a religion i 'm gon na disagree right there . 
  can we trade ? 
   pim fortuyn was assassinated by your average redditor . 
  come on now . 
  i did n't know they were generally that positive towards the latter two . 
  like / u/luc312 said , i remember them ( or maybe just mark rutte ) being skeptical about new drugs laws because of other countries . 
  when it comes to euthanasia d66 was the big initiator as far as i 'm aware . 
  d66 is more progressive , being in favour of drug legilisation , euthanasia and gay marriage . 
  the vvd is more neutral/negative to some of these issues . 
  only now finland ? 
  are you even trying ? 
  no , i 'm saying all the sudden memeing is strange . 
  statements like this are why the un is losing its credibility . 
  hey , i do n't mean that it 's a horrible thing . 
  it 's just a bit silly to see dutch memes like the belgian `` roads '' rise to the top . 
  ah , is it time for the daily dutch shitpost again ? 
  good . 
  we get that perfectly fine , does n't make it any less stupid . 
  so all the protests in romania were about luxury bus seats after all . 
  obviously an extreme amount of parties is n't practical , but a two party system is n't great either . 
  it kinda goes against the idea of a democracy of choosing your own representatives . 
  multi-party systems can do fine , just look at the netherlands . 
  ah , is it finally time for the surprise aansluiting by / r/cirkeltrek ? 
  maybe they 've been / r/vexillology all along . 
  have we ever seen the two of them together in one room ? 
  yes , the issue is how to prevent this . 
  i think this is generally fair to say , but i think it 's not just the us and uk where this happens . 
  citation needed . 
   also , your cuisine ( kroket , poffertjes ) is popular here . 
  i mean , obviously , we have the best cuisine after all . 
  if only italy would stop being in denial . 
  i did n't know about that doctor thing though . 
  do you have any other laws like that left ? 
  did n't you get the memo ? 
  everything concerning space is automatically part of nasa . 
  we only slightly desecrated your country for some centuries ^ ^ please ^ ^ do n't ^ ^ be ^ ^ mad, 
  i 'm not sure if that shows anything than the current general opinion of a country . 
  at least it explains the eternal rivalry between finland and the netherlands i guess . 
  this i still do not get . 
  in what way is the uk so significantly different to the rest of europe when it comes to those things ? 
  i 'll happily admit that i 'm not a cultural expert , but to me it seems that the differences between two random countries in europe would be about as big ( or bigger , depending on the country ) as between the uk and a random european country . 
  for example , i 'd consider the uk and the netherlands to be way closer culturally than the uk and poland or the netherlands and poland . 
  in short : to me we all seem to be very close on a lot of issues , with each country still having its unique point of view and identity . 
  i mean , for most points there it also counts for us when it comes to a lot of commonwealth countries . 
  however , we 're still close to the rest of the continent , we share a cultural and a physical space with them after all . 
  what 's arrogant about that ? 
  it 's a big market right next door . 
  you 're even a part of it for a short while . 
  thanks for grabbing the info i was too lazy to look up . 
  fair point , but i believe you can actually get jail time for it , which is why some parties want it gone . 
  here we still have a law against insulting the king , which gets triggered once every 50 years or so , regardless if the king 's actually offended or not . 
  even the british newspapers did on the day of the referendum , in some cases with pictures that could come straight out of a fascist/communist propaganda piece . 
  i suppose it 's a bit of an understatement , but are n't injokes per definition conformism and group mentality ? 
  no , but other people are for some reason . 
  they 'll see the light someday . 
  that 's easy : injokes and references . 
  the hard part is finding the actual meaning of a meme . 
  maybe future historians will think that we pray to a frog god . 
  i get your point and i do n't know his exact quotes , but `` colonization had some good consequences '' and `` it was a crime against humanity '' do n't have to be contradictory right ? 
  that 's what we call projection . 
  at least we get to recognise him . 
  that 's bigger news in my opinion . 
  they should include a question about self knowledge next time . 
  no . ^ ^ ^ ^ they ^ ^ ^ ^ are ^ ^ ^ ^ the ^ ^ ^ ^ lizards, 
  * faceless * bureaucrats even !, 
  pretty good interview . 
  i 'm curious to see how his party building will go . 
  i like his style at least . 
  i can see a hill over there , not dutch at all !, 
  no , the argument is n't that migration within the open market is bad , it 's that a possible initial migration surge would be bad . 
  the uk chose to allow migration from the get-go , which is fair enough , but it 's not fair to then blame the eu if it causes issues .
