  you can get inspired , and then move even further beyonddd . 
  epica  nightwish . 
  next . 
  feelsbadman, 
  an actual well thought out response on my shitposting , nice . 
  i suppose it 's pretty clear , yes . 
  i believe my history books mentioned the importance of the connection to the ruhr area . 
  then again , they also mentioned the connection to the baltics , so i suppose that shows the importance of international trade . 
  so you 're saying the benelux should invade the ruhr area ? 
  i 'd rather get of mr nige 's wild ride . 
  ahh , then i 'll feel at home . 
  no , sightseeing . 
  i was n't prepared for a winter wonderland however . 
  why does this always seem to become an issue for them anyways ? 
  i was thinking of going on holiday to tallinn this summer , but now i 'm having second thoughts . 
  i know right ? 
  it just keeps getting better . 
  i mean , would n't you say that it 's the same in most countries ? 
  i mean , naturally , are n't we all ? 
  i have to say though , that article links to some [ amazing shit . 
  ] ( http://www.pinknews.co.uk/2017/05/04/a-russian-newspaper-columnist-just-discovered-gay-people-and-shes-not-happy/ ), 
  banning mgm is anti-jewish now ? 
  give me a break . 
  j'own this dog du femme ? 
  eh , i will say that some people sexualizing a whole race feels kinda awkward sometimes . 
  lies !, 
  i do n't see a halo above my head !, 
  that 's what you get when the eu is yet another attempt of germany to conquer europe / s. 
  hey now , us not making the pvv the biggest does n't count anymore ? 
  the vvd and cda remain strong in the netherlands however . 
  they are just as traditional as labour . 
  it seems that it 's mostly just labour that 's collapsing everywhere for some reason . 
  have you tried selling them oranges ? 
  that would depend on which friesland you 're talking about , no ? 
  the province is smaller but historic friesland is a lot bigger than even in the movie . 
  correct , it 's number 1 . 
  darth mar mar ? 
  true help would quickly be ( considered ) neocolonialism or neo-imperialism . 
  all options are bad . 
  i 'm giving it my best . 
  no it 's not . 
  source : me . 
  ahh , it 's nice to be in 2007 again . 
  the thing / u/banned _ by_default described was also in the news here a couple of months ago . 
  it was in rotterdam or the hague i think . 
  it 's the same in the netherlands i think . 
  it 's probably a western-european issue in general . 
  the eternal anglo strikes again !, 
  it can still be part of a democratic protest , just like holding a rally for a candidate . 
  did you ever hear the tragedy of darth may the leave ? 
  i mean , that 's already been the case for big parts of last century , right ? 
  i think we 've had issues like this and in the op in most european countries now . 
  and yet the parties who represent this neoliberal death march keep getting elected . 
  the easiest way to change this if you want to is to vote . 
  perhaps after turkey and saudi-arabia iran will become our next greatest ally : ^ ), 
  eu : `` my stand ** unity ** is the strongest stand in the world ! '', 
  chasing high standards is certainly good , but you should n't forget what we already have . 
  otherwise people could make rash decisions . 
  i have to say , i 'm really surprised with how relatively positive the netherlands is . 
  i thought we were generally pretty skeptic . 
  well , you 'd get yelled at for sure . 
  i 've just become partial to the american ideal of free speech . 
  it mostly seems to work for them at least . 
  let them speak and call them retarded after . 
  perhaps yes , although i 'd then use my freedom of speech to say very mean things . 
  i get his idea , but i 'd say there is a far bigger pressure to wear a headscarf than to not wear one . 
  [ here you go . 
  ] ( https://www.alternatehistory.com/forum/attachments/nederlandse-scandinavische-vlag-png.135893/ ), 
  well , well , well . 
  we 're the gatekeepers now ? 
  does that put us into or outto of nordic ? 
  can we also get a cool guard cloak , preferably in orange ? 
  people turn to authoritarianism during harsh times ? 
  what a surprise . 
  it 's not like germany is the only one in this regard . 
  i get that , i just think it 's kinda silly that `` continental europe '' is painted as kind of a monolith sometimes , including in this article . 
  it fits in this article , but i think this is what / u/allankempe was going for as well . 
  have you tried energizing your mitochondria ? 
  any western place that does n't speak english apparently . 
  we invaded the uk together with poland somewhere ? 
  what ? 
  you do n't have it that bad , do you ? 
  i 'm no expert on french worker 's rights , but stuff like wanting to go back to a retirement age of 60 sounds downright dreamy . 
  we tried that as well , but we always kept getting invaded by spain , france , germany , the uk , or a combination of the above . 
  needless to say i 'm jealous of your island status . 
  would you mind switching places ? 
  brainwashing ? 
  [ really ? 
  all countries with borders should stand trial for crimes against humanity !, 
  so you 're saying that the daily mail is just pretending to be retarded ? 
  eh , the fish should n't be that salty about that . 
  we probably displaced some wildlife of the finned variety . 
  i did n't know it 's possible to contradict yourself this many times per second . 
  apparently in that case we 'd be bullying them and taking their money . 
  we 're such meanies after all . 
   is going hold on now . 
  i mean , it 's not even a contest . 
  so long farewell ... i forgot the rest . 
  good luck i suppose . 
  thicc,
