  i get the point about the bias-comedy , but i still fail to see the problem . 
  everyone does this , and everyone 's been the subject of it as well . 
  you can always choose not to read those reddit comments you know , 
  i 'm always really happy that the dutch current year man is less cringey than the original one . 
  we really dodged a bullet there . 
  very rare thing indeed , is n't it ? 
  first they came for the lolis , and i did not speak out , because i did n't have one . 
  til from youtube : brits can not handle the banter . 
  next you 'll be saying we do n't all eat cheese . 
  probably because everyone likes part-time over here . 
  time for a greater germania !, 
  deus vult ( or something like that ), 
  i 'd say that germany is catching a lot of shit at the moment , even for a major world power . 
  i do n't know , as a teenager i happened to have met a lot of `` fellow kids '' who were having a really bad time . 
  looking for an identity , depressed , sometimes suicidal , mentally troubled , slightly redpilled , you name it . 
  none of these kids came even close to doing anything to anyone , let alone joining a random violent death cult . 
  in my opinion those kids who join something like isis are pretty crazy , and they also seem to lack empathy . 
  before anyone calls me out on it , i know my little story at the beginning is only anecdotal , but i still think it 's ok to use as an indication . 
  let 's just say that teenagers in general are good targets , because some of them are stupid enough for this . 
  thanks, 
  personally i amputated my ears . 
  they barely have a use . 
  ear wax is disgusting , not to speak of potential trapped sweat . 
  and let 's be honest , they look kinda weird . 
  and it seems like they moved a bit to the northeast , or the ones in holland just stopped using the name . 
  interesting to see `` belgae '' in southern britain . 
  cancer is cells rapidly multiplying , sometimes these divided cells break loose from the main group and end up in another part of the body . 
  i still think it 's a bad analogy . 
  it 's really hard for cancer to spread . 
  he should 've used a pathogen instead . 
  i recommend the plague , it 's a classic . 
  stingy and down to earth/plain , just the way i like it, 
  what 's wrong with dutch cities :(, 
  the ministery of silly tweets . 
  i blame global warming . 
   ** swedish maritime administration bought a new sar helicopter - does n't work in cold weather ** sounds like something a government would do . 
  we need bird border controls asap !, 
  damn , i tend to not be a fan of rightish rethoric , but hugbox much ? 
  paxman treated the guy as a child and the second video is almost a tutorial on how not to have a debate . 
  they circlejerk at a / r/europe ( hue hue ) level . 
  you ok there , buddy ? 
  i do n't know , has n't europe always been kind of imbalanced ? 
  i mean , countries like the benelux have always been really small compared to the likes of germany , france and the uk . 
  i agree , there 's nothing wrong the the name `` european union '' . 
  concessions have to be made somewhere . 
  at least this plan is actually slightly reasonable , unlike some of those concentration plans . 
  regardless , i 'm surprised samson managed to make up something that does n't completely suck . 
  that 's a first . 
  true , i suppose the middle is characterized by apathy more than anything else . 
  do n't forget that both sides are on the extreme here , the golden middle still exists . 
  silly poland , those are n't letters !, 
  well , someone needs to be sacrificed to the gods , right ? 
  we were gon na ask germany , but they look kinda scary . 
  huh , i expected more mold and rust . 
  why do you have to get the polish into this ? 
  tbh as a child i always thought that 's what diversity and integration meant : assimilating the migrants into the pre-existing culture , enriching the host country 's culture with a few aspects from the immigrant 's culture , like food or architectural elements or something . 
  i do n't know if i misunderstood back then or if the words somehow changed meaning . 
  at least we 're bigger than finland . 
  i think they 're trying to overtake the bants market from australia . 
  you should drink less champagne next year . 
  i see , the tulip market crash . 
  that was a big crisis alright . 
  interesting that references to it spread so far . 
  dutch disease ? 
  i 've never heard of that one before . 
  is it about never spending money , or does it just make you turn orange ? 
  holy shit , that picture, 
  actually 10 seconds . 
  ... actually 10 seconds . 
  too soon :(, 
  * bride, 
  well , that 's dark , i hope they did n't suffer too much . 
  i wonder if any safety rules will change because of this . 
  i do n't know anything about the safety rules in romania , are they strict , or not ? 
  why do you think they come to europe . 
  you 're right , they invaded us first , pay up italy !, 
  we 'd pay you back mate , but we 're still waiting for the reparations from spain , france , the uk , and germany . 
  for me they 're just the party to shit on when shitting on the pvv gets boring , although compared to these guys the pvv is basically benign . 
  do n't be sad , it seems like half of europe likes watching barely above-aged girls titslapping each other in swimming suits ( ? ), 
  he 's basically a walking shitpost . 
  this is next level strawmanning !, 
  no thanks , it 's nice to have the same timezone as most other countries . 
  i 'd kill to drop dst though . 
  hah , reminds me of the news i read a couple of days ago that turkey called us a `` second rate democracy '' because of parliamentary complaints about their state intervention in mosques here . 
  got ta love it . 
  no , * obviously * british are obviously extremely persecuted . 
  marginalized , and hated here . 
  why are human rights groups always so vehemently criticizing this ? 
  `` they 've always been the good guys ? '', 
  it 's not our obligation to allow migrants in , is it ? 
  `` neat '' is not the word that comes to mind . 
  tfw no gf . 
  but what would be the acronym if america wants to leave again ? 
  close to the end of the article . 
   have a criminal past  want to do something good  go on jihad with isis ?? 
  guttural union it is then ? 
  i 'm not sure how the other nordics speak . 
  what about the netherlands ? 
  we seem to dislike the eu as well , and people keep confusing us with denmark all the time . 
  the news always has a hard-on for the us for some reason , but here they also focus on the local news .
