  right now coalition talks in the netherlands have come to a halt because of a disagreement on this . 
  i would like to add though that fully solving the issue * is * pretty complex . 
  things like smugglers will always exist . 
  while i do n't necessarily agree with the scheme , i do n't think a majority of anyone is excited about 3rd world immigration . 
  they mostly want to share the load . 
  it 's mostly this and little green men . 
  you think ? 
  this is the first one i kinda like , and i generally find them to be cringe-inducing . 
  now that would be hilarious . 
  i do n't , i was happy to finally see him gone . 
  i prefer boris johnson for comic relief . 
  going strong in most of western-europe i think . 
  why do you think we send them away . 
  there are actual self-respecting adults who thing like this or vote for this ? 
  and the seats got 3 feet smaller !, 
  surely you meant to say `` taking a pounding '' ^ ^ ^ ^ i ^ ^ ^ ^ know ^ ^ ^ ^ i 'm ^ ^ ^ ^ very ^ ^ ^ ^ original, 
  i have to say though , this is an interesting exchange . 
  i think basically every country 's stereotype about themselves is that they complain too much and about other countries that they 're too arrogant . 
  the issue is as well that it 'll cost a lot of resources if we want to reduce the amount of immigration to zero , and somehow i doubt that most countries are jumping up and down to pay for all of this . 
  i think it 's still the long-term path of least resistance though . 
  other countries do n't want the refugees either though , so that puts the eu in kind of a tough spot . 
  disregarding the outer border control issues that is . 
  not really , it seems to be a standard feature now . 
  the best we can do is as a society being more agressive in calling them retarded , or if you 're in an edgy mood trying to commit as much blasphemy as possible . 
  * excuse * me ? 
  the term is `` radical alt-centrist ! '', 
  thanks for your clarification . 
  it 's a very dangerous risk . 
  for example , i think that the alt-right managed to grow a lot because of this . 
  it 's the boy who cried wolf in a nutshell . 
  [ ahem ] ( http://i2.kym-cdn.com/photos/images/newsfeed/001/182/719/c4a.jpg ), 
   wait , he still does not ~ ~ understand that the us trades with the eu and not the individual member states ? ~ ~ we need to go deeper . 
  considering it 's politics it probably is  ) ) ) ), 
  also , you 'd have to be especially awful to risk damaging such a beautiful historic building . 
  just hit him while he 's cycling , or at least until he 's walking of some stairs . 
  new zealand has nothing to do with this !, 
  there 's a difference ? 
  i mean , it led to practical discrimination and segregation . 
  you also have the risk of people starting to believe different versions of the facts . 
  i can see your point , and i was purposefully stretching it a bit , but i think the argument is still valid . 
  you can always find an arbitrary reason for segregating something , be it biological , cultural , or identity differences ( for the record , i 'm not against sex segregation in sports or anything ) . 
  i meant it more in the spirit of the other comments , as in : festivals are n't a human right . 
  if this would already be a human right then things like sex-segregation in sports would also be forbidden . 
  i agree , let 's make it official !, 
  fair enough , but the issue then is that you essentially get two countries within one border . 
  politics are hard when everyone is just entrenched in their own groups . 
  i have seen some swastikas in my time , but those could also be from edgelords . 
  the last couple of years it seems like most of the extremist stuff is indeed far-left . 
  or in short : the `` iflalbostdboftidaigptfofusaciyfactiobetm '' people . 
  a catchy term for a hip group . 
  for some reason i 've also seen a lot of antifa graffiti show up around utrecht since roughly a month ago . 
  while i do n't agree with everything written here , i do think that stuff like this is a grave danger . 
  it pushes people back into different groups again . 
  it could lead to things like `` pillarization '' , which we worked so hard to get rid of just 50 years ago . 
  i think it 's an innate weakness of multiculturalism . 
  i do n't know , that article is kinda general . 
  if you 'd follow it that way sex-segregated sports would be violating it as well . 
  the organizers are still stupid and deserve to be laughed at though . 
  germany has been reasonable for a while now , no ? 
  easy there daily mail . 
  ... indians were there with elephants ? 
  talk about stereotyping . 
  i 'd laugh if it were n't so sad . 
  that 's nonsense , the spanish have nothing to do with this . 
  how can one man be so butthurt ? 
  i have to say , seeing those percentages makes me feel bad about my own country . 
  farage is also a bit of a cunt tbh . 
  regardless , it 's still sad to see the british leave . 
  more like prescribing antibiotics to treat the flu , because it could also do some damage to freedom by putting this as a bad precedent . 
  wow , that 's a very nice documentary , although i have to say that i feel a bit depressed from watching it . 
  regarding an other cartoon : the norwegian center against racism condemned the paper over the 2013 cartoon , stating it reflected a `` gross failure in editorial discretion . '' making slightly extreme anti-circumcision cartoons is racist now ? 
  `` of all sad words of tongue or pen the saddest are these : / pol / was right again '', 
  i think i have the quote wrong , i was thinking of a debate with buma . 
  regardless , apparently the cda as a whole is still a proponent of same sex marriage now . 
  did n't the cda even name same sex marriage as a `` traditional dutch value '' ? 
  my god . 
  i did n't know france was in such a dire situation . 
  fake cycling !, 
  remember kids : if you 're old enough to write , you 're old enough to ride ( without a helmet . ), 
   a lot of money in portugal and greece was injected to cover mistakes made by private banks . 
  that was the case everywhere right ? 
  there is a reason why a lot of people hate bankers here , although i 'm kinda puzzled why they keep voting right wing in that case . 
  tolerant of getting assaulted ? 
  for sure , i now appreciate the no-tolerance policy they used in the netherlands even more now, 
  a bit too long winded , you always have to keep it snappy !, 
  ca n't you guys stop ruining my jokes damnit, 
  i 'm afraid i 'm not familiar enough with italy to say anything about this , was he that bad ? 
  i 'm sure age is just a number to him , just like the age of consent . 
  implying he has n't done so already . 
  what 's the difference ? 
  she still planned terrorist attacks . 
  although one has to be a special kind of retarded to work and fight for something that would oppress you if it had the chance . 
  be honest though , the netherlands are total bros ( not biased . ), 
  too bad none of those really seem to be working yet . 
   drowning families on the libyan coast pretty sure this is a troll . 
   news website , stormfront hold the fuck up . 
  i really wish we 'd did this , stop the imperative for people to try . 
  so looking mean at them will scare them away ? 
  good to know . 
  but are they red , white , and blue ?
