  fair point , i do n't even know what to say about that . 
  eh , he just wrote a standard 4chan sentence . 
  even where i live a lot of women used to wear some kind of headscarf ~ 100 years ago . 
  hell , pants for women only really started in the 60s . 
  it 's an easy thing for politicians to say/do because it concerns so few people , unlike proper solutions . 
  really ? 
  i did n't follow it that much . 
  the choices for a social-liberal/economic-leftist are getting worse it seems . 
  interesting , the greens you have must be of a very special kind . 
  the ones where i live do n't do anything near like that , as far as i 'm aware . 
  my theory is that they exclude themselves from these `` german plebeians '' because they 're a citizen of the world , or something like that . 
  it 's strange . 
  but immigration this way does n't work , does it ? 
  it takes a lot of money to house them in camps , and while they 're in camps they ca n't exactly work . 
  if you want immigration to fix the work issue you should take people with the right skillset and a closer culture , preferably speaking the same language . 
  maybe eastern-europe ? 
  i 'm still really curious if this is taken out of some extreme kind of context . 
  it 's such a strange thing to say . 
  they probably mean the 9gag definition . 
  at least it shows the chaos of the situation well . 
  ns is literally nsb . 
  it 's 4chan , it 'd be a wonder if it were n't trolls . 
  i believe it 's a few specific countries that people talk about . 
  russia , ukraine , poland , thailand , maybe china ? 
  do we have a mail-order bride expert on / r/europe somewhere ? 
  independence day ^ ^ ^ in ^ ^ ^ 2020, 
  probably both . 
  well meme 'd . 
  it feels like i 've missed a great conversation here . 
  depends , i 'm willing to bet that most people would answer yes if we were attacked by some asshole country , and no if we suddenly turn into swamp nazis . 
  i think people interpreted the question more in the latter way . 
  the gulen situation has been reported on multiple times here , i do n't know what western sources you have been reading . 
  this all does n't mean that people ca n't be skeptical about the way the situation is handled . 
  as is tradition . 
  what did you expect ? 
  it 's still youtube . 
  i think i can demand compensation from every country west of the elbe except portugal , gib euromonies !, 
  in the netherlands they mostly live in the cities . 
  furthermore , a big chunk of the emigrated here when their country of origin stopped being a colony . 
  also , is n't south-london like the most diverse place on the planet ? 
  yeah i believe this happened in most other eu countries as well . 
  look at the bright sight , it shows that most countries are roughly in the same league . 
  after reading all this , what is his comment except a reddit-tier temper tantrum ? 
  europe is obviously no utopia . 
  i think that the racism here is expressed in a different fashion , and targeted at different people . 
  the conditions and relations are very different after all . 
  i do have to admit though that i 'm no expert . 
  i 've never seen racism from either place in the flesh , except on the internet . 
  same here . 
  i 'm not saying that there are n't issues , but people are always copying whatever is going on in the us . 
  they even use the exact same terminology , often without translating it . 
  i 'm fine with people protesting against issues , but at least try to be original . 
  eh , it might as wel be coincidence , you can never tell with those things . 
   handholding calm down there dude , there are kids visiting this subreddit !, 
  did n't a decent amount of eastern-europeans go back once the issues were solved ? 
  it 's at least one example , although it probably go this way now . 
  tunisia is doing a bit better no ? 
  ca n't we skip them ? 
  indeed . 
  i 'm curious to see if this will change in the upcoming decades . 
  this is madness !, 
  apparently . 
  dollarydoos ? 
  what is this ? 
  / r/australia ? 
  oh yeah , people definitely seem to want a change . 
  things like the prosecution of that german comedian made him seem like a bit of a joker i think . 
  that would be good , but i do n't think switzerland would be a good choice . 
  people 'd probably call it too biased . 
   so are most europeans is that true ? 
  as far as i 'm aware most people dislike both coups and erdogan at a roughly equal level . 
  i know i do . 
  the whole western world is n't saying that at all . 
  maybe some people looking for conspiracies are . 
  most people just are n't 100 % convinced if it 's gulen or not , and are skeptical of the actions of the government after the coup . 
  pls no . 
  i would n't . 
  i do n't think i 'm mentally prepared to see that yet . 
   the referendum was ~ ~ probably ~ ~ not done in a correct way . 
  like a week of preparation , no independent oversight , and done right after a militaristic takeover after which protesters were n't allowed a voice . 
  it was about as democratic and trustworthy as flipping a coin . 
  but what if the terrorists have a see-through bomb ? 
  they could always deport them to some random country , like germany . 
  alright , but what color ? 
  fair enough . 
  was n't trolling and divide-and-conquering the strategy of every european country before wwii ? 
  i wonder how it 'll work in the current year . 
  ah yes , that lady had a very ... interesting approach to pr . 
  was she the arml\u00e4nge lady ? 
  gahsir ? 
  with or without asterisk ? 
  pop star is retarded , more news at 8 . 
  they 're doing it for the bants . 
  hey , i 'm not saying people on the other side are n't triggered as well . 
  oh damn you 're right . 
  those guys are triggered as fuck !, 
  geert would be in the prologue episode : `` geert , the blond batavian '', 
  i suppose that 's the downside of democracy . 
  i think that is shows that the system is working . 
  my body was n't ready .
