  * one google earth later * well look at that . 
  turkey is becoming a meme country faster and faster . 
  i 'm really glad i 'm not a woman then . 
  i do n't think i 'd be able to not joke for more than 3 minutes . 
  with those kind of guys it would probably be a sacreligious joke as well . 
  unity in idiocy ? 
  does this make the deus vult ? 
  the scottish referendum ? 
  what did they do ? 
  classy as always . 
  not at the same amount though . 
  it 's still helping people reach their goal if you bring them to their original destination this way . 
  i understand the moral case . 
  but in practice it does n't hold up if you then take this people to europe , instead of back to their starting point . 
  otherwise you just encourage more people to try the dangerous journey . 
   can we cap the number to something we can sustain ? 
  or is that immoral in only giving refuge to some people ? 
  it 's going to get worse so are going to have to figure it out . 
  the issue is , like you say , that you can basically take in a limitless amount of people , while still only helping a fraction of all the people in need . 
   last year 179,000 of the 181,000 african refugees in italy were picked up outside libyan coastal waters either by the italian navy , the eu border agency frontex or by ngos . 
  can we at least stop doing this then ? 
  ferrying people in is the last thing we should do . 
   lawyers for justice in libya director elham saudi said of the libya deal : `` it is wrong for the eu to enter into an agreement with a country that has no concept of asylum and no refugee protection . 
  the eu knows that torture , rape and killing occur in these camps . 
  even the basics are not there -- there is no registration , there are no records , there is no one counting them , there is no legal process , there is no access to a lawyer , there is no accountability , there is nothing . 
  it is a facade and yet the eu celebrates this agreement which is a way of being complicit in torture . '' they do n't have to stay in those camps you know . 
  i understand that it costs money to return , but perhaps that is the only thing where we could contribute to . 
   and then to offer new financial incentives to countries such as nigeria to take back rejected asylum claimants . 
  i also hate it that these countries will only take back their own citizens by the grace of god . 
  i swear this whole situation is starting to annoy me more and more . 
  ... i have so many questions . 
  while it 's perfectly fine to change the color of a passport , it 's absolutely retarded to whine about humiliation . 
  especially if you 're apparently colorblind like this guy . 
  if you can only revoke something by paying a lot of money it is n't really revocable in practice . 
  if some silly contest in good laughs makes others consider us a laughing stock then i 'm not sure if we should be hanging around with them in the first place . 
  people who burn french flags . 
  germans wear clothes ? 
  download winrar and never pay for it . 
  let 's not work ourselves up now . 
  they 're just looking into the reason why the standard population ( aboriginals ? ), 
  segregate themselves relatively often . 
  it 's a perfectly fine question to research if you want to learn more about integration . 
  i 'd be more concerned with the fact that dutch people could become a minority in some dutch cities . 
  ah i see , that makes sense , thanks . 
  well , germany and perhaps france are roughly at the same level of the uk right ? 
  good god man !, 
  they 're already leaving , you do n't have to destroy the bbc as well !, 
  then why not say the us ? 
  or the western world ? 
  anglo-saxon is an oddball in that list . 
  it 's the same as with assholes , every group has them . 
  especially funny because it puts east-asians , africans , and indians all in the same category . 
  the term basically seems to mean `` non-european descendants . '', 
  ah cheers , i 'll read that in the morning . 
  to add on this , i think general support for the eu would rise a decent amount if the border protection is done effectively . 
  then people would see the point of it all . 
  it 's a human problem after all . 
  there 's quite a gap between drowning people and moving them in . 
  what if we say please ? 
  with such a big boom you also have a chance for the system to disintegrate into a big war . 
  that would n't harm progress forever , but certainly for a while . 
  we 're sorry , we 'll try to be more mean next time . 
  we can always build a dyke . 
  when you think about it it would turn the mediterranean into the second biggest moat , just behind the atlantic ocean between mexico and the netherlands . 
  we just needed ~ ~ to see someone else ~ ~ let someone else see us . 
  it 's not you , it 's us . 
  do n't they do this everywhere ? 
  do n't feed the troll . 
  that 's fair , democracy can very easily be bad as well . 
  it 's inherently neutral . 
  what i 'd call the positive side of democracy is the general agreement of the majority . 
  i would ' t call it consent though , because you can still have majority consent in a non-democracy . 
  good argument . 
  you can still have a democracy if you have a liberal democracy with a constitution which enshrines certain freedoms/rights . 
  and here 's the fun part : you ca n't force those people to integrate , at least when they 've got full citizenship . 
  at that point they have the freedom to live their life the way they want to . 
  this is why i 'm always a bit sceptical of immigration . 
  have you all tried telling them the truth or is that just not working ? 
  do people honestly think that ? 
  i 'd say that doing something like this in the first place is extremely fucked up . 
  i just found it interesting that the dates match , that 's all, 
  just speculating , but might this be connected with the one year anniversary of the brussels attack ? 
  why should we care ? 
  at the moment he 's only embarrassing himself . 
  that pic that people post when europeans say something about the us is relevant here . 
  stop ruining my fun damnit . 
  silliness aside , interesing point about poorer areas in rich countries . 
  had n't thought about that issue before . 
  why help others if they can help me instead eh . 
  pretty much . 
  ca n't we invest in western-europe for a change ? 
  i do n't think it 's great to start posting stuff of this kind of snark level , even if i agree with the sentiment . 
  / r/yurop is always there for our circlejerk needs . 
  eh , i 'm still waiting for proper long term results before i cast my final judgment . 
  fair point , but it 's not in a government 's place to make cheap propaganda . 
  it should be a societal reaction instead . 
  good lord , the memes just keep writing themselves . 
  this needs a humor/satire tag . 
  to be fair , labour managed to destroy themselves all on their own . 
  sometimes it would be nice to have the old wilders again .
