  in the end the comment comes over to me as `` pls do n't look '' . 
  ah i see , well , you can have the quote for free anyways . 
   meanwhile activists and groups including the national secular society have criticised the approach taken by the select committee . 
   during a recent hearing of the home affairs select committee to gather evidence for their inquiry , committee member naz shah mp said : `` the people i have been talking to in the last 24 hours have told me that there is an air of islamophobia and racism about this whole debate '' about sharia . 
  interesting that someone cried islamophobia/racism the instant that sharia gets talked about . 
  and then you see that finland stands on 1 . 
  logical , memes are their primary export after all . 
  this should come as no surprise , / r/the _ donald was talking about spreading to the european elections as well . 
  huh , i did n't expect that for some reason . 
  now i wonder which other countries have these rules . 
  does turkey have laws like this ? 
  if so , it might be the explanation for the recent unrest . 
  with his attitude we do n't want him either . 
  i hope we will , i already do . 
  i would radicalise as well in that situation . 
  after seeing the pictures in this thread : kill me . 
  that would mostly kill ourselves if anything . 
  oh shit , they figured our venomous plans out !, 
  russia has really strange media huh ? 
  such a waste . 
  it 's not very sneaky , huh ? 
  those corners , so sexy !, 
  probably through mitosis , there is no need to look at the details . 
  i 'd be kinda jealous of my child tbh, 
  have bicycle tanks been invented yet ? 
  which makes western europe lawful neutral right ? 
  i guess that 's close enough . 
  i do n't know about the other european countries , but the netherlands has had amber alert for a long time . 
  while it is obviously unrelated to race , i do think it 's interesting that there are apparently so many rape gangs from pakistan . 
  this does make me wonder if there 's something with a part of the culture . 
  i also find it interesting that the police is so afraid of racism while they seem to be so much into classism . 
  at least it seems to be that way from the several reddit posts that are up right now . 
  it 's not like i have any figures or anything , but i believe that young women in the past went topless more often , and that naturist clubs were more popular with young people . 
  however , i believe old people also give less of a fuck in general . 
  same in the netherlands . 
  i believe it 's become less popular over the years . 
  this is the most truthfull version i guess , although the groups are kinda random of course . 
  additionally , in some cases i 've heard of `` northwestern europe '' as well . 
  this would encompass countries like the uk and the benelux . 
  well , that 's a sobering view . 
  humans are strange creatures . 
   the court heard that in april 2014 , badrul hussain -- who was found guilty of providing premises for drug supply -- was caught traveling on public transport without a ticket . 
  the female ticket inspector claimed that he shouted at her : `` all white women are only good for one thing . 
  for men like me to fuck and use like trash . 
  that 's all women like you are worth . '' charming fellow . 
  sounds good , who brings the coffee ? 
  hold up there belgium . 
  it 's our job to circlejerk about your infrastructure !, 
  do n't take our jobs !, 
  ye i noticed that already when i left on friday , but tuesday was not cool man . 
  literally . 
  i was on holiday to krakow this week . 
  worst timing possible . 
  i take it you have german ancestry ? 
  the netherlands would n't . 
  we 'd be already dead . 
  dog bless . 
  well memed . 
  more like `` rescuing migrants from having to live in africa . '', 
  a truly horrible curse . 
  to be fair , we also had colonies , so we also have those ties , unless they want us all dead that is . 
  but we have n't even gotten to the mass starvations yet !, 
  fair point . 
  every side has it 's bad apples , there are some moany europeans too . 
  but i think some peope would say that the complaints about the uk are justified because they voted leave with a majority , meaning that 52 % agrees with such rhetoric . 
  i think the saltiness comes more from the insults and cultural/economic grandstanding . 
  i know that the headlines did n't leave a great impression on me at least . 
  til . 
  the full ( partial ) story is always more complicated . 
  from what i 've understood king louis bonaparte , brother of napoleon , was [ quite well liked ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/louis_bonaparte ) . 
  he tried to improve the country to such a level that napoleon dethroned him after a couple of years . 
  i think napoleon himself is generally considered to be a bit of a megalomanic twat ( at least that how he always came over to me ) , but his brother was pretty ok , all things considered . 
  yeah , i guess that 's a fair point . 
  i was kinda shocked when i found out how many countries actually use fptp . 
  you make it sound like the uk is barely democratic at all . 
  a royal challenge like the world 's never seen , eh ? 
  i agree with / u/florisv . 
  remove francophone and we have a deal . 
  besides this we have to know about your feelings towards drilling for oil in the rural provinces though . 
  it is vital to our identity . 
  that is isisian for `` returning to a safe space where you wo n't have to face much consequences . '', 
  no stalin joke ? 
  how disappointing . 
  honestly , at this point i 'm starting to become impressed by their dedication . 
  i do n't know , i feel kinda bad for the places that get stuck with our retards . 
  what comes after denial again ? 
  anger , i believe ? 
  because it rolls of the tongue . 
  people here mostly use `` england '' , because `` great britain '' or `` united kingdom '' are too long . 
  furthermore , like / u / _ samss _ said , people consider it to be the main part of the country . 
  it 's the same reasons why people call the usa `` america '' , or the netherlands `` holland '' . 
  but non-anglo memes like spurdo are very spicy as well . 
  you should demand the government to make holes in all seats to compensate the space . 
  so were the ancient romans skirt on head retarded ? 
  i did n't know we had mermaids on reddit . 
  you know ? 
  that does n't sound too bad . 
  let 's make doggerland great again !, 
  i see a lot of big claims in this thread , but this one is especially eye-catching . 
  do you have a source for it ?
