  something something glass houses . 
  * memegineering, 
  and if they 're our allies i 'm sure they 'll have no problem listening to our request : ^ ), 
  96 % is nice right ? 
  i 'm pleasantly surprised about the netherlands at least . 
  godspeed , you shitposting bastards . 
  swedes can cycle ? 
  shhh !, 
  also , what / u/pepser said . 
  netherlands yes , that 's what you get when you have 28 parties running for the elections . 
  yes , that 's almost the basis of our political system . 
  i do n't think we 've ever had an absolute majority with our current system . 
  yes , i guess ? 
  maybe a liiitle bit less than the biggest parties , but way more than other more niche parties , like denk or maybe the pvv . 
  we just concentrated our sillines into one person . 
  keeps everything more clear . 
  in other words : the freedom from religion . 
  i agree , how do you even start a conversation about something like that ? 
  `` hey , let 's rape some random dude '' ? 
  i take it they already had their share of whiskey when they came up with the name ? 
  afaik we ( the netherlands ) usually end up with a stricter version of a regulation . 
  i 'm willing to bet that that 's true for a lot of countries . 
  they often love alternative facts for some reason . 
  i could n't resist the meme . 
  that first place ca n't be serious . 
  good question , i have no idea . 
   russia at 21 % come on now . 
  i thought it was quite clear that the first video solved the issue . 
  i 'm still not convinced that the sun is real . 
  our ego is * very * big after all . 
  i like how all the phone companies advertise this as their own gift to you . 
  hmm , i could 've sworn that there was another guy , oh well . 
  yeah i know , but there was a german guy as well , right ? 
  you do n't know the famous stories ? 
  like that guy who kept his daughter locked up in his cellar . 
  not as long as i do n't get involved in keller-related issues . 
  ah yes , i was thinking about europe day . 
  and thanks !, 
  only many months to go !, 
  as a present for my birthday :d ? 
  your flair makes me suspicious , are you having keller issues again ? 
  yeah , doing it for free is just idiotic . 
  i knew something was wrong with katy perry !, 
  do you want to grab 'em by the pony ? 
  makes you wonder what it 'll be tomorrow , cheese maybe ? 
  more like returning after a few hours . 
  to be fair , i think it 's pretty warranted to discriminate when it comes to border control . 
  the very nature of them is a discrimination based on nationality . 
  but can it withstand a 90 kg projectile being thrown at it from over 300 meters ? 
  look at it from the bright side , in their case the situation can only definitely maybe eventually get better . 
  speak for yourself * bends spoon *, 
  there 's such a thing as going too far man ... 
  `` germans raising their eyebrows '' does n't exactly have the same ring to it . 
  it 's been there for something like 15 years , i 'd say it 's established itself pretty clearly . 
  would be nice . 
  we can into relevant !, 
  pls no . 
  clearly italy wanted to join grootnederland . 
  they can work on those roads . 
  now now , do n't wander too much into conspiracy territory . 
  i did n't think that turkey would be our greatest ally . 
  i think it 'd be partially dubious in the netherlands as well , after that whole plane thing . 
  wait , did n't we plan to invade belgium first ? 
  i 'm confused . 
  a german empire ? 
  oh please , in that case the uk is a scottish empire . 
  i agree that the guy above is being a dick , but do n't start spouting this kind of stuff . 
  you mean the part about the guy being a ukip supporter ? 
  nothing but threaten ? 
  at most some people gave some warnings , and some people support ( br ) exit as well . 
  hardly a threat . 
  you 've got to be joking . 
  have you seen some of the rethoric in the uk ? 
  they managed to generate more hate than all of the eu combined did . 
  so what would be their practical gain from doing this ? 
  just an ideological win ? 
  he probably means battlefield 1 . 
  we sure as hell ai n't vegan . 
   cyclists this one keeps being strange , and totally intolerant of the netherlands . 
  shhh !, 
  of course it 's your own sovereign choice to pick whoever you want , but could you maybe pick someone with a better haircut next time ? 
  at least then everything goes down in style . 
  so harsh , but partially true i guess ; _ ;, 
  that could be true , but somehow i doubt everything changed that radically in 10-15 years, 
  that 's a bit of an overstatement in my opinion . 
  i saw as much french as english until i was 7-8 , which is not much . 
  almost impressive , really . 
  are there places where this does n't happen ? 
  please add a nsfl warning to your post . 
  yeah that title escalated really quickly . 
  i agree . 
  it can have extremely bad effects on a person 's health . 
  although i dislike completely banning it , i think it 's good that something 's done about the issue . 
  looking at other countries , general policies on smoking seem to work pretty well if you 're willing to wait long enough . 
  makes me curious as well , we did n't really have that above 4 years old here . 
  regardless , it should n't matter . 
  i 'm not sure that we can be considered english speaking with de accent dat we hev . 
  well , it 's not like they became tolerant of jews yesterday , not that it matters much . 
  everything 's relative :p, 
  i have to say though , the debate can be a bit stifling yes .
