  how do you do , fellow humans ? 
  i agree , butthurt is best watched from a distance . 
  go away !, 
  you know what they say , france is just the netherlands lying on its side . 
  `` dear members of the european nazi party , my name is boris johnson , and this is jackass . '', 
  holy shit , those bants !, 
  i ca n't believe germany 's starting to outbanter the uk now . 
  they were going so strong . 
  more rammstein for everybody !, 
  yeah !, 
  they finally got their independence from the tyrannical fourth reich !, 
  the british empire will save the world again !, 
  [ out the eu ], 
  you 're a big country . 
  if i took away northern ireland , would you die ? 
  i think it 's pretty awkward regardless of what he 'd do . 
  clearly amsterdam is the superior choice / shill, 
  well , clearly not . 
   american engish dropped, 
  i believe the mohammed part has been an problem since at least 2005 . 
  shit !, 
  they found me !, 
  as much as you can . 
  trust me , the tulip market never crashes . 
  eh , life is what you make of it . 
  i 'm sure farage will be able to think of some ceremony . 
  that 's why you should n't tell anybody . 
  so do i , but do n't let anybody know . 
  damn deflation does that to you :(, 
  even a lot of / pol/acks i 've seen call the false flag theory stupid . 
  that 's how dumb the idea is . 
  damn , that list is so long it 's scary . 
  to ( roughly ) quote 4chan : `` another scheme of the globalist jewish cospiracy . '', 
   4 . everyone competes naked does this include the winter olymics ? 
  butthurt ? 
  what is this , 2014 ? 
  yeah , unfortunately people only tend to complain about discrimination when it 's against them . 
  the bitter cynic in me sometimes wonders if the whole `` german domination '' thing is just the uk being salty about not being the center of attention anymore . 
  i do n't mean to offend anyone , but those speeches sometimes sound like they have some jealousy hidden in them . 
  i vote for #cameroff . 
  or wilfully russian ? 
  nigel ` out with the kraut ' farage, 
  `` it was my privilege . '', 
  clearly not , this is obviously the 4th reich taking revenge for the brits standing up to them in wwii . 
  then you basically get back to the age old discussion of isolationalism vs interventionism . 
  i think it 's really exciting , every day i wake up to turkey 's government embarrasing itself even further . 
  it 's always interesting to see what they come up with next . 
  more fascism . 
   government picking a side in the gg issues shit france what are you doing ? 
  nah , i think that 's germany . 
  but is n't that kind of a bad analogy though ? 
  it 's not like the uk is a singular being , it is an amalgamate of many different peoples , just like the eu . 
  i understand the argument of decentralisation , but people often seem to talk like the uk is the best and/or lowest level , while you could easily draw that line even further . 
  neither do we . 
  what can i say , our tradition to build dikes is an old one . 
  i 've never understood his point in this video . 
  why is he so certain that ever place on the planet will be multicultural ? 
  is he talking about some orwellian goal , or does he think the whole planet will mass-migrate somewhere because of the information age ? 
  is he saying that every place in the past was multicultural , and that 's a good and natural state ? 
  i do n't get it . 
  and he 's usually so easy to follow as well . 
  i wonder why those two groups feel so attracted to russia . 
  i am continental and i deal with the uk daily ( living there . ), 
  i have also dealt with americans , although to a lesser extend . 
  from my point of view continentals and people from the uk are almost the same . 
  the us is pretty similar to both groups , but they often have their own take on things . 
  that said , the uk is probably closer to the us than to some of the eastern members . 
  it 's the same for most of western europe . 
  the iron curtain has left it 's mark i suppose . 
  talking about the possible negatives from a decision is fearmongering now ? 
  i get that anti-brexit ( brittin ? ), 
  likes to cite the possible economic negatives , but that does n't make it fearmongering . 
  you know what they say , age is just a number . 
  delet this !!!!!!, 
  they almost always are . 
   adoption rights for gay couples was 69 % in 2006 , followed by sweden at 51 % . 
  suck it finland !, 
  the netherlands have won again viva hollandiaaa !, 
  i 've never heard of that translation before , but it 's my new favorite now . 
  this is bait . 
  i 'm not an expert or anything , but blaming the `` left wing media '' seems like a cop-out to me . 
  there is a reason why everyone is looking at the eu . 
  advanced deflection . 
  i do n't want to share !, 
  that statement is correct . 
  says north-north germany :d, 
   i 'm referring more to this constant talk of russia threatening europe 's borders . . in reality it 's the other way around . 
   i honestly do not blame russia for being afraid of western european expansionism , given how many times it has been invaded in the past few centuries . 
  i think sanctions over syria are silly , but come on now , it 's not like europe is threatening to invade russia , while they invaded/are still invading another country . 
  when it comes to history russia has also merrily invaded random countries west of them . 
  [ here you go . 
  ] ( https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=qmppncvczvw ), 
  in my opinion you ca n't combine schengen with lax immigration policies , otherwise you can get issues like the ones we have now . 
  i suppose the talk is nice , but something should also actually be done . 
  it shows a real failure of the governments in my opinion . 
  having enough houses for people to live in is pretty basic stuff , regardless if you yourself or just companies build them . 
  wait , is n't this kind of dangerous though ? 
  not to rip on ikea , but this reminds me a lot of the factory housing of around 1900 . 
  what are those ? 
  west ?
