  it would be very interesting if true . 
  but that would mean the catholic church would have to donate as much as 1 % of their total wealth . 
  has n't she been critical about it before ? 
  i still remember her receiving a lot of scorn for telling a girl that she had to go back if her place of origin was declared safe . 
  nice , we 're always in need for more knights in shining armor after all . 
  they are there for horse girls to obsess over , i suppose . 
  i am happy they chose the seahorse , the most useless kind of horses . 
  he 's just enacting the meme that germans can only be pro open borders or pro open gas chambers . 
  but the british are already island germans . 
  perhaps the danish can be frost germans together with sweden and norway ? 
  german humor amirite, 
  snow in general often looks comfy . 
  i do n't think people are asking countries like poland to take endless amounts of immigrants quite yet . 
  i agree with you about the different response part , although i 'm not sure if everything can be solved by just sending in the military , there 's always a ( hopefully very small ) amount of people you truly can not send back , like children . 
  that is something that still needs to be looked at . 
  let 's say he has ... high aspirations . 
  a dumping ground ? 
  please , people are just trying to relieve countries like italy , and places like france have already taken a big amount of people . 
  disregarding the strengthening of outer borders , which i 'm all for , it is not unreasonable to try to share the load . 
  nobody likes this situation after all . 
  together with putin they make a nice case study of people we do n't want making decisions about us . 
  not even just a couple if we also close all outer borders ? 
  so cold . 
  so cool oceanic climates are just not a thing , or is that only canada ? 
  if they ever actually manage to do that i 'll be the first one to desecrate as much as possible . 
  freedom of thought and religion is a precious thing . 
  if we scrap that we wo n't be a liberal democracy anymore . 
  however , you are of course free to criticize things like islam as much as you want . 
  i hope that 's still good enough . 
  a pretty high quality shitpost , but it might be a more fitting thing for / r/yurop ? 
  the burden of a higher standard , or having a standard in the first place i suppose ... 
  and then some ngo 's turn around and call europe evil for not allowing enough migrants . 
  they really seem to want the whole eu to disintegrate . 
  that may very well be the case , but `` literally inviting '' kinda implies someoneone actually sending an invitation instead of just creating certain circumstances . 
  she was n't literally inviting people though . 
  or the dutch , or the french , or slovenia , or ... at least we can rule out belgium and germany and the like . 
  that is fanfic i do not need to see . 
  that 's what happens when you start using political teems internationally . 
  they were already vague , but trying to fuse all the meanings together makes it even worse . 
  just look at it 's use in the place of progressivism/conservatism , or liberalism/authoritarianism . 
  i think that is his/her point . 
   what is sad is that every country seems to need to experience their own tragedies first hand before they are capable of even remote nuanced discussion . 
  good point . 
  i think people are afraid that starting a discussion might be a slippery slope , or they are just reeeaaally individualist . 
  i mean , i also remember the 90 's , but i was 7 when 9/11 happened . 
  from what i 've understood that was one of the major turning points , and someone below 7 does n't exactly follow all societal happenings . 
  i do agree that rose-tinted glasses make it harder to look at the differences though . 
  if you post pepe memes on facebook you deserve to be imprisoned to be honest . 
  ah yes , it is interesting to see the difference in tone of the immigration/multiculturalism debate in the netherlands over the years . 
  personally i 'm too young to remember any politics from that time , but fragments from around the early 2000s show wilders being milder than all parties except d66 and groenlinks are now . 
  i get that , but there 's already troves of evidence . 
  this is just another grain of sand to add onto the mountain of other stories we 've already had . 
  with that last part , would you say it 's an indication of distrust between the different groups of people . 
  i suppose it 's kinda cross , but yes , why is this news ? 
  that there are russian soldiers in ukraine ? 
  as far as i know everyone but russia and their bffs know this already . 
  saladman perhaps ? 
  amazing . 
  i do n't know if it 's a whimper , some of their actions can be best described as autistic screeching . 
  probably because they decided those parts are stupid/behind the times . 
  my religious mom always explains it as them being rules for a more primitive society . 
  i do n't see why this should be an unpopular opinion ... 
  well , that 's the most asinine thing i 've read today . 
  thanks for that . 
  one thing is n't very much though . 
  nono , i believe it 's another word for throwing a punch . 
  you mean just like turkey was considered to be an example of a good me country ? 
  good times , good times ... 
  the / r/atheism and neckbeard memes in general are really getting stale by now . 
  to be honest the subject of evolution almost seems to be the smallest problem . 
  i 'm more concerned about the increased studying of religion and the `` greater emphasis on muslim and turkish scientists . '', 
  religion can be a crazy drug . 
  i have to say , the dutch one looks pretty damn sweet . 
  somehow i doubt that guy even believes himself . 
  i 'm going on holiday to krakow this summer , ca n't wait to see this !, 
  but surely just considering it a terrorist attack is n't confirmation then either ? 
  you 'd need to have a court to truly confirm that . 
  oh please , i 'm not doing anything regarding agenda pushing . 
  it 's just that multiple places were already quoting him shouting that stuff . 
  i agree with you that something like that is n't `` confirmation '' yet , but at that point it 's semantics . 
  it 's not like the government has had time to research him . 
  i can appreciate your point in general , assumptions can make a fool of all of us , but it 's not like we 've gotten any more confirmation in the mean time . 
  the government does n't call it a terror attack , it just `` treats it as a terrorist attack . '', 
  in that case it could as well be an arabic satanist referring to his god . . 
  i do n't think populism is the answer , but besides that , if you compare parties ' positions with the ones even just 10 years ago they changed a lot . 
  for example , the policies regarding immigration of most parties in the netherlands are the same as those of the pvv 15 years ago , when they were still taboo . 
  in short : voting for the same politicians can still lead to different results . 
  as is tradition . 
  i mean , that 's why they 're known as bloodthirsty barbarians right ? 
  i 'm quite sure it was an gradual evolution of ideas to which several countries contributed . 
  while i agree with the general sentiment of this comment and others , it is important to remember that the dutch voting system works differenty than for example the british . 
  the only chance of someone ever gaining anything close to a majority is if all the other parties are led by clones of hitler . 
  i 'd say the worse thing for the pvv is that a lot of anti-pvv parties ( eg almost all others ) got a lot of votes . 
  give him some credit man , he 's a kekistani crusader . 
  while i can agree that more acknowledgement is needed , i 'm not sure if i agree with your statement about people only promoting the good things . 
  i 'm not sure about the other countries , but an old prime minister tried to use the voc as a positive example , something like 10 ( ? ), 
  years ago , and we still shitpost about it . 
  i think people prefer to not talk about it in general , rather than boasting about the positives . 
  or istanboys ? 
  depends on the politician .
