  but i do n't see any rampant hate really . 
  while there is a bit of a circlejerk , the anti-continental europe and anti-every country circlejerk seems to be just as big . 
  times change , sometimes quickly . 
  yes , please send all your pretty people . 
  full capital snow even ? 
  more like bri'in is the new ` murikuh , half of yurop , and many ( ? ), 
  other countries . 
  i believe red , white , and blue is the most common tricolor combination , which makes her comment even more meaningless . 
  the article talks about atonement and degermanisation . 
  both of these seem like obscene guilt-tripping to me . 
  why would you throw yourself in the dustbin ? 
  the article also mentions a work about hitler at some point . 
  i always thought that the lesson of nazi-germany was n't that germany has an intrinsic tendency to fall into nazism , but that people have an intrinsic tendency to fall into nazism . 
  that 's cheating !, 
  the wetness is simply contained by the silica . 
  tbf , looking at wilder 's history in government , i think he prefers it that way . 
  i can imagine it gets pretty hot during summer . 
  i do n't envy you . 
  am europhile . 
  upvoted . 
  checkmate, 
  i agree . 
  i 'd like continental europe to stay stable thank you very much . 
   circumference you mean circumcision ? 
   blasphemy baby you know it . 
  eh , i 've seen worse . 
  oh really ? 
  interesting . 
  thanks for the info , i did n't know that . 
  sounds like a great horror movie . 
  the human body is truly one of the scariest things in the world . 
  my guilty pleasure is shitposting on 4chan , you should see the opinions there . 
  you 'd think that putin is the second coming of christ . 
  even worse in my opinion . 
  did we even have anything else than afro ... europeans at that point ? 
  right ? 
  i 'm proud of them . 
  it 's been that way for months already i 'm afraid . 
  maybe they mean it as a compliment . 
  i 've always had the idea that this is the reason why they choose suicide attacks , to escape the wrath from the victims . 
  as an added bonus it also prevents the attacker from talking . 
  you know what they say : suicide is the coward 's way out . 
  feels bretty good . 
  we can do whatever we want while germany gets all the flak . 
  more importantly , would you agree that the netherlands is # 1 in hardlineniness compared to finland ? 
  i might be wrong , but did n't the nazis use this as a propaganda point as well ? 
  `` everyone else does it , so why not us too ? '', 
  such a french title . 
  bad roads . 
  how dare u. 
  ^ ^ ^ you 're ^ ^ ^ probably ^ ^ ^ right ^ ^ ^ tho . 
  this is not good . 
  i do n't want to see you sad with the final result :(, 
  if these allegations are true the man needs to go to jail for an * extremely * long time . 
  such a huge amount of suffering . . 
  but other places show st. nick as well . 
  furthermore , while it 's done in some families , giving gifts at christmas does n't really happen here . 
  either the netherlands ( and probably other countries as well ) should be given a color that represents `` does not celebrate christmas with gifts '' or the title of the post should be changed to `` midwinter holidays with gifts . '', 
   the netherlands  kerstman time for me to switch to maximum overtrigger . 
  what would the uk even do with a sun ? 
  besides the newspaper i suppose . 
  yeah i get that . 
  i also sense that pride you talk of . 
  i just wished i 'd be able to understand the mainstream subreddits when any measurement systems are involved . 
  almost the whole planet is metric . 
  it 's just very annoying that the us is n't . 
  it would be amazing if all the international sites ( like reddit ) turned metric . 
  turkey just ca n't catch a break huh ? 
  no offense uk ( well , maybe some offense ) but your news media almost gives me an aneurysm . 
  yeah that 's pretty clear , look at the age of his account . 
   in fact even more of one . 
  i beg you pardon ? 
  i do n't have any statistics , but i do have some turkish friends . 
  afaik they all only/mainly watch turkish news , then again , at least one is a big erdogan fan , so he might be an exception . 
  i see , thanks . 
  where i live the swimming lessons at school are more like 6-8 i think , although many people get it earlier . 
  does this happen in germany as well ? 
  what ages are those classes at ? 
  if the strength disparity is already there it must be pretty late , no ? 
  it 's those damn finns again , sauna !, 
  surely you mean the 13th dutch province , our colors are even in the correct order . 
  op is probably estonian , i hear they talk into nordic . 
  somehow i did n't expect either of those countries to be that late . 
  there always have to be some outliers i suppose . 
  you could even bring it down to 1915-1925 for a lot of countries , no ? 
  it depends on how you define popular i guess , but i 've seen it multiple times . 
  i think it 's popular on 4chan and other redpill places as well . 
  adorable right ? 
   they also spent their childhoods learning about how many times the continent has tried to fuck them . 
  oh please , like the uk did n't try to fuck over the continent as well . 
  the uk is n't some innocent victim , nor is anybody . 
  i heard that belgium is giving us some clay , so that might be the start of something . 
  we 'll get you next time . 
  was n't the idea that most of them would return after the war is over ? 
  the gender balance would become kinda lopsided otherwise . 
  it 's not that creative imo , shall we settle on 4/10 ? 
  nederland relevant !, 
  what really ? 
  what an amazing person . 
  it 's the art of saying nothing with many words .
