you have to admit it causes some of the best flame wars in youtube comment history though ( coming from both sides ) . 
  it is a very fancy bike though , that should account for something . 
  good points , i agree . 
  i wonder what could be done to change it though , that 's always a problem . 
  to add to what the others are saying about this : you 'll probably never hear about this because it 's been our international strategy since roughly the 16th century . 
  while the european leaders are indeed slow with just about anything , do you think just blitzing right in is the best way to act ? 
  i mean , we do n't even have all facts yet , and attacking russia could cause another world war , which could destroy a lot of lives . 
  i agree something needs to be done . 
  but just attacking sounds a bit reckless . 
  we can agree on that one . 
  you always hear the worst of other places , i suppose that 's how the news works . 
  daww , do n't make it sound like europe is a safe haven for racists . 
  the situation might not be ideal here , but it could be way worse . 
  true , i wonder if it makes the problems bigger or smaller , and if it makes the situation easier or harder to solve . 
  it 's almost comforting at this point . 
  you 'll always know he 'll be there complaining about islam in some way , a bit like the sun rising in the morning . 
  it 's verzuiling all over again , eh . 
  that last bit is totally untrue and insulting !, 
  clearly flemish is drunk german . 
  your description is n't that popular here because all humans are supposed to be born equal , and this promotes segregation ( not saying i agree or disagree with that statement . ), 
  nah , it gets used for the whole netherlands , although it would be better if the germans were called dutch and the dutch were called netherlanders . 
  probably invading indonesia ( again ) after wwii , kind of a dick move . 
  so is beta imo . 
  well if you want to go that way it 's better to say that both `` sides '' have been pegging each other and themselves for generations . 
  not that i agree on religion being the one reason that made those countries shit either . 
  i 'll allow it . 
  a new currency for greece !, 
  the yurokappa !, 
  i think it 's less about actually doing it than being able to do it . 
  the idea is that if you stifle stuff like that because you dislike it you 're getting close to silencing criticism against you in general . 
  so that is almost the same as in the article right ? 
  the only difference seems to be that according to the article putin said there was `` nothing wrong '' with it , in stead of defending parts of it . 
  you silly europeans wo n't ever have true freedom ( of speech ) like the usa . 
  that 's what happens when you do n't have free fishcare !, 
  eh , it 's pretty true irl as well . 
  in my opinion on top of this we should put warning lables on all packages of americans . 
  maybe even a scary picture of a redneck with an assault rifle or something . 
  nothing puberty ( and divine intervention ) ca n't fix . 
  ca n't jews sometimes be considered a race ? 
  now now , just because a man loves goats does n't make him a stereotype . 
  and they just about lost their nazi-meme status !, 
  too bad . 
  great , more too big to fail bullshit . 
  their government is still on bitch duty ? 
  does n't she want a war with everything ? 
  hello my honey, 
  then it 's good to be the king , the country in question can always deny everything coming in of course . 
  it 's clearly bait . 
  low quality maybe , but bait nonetheless . 
  now you 're just being silly . 
  fair enough, 
  funny , the dutch word for it is basically the same . 
  the netherlands already calls it czechia , so it should n't be a problem , right ? 
  at 60 fps at least !, 
  the comment was meant to reflect a common sentiment of people . 
  i just forgot to manage that . 
  if you want a downside , people often mention netto eu funds going into/out of a country . 
  i have n't researched this , so i ca n't really comment on this . 
   the uk has always been eurosceptic . 
  to be fair , a lot of countries have always been eurosceptic , at least in western europe . 
  it 's been a pretty divisive topic . 
   blaming easterners for the brexit is the height of idiocy . 
  from what i 've seen people in the uk like blaming easterners enough already , so i do n't think i 'm needed there . 
   but i hope you come clean with the fact that you ca n't and stop being lazy and irresponsible . 
  you got me there , but lying in bed and browsing reddit is just so relaxing sometimes . 
  hey , i never said that i/we 'd be better off without the eu ( i assume you missed the ` out ' in ` without ' there ) . 
  i was trying to convey the general sentiment of some people in my second comment , regardless of my own opinion . 
  i suppose i could 've been clearer about that . 
  agreed . 
  i think that might be pretty soon even . 
  true , but they partly have those downsides because other , poorer countries joined . 
  i agree . 
  to me it feels like the eu expanded too quickly for it 's own good . 
  there are too many countries to make it run smoothly . 
  yeah i only knew that he wrote colums , but i did n't know the subject . 
  shame on me , i guess . 
  can confirm , song is stuck in my head at this very moment . 
  yeah i was surprised as well to read that name . 
  i did n't know he is a political columnist . 
  would n't you say that one kind of implies the other ? 
  bitch mode : activated, 
  there are probably different varieties . 
  i know 4chan has a lot of people like i described . 
  do n't they usually see themselves as beta , which makes them want state distributed waifus ? 
  a big one at that , holy shit, 
  it sucks , as one of the first red-white-blue countries , that everyone else has it now too . 
  it almost makes me switch to orange-white-light blue , or a different pattern or something . 
  not - serious-edit : now that i think about it , the eu should adopt a red-white-blue flag . 
  a significant portion of the nations has it in their flag anyway . 
  you have the whole pan-slavic thing , the uk , france , the netherlands , etc etc. 
  u wot ? 
  yuo of worst german !!, 
  west germany of rightful dutch clay !, 
  thanks for sharing the link . 
  good to see that there 's a survey . 
  yup , the system seems to be working , at least partially . 
  :o we beat finland ? 
  do you mean comedians or just comics ? 
  who would ever call that racism ? 
  even if anyone would , i 'd just laugh at them .
