   but it did n't work in the end . 
  because other oligarchs stepped up . 
  trump had his own oligarch support not to mention he * is * an oligarch . 
  it 's totally incomprehensible from him , almost like mindless rambling turning into policy, 
  heh , got ta season them right, 
  lol they do n't confuse my dog , she loved them !, 
   it is expensive to register a car in denmark , and there are some complicated rules for calculating the cost . 
  the registration tax is calculated as 105 per cent of dkk 79,000 [ $ 10,628 ] and 180 per cent of the rest [ of the price of the car ] . 
  wow , that is pricey . 
   my solution would be first to prohibit diesel cars older than 20 years old from driving in the city and then every year move the age up by 2 years . 
  yes , this would be a good first step imo, 
  that 's an unfortunate failure by the left to really address both the existence of a problem and also propose a solution . 
  i suppose our illegal immigration issues are similar but if this election was any indication the left will only continue to deny that a problem exists when people who are confronted every day by say , an illegal immigrant driver who does n't have car insurance or see the insular nature of these communities . 
  baffling even to me , the young people here came out for sanders in droves . 
  perhaps it 's just anti-establishment , but there was a hard core appeal to millenials through policy . 
  i 'd say our youth are majority left tbh . 
  and then they demanded special treatment all the while . 
  the parallels with the democrats and clinton are amazing ... people like schumer and pelosi have destroyed any chance of real left policies happening . 
  they 'll be a `` token '' opposition to trump imo . 
  some people argue that yes . 
  i would argue it 's undemocratic , but not necessarily authoritarian, 
  and james murdoch , and the fact that 21 century fox might buy sky . 
  well , with the snoopers ' charter ... 
  holy shit , i need to go there some day, 
  the dry conditions are also helpful for stopping the degradation of the roads , less rain & cold to cause potholes like the beautiful ones we have all over michigan :d, 
  lol sorry , this was the first i 'd ever seen it so i figured i 'd post it, 
  the doge had a parcel service , the predecessor of today 's fedex, 
  that was just a semi-final though ? 
  edit : oh , that game, 
  holy shit that 's nuts !, 
  * applause *, 
   if they 're like most other far right parties , they probably pretend to be in favour of the welfare state to get the votes of the working class , but vote against their interests once in power . 
  a simple , perfect sentence to describe them . 
   someone who does n't even exist lmao that 's terrible, 
  are you sure you 're not english ? 
   france has no lowest point when a certain bald man headbutted a fiery italian after jokes about his mother, 
  that is literally what happened with the latest story on the `` secret cia report '', 
  there you have it . 
  and how the hell did the sdz get away with it ? 
  follow the history of the development of this term and you 'll find that while yes , there are `` fake news '' outlets that really exist , the media that is crying `` fake ! '', 
  are just as guilty of lying and spinning facts to fit their narrative . 
  watch any number of youtube clips of cnn 's use of green screens . 
   the media 's credibility is not dead , that 's a meme spread by people who want to be able to lie to you . 
  nonsense . 
  i 've studied mainstream media for years and in this election season they 've been heavily compromised . 
  i literally watched cnn report falsehoods during the charlotte , nc shooting incident and listened to them stir up a narrative that incited violence . 
  i do n't really see a substantial `` beauty '' difference lol, 
  that 's what scares me so much personally about these russia stories , we have politicians crying wolf continuously about this `` election interference '' because they ca n't criticize clinton for being a shitty candidate . 
  then when we have a real threat like something happening in the baltics it will fall on indifferent ears . 
   just remember that mainstream media is not fake news , but everything with an opposing point of view is . 
  there is a reason all of the big media outlets are spewing this talking point in unison . 
  exactly , you have to be very good at deciphering the spin but sometimes one just does n't have the right information . 
  media outlets , however , are using the first example you cited on way too many important stories lately . 
  yes , very frustrating to read the stuff on russian `` interference '' in the election and the media stories go like this : wapo reports using anonymous cia source -  nyt reports that wapo reported it -  all other media reports the story using these 2 as sources it 's not informative at all . 
   consider the following situation : i wish to make up some bs story and present it as news . 
  however , i wo n't actually claim that the bs story is legit and happened , but instead i will simply claim that i have an anonymous source ( who of course does n't exist ) who is reporting whatever i want to make up . 
  whether i am lying or not will never be established , unless i am forced to reveal who my source is . 
  however , forcing media organisations to reveal their sources might get a bit problematic . 
  what is so bad is that this is literally happening already by the largest media outlets . 
   normalization of propaganda a problem is the people saying propaganda is a threat are the ones whose power is threatened by this `` fake news '' trend . 
  * and who also control the levers of their own propaganda outlets . 
  * they 're the ones who almost in unison came up with this term and started pushing it . 
  but the * corporate * media 's credibility is dead and not coming back . 
  edited for clarity, 
  guess it comes down to preference ... this is amazing to me . 
   people with no money this * may * be true in some cases , but they usually need to pay somehow to the traffickers that get them across and sometimes it comes in the form of payment after they reach the us . 
  totally different situation than poor people migrating inside the us . 
  sounds about right, 
  i think google 's plan to demonetize the domains is the right step , they found these faux sites registered by macedonians or whatever and blocked the ad revenue . 
  but yet nothing is quite that `` black and white '' , there is a lot of gray area and `` technically true/technically false '' to the news this stuff often pertains to . 
  i was going to say , `` is n't that censorship ?! '', 
  but then realized the speech protections are smaller in europe . 
  uh , no . 
  but am i a politician ? 
   less inequality , better safety nets bingo . 
   the white people are what 's called scots-irish who have a violent , honor based culture they 're not all scots-irish these days but the culture of violence still partly remains . 
   in many cases it may be simply impossible to move . 
  exactly . 
  people are poor so they may or may not even have a car , have no knowledge of how to get a job in a city etc. , little marketable skills , etc. 
   welfare and despair has disincentivised migration to seek other work this is just wrong , these people have no economic way to leave and family ties keep them there as well . 
  probably the countryside since most of the wealth is concentrated in the capitals in those countries , also skewed data possible due to low population . 
  if you ever look at google maps of quebec , notice something interesting in the cities : everyone has a pool in their backyard . 
  i fact-checked that with fox news and they said never !, 
  lalalalala i ca n't hear you . 
  really though idgaf i also do n't own any guns . 
  portugal would be ideal then , in far better shape than greece but could still use the boost . 
  awesome post . 
  as a cooking enthusiast i love the idea that there was a debate over butter and oil and when to use what . 
  would be good for energy efficiency if they put it somewhere with a lot of sun , so pt would make some decent sense . 
  you have a pretty good thing going , this eu . 
  dad ? 
  you 're not from france !, 
  oh wait , alsace is part of france now, 
  unsurprising that french culture would be different than israel, 
  they 've taken a reprehensible position out of ` self-interest ' and now that so many oppose them and it 's clear they have no moral position they have no choice but to double down and demand loyalty from their allies since they feel threatened . 
  `` patriotism is the last refuge of a scoundrel '', 
  i think that 's a perception issue really , whether it 's factual is for some debate . 
  honestly , talk about a dead horse, 
  alex , i 'll take `` things that do n't surprise me '' for 1000 . 
  what is crazy is that i actually know of standard li\u00e8ge and this is the first i 'm learning anything about the town lol,
