  only reason i know that town is because of the eredivisie lol, 
  reminds me of this quote : `` we english are good at forgiving our enemies ; it releases us from the obligation of liking our friends '', 
  i 'm convinced this is why the reddit mobile app exists, 
  makes sense for anywhere on or south of the danube , that was the roman border . 
  til the french are masters of passive-aggressiveness, 
  wow look at that , the comparison between russia & the rest of the zone . 
  seattle, 
  i believe someone did research on the huge number of places in the us that are derivatives of native american words & names and some of them are pretty wild due to the way na languages are structured , check it out sometime . 
  nerding out over this right now , ~ ~ whoever did this did a great job ~ ~ nice job op . 
  i suspect if you did this of most countries there would be some really interesting ones . 
  spot on . 
  i 'm sure . 
  i wonder if it would lower the individual military burdens of each of the states if the eu was to consolidate armies . 
   if the nordic countries ( norden ) was one single country they would be completely self-sufficient in everything that would be * really * interesting . 
  them + the baltics would be a powerhouse . 
   most voters do n't know shit about economics . 
  at best they have a poor understanding of basic concepts like me , but that 's pretty much it . 
  but they will talk endlessly about societal topics like religion or security . 
  quite right . 
  it seemed like brexit had a ton to do with the refugee crisis and us politics has been dividing people on social issues for years . 
   ca n't barrage the farage, 
  anschluss was about the annexation of austria to germany ... or gijon in 1982 ... 
  ahhh right . 
  i had n't considered the actual age of the people . 
  i remember this now that this was part of the de-baathification consequences . 
  however it 's somewhat confusing then . 
  so russia and the us have contacts inside isis ? 
  looks like i 'll have to start reading this regularly ... 
  well , they 're funded by saudi arabia & qatar and given weapons we sold those countries so ... . i 'm gon na guess one of them ? 
  love this discussion . 
  i think what you 're saying is spot on . 
  someone understands it . 
  that person being you . 
  so this could be speculation , but based on what i 've read it seems like this : germany , being a confederation of the various landers and city-states pre-unification , distributed resources among its own provinces very well and even without concentrated effort by the central government . 
  this obviously comes from the fact that while they were fragmented , they developed multiple centers of production as their own independent provinces . 
  also they were not only part of the north sea trade routes , but the baltic ones as well meaning they could trade easily with highly-developed britain and even the usa . 
  conversely , austria-hungary was in the mediterranean and suffered the constant threat of ottoman invasion ( unlike germany ) . 
  with a centralized imperial system and the various regional governorships they operated in a more concentrated fashion where resources were distributed back to the largest trade centers in vienna , budapest , zagreb , etc. 
  there was trade in the adriatic , but it was with an entirely different set of states than germany had access to ( and hamburg was huge for trade at this time too ) . 
  and considering the ottoman empire was in a state of economic decay for multiple centuries coinciding with the rise of germany & austria-hungary plus the barbary states rising towards the end of it means the easiest-available trade partners were of a vastly different development level than britain/france/america . 
  but this is just a perspective from what i 've learned over the years by various means . 
  i watched them frisk an old woman at the airport after the full body scan , all i could think was , wtf is this what you 're spending my tax money on ? 
  yeah the bbc documentary i posted showed some photos & video of it i believe , looked like a pretty nice town . 
  sounds like something that would `` randomly '' happen at a us airport . 
  stop the woman as an excuse to say that they do n't profile . 
  angry letters and god forbid , sanctions are thankfully the norm these days . 
  yeah i 'm thankful that issue has been raised now , i for one never even considered it . 
  while the media has not admitted that their polling methodologies were flawed , i 've heard some people support banning polls inside 2-3 weeks of the election . 
  and it 's obvious why : syria . 
  yeah it 's naive to think otherwise , but on the flip side , it 's also naive to think saudi did n't either given that their bff diplomat was a candidate . 
  great bbc documentary [ here ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=m_pzsfxbyaw ) if you have never seen it . 
  do we really need to start this instead of simply recognizing the tragedy ? 
  yeah essentially . 
  during the imperial periods the capitals were always where most of the resources were focused , and taken from the countryside to be sent to the metropole . 
  and this continued during the `` communist '' regimes when power was focused in the capital . 
  you see this type of trend in latin america as well . 
  what the fuck , 2016 . 
  heheh , i think i `` gott '' it , or something of that nature ? 
  and that should . 
  sarkozy is too much of a risk against le pen , guarantee the right would turn out in that instance . 
  not only that , everything else surrounding libya is just a giant clusterfuck not even including the benghazi attack . 
  arms deals , etc. 
  do n't trust polls . 
  yeah the purge showed that much . 
  just a simple change of civics . 
  yeah that 's what i take from it . 
  the bailout deal is just utterly ridiculous to prop up that government and only further hinders their economy by forcing austerity . 
  i think it 's here already . 
  you 're using the fact that i follow a thought-provoking conspiracy theory with documented ties to the clinton campaign and department of justice to discredit me ? 
  also , i 'm lamenting the fact that we backed out of icc because it 's a travesty , not to stir up anti-americanism . 
  there 's already plenty of that around the world . 
  what 's your point ? 
  i 'm honestly shocked by that . 
  i get the whole `` eastern europe '' thing , but bratislava , that surprises me . 
  is that because of the elevation ? 
  but they could hide a bomb in their trial size shampoo bottle !, 
  our department of `` homeland security '' and transportation `` security '' administration are both a complete disgrace . 
  quotations because the nsa & cia do the bulk of the work and no one here is really sure what either of these agencies do besides waste our time at airports . 
  well , yeah , but they 'll never admit that . 
  you do have the guys in wigs so ... 
  do you want viking raids ? 
  because that 's how you get viking raids . 
  well i mentioned iraq & afghanistan , those are a given by this point lol . 
  ah , you 've figured out how * our * government works . 
  that 'll never happen , since rule of law is dead in our own country in the first place . 
  the constitution is absolutely dead . 
  malaysia actually held a pseudo-trial and convicted them of war crimes lol, 
  oh it 's not just in iraq and afghanistan that we 're guilty of war crimes . 
  president obama , secretary clinton , secretary kerry , they all should face charges in my opinion . 
  haha joke 's on you we did it first !, 
  or `` to '' and `` too '' . 
  no , this is sparta . 
  stop with the ad hominems . 
  uh , there is n't . 
  do you know anything about us politics ? 
  the pentagon lost $ 9 trillion dollars, 
  right inflation has been low but part of that has been due to the methodology that was used by the cbs . 
  qe on its own is about bank stimulus & interest rates which is like trickle-down . 
  people have been hoping that borrowing would increase and lead to job creation , and opponents have been saying it would lead to inflation but : the money is just not making it into the money supply to cause inflation , it 's being passed around through financial engineering , capital mobility , or just simply held as cash . 
  look at huge ma deals like dow/dupont & abc/timewarner , those happen because debt is so immensely cheap & free cash was being handed out .
