you get your logic out of here buddy . 
  civics and knowledge of global politics are not a strong point for many americans ... hence why there are `` protests '' right now but they are a relatively isolated event and nothing the scale of south korea 's . 
  https://i.redd.it/k81b3wmqq7xx.jpg lmao , yep it 's spreading . 
  it 's the free advertising the campaign took full advantage of . 
  that `` deplorables '' tweet with pepe in there was a brilliant move . 
  also it 's more or less obvious that they were checking / r/the _ donald whereas hillary 's social media effort was utterly incompetent ( cf. 
  the pepe `` explainer '' ) and downright antagonistic through ctr which basically destroyed / r/politics and alienated a lot of people . 
  / r/sandersforpresident closing thanks to ctr really pissed some people off . 
  i 'd be in the_donald and there would always be names i recognized as sanders supporters . 
  so how does that work , are they all toll roads ? 
  you all see why trump won in the us it seems . 
  hard to predict what could happen with the peso . 
  there are definitely flaws with nafta as there were with tpp ( which i strongly opposed ) so a re-negotiation could go a number of ways . 
  having spoken with a friend who works in finance , he assures me the post-results moves have a lot to do with pre-election bets being resolved such as in the gun stocks . 
  you would not believe how insanely people here are reacting . 
  the democratic party is blaming everyone but themselves for losing when the blame lies solely with their own insular and incompetent people . 
  meanwhile people are taking to the streets while there are allegations that some protesters are paid and my social media is an absolute warzone due to the extreme positions most discourse has taken . 
  i supported sanders over clinton and then voted 3rd party yet i 100 % understand why people have voted for this disaster to happen since my own mother voted for trump . 
  right but canada would be forced to obey the tpp and ceta at the same time , what happens if they conflict ? 
  but what happens when canada gets in tpp ? 
  ah ok this is not exactly what i suspected but close . 
  thanks . 
  this is my view . 
  tariffs are already low with canada and economic cooperation is high , why does there need to be a trade agreement ? 
  in my view it 's because there is something else going on in the regulations that can only damage the eu institutions . 
  american here who has first heard of this now : what 's the point of this if ttip/tisa is supposed to be signed and canada is a signatory ? 
  seems like a cool , very historic place . 
  shame that they 've basically been so unfortunate throughout history to be carved up for no odd reason so many times . 
  are you jealous of their potassium ? 
   robert lewandowski yes, 
  how could you want portugal out ?!, 
  you do n't want visa-free travel to the algarve ? 
  obligatory mention of sienkiewicz 's trilogy about the deluge period, 
   i find alarming that certain breitbart 's bannon is now in the us national security council . 
  this will be a test for the usgop to see whether they are willing to risk the utter ruin of us foreign policy just so they can implement their donors ' agenda and follow their own murdoch & bannon talking points . 
  why am i not surprised . 
  i wonder how much they paid off farage . 
  well no shit , russia does n't have anything going for it so it has to disrupt the rest of the world, 
  greeks do n't have much left , they ca n't let their memes only be dreams, 
  we must go deeper, 
  i know i would hate scotland 's winter weather but edinburgh really would be at the top of my list if i ever moved to the uk, 
  ginger ale , a good one like reed 's not some canada dry corn syrup nonsense . 
  what in the fuck, 
  [ this one ] ( http://www.betootaadvocate.com/sports/muslim-man-dabs-after-massacring-11-pakistanis-on-live-television/ ) from australia is my favorite of the year, 
  it is totally nonsensical, 
  in 98ad trajanus succeeded nerva to become roman emperor !, 
  i 'm very ignorant of how the dutch bible belt goes , but would they be the risk population ? 
  to me , it 's more like `` the same organizations are lobbying the tories and gop , and now they 're both in power '', 
  just need to stall them now until something can be implemented . 
   our governing party is trying to portray itself as a milder version of wilders to pilfer votes and i hate it . 
  if this works out poorly , you could end up with wilders just like the democrats here chose that strategy and we ended up with trump . 
  edit : i 'll add that what i 'm talking about is the explicit strategy the dnc pursued as outlined by chuck schumer was to court suburban republican votes instead of white working-class votes . 
  he saw it as `` for every 1 white working class , we pick up 2-3 suburb gop '', 
  yes and yes . 
  targeted propaganda campaigns are very powerful . 
  god willing . 
  i worked in retail in a suburb of my city for 4 years and nothing surprises me any more . 
   later this technique backfired as the knights simply jumped into the castle and ~ ~ died ~ ~ went missing for hours , only to return at the call of ice cream ftfy, 
  yeah i think the most important thing is to make sure that whether it 's between smes and smes or smes and big business that the regulatory playing field is even and there is an appropriate level of competition . 
  i think we 're moving away from that tbf , at least among middle - and upper-middle classes, 
  bahahaha this post flair . 
  amazing , i 'm so glad i found this sub . 
  * rabble rabble rabble * let 's see how you like a tariff on olive imports !, 
  one thing i would like to note about this is that the us intel report says virtually no specifics about how they determined russia is behind the campaigns and the nearly unanimous repetition of it by our media is very suspicious to me . 
  phoenix in the middle of tunisia ... lol same climate, 
  i mean , tbf seems like a pretty sweet place . 
  probably hyperbole ? 
  the anti-trump would be merkel imo edit : i mean on policy positions like immigration, 
  i know what you 're saying but what you really meant to say ( i hope ) is that * we * need to be engaging * our * propaganda machine towards them . 
  macron is their biggest threat . 
  precisely . 
  it 's a huge machine that integrates across many platforms . 
  the us dems tried to engage one over the election in support of clinton but their `` fall in line '' strategy and messaging were a complete joke and they 've ruined at least one subreddit on this site . 
  going to be following this eagerly , as i 'm learning more about this it 's very interesting to hear what the talking points will be . 
   freedom won yay !, 
   that said , independence and sovereignty are two different things . 
  in concept yeah , their silly murdoch talking points would have you think that the eu was some awful empire oppressing them . 
  just from my perspective , would n't it be a good idea to try to improve the productivity of smes ? 
  in my view there 's a good end and a bad end , it can go either way . 
  poland has a lot of room to develop still so immigrants do n't necessarily cause a job shortage , while the situation might be totally different in say , france where the economy does not have that same development room . 
  people seem to forget that migrants can also create their own businesses , which enhances that effect you just said because then * they * employ people and generate economic activity . 
  it 's far too easy to think of it as a zero-sum game but that 's how people view it here , since many are fighting over low wage service while our infrastructure is crumbling, 
  what 's so insane about that is it was in the middle of that huge real estate bubble, 
  you would not believe how much the talking points are repeated here like gospel and taken as evidence that `` the economy is great ^ tm '' as if labor force participation does n't matter and the fact that many jobs are part-time or low wages does n't matter, 
  delayed reaction * triggered *, 
  haha haha hah ha ... ( feels depressed ), 
  \u00a1 i 'll take some shakira law !, 
   3 ) 50 % labor participation on company boards , etc. 
  this is so politically impossible in the united states just the thought of this makes me laugh, 
  they do n't understand the concept of the petrodollar . 
  not even the national review people will touch this presidency , it 's that bad . 
  the soros maneuver, 
  he did say they have the highest iq of any cabinet . 
  however , what was proved was that they have the highest net worth . 
  basically . 
  because that 's the level of understanding the public has here unless you 're trained in it . 
  most people have no idea what `` free trade agreements '' means these days . 
  you 're forgetting something : the us left is center-right by eu standards . 
  you mean ( in trump-speak ) poser erdogan, 
  people in the us are rabid for british shows lol,
