  the us really needs to take responsibility since we started this mess ( thanks hillary ! ), 
  and straight up import large numbers of these refugees , the problem is it 's politically unfeasible because so many people have concerns over security . 
  yep . 
  massive stimulus is a tough sell even to economists who could say the economic impact will outweigh inflationary or monetary problems associated with it . 
  and also that 's not what lobbyists are paying for when they lobby these politicians ( especially here ) . 
  with trump 's win , the democratic party officials are immediately embarking on massive change which at least at face value shows their willingness to realize that the real leadership of the party needs to be the progressives sanders & warren who are immensely popular . 
  2018 midterms are going to be an extremely important election for the future of the left in the us . 
  the sad part is this is right . 
  i think clinton would have been absolutely terrible for the country but there 's no question trump will be as well because he has a full gop congress . 
  yes can confirm , i am literally michael jordan . 
  hahah , they 'll cut social services to nothing long before they decrease military spending when in reality it should be the opposite . 
  but they 're bought and paid for by the defense lobby . 
  zero interest rate policy & quantitative easing are two ways central banks can try to intervene in the economy but they are fundamentally flawed methods because they focus too much on the money supply and are basically trickle-down economics which does not spur growth nearly as much as direct stimulus . 
  this is spot on . 
  legal immigrants feel cheated by the fact that illegals are here without following the due process that they did . 
  do italians support this or are against it ? 
  sounds like us this administration : republicans do n't want to pass a single thing obama supports ( except for congressional pay raises ) so he has to do everything by executive action and it 's caused a huge controversy over executive overreach . 
  yeah helps his propaganda at home . 
  no need to beat us , just 5-10 % of the money we spend could be repurposed for other things in the economy and have thousands of times the benefit that it has being spent on the military . 
  yet both our choices in this election were for 2 parties that both would increase spending by various means . 
  this is cool !, 
  hoping to visit the country sometime and where my ancestors came from . 
  [ you 'll get modernity and you 'll like it !, 
  ] ( https://thumbs.trulia-cdn.com/pictures/thumbs_6/ps.80/1/5/9/e/picture-uh=fcb07abc99553043c85bffa888467d1d-ps=159e6912eed9397a91c56b9eab1ed7-5284-n-vancouver-ave-portland-or-97217.jpg ) edit : actually that 's not even that bad, 
  and to think they 're reviving that style for some reason ... lots of high-rises here that are being thrown up in the tech-boom towns like portland are just hideous and they 're demolishing century-old neighborhoods for it . 
  huh , i would have thought bavarians would n't put up with it . 
  speaking from the us , i hope the ecb figures out sooner rather than later that the longer it runs on zirp and qe policy , the longer it will take for the economy to readjust after it 's ended . 
  do n't be like our fed and stretch this out endlessly in the name of numbers which are clearly distorted . 
  i had this discussion with a friend who is an ma student right now in liberal arts ( i 'm going into a business program myself ) and he unflinchingly blamed `` uninformed white people '' for the result . 
  while there is more than a kernel of truth to it , the simple generalization that it was `` white people '' who are responsible for trump is simply factually incorrect ( got 30 % of latino vote ) and fails to hit the real underpinnings of why he won which was his economy-focused message . 
  censorship is n't the solution unfortunately , though i agree that the misinformation campaign was in full swing regarding brexit and it took advantage of a group of people easily swayed by rhetoric pushing simple solutions to very complex issues . 
  the remain campaign on the other hand , had the burden of trying to make people digest massive amounts of the data showing how beneficial eu membership was to the uk . 
  the current dogma that central banks are the primary drivers of the economy is being proven to be counterproductive . 
  all it did here in the united states was act as a huge handout to banks while the employment numbers work themselves out through people leaving the labor force . 
  europe is stuck in the same loop it seems because it ca n't just embark on massive stimulus ( or wo n't ) . 
  is n't the textbook definition of getting out of recession when this growth lasts multiple quarters/years ? 
  so you 're saying it 's like a real elder scrolls world, 
  look at some us college dorms or the ugly high rises going up in portland or or something , has a nice new facade but ultimately looks just as shitty . 
  some shite buildings from a city near mine [ link ] ( http://www.freshwatercleveland.com/galleries/features/2013/november_2013/issue_144/uptown/view_from_euclid_115_bldg_29.jpg ), 
  the habsburgs will rise again !, 
  `` bellends , the lot of them '', 
  she was one of the people who * started * the negotiations as well . 
  yeah i actually agree with this , polluters can reap what they 've sown in my opinion . 
  nationalism is good because it inspires people to get involved in their government & culture , and a certain level of self-interest is what is * required * for economic models to work . 
  the project of the eu should not be `` let 's create a homogenous europe '' but `` the whole is greater than the sum of the parts '' i.e. 
  regionalism as a guide for effective policy . 
  the refugee crisis is the * exact * type of situation where regionalism would help limit the impact of the crisis on everyone but the leadership like merkel seem to be totally incompetent . 
  absolutely right . 
  yeah the levels of development inside the eu are just enormous . 
  that 's why i think any federalist project will have immense difficulty . 
  the zone is in a great position right now just forced into some difficulty due to the refugee crisis and lack of economic growth . 
  europe shares many common interests , and * that 's * the reason why the eurozone is important . 
  not because there needs to be 1 european government , but because cooperation as a * region * is a necessity . 
  just because there appear to be cracks in the model of the eu does not mean it is headed for doom . 
  it simply highlights some incompetent national governments , corrupt national governments , or highlights that the refugees need to be sent back if they do not want to relocate where the eu policy sends them . 
   clinton is hardly the only one to find a way around it . 
  absolutely right . 
  there are even allegations obama took foreign donations in his own campaign . 
  correct . 
  the various pacs such as p-usa , hfa , and all of them all had money shuffling between them in an effort to circumvent the expenditure rules . 
  people are alleging the leaked internal documents are basically showing the clinton foundation was the clintons ' nest-egg of assets that they used for a variety of purposes including campaign funding . 
  there are rules against it , i.e. 
  the fara etc. 
  that 's why people view donations to the clinton foundation as indirect donations to the campaign . 
  that 's at least , what 's being revealed through the leaked internal documents . 
  and there is evidence that foreign donors violated fara in wikileaks , the campaign even discusses that they donated . 
  while i do n't like the idea of foreign donations to our politicians , it is somewhat laughable to hear people accuse trump of russian ties when by all available evidence , clinton not only received funding from saudi arabia & qatar but acted on it and did exactly what they asked for ( syria involvement ) while * in office * . 
  the us population is higher than ever , so this talking point is meaningless . 
  yes this x100 . 
  this country elected barack obama twice because we wanted to see an * end * to military interventions overseas and that was what he promised , but never delivered and actually ( thanks to clinton ) has gotten us involved in more . 
  we 're now bombing 7 countries without any formal declaration of war and the public is starting to wake up about the saudi influence on our foreign policy , thus the democrats were ousted . 
  at least here , people are too quick to accuse anyone who brings these things up as racist or xenophobic and that message * just simply does not * attract voters because people see through it . 
  they personally do n't * hate * muslims but they want strict vetting of refugees given that they are coming from where isis is and they want people that are going to willing integrate in american society . 
  i 'm not even sure they need to talk about class explicitly . 
  we always say here in the us , `` it 's the economy , stupid '' , and talking about economic policies that are concrete and involve tax reform or spending , those ideas get voters . 
  clinton talked a little about economics & spending but had the tpp hanging over her head and while she tried to say she did n't support it , not a single person believed her . 
  chuck schumer one of the high-ranking democrats , said they believed for every white working-class voter that traditionally voted democrat they could get 2-3 republicans in the swing states to vote for hillary by targeting them instead . 
  also , yes it 's quite obvious from the leaked emails that there was far too big of a focus on demographics and it came off as nothing but hypocrisy & corruption . 
  could go down as one of the most corrupt and incompetent campaigns in us history , so there is definitely room to improve . 
  edit : [ source ] ( http://www.nationalreview.com/corner/438481/chuck-schumer-democrats-will-lose-blue-collar-whites-gain-suburbs ), 
  there was a recent article about families leaving the baltics after not liking it ... i thought to myself ... damn i 'd move to riga or helsinki ( and i hate cold weather ) in a second these people are dumb . 
  the situation has changed though . 
  with the possibility of a clinton presidency out , our foreign policy will undoubtedly change . 
  are you aware of the millions of dollars in donations given to the clinton foundation by saudi arabia & qatar and also their public willingness to fund a war to overthrow assad ? 
  well , becoming a tax haven is n't exactly healthy . 
  look at your property market that is absolute poison . 
  yeah you 're getting it , this is n't like 2010 's tea party movement that was funded far more than people remember by the koch brothers . 
  this is just at the presidential level in light of outrage over corruption in washington and specifically in the dnc . 
  many of them do n't see it that way though , because this was specifically to oust the democrats & prevent a `` third-term obama '' but an all-republican congress is unacceptable and there absolutely must be a resurgence by the left in 2018 . 
  so the 25 % sanders voters & all the young people that voted against clinton & her corruption have a good chance of coming back to the left if they find the right person going forward . 
  actually our corporate taxes are higher than europe , it 's just that large multinationals do n't pay and it has a huge burden on everyone else . 
  so cutting taxes is a very quick way to get support because tons of americans feel they pay too much . 
  you mean cleveland , oh ? 
   that you need to accept people with other opinions . 
  ( if people support hitler , they are per definition idiots , we agree 100 % on that . ), 
  but the nationalistic and populist parties gain traction evrytime you censor normal people 's opinion i have tried to explain this to a friend of mine as a contributing factor to trump 's win , that a large number of americans did not agree with some of the discourse around racism ( guilt-tripping ) etc. 
  here and he just would not admit that it was a problem . 
  multiple bubbles going on . 
  the rhetoric is that he would make all the other countries `` pay their fair share '' and none of it would really happen anyway because that 's not at all part of the neocon playbook and that 's who will be behind the scenes . 
   eu is an institution that mostly benefits multinationals that 's not even true though is it ?
