  less urban ? 
  i cheated , grew up in a `` little italy '' - style neighborhood lol ( yet i am not italian ), 
  my kind of town !, 
  well , after all , i believe plenty of spaghetti westerns were shot in italy in basilicata etc. 
  where can we work the romulans into this ? 
  my reaction as well, 
  it 's `` the establishment left '' for the us in a sense , i do n't think they are to the left at all beyond social issues . 
  they are blaming russia for the election loss and people here actually go along with their talking points !, 
   fuck i knew it was a bad idea to not update my phone password !, 
  some guy in sevilla , 1470, 
  well that 's why it 's an insufficient term . 
  `` climate change '' is more accurate . 
  the warming is n't the only thing happening , it has other effects . 
  i have this when i visit washington dc , the humid cold even if it 's only like 5-7c still feels far worse than 0 or below in the midwest ( though we have wind chill ), 
  100 % chance there are . 
  you remember the us rep from oklahoma using a snowball as evidence that warming was a myth because the winter was still cold ? 
  this winter is supposed to be very cold again so i 'm betting we 'll get another great moment from him . 
  basically . 
  i live in detroit and while i 've been to many places around town that i really should n't have gone ( for work etc. 
  ) , there is a whole section of town that most people literally will never go , so it 's like you said a `` parallel society '' . 
  exactly . 
  should go without saying that no matter the ethnic/religious/whatever group , segregation is as a whole , detrimental to society . 
  i live in one of the most segregated cities in the us ( detroit ) and it is ( i would argue ) a major reason for the city 's economic woes . 
  the idea is that the speech we view as objectionable is * precisely * the stuff that should be protected ( to a point ) because what is viewed as objectionable changes widely . 
  wonder what the language and literacy numbers are there ... ca n't be good . 
  it does n't matter if all the `` diversity '' is sectioned off into their own various enclaves where they never interact with society at large / s, 
   i get your point , but on average americans are richer than they were , not poorer . 
  as a raw number , perhaps this is correct . 
  but money supply is expanding and inflation gradually occurs . 
  real wages have been stagnant since the 80s . 
   also , just fyi , the middle-class has `` shrunk '' in america partly because the upper class has gotten much bigger . 
  parsing demographic data you can go either way on this . 
  the percentage of americans that are below the poverty line for example : this of course , depends on where the poverty line is set and where that compares to living wages . 
  so you can define `` upper-class '' a certain way and say it is increasing but it simply distracts from the point that a tiny portion of the population controls over 50 % of the country 's wealth . 
  trader joe 's is love , trader joe 's is life . 
   it 's not a majority view though that is for sure , not even close to it . 
  eh , i 'd say most on the left in the us & uk think reagan and thatcher were shitty . 
  i know what you mean though . 
  thank god , i was wondering what this was ... thought it was some weird type of game for a second . 
  no it 's real . 
  trump will have bad effects on the us but overall , he 's just another side of the same coin as clinton . 
  for the eu , the far-right anti-eu sentiment is intensely threatening and existentially dangerous , to the point where having a real fear of it is entirely realistic . 
  realization ( finally ) that there is popular discontent that ca n't be appeased and has real consequences . 
   nobody considers people like thatcher , raegan , or modern day right wing politicians like cameron evil . 
  yeah they do , they helped destroy unions in the us and uk and helped kick off the shitty neoliberal policies that have destroyed the middle-class in those countries . 
   sure , but even if they find out \u041c\u0430\u0440\u0438\u043d\u0430 was an fsb sleeper agent all this time gold . 
   changing the provisions people were n't fine with and having another vote is n't undemocratic or wrong . 
  it 's called making a compromise . 
  i do not know why people do not understand this , thank you for stating it . 
   they should most def start to sell their achievements better and actively engage in confronting those national politicians that play the blame game : everything good is national , everything bad is brussels . 
  precisely , this is why brexit happened , because this strategy was pushed by various media and was very effective . 
  the talking point about the 200m pounds or whatever that could go to the nhs instead of the eu is one of those exact stupid false equivalencies that are misleading people . 
   so , you 're denying wholesale that germany tried forcing migrant quotas onto neighbouring nations last year ? 
  which is an unfortunate side effect of the fact that nations can not democratically agree on it . 
  there are for sure examples of incompetence but it 's distressing to hear people act like we need to dismantle the institutions instead of strengthen them . 
  can you explain ? 
  he 's exploiting a natural weakness in the eu : it requires consensus between the member states for policy to be implemented with maximum effectiveness . 
  and right now , that consensus does n't exist . 
  very nice . 
  really shows the fact that remain totally failed to grab the midlands . 
  found the actual brit, 
  what a pain in the ass to fill that whole bubble , you 'd think they 'd make theirs the smaller one so it 's easier to fill in and just make their text bigger . 
  shows you how smart they are . 
  would you catch a shoe if a disgruntled iraqi threw it at you ? 
  manchester-style of beverage , no ? 
   the elites decided to ignore them ( also because there was no proposal for a change ) oh they did n't ignore them , they infiltrated them and broke them up , also made them look like violent druggies in the media, 
  people seem to miss that these tax dollars which are not being paid should be paying for things like social services ... 
  russia may not have power projection that the us does , but it still has influence over a huge area . 
   politicians always blame `` outsiders '' and `` foreign influences '' for their failures and take credit for themselves , regardless if they deserve the actual credit . 
  yep , it 's blaming others for your failures instead of taking accountability . 
  i am a staunch opponent of ttip and tpp , but ceta , as a trade agreement between two states with similar levels of development and regulation is far different . 
  the eu and canada have similar levels of consumer protections unlike the eu and us , so it 's possible this will not be the disaster tpp could have been . 
  tpp with isds was a disaster for income distribution waiting to happen due to the vastly different levels of development between us and the tpp countries ( except canada ) . 
  i forget the specific leak , but there was a state department leak that indicated president obama may have set back the malaysians ' democratic reforms by decades by pushing them to conform and sign tpp so desperately . 
  and that 's just one country . 
   all they care about is whether those in charge promote their geopolitical aims . 
  exactly . 
  this is russia 's `` soft-power '' campaign because they have no economic power besides oil . 
  i 'm half-joking, 
  lmao did you even watch msm during the election or are you trolling ? 
   swedens culture minister wants to apply a filter on the internet that only the `` right '' opinions should be allowed on the internet . 
  ( yes , many yells for her resignation ) but to hear the topic even being discussed is really , really frightening . 
  it is very frightening . 
  president obama has called for a `` truthiness machine '' type project and no doubt his close connections to google will mean that google will be a big part of it . 
  while you are right to a degree , the msm shares a great deal of blame for essentially cheerleading for clinton . 
  chris cuomo literally said on cnn that people should n't look at wikileaks themselves , only listen to cnn 's recap of them which was a watered-down , filtered version . 
  the left-leaning media also downplayed the content of the leaks and extent of every scandal very heavily , to the point that it was obvious to anyone watching that they were being dishonest . 
  meanwhile , fox news , the usual propaganda network reported fairly honestly on the democratic primary ( even speaking favorably of bernie sanders ) , talked in detail about the various leaks and scandals , and most of this while having opposed trump for most of the electoral cycle . 
  the social media bubbles are real , and the `` fake news '' phenomenon on social media is really problematic , but it speaks more to failures in the education system and a general skepticism of msm across-the-board which was ( rightfully so ) , strongly enhanced this cycle . 
   trump benefited from constant media exposure during the crowded primary . 
  precisely . 
  cnn and other networks gave him billions in free coverage . 
  lmao, 
   52 % of federal budget revenues and over 70 % of total exports . 
  this is the most important point , the oil downturn hit them * hard * and i wonder what kind of foreign reserves they even have left . 
  thus the intensification of their various `` power projects '' . 
  juventus is leading serie a , checks out . 
  never knew this about europe that they get such fog . 
  was watching some soccer matches and the fog was intense , not sure how they actually played . 
  depends if you put him in one of europe 's prisons , or one of * ours * .
