  biden is * sooooooo * weird . 
  harasho !, 
  i have a better strategy , ask them if they prefer ronaldo , messi , or \u00c9der !, 
  detroit is supposed to reach 8c today , after it was as low as -15 last week . 
  weird stuff . 
   imagine mario draghi in a room , with deutschebank , ing group , credit agricole , hsbc etc. 
  plotting eurozone monetary policy together , having a laugh over the spanish , greek and italian unemployment rates . 
  not different than our fed lol, 
  you forgot the part where president obama 's cabinet was chosen by citigroup , for example mike froman ended up as chief us trade rep. 
  yep . 
  as a bundesliga fan ... . . why would a wolfsburg shirt make someone happy ... 
  it 's because they did n't pay off enough us politicians or have as large of a lobby as gm and ford , do n't get confused . 
  if only we could do the reverse as well and citigroup , goldman , and others could be prosecuted by europe :( oh well , at least you 're going after taxes from google and apple while we ca n't . 
  i think if we 're going for labels , then `` baltic '' is really perfect and could encompass all of them . 
  from * nice * to * whoa !!!, 
  applying to masters ' programs right now actually ... even if i only just go to michigan state it 's still a damn good program ( business ) . 
   i think all together less than 2,000 euros . 
  that 'd be just the cost of travelling to and from europe lol, 
  sounds like an elder scrolls world lol ... 
  they 're nowhere near affordable for most students . 
  i am so jealous of all of you that you get to have this . 
  absolutely essential program that i wish the us would emulate in some form . 
  even just between us state universities . 
  china is doing the smart thing , beating both the eu and us investing in africa . 
  incorrectly . 
  how does it work for europe but not for us ? 
  i live in detroit , i 'm well aware . 
  i do n't think i 'm coming off as `` lecturing '' either . 
  companies abuse h1b , tech companies do it quite a bit and then offer the h1b to get a foreign worker , it 's not that hard . 
  my main issue is with the ghettos , there is a huge social cost to this self-imposed division and i suppose it 's very usa of me to say this but if those people do n't want to be part of the society , then they should just leave like the refugees that thought they were too good for estonia & latvia and wanted to move to germany instead . 
  you will never take us desu !, 
  dutch & portuguese were in japan , had ports there ... this map is slightly off, 
   someday you wake up and have ghettos like in paris or brussels . 
  oh stop , you 're supposed to deny those exist and are a problem . 
  making them assimilate is wrong !, 
  expert shoe dodger as well . 
  * sees title * oh that 's weird , wtf ? 
  * looks at source * ohhhhh, 
  bruh kirov orchestra , mariinsky , they 're all still pretty decent lol, 
  visa program for foreign workers if american corps ca n't hire americans to fill a position . 
  i 'll type out an explanation of how it 's abused later , unless someone else wants to explain it . 
  i 'm curious when someone in the us will admit that what you just stated is the same for our immigration problems ( both legal - h1b for example , and illegal ), 
  that 's what i mean : the organizations managing this astroturfing are private so we ca n't actually know all of the agenda , just however it manifests in posts . 
  reddit is a propaganda machine these days , there are active brigades from both the left and right . 
  which is why free speech laws are important ... the charlie hebdo-type content is n't incendiary * in itself * which is the main criteria we should follow . 
  they 're not the ones committing crimes , it 's the fundamentalists who decide their religion is above the social contract ( i.e. 
  law ) . 
  the problem which was uncovered in this past election which has plagued the us forever is a blurring of the lines between gov ' t and private actions : the media was all lined up to crown clinton president and the favorable media coverage from everyone besides fox was outright disturbing . 
  you had cnn telling people `` do n't read wikileaks , it 's illegal for you but not us !, 
  watch our show about them instead !, 
  '' , propaganda was and is in full swing . 
  and then p. obama mentions the `` truthiness '' project which will really end up being something google & facebook runs because they are so connected within the gov ` t. 
  violent video games !, 
   given that american democracy is vastly more successful and europe seems to regularly fall victim to authoritan policies , i would accept some mean words in exchange to be honest . 
  i would n't say this at all . 
  our policy-making bodies are arguably controlled completely by lobbyist interests and our elections are some of the most poorly organized in the oecd . 
  no voter id , suspect voting machines , widely different election standards across states ( besides the day ) , and perhaps most importantly gerrymandering . 
  europe without a doubt has a better functioning democracies at the moment . 
  the fact that trump made it in might actually spur reform finally . 
  watched a broadcast in the uk where this lady moaned about how her competition was polish and undercutting their business , and i simply thought to myself so your customers are only choosing them because of price ? 
  do n't you have something else you can compete with them on ? 
  let me offer a counter-opinion here : so based on some of the wikileaks releases over the past year , one thing that was revealed was how google was doing data collection in cooperation with al-jazeera in syria . 
  also , it 's widely known how much metadata google collects if you use their services and how they tailor their search results sometimes to look in favor of this person or that group ( or not ) . 
  so i think it 's more complicated . 
  there was an article here where one journalist questioned whether theresa may understands the ramifications of a hard brexit ... i 'm very confident she and most of the tories have no knowledge of the policy implications of any of this . 
  hmmmm ... kazakhstan might one day be a real powerhouse of a country . 
  seem like they 're doing very well with their development . 
  yeah , where are all the vowels ? 
  i have heard that primorsky has basically been in a huge decline because the area is not invested in anymore , all the resources are just scooped up by corruption . 
  do you think serbia will eventually join the eu ? 
  it 's impossible for them to conceive of an actual left wing to politics . 
  let me add to this that the murdoch media will jump on this and blast this narrative out as well . 
   now we only need an article explaining the wei\u00dfwurst\u00e4quator split and how bavarians are sometimes already called ` ausl\u00e4nder ' in the rest of germany and we will be set . 
  careful it 's wapo , they might take that bait . 
  they could n't make it more obvious that they 're trying to create division and weaken europe . 
  yep , breitbart is a clickbait and propaganda website . 
  i wish we could blast this out to all the people who say our only option is to just get rid of all of them immediately . 
  the us for one has horrible problems with legal immigration that if they were fixed , the illegal immigration problem would be nerfed quite a bit . 
  i imagine it would improve , a specific set of tasks that you can focus on makes for a totally different workflow than a simple timed beginning and end to your workday . 
  i always imagine this as something that makes telecommuting for certain businesses being vastly more effective than 9-5 . 
  i mean the us advocating for multi-lateral sanctions on russia in response to the election hacking . 
  you are right though i do not see the trump executive branch pushing for this though congress could continue . 
   why does he oppose id laws ? 
  i honestly do n't know . 
  but the whole country could do with tons of improvements to our voting laws . 
  there are some states that require photo id , some that do n't . 
  you do n't believe the us should reform its electoral system to the standard of the rest of the oecd countries ? 
  i do . 
  this was obviously coming . 
  i 'm really curious however , if they 'll actually be able to get anything international going . 
  it 'll be an indication of how credible the international community finds the `` hacked election '' accusations . 
  i highly suggest watching the 60 minutes interview , i think it was from 1998 or so . 
  if you need a source on his donation record , i would be glad to oblige . 
  but it 's so extensive that i would have to take time . 
  he donates billions of dollars to various countries to try and sway their democracies just as he is accusing others of doing here . 
  he is one of the main opponents of voter id laws in the us , for one . 
  he was also close to nazi collaborators in hungary during wwii and says he feels no remorse over it . 
  ( source : 60 minutes interview in the 90s ) edit : i should soften the use of this accusation , it was n't him that directly collaborated it was his godfather . 
  also [ this thread ] ( http://message.snopes.com/showthread.php?t=43876 ) has more, 
  this man is a horrible person .
