  thank you . 
  if they 're talking about the minister joke schauvliege which is who i 'm guessing then she is an idiot if she thinks that . 
  it 's going to be a decade of pain imo, 
  did n't even know that happened , wow, 
  no just a joke opportunity , something about squirrels conquering spain , i 'm not sure lol, 
  hmmm does she know what oxygen is ? 
  edit ; corrected, 
  there 's a reconquista reference here somewhere lol, 
   this is the highest level since 1750 , and only 2.1 % lower than the domesday record of 1089ad . 
  holy crap . 
  something interesting : 2 . 
  ( linguistics ) linguistics also : agglomerative denoting languages , such as hungarian , whose morphology is characterized by agglutination . 
  http://www.thefreedictionary.com/agglutinative help now i 'm even more confused, 
  oh i mean even before that lol, 
  ahhhh agglomerative languages, 
  i remember the whole dsk affair , comical, 
  oooh my favorite, 
  i always wonder about the russian flairs ... how many are real lol, 
  yeah , the oil prices are the main drag on the economy but the sanctions added to that have done some damage , i suspect this is why putin and the like have been so desperate to influence foreign elections . 
  so , le pen and fillon have both come out in opposition to sanctions ... 
  damn right it will , they 're going to absolutely destroy the economy . 
  referring to the religious parts in my case, 
  quick throw the master ball !, 
  i mean , not * really * . 
  you did burn down washington but i think you were a couple centuries too early on that one . 
  nonono , you need to get versed on your right-wing ultras lol, 
  no no no , first ones to go to mars are rupert murdoch and charles koch . 
  british accent rush limbaugh ... gee thanks uk, 
  is this revenge for 1812 ? 
  they put serbia in the new civ ? 
  no do n't tell me this, 
  imperial borders had nothing to do with the ethnic makeups of the area , so we really do n't know . 
  brings back some good total war & civ memories lol . 
  i always love viewing maps of the holy roman empire and seeing the ridiculous numbers of small principalities , like you discover a new one every time . 
  it 's all propaganda, 
  the only thing `` they '' will do is make a crapload of money off of american taxpayers, 
  very weird, 
  got ta be a hot-weather person i suppose , i love florida, 
  even non-religious americans are saying that, 
  i just realized that ohio is a state with tons of astronauts , and extremadura was where a lot of spanish conquistadors were from . 
  so in a way ... ohio is like extremadura of us . 
  yes cascadia + california master race sign me up !, 
   rules/laws reflect and adapt to ever-changing realities , which is why they get outdated constantly . 
  that 's not applicable here . 
  the rule was what it was when russia decided to annex crimea , effectively committing a war of aggression . 
  the law was n't outdated in any way , it was disobeyed . 
  perhaps you could argue that the west made a mistake in expanding their influence up to ukraine ( which is what i would argue ) , but it was n't just the governments of the eu & usa involved , soros 's osf had a huge focus on ukraine at that time and was definitely a factor . 
  of course it makes sense * why * putin would do it because nato control of crimea would have been bad , but that 's what happens when he is backed into a corner . 
   naturally , one could even say russia was forced to reincorporate crimea no , that 's not logical since crimea was sovereign territory of ukraine as recognized by international law . 
  pbs frontline `` putin 's way '', 
  i agree with you mostly , crimea & donbass was quite obviously a response to ukraine 's conflict over whether to join the western axis . 
   had nato taken crimea , they would have put the whole southern russian border in peril . 
  also consider that sevastopol is leased by russia , so if nato controls crimea they literally control all the land around the main russian black sea fleet . 
  i was watching a very interesting documentary on russia and a great point that they made when interviewing some of the oligarchs was that they were so confused by putin 's lack of desire to modernize the country . 
  they thought he was part of `` their generation '' ( i.e. 
  sharing some of the ideals that many people their age had about westernization ) but he surprised them by just continuing the old corrupt order that had existed in the yeltsin administration . 
   so it must have been some consideration of the ukrainian reaction that prevented such an invasion . 
  kiev would have been a bloodbath , that 's for sure . 
  can only imagine the war crimes that would have been committed trying to take the full country of ukraine . 
  however , i do n't believe something like that was ever part of putin 's strategy . 
  nice stuff !, 
  scottish ken m , ken macm, 
  that 's fine , i 'll just watch eder dominate the belgian league . 
  fuck yeah , just need them to wait long enough to brexit then i can apply for jobs in paris & frankfurt after i get out of b-school !, 
  how the hell does this even make sense ? 
  we do a lot of neoliberal stuff tbh , especially in natural monopolies, 
  you forgot us . 
  i still do n't understand how it 's not a nationalised utility . 
  what the hell is going on ? 
  why does die linke oppose nato ? 
   it 's incredibly big and has an amazingly rich history and culture . 
  much more than we generally give them credit for in the west because they have been so distant and confrontational of late . 
   vladislav surkov arguably the most important behind-the-scenes character in modern geopolitics . 
  4th symphony are 5th symphony are more epic depictions , but on the same line . 
  4th symphony was not played until after stalin was out of power because it was so modernistic . 
  was going to post music , there were some awesome russian composers literally among the best ever . 
  i disagree with you that stravinsky was the best since bach but he is one of the best so i agree with you . 
  dsch is my personal favorite among them . 
  yes . 
  it is . 
  the ussr started with the internationale then around the ww2 time they switched to the current tune . 
  will swear words suffice :d, 
  i 'd take anything over darth mayder at this point . 
  how is the english up there in those countries ? 
  are a lot of people generally fluent ? 
  no no no , * they * take * your * loot . 
   the uk will start a tax war to attract the global financial elite . 
  which will utterly destroy their economy , causing europe 's most talented to leave or stay away when the uk ca n't fund the nhs and has to privatize it . 
  `` ukraine '' is a myth , it 's all russia . '', 
  sounds like what 's been happening in the us with the `` left '', 
  do n't forget honda , and then the south koreans with kia and hyundai . 
   fuel in the netherlands costs $ 6.60 per gallon . 
  :o it 's like $ 2.50 in my town, 
   next thing you know , he 's gon na start insulting oliver kahn . 
  beside myself over the fact that his interview was with bild . 
  welcome to winter !, 
  we have `` wind chill '' in the us midwest ... it 's fun, 
  i was thinking more a giant evil grizzly bear, 
  thank you for your service , there are a great many refugees that are in need of asylum . 
  my sister met one from congo who migrated by himself to the us the other day and said the whole experience was profoundly touching .
