  us prison system is not kind to sex offenders . 
  they 're not really `` republicans '' though , tbf , just generic right-wingers . 
  indonesia perhaps . 
  i suppose this is right to a degree , us politicians have such short terms they are constantly in campaign mode and trying to make sure they are not ousted by some random challenger despite the fact that incumbents win something like 80 % of all elections . 
  i think the general left-leaning sentiment of europeans has a lot to do with it since us politics has been hijacked by the far-right evangelicals since the 1980s . 
  the anti-western narrative is strong . 
  that 's due to lack of regulatory oversight and the various insider revolving doors . 
  we have a lot of politicians on both sides that are bought and paid for by wall street . 
  obama 's treasury secretary used to be a vp at citigroup . 
  and many of his 2008 cabinet appointments were heavily influenced by them . 
  is n't his something that an institution like the eu should have away over , or is it forbidden to affect national politics ? 
  not a surprise . 
  such proposals undermine cybersec worldwide and would only backfire against the government . 
  so basically , projection and accusations of counter-productive activity from the side that is actually being counter-productive ? 
  very much agree . 
  the solution is to strengthen institutions , not discard them . 
  hilarious , i actually want to know those tracks lol, 
  they 're still reeling from the pandoro wars and roma vs. lazio, 
  that is actually fascinating . 
  it 's the same behavior as during the cold war , and the same that china used for centuries to surround itself with client satellite states . 
  no support in the us either , people are either apathetic and do n't care or they actively oppose it . 
  yet we still keep selling them weapons . 
  the silver lining to the us election as well was that something like 7 states legalized either medical or recreational marijuana , including some where the govt ' is fairly right-leaning . 
  that 's similar to what happened with trump in the us . 
  the left-leaning media covered every single scandal and yelled and screamed about it one scandal after the other without tons of detail , while the right-wing media hit clinton in detail on only the most important deep scandals ad infinitum . 
  does not make a ton of sense unless this was a situation created by media or the party that stands to benefit from no vote . 
  i do n't get it , why would the bicameral reforms be good ? 
  omg amazing, 
  honestly . 
  ca n't take much more of this . 
  must be a dortmund fan, 
  yes , now do n't jinx italy lol, 
   penne vs anything else the struggle is real, 
  duly noted . 
  they had that much in the first place ? 
  i was wondering to myself the other day if the `` fascism ! '', 
  accusation constantly thrown around now is the new `` communist ! '', 
  but it 's not simple `` populism '' it 's * right-wing * populism . 
  what is needed is a recognition of why the status-quo is not working . 
  this is how i imagine the city center of every decent size spanish town looking :d, 
  pls read the articles i provided, 
  misspoke so i changed it , they are the top exporter of lng however, 
  then why did hillary clinton say to goldman sachs that they clandestinely fund them ? 
  or is she less informed than you ? 
  read my lower comments : it 's not something i made up . 
  i think the context is we are talking about tv coverage . 
  what evidence do you have of my `` agenda '' ? 
  i 'm criticizing media sources who are lying by omission to manufacture consent for us to have further action in the middle east which i strongly oppose . 
  they 've done it for decades . 
  i 'm strongly pro-europe btw my family in the uk all voted remain and i think the eu ( but not necessarily the euro ) might be the best thing to ever happen to europe and is absolutely essential for the 21st century . 
  it 's not the eu that 's the problem , it 's the politicians running it like merkel who are ineffective . 
  it 's a pipeline . 
  so i read a guardian article and there are various others that this whole conflict started because in the early 2000s , qatar decided they want to build a pipeline to europe to sell oil . 
  well , they said they need this pipeline and the only way to do it would be through syria . 
  but assad being an ally of russia & amp ; iran , would never accept one because russia is the main supplier of oil to europe currently . 
  thus the emphasis on ousting assad even at the cost of millions of lives & amp ; regional stability . 
  isis is directly armed & amp ; funded by saudi & amp ; qatar so that they can overthrow the regime and build the pipeline ( saudi benefits as well because this increases their soft power and weakens iran ) . 
  they are indirectly armed & amp ; funded by the us who export hundreds of millions of weapons to saudi . 
  supposedly john kerry admitted in the senate hearings that qatar & amp ; saudi offered to literally fund a war to overthrow assad and get the pipeline . 
  enter clinton as secretary of state in 08 , who gets massive donations to the clinton foundation from ksa & amp ; qatar as well as from defense contractors and so us policy steers towards * further * interventionism in the region outside of iraq . 
  read [ this ] ( https://www.theguardian.com/environment/earth-insight/2013/aug/30/syria-chemical-attack-war-intervention-oil-gas-energy-pipelines ) and [ this ] ( http://www.ecowatch.com/syria-another-pipeline-war-1882180532.html ) . 
  yes manufacturing consent was done in the gulf war , iraq war , and now . 
  the humanitarian narrative is done to distract from the fact that our government has indirectly armed isis and the conflict * likely * began because of reasons related to oil . 
  edit to water my statement a bit, 
  it will get downvoted into oblivion for about 6 hours then slowly trickle back up like everything that is n't `` trump is hitler '' . 
  i think the implication is the `` msm '' like cnn , msnbc , nyt , those networks are focused on the `` humanitarian '' angle to distract from the fact that this is about oil . 
  if they cover it at all . 
  zero here just like this dapl pipeline protests . 
   he masterfully skipped the question saying something `` i hope that the people against constitutional maneuver would be able to get pandoro or panettone '' . 
  proper politician right there, 
  wonder how well this will work , i remember having a discussion with a professor in university about this and thinking this would be a great policy to tackle unemployment & job shortages at the same time . 
  outdated is an opinion for someone else , but i will say it is far beyond counterproductive . 
  it 's torture, 
  depends on the club , there are left-wingers like livorno & fc st. pauli and then right-wingers like lazio ( traditionally ), 
  wow how many years till the rest do ? 
  or will there always be a bloc resisting like there is for israel ? 
  my god , that timeframe is small compared to how ours went ... a whole 2 years of agony . 
  yes sorry, 
  how is st. petersburg compared to moscow qol wise ? 
  explains their badassery , after all they 'd just finished fighting napoleon, 
  distributionally we are shit unfortunately , income inequality is out of control here, 
  heard they all might leave the champions league actually ... so ... at least in sport it might happen ( sans uk & germany ), 
   `` do n't tell them you love them at least for the first three months of your relationship , or they 'll run away , '' he explained patiently . 
  `` german women do n't like clinginess . '', 
  lmao this guy, 
  morons will be morons . 
  read [ this ] ( https://www.theguardian.com/environment/earth-insight/2013/aug/30/syria-chemical-attack-war-intervention-oil-gas-energy-pipelines ) to start, 
  the way our economy is headed , you may yet see it in your lifetime . 
  knew a very cool albanian girl from shkoder who moved her whole family over to the us and they 're great people . 
  something else unfortunate is that the us gov ' t will not take in more of these refugees even though we are responsible for this whole situation ... 
  right they 're saying it 's beyond technicality at that point , that the `` moral obligation '' due to a refugee ends at the point they leave the original country of resettlement because they want to go to another country . 
  haha no , he 's just playing well right now . 
  can i introduce you to our lord and savior kasper dolberg ? 
  jk not an ajax fan though . 
  you caught me with fifa , though i have watched some dutch league this year . 
  no that might be the stupidest thing i 've ever seen in a comment section . 
  climate change exacerbates drought as well . 
  that comment section is a disaster lol ... 
  code for `` this legislation brought to you by lobbyists '', 
  * hears soviet anthem in the background *,
