  it 's just a type of dense material used for munitions casing etc. 
  surely you mean * realize ? 
  * but never mind that , are you for real ? 
  * as early as 1997 , british army doctors warned the british mod ( ministry of defence ) that exposure to depleted uranium increased the risk of developing lung , lymph and brain cancer , and recommended a series of safety precautions * [ [ source ] ] ( http://www.theguardian.com/uk/2001/jan/11/armstrade.world?intcmp=ilcnettxt3487 ), 
  funny how oppressing people in kosovo becomes all the more reason to bomb the whole country with depleted uranium . 
  this sub is a joke . 
  and it 's not like serbia will be the only country in eu with a territorial dispute ... see : cyprus . 
  it 's ironic how those who used the term `` balkanize '' to describe the situation in former yugoslavia are now facing the same problem . 
  i mean , balkanization of uk is already on the way . 
  who 's `` we '' ? 
  that image of austria in the upper left corner looks like kfc chicken . 
  i 'm getting more and more into scandinavian films and tv shows . 
  right now , i 'm watching * the bridge * and it 's amazing . 
  * the headhunters * ( hodejegerne ) is one of my favorite thrillers . 
  is there something similar that you 'd recommend ? 
   this at least has nothing to do with montenegrin nationalism , it has to do with soc representing its political opinions on its frescoes . 
  damn , i have to admit you 're right . 
  krivokapic is in a quarrel with amfilohije and soc in general , that 's why the crazy priest decided to portray him that way . 
  sorry for calling you an outsider . 
   it is the issue of the serbian orthodox church . 
  you know , that 's something an outsider like yourself would say , because in recent years , montenegro has been trying to differentiate from serbia as much as possible . 
  that 's why it 's nearly impossible to find serbian writers in their textbooks , or notable serbs in history books . 
  now , their church wants to be independent , as i already told you , and this whole affair with frescoes has a strong nationalistic undertone . 
  do you really think soc had a say in what was going to be painted on those walls ? 
  did soc pick tito or krivokopic as their favorites ? 
  if you can prove me wrong , please do . 
  i still think this was one-sided , and it 's all about moc and their heroes and villains . 
  so serbs painted those frescoes ? 
  what are you saying ? 
  this is a montenegrin issue , not serbian . 
  sure , but i do n't see serbian orthodox church with frescoes showing vucic , dacic and the lot ? 
  this is like a new level of crazy . 
  anyway , montenegrin orthodox church wants to be independent , so there 's that . 
  it 's one thing if your church is conservative , and whole other if it 's plain distasteful like moc . 
  montenegro is hilarious . 
  it should be noted that [ this little guy ] ( http://i.imgur.com/uuqnnm5.jpg ) , ranko krivokapic , is the current president of montenegrin parliament . 
  as you can see in the picture , he is sitting in the devil 's lap , so he 's clearly fallen under his influence . 
  if you are in any way opposed to the church , like krivokapic , you get sent to hell straightaway , whereas if you 're donating to the church , you get your own place in heaven , [ like montenegrin pm djukanovic here . 
  serbia * we formally started eu negotiations . 
  i have n't seen much enthusiasm on / r/europe when it comes to that , but i still think it 's good news . 
  * serbia is getting ready for parliamentary elections , which are probably going to take place in the middle of march . 
  why ? 
  because our deputy prime minister said so . 
  he wants to drop that `` deputy , '' you know , it 's been bugging him for some time . 
  but really , it 's all about the ruling party grabbing more for themselves . 
  * first snow , winter has finally come . 
  watching this stream , i can not help but think about tool 's song vicarious , the lyrics seem appropriate . 
  we do recognize kosovo as a county . 
  what about other eu members who have n't recognized kosovo as an independent country , are they also being childish ? 
  i 'm not denying that we are corrupt , i 'm merely saying that there are ways to improve the situation . 
  that 's why we need eu . 
  it 's a shame that we ca n't reform the country on our own , but that 's another topic . 
  we are making an effort . 
  do you have any sources to prove that we are doing absolutely nothing ? 
  i know it 's still insufficient , but we 're dealing with bad privatizations and putting criminals behind bars . 
   are you all honestly happy that politicians from one of europe 's most corrupt states will have in all our lives ? 
  stop pretending like europe is doing us a huge favor . 
  eu had a list of demands , we delivered , and it 's about time we began talks . 
  i know it 's still a long way to becoming an organized and corrupt-free state , but you ca n't say that we had n't made a solid effort without sounding ignorant . 
  rubber dinghy rapids , bro . 
  we do n't know much about what 's happening beyond the wall . 
  they do n't exist ? 
  there is a mosque in belgrade and there are many mosques across the country , especially in sand\u017eak . 
  edit : [ and take a look at this . 
  of course i am . 
  no , it 's not pathetic . 
  scientists are never pathetic , it 's stupid fundies like you who are pathetic . 
  i asked for one simple thing , i asked for science and yet , i was denied . 
  have you heard about china , chile , estonia ? 
  how are those countries doing ? 
  how come they are competitive ? 
  why ca n't greece be like chile ? 
  i want greece to start paying , because i wo n't pay for them anymore . 
  i think , i am confident , i know ... 
  yes , but do you have science to back up your claims ? 
  or maybe you are just like all the others ? 
  you people do n't know what basic science is , i ca n't believe this . 
  please give me science . 
  do n't just tell me you have faith in greece , provide me with academic studies . 
  show me all the relevant data and explain how greeks will stop leeching off eu . 
  i 'm waiting . 
  you did n't answer my question . 
  you obviously have no clue what science is and instead you choose to mock me . 
  that 's just who you are in the end , but i refuse to pay for you . 
  i wo n't pay for you greece anymore , i want you to stop being corrupt . 
  is that too much to ask ? 
  stop being a leecher , take responsibility and give me science . 
  i 'm waiting . 
  sigh . 
  when will you start paying your debts greece ? 
  do you have science to prove your claims ? 
  do you know what science is greece ? 
  ever heard about science ? 
  give me proof that you will not leech off eu , i 'm waiting . 
  cohesion funds are not working , you are a net receiver and it will stay like this for years , maybe decades . 
  give me science that it wo n't stay like this i 'm waiting , or maybe you do n't understand the concept of science ? 
  is that what it is greece ? 
  you 're pathetic . 
  coming from novi sad , i do believe i would experience a culture shock if i visited pristina . 
  what 's wrong with saying that ?
