  like the kid that fell out of the tree . 
  not there, 
  i stared blankly at the ceiling . 
  it had still been dark when i 'd woken up but by now the sun was shining onto my face through the gap in the curtains . 
  i rolled over to marks side and put my face into his pillow . 
  i inhaled deeply for a few seconds before i got up . 
  i put my slippers and dressing gown on and went downstairs . 
  as i opened the fridge there was a knock at the door . 
  i opened it to see my mum standing there , wrapped up in such a big scarf that i could only just make out her smiling eyes . 
  she hugged me and stepped inside . 
  `` how are you feeling soph ? '' she asked . 
  `` i 'm think i 'm ok , i 've had a month to get used to it . '', 
  `` it 'll be fine soph , we 're all here for you . '', 
  `` thanks mum . 
  i 'll make us some breakfast . '', 
  really i just wanted an excuse to turn away from her . 
  i hoped my sniffle would n't give her any indication that my eyes were filling with tears . 
  thankfully the frying of eggs and the clattering of plates filled the silence . 
  `` they 're not as good as mark used to do but they 'll be alright . '' i said as i put the plate of eggs in front of her . 
  `` are you not having any ? '', 
  `` no , i 'm not hungry . 
  i 'll go and get ready . '', 
  there was n't much conversation in the car . 
  as we got closer to the cemetery i began to think of mark more and more . 
  i felt like getting sick . 
  i came closer and closer to bursting into tears . 
  i wanted to stay strong . 
  i was thinking of mark and how lucky i had been to know him . 
  we 'd been married for 6 years when he was killed . 
  a lot of military marriages fail because of the time the men spend away . 
  our marriage was different though . 
  we 'd been deeply in love ever since we 'd first met and even though mark spent a lot of time away , that love never faded . 
  i understood that it was part of his job to go away on tour and i know he loved going with his men . 
  he felt responsible for them . 
  i could accept that but when i found out he had been killed i had been distraught . 
  of course , i was upset because it my husband that had been killed . 
  but most of all i had been angry . 
  i was angry at the army for making him go away so many times and i was angry at mark for staying in the army . 
  i blamed them both for his death . 
  did neither of them realise what they 'd put me through ? 
  why could n't somebody else go ? 
  it was always mark . 
  he 'd been on tour 4 times in 6 years . 
  some men do n't ever go on tour in their whole army career . 
  and now , one month after he was buried i had let go of that anger . 
  the men under marks command had told me that he 'd saved many lives . 
  he was a brave man . 
  he was a good leader and always put the welfare of his men before his own . 
  he would never ask anybody to do something that he would n't have done himself . 
  of course , i knew all of this already . 
  mark was a great man to so many people and it was this knowledge that gave me comfort as i laid the flowers on his grave . 
  well if i signed a contract i 'd expect to fulfil it, 
  `` wait ! '', 
  i began to walk quicker . 
  10 minutes ago i 'd left my friend richie and we 'd gone opposite directions so when i heard that voice i assumed the worst . 
  the alley was n't the sort of place i 'd normally walk through at night but it was cold and i 'd wanted a shortcut . 
  so , for the fear of being mugged , i 'd sped up . 
  `` wait !, 
  please sir , hold on ! '' the voice called again . 
  it sounded very high pitched , like the voice of a child . 
  i turned around . 
  the dim alley was lit by a single streetlamp . 
  as i peered into the gloom i noticed movement underneath the dumpster about 30 feet from me . 
  a racoon crawled out and started moving towards me . 
  i began to walk away ; clearly i 'd been imagining things . 
  i did n't want to get bitten by a racoon . 
  `` please luke , i must speak with you . '' i turned around as fast as i could to try and see who was calling me . 
  the racoon was stood on its hind legs about 6 feet away from me . 
  `` thank you sir , thank you for stopping . 
  i do not know what i would have done if you had escaped . 
  i must speak with you , it is urgent . '', 
  `` i ... i ... you 're ... speaking ? 
  is this some kind of prank ? '', 
  `` i understand your surprise , not a lot of humans know we can speak . '' i must have looked utterly gormless as i looked at the scruffy creature , now at my feet . 
  `` my name is sanjay . 
  my friends and i from the forest need your help . '', 
  `` my help ? 
  why do you need my help ? 
  you 're a racoon . 
  a ... talking racoon named sanjay . '', 
  `` sir , the evil overlord zarlon has come into the animal kingdom and taken away all the tings and ... '' sanjay was speaking at a frantic pace , using his small arms to express great emotion . 
  `` slow down little guy . 
  who is zarlon ? 
  what are tings ? '', 
  `` zarlon is the devil . 
  he hates the animal kingdom . 
  do you see those woods over there ? , '' said sanjay , pointing to the large dark forest some distance away , `` that is our kingdom . 
  tings are small orbs of magical substance and they give special powers , like the power of human speech , to the creatures of the forest . 
  zarlon has come from the quarry to steal the tings because he wishes to use them to bring his own forces to life . 
  he has many horrible demons in the quarry and would use the magic for evil . 
  all of us in the forest would become his slaves , powerless to stop him . '' sanjay shuffled from foot to foot like he was dancing and kept brushing back the hair on his head . 
  i was unsure if it was a twitch he had or he was just anxious . 
  `` i 'm sorry sanjay but i 'm not sure where i fit in . 
  i 'm a human and your animal problems do n't really concern me . 
  i 'd love to help but i have more important things to do . '', 
  `` please , you must come . 
  i have only been sent to find you . 
  you must come and meet arthur , the badger . 
  he will explain in more detail . 
  he is wise and knowledgea ... '' sanjay froze .
