  `` how does an elephant ask for a bun ? '', 
  ( put your arm to your face like a trunk ) `` can i have a bun please ? '', 
  i 'd absolutely love to see him play it . 
  even a couple of episodes to gauge interest and if people are n't liking it then there 's no need to carry on . 
  check out the evening with sips that he did of sims : medieval . 
  that might give you a taste of what a sims 3 play-through could be like . 
  that is amazing . 
  how anyone can make anything that good is beyond me , it looks so real !, 
  it 's airfix, 
  so does this mean we might see more 4wr sets ? 
  maybe roddy , julio , hd and dj ? 
  tru could have easily had 3-4 more ints last year . 
  i can not wait for next season with our secondary ( bar fs ) and a hopefully much improved d-line, 
  what makes it a bad kit ? 
  it did n't fit together so well but i just presumed it was because of my awful dexterity !, 
  at first i thought the title said `` bench games '' so you can imagine i was sorely disappointed, 
  `` what are you thinking about ? '', 
  nobody in those positions wants to trade ? 
  roses are red, 
  commenting to save this for future reference, 
  thanks , i 'll try it out anyway, 
  with all due respect that question is hardly relationship advice . 
  i read the rules and saw relationship advice was n't allowed but did n't consider this to come under that . 
  apologies, 
  god dammit i got caught out again . 
  now i have to type `` i remain , '' myself !, 
  i remain ,, 
  thanks for such a comprehensive list and links , i 'll definitely try some of those out . 
  `` i got a little cheeeeese dick sityaytion '', 
  i have uac turned off, 
  nope , no errors . 
  it installs as you would expect and when i go into fsx the textures are still default . 
  do you mean the scenery library menu in fsx itself ? 
  always pretend santa is real when kids are around, 
  where 's the jets catch from last season ?!, 
  nicely put together though . 
  did n't like the music but the video itself is well made, 
  well to be fair the u.s. did n't try and take iraq for itself like russia did with crimea, 
  is brandon oliver really a gem ? 
  from reading your article i do n't think he is . 
  surely a ` gem ' would be a solid starter, 
  i was at walgreens and i bought a large bag of crisps . 
  the cashier actually tried to double bag if for me before i stopped him . 
  coming from ireland where we have to pay for plastic bags i found this a bit crazy . 
  i mean , the bag of crisps is already a bag , why do i need two more ? 
  you will make beginner gains but you should still eat at a surplus if you want to gain muscle mass . 
  however you wo n't specifically need to cut/bulk at first . 
  this comes once you build a solid base of muscle , maybe 6 months to a year after you 've started training . 
  was that one of your classmates i saw masturbating on the bus earlier ? 
  how much free time do you get at rmas ? 
  i know the first term is quite tough but what is it like after that ? 
  being in ireland i ca n't watch games live and ca n't afford game pass . 
  i like to use tenyardtracker to get full games . 
  it gives me a great sense of satisfaction to have a whole falcons season , kind of like a collection i suppose . 
  plus i can watch the games whenever i like which is a bonus when travelling etc, 
  what do you do for a living and does being intersexed effect your job or the type of work you can do ? 
  you 're talking about roddy retiring like he 'll be gone this year . 
  i think he has a couple of more years of good play left in him . 
  replacing roddy is n't an urgent need . 
  i admit that watkins would be an exciting pick but it would make no sense . 
  a group of ferrets is known as a business, 
  make somebody elses day shitty www.poopsenders.com, 
  your post has confused me , are you making fun saying the saints will draft a punter ? 
   semi attractive, 
  can confirm , this will work . 
  source : degree in communication studies, 
  you were n't lied to . 
  you 're probably red/green colour blind , that 's why you ca n't be a fighter pilot, 
  there are 10 types of people in this world . 
  those who know binary and those who do not, 
  the last episode of friends was pretty great, 
  thank fuck you have a sister . 
  it means you ca n't possibly be a member of my family, 
  how is truth going to work on a website on which everybody is anonymous ? 
  take me to the candy shop - 50 cent, 
  how they had to flush manually, 
  this sounds cheesy but i 'd do it the same . 
  i 'm fine now but who knows what my life might be like if i 'd done something different, 
  yorkshire puddings - uk and ireland, 
  shoes . 
  always buy good shoes, 
  well early teens . 
  i did n't really understand the lyrics , just thought it was a cool rap song . 
  i 'm 22 btw, 
  yeah you could do that before, 
  i still have bing vision ? 
  can somebody do an eli5 of vpn please ? 
  thank you !, 
  it will be useful if my uni has vpn set up by the sound of things, 
  cryptic though innit ? 
  i think all of this is irrelevant . 
  i 'm convinced we ' re trading up to the two spot, 
  that poor jelly baby, 
  great explanation . 
  thank you !, 
  the one on wp8 .1 is accurate anyway !, 
  i did boxfit the other day but went to my first amateur session today . 
  i found it quite frustrating because i was n't really coached and told the techniques . 
  it was more just join in on the bags while the coaches worked with people who had fights coming up . 
  running out of fossil fuels,
