  clowney has a couple of red flags too such as character and a poor season this year . 
  you have to wonder what his attitude is really like when it comes to football . 
  i 'm glad with the win . 
  it just feels bad sitting and watching your team lose . 
  it 's embarrassing . 
  and no , having a high draft pick does n't make up for that . 
  that 's like being proud of having the shittest team . 
  now i 'll just end up quickly looking at every single person in the room to see who likes me, 
  not the most fancy name but the title of my current job is `` stock management team member '' . 
  no , i 'm a shelf stacker . 
  man , you 're so quiet, 
  iron sky . 
  nazis , black guys being turned white , the moon . 
  it has it all, 
  it was about the same size as mine . 
  i live in a pretty built up area too, 
  i had friend who used the line `` do you like burger king because you look like a mctasty '', 
  if it 's still there on my way home i definitely will . 
  i took another picture on my way home . 
  my brother who 's studying physiotherapy has gone up to have a look and establish whether it 's human or not, 
  i 'll see myself out, 
  one of the most enjoyable games i 've watched this season, 
  cane here to say that, 
  when old people say they met at a dance , would that be the equivalent of meeting somebody in a nightclub nowadays ? 
  ireland here . 
  do n't drink your guinness like an idiot . 
  i just finished watching the game . 
  i hate our entire o-line . 
  what an absoloute joke they are, 
  our o-line are a fucking joke . 
  how much do they get paid and they come up with a performance like that ? 
  it 's not good enough . 
  especially that shit at the end with the snap . 
  that 's disgraceful to be honest . 
  hahahaha good one !, 
  [ i feel so terrible but this every single time ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mxgnip4rmoi ), 
  glasses and a big old dick, 
  dublin , ireland . 
  `` but sir , is n't there * some * way we can work this out ? '', 
  fair play for wanting to get fit . 
  fuck those people who make fun of you . 
  who the fuck are they to talk ? 
  at least you 're there trying to better yourself . 
  if i saw anything happening like you described i 'd stick up for you and i ca n't be the only one . 
  do n't let dick heads like that put you down . 
  you should go in there with a chip on your shoulder and in a few months time when they see how much progress you 've made they wo n't be calling you fatty any more . 
  sure do, 
  21/m/ireland . 
  i have family in jersey and am visiting them this year just because there 's a chance i might see ollll ' sipsy, 
  * leg penis, 
  they 're to be worn for the first 24 hours and then while sleeping for a week . 
  obviously i 'm not driving the car haha, 
  but anything divided by zero gives you zero, 
  that last comment gave me a good laugh, 
  very interesting . 
  i may read one of the books you quoted as sources . 
  thanks for the reply, 
  i enjoyed never getting hungover . 
  by god how that 's changed, 
  i was thinking of going with this case . 
  i think after reading your review i will, 
  download an app called `` shrinkstorage '' and follow the instructions . 
  it might clear some space for you but then again might not . 
  you can only hope !, 
  there 's a dog in the playground !, 
  a dog . 
  in the fucking playground !!!, 
  i got ta say , sips ' sign placing has n't been the best in this series, 
  i have been looking for an app that contains formulas and can work out bmds and sfds for ssbs . 
  i have n't been able to find one so was considering trying to make one after i finish exams this month . 
  i have very little knowledge of any coding language so this could be a little ambitious !, 
  i ca n't find it on the market place . 
  i 'm in ireland, 
  yeah you are, 
  edit for clarity - you can connect with users across all platforms, 
  yeah phones wo n't do a great job of that . 
  most phones are about f2 .2 which is fairly shit for taking pictures of star trails etc, 
  i 'm sorry but ... the harry potter books, 
  i 'm all for pointing out what a play you made but a calmer approach would have been way cooler imo . 
  not a fan of his loudmouth at all, 
  loving cool tiles so far . 
  i wish they could add more shortcuts though, 
  well no , it 's just his attitude in general . 
  he shit talks about everybody . 
  it 's not just his heat of the moment interview, 
  fucking best thing i ever did . 
  i got it done a year ago . 
  i still wake up sometimes say to myself `` fuck , i can see ! '', 
  i came way too fast, 
  yeah , the notebook, 
  when people do this to me in work i hand back their change on the counter too . 
  they soon learn, 
  when on an escalator if you feel the need to just stand there then stand on the left so there is room on the right for people to walk up . 
  try these ... 
  the ability to be wide awake instantly, 
  ah ok . well i 'll have to give it a couple more weeks . 
  i 've been off college so have been playing a lot of games and stuff at home . 
  i 'm coming from a non smart phone so i 'm used to 3 day battery life !, 
  well i see he apolgised which is decent of him, 
  i noticed this on my lumia 1020 and just thought it was my eyes acting up in the dark,
