  i 'm really enjoying my golf and plan to stick with it . 
  however , i ca n't seem to hit consistently straight shots with my irons . 
  how does my swing look in the above video ? 
  the shot in the video went reasonably straight although hooked to the left slightly . 
  you can also see that i caught a lot more earth than i wanted to which slows down my swing . 
  thanks for any responses . 
  thanks . 
  i 'll try and get a back pov up during the week next time i play, 
  he 's not a rookie !, 
  he 's in his second season, 
  wo n't be on gamepass . 
  i have all 5 episodes downloaded so i 'll try and upload them somewhere and give you a link . 
  you can also torrent them from piratebay, 
  they 're very easy to find . 
  that would be easier for both of us !, 
  if you ca n't find a particular episode give me a shout, 
  stuff like this is why i subscribed to sips ' channel . 
  tony bateman , the lonely but self assured clown . 
  ah brilliant . 
  i just figured out would n't be since it 's a hbo show . 
  enjoy !, 
  great job !, 
  you should post this to / r/diy, 
  who 's going to pay for something like this if it 's not code compliant ? 
  i would hope the company have thought of that, 
   almost had an orgasm, 
  i 'm only 22 so not really old . 
  but seeing the difference in my 10 year brother 's and my childhood really makes me feel like times have changed, 
  my dog likes to shit then move 2 feet and shit again . 
  i would stop the extinction of the dinosaurs because then we could have real life jurassic park, 
  op 's mum when she sits on my face, 
  i was once cycling my bike and trying to tap the bollards on the path with my foot . 
  i ended up hitting my shin off one so i told my parents that i had scraped it on the pedal of my bike . 
  [ this is interesting to listen to ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hbfz6m-bwrm ), 
  was at a party about 5 years ago and one girl punched another girl off a wall . 
  everyone always talks about it but i never got to see it, 
  read this as `` she was 8 '', 
  lip contact, 
  i did n't know louis theroux was into finance, 
  nearly every other developed country charges for water . 
  we 're getting upgrades to our water infrastructure . 
  why are people so opposed to water charges ? 
  if you 're careful with how you use your water then you wo n't be charged anyway . 
  is n't lamar holmes still shit ? 
  i do n't like this idea . 
  i actually think it would just become a circlejerk with comments like `` we hate you guys but damn do we respect you '' . 
  fuck that, 
  i got the camera yesterday and after playing around with it i 'm not very impressed . 
  this footage was shot at 720p 120fps . 
  i expected higher quality video based on other videos i 've seen online . 
  is my camera faulty or are my expectations just too high ? 
  i 'm using gopro studio and windows movie maker, 
  the resolution . 
  it just does n't look as sharp as i expected . 
  i could hear rain in the background so probably england or ireland, 
  wow this really puts it into perspective . 
  thank you both !, 
  thanks . 
  i looked at some youtube videos on flipping the club and most suggested that there was an underlying reason why i was doing it . 
  if you could have a look and see if you can figure out why i would greatly appreciate it !, 
  yeah i already blast the ball so i guess if i 'm hitting right it will go even further !, 
  thanks for the advice , i 'll try getting used to the feeling on the range at the weekend although i think there could be a reason i feel i need to flip the club . 
  thanks , i 'll do that next time, 
  thank you , that 's certainly a good place to start until i can afford proper lessons . 
  first thing i would say is it is pretty confusing to look at . 
  the sidebar does n't seem to be well ordered at all, 
  your posts are well written and well laid out . 
  some interesting content too, 
  i 'm going through the process at the moment and had my aosb briefing a couple of months ago . 
  from what i saw of other applicants the traditional toff toffington stereotype could n't be further from the truth . 
  there were all sorts of people there and the truth is that the army does n't care what your background is , as long as you fit their criteria and are right for the job . 
  re or mercian . 
  thanks , i have main board in january !, 
  good luck to you too if you decide to apply . 
  yeah i just graduated with a btech in civil engineering . 
  yeah any questions you have feel free to give me shout . 
  make ducks horse sized and horses duck sized, 
  you should post this to / r/rockbusters, 
  brilliant . 
  another load off my mind haha, 
  but it wo n't feel like a proper session unless i wake up realising i spent ridiculous amounts of money the night before ... 
  i do n't mean that i 'm going on some hippy journey to `` find myself '' or whatever . 
  it 's more along the lines of what / u/bitterweasel is saying . 
  after talking it over with my family i am going to go on the trip . 
  they think it 's the best thing to do and despite everything i still want to go . 
  thanks man . 
  it 's due to this advice that i 'm going to go . 
  so glad i found this sub . 
  i 'm in hoi an at the moment and am planning on renting a bike to head up to hue in a couple of days . 
  i 've been quoted $ 20 which seems fair enough . 
  my question is what 's the bet route to take ? 
  and also do you know where i could get a road map in hoi an ? 
  also i have biked quite a bit in vietnam so far so that wo n't be a problem , i 'm used to their way of driving, 
  thanks man , looks handy enough on the map . 
  if you 're getting a suit made in hoi an go to either kimmy , yali or adong silk . 
  these are all pretty reputable tailors . 
  i was also told not to get shoes made . 
  if i were you i 'd skip halong bay and go straight to cat ba island . 
  from there you can rent kayaks around lan ha bay which is just as beautiful and not nearly as full of tourist boats as halong . 
  the weather was brilliant !,
