  i was alarmed at how dark it still was . 
  maybe the sun had fallen out of the sky and i was the only one left . 
  my imaginative thinking was soon interrupted when i tried to bring my hand up to rub my eyes . 
  as i 'd lifted my hands up from my side they 'd hit the ceiling . 
  i tried to sit up and i bumped my head on the ceiling . 
  `` what the fuck ? '' i thought to myself . 
  i kicked my legs up . 
  i hit the ceiling . 
  i spread my arms out . 
  i hit the wall . 
  i was starting to panic . 
  i could my breathing getting heavier . 
  as i started taking deeper , heavier breaths i could feel the warmth of it reflecting off the ceiling , back into my face . 
  the one thing i was afraid of was being trapped in small space . 
  when i was 8 years old my mother and i had been trapped in a shopping centre elevator for 7 hours . 
  i knew i had to calm down . 
  my training had taught me that much . 
  there would n't be a lot of oxygen in here and i had to preserve what little oxygen i had . 
  i tried to relax . 
  i thought of the world outside and how beautiful and open it was . 
  my breathing slowed . 
  i began to take in my surroundings . 
  the box was wooden . 
  however , it was n't the sturdy type of wood that a coffin is normally made from . 
  the box , not coffin , was made from plywood . 
  i pushed up on the lid . 
  to my amazement it flexed a little !, 
  i knew i was n't trapped underground . 
  i was relieved , naturally . 
  i started to push harder on the lid . 
  i kept pushing and pushing and eventually i was hitting it . 
  the wood was starting to split . 
  eventually my hand went through . 
  my breathing must have heated up the man sized box i was in because when my hand broke through to the other side the air was cold . 
  and it was still . 
  and it was dark -- there was no light coming in through that hand sized hole . 
  i withdrew my hand and lay still in the box , letting the cold air flow in and wash over me . 
  as i lay there i noticed the silence . 
  it was deafening . 
  i could only hear my own breathing . 
  i imagined that in the past 5 minutes i had made quite a racket breaking out of the box . 
  but now , there was just complete silence . 
  i suddenly began to feel quite vulnerable . 
  i lay dead still . 
  i could hear my heart beating and my breathing was shallow . 
  i was n't panicking but i was anxious . 
  i decided to lie there for just a few more minutes in the safety of my box . 
  and that 's when i heard a faint scratching sound . 
  it continued for maybe minute and then changed . 
  it sounded similar to the sound i knew i must have made only minutes ago when i was trying to break out of my box . 
  suddenly the crack of splintering plywood filled my ears . 
  it echoed for a few seconds and then there was silence again . 
  `` fucking piece of shit ! '' i screamed . 
  the broken washing machine stared back at me blankly . 
  i felt like somehow the washing machine had known what it was doing when it decided to squirt all over me . 
  as i stood there shivering i knew that i needed clean clothes . 
  i was starting a new job the next day . 
  i ran upstairs to try and find some spare clothes . 
  since it was the middle of july i was n't really too enthusiastic when all i could find was the jumper that grandma had knitted for me 6 years ago . 
  and even though the orange cargo shorts fit the season , i was n't really too keen on them either . 
  however , i did n't have much choice . 
  i got dressed , walked straight past the mirror without pausing to see how ridiculous i looked , got into my car and set off to the electronics store . 
  after a quick browse at all of the things i could be buying instead of a new fucking washing machine i went over to pick one out . 
  i chose a model that was recommended by the salesman and wandered towards the cash register . 
  as i was walking past the refrigerator section i felt a hand on my shoulder . 
  i turned around . 
  the man was dressed in a grey suit . 
  it fit him very well and was surely tailored . 
  he looked impeccable . 
  `` brent johnson , fashion police . 
  you 're under arrest for crimes against fashion . 
  you do not have to say anything but anything that you do say may later be relied upon in fashion court . 
  do you understand ? '', 
  i laughed aloud . 
  `` excuse me ? '', 
  `` you heard me sir . 
  now please put your hands behind your back . '', 
  `` i 'm sorry , i know my outfit is pretty horrendous but i do n't think there 's such a thing as the fashion police . '', 
  `` i will not ask you again , turn around and put your hands behind your back . '', 
  at this point , as you can probably imagine , i was very confused . 
  the fashion police were n't a real thing were they ? 
  things were about to get a lot more confusing . 
  `` are you serious ? 
  brent johnson whispered into his lapel . 
  `` charlie two-zero , we have an off-season lettuce hem resisting arrest , request backup , over . '', 
  the fridge door to my left burst open and i was tackled to the ground by another well-dressed man . 
  `` what the fuck are you doing ? 
  ! '' i screamed , `` get off me ! '' at this point i was squirming on the ground , trying to break free of my attacker . 
  `` sir , we can do this the easy way or the hard way . '' i tried to wriggle free again . 
  then everything went black . 
  when i woke up my neck was sore and i was tied to a chair . 
  i was surrounded by cardboard boxes , some open with odd sleeves and trouser legs hanging out of them . 
  the boxes were all labelled : `` christmas jumpers '' , `` sweater-vests '' , `` cowboy boots '' , the list went on . 
  where the fuck was i ? 
  i looked ahead and saw brent johnson looking at me . 
  hynes , we 're charging you with crimes against fashion in the first degree . 
  how do you plead ? '', 
  what the fuck kind of joke was this ? 
  was it one of those tv prank shows ? 
  `` i do n't know what you 're talking about '' i stammered .
