  have you had much success ? 
  if you know of any good thrift shops i 'd appreciate if you could let me know !, 
  i 've only been down to merchants market, 
  i 'm not sure much does set it apart . 
  looking at it again and after doing some research i think it 's a pretty cheaply made plastic one . 
  i work in supervalu . 
  will do ama ... 
  i watched one called the short game a few weeks ago . 
  it basically follows the best child golfers in the world at the world championships . 
  it 's a great doc, 
  i did n't expect it to be that deep . 
  fuck billy mitchell , he came across like such a prick, 
  except if you 're asleep the smoke will kill you long before the heat of the fire does . 
  it 's a disgrace joe, 
  it 's not photoshop, 
  i have been tested by the army and i failed the isihara test and also the farnsworth lantern test . 
  i presume i 'd probably be colour blind by aviation standards too ? 
  i 'd love to do something in airport operations . 
  maybe something to do with logistics . 
  i originally thought ground crew but it does n't seem to be very well paid or with much job variety/opportunities for progression . 
  i 've tried to google all of this stuff but i 'm unsure where to start really . 
  do i look to individual airlines/freight handlers for jobs or is it the airport i apply to ? 
  i 've tried searching for jobs but all of them require a degree and prior experience . 
  where could i start ? 
  i 'm in ireland btw in case that helps, 
  nope , i applied this morning anyway , 
  also the word `` british '' refers to four different countries . 
  it 's not shopped . 
  google craig golias and check out his instagram feed , the picture is on there, 
  at the gym one day and my friend and i are benching . 
  this guy comes in wearing a hi-vis vest and carrying orange cones . 
  he proceeds to put the cones around a bench and squat rack and starts squatting . 
  then he 'd run around the gym and come back for a set on the bench . 
  at least he took some safety precautions i suppose . 
  people that do n't know how to drive on a motorway, 
  one direction each ? 
  the guy at the front has to brake and we all die in a 547 car pile up, 
  seriously ? 
  i 'm in ireland and most people here have a very low opinion of it, 
  went to the doctor with a bit of thrush . 
  ended up chatting first since i had n't been in a while . 
  we were talking about the fact i was studying engineering at the time and after a couple of minutes i told him the reason i was there . 
  he told me jump up on the table and get my john thomas out . 
  then he said `` do you know this is the 6th penis i 've seen today ? 
  i should have been an engineer . '', 
  for those who ca n't afford gamepass there is tenyardtracker . 
  it 's a torrent site and i 'm not sure how people feel about watching illegally but it 's another option for people, 
  either that or she says yes , it 's a win-win, 
  cos i know i have, 
  just do n't get them clothes . 
  i did my medical a few months ago and i was cp4 which is the worst kind of colourblind that the army can detect . 
  they told me certain jobs would be unavailable to me but they have yet to provide me with a list of those jobs and i have aosb briefing done !, 
  absolutely , you just might not be able to do certain jobs, 
  i do n't really agree with this . 
  i see a lot of naive people on facebook who do n't really know what 's going on and just see the whole situation as `` israel are bad '' and this kind of thing just reinforces that . 
  i agree that what israel are doing is unspeakable and is rightly being condemned but a lot of people just assume that israel are attacking gaza for no reason and this kind of thing from the exchequer bar just further entices people to be against israel with out really knowing what 's going on over there . 
  actually has to be a student travel card, 
  after you play astro and you 're getting in the shower take your socks off over the toilet so the little black things fall in, 
  lumia 1020 . 
  sick of the lack of apps . 
  the falling man i think it 's called . 
  it 's about a guy who jumped from the wtc and trying to find out who he is . 
  incredibly chilling, 
  when he said it it looked like he was waiting for a reaction from the staff, 
  steve miller band . 
  i 'll give you that one karl, 
  yeah , thanks !, 
  the other night i got home from a 10 hour shift . 
  it was 10pm and the house just behind mine were having a party . 
  i went to bed ( i sleep in the attic room ) thinking oh no big deal , they live in a built up area so they 'll be quiet soon . 
  well that did n't happen . 
  they had a dj who managed to play shit music on mega loud speakers the whole night . 
  anyway , it gets to about midnight and i 'm thinking this is getting a bit ridiculous now but i 'm 22 , i understand . 
  then 1am came and i was getting super pissed because the dj was obviously getting drunk so the music was getting louder and he was starting to say some pretty dumb stuff over the mic . 
  i eventually snapped and grabbed a satsuma that i had n't eaten earlier . 
  i got a sharpie and wrote `` shut the fuck up please '' on it and threw it into their yard . 
  they did n't notice because they did n't shut the fuck up . 
  about 2am i decided to go over there . 
  my neighbour has already called the police bit they had done nothing . 
  i got there and the owner of the house answered the door and to my surprise i realise that this is a 60th birthday celebration , wtf . 
  the owner asked what the problem was ( as if you did n't know you old slag ) . 
  i politely asked them to turn it down because it was very loud ( people in houses 300m away could hear it ) . 
  i went back home and got into bed . 
  15 minutes later i heard the dj come onto the mic and announce that they were moving the equipment inside because the neighbours are dry shites . 
  he then said the following ... 
  `` all the ladies go woooooo '', 
  `` wooooooooooooo '', 
  `` and all the lads go waheeeyy '', 
  `` and all the neighbours ... fuck off '', 
  i felt like punching the fucker and if i 'd had another satsuma to hand i 'd have thrown it, 
  in my experience yes , it 's awful . 
  i 've worked in one of the smaller supervalu 's for 3 years now and it 's awful . 
  the place is so poorly run you would n't believe it . 
  management are terrible and there is absolutely zero motivation to work there although i think that 's mostly musgraves fault . 
  the owner of the store is a penny pinching bastard who could n't give a shit about his staff . 
  to be fair i 'd say some of the bigger stores are a bit more tolerable because musgraves care more about them . 
  however , the store i work at is soul destroying and i 'm counting down the days until i can quit . 
   entrpreneur / digital nomad community, 
  do you mean freelance web designers etc ? 
  i 'm learning html/css and am wondering if web design would be a good way to sustain oneself in vietnam or asia in general .
