  much better than it currently is here in ireland, 
  what are you going to do in canada ? 
  i want to do the exact same thing !, 
  i 'm yours by jason mraz . 
  i just came back from travelling and the girl i was with had this set as her alarm . 
  it 's been stuck in my head for 2 weeks . 
  wow it must be 10 times worse being back after a year . 
  where did you go ? 
  i met some great people and ended up travelling with them for about 10 days before i had to come home . 
  i am struggling with the idea that the next time i travel i might not meet a group i like as much . 
  since you were gone for a year , can you reassure me that you meet great people that you get on with all the time ? 
  go to vietnam and buy a motorbike !, 
  renting kayaks in lan ha bay . 
  coming around the corner of one of the many limestone islands to see the most beautiful sunset . 
  i 've already started planning !, 
  everybody thinks i 'm still going off the high that i got when i was travelling and the idea of going away will fade with time but they have no idea what it 's like !, 
  occam 's razor, 
  bloody french bastards ... 
  they were usually around $ 4 - $ 6 per day . 
  easily available !, 
  thank you !, 
  thanks !, 
  mostly used the selfie stick . 
  when i was on the bikes i used the selfie stick when getting footage of myself . 
  the part at the start i used the head mount and the other bike shots were captured using the chest plate . 
  itt : `` no , i 've tried that and it did n't work . '', 
  masturbating makes you go blind, 
  i just came back from travelling in asia . 
  i have n't had a decent bowel movement in a couple of days because i 've introduced bread back into my diet . 
  i used to be a twice a day guy, 
  people that have received gold . 
  i did the canyoning in dalat and it was one of the highlights of the trip !, 
  it cost me about $ 1400 in total . 
  i did all of the tourist things and some activities like canyoning , kayaking and rock climbing . 
  also spent ~ $ 150 at the tailor in hoi an so if this is n't something that interests you you 'd probably save a bit there . 
  it could be done cheaper but you might not get to do everything you wanted to do . 
  definitely do n't skip phong nha , it was one of the highlights for me and one of my favourite places . 
  i would have loved a week in hoi an . 
  it 's such a nice town and you could really easily spend a week chilling out there . 
  also i would recommend going to cat ba island and kayaking lan ha bay rather than doing a halong bay tour . 
  they 're really expensive if you want something decent and lan ha bay is exactly the same but with less tourists !, 
  i also did a motorbike tour with easy riders from dalat to nha trang which was amazing . 
  it 's pretty pricy ( i got them down to $ 50 per day with my own bike ) but it is definitely worth the money . 
  you get to see a lot of the country that other people do n't see . 
  any more questions about specific hostels/tour companies then feel free to ask !, 
  yeah it was a really great experience . 
  on average we rode for about 4 hours a day . 
  it 's broken up quite well - you stop at a lot of places and the guides know their stuff . 
  i 'd definitely say it 's worth doing , i even would have paid the $ 75 they were originally asking for . 
  i still have the business card of the guide i had if you would like his details . 
  really it 's down to you . 
  just before i went solo travelling my grandad got very sick and was basically on his death bed the day before i left . 
  i posted here about it . 
  the majority of people said i should stay with my family ( much like the majority are saying take the job to you ) . 
  i ended up going and do n't regret it what so ever . 
  moral of the story is only you really know what you want . 
  at the end of the day you 're in a good position which ever choice you make and i 'm sure you wo n't regret the decision . 
  my family said i should go and the my grandad would have wanted me to . 
  i would tell them and ask them what they think . 
  although i think you would have told them already if you wanted to take it !, 
  rayman was fucking impossible, 
  anchorman, 
  i would like to visit every country on the planet, 
  the last question by isaac asimov . 
  99.9 % of us are completely average . 
  you ca n't do anything you want if you put your mind to it , you 're average . 
  i would be her dildo, 
  it snows a lot and the vikings, 
  i 'd kill hitler yo, 
  travelled with two canadians recently and could n't believe they 'd never heard of this . 
  i thought it was one of the most famous christmas songs of all time, 
  earthlings , i speak to you now as martian . 
  i do n't think i 'd ever find them . 
  they did n't have the motherboard . 
  they gave me the phone back put together and when i asked what happened to the motherboard they said they did n't know , anything could have happened but it 's too small to tell . 
  i have all the parts so that 's good . 
  it 's a chain but the person that gave me the replacement iphone was the owner and he was pretty dismissive and rude when giving me the phone . 
  i doubt he 'll be much use unfortunately . 
  there is n't an official one in my area ( dublin ) as far as i know . 
  also i dropped the phone so the warranty does n't cover anything as far as i 'm aware . 
  yeah they just gave me back the whole phone . 
  i presume the motherboards is inside the phone and i do n't know how to open it to check for damage . 
  may try that first though . 
  yeah i think that would be the equivalent . 
  what 's the name of the course you did ? 
  i 'm only considering it at the moment but was thinking about celta just to have the best chance possible of getting a job . 
  if you could post an update that would be great . 
  i have a friend in south korea at the moment but it 's really difficult to get in touch with him !, 
  [ this ] ( http://imgur.com/ycpwa0e ) was taken in vietnam on an iphone 4 during one of the best few days of my life . 
  that 's why it 's my favourite image of the year, 
  you 'd spend more than 500 a month in sea and probably more than 1000 in eastern europe, 
  i spent $ 1600 in a month . 
  how did you only spend $ 6000 in a year ? 
  link ? 
  it 's in spanish though . . 
  i love him so much, 
  why are there so many different scales that tell you the difficulty of a climb ? 
  i could understand maybe european and american versions but there seem to be at least 8 or 9 different scales . 
  also i feel like an idiot for asking this but when top roping how does the rope get to the top ? 
  does somebody have to lead climb first ?
