  i do n't like what he said about him and smith miss-assessing the o-line . 
  then he goes on to say he thinks they 're very capable but just did n't develop as fast as the coaching staff thought they would have . 
  that kind of worries me, 
  i have n't , unfortunately i was on my phone when posting this . 
  thanks though , i 'll be sure to check them out, 
  already submitted on / r/lumialens but ah well, 
  picture of my dog taken on 1020 http://i.imgur.com/s9mnzxx.jpg, 
  who matt throws to is n't based exclusively on chemistry . 
  stop making such a silly argument . 
  at the moment , the chemistry matt has with roddy outweighs how much better of a player julio is than roddy . 
  i love roddy as much as the next guy but julio is better than him . 
  i think an injury free year will see julio become one of the best receivers in the nfl . 
  top 3 maybe but top 5 for sure, 
  what does the bass filter do ? 
  it 's set at 100hz and 200hz . 
  does it filter out all sounds below those frequencies ? 
  surely that would just cut out a lot of the bass ? 
  roddy is n't better than julio , i 'm sorry but he just is n't . 
  sure he 's consistent but that does n't make him better . 
  roddy is a great receiver but if you asked me to pick between the two it would be julio every time, 
  the sky in dublin last week, 
  picking my nose on the bus, 
  no escape from reality, 
  i 'd love to see sips play lba2 . 
  it 's such a fun game , i think he 'd really enjoy it, 
  nokiamusic is great . 
  i only just realised you could do an artist mix which is a great feature, 
  hmm no screenshots on 6snap ? 
  one star !, 
  would you americans be pissed if the superbowl kicked off 2 hours earlier so us europeans would n't have to stay up all night ? 
  but once the play starts then it 's mostly in favour of the offense, 
  he would because i can kick a ball really high into the air, 
  coming from ireland where it 's illegal , abortion i hope . 
  this country can be so backwards sometimes, 
  i love that shiny head, 
  being from ireland it was hard to pick . 
  my uncle lives in boston so when i decided i wanted to start following a team i picked the patriots . 
  however , leading up to the 2011 draft i 'd heard a lot about julio jones and when atlanta traded up to get him i started to follow them . 
  then i found out how great roddy , tony g ( yeah i know ) and matt were and thought this is the team for me . 
  been following since and despite the shitty season last year i think the falcons are one of the best organisations in the nfl ( debatable atm with the whole tony g saga ), 
  how do i share a gif created in nokia cinemagraph ? 
  spoon was about the closest we had last year . 
  even when he was injured he was giving speeches and trying to fire guys up, 
  how did you keep the phone dry ? 
  that 's the only thing stopping me trying one of these, 
  hi bill , just a simple question from me . 
  what phone do you have ? 
  `` and the crowd goes wild , especially the ladies ! '', 
  i missed him by about 10 minutes but david beckham is really cool . 
  when i was 7 years old i was on a tour at old trafford ( where manchester united play ) and i had just left the club store . 
  there was a group of about 100 cub scouts on the same tour as my family and i. 
  we met them later on and the leader told us that just after we had left david beckham came into the store and spent an hour signing stuff and talking with all the kids . 
  also snuck backstage at wavefront in chicago this summer and met nicolas jaar . 
  he was really cool and we hung out for like 20 minutes taking pictures and chatting . 
  really nice guy, 
  so stone cold steve austin stole your dog ? 
  did this and it turns out that the video for some reason does n't play well and appears to have lost quality when it 's played in vlc media player . 
  otherwise it works fine which is strange . 
  currency converter . 
  it will get used when i travel ... one day, 
  i 'm unfortunate that my voice is at the exact same frequency as general background noise in a pub, 
  and as a result the baldy fat bouncer industry would take a massive hit, 
  yeah just to confirm it was shot on a lumia 1020 . 
  only poor quality in vlc which indicates it 's not the video going onto the pc that 's the problem but it 's vlc . 
  thanks for the replies, 
  appreciate the effort but text wall hurts my eyes, 
  not a bank but this happened in a store i work at . 
  so i work in a small newsagents which used to get robbed quite a lot . 
  the tills ( checkouts ) are right beside the door and it would happen maybe 2 or 3 times a month where people would run in when the till was open , grab some cash and then run straight out . 
  so one of the guys who worked in the shop , he was n't the brightest . 
  he was a bit fat and really did n't have a lot going for him . 
  it did n't seem like much went his way , especially not on this day . 
  we 'll call him nathan . 
  anyway , so one day these guys come into the shop . 
  this is no normal robbery however . 
  it 's two men with guns . 
  and who happens to be the only person working ? 
  yep , it 's nathan . 
  so they walk up to his till and tell him to hand over what 's inside it . 
  of course , nathan obliges , the two men leave and nathan calls the police and the owner of the store is notified . 
  so when both police and owner get there they have to go through the cctv footage . 
  nathan is quite obviously shook up . 
  he was sweating and looked apprehensive . 
  who would n't ? 
  he 's just had a gun pointed in his face . 
  but , unfortunately , looking at the cctv is something that has to be done as soon as possible . 
  so they go into the back and start going through the cctv . 
  however , while they are fast forwarding through the footage they see nathan making the same suspicious movements throughout the day . 
  they rewind the footage and play it at normal speed only to observe nathan eating a chocolate bar . 
  the owner goes out to the till area and finds two empty boxes of kitkats . 
  he returns to the back area to see that nathan is now sitting looking down at the ground like a naughty puppy that 's just pee 'd all over the carpet . 
  the owner looks at him and proceeds to tell him that he has to let him go as he 's just stolen $ 50 worth of kitkats . 
  nathan had a gun shoved in his face and lost his job all within the hour . 
  things never went his way . 
  such an unlucky guy , i hope one day he 'll have a break , have a kitkat . 
  edit : spellz, 
  i 'd just jump around . 
  jump up jump up and get down . 
  can i just ask what the point of that navigation bar is ? 
  it seems to have the exact same buttons as the ones already on my phone .
