  thanks, 
  edit : forgot to mention that i 'm quite new at html/css so i 'm sorry if what i 'm asking is completely obvious !, 
  hi everybody !, 
  i recently attended an assessment process for the army which i passed . 
  however , some of the feedback they gave me was as follows :, 
  * in the group discussion i was n't loud enough and i have been told that i did n't project myself enough . 
  they said i came off as a little quiet . 
  * we did some group team building exercises ( moving things over obstacles using planks/ropes etc. ), 
  in order to assess our teamwork skills . 
  i have been told that i contributed some good ideas but was n't the focus of the group and did n't really show any leadership potential as i was n't outspoken enough and thus did n't really influence the group . 
  * we had to give a 2 minute intro talk about ourselves and mine was a little flat and lacked sufficient projection . 
  basically , i came off as a little quiet which may have been down to nerves as i am quite talkative in normal situations . 
  although i passed , i am doing another similar although more rigorous assessment in 4 months time . 
  basically what i would like to know is how i can become more influential when speaking among a group and how i can practice projecting my voice and opinions in a more forceful way . 
  thanks for any help . 
  if anybody is interested [ this video ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lph0l0xam5c ) shows what i will have to do at the upcoming assessment . 
  thanks again . 
  i know the big bastard likes city-building games and most of you probably do as well . 
  there 's a game called citybound that 's being developed currently by an independent dev . 
  it looks like it could be a true successor to sc4 . 
  the game looks wonderful and the dev interacts hugely with the potential players of the game . 
  i just thought a lot of people here might be interested in such a game !, 
  check out / r/citybound for more info . 
  so i already know quite about beer/spirits , mainly because i drink them . 
  however , i find wine disgusting ( sorry ) but i would like to know a bit about what we sell so i have a couple of questions that i could n't really find a clear answer to in the faq . 
  * how much variance will there be in two bottles of wine that are made with the same grape . 
  does the region * really * make that much difference ? 
  for example , is there a big difference in a canto novo pinot grigio and a jacobs creek pinot grigio ? 
  * blossom hill is one of our best sellers . 
  however , they do n't say the type of grape they use on their bottle . 
  they call their bottles things like `` crisp and fruity '' etc. 
  why do they do this and what types of grapes are the equivalent to their name convention ? 
  * which kinds of red wine should be drank cold ? 
  i know most whites should be drank cold . 
  are there any exceptions to this ? 
  * what are some of the nicest , more common wines around as of now ? 
  i know there are hundreds of different wines but if you give me some of the more common ones i 'm sure we 'll sell at least a few !, 
  thanks for any help , i 'm looking forward to sounding like a wine connoisseur . 
  i no longer live in the uk but have a vested interest in what goes on there as i consider myself to be english . 
  how can i make sure that i am allowed to vote whilst residing in the republic of ireland ? 
  hi all . 
  i 'm going on my first solo trip on 22nd oct. and am going to vietnam . 
  i will arrive in hcmc . 
  i hope to spend about 4 days there and then make my way through the mekong delta to phu quoc for some scuba diving . 
  i 'm just wondering how long i should spend travelling through the mekong delta . 
  i need to book scuba diving in phu quoc and i 'm not sure how long i should allocate to travel from hcmc as i would like to see some of the surrounding towns etc on the way to phu quoc . 
  also what is the best way to travel through the mekong delta ? 
  i would love to cycle it but i 'll have a large backpack with me so unfortunately i do n't think it 'll be possible . 
  thanks for any help, 
  i 'm going on my first solo trip to vietnam in less than 3 weeks and have a couple of questions . 
  * i 'm only going for 4 weeks so it 's not worth bringing my laptop . 
  i am bringing my gopro and am worried about storage . 
  i have 1 64gb memory card which i 'm worried may not be enough . 
  should i buy another or is there some way that you can store footage/photos captured ( uploading to cloud storage etc. ), 
  * should i bring usd or vnd ? 
  i wo n't be bringing all of my money in cash . 
  i presume that the atms dispense vnd so is it best to just stick to one currency while there ? 
  i live in ireland so i would need to convert eur to usd/vnd . 
  * lonely planet says to book your visa through sites like [vietnamvisachoice.org ] ( http://www.vietnamvisachoice.com/ ) but the embassy website says pay on arrival visas can be unreliable . 
  what are your experiences with visas ? 
  thanks for any help, 
  hi all . 
  i 'm embarking on my first solo travel trip on wednesday 22nd october and am having some money worries . 
  there have been quite a few unforeseen expenses that i 've incurred in the last few days and i 've had no option to pay them . 
  this has left me with some pretty depleted savings . 
  basically i 've worked out that as of 24th october i 'll have a little over $ 1000 . 
  this is after i have paid my visa entry fee and for a hostel for 3 nights . 
  i 'm going to be in vietnam for 1 month before returning home . 
  i would have liked to have a bit more money saved and am just wondering if this will be enough . 
  i 've worked out that i 'll have an average of $ 35 per day . 
  thanks for any help . 
  as the date gets closer i 'm getting more nervous and worrying about money does n't help !, 
  my grandad has been sick for the past few months but he has recently deteriorated . 
  the hospital has told us there is nothing they can do and have sent him home so he will not be alive by the time i return from my month long trip . 
  my family have told me that i should go and when i cancelled a holiday in june because my grandad got sick he was upset so i think he would want me to go . 
  i want to go away as well as i feel i need an experience like this for my personal development more than anything . 
  this will be my first solo trip and i have been looking forward to it , although slightly nervous . 
  however , i know i wo n't see him alive again and it hurts me to leave my family at a time like this . 
  my mum ( his daughter ) is telling me it 's my decision but i can tell she does n't want me to go . 
  i know it will be hard on her losing her father and then not having her son here and worrying about me , as mothers do !, 
  i 'm just wondering if anybody else has been in a similar situation . 
  i 'm not sure what it will be like being alone in a foreign country dealing with the death of a close family member . 
  thanks for any replies . 
  i broke the screen on my lumia 1020 two weeks ago and sent it to be repaired . 
  it 's still not ready and i 'm going away for a month so they have me an iphone 4 to use and it is the worst contraption i 've ever used . 
  what i miss about my lumia, 
  * it 's incredibly fast compared to this thing . 
  there 's lag even as i type on this god awful keyboard, 
  * apps such as 6snap and 6tag are waaaaay better than the official ones, 
  * swype keyboard on windows phone is amazing !, 
  i really took it for granted, 
  * windows phone start screen is so pretty and simple to use, 
  * finally , and most of all , i miss my camera . 
  it was such a beast for a phone . 
  the iphone camera is not only poor but takes an age to open, 
  long story short i will not be taking my lumia for granted when i eventually get it back !, 
  there are so many shops with different people recommending different places . 
  the best place atm seems to be kimmy . 
  can anyone recommend somewhere with a good mixture of price and quality ? 
  thanks !,
