  i 'd have screwed the top off and spat in it, 
  i would n't get 2 lessons in a week . 
  if you 're a beginner you do n't really want to be overloaded with information and as you 'll be making big changes it might take a couple of weeks before they start to feel natural . 
  no point going for a lesson if you have n't been able to really work on what you learnt in the last one . 
  i do n't know what it is but i know it 's getting pretty annoying . 
  it was funny at first but now it 's just repetitive . 
  fuel my ego !, 
  i want to catch 'em all, 
  i 'd like to see the field goal taken in line with where the td was scored , like conversions in rugby . 
  you should get a vpn and watch on masters.com . 
  it 's a lot more tolerable !, 
  i read this sub regularly and when a beginner asks about improving the top reply always suggests they get a lesson , not read a book . 
  thanks, 
  download a vpn , set your location to uk and watch it on the bbc website . 
  the masters site also shows it but it has n't been working for me . 
  is a life sentence not 15 years ? 
  even worse are the cunts that think it 's ok to just sit in the middle lane regardless of what the traffic around them is doing, 
  why does turkey deny the genocide ? 
  it happened 100 years ago so it 's not like we can blame the current government or anyone else in the country for what happened, 
  maester aemon ? 
  wtf no , of course not . 
  when did i ever suggest something like that ? 
  to be honest i 'm not sure what the solution is or even if most people feel the same way . 
  i just wanted to voice my opinion . 
  i 'm still going to watch whatever he puts out whenever i can but i just wanted get my thoughts out onto the sub . 
  it is used for feedback after all . 
  personally i 'd like less stream and more youtube content . 
  however , i understand that i 'm probably not the majority and it 's kind of selfish of me to try and push for more of the content that i want . 
  just to make it clear to everyone , i 'd never want you to stop doing something that other people are enjoying just because it might not suit me or others in my situation . 
  i just miss getting episodes of series ( especially c : s ) 2 times a week or whatever it was at and i just wanted to let you know . 
  at the end of the day i still enjoy your content and i 'll continue to watch what i can . 
  i know i 'm saying all this stuff but not coming up with a solution which is n't the best really so apologies for that . 
  thanks , you put it a lot better than i think i did . 
  i 'd love to sit down and watch the stream back but it would take up my whole evening . 
  get in about 7 , watch 2-3 hours of stream . 
  then make my lunch for the next day and go to bed . 
  that 's before i 've cooked dinner or anything although i could have it playing at i do that but still ... 
  oh definitely . 
  i love that we can post opinions and then directly interact with sips , it 's great . 
  self entitled just because i 'm posting my opinion ? 
  do one mate, 
  i knew there were highlight videos but was confused when i could n't see them on sips ' channel . 
  i did n't realise it was a fan uploading so thank you so much for doing so . 
  as somebody who ca n't watch the streams i really appreciate you doing taking the time to do this and i 'm sure others do as well, 
  i was climbing these exact rocks a few months ago . 
  hope you had as much fun as i did op !, 
  why does he say `` what is ... '' and then the answer ? 
  i live in ireland and ca n't even enter :(, 
  all of the powers were just as militaristic as each other . 
  britain and germany were competing in a huge naval arms race , france had the largest land army of the time while russia was getting ready to compete with the other european powers in terms of military force , which is the reason germany invaded france . 
  it 's unfair to say how militaristic the central powers were when all of the powers were just as military orientated as each other . 
  it paints the germans/austro-hungarians as the `` bad guys '' which is n't strictly true . 
  i 'm joining my first club next week as well , i ca n't wait !, 
  5 days a week after work - it 's going to be a good summer, 
  one of my friends swings like this as well and tears the skin off his thumb every time so that he ca n't play for another 2 weeks . 
  does that not happen to you ? 
  i tried swinging with the grip he has and i can see why his thumbs are in tatters after each round . 
  why did n't the ones who were dropped last time just tell everyone about the new enemy ? 
  the satansville entrance is like the gates to hell, 
  i wrap them in tinfoil after i make them and freeze them . 
  then i take one out the night before i want to eat it and let it defrost in the fridge . 
  the only thing i 've found is that sometimes they come out of the microwave and the tortilla is soggy . 
  i have n't been able to find out why, 
  sepp blatter really hates john oliver , that 's the real reason he resigned, 
  why does everyone make this so complicated ? 
  if you 're a student do something extra curricular that shows an employer you have a genuine interest in the field . 
  computer science ? 
  develop an app . 
  structural engineering ? 
  do a bit of research on different building methods . 
  anything to show your potential employer that you have an interest and are pro active . 
  after that you should ask your lecturer for a list of companies in the field you want to work and email every single one . 
  the big upper body is so they can generate more power . 
  think about if you 've ever tried to cycle your bike as fast as possible . 
  you can sort of pull on the bars to generate more downforce in your legs . 
  it 's hard to explain but if you 've ever tried to really cycle a bike fast you 'll see what i mean, 
   although if you 're 16/17 you can drink wine , beer or cider with a meal , provided you 're accompanied by an adult, 
  i too have seen the inbetweeners, 
  this is something that i 've always wanted to do but in ireland we do n't have thrift stores like you do in the u.s. 
  it 's a shame because it sounds like a lot of fun, 
  or in a tv show, 
  they usually cause some kind of damage though, 
  search for the last time this was asked and use one of the answered there, 
  i think the kind of organized chaos of european cities adds to their character . 
  i do n't really like american cities, 
  far away by jos\u00e9 gonzalez . 
  if you 've ever played rdr you 'll know it, 
  thanks !, 
  i found a [ video ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gqjqwptq6yo ) he did on it which was pretty explanatory . 
  does anybody here use aimpoint ? 
  i think most sane people would run away ... 
  exactly . 
  i would n't call his 85 the other day a fall from grace . 
  he had n't been like his former self for a couple of years now . 
  rory shot +9 on day 1 of the irish open . 
  not a fall from grace , just a bad day, 
  i hope the many faced men helps her kill trant . 
  he does deserve to die after all, 
  surely that 's obvious ... 
  the below average person needs to earn a below average wage to afford a below average property in dublin .
