  if you drink too much you get dizzy, 
  pavlovian conditioning, 
  well at least i know how to say fuck in french now, 
  wearing sunglasses indoors . 
  even worse in a nightclub, 
  edit : to the people with transitions/prescription sunglasses who do n't have their regular glasses with them - i am sorry, 
  edit 2 : and blind people, 
  he has some really good deep house [ 6 hour mixes ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qepfp9oozru ), 
  i 've had plenty of mdma but never felt the need to wear sunglasses , that just makes you stand out more . 
  the kind of clubs i go to are n't too strict on drug use and they wo n't kick you out just for being high . 
  although i could see how if you were in a club where the majority were n't on mdma/it was n't the norm then sunglasses might be a good choice . 
  it 's not really a thing in ireland though , you only ever see douchebags wearing sunglasses in clubs, 
  * piss, 
  is picture 13 you actually look kind of like aaron paul, 
  putting free stuff in cereal boxes, 
  mildly uninteresting , in fact, 
  itt : confused people from outside the us, 
  do we ? 
  i have n't seen them for years, 
  i got lasik and did n't have to do this . 
  not even one typo, 
  i 'll have to get me some coco pops then, 
  there 's a spot in my shower where all the water gather into a little pool . 
  it 's right beside the sliding door and i always kick the water onto the glass . 
  i do n't think it will ever get me killed but i might stub my toe one day . 
  i was doing roly polys down the road at 2am shouting sticks in a heavy east london accent, 
  was anybody else worried about the [ fire hazard ? 
  `` over to joe in the octagon '', 
  mcdonalds fries and strawberry milkshake . 
  i dropped a fry in there and ate it and it was delicious, 
  when somebody with wet shoes walks on a shiny floor like in a store or something and it makes that squeaky sound . 
  my teeth hurt just thinking about it, 
  a lot of these shows might turn out good . 
  in the uk there 's a show on channel 4 called gogglebox and it 's a reality show that just films people watching tv . 
  you might think that sounds boring as shit but it 's actually one of the funniest shows i 've ever seen, 
  lifeless planet will be good . 
  i like these types of games because we get sips ' take on things but people who have n't played the game also get to experience the lifeless planet storyline which so far seems really interesting, 
  it might be a bit much but what about a surveymonkey type thing where you can ask things you need feedback on and we 'll fill it out . 
  it would probably enable you to get a better idea of what the majority likes about your content, 
  mixed grip helps you grip more . 
  however , i watched a guy tear his bicep a few weeks ago when doing mixed grip and it did not look pleasant . 
  i now stick to double overhand and just use wraps . 
  i 'm not deadlifting to increase my grip strength and i 'm not going to use mixed grip after seeing a bicep injury like i did . 
  where 's malliciah goodman ? 
  he performed reasonably well last year iirc, 
  jorah 's eyes * do * pop !, 
  was on my phone earlier and it only showed the lb page for some reason . 
  thanks . 
  i 'm training twice a week but will be increasing that after finals . 
  it 's not an injury per se , it 's more my hands are getting tired really quick, 
  i actually got pins and needles in my thumb today so maybe that 's the problem . 
  i 'll try wrapping my hands looser next time and see if that helps, 
  honestly i try my best to punch correctly . 
  it 's hard to get used to clenching at certain times when you 're a beginner so i know my punches are n't perfect but these cramps are really painful so i think it might be something more than that . 
  the pain was n't so bad when i first started and was using to gloves provided at the club so i think it 's something to do with my gloves or my wraps as mentioned below, 
  you should post some of these to / r/britpics . 
  especially number 5 , i love that one . 
  what a beautiful man, 
  i would n't, 
  matt ryan is a sexy bastard, 
  aww :( i assumed you 'd see my flair and know that 's who i meant haha, 
  hester is n't a good receiver , he never has been . 
  all this talk of him coming in and bring a threat is a bit hopeful i think . 
  there are better # 4 receivers on our team than hester . 
  i know you said it already but the hester signing really surprised me too . 
  he 's not that good of a receiver and we definitely have some better # 4 receivers on our roster . 
  he could contribute in our return game but you do n't pay a guy $ 3m just to return kicks . 
  i do n't really get it . 
  maybe i 'm wrong and somebody can explain how he 'll be useful but i do n't understand the move , especially for the amount of money we 're paying . 
  i was also surprised that we did n't draft another oline . 
  the problem last year was depth and i do n't think we have decent depth there atm unless one of our udfa comes through and holmes or konz improve dramatically, 
  but who is walt jr. ? 
  but was n't tru the 7th best corner in the league overall ? 
  lol you 're so kooky !, 
  that looks ridiculously fun, 
  wipe your piss off the toilet seat !, 
  `` an nfl head coach and happy go lucky mafia don unite in an epic quest to protect what matters most . 
  freedom ... and matt ryan . '', 
  - tuesdays at 9et only on nbc, 
  there was a show called forth and long hosted by michael irvin that was kind of like that . 
  the prize was a spot at cowboys otas . 
  andrew hawkins was the runner up . 
  i ca n't remember who won , i do n't think he 's in the league anymore, 
  i was smiling and laughing for the whole 2:06 . good work ya bastard, 
  fucking oaksworth, 
  the inspiration for this question came today when somebody said to me `` people who live in grass houses should n't throw stones '', 
  wait , he actually got a scholarship to play beer pong ? 
  i thought he just meant he 'd be partying while on his football scholarship or something ... 
  this article is talking as if julio 's foot injury was serious . 
  i know it kept him out for a relatively long time but was n't it just a case of replacing the screw with a stronger one ? 
  or am i over simplifying things ? 
  also usually next to hodor, 
  i 'm guessing because that 's a really nice floor the op has and now he 's ruined it by putting screws through it, 
  you 're still alive so you ca n't be that bad at it, 
  toilet paper, 
  he did n't say breaking bad had anything to do with the gif , only that he could see flanders breaking bad . 
   make due, 
  i came here to say that it looks like a really uncomfortable place to sit but now i realise you are a clever man, 
  no no , to be fair to karl , that one does sort of work ricky . 
  yeah i do n't think i 'll have much success on adverts.ie !,
