  i 've tried many times to deload and start back at a light weight but once i start to progress to heavier weights my form starts to go . 
  i feel as if the risk for injury is n't worth it . 
  i am also curious as to whether i should replace back squats with front squats entirely . 
  my shoulders are pronated and i have lower back lordosis ( i have a duck arse ) and i have read that front squats can help with both of these posture issues . 
  anyway , if you could critique my routine i would be grateful . 
  i do n't have a lot of time in the gym per session so i just hope that what i 'm doing currently will give me the most bang for my buck or if there is anything else you would add . 
  why did ser barristan and the kings gaurd allow joffrey to sit on the throne ? 
  he read the letter that robert had written naming ned the protector of the realm so why did he listen to cersei and joffrey if he 's supposed to be loyal to the king ? 
  i 'm using annotative scaling however autocad does n't seem to be set to display annotative objects by default when i load a project . 
  it 's not a big deal to turn annotative objects on on a single drawing but when i have 20 or so drawings to load up and then print it can be a bit tedious . 
  how do i set autocad so that annotative objects are on by default in paper space ? 
  thanks . 
  a couple of months ago i posted saying that i 'd been playing for a few months and i was low 90s . 
  well , being new to golf i did n't really understand the difference between a good and bad course . 
  i joined a semi-private club a couple of weeks ago and the difference between that course and the one i played before is huge . 
  smaller fairways , fairway bunkers that are actually in play , faster greens , greens with more break , blind tee shots . 
  it 's crazy . 
  i feel as if i 'm playing a different game and i have n't broken 100 yet . 
  makes me think that i 'm not as good as i thought i was . 
  golf is hard !, 
  edit : some of the responses here are amazing . 
  at least some people have imagination - my friends and i could think of nothing, 
  here for a couple of days and wanted to see london from high up at night . 
  we tried to book the sky garden in the walkie talkie but it 's booked out . 
  are there any other good ways to see the city from high up that are reasonably priced ? 
  boomerangs , frisbees etc, 
  i 'm not really sure what it 's called but during the football world cup in 2014 my friends and i did a thing where we each put in $ 10 and drew out 2 teams and two players . 
  whoever had the winning team and top goal scorer got half of the pot each . 
  looking to do a similar thing for the rwc this year as we 're more into rugby . 
  it would be cool to have more categories etc but i think it might be hard to keep track of . 
  are any of you planning on doing something similar ? 
  it would be cool to hear what you 're all doing to get you a bit more invested in some of the less important games . 
  [ removed ], 
  i get an hour for lunch but by the time i walk to the gym and shower etc i only have 40 minutes actual training time . 
  what 's the most efficient way to spend time in the gym that you know ? 
  i 'm trying to stack 3 images on top of each but it seems impossible to size them so they 're all of equal size . 
  i 'm trying to do something like the first page here http://imgur.com/a/qf2t4, 
  how can i get images to be equal across my screen ? 
  thanks, 
  i really need to improve my tackling within a 1mx1m box if that makes sense . 
  if somebody runs straight at me i can tackle superbly however it 's those confrontations in the backs where you 're trying to tackle somebody who steps a lot in a small area . 
  i nearly always get stepped as my feet are n't quick enough to react to the change of direction . 
  i 've tried to google drills but all i keep coming across is bloody dan cotterell who wants my money . 
  any help appreciated thanks, 
  my office has no internet . 
  we 're in marine house and we can not get internet . 
  we had some chappy internet which was very slow and when we inquired about getting efibre eircom told us it was n't available at our location ( i.e. 
  the middle of fucking town ) . 
  they eventually put in a line but our internet now is slower than before , ca n't even do a google search . 
  does anybody else 's office in the same area have this problem ? 
  i find it hard to believe that with the likes of google so close by there 's no decent internet in the area, 
  recorded the game on my living room tv but my dad has decided to be a prick and insist on watching the last harry potter , a film he 's an multiple times and we have on dvd . 
  anyway , would the full game be uploaded somewhere ? 
  thanks, 
  [ removed ], 
  background - i cum pretty fast . 
  it used to be a problem but then i learned the wonders of foreplay and it 's never been an issue as i feel comfortable enough that if my partner has gotten off then at least she 's leaving satisfied . 
  i actually really get off on hearing her orgasm/moan etc. 
  for the past few weeks i 've been dating a really nice m ` lady and we 've gotten to the point where we 're having sex . 
  except during foreplat i ca n't find her clit . 
  it 's making me anxious as i do n't feel like i 'm able to satisfy her . 
  it 's gotten to the point where i get so anxious about her not getting off and me cumming too soon that a couple of times i 've struggled to maintain an erection . 
  should i just ask her to show me where she likes to be touched ? 
  i 've tried communicating with her and asking her what she likes but her response was that she likes the experience of discovering each other and not letting everything out straight away which is fair enough i suppose . 
  should i come clean and tell her basically the contents of this post ? 
  thanks for any advice !, 
  apparently you go there to drink and paint . 
  do we have anything like that in ireland ? 
  [ removed ], 
  i have a lumix gx7 and i 'm trying to transfer images through the panasonic image app to my opo . 
  however the app says that my phone does n't support raw format . 
  is there a setting i have to enable or something ? 
  i 'll try and keep this short . 
  my girlfriend and i have been together for a few months . 
  for our entire relationship before last week we have n't used condoms and i 've came inside her every time we 've had sex ( she 's on the pill and we both know we have no stds ) . 
  my ejaculate never seemed to affect her but about a month ago her vagina started to get swollen after sex . 
  not to the point it 's painful but a bit uncomfortable ( she actually says it makes sex more intense ) . 
  we wondered what the cause was as for the first couple of months of our relationship this did n't happen . 
  she forgot to take her pill one day last week so we 've been using condoms since then and her vagina has n't been swelling up . 
  this kind of confirms it 's to do with my cum right ? 
  except this has never happened before a few weeks ago and also has n't happened to her with any other sexual partners . 
  could there be something in my cum specifically that causes this reaction or some kind of change in my body that would change the chemical make up of my cum ? 
  it 's really strange and we wondered if anyone else has had similar experiences . 
  thanks, 
  does anybody here use cads rc for rc detailing ? 
  i just opened a drawing i was working on yesterday and all of my bars have disappeared . 
  the ranges/labels are still there and i can even click into the label to see the bar shape code/dimensions etc. 
  my bars still appear on the schedule as well . 
  i have turned all layers on and made sure they are not frozen or anything like that . 
  i have also checked in the configuration centre that my bars are assigned to the correct layer . 
  this is very frustrating as i spent a good few hours on this drawing so i hope somebody can help !, 
  [ removed ], 
  here is a clip of what i 'm talking about https://soundcloud.com/lukebray/weird-lag, 
  the closed hats sound fine but the open hat has some weird distortion effect for some reason . 
  when i click the sample in the browser it 's fine but as soon as i drop it to the channel rack this happens . 
  i 've assigned it to a different mixer channel and set it to default but it still happens . 
  it 's incredibly frustrating as there seems to be no real logic as to wwhy it 's happening . 
  thanks for any help you can give . 
  in my example i have a number of participants ( x ) . 
  they each contribute a certain amount of money ( y ) into a pot ( z ) .
