  brent johnson sighed . 
  he walked towards me slowly , never breaking eye contact . 
  `` we are the fashion police mr. hynes , comprend\u00e9 ? 
  do you comprend\u00c9 ? '' he screamed , shaking me by the shoulders causing my chair to rock back and forwards . 
  `` you better lawyer up , '' he continued , `` because we 're coming for you . 
  and when we get you we 're going to fuck you . 
  you 're going down for a long time mr. hynes . '' i stared back at him blankly , still not knowing what the fuck he was talking about . 
  why not just say thousands of humans rather than hundreds of thousands of hamsters ? 
  it instantly tells us how big the cages are and removes any confusion, 
  just take it one day at a time . 
  have you ever seen the episode of friends where chandler is getting married and ross has to convince him to take small steps like just getting dressed because he 's so nervous ? 
  i know you made this post 11 hours ago but wake up early and just go for a walk around the city . 
  you 'll feel a lot better after that, 
  i pulled my hood over my head as the clouds opened and it started to drizzle . 
  not rain , drizzle . 
  the grey sky summed up the kind of day i 'd had . 
  in the morning alan and i had gone over the merger between hr and sales . 
  he seemed to think that it would be a good idea and he 'd had plenty of pie charts to back it up . 
  after my cheese sandwiches and tea i finished off the schofield accounts and began to walk home . 
  i passed one of the troublesome kids that lived on the estate and tried to avoid his menacing gaze . 
  as i continued to walk up the path towards my street i noticed something strange beside the bush at the wall . 
  it was n't strange enough to cause me to panic but it was definitely out of place . 
  i kept walking at the same steady pace and when i reached the object i was suddenly intrigued . 
  the briefcase had scuffed corners and the brass handle was worn , as if it had been carried a lot . 
  i picked the briefcase up and turned it over in my hands . 
  it was only about the size of an a3 piece of paper but it was quite heavy . 
  immediately i looked over my shoulder , making eye contact with the little shit who had obviously been watching me the whole time . 
  i did n't care . 
  i took the briefcase and continued on my way home . 
  as i burst in the front door my excitement peaked . 
  i was n't really sure why , it was probably just an old briefcase full of rocks but nevertheless , it was exciting . 
  at the time i thought that maybe i should submit a reddit post , like that guy did with the safe . 
  looking back , i 'm glad i had n't . 
  i walked through to my bedroom and sat the briefcase on the bed . 
  it made quite a substantial indent of the duvet due to the weight . 
  it took a little elbow grease to open the stiff mechanism but finally it gave . 
  i do n't really remember the moment that i realised what was inside . 
  i do remember the blood rushing to my ears , the sinking feeling in my stomach and my heart beating wildly . 
  i remember that i 'd emptied the contents of the briefcase and began to count them . 
  after a few minutes i had counted # 15,000,000 . 
  `` what the ... '' i had thought . 
  it was the kind of moral dilemma that people talk about at dinner parties . 
  you find a briefcase full of money , do you keep it or hand it in to the police ? 
  well , of course the sensible thing to do would have been to hand the briefcase in . 
  but this was a serious amount of money . 
  i would no longer be one of the shit-munchers in his shit-munching job . 
  i could quit and live somewhere exotic . 
  no , i should do the right thing . 
  that would be stealing . 
  obviously this money was n't legal . 
  who the fuck carries # 15,000,000 in cash in a briefcase and leaves it lying around ? 
  what kind of person would do that ? 
  well , a criminal of course . 
  surely they would be looking for their money . 
  maybe they 'd kill me . 
  yes , i had to go to the police . 
  i grabbed the briefcase , put on my coat and stepped outside into the drizzle . 
  as i set off at what some would call a frantic pace , it suddenly dawned on me that i had # 15,000,000 in my hands . 
  i suddenly felt very vulnerable . 
  as i turned the corner i noticed a black car parked across the road . 
  the windows were tinted but i could see the door opening . 
  as i slowed my pace i saw a black suited man stepped out and take in the surroundings . 
  of course , all of this happened in the space of about 3 seconds . 
  as soon as i saw that door opening and the man stepping out i had turned around and decided to take a less direct route to the police station . 
  i kind of feel ashamed posting this ... 
  i 'm one of the leading experts in breast cancer in the world . 
  i 've always been fascinated with breasts . 
  it started when i was a young boy and one of my school teachers showed me hers . 
  i do n't care how they look -- firm , saggy , droopy , perky , big , and small -- i do n't care , they 're all beautiful . 
  i love to watch them bounce , i love to touch them and , given the chance , i love to bury my face in them . 
  my love of breasts has even influenced my career choice . 
  i 've gone through 7 years at medical school just to be an oncologist . 
  16 years after qualifying here i am , about to make a discovery so great that it will shock the world . 
  my job had given me the opportunity to see and touch a lot of breasts . 
  part of my job is taking pictures of my patient 's breasts . 
  this is important for trying to diagnose the specific kind of breast cancer a woman may have . 
  it also helps us discuss the best options for surgery . 
  it also gives me great pleasure . 
  my patients do n't know it but this is my favourite part of the job . 
  as soon as a patient leaves the room i plug the camera into my laptop and copy the pictures to a usb stick . 
  then i take them home where i transfer them to my personal computer and begin to organise them by a number of categories i have determined over the years . 
  i spend hours looking at them when i 'm not on call . 
  sometimes i masturbate 6 times a day . 
  i know what i do is wrong but i do n't really care , i am helping these women -- i should be allowed to do what i want when it comes to their breasts . 
  there are two things i love about my job . 
  you know the first thing of course . 
  however , as strange as it sounds , i also love the fact that the breasts are cancerous . 
  it does n't turn me on or anything . 
  i like it because it gives me an excuse to work towards something that most of the population see as a good thing . 
  it 's the perfect alibi really . 
  you see , i have made it my goal in life to eradicate breast cancer because it is a terrible disease . 
  breasts are a beautiful part of a woman and i would like to see breast cancer cured for ever . 
  by now my team and i were close to a cure . 
  we were at the final stage of primate testing and so far we 'd been successful . 
  our new drug would be the most revolutionary discovery in medicine since fleming discovered penicillin . 
  i 'd cure breast cancer and i 'd get to save all those beautiful breasts from that terrible disease . 
  and the best thing is i wo n't have to find a new career . 
  women will still get breast cancer and they 'll always need experts like me to examine them . 
  i 'll get to keep taking pictures and they 'll never know a thing . 
  at least i 'm not a paedophile .
