  i always used to say itso facto rather than ipso facto, 
  depends what country you are from . 
  i came from ireland to chicago for a while and it was great to experience american culture . 
  i would n't live there though, 
  this comment, 
  realised it was something i enjoyed, 
  tell her you posted this thread and have a laugh with her at some of the replies, 
  that they are virgins, 
  when customers put their fucking change on the counter rather than into my open outstretched hand, 
  so we 'd basically all be part time workers ? 
   they 're children 's fiction, 
  i know plenty of adults ( myself included ) who 've read the hp books and thoroughly enjoyed them . 
  i felt a connection to most of the characters in the books and genuinely cared about what happened to them . 
  they 're page turners and i think you 're wrong to say they wo n't become classics . 
  the series as a whole will always be remembered as the most compelling of stories imo, 
  i think we 'll have video games that are remembered as classics as well as movies/books etc. 
  games like red dead redemption and fallout 3 will be remembered as classics . 
  it will be worth it when we win a superbowl and he is a key player in that squad . 
  the pick does n't have to pay dividends straight away but it will eventually and a lot of people would argue it already has . 
  that 's great , i 'm happy for dougie, 
  so what is it about a heavier fighter that allows them to resist more powerful punches ? 
  how does more weight give someone 's head more durability ? 
  generally ? 
  that gold is the greatest honor one can receive . 
  `` she had a face that looked like it was set on fire and put out with a shovel '', 
  `` you 've got a minge like a split tennis ball '', 
  `` as the midwife said to your mother - `` this is going to get ugly '' '', 
  `` you 've got a minge like a split tennis ball '', 
  that macaroni and cheese in the packet . 
  it 's all goopy and sticky and the noise it makes is horrible, 
  they are all active military but the firearms are n't loaded, 
  keep it in the fold on your socks or if you wear undershorts keep in tucked in the bottom of them . 
  then when you get changed you 'll always remember to put it in your bag . 
  no melted gumshield and you never forget it again . 
  plus it does n't get covered in pocketsand, 
  i forgot to mention that his nickname is also the honey badger . 
  slightly relevant, 
   sometimes i 'll stumble upon, 
   you do n't accidentally find these videos, 
  i 'm starting my rubber duck collection here, 
  thank you both for your replies , i wo n't rule out engineering yet . 
  what reg are you going for ? 
  being in a similar situation to you a few years ago i decided on a player i liked coming out of the draft and choose to follow the team he went to . 
  i picked julio and when the falcons traded to to get him i was sold . 
  i also liked their uniform, 
  australia mate, 
  this is really cool . 
  is your language based off gaelic irish ? 
  a lot of the words and phrases are quite similar, 
  does anybody know where the gif version of this is ? 
  wow they 're all brilliant . 
  i think ours would look better if we had a background rather than just plain white . 
  i really like the ones with the patterns on them like the rams and vikings have, 
  thanks for the reply man . 
  i 'm about 5 ' 11 '' so i would n't say i 'm tall but i found that using my jab in sparring today helped to keep me out of trouble . 
  it 's frustrating because i 'm sparring against better boxers and while they 're not going hard on me , i feel that as soon as i go for a combination they 'll be able to hit me because i 'm a lot slower , not very accurate and my hands drop a lot . 
  that makes me more hesitant and cautious about going for it, 
  same here . 
  smerch is why i like extras so much although in the office i think gareth provides that kind of character . 
  i have n't really seen anybody in this sub saying next season is going to be as bad as last season . 
  i think we 're going to be a top 4 team next year if we stay healthy . 
  maybe you are a bit too drunk !, 
  i thought this episode was really good . 
  it was n't the funniest ( apart from the face derek made eating the pickles ) but it played with my emotions and made me feel for kev for the first time . 
  a bit disappointing not having dougie but i 'm enjoying it so far anyway, 
  there 's also no way that stores will give away that many pallets for free . 
  the people that write this stuff just assume that you can get them free when in reality you ca n't . 
  i know that but it never tears along the perforation , hence this post, 
  baker was 2008 i think . 
  also he 's mediocre at best when healthy , which is rarely, 
  * `` a comment that has been gilded '' *, 
  edit : obligatory thanks for gold kind stranger !, 
  the other night i had a dream where i was fighting a knight . 
  i ended up killing him and was celebrating my victory when a clone of him came up and cut my leg off . 
  why would my brain kill somebody and have my leg cut off ? 
  nutella . 
  and i do n't just mean i really like it , i genuinely think i 'm addicted to it . 
  i went to vegas last summer but as i 'm a student i was on a pretty tight budget . 
  ever since then i 've wanted to go back and just go wild and blow a ridiculous amount of money without caring about losing it . 
  if anyone would like to make that happen feel free . 
  prison architect is a great game , i 've put countless hours into it . 
  it 's still in alpha but it 's always being updated and it 's got huge potential . 
  teacher kissed a student . 
  was fired and then rehired about 6 months later . 
  my mum just got contacts and my 10 year old brother said the following at dinner today . 
  `` mum , well ... how do i put this ? 
  you look more ugly when you do n't wear your glasses '', 
  ** ireland **, 
  * fightin ', 
  play out with my friends all day . 
  we used to make bases , sharpen sticks into spears with a pen knife i stole from my shed , find gun shaped sticks and be soldiers , have rock fights , play football matches against the estate next to ours , climb trees and go on long walks across the fields . 
  a typical day during the school holidays was get up around 8am then get dressed and eat breakfast . 
  then call for my friends and not come home until it was dark or i was hungry . 
  those were the days ... 
  i honestly know nothing about art but this just looks appealing . 
  i do n't know what it is about it but it 's just nice to look at, 
  [ here ] ( http://imgur.com/a/jjnuq ) are some closer images . 
  it looks like the photoreal product is working but the resolution is just quite poor . 
  i 'm sure you 'll make a good series out of this game but i think it would be cool to see you play something that 's not a builder type game . 
  we had do n't starve pretty recently and although i do n't know much about factorio , from watching this first video , it seems as if it 's basically the same game,
