  that graphic is a bit misleading . 
  the reason the `` average age '' has been so low throughout history is because of high infant mortality rates . 
  they throw the average off quite a lot . 
  in saying that , improved sanitation ( which means things like proper sewage systems and clean hospitals ) obviously will increase life expectancy but showering will probably only make a small difference , if any . 
  3 1sts is definitely too high !, 
  imagine getting matthews and pryor in the first and ford in the second . 
  i do n't think we could really do any better . 
  is atlantafalcons.com streaming the draft ? 
  out of interest , who were they ? 
   choking down a couple pounds of risotto, 
  i loved seeing goodell say `` here is shon and his mother ... treyshawnda to announce ... '', 
  does he not get a $ 15m signing bonus ? 
  plus $ 4m salary this year which rises by $ 1m each year until 2017, 
  the worst thing about the draft imo . 
  it 's so annoying to watch and i do n't care if it 's tradition , it makes nfl fans look like idiots . 
  i 've always had the biggest man crush on french hooker [ dimitri szarzewski ] ( http://imgur.com/w2kmymh ) . 
  fuck he 's so aryan, 
  well my counter argument to that would be ponder made the playoffs thanks to ap and with a worse receiving corps . 
  if bridgewater is even marginally better than ponder hopefully he can develop somewhat before the fans do turn on him, 
  by far the best nickname for bortles i 've seen so far . 
  it was uploaded to the falcons youtube channel so maybe it 's just something we 've done ? 
  it 's pretty cool though , i 'd like to see it done for other players . 
  i am so happy to have this guy on our team though , it 's exciting . 
  is atlantafalcons.com streaming the draft ? 
  i missed it last night so not sure if they are . 
  who 's the grumpy looking kid stood behind jerry jones ? 
  it surely has to be dl or lb, 
  where are mayock etc gone on nfln ? 
  we get it , espn is shit . 
  could dwight lowery start for us ? 
  [ this ] ( http://imgur.com/7b54m ) is my favourite . 
  i fucking love dimitroff in this picture, 
  it 's touchin ' cloth !, 
  because most of them are liars . 
  if he was the emotional leader of the syracuse defense then i 'm glad to have him . 
  we need somebody who can inspire our players through his emotion but also through a high motor like this guy has . 
  for the most part that kind of thing was really lacking last year . 
  i bet there were more people interested in him, 
  who did we get in the 7th ? 
  great to see this kind of enthusiasm . 
  if nothing else at least we know we 'll get 100 % effort from him , ca n't really ask for much more than that, 
  yeah i used one of the filters from the nokia app , ca n't remember which one though, 
  honestly i 'm not sure about this . 
  the reason our offense was so potent in 2012 compared to 2013 ( ignoring o-line for a second ) was because of our `` pick your poison '' philosophy . 
  we had healthy tony , healthy julio and healthy roddy . 
  you could double 2 of those guys at most and one would always be in single coverage and each of those guys is capable of beating single coverage most of the time . 
  now it looks like it 'll be julio , roddy and harry and to be fair i do n't think people are going to be doubling harry and unlike the other 3 guys i do n't think he 's someone who will beat single coverage most of the time . 
  of course if our run game is improved this will add another dimension to our game but i 'm still not so sure about relying on hd to beat single coverage most of the time . 
  that 's true , i did n't account for matty ice, 
  there are so many new members to d-block this year . 
  starr looks like he would suit the sunglasses . 
  too slow and inefficient according to [ this ] ( http://www.draftinsider.net/reports/2013/ilb/paul-worrilow ), 
  a seal ? 
  the vet is pretty brave ... 
  the capital of australia is canberra not sydney, 
  i do n't know why but i found it hilarious when he was dragging the turtle across the road . 
  ca n't find him ? 
  i did n't think i 'd like this series because i did n't think i 'd like the game . 
  i 'm not going to play factorio because it 's the kind of game that would hurt my brain and result in a ripped dick but i really enjoy watching you explore the game and the fact i have n't played it means it 's not frustrating to watch when you do something wrong !, 
  [ my first attempt at one of these ] ( http://imgur.com/wyg89jq ), 
  i sat next to a woman in the doctors waiting room who 's breath literally smelled like dog shit . 
  so much so that at first i was convinced i had shit on my jeans until she sighed and i realised, 
  just because i stare at your friends delicious knockers it does n't mean i want to suckle on them jeeeeeez, 
  i bet on the falcons every year to win the sb just because it makes it that much more exciting . 
  the odds here in ireland are around 25/1 which is actually a lot worse than i was expecting . 
  but $ 10 wo n't break the bank and if i win i can buy a falcons jersey !, 
  i 'm 22 and the other day i realized fuck , the guys coming out in the draft are my age . 
  wtf have i done with my life, 
  i 'd probably bring a gun . 
  i wonder what they would think of it . 
  hopefully lewis fills that role, 
  no bloody strings alright ? 
  i 'm an idiot , thank you . 
  thank you very much , i really appreciate it !, 
  if there were to be an adequate successor it would be brian cox, 
  [ anybody ? 
  is the narrator english or american ? 
  that we 're all just background characters in each others lives . 
  why black people are more simean than other races, 
  not so much a word but it annoys me when people say things like `` a couple days '' rather than `` a couple of days '', 
  or catching it, 
  not so much a book but a short story - [ issac asimov - the last question ] ( http://www.multivax.com/last_question.html ), 
  telling the owner of the place to pick the shit out of the urinal himself and eat it if he wanted it gone so badly, 
  it annoys the shit out of me when people say british is an accent . 
  and yes i am haha, 
  but it 's so much quicker to say he 's the black guy . 
  there are n't any other black guys so it singles him out right away . 
  if they all had long hair and he had a buzz cut i 'd say the one with the buzz cut . 
  it 's not racist to identify somebody by their ethnicity in my opinion . 
  that 's a great thing to do , good on you no . 
  in all seriousness though how does this work ? 
  do they sign him for a day and then release him and he still goes through waivers like any other player ? 
  does he get paid as part of the contract ? 
  whatever you do do n't do a google image search of `` jake stevens naked camera '', 
  another fun fact : the top sways up to 1m each way . 
  if you stand at the bottom and look up you can see it swaying . 
  just because i make a typo it does n't mean i 'm not allowed to ask an offensive question in a thread specifically for offensive questions, 
  [ marshall jefferson - mushrooms ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=y8vp4s0nex8 ), 
  i bet that was a weird boner, 
  one of my friends parents have a whip hanging above their bed , i really should n't know that .
