  why get rid of blalock ? 
  he 's been one of our more consistent linemen for the past few seasons, 
  i do n't write a lot so this is probably only the 5th thing i 've ever written . 
  please criticise harshly !, 
  i sat down with my coffee and turned to look out at the rain . 
  i had always found the sound of beating rain a comforting one . 
  monsoon season was my favourite time of year . 
  the sound of the rain on the roof of our shanty had always made me feel protected and safe ; the corrugated iron was like a large , cold blanket above our heads . 
  today was different though , the rain was n't reassuring me . 
  i hardly even really noticed it . 
  i was still a little embarrassed . 
  as i 'd ordered my coffee my voice shook . 
  when i took out the coins to pay i dropped them all over the floor . 
  you can probably tell that i was nervous . 
  i knew i had every right to be nervous . 
  i was going to meet with a beautiful woman for the first time and i wanted her to like me . 
  i was supposed to meet her at 3pm . 
  i set my coffee on the table and looked up towards the clock . 
  i inadvertently made eye contact with the man sitting across from me . 
  you would know he was a rich man by the skin on his face . 
  in india having pale skin is a sign of wealth ; it means you do n't spend your time working in the fields where the sun can darken your skin . 
  this man had very pale skin , he almost did n't look indian . 
  his suit was expensive , probably from one of the fancy american stores they had in south mumbai . 
  it was amala 's father . 
  i tried to hide my feelings but it was no use . 
  he knew i was nervous and uneasy but i hoped he could also see that i was excited and enormously grateful to be here . 
  this was n't the kind of place that a slum boy like me should be in . 
  you see , i was here thanks to my father . 
  for the past 19 years , since the day i was born , he had worked three jobs !, 
  from 7am he would work as a taxi driver which , let me tell you , is not easy in this city . 
  then when he finished his shift at 4pm he would go to the restaurant where he cleaned dishes until 1am . 
  he only worked in the restaurant for 3 days per week so on the other 4 days he would work as a barman , serving drinks to rich tourists . 
  my father always saved whatever he earned . 
  sometimes he would get big tips at the bar but he never spent it unless it was necessary . 
  it was thanks to him that i might marry amala . 
  somebody from a poor family like mine never married somebody from a rich family like hers . 
  however , i had an education and our family was now relatively well off . 
  if i could just not screw it up today would be the day when all of my father 's hard work paid off . 
  i turned around towards the back corner of the caf\u00e9 and could see him sitting there , smiling . 
  a wave of reassurance rose in me . 
  soon amala would be here and i would make my father proud . 
  i had met her before of course but really we had never spoken . 
  in the first meeting the couple to be married do n't really get to speak much , it 's the parents that ask the questions . 
  `` what do you do ? '' , `` how much money do you make ? '' , `` how will you provide for my daughter '' , `` how much money do your parents make ? '' . 
  these were all standard questions . 
  i looked up at the clock again , trying not to make eye contact with her father . 
  it was approaching 3pm . 
  amala would be here any minute . 
  i turned to look out of the window again . 
  a knife in the neck was n't justice . 
  ** july 1st , 1916 **, 
  the sound of the shells suddenly stopped . 
  the barrage had begun early this morning and had been utterly relentless . 
  i felt sorry for the poor fuckers that had to endure that shelling . 
  i 'd heard we had even dug tunnels underneath them and filled them with explosives . 
  the older men said that the craters would be 30 metres in diameter , what a spectacle . 
  it was my first week on the front line . 
  when i had arrived 4 days ago i had been excited to get involved . 
  just 6 weeks ago i had walked into the recruiting office in our little village of framlingham . 
  it was a quaint little town in the county of suffolk and i was actually one of the last men in the town to sign up -- most of the older men had been gone for some time . 
  i had been keen to sign up and on the day of my 16th birthday i 'd done it . 
  of course , mother was n't impressed . 
  father acted like he was n't happy , for the sake of my mother , but i knew he was proud of me . 
  after all , i was going to france to defend king and country !, 
  well , now that i was here i was n't nearly as enthusiastic . 
  i knew that i was about to be part of the biggest offensive push of the war so far . 
  they hoped that this would be it and if our attack was a success we 'd have the hun on the back foot . 
  a small flask was shoved into my hands . 
  `` some dutch courage young lad '' the soldier said . 
  i took a swig of the brandy . 
  it was rotten stuff and burned the back of my throat . 
  the older man to my left smiled . 
  `` are you scared ? '' he asked me . 
  of course i was scared . 
  i had heard stories about going over the top . 
  as soon as the first man climbed out of the trench the machine guns would open up . 
  we would be lucky to make it across no man 's land . 
  and even if some of us did , we 'd face close quarters combat when we jumped down into the german trenches . 
  `` no , of course i 'm not scared ! '' i replied . 
  my voice shook as i said the words . 
  `` we 're all scared young lad , no point trying to hide it . 
  i remember the first time i went over the top , i think i pissed myself when i got over but i kept going . 
  you see , it 's all just a game . 
  they 're trying to kill you and you 're trying to kill them . 
  however , there are so many of us playing that the chances are you 'll lose at some point . 
  we 'll all lose eventually . 
  and the sooner you realise that the sooner you can get on with your job . 
  the sooner you can be an effective soldier and the sooner you can kill the fucking hun ! '', 
  i looked up the line and saw the faces of the other players . 
  most of them stared blankly at the wall opposite them , their faces expressionless . 
  they had accepted their fate and the sooner i did the easier this would be . 
  the shrill sound of the whistles filled my ears . 
  the man to my left started to climb the ladder . 
  just as he reached the top he looked back at me and smiled once more . 
  then he was gone , over the top . 
  meanwhile , at the circus , a door swung ajar . 
  the elephant trainer had been drunk last night . 
  i opened my eyes . 
  well at least i thought i did , either i had n't or it was still night time . 
  i blinked a few times .
