  from watching the video it seems like they do the same thing . 
  surely there has to be another use for the navigation bar ? 
  thank you so much for bringing that sub to my attention !, 
  i know everybody will be naming more classical books but for me it 's harry potter and the order of the phoenix . 
  or any of the harry potters really, 
  i think that it 's one of the first books where the series starts to get really dark . 
  but i also like how there 's just a lot stuff about the general goings on at hogwarts like the stuff with umbridge . 
  it is n't a huge part of the overall plot but i think it 's a good storyline . 
  although no quidditch sucks balls, 
  sorry mod , was on mobile when posting, 
  he did n't say they knew precisely how to beat ireland at all . 
  did n't even suggest that from what i read . 
  which is a good thing because if hartley had said something along those lines ireland would have almost certainly hammered us, 
  bring back the inbetweeners, 
  seems ok to me but i 'm confused as to why you say the translator was expendable in one paragraph and then it another you say he was chosen by hitler by hand . 
  that says to me that he must n't be very expendable at all . 
  also when you describe hitler and his voice , instead of just saying he has a loud voice try and show that he has a loud voice . 
  maybe he could shout at the young translator or something ? 
  thanks for feedback man , appreciate it, 
  and also when you oldies see other oldies do you find them physically attractive ? 
  at 12pm francis was brought into room 253 . 
  `` inmate 19735 , you are not permitted to press that button , do you understand ? '', 
  `` yes , i understand '' replied francis . 
  the clock on the wall now read 4:10 pm . 
  francis looked down at his frail hands which were still covered in dirt from this morning 's shift . 
  he could n't help but think that even if he had wanted to press the button ; his weak hands probably would n't have allowed him to . 
  francis stood in the middle of the room in front of the only light source . 
  his body cast a fairly unimpressive shadow upon the waist high metal podium in front of him . 
  the soft glow of the red button reflected onto his face and francis thought he must have looked quite sinister to the people watching on the outside . 
  they must be getting tired of watching now . 
  francis was certainly tired of standing there . 
  maybe they were working in shifts . 
  or maybe they were n't even watching . 
  after all , what was the point of him being here ? 
  what kind of experiment places somebody in a room and tells them not to press a button ? 
  it did n't matter much to francis ; at least he was warm here . 
  it was n't as if he wanted to press the button anyway . 
  you do as you 're told in this place and he was told not to press the button . 
  so he would n't . 
  or would he ? 
  the button was made of smooth red plastic . 
  it was well polished and looked like it might be nice to the touch . 
  it was hand sized , francis thought his hand would be a perfect fit for the button . 
  the button looked reasonably solid and francis could tell it had been carefully manufactured . 
  it was the kind of button that took some strength to press ; this was n't like one of those buttons on your television remote . 
  it was the kind of button you might press to launch a missile , or go to defcon 5 -- a solid piece of equipment . 
  yes , this was a very nice button . 
  the clock read 4:14 pm and francis began to wonder what the button did . 
  i lifted my head slowly . 
  there was a sweaty imprint on the desk where it had been . 
  my eyes struggled to open and as i tried to look at the computer screen in front of me i felt a slight draft at the back of my neck . 
  squinting in the light i wondered how long i had been asleep . 
  my curtains had not been drawn the previous night and although the windows were a little grimy , it looked like it would be a beautiful day outside . 
  through the morning haze that normally accompanies a summers day i could see that the sun was already peeking over the horizon . 
  had i really fallen asleep at my desk again ? 
  i had promised myself i would n't do this anymore , it was n't healthy . 
  my back was sore so i figured i had broken my promise to myself . 
  i looked at the clock on the wall to my right and it read 6:30 am . 
  by now the street outside was bustling with commuters rushing to work . 
  i could see jacques opening up the news stand across the road . 
  i could hear the incessant horn-beeping that usually accompanied the morning rush , the sound of shop shutters opening , and the general hustle and bustle that comes with living in a large city . 
  i had moved to paris 4 years ago . 
  i 'm originally from madison , indiana and in my mid-thirties . 
  having just gone through a long divorce , i had decided to move to europe . 
  it was something i had always wanted to do and by now the thought of realizing my dream had become too much . 
  it was n't as if i had much to lose anyway . 
  that bitch had taken the kids , the house , and the car . 
  she even took the fucking dog . 
  it was n't her dog for fuck sake . 
  one of my good friends had given milly to me when her german shepard had a litter of 13 puppies . 
  milly was the runt of the litter and was tiny when i first met her . 
  she used to sit in the breast pocket of my coat with her little brown head peeking over the top . 
  strangely enough , it was three years later while walking milly that i met my ex-wife ursula . 
  i ca n't even talk about her right now, 
  now , after 4 years in berlin , i quite often wished i was back in madison . 
  berlin was too loud for me , plus i missed my kids . 
  i had n't slept properly since i had arrived here hence the fact i had just awoken , slumped in my chair with my head firmly rested on the desk . 
  in fact , the last thing i remembered doing was watching meditation tutorials on youtube . 
  this is why i was so confused when i stopped looking out of the window and turned to my computer to see an open word document with a message printed on the screen . 
  i had n't opened a word document . 
  had i ? 
  i had clearly been asleep but i definitely did n't remember opening a word document . 
  it was then that i read what the document said . 
  it was strange because the message made no sense . 
  was this some kind of practical joke that somebody had played on me ? 
  it was hardly a funny one , who writes a message like that ? 
  what kind of person might have written a message like this and who the hell was j.m. ? 
  my palms were sweating slightly and i could feel my heart beating , i was getting slightly worried . 
  after all , it 's not every day you wake up and find a message on your computer that you have no memory of writing . 
  i studied the message more closely . 
  somebody was in my apartment while i was asleep right here on my desk . 
  their hand must have been inches from my head . 
  how did i not hear them typing ? 
  why my computer ? 
  i was n't aware of any reason somebody would want to write me a message like this . 
  my breathing became heavy and deliberate . 
  i thought of my two daughters still back home in madison . 
  how will they remember me ? 
  whatever i am supposed to have done , i hope it 's not bad , i hope they remember me as a good man . 
  i had n't wanted to die then .
