  the story was originally written as a prompt . 
  now it just feels as if it 's being added to for the sake of it and does n't really feel organic . 
  i 'm enjoying reading it but op could have ended it so well a while ago, 
  but he committed a crime . 
  what he leaked was very insightful and beneficial to all of us but he still broke the law, 
  sounds like you have an impingement . 
  see a physio if you can , 
  trying to download the zip for this but the link wo n't work . 
  any chance you could reupload it please ? 
  nice lifehack !, 
  it would be a great series to do in a few months time . 
  i do n't think i 'd be able to visit / r/sips for fear of spoilers, 
  thanks , i 'll start with shapes, 
  i am calm !, 
  thanks man !, 
  tried to make my own version but i could n't figure out animation . 
  thanks, 
  it 's really annoying watching him pick up useless shit just for the sake of it . 
  london is n't all that england has to offer although it is an amazing city . 
  there is some beautiful scenery in the north of england ( the lake district ) plus many other great cities around the country with plenty of things to do . 
  do n't write off a while country just because you might not like it 's capital city, 
  i do it and it works great . 
  i get to work out for about 40 minutes then shower etc and back in the office in an hour . 
  i have time to do a couple of compound exercises and some accessories too . 
  eat my lunch when i get back while i 'm at my desk . 
  i prefer working out this way because you have to keep the sessions intense due to time constraints . 
  30 second rests etc, 
  yep and we 're better off for it, 
  i can get sound but no video with that app, 
  is there a good tutorial for installing something like this for somebody who 's completely new to it ? 
  or worse a friend asks for gym advice , they show up to the gym with you and proceed to ignore all your advice . 
  as somebody else mentioned , it works out at $ 350 per hour . 
  plus he refs every weekend . 
  $ 350 per hour is a lot of money . 
  i 'm looking at a cooler master rc-130 elite case . 
  will a gigabyte ga-h81m-h motherboard fit ? 
  i know the case is mini itx and the motherboard is micro atx but i 'd like to have a small case if possible . 
  thanks for the reply . 
  do you think something like [ this ] ( http://www.amazon.co.uk/sharkoon-shark-zone-pc-case/dp/b00tjbcasg/ref=sr_1_11?s=computers&amp;ie=utf8&amp;qid=1449354049&amp;sr=1-11&amp;keywords=micro+atx+case ) would work ? 
  edit : after reading further i do n't think it will . 
  thanks, 
  to be fair , the stuff with ido on the embedded episodes is probably a very small percentage of how conor spends his time, 
  that 's a dog, 
  honestly it 's a great place to do nothing really . 
  lovely spot to just walk around and take it all in . 
  stay at sac lo homestay , it 's a really friendly place, 
  he knows why everyone clapped ( if this even happened ) be just wants somebody to actually say `` because you 're a great person '', 
  do you even lift ? 
  i do n't need to . 
  i live in a pretty safe place . 
  i do n't even need one as tool because i work in an office . 
  plus it looks a bit weird carrying a knife around in your pocket . 
  what if it fell out or something ? 
  eddie deep-pockets, 
  i did the same journey last year . 
  there are places in hoi an that will rent you a bike and take your stuff up to hue for you . 
  the journey is n't too bad but after the hai van pass it can get kind of ropey with poor road surfaces and large trucks/busses on the road . 
  just be vigilant and do n't do anything stupid and you 'll be fine . 
  it 's a fun experience to do it by yourself although the guided tours are also very good i 've heard . 
  i did the journey to hue in about 4 hours . 
  got to the top of the hai van and realised my go pro was out of battery . 
  so i got up early the next day and drove from hue back to the hai van . 
  full go pro battery but it pissed rain !, 
  i thought this too and masturbated that way until i was 15 . 
  now i have premature ejaculation woooo, 
  honestly i 've found that most people on rocket league are pretty cool to chat to and i 've got a couple of steam friends out of it . 
  nice community usually , 
  i think most of the weight stuff has been mentioned . 
  i just wanted to add to keep working on your shoulder mobility . 
  you mention a rotator cuff injury . 
  i played at college level as well and now at 23 i 'm having some issues with shoulder mobility . 
  i 'm sure your physio has given you stuff to do but if not then i 'd definitely recommend researching shoulder mobility especially since you 've already had issues with your rotator cuff, 
  try alcohol . 
  3 guinness and i drifted off nicely, 
  try two weeks . 
  i became a nocturnal alcoholic . 
  hoi an is beautiful . 
  i could have stayed for 2 weeks, 
  we could n't choose a winner for the last fight either . 
  all signs pointed to it being a close fight . . 
  how 's the weather up there heh, 
  not until i get some fingerless gloves, 
  thanks , agility and footwork is probably what i 'm looking for , i 've always struggled staying on my toes around the tackle area . 
  very helpful , thanks a lot . 
  exactly what 8 was looking for, 
  i would n't worry about it mate , i 'm catching you up in wine, 
  +1 here too . 
  it 's an easy place to travel for a first timer and really cheap !, 
  the poll said 44 % of people are . 
  that 's not even a majority, 
  it 's not really just a game to him , it 's his job, 
  i 'm not in charge of that kind of stuff , i was just curious if any one else 's office was having trouble and if there really is no decent internet here, 
  i 've taken many ryanair flights and have never been delayed, 
  who gives a fuck it was an entertaining story . 
  people on this site can be such negative cunts, 
  i think it 's new to the line up since the world cup, 
  my driving instructor taught me to never let anybody out . 
  even if they do n't die , if there 's an accident there 's a chance you could be held responsible . 
  i like being a dick so it 's fine by me, 
  probably not live then :(,
