there must be some serious chaffing going on there . 
  ok , hypothetically if it came to public attention . 
  also i 'd like to add that i 'm not a conspiracy theorist , i do n't believe there is a nwo . 
  i just thought it would be an interesting topic of conversation . 
  clearly the op has never heard smerch talking about ` fats waller ' . 
  one thing i 'm pretty sure of is that the nazis will kill brock . 
  then jesse and walt will take down the nazis before jesse kills walt . 
  as for skylar & co , i have no idea . 
  maybe todd or uncle jack survive and then go on a personal vendetta to take out walts family, 
  i watched the first episode again last night . 
  does anybody remember when walt made the tape in the desert ? 
  that may come back into it and skylar and walt jr. may see it . 
  i ca n't remember what happened to the video camera in the end but if it has n't been destroyed i think that tape will definitely be shown . 
  yep , just watched episode 2 and realised !, 
  why do people start blaming coaches when anything goes wrong ? 
  when you think about it most of our games have been pretty close . 
  sure , smitty deciding to go for it against the jets and patriots were bad decisions but they could just have easily made it look like a good one . 
  the players just are n't executing , which happens . 
  anyone who 's played sports knows you have good games and you have bad ones . 
  and there 's not much a strength and conditioning coach can do to stop players getting injured on the field is there ? 
  i think we 're still a good team and could be sitting at 5-0 right now if we 'd executed a bit better . 
  it 's not out of the question to go on a streak and make the playoffs . 
  and we all know once you 're in , you 're in . 
  does n't matter how you got there !, 
  kerbal space program, 
  what do you think of sites that offer free porn ? 
  i do n't understand this mentality . 
  if you 're always looking for the easier option how are you ever going to improve or build up resistance to injury ? 
  what 's black and fluffy ? 
  pink fluff in the dark, 
  leixlip , ireland . 
  where guinness was first brewed, 
  i think the debate about him being an elite qb or not is over !, 
  i 've only been watching nfl and specifically the falcons for about 3 years so for me it 's the nfc wildcard in 2012 against the giants . 
  that was pretty awful, 
  does anyone else find willy mo 's raps incredibly cringeworthy ? 
  i love him as a player but please , stop with the rapping ... 
  what an absolutely awful game . 
  i just feel bad for tony g , coming back to a terrible season where he gets viced any time we 're close to the red zone . 
  such a shame for him to go out this way . 
  is it just me or have we won every single coin toss this season ? 
  apart from that last game matt has been playing incredibly well this season . 
  he 's really the only player that gives us chance of winning games . 
  tg wo n't be traded . 
  to quote him in a recent interview : `` i got a question in the locker room about getting traded and i was like ... no '', 
  roddy wo n't be traded either . 
  he 's still matt 's go to guy and i think he 's still very valuable to our team . 
  i do n't believe sjax will be traded either . 
  give him a decent o-line and he 'll be ready to go . 
  asante could be traded around draft time but i would n't have thought now . 
  he 'll be useful to have around for our 2 young rookies . 
  to be honest , i do n't really see any big trade happening . 
  td is n't the kind of gm to make a big move unless it 's for a player that really is worth it , like julio . 
  i think we sit tight for the season and see who we can get in fa or the draft . 
  edit : [ link to tg/matt interview ] ( http://www.atlantafalcons.com/media-lounge/videos/sunday_sitdown_matt_ryan_and_tony_gonzalez/cb79778a-c27a-4005-89d0-e35c3f79b198 ), 
   bad seasons happen, 
  they can happen for coaches too so why fire smith ? 
  he 's done a lot for us and i do n't think he deserves to be fired after one bad season . 
  i love seeing the young wrs play and look forward to seeing # 13 on the field . 
  but most of all i just love watching willy mo absolutely flatten people and legally too, 
  nutella and banana sandwiches, 
  so when it 's yellow and i let it mellow i ca n't see my shit, 
  i do n't think smith needs to be fired . 
  since he 's been there we 've been a successful team . 
  sure no sb and limited success in the playoffs in general but i do n't think we 're far from getting there . 
  an upgraded o-line for our run game will do wonders . 
  i think our defence will be improved next year , even if we were n't to make any moves in fa or the draft as regards defence . 
  our rookies will have improved and we 'll be back to full strength . 
  even if it 's not great , it will still be better than this year . 
  and if we could pick up a solid d-lineman in fa then i think we 'll be sorted . 
  for all those criticising the sjax pick up in the off season ... it 's easy to do that with the benefit of hindsight . 
  when we picked up sjax it was seen as a brilliant move and it gave us one of the best offences in the league . 
  do n't bail on this team so fast . 
  bad seasons happen . 
  a couple of close games at the start of the season have skewed our record . 
  sure we 're performing horribly now but i think we could be 4-4 and at that , people would n't be calling for smittys head . 
  on my last day of school we broke into the principals office and played `` the vengaboys - welike to party '' over the intercom . 
  we then barricaded the door to the principals office for a good minute or so . 
  the teachers got so pissed that one of them , unknowingly to us , punched the door and broke her hand . 
  we ended up getting an internal suspension . 
  for one day while everybody else was off school we had to go in and clean the grounds . 
  it was quite fun actually , the 7 of us had a good laugh with the teachers supervising us, 
  what about a web app or app for android etc that can analyse a simply supported beam and produce reactions at either end , a sfd and bmd . 
  rather like the program linpro but in app form . 
  it would be useful for a lot of undergrads i think . 
  i 'd elaborate a bit more on what you do . 
  include what your plans for the future are and things like that, 
  it 's amazing how different of a perspective an outsider can have . 
  i did n't even think about changing all that stuff . 
  thanks a lot for such a detailed diagnosis !, 
  i 'll definitely take on board your advice , thanks very much . 
  on the bonnet ( hood ) of my ex 's car in her front driveway, 
  there are a lot of funny people out there, 
  nothing really . 
  at least you 're not japanese tourists . 
  i 've never seen so many photos taken of pointless shit, 
  english , quite good, 
  when i read fedora i thought is this guy serious ? 
  and then i kept reading, 
  he 's like ratatat .
