  i hope so . 
  i think i had all of my contacts saved to hotmail which is a bonus . 
  i did the factory reset and luckily everything was backed up so it 's sorting itself out now . 
  thanks for your help, 
  i 'm in ireland and have no idea what crisco is !, 
  thank you though, 
  why did we get rid of weems ? 
  is n't he one of the best returners in the league ? 
  well when i was in school if you dressed like the guys in that top picture you got bullied . 
  weird looking 80 's clothes ? 
  hand me downs . 
  glasses that are too big for your face ? 
  free ones from the nhs because you ca n't afford to buy different ones . 
  hipsters dress that way for attention, 
  little big adventure 2 please !, 
  it 's such a fun game, 
  please do . 
  not very familiar with either language though . 
  the ides of march is a very good film, 
  thought this might help but on first glance it 's only confusing me more !, 
  definite favourites :, 
  banished, 
  game dev tycoon, 
  series i liked :, 
  spore, 
  i 'm 21 , 5 ' 11 '' and 180lbs . 
  i have n't been deloading the way mehdi says to . 
  i 've found that when i ca n't get my 5 reps if i deload by 10 % and build back up i normally smash through where i got stuck before . 
  for example , my squat was at 100kg and i could n't get 5x5 so i went back down to 90kg and built back up to 95kg then 100kg and smashed it . 
  did 110kg easily the other day . 
  squat - 242lbs, 
  bench - 87lbs, 
  row - 154lbs, 
  press - 121lbs, 
  deadlift - 253lbs, 
  perfect soundtrack http://m.youtube.com/watch?v=mk6txmsvgqg, 
  and saying things like `` a couple weeks '', 
  what 's purple and squeals ? 
  a peeled baby covered in salt . 
  the notebook is a real tear jerker, 
  what a bunch of wankers, 
  i think we need to go oline in the first round but i 'm hoping we get mack because to me he 's the more exciting pick . 
  imagine the confusion nolan is going cause opposing qbs with all those lbs in the 3-4 . 
  however i would n't rule out us trading back to get a safety and trading back into the first to grab a pass rushing lb, 
  i 'd like this move . 
  i 've always been a fan of clark, 
  or inner city belfast, 
  try / r/fitmeals, 
  my god i love a french accent on a woman . 
  i 'm english , living in ireland so my accent is probably a mixture of the two, 
  congratulations , i 'm so happy for you !, 
  it 's a font . 
  does it really make that much difference to people ? 
  i think they 're fine, 
  i 'm on my phone right now but when i get back to my desktop i am definitely tagging you as td, 
  you could try tenyardtracker.com if you 're familiar with torrents, 
  a stazi, 
  the wisteria lane of sipsburgh, 
  hold on , i 'll text him now and ask, 
  final episode of the series ? 
  good one sips, 
  does the black box not have a gps pinger on it that sends out its location to people searching for it ? 
  is there a reason that this signal might not work ? 
  i 'd heard rumours but never really expected it to happen . 
  i thought hester wanted to be more than just a return guy and get snaps at wr . 
  we have good young depth at wr so i guess he changed his mind ? 
  i wonder which sub the kid who finds all of that porn will post it in, 
  genuinely curious . 
  what makes this ship so special that it 's involved in the debris search and the fact it is involved is making headlines ? 
  it just looks like a massive ferry . 
  ah ok , i did n't know that . 
  thanks, 
  interesting but i doubt she saw it . 
  from reading the article it seems to me that she apparently saw mh370 at night time making it even more unlikely that she 'd be able to spot it . 
  just thought it was strange how she said she was looking out of the window because she can never sleep and also how the stewardess closed the blind and told her to get some sleep . 
  based on that i presumed it was night time , never mind . 
  guinness was first brewed here, 
  today in work some guy managed to scam me out of $ 100 . 
  i fucking hate that guy, 
  a woman who expects me to pay for everything . 
  i bite my thumb at thee !, 
  yeah it does, 
  i have a steroid/antifungal cream from a previous fungal infection . 
  it 's called travocort . 
  do you think this would be ok to use or should i try a regular otc fungal cream ? 
  can you smellllllllllll what the rock is cookin ' ? 
  as long as you go to the gym and use proper form nobody cares how big you are . 
  one thing i see is skinny guys lifting weight that 's too heavy for them because they 're obviously concerned about looking weak or whatever . 
  if you use correct form nobody really cares what weight you 're lifting and how big you are . 
  everybody has to start somewhere and any decent human being will realise that . 
  just get out and go as soon as you can . 
  2 or 3 sessions in the gym and you wo n't be self-conscious at all . 
  trust me , i used to be you !, 
  i saw this posted in another sub ( ca n't remember which one ) and instantly thought `` that 's from a lumia 1020 '', 
  dameshek really annoys the shit out of me, 
  i love how when she 's driving off you can just about hear her shouting `` you suck at sucking tits ! '', 
  correct , 1:76 . 
  i thought i 'd get some practice on smaller cheap models before moving onto something bigger . 
  this model cost $ 7 and about $ 20 for brushes , paints and a scalpel . 
  i definitely will check that out , i love tiger tanks,
