  the pokemon nobody wants, 
  for the love of god bitstrips, 
  i 'm in ireland and i can honestly think of nothing between now and christmas . 
  do n't get sick from drinking spirits . 
  you 'll never be able to stomach them in later years, 
  that women can comment on how cute kids are without sounding creepy, 
  i think a full sized helmet would raise a lot . 
  they 're quite rare right ? 
  great idea btw man . 
  you should try and tell matt when he signs your item tomorrow and see if he can suggest a charity , unless you have one in mind already . 
  you might just be the only other irish falcons fan i 've ever heard of !, 
  i agree , it did n't do much . 
  but i 'm just happy to see that stuff like that still happens and it means that much to him . 
  it 's comforting as a fan . 
  i like antone smith on special teams over davis . 
  he 's made a few plays this season, 
  the guy in the hat had had enough, 
  which was worse , the pe or tiny dick ? 
  i do n't really think playing well is an excuse for what he did . 
  why would you do something like that mid season ? 
  not very professional at all . 
  however , maybe it was a dumb mistake so give him the botd and fine him . 
  that 's as far as it needs to go imo . 
  stupid thing to do though . 
  i 'm sorry but why the hell would anybody want the team to lose ? 
  i do n't know about anyone else but each week when i see us get trounced i feel embarrassed and disappointed . 
  it 's no fun watching us get beaten every week and i think it 's a poor attitude to want us to get beaten , even if it does mean we get a good draft pick, 
  here in ireland it 's quite common , especially among the older generations . 
  many people do n't even realise they 're racist . 
  it 's not a huge problem as far as violence goes but people still use derogatory terms , especially when referring to africans or eastern europeans . 
  i 've always wondered what it would be like to give machine guns to just one side in an ancient battle . 
  anyone foreign people really . 
  all i have to say is what an absolute fucking disgrace that game was . 
  we played disgustingly bad . 
  the jags would have beaten us . 
  it 's just embarrassing to watch . 
  i was n't on fire smith bandwagon but it 's getting to the point now where i 'm wondering if he has to go . 
  koetter definitely has to go anyway . 
  i think nolan can stay . 
  with the exception of decoud i think our secondary has played quite well and with some help on the d-line i think we 'd have a decent defence . 
  `` i 'm just saying it like it is '', 
  same . 
  went for illinois because i was there in the summer, 
  i do . 
  it could be quite difficult to upload it somewhere though . 
  what is it you want to know ? 
  well at 7:15 it was a 1st and 10 that was caught by tony g . the 2nd and 5 pass that you 're referring to came at 6:50 and was caught by tony g again . 
  i 'm in ireland and it 's late here but if you need a clip i 'll see if i can sort it out tomorrow at some point . 
  no problem man, 
  i think we just need to be careful of thinking injured players coming back will fix our problems , especially on the o-line . 
  that article mentions sam baker and mike johnson . 
  i just hope the fo do n't think along the lines of `` oh next year we 'll have sam and mike back on the o-line so we should be ok '' . 
  gavin and stacey when bryn reads the letter to stacey from her dad on her wedding day . 
   did n't really expect to have a meaningful conversation about my points . 
  well when you make points like you did the you probably should expect that there 'll be a bit of debate about them, 
  i 'm loving the hell out of this series, 
  i think i 'd prefer space program but i started watching dirt factory first and i ca n't bear to watch them starting up again in space program, 
  sim city for sure . 
  i also really enjoyed rct3 . 
  those types of games suit sips really well i think, 
  related question : why are we always told to use ice packs etc to try and minimise swelling ? 
  i read that before , it just sucks you in . 
  not sure if sfw but ... 
  did you hear about the cannibal that ate his girlfriend ? 
  he dumped her the next day . 
  when it rains really heavy and you can hear it on the window, 
  i would n't ride her into battle, 
  i would n't cut off my balls . 
  do i get a million dollars now ? 
  honestly the best thing to do is to start . 
  it sounds simple but once you get started you 'll find you 've done an hour before you know it and you 'd be surprised how much you can get done in just one hour . 
  my aunt who has lung cancer walking into a graveyard whilst smoking a cigarette to visit her dead relatives grave ... who died from cancer . 
  a banana holder, 
  i think all the neon ones argon now, 
  i have the full game . 
  i can upload it somewhere if you 'd like ? 
  i was just about to scroll back up to post this one, 
  i work in a supermarket and regularly eat chocolate bars in the store room, 
  i 'm enjoying him replying to stuff from the stream chat, 
  no problem , i 'll get around to it tomorrow afternoon sometime ( gmt ), 
  i love how sips listens to us and actually plays games we want him to . 
  it 's the best, 
  i loved it . 
  i did n't watch last year so have no comparison but all i ever want to see is sips talk bullshit and that 's what i got so i 'm happy . 
  let us know which stuff pliz, 
  ah thank so much plz sirrr, 
  nobodylikespricks but we all like picks, 
  very expensive belgian beer . 
  at least i 'd be drunk while they mauled my face, 
  at least you can dazzle the zombies with your fabulous sense of style, 
  some 50 year old monster of a woman stared at me for a solid 60 seconds while i was at work . 
  she then muttered repeatedly under her breath `` ooooh is n't he a lovely boy , very luscious '' . 
  i was told this by my co worker who was serving her and now if 50 year old monster comes into the shop i run and hide before she spots me . 
  i read this as fleshlights, 
  she was definitely large, 
  in answer to the end of the video please keep playing sim city , it 's my favourite series . 
  do n't talk , do . 
  glass half empty ? 
  i do n't know a huge amount about college football but i ca n't help seeing clowney end up being a bust . 
  i know he 's touted as one of the best players in recent years but i just keep thinking vernon ghoulston .
