  he 's not an idiot , just inexperienced and will learn quick enough . 
  do n't listen to people telling you to go to a different country or go back home . 
  if this is your first time living in a foreign country you will learn to cope . 
  you have kind of jumped in at the deep end but you will get used to it . 
  moriarty was turned over multiple times , i counted at least 3, 
  your eyes absorb light and kill it, 
  how long did you spend taking that picture ? 
  to me they do n't look natural . 
  the skin is too smooth and there 's a lack of texture . 
  also the whites in the eyes ( especially 3rd picture ) are way too over processed . 
  i used one for android called japan travel which also has the option to filter by jr pass . 
  google also works really well, 
  why do n't they make is so that purchased loot boxes during events do n't give duplicates ? 
  was in japan recently talking to a local who had hardly any english . 
  he kept telling me i had 4 legs and pointing at my arms . 
  i 'm pretty sure it was compliment, 
  hey op i unfortunately have no solution for you but i am in a similar situation in that my pay is around the same , same age and my job could easily be remote so i can empathise with you . 
  hopefully you can find a solution, 
  i need to replace it, 
  why is the headline mentioning theresa may 's name and not her chief of staffs name ? 
  horrible stuff but at least give us the name of the person responsible . 
  this is terrible for both sports . 
  some mma fighters are already talking about boxing matches . 
  if mcgregor wins we 'll just see more of that and it could hold up and prevent fights in the mma world . 
  the fight does nothing for boxing either . 
  thank you . 
  we will be having a serious talk about this issue together, 
  thank you for your response, 
  i do n't think it looks very good at all . 
  i appreciate the skill it takes in photoshop to do something like this and they look like two nice individual images but i do n't think they really work as a composite . 
  you can clearly see where op has masked the sky from the tree image, 
  i did n't go out last night #irishfitfam, 
  thanks !, 
  i did briefly but i was n't initially happy with it , i did n't think there was enough contrast to make a good b + w. 
  it 's along old military road , co. . wicklow , ireland, 
  i really want to go there , people do n't realise how beautiful scotland is, 
  my tent . 
  it has a musty outdoors like of smell which i love, 
   only a yellow for mako, 
  i agree with your points but just the way you phrase that it 's as if he was lucky to only get a yellow . 
  i think it was a borderline yellow . 
  not having a go , just worried people will see that as far worse than it actually was !, 
   putting team 's to bed easily, 
  not when it 's the abs . 
  the lions actually almost beat themselves with poor discipline, 
  most asian countries , especially japan, 
  they were killing just as many people with the fire bombing campaigns anyway . 
  better to get it over and done with i think . 
  definitely debatable though, 
  i know i 'm late but what do the other mega-corporations like google , microsoft and netflix have to say about this ? 
  surely they are fighting against this as well ? 
  it 's not just texting and driving . 
  it 's fucking snapchat and instagram stories . 
  i see so many people ( including celebrities with thousands of followers ) putting up stories when they are clearly driving . 
  the phone should n't even be in your fucking hand . 
  it actually really annoys me and i think people do n't see it being as bad because most campaigns ( like this one ) just mention texting . 
  fuck off cleanshirt, 
  not trying to be a dick but it should be tendancy instead of tenacity, 
  i think that was the point, 
  like a lot of posts in this sub, 
  so who won ? 
  the streamables for the decision fights never actually say so won ... 
  i am commenting on this post to verify my eligibility no bamboozle, 
  so no room left for evinger ? 
  i am so excited for this game but that trailer is awful . 
  some shots last barely a second and it 's so hard to actually see anything that is going on or any features of the game . 
  feels like a bunch of random game play thrown together . 
  that aside i ca n't wait to play the game, 
  could i pm you ? 
  would like to ask about what you do professionally, 
  could have at least made some kind of primitive nike logo, 
  it 's interesting to see how our ancestors may have lived . 
  at least to me but if it 's not your thing do n't watch, 
  yeah i thought there was a find and replace tool in the annotate tab, 
  hi everyone , i have recently started incorporating some of the progressions from the rr into my regular workouts ( mainly pushups and l-sits and i already do pull ups ) . 
  the only issue is i feel i 'm progressing too quickly on the rings . 
  i was already able to 3x8 good diamond push ups and after only a few sessions on the rings i can do 3x8 good form ring push ups with rto at the top . 
  i 'm worried that i will run out of progressions after having just read that it is extremely hard for people of my weight and height ( 5 ' 11 , 95kg ) to achieve planche . 
  what comes after rtopppu for someone who 's size limits them from achieving a full planche ? 
  or are rtopppu a lot harder than i think they will be ? 
  thanks, 
  [ @specsy_ ] ( https://www.instagram.com/specsy_/ ) - i mainly post pictures of places i 've visited . 
  i suppose it 's mostly landscapes and architecture . 
  i 've recently been trying to get better at landscapes so hopefully you can see some of that over the next while !, 
  i 'll keep checking back to this thread and follow people . 
  if i do n't follow you back message me and i 'll make sure to do it . 
  only just discovered his channel yesterday . 
  i love some of his more philosophical videos . 
  he used to be a priest, 
  i drive a micra and i would n't risk pushing 120, 
  trying to avoid spoilers until the next episode will be tough though, 
  looks like you 're upright rowing the weight up to your shoulders and if you look closely your hips never actually extend . 
  explode with your hips more and really smash the bar off your thighs ( look up triple extension ) . 
  try the drills in this video https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iccglonqn2u, 
  psa : i 'm not an expert , maybe somebody will correct me or can confirm what i 'm saying . 
  it 's almost like you 're there and actually know their group dynamic !, 
  on reddit they are, 
  impressive stuff . 
  way too overdone though , look at that haloing !, 
  i think everyone here would like a link .
