   top 2 for friendliest people, 
  out of curiosity what was number 1 ? 
  and thank you for the lengthy reply !, 
  thanks for the reply . 
  the weather situation definitely opens up a lot more options !, 
  thanks man , i 'm booking my flights either today or tomorrow !, 
  thanks for your help, 
  i did a j-1 last summer ( from ireland ) . 
  i was a student back then and ended up working as a painter in chicago . 
  it was not fun painting all day in the chicago summer heat when you 're a pasty white irish boy !, 
  contrary to what / u/dr _ lugh says , you do n't need a pre-arranged job . 
  lots of students in ireland go on a j-1 visa and some do n't even get jobs . 
  you 're supposed to go over with a view of getting a job but a lot of people do n't . 
  any questions pm me !, 
  yeah i just had the one job . 
  it was really hard for me to find work because i was working in chicago in the summer where there 's an influx of thousands of irish j1ers . 
  for us most of the work was in the tourist/hospitality industry although i managed to find work painting . 
  if you 're working on a ski resort i presume you 're going in winter . 
  to be honest i have no idea how easy or hard it would be for a traveller to find work . 
  i can only speak on my experience and because i was one of thousands of irish in a city with limited job opportunities i would n't say my advice would be much use !, 
  stop making excuses and book the tickets !, 
  that 's what i just did, 
  not trying to be a fun sponge but this is fake . 
   smithwicks, 
  ah you should be on the black stuff !, 
  hi everybody !, 
  i 'm a 22 year old guy in dublin and last night i booked myself a month away in vietnam in october/november . 
  i have travelled solo before but only a couple of days at most so i 'm quite nervous but i can not wait to go . 
  i 'm flying in to hcmc and have n't really go a plan as of yet . 
  the one place i want to go is phu quoc . 
  has anybody been there and is it a place that backpackers generally spend a few days or is it more of a tourist resort with expensive hotels etc ? 
  i knew somebody would say this . 
  it is not appreciated !, 
  i 'm drunk right now and need some inspiration since i 'm in work in 4 hours, 
  i know he can be placed on ir but is it worth it at this point ? 
  how much money would we save if we cut him ? 
  thanks . 
  this will be a temporary solution until somebody with more knowledge comes along . 
  using 960 classes means i should n't have to use < br  or pixel width, 
  brilliant , thanks a lot !, 
  being in ireland that 's basically tomorrow :(, 
  that soundtrack is going to be brilliant, 
  that 's great , works perfectly . 
  thanks very much !, 
  it 's st. patricks day, 
  new side-bar ? 
  seriouslyn ? 
  your grammar was actually correct !, 
  good shout in the falcons !, 
  i 'm an irish falcons fan too . 
  join us at / r/falcons, 
  i am but if i perform as i did at the last assessment i will not pass the next one as it 's a lot harder and rigorously assessed . 
  i order it off nfl.com and my uncle brings it from boston when he visits . 
  he 's coming in october but i have no money atm for a julio jersey so i 'll probably end up getting it shipped to ireland later in the year from nfl.com which is a pain in the arse !, 
  so something similar to 9/11 ? 
  as in an actual attack on the us, 
  i have considered that but it 's $ 200 to join and you ca n't pay weekly which is a shame . 
  i will try out that book though , thanks . 
  got 44 . 
  spent ages trying to figure out how to spell `` dezmen '' and `` stansly '' . 
  i also missed roddy somehow !, 
  if you can find it the eden lodge paarl is supposed to be amazing . 
  i work in an off licence and i 've had several customers come in and buy it by the crate because it 's so nice . 
  i 'm sorry but what the actual fuck . 
  is this real ? 
   why do n't you try and sound like a moderately informed shop keep ? 
  the purpose of this post ... nevertheless thank you for your reply . 
  that 's numerwang !, 
  sign up for the list guys . 
  we 're all waiting for an invite . 
  just do n't wear gloves . 
  use chalk for extra grip and if you really need to you can use wraps for things like rows . 
  you 'll get callouses within maybe a week and you hands wo n't hurt anymore . 
  i would also love to buy one . 
  postage could be expensive as i 'm in ireland, 
  that 's a relatively low risk best for that high if a stake !, 
  i would love to do something like that !, 
  i have never ridden a motorbike before although i do have a driving licence . 
  what are the rules/regs like in vietnam with licences for foreigners ? 
  edit : arriving in hcmc on 22nd october . 
  may be too late to join you, 
  yeah i was thinking about doing it myself or if i can find somebody to do it with me that would be even better . 
  the only issue would be cycling with a large back pack . 
  i plan on travelling light but i still think i 'll need something bigger than a 25l, 
  well i do n't mind doing it by myself . 
  i did n't think of getting a luggage rack added , i will definitely think about it , thanks for the idea, 
  i was in spain and a guy did this to a waiter . 
  the waiter went up to the guy and started snapping his fingers in the guys face . 
  it was brilliant, 
  exactly the response i was looking for , thanks very much . 
  if i took a week to cycle through the delta and maybe 3 days on phu quoc that means i 'd have about 2 weeks to see the rest of what i want to see . 
  at this point i 've accepted i wo n't get to see everything so i 've decided to not see the north . 
  i just want to get up the coast as far as hue before my flight leaves from hcmc on the 19th of november . 
  do you think this would be enough time to see the main sights along the way ? 
  also do you think i 'm over planning a little bit ? 
  i know people say just go with the flow but this is my first solo trip and i 'd feel a lot more comfortable having a plan , even if i do n't end up sticking to it . 
  at the moment i just want to make sure i get a couple of days in nha trang , hoi an and hue whilst visiting some more rural towns along the way . 
  once again thanks for your help , you sound like an experienced traveller so i thought i 'd make the most of your reply !, 
  about 5 years ago i took up golf but only played about 5 rounds total at most . 
  recently i have been playing a lot on my local par 3 course as the weather has been good .
