  any ideas ? 
  thanks, 
  you can ride as defensively as you like but all it takes is a driver that 's not paying attention and there 's nothing you can do about it . 
  stop trying to justify not wearing a helmet , there 's literally no good reason to not wear one, 
  my so and i are both 24 and she enjoys fiddling with my dingaling similar to op, 
  i think it 's funny and generally do n't mind although at times i 'll get hard even though i do n't really want to which can be annoying, 
  if you 're going past a t-junction and a motorist pulls out without looking , hope your wearing a helmet . 
  if you 're on a roundabout and the motorist is in the wrong lane , hope you 're wearing a helmet . 
  i get what you 're saying but that does n't mean your should n't wear a helmet . 
  it 's not that it 's not obvious . 
  i 'm just saying that you should wear a helmet as nothing is guaranteed . 
  luv u, 
  if you want to do it that way then you need a smaller scale to fit the page . 
  type units in the command line and set to metres . 
  still draw in model space at 1:1 but set your viewport to 1:20 or something . 
  i do n't really think there 's another option unless you draw a line 6000mm long . 
  just wanted to comment to let you know that kind of opinion is n't widespread amongst decent human beings, 
  interesting thought . 
  we 'll try more lube and i 'll experiment with different soaps etc, 
  yeah definitely . 
  thanks, 
  we use durex real feel i think it 's called . 
  we used that with the condoms also ( it 's safe to use , we checked ) so i do n't think that 's the issue . 
  will try peeing after sex , she does n't usually do that . 
  thanks, 
  as a structural engineer ... no , architects are clueless, 
  could you do this - day 2 trip to galway , stay there explore etc then day 3 do cliffs of moher out of galway then head back to dublin early that afternoon , spend the evening and next morning in dublin before you leave . 
  put that in your memoirs, 
  also looked to me like the car was already through the stop sign, 
  ca n't see an italics novelty account catching on ... 
  i did n't hover accidentally . 
  it happens on every image, 
  if sweden win then no, 
  i 'm fairly certain that if sweden win they 'll go through as they 'll be ahead of us on goal difference . 
  they 're +2 at the moment, 
  yeah you 're right . 
  makes things a lot simpler then, 
  if scotland votes to leave the uk is it really that easy for them to just get back into the eu ? 
  stop making excuses . 
  then maybe your life will change for the better, 
  you could pay me to do it , 
  it 's really just a collection of polylines and it seems pretty well dimensioned ( which is better than what most architects give me ) . 
  just google how to use the basic commands in autocad such as pline , circle , trim etc and it should n't take you more than a couple of days . 
  converting to metric will be tedious af though !, 
  i do n't know which one to comment on so i can get that early bird karma, 
  that was it . 
  for some reason by default they were time stretched ... i do n't know why but i guess i 'll just have to reset then when it happens . 
  thanks, 
  or they kind who say it 's gay the second it goes to the ground, 
  what company is that ? 
  i get paid fuck all, 
  that 's more than some of the engineers at my company make here in ireland, 
  get a squatty potty, 
  ok i 'll try to make myself clearer . 
  each person puts in $ 10 . 
  let 's say that there are 10 people which makes a total pot of $ 100 . 
  if there are 10 fights and each person guesses who they think will win each fight , i 'd like to know how much each fights would be worth based on the amount of people who guessed the winner of that fight correctly . 
  hopefully that 's a little clearer , 
  thanks this works fine . 
  if there are 0 correct guesses i 'll just make the next one worth double, 
  i hope you 're not one of those cunts that thinks it 's ok to sit in the middle lane because you 're doing the speed limit, 
  was that with express shipping ? 
  i picked standard ( free ) shipping but my order confirmation still says priorityesu, 
  i ordered today and estimated dispatch date is 10th august . 
  standard shipping to ireland . 
  graphite i 'm afraid, 
  just to let you know mine just dispatched day after order so no need to cry !, 
  in case anyone is worried - i ordered mine yesterday afternoon to roi and it dispatched this morning . 
  * minimalistik, 
  how long did it take to arrive from processing in hannover ? 
  my tracking currently looks identical to yours but i 'm going on holiday on wednesday , hoping i get it before then !, 
  sliced bagels, 
  it about discipline not motivation, 
  make sure you do n't just focus on one body part or you 'll have a lot of problems later on, 
  no dragons but that tractor was a beast, 
  i was there 2 weeks ago and somehow got lucky enough to see them, 
  he did n't though, 
  emoticons also do n't make something cringey ... 
  you should still get checked out , could be internal bleeding etc, 
  you can also download regions in google maps, 
  good to know before i run into that problem myself, 
  some people fart more than others . 
  even women fart !, 
  just get over it . 
  if she disgusted by something you both do then she 's probably a bit immature . 
  vice versa if you 're freaked out by her letting one rip, 
  similar thing happened to me where i was stuck between two people like this ( not quite as large but still pretty hefty ) and air canada did nothing for me, 
  i usually play cup games and all away league games as i 've noticed they 're usually harder to win when you sim them, 
  plus it gets cold but not too cold . 
  but the wind might cut you in two some days, 
   basic 3 toad stack, 
  i want to see some of the more complex variations, 
  more likely to be dog shit, 
  yeah it 's true you can get one for that price . 
  it 's that kind of shiny material though . 
  for a wool blend i paid $ 140 for jacket and trousers . 
  i would recommend kimmy though , their prices are good and the quality is also very good compared to some of the other tailors in hoi an, 
  i just find the learning curve way too steep . 
  can never seem to get into it, 
  yeah , do n't get your panties in a twist,
