  200lbs is nothing . 
  that would be my first choice yes, 
  i was wondering about this and how much colour blindness actually affects you when flying . 
  i know that it 's to do with runway lights etc but are they really that hard to differentiate between or is being strict on colour blindness more of a precaution ? 
  exactly and probably not for more money . 
  more responsibility that you 're not being compensated for, 
  mlep that top note, 
  after saying he 's half irish, 
  alvarez injured ? 
  they way he took off his shoes was weird and he got into the scale pretty gingerly, 
  big dick wo n't stop all those splinters, 
  it 's espresso not expresso . 
  also here in ireland a lot of people say col-yum for column, 
  world, 
  it 's why i love overwatch so much , i can actually see people, 
  i do n't know why but shaggy horgan always comes off a little salty when ireland lose, 
  my entire job ... 
  it is a game for everyone . 
  i 'd say a good percentage of the lads at my club are not ` buffed up freaks ' . 
  me on the other hand ... 
  i may be late to this but i was in southern vietnam when i found out my grandfather had died . 
  i was on the island of phu quoc watching the most beautiful sunset when i got the call 10 minutes after the sun set . 
  could n't think of anywhere better to hear that news to be honest so i would recommend phu quoc . 
  sorry for your loss and i 'm sure that wherever you choose will be a fitting place, 
  the grass is always greener on the other side, 
  one of the 3 day cheap tour boats dropped us off on cat ba and we just stayed there and rented kayaks for a couple of days . 
  took a few hours to get to cat ba so we got to experience the cruise for a few hours . 
  much better i think . 
  we were thinking of doing a 3 day cruise but by the time we got off the boat we were glad we did n't . 
  why would n't you go ? 
  it 's amazing there, 
  depends on you i guess . 
  i did it with 2 friends but would easily have done it by myself . 
  you could do a smaller road trip if you do n't want to be alone for so long , 
  fortunately i found a way to convert vbk to pdf because their reader software is shit . 
  just printed it in work then, 
  there 's no pdf for my module anyway . 
  all of the other material comes in pdf form but not the text book, 
  6 modules for a masters . 
  i think a degree is 12 but do n't think they 're # 2k each, 
  excellent thanks, 
  come on really ? 
  it 's a ballpoint pen in the first picture ... 
  cool i 'll add you tonight, 
  thanks i 'll give that a go, 
  thank you !, 
  i know a few lads who do this and i do n't get how they ca n't see how wrong it looks, 
  what do you think has made it finally click for you ? 
  honestly i 'm gutted that cruz lost . 
  i think garbrandt is a bell end . 
  good fight though, 
  we 're just outisde dublin so hopefully that wo n't be a problem, 
  thank you , we 'll contact the health board for more advice, 
  eat less , exercise more, 
  both haaaaaands, 
  what 's a french press ? 
  sorry i only aero press, 
  somehow in atlanta there is a guy who is drunk and is eating how amazing e are . 
  it 's me, 
  choclit, 
  that was 2016 though, 
  my dad did it this way and i 'm glad . 
  it 's made me more competitive . 
  although i 'm 25 now and i have still yet to beat him at scrabble . 
  maybe when he goes senile, 
  even ohp annoys me . 
  just pull it off the floor . 
  most people just are n't lifting that much to justify using the rack, 
  i 've been on strength programs for a while and recently got back to the gym after a long lay-off . 
  been on madcow for 10 weeks and have been getting lots of compliments on size . 
  maybe just genetics ? 
  so you have one set of clothes you usually wash once a week and no underwear ? 
  and you go to the gym 4 times a week ? 
  fair enough . 
  i have some merino shirts that can get a bit smelly after around 4 days use . 
  i did n't pay as much as you though so maybe mine are n't as high quality, 
  i know it should n't be anything crazy and i will get there - i 've been making good progress . 
  i was just worried that i would have to gain a massive amount of weight . 
  if i stay at my current weight can i get much stronger ? 
  or is it just using a slow progression like 531 ? 
  my programming is fine , i 'm making imrpovements . 
  i just wondered if i need to be continuously gaining weight to continue making improvements . 
  i 'm on madcow atm , will be switching to 5/3/1 soon though . 
  thanks you 've answered my question . 
  basically eat a fuck load , gain some strength . 
  then when i do a cut i might lost a little strength but my bodyweight to strength ratio will be higher, 
  so if i am building muscle while bulking when i cut i should n't lose too much strength ? 
  that 's what i mean . 
  i would love to know how he got to that point . 
  just a series of bulks and cuts over a long time ? 
  or a freak ? 
  colour blindness . 
  all i 've ever wanted to be was a pilot . 
  and i ca n't do that thanks to my shitty eyes, 
  i congratulate you for owning up to your mistake :p, 
  maybe you should hand it in to your local police station . 
  i actually do like a good story, 
  at first i would aim towards a local script just because it seems simpler but i would like to have a webapp that other people could use . 
  do you know of anywhere that i could start learning about how to do this ? 
  just incase you are wondering [ here ] ( http://api.irishrail.ie/realtime/ ) is the api that i would like to use .
