  i told myself to stay calm ; there must be a logical explanation . 
  of course there was , this kind of thing does n't happen to normal people . 
  i reread the message once more . 
  * `` mr clark , unfortunately you have become a liability to us and consequently must be disposed of . 
  we apologize for this inconvenience . 
  yours faithfully ,, 
  j.m. '' . 
  is there an app where i can keep track of what i 'm eating with an option to write how much protein/how many calories etc i 'm eating each day ? 
  that was hilarious, 
  i ca n't stop laughing at matt 's face . 
  i was disappointed with this . 
  i had hoped it would give you the option to log strength workouts but it does n't . 
  i 've yet to find a decent app that actually does . 
  like i said in the op i 've tried this . 
  i 've actually tried it multiple times now but i 'm still getting the error . 
  just hoping the next update fixes it, 
  [ this ] ( http://m.youtube.com/watch?v=gsnar6fruo0&amp;desktop_uri=%2fwatch%3fv%3dgsnar6fruo0 ) sound . 
  just not at 6pm, 
  `` thanks for the gold kind stranger '', 
  just pressed record and it was good to go, 
  i loved claude the scuba instructor in along came polly . 
   are you guys for scuba ? 
  i 'm glad the fo is starting to move on the o-line early in the off season, 
  yours looks better . 
  as for the reason it 's a jpeg , i have no idea . 
  i uploaded a gif to imgur, 
  i 'm not from america so can someone tell me why the hatred for the saints is so strong ? 
  sure they 're division rivals but it seems like there 's more to it than that, 
  eh no , do n't give us weekly updates . 
  she should give us an update in a year if she sticks with it that long . 
  by that logic you 'll get 2 weeks in and think `` i 've been at it for 2 weeks , i deserve a rest '' . 
  slippery slope ... 
  i signed up for a skeleton talent id day a few days ago . 
  i 'm quite fit and spend a lot of time in the gym . 
  i 'm a good all around athlete but would n't be world class based on pure athleticism . 
  what advice would you give to somebody like me and is it possible to be good at sliding sports like skeleton without being a world class athlete . 
  loving this series , it 's nice to see full uncut episodes again, 
  the part where adam is talking about the surgery and says `` yo dick gon na get killed '' . 
  right around 15mins i think, 
  i do n't know , it really sounds like killed to me . 
  thanks man !, 
  who 's the guy on the end implying that lancaster talking to the ref beforehand is in some way cheating or a bad thing . 
  lining up the ref excuse just in case . 
  not that i think he 'll need it . 
  i think england will fluff the opening 20mins and ireland will build a lead that england ca n't come back from, 
  i think this is fairly realistic . 
  or we trade back a few spots . 
  either way i do n't just see us sitting at 6, 
  a couple i 'm looking for, 
  a more reliable version of gymwolf where i can track strength workouts . 
  i ca n't find one and i 'm actually learning to make apps just so i can make one . 
  a messaging app that centres all of my messages like text , facebook , whatsapp etc all in one . 
  not sure if this is possible but if it was and there was an app that would be cool, 
  i think we should go defense in round 1 but it would be so exciting to see what our offense could do with julio , roddy and watkins . 
  crazy stuff . 
  also the fact that we 'd be getting an extra 3rd makes me feel better about going wr in round 1, 
  loving this series so far , it 's amazing . 
  please do n't just make it a mini series, 
  i saw it on / r/wtf last week . 
  the guy said this was where his roommate lived, 
  as exciting as clowney would be to have on the team i do n't think we should risk trading up for him . 
  maybe take him if he falls to 6 but i 'd also love to see us take mack, 
  it was $ 3.99 in h&m . they also had hoodies that said '' #blackhoodie '' on them , in case that floats your boat also, 
  there will be blood, 
  that 's a big vagina, 
  guy on the right looks a lot like karl from workaholics, 
  an overly large house would n't be useless though . 
  imagine the games of hide and seek ... 
  a cure for cancer, 
  lyk 4 cancer cure, 
  i 'm the guy on the right wearing the stupid hat, 
  nope it 's cassidys on westmoreland st. and i cant remember , i think he had a pint when i saw him, 
  took this during the week http://i.imgur.com/bvfekix.jpg, 
  loving this series , keep it coming !, 
  you need / r/moviesuggestions, 
  ham , cheese and ploughmans pickle . 
  for anyone who has n't tried ploughmans pickles i urge you to . 
  it 's delicious, 
  yeah it still works but it was just removed from the store, 
  glance screen . 
  all of my ios/android using friends are amazed that i do n't have to press a button to check the time . 
  i can just pull my phone out of my pocket and the time will show without having to press anything . 
  pretty cool, 
  i definitely under appreciated it . 
  and i did n't even realise the clock thing until it was mentioned by my friends, 
  they would n't be on the ground with military forces . 
  there is a lot of argument as to whether what has happened in crimea actually constitutes an attack or not . 
  it 's not as simple as just switching gas providers . 
  there are major infrastructural changes that have to be made such as new pipelines etc. 
  that 's a really great outlook on relationships , thank you . 
  sorry i 'm very late but is professional youtubing a secure job ? 
  i often see yt channels that have a couple of really popular videos and then the views seem to drop off . 
  i think it would be foolish of us to go into the season relying on toilolo and coffman as our starters . 
  sure they might be good enough but it would be nice to have a solid veteran just in case it does n't work out . 
  yep tried it several times . 
  edited the op to explain that i ca n't back up . 
  it opens but when i press to go into backup i just get the loading screen for maybe 5 seconds and then it kicks me back out into the settings menu . 
  i hope i did to , i ca n't remember if i did or not . 
  judging by my skydrive i do n't think i did . 
  thanks for your help anyway,
