  `` yeah man , the warp drive , '' the once famous musician had started to loosen up and was becoming more animated , `` we need the warp drive . 
  that 's the reason i 'm here , we have to get the warp drive '' he finished with a strong sense of urgency in his voice . 
  clearly ` the warp drive ' was of paramount importance . 
  `` i 'm sorry jay-z but i really do n't know what you 're talking about . 
  we 're just trying to establish if your mind is functioning in the way that it had done when you were frozen . 
  if you pass these tests you 'll be free to go . '', 
  `` shit man do n't you get it ? 
  there 'll be no point in any of this if we do n't get the warp drive soon . '', 
  he tried to get up out of the bed but was too slow . 
  i imagined he 'd been quicker when he was young and healthy . 
  after a short struggle he appeared to relax and lay back down on the bed , gesturing to my assistants that they need no longer restrain him . 
  just wake up beyonc\u00e9 and we 'll explain everything . '', 
  i did n't get socks this christmas and now every day when i go to put on a pair of black work socks i wish somebody had bought me some new ones . 
  genuinely thinking of asking for socks next year, 
  i really would n't want to see us let julio walk . 
  remember , the cap increases pretty much every year so we might have some extra room to sign him . 
  that 25 % of money tied up in matt and julio will probably decrease, 
  i do n't know , i do n't think i could bear seeing him playing for anybody else . 
  great write up btw !, 
  most places offer contracts for 6 months to a year . 
  tefl cert is ridiculously easy to get online and a lot of schools in sea/asia will accept these certs . 
  if you 're interested head over to / r/tefl but just be careful because they tend to dismiss online certs very easily and while they may not be as comprehensive or allow you to teach in ireland , it is still very easy to get jobs with an online cert . 
  babe your tits are so moist, 
  i 'm not really good at anything but i 'm quite good at most things . 
  but that 's illegal !, 
  bring back the king !, 
  gymnop\u00e9die no. 1 by erik satie . 
  i want everybody crying and sad as fuck at my funeral, 
  i 'm trying to imagine that remix in my head but i do n't think it 's possible, 
  i went to cat ba and it was the highlight of my trip to vietnam . 
  the weather does n't seem like it 's too accommodating at this time of the year but as long as it 's clear you will be fine . 
  try to rent kayaks as they are the best way to see lan ha bay . 
  also try and do something with asia outdoors . 
  they do climbing/kayaking etc and doing deep water solo with them was unbelievable . 
  i have never been to quan l\u1ea1n and c\u00f4 t\u00f4 so have no idea how good they are compared to cat ba . 
  would you recommend doing celta in vietnam ? 
  if i wanted to do it i 'd have to take a month out of work and it would probably just be cheaper to take a month to do it in vietnam with cost of living etc, 
  `` pick you up at 3 ? '', 
  it might depend on the sex of the interviewer, 
  he probably has had sex but he mounts and then clings on for dear life kind of like gollum in lotr where he bites sam 's ear off at the end but instead of biting ears off he 's pumping away, 
  i would take $ 100 ' 000 and put the rest in the bank and forget about it . 
  then i 'd travel for as long as i needed to, 
  i presume you 'd quit after that ? 
  you may as well just ask `` reddit , what are your favourite porn videos ? '', 
  pedestrians never look behind them when crossing a t-junction . 
  if i 'm turning in and see a pedestrian i get so anxious that they 're not going to look, 
  thanks for the update !, 
  i 've actually just started an online course so might go with that with the hope of doing something more recognised in a couple of years . 
  where did you look for jobs and how was the selection process ? 
  my friend had to do multiple interviews on skype as well as make a video of himself explaining why he thought he was good for the job . 
  it seemed like a lot and gave me the impression that things are very competitive . 
  wow things moved quite quickly for you then !, 
  thanks a lot for advice . 
  if i have any questions would it be ok to shoot you a pm ? 
  am i the only one that likes this ? 
  thanks a lot !, 
  i am looking into getting a lesson , the sheer amount of online videos etc can be very confusing, 
  thanks , i 'll try this out next time i 'm at the range, 
  i played a little maybe 6 years ago but nothing more than a couple of rounds . 
  i 've only just recently got back into golf and while i feel my swing looks good , it 's horribly inconsistent . 
  i played a round on a full course ( i 've been playing a lot of par 3 because it 's cheap ) but i shot well into the 100s which is really frustrating, 
  uncircumcised men - wash behind your foreskin, 
  i snuck into the back garden of some middle aged people that were having a party . 
  i crept up the side alley of the house , flipped the plastic table with all of their drinks on it and ran . 
  thanks , i have had an engineer acquaintance look over my cv already and i have had some interviews so i feel that 's pretty strong . 
  it 's once i get to the interview i feel inadequate . 
  my cv is so overly complimentary of me and my skills that i feel it 's hard to be convincing in an interview . 
  i will take your advice on board , especially attending functions . 
  thanks a lot !, 
  i am irish so basically the same things apply here as in the uk, 
  i had my first lesson this morning as well . 
  definitely feels good to make some progress !, 
  step 1 . 
  take valium, 
  step 2 . 
  step 3 . 
  wake up at your destination, 
  and turn off your fucking fog lights, 
  thanks , i just posted the first one i came across . 
  thanks , makes me a lot more confident in what i 'm doing . 
  at least i 'm being consistent !, 
  i wait until i get to work to poo so that i get paid for doing it, 
  when you say create small holes to shore up big ones ... 
  it sounds like you 're saying that good qb/wr etc can cover for a poor d-line etc. 
  just look at us the last couple of seasons ... if that 's not what you 're saying then ignore this drunk mug, 
  there 's no evidence of an after life so i think it 's likely we all just become worm food . 
  i read a story somewhere that basically said we 're reincarnated as a person from any point in history when we die . 
  when we 've finally lived the life of every person that 's ever lived we become god and the whole thing starts over . 
  i 'd like to think something like that happens . 
  i would love that hybrid and if i win i will gladly pay for p & p to ireland !, 
  what 's red , brown and sticky ? 
  that bloody stick again, 
  sorry i meant playing properly as in full 18 hole courses and practicing regularly . 
  well i 've played a lot at the local par 3 course last summer . 
  since i 've started playing full courses a few weeks ago i 've been practicing a lot and having lessons . 
  i also play 3 times a week although admittedly it 's the same course each time . 
  since i 've seriously gotten into golf i 've been pretty obsessive about it so maybe that 's why my scores are low . 
  i love mark crossfield 's course vlogs . 
  especially when he has lockey and/or rory playing, 
  i currently chip balls of a small piece of carpet , carry the wooden floor and hopefully land them softly on the dogs bed .
