  thanks , i 'll look into this . 
  oh cool thanks , i 'll check that out, 
  you 're acting as if people ram strength training down your throat . 
  if somebody posts saying they want to be able to run 5k then they usually get advice about that . 
  actually espn fantasy rugby is very popular where i live, 
  the car on the side of the road that has no cars parked at the kerb has right of way . 
  at least where i 'm from, 
  when you shit can you please do it all in one spot instead of shitting a little bit then doing that weird half shitting half walking thing and dropping the rest 3ft away from where you originally started shitting . 
  thanks kosmo, 
  but using zens discord on bastion means not using it on somebody . 
  i get that it negates his buff but it still comes with a cost, 
  you must n't watch the ufc :p, 
  so what you 're saying is that you 're prioritizing other commitments over your sr. . that 's how life works, 
  why are the italians all wearing sports bras ? 
  i also think using barbell exercises is more impressive to most people and the fact you can measure in a clear way ( 200kg squat sounds more impressive than 5 muscle ups to most people ) is probably appealing . 
  because they 're making judgements about personality . 
  the one who said she does n't like guys who work out religiously said that because she feels as if they 're vein and would hold women to the same standards . 
  if she 'd said it was because she did n't find muscle attractive then it 's fine . 
  but that person is judging somebody 's personality based on their hobby . 
  steve 's come back to this is great, 
  i just started building my collection of addons for fsx . 
  should i quit while i 'm ahead and just get x-plane ? 
  no specifics really , i just wanted a jumping off point to get me started . 
  that site looks useful , thanks, 
  i 'm colour-blind . 
  believe me i 'd love to be able to, 
  ireland . 
  that being said i am going to try the medical . 
  i passed an online anomaloscope so that gives me some hope, 
  yeah if i fail the medical i think i will go for a lapl, 
  i definitely will be doing this soon . 
  do you know any pilots who thought they were colour blind and ended up getting licenced ? 
  yeah it 's fsx, 
  it 's everything according to both twitter accounts, 
  there was a bus and rail strike here last friday . 
  i could n't get into work - free day off . 
  is there anyone i can watch that actually actively teaches about positioning ? 
  have always wondered how to learn this, 
  it 's nice to have your own space sometimes, 
  looks like more of an acid attack, 
  followed you too, 
  the portion sizes are usually so small i 'll take it when it 's offered, 
  as if they 're selling postcards they made . 
  they just bought them in a shop around the corner and are selling them at a slightly higher price . 
  it 's basically begging . 
  teenagers are confused people, 
  he 's not saying they 're dumb , just not as intelligent as a 7 year old child, 
  i saw someone suggest having genji pop up when battery gets below 15 % so i made a komponent . 
  feel free to add it to your folder, 
  yeah you 're all cunts, 
  thanks for the feedback . 
  when i did the edits a few days ago i thought it looked great but uploading the original for this post made me think i should have been way more subtle . 
  do you like the composition of the original better as well ? 
  thanks !, 
  i thought so , looks a bit weird does n't it ? 
  i do n't really know what i was going for , i just thought it looked cool at the time . 
  maybe if i 'd committed and decided on a certain look i 'd have achieved a better result, 
  thanks i 'd appreciate it if you could send me the psd file . 
  i 'm new to learning pp beyond the basics so it would be cool to see what you 've done, 
  it was a premiership footballer who said it first or at least popularised it . 
  a lad on our rugby team is a team gb boxing s & c coach and anthony made a short video with him wishing us luck for the weekends games . 
  really cool , delighted he won, 
  i do n't think she 'll ever take it lightly again . 
  people can feel remorse you know, 
  unfortunately it is n't really up to you to decide what is a good enough reason for somebody to decide what happens to their own body . 
  not true actually , kurszegat ( sp . ), 
  did a good video on this . 
  on mobile now but will link it later, 
  do you people actually like this sub ? 
  every life hack posted here has somebody like you shitting all over it or acting like they do n't need any life hacks because they 're superior . 
  i do n't know shit about bjj but the way he moves is so entertaining . 
  you 're watching and all of a sudden you 're saying to yourself `` how the fuck did he end up there ? '' . 
  it 's like you 've been watching the entire time but still do n't know how it happened , it 's crazy, 
  good to know in case i miss the start of the event, 
  i got gold from bronze recently and i think it 's due to just watching twitch and learning effective call outs, 
  did the movement of the tree not fuck up your exposure ? 
  yes but it 's a life hack for a situation where you may not have a tripod with you, 
  someone that 's not a pro ? 
  a pro that 's forgotten their tripod or who 's tripod broke . 
  seriously ... 
  i do n't think i 'd have used orange at all, 
  i was showing a picture and being given baby lotion . 
  i will try again . 
  i 'm on the way to uniqlo to buy some better lighter underwear, 
  hi everyone thanks for your replies . 
  i managed to find some knee length airism underwear in uniqlo which is working well, 
  yes because it 's still dangerous, 
  is this really what we need ? 
  seems like a temporary solution and i ca n't see it changing much, 
  well the only time you should be in the middle lane is if you 're passing or intend to pass somebody in the left lane, 
  oh good , i did n't know that . 
  thanks , should make driving down the n4 less stressful, 
  we were thinking of just having an extra day in tokyo making 4 total for us . 
  do you think an extra day in tokyo is worth missing osaka entirely for ? 
  `` tell me about the rabbits george . '', 
  - you, 
  youtube took it down, 
  i would n't say somebody is an idiot for using youtube as a resource . 
  if somebody has never travelled before it could be their only resource , naive but not idiotic . 
  i made all the same mistakes as this guy when first travelling ( happened to also be vietnam although i think he is a bit overly negative here ) and all of my travel experiences after and including that first trip have been positive .
