  i still live at home because i 'm a pleb, 
  thanks !, 
  i 'd second this . 
  i was there just last week and qu\u00e9bec city is beautiful . 
  being in the old town is like being in a small town in the french alps . 
  as for montr\u00e9al the pont a calliere ( sp . ), 
  museum is definitely worth a visit if you 're into the history of montr\u00e9al . 
  also mont royal is really close by and offers the best view of the city by far . 
  edit : i forgot to mention schwartz 's deli for a smoked meat sandwich . 
  it 's on st. laurent blvd. 
  here you go https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=ksybqz_jqfy, 
  only in private schools . 
  it 's definitely where you grew up . 
  the majority of players at my club were not schools players, 
  i 'm an englishman living in ireland hence my flair . 
  me supporting england makes things a bit more exciting amongst my friends, 
  always wanted to be a pilot but i 'm colour blind so i ca n't be . 
  this is the next best thing, 
  and your comment adds what to the discussion ? 
  joe.ie are so biased it 's ridiculous . 
  i get that they 're an irish site but it gets a little repetitive after a while . 
  they need to get off mcgregor 's dick, 
  we 're a few dates and just looking for something different . 
  both 23 , 
  great idea , that sounds really fun, 
  it feels too forced or something, 
  we do n't have those in ireland but clay pigeon shooting might be fun !, 
  that would be amazing if i could find such a place, 
  we 're not bored , we just like to try new things, 
  it still has the odd decent post, 
  / r/lifehacks . 
  the comments section of nearly every single post is people shitting on the lifehack . 
  i bet money on diaz submitting mcgregor in the second round . 
  i 'm irish and people hate the fact i betted against mcgregor . 
  still proud i guessed it though, 
  realising something ... `` ah i see said the blind man '', 
  what do you call a woman with one leg ? 
  what do you call a woman with no legs ? 
  noleen, 
  what do you call a woman standing in the middle of a tennis court ? 
  what do you call a woman standing in between two house ? 
  what do you call a man with a shovel in his head ? 
  doug, 
  thank you for such a great detailed response . 
  you 've helped me realise that i 've always just gone straight for the glans . 
  it 's not that i do n't know where the clitoris is , i just expected it to be easy to find like with most other women i 've been with . 
  i guess i 've been a one trick pony until now !, 
  some of the techniques you described will definitely be helpful and you 've made me realise that i 'll have to be patient and experiment rather than just going straight for the glans of the clitoris . 
  and thanks for reminding me that it 's not all about getting her off !, 
  it 's a fucking statue , get over it, 
  best view in the city going over that bridge on the train, 
  looks like brown is trying to squeeze chateris ' wrist to break it . 
  cunt, 
  that 's ridiculous . 
  it 's a highly inappropriate thing to say especially for a professional sportsman . 
  i understand people say these things in the heat of the moment and the fact that marler apologised says something but he should know to not say things like that . 
  i would n't be complaining about a citation to be honest . 
  seriously . 
  one of my favourite players but lions captain ? 
  i do n't think so !, 
  about to weeks ago i had to sit in between two overweight persian ( read hairy ) men . 
  the guy on the aisle slept from the second he sat down until we landed . 
  i had to wake him 3 times over the course of 8 hours to go to the toilet etc. 
  he was also wearing a leather jacket that was sticking to me because of how sweaty i was from the two guys ' fat blankets pouring over me, 
  a minor thing but it annoys the fuck out of me, 
  i work for structural/civil engineering consultants and draftsmen ( called technicians now ) definitely still have a huge role . 
  most of the engineers are too busy to do their own drafting . 
  the technicians where i work do regular ga 's , revit models for larger projects and rc detailing . 
  there 's definitely a lot of work and usually we actually have a shortage of technicians . 
  it 's summer when the rain gets warm, 
  the last couple of years have been a bit crap i think . 
  i just had a couple of nose exhale type laughs for last years one, 
  it really would n't take much to break those bones, 
  are you not putting out ? 
  nice flat top, 
  i thought the commentary was a bit shit at times but in fairness it 's probably hard to think of stuff to say for that amount of time, 
   but he mainly won because he fought smart , stayed out of range and so avoided the vast majority of the power shots , picked his own shots, 
  so he outboxed him then ? 
  just as a heads up those rules say the short sword can be a maximum of 850cm in length . 
  i do n't play but i 'm guessing that 's not right !, 
  that was really boring . 
  no flow to it or anything , i cringed through most of it, 
  i did n't expect it to be so powerful but it was seriously impressive , especially being so close on the maid of the mist, 
  i 've always just called it the premiership, 
  i really wanted to see the lego man 's crushed face, 
  my gym has thick bars and thin bars . 
  the thin ones weigh 15kg and the thick ones are 20kg . 
  maybe this is why ? 
  she 's all over the road to be fair, 
  guinness storehouse seems like it would be something you might all enjoy . 
  great day out since you 're not here to get black out drunk, 
  late but when i was finishing school my friends and i snuck into the principals office , barricaded the door and played [ this ] ( https://youtu.be/6zbi0xmgtmw ) over the intercom . 
  a teacher broke her hand because she tried to punch the door ( her own fault ) and our punishment was an internal suspension where we had to help the janitor clean the school . 
  i just added you . 
  furuta1 steam id, 
  you rinse it out with water . 
  it takes maybe 20 seconds, 
  that flashable zip is no longer available . 
  just flashed sultans cm13 and there is no snapdragon app included still . 
  after flashing [ this ] ( http://forum.xda-developers.com/oneplus-x/themes-apps/app-snapdragon-camera-v2-1-t3265539 ) zip i get the force close error .
