  is getting punched something i just have to get used to ? 
  i find it really hard to coordinate punching and dodging punches at the same time . 
  it 's also hard for me to put together decent combos without letting my hand slip down . 
  also , i have trouble punching with my knuckles when i 'm on the heavy bag . 
  i feel as if i 'm punching more with the finger joint than the knuckles . 
  if i try to use my knuckles my wrist feels weak and bendy . 
  i am using wraps . 
  when shadow boxing what should i be doing ? 
  should i be throwing combos or imagining a fake opponent ? 
  i 've been trying to work on punching while moving but i 'm finding it difficult to move around an opponent to create different angles , even when shadow boxing . 
  finally , when sparring today my coach kept telling me i had good reach and to use it . 
  how do i utilize a long reach ? 
  sorry for the long post , my coaches are busy preparing the other fighters for this big competition this weekend so i 'm not really getting a lot of sparring time or 1 on 1 help from them . 
  thanks in advance for any replies !, 
  preferably under 30 minutes . 
  i 'm noticing a couple of problems in fsx . 
  i 'm running fex , orbx global and the photo real scenery for hawaii found [ here ] ( http://www.hawaii-photoreal.com/ ) . 
  you 'll probably be able to see the problems before i point them out but i 'll go ahead anyway !, 
  first of all , the photoreal scenery does n't look photoreal at all . 
  i have the scenery at the top in my scenery library list and i also donated the $ 6 to get the full versions so it 's a bit annoying that it does n't work . 
  i have all of my settings maxed in fsx as well so i 'm all out of ideas !, 
  secondly , do you see the lower level of clouds that runs against the mountain ? 
  i 'm not sure what that 's all about but it 's just a straight line and it looks awful . 
  i also have the same problem with the upper level of clouds ( sorry i do n't know the proper name ) where they just stop abruptly . 
  i have my cloud draw distance set to 80km which is the max i believe . 
  thanks for any help , i think i might be missing something in the settings but i ca n't figure out what . 
  i was n't subbed this time last year so i 'm just wondering how high you guys were on warrilow and jop ? 
  did anybody take notice of them coming in as udfas ? 
  edit : i found [ this ] ( http://boards.atlantafalcons.com/topic/3978585-paul-worrilow-neglected-hen/ ) on the falcons message boards in case anybody is interested . 
  i found it to be an interesting read, 
  i 'd like to get this picture of my dog printed for my parents ' 25th wedding anniversary . 
  could somebody please try removing the harness ? 
  also , is the photo at a high enough resolution to be printed ? 
  i know it 's only a jpeg which is n't ideal but if anybody could tell me the resolution as well i 'd be doubly as grateful !, 
  edit : i forgot the image [ woops !, 
  ] ( http://min.us/i/qisg1oruboju ), 
  thank you in advance !, 
  so i logged into rs for the first time in 6 years today and i 'm confused . 
  i have a few valuable items , or at least they were valuable when i was playing , and i 'm not sure how much they 're worth . 
  can somebody tell me if i 'm still considered reasonably well of ? 
  my most valuable items include a granite maul , addy legs , rune platebody , about 350 flax and 166k in gold . 
  is this stuff worth anything anymore ? 
  also , i remember i was making a lot of money turning the flax into bowstrings . 
  is this still a viable way of making money ? 
  thanks for your help guys !, 
  i started boxing about 6 weeks ago and i 'm still getting cramps in my hands . 
  it happens when i 'm on the heavy bag and it 's just inside my thumb , the same feeling you get when writing for a long time . 
  i got new gloves about 3 weeks ago and the problem seems worse with them however i thought they 'd have broken in by now . 
  is there anything i can do to break my gloves in quicker or strengthen my hand somehow so it does n't hurt so much ? 
  it 's really annoying . 
  thanks, 
  i 'm thinking of going on a solo trip for a couple of months . 
  one thing i see in nearly every post is how people on solo trips meet many great people and make many lasting friendships and connections . 
  i 'm just wondering how you all meet these people . 
  my main fear is going travelling and not being able to meet anyone . 
  so what are the best ways to meet people when travelling solo ? 
  last night i dreamt we beat the saints in week 1 with an 80 yard devonta freeman run with 15 seconds to go in the 4th . 
  i really ca n't wait for this season to start , i miss football, 
  i am fully caught up on the tv series and decided to start reading the books a few days ago . 
  however i 'm not enjoying them because as i read through the first book i find that i know everything that is going to happen . 
  which book should i start reading if i want to be up to date with the tv series ? 
  i do n't mind spoiling the tv series for myself if i am reading the books . 
  or should i read all of the books because there is stuff that the tv series has left out ? 
  thanks, 
  i loved anything to do with aviation for a very long time but only recently have i decided that i might want to pursue a career in the aviation industry . 
  when i was younger i found out i could not be a pilot due to having pretty bad red/green colour blindness . 
  recently i 've been thinking of applying to be an atc but only found out the other day that colour blindness also rules this out as a career for me . 
  my question is what careers in aviation are available to somebody with colour blindness ? 
  i have a degree in civil engineering already so would like to get into something that i do n't necessarily need to retrain for ( does n't mean i want to use my degree ) but will have some good opportunities . 
  i know it 's a fairly vague question but i 'm not sure how involved one can be with aircraft if they have colour blindness like i do . 
  really a list of jobs in the aviation industry would be ideal so i can research them . 
  thanks for any help . 
  i know this is n't strictly falcons related but was n't sure where else to post it . 
  it 's the track that plays just after the first team meeting . 
  thanks, 
  so i am about to book a solo trip to vietnam . 
  it will be my first trip and i really only have 2 questions . 
  first of all , i want to travel to ho chi minh towards the end of october for a month . 
  i have heard the weather is quite bad in the north around this time so i think i will stay in the south . 
  what is there to do in the south and will it keep me occupied for a month ? 
  or should i maybe think about travelling a bit further north ? 
  secondly , will ho chi minh be busy with backpackers this time of year ? 
  i want to travel solo mainly because i want to meet people but am not sure how easy this will be . 
  tell me it will be easy !, 
  finally , thanks to this sub for pushing me to travel solo . 
  before discovering this sub i probably would n't have considered it but seeing how rewarding and popular solo travel really is has convinced me to go for it . 
  so thank you all for that !, 
  hey guys . 
  i 've been learning html/css on codecadamy and now i 'm trying to make my own mock site using 960 templates but i 'm having some problems . 
  here is the link for the html file http://pastie.org/9480994 and here is the link to the css file http://pastie.org/9480996 . 
  the problem i 'm having is with positioning . 
  the part of the site that says `` our latest project , the batadorp interchange '' should be to the right of the image like is shown [ here ] ( http://imgur.com/cgkkzxp ) . 
  the grey box with the text was to the right of the image before i entered the text but i 'd like the text to just go onto a new line like in the image linked to above . 
  thanks for any help and as a side note if there are any good 960/bootstrap tutorials i 'd love to see them . 
  thanks, 
  i 'm using the 960 grid system . 
  i have created a rough [ home page ] ( http://imgur.com/gd4uyot ) for my first ever client ( a close friend so no pressure/fee involved ! ) . 
  obviously since i 'm using 960 grid system the template i have used above is only 960px across . 
  however , i am wondering how to get a background that will fill the rest of whatever size screen a potential viewer will have . 
  i 'm not really sure how to do this .
