  a rustling was coming from the bush behind me . 
  `` that is spork , one of zarlon 's henchmen , '' whispered sanjay , `` quickly we must go . '' and with that he scurried back the way i had walked , towards the forest . 
  a low grunting sound came from the bush and i quickly followed sanjay . 
  he did do something different by not reacting like every other opponent conor has faced . 
  he 's not affected by mcgregors antics and that 's why conor had to hit sivers hand - he wanted a reaction . 
  it makes me a little bit ashamed to hear irish fans shouting `` you german bastard '' . 
  i 'm not sure about the ending, 
  `` greetings weary traveller !, 
  my name is mukaji and i am your genie . 
  you have rubbed my lamp three time , rub rub rub , and now i am here to grant you one wish and one wish only . 
  what will it be ? '', 
  `` i did n't think all of that genie stuff was really true , '' said nate , `` i do n't really know what to wish for , you 've taken me by surprise . '', 
  twenty minutes ago nate had been half way up a cliff when he 'd spotted the lamp from the corner of his eye . 
  it was perched on a small ledge , glistening in the sun . 
  it was brighter than any normal lamp and nate could n't really look directly at it . 
  he had reached out carefully , picked up the lamp and clipped it onto a spare carabiner on his harness . 
  it was a curious object and it interested nate . 
  the lamp looked exactly like you 'd expect a genies lamp to look like and that was why , half-jokingly , nate had rubbed it three time when he 'd reached the end of his climb . 
  `` yes yes mr. nate , a wonderful surprise for you is n't it ? 
  here i am !, 
  so my friend , what will you wish for today ? 
  come now , i do n't have a lot of time . '', 
  `` um ... well i guess i could do with some new climbing shoes . 
  i 've been on this trip for 6 months and these ones are kind of worn out . '', 
  the genie raised his eyebrows with a mixture of intrigue and shock . 
  he quickly composed himself and let out a little chuckle , `` nate , you do realise you can wish for anything ? 
  anything at all my good fellow !, 
  now come , wish again ! '', 
  `` ok well i 've been travelling alone , i would n't mind getting laid . '', 
  `` ok nate , i do n't do this often . 
  i am about to give you some advice . 
  i can grant you anything you could wish for in the world . 
  you have one chance . 
  most people ask for three more wishes , which by the way is the one thing i ca n't do , or unlimited money or supernatural powers . 
  and even if i do n't want to grant those wishes , i have to . 
  you could wish for anything in the world !, 
  you could be an astronaut , you could fly , you could become the owner of apple or have the ability to predict the stock, 
  market with great accuracy . 
  use your imagination nate . '', 
  nate thought about it for a few seconds and although he did n't realise it at the time , this was a pivotal moment in his life because it was the moment when he realised he was happy . 
  `` well genie , i 'm not sure what to ask for . 
  i have enough money , my family and friends are alive and well and i 'm doing what i love every day . 
  i am happy with my life . 
  i have been incredibly lucky to find you here and i am sure there are many other people in the world that have a greater need for my wish . 
  i would like to give my wish to somebody who really needs it . 
  can you do that ? '', 
  the genie rolled his eyes and let out a sigh , `` yes nate , that can be done . 
  your wish has been granted ! '', 
  and just like that the genie was gone . 
  there was no puff of smoke or flash of light , just silence . 
  nate sat down on the warm rock and gazed out into the valley . 
  `` what a strange experience that was '' he thought , smiling to himself . 
  they sounded pretty irish to me, 
  why is n't there milk everywhere ? 
  nice , you gave me a tan !, 
  what is it with the nfl and hdr ? 
  steve pushed open the broken door . 
  it swung ajar with a long creak . 
  he cringed because he was trying to be as quiet as possible . 
  he crept into the house , sure to avoid all of the creaky floor boards because he wanted to catch the person that had broken in . 
  as he began to walk towards the kitchen steve heard a low groaning sound coming from upstairs . 
  being careful not to make any noise steve began to climb the stairs . 
  as he neared the top he noticed light seeping out of the crack in the bathroom door and walked closer . 
  steve then pushed the door open quickly and loudly in order to surprise whoever was in there . 
  `` who the fu ... '' steve began to shout . 
  `` what the ... oh my ... oh wow . '', 
  steve was n't really sure what to be more surprised about , the horrible smell that filled his nostrils or the red faced man sitting on the toilet with his trousers around his ankles . 
  `` oh no , i ` m so sorry ! '' exclaimed the young criminal . 
  `` what on earth are you doing ? '' asked steve . 
  `` well i came to steal some of your shit and now i 'm kind of using your toilet man . 
  could you excuse me for a second while i finish up ? '', 
  steve could n't believe what he was hearing . 
  this guy had broken into his house , had used his toilet to poo and then had the audacity to ask steve, 
  to leave while he finished wiping . 
  `` do you think i 'm some sort of pushover ? 
  explain yourself . '', 
  `` well , dude , i had chipotle for lunch and it 's just gone straight through me so i thought that since i was here i 'd use your toilet . '', 
  the young man squirmed on the toilet seat before steve heard the unmistakable sound of a cascade of sloppy poo hitting the water . 
  steve 's face must have looked shocked because the man looked up and said `` oh do n't worry dude , i 'll make sure i clean off the skiddies . 
  i 'll flush and everything . '', 
  steve 's mouth was hanging open in shock . 
  he quickly closed it when he realised he was probably swallowing thousands of tiny poo particles . 
  `` i 'm going to take a picture of you now , '' said steve , talking to the would-be thief as if he was a small child , `` and if i ever see you here again i will not hesitate to put it online . '', 
  steve pulled out his phone and snapped a picture of the man . 
  his face was bright red although steve was unsure if this was because the man was embarrassed or because he 'd been straining so hard to empty his bowels . 
  as he closed the door behind him steve heard more low grumbling sounds and more poo plopping into the water . 
  today was the day . 
  as i walked up to the steps of the clinic and the largely featureless building loomed over me i began to get a little nervous . 
  two years ago at 18 i 'd passed my driving test and i had n't felt nearly as nervous as i was now . 
  of course , the government 's decision to bring in the birthing test was controversial when it was proposed over 150 years ago . 
  they argued that it was needed because of the huge population boom . 
  major cities had become one huge metropolis a long time ago . 
  they say necessity is the mother of invention . 
  well , we needed more places for people to live and we now had buildings that stretched over 1000 meters into the sky . 
  this kind of growth could n't be sustained and so the overpopulation argument that the government gave , although it may not have been the real reason they introduced the birthing test , was a valid one . 
  the real reason they introduced the birthing test was because they did n't want stupid people breeding and i for one agreed with them . 
  you ca n't have idiots and people with ailments or afflictions breeding . 
  it 's not fair to the future of our race . 
  we must ensure that only the strongest people are allowed to have children because one day an invasion will come and when it does we will need to be strong to defeat the avlonians . 
  the test had multiple stages .
