  not me , i 'm just asking for everyone else, 
  i 'm going for my first olympic lifting coaching session in a few minutes and i 'm weirdly nervous . 
  i feel like my first day at the gym again . 
  just had to get that off my chest, 
  happens to me every time . 
  always reminds me of marmite when i see it on the toilet roll, 
  it went well , thanks for asking . 
  we just worked on the jerk for the first session . 
  they recommended i do a mobility session and then i will be able to join in with everyone else, 
  it went well , thanks for asking . 
  we just worked on the jerk for the first session . 
  they recommended i do a mobility session and then i will be able to join in with everyone else, 
  but that 's the rules of boxing ... 
  i know it 's late but i wanted to have a go anyway http://imgur.com/a/ggknp, 
  what are those massive circles of light ? 
  once you pay for the flights it 's surprisingly cheap there, 
  / r/gatekeepers, 
  op could just be the more mature person and ignore/block the milk guy ? 
  you 're racist, 
  me too . 
  shocked and outraged, 
  i always thought cyclists shaved their legs to reduce the chance of infection if they fall off and get road rash . 
  thanks for taking the time to reply . 
  i agree that i will be listening to my coach a lot but you have some good points and it is nice to know there is much to work on, 
  i sit for around 10 hours per day . 
  recently went for a mobility assessment and surprisingly my hip flexors are not shit like i thought they would be . 
  if op is active they may not be so bad . 
  there is a lot of hip flexor/sitting fear mongering on reddit . 
  also is the rock underexposed ? 
  it 's hard to see the detail in it but i did n't want to push it too far . 
  maybe i should have shot multiple exposures . 
  thanks for the reply . 
  i actually used a ( very recently purchased ) 3 or 6 stop nd filter here i ca n't remember ) . 
  at f/11 i thought everything would be sharp front to back but the sky is soft . 
  could my focusing just be off ? 
  it 's something i need to work as i 've never really took the time to experiment with it in camera ( hyperfocal distance etc. ), 
  have n't heard of this but i 'll research it a bit more when i get home . 
  are n't there regulations against that kind of data collection ? 
  i 'd have thought at least there would an eu regulation, 
  little big adventure 2 was another . 
  i spent so long playing that game and never completed it . 
  i come back to it every few years and never manage it . 
  i 've never met another person that 's played it either, 
  i 'm the same although pink and grey are ok for me . 
  i 've always wondered if it 's worth getting these glasses or if there is some way to try before i buy so i 'm sure they work, 
  deep, 
  cows eat grass tho, 
  i think he 's a student right now . 
  a lot of people in their 20s in ireland also still live with their parents so he might not have that expense . 
  he 's mentioned he does programming for people and also he has a patreon that gets around $ 250 per month i think so he probably gets by, 
  it 's annoying that i ca n't get my old account back tho :(, 
  it piss, 
  on bench i just do n't use clips and if it 's too heavy to roll of shame i 'll just tip the plates off each side ( i train at home , this might not be the best idea in a commercial gym ), 
  ah ok , they are only temporary files . 
  when i close textpad they all disappear . 
  thanks, 
  what if we found conclusive evidence that a new world order did in fact exist ? 
  by nwo i mean the theory that there is a one-world government and everything is controlled by them . 
  there are no truly independent states . 
  everything is decided by the nwo , members of which are the worlds most influential people/heads of state . 
  all ` conventional governments ' are puppets , put in power to act on the orders given by the nwo . 
  things are wrapping up in iraq for the u.s. and also in afghanistan for both u.s. and british forces . 
  these two nations are seen as the two major forces in the western world although it looks like once they begin to withdraw from iraq and afghanistan they will no longer have a war to fight . 
  my question is where do you think the next major conflict involving either of these two forces will be ? 
  tensions are high in syria of course but it looks as if measures are being taken to avoid conflict there . 
  will there even be another major conflict in the foreseeable future ? 
  edit : damn auto correct . 
  * dick to somebody, 
  i felt instantly proud when after halftime the fox sideline reporter told us how spoon had just given a very emotional speech and had come out of the dressing room with tears down his face . 
  and then we were shown shots of him on the sideline with tears in his eyes . 
  it 's so encouraging to see a player that has that much passion and cares so much about this team . 
  i ca n't wait for him to come back . 
  so i bought sc5 the other day and all it 's really done is make me want to play sc4 again . 
  what are some of the best mods to make it a better game ? 
  in the past i 've always had nam but have struggled to find other great mods . 
  so what are your suggestions ? 
  `` it looks like an indoor grenade range in here '', 
  me : we had lamb left over from sunday but it 's gone off, 
  african american slaves during the 17/1800s in case there 's any confusion, 
  for example , what the post boxes look like in australia, 
  so i 'm going to be ordering a lumia 1020 from amazon in the next few days . 
  i 'm a fairly clumsy person ( i dropped my lumia 520 in a urinal ) so i 'm going to get a decent case . 
  i have been looking at an otterbox . 
  i want to protect my $ 600 phone and i know those things will definitely do the job but they look so bulky . 
  can anybody recommend a case that will offer medium level protection against drops etc but will not be so bulky . 
  i have looked at lots of cases but am really unsure how much protection a plastic shell on the back of my phone will offer . 
  what would you guys recommend ? 
  i 've been doing stronglifts 5x5 for the past 4 months and i 've seen massive gains , it 's been great . 
  the biggest gains have been in my squat however , i 'm starting to have a couple of issues and have some questions . 
  my form has been fine up until now . 
  i 'm using heavier weights and now i 'm starting to see my form go . 
  mainly my left knee starting to come in on the way up . 
  is there anything i can do to stop that ? 
  i know form will suffer as a result of lifting heavy but i thought this was only on 1rm efforts so i 'm a bit concerned that it 's starting to go on 5r sets . 
  should i scale back the weight and try to work more on my form ? 
  although i 've been going parallel up until this point , i have n't been going as deep as i can . 
  i 've started doing 2 sets of ass-to-grass squats at the end of my 5x5 's . 
  as a result , including my warm ups , i 'm doing 9 sets of squats . 
  i love squatting , it 's my favourite exercise , but is 9 sets too much ? 
  at what point do you start adding in supplementary exercises ?
