  exactly . 
  it should be buses  cyclists  cars, 
  well i hate all of the posts/comments pointing out how negative people can be . 
  some people do n't like the content and use this sub to express that . 
  even if they do n't voice their opinion in an articulate manner it still counts and probably represents at least 500 youtubers that are n't on reddit . 
  you 're going to get negative posts in this sub . 
  stop licking arse by trying to point it out all the time and how much that sips ' content suits you in particular, 
  what a waste of energy . 
  that shot was so close to missing . 
  were you aiming for his head or just him in general ? 
  they look cool, 
  what would happen if the drone hit him in the face ? 
  but joffrey was n't king , the letter had just stated he was n't, 
  i see . 
  ok thanks for clarifying, 
  well the fact that jofrey is n't mentioned is irrelevant , the letter mentions ned as protector . 
  it does n't matter who it does n't mention . 
  although as another user pointed out , joffrey had already been named king which gives his orders priority over the dead king 's, 
  i hear this advice all the time . 
  as a high handicapper i feel like long game is more important . 
  i can easily hit ob off the tee costing me a shot but what 's the worst i can do around the green with a poor chip ? 
  i suppose it comes down to damage limitation vs getting the best score possible and going after it, 
  it 's not as if him pointing that out ruined some fantastic joke or interesting fact that you just told, 
  they 're for changing in, 
  they do get a cut from t-shirt sales, 
  and how much you hate reddit even though you 're still using it, 
  i discovered / r/opiates . 
  that place is fucked up . 
  full of people glorifying the use of heroine and various other opiates . 
  it 's sad really, 
  i did not know that and now feel like an idiot . 
  thanks for the heads up !, 
  do n't worry op , i 've been here a while and have n't seen this before . 
  some people just like to complain, 
  being closer generally does make me more accurate . 
  i feel like i can hit a green way easier with an 8i than i can a 5i . 
  once i go below a 6i things start getting funky so a good tee shot is very important for me at least, 
  hi , thanks for the reply . 
  i 'm very familiar with everything you mentioned . 
  the problem is that when i load up a drawing it has all annotative objects turned off by default . 
  i can easily turn them on by pressing the little icon on the bottom but it 's just an inconvenience because every dwg i have uses annotative scaling . 
  it 's a minor inconvenience but there has to be a way to change it . 
  i was using 2016 and never encountered this problem then downgraded to 2015 so i could get cadsrc installed and now i have this problem, 
  we were bowling and the question came up and we could n't think of any and i thought reddit will know some . 
  we are having a good laugh at all of these !, 
  this is the best one, 
  really ? 
  man i love the uk office more than life itself and i think this is the best one purely because it fits so well . 
  now it 's even better !, 
  those cunts have been the death of me in mtw2, 
  i have n't got a handicap yet . 
  my club and the gui require that you submit 3 18 hole scare cards to get a handicap . 
  i only really get to play after work . 
  i 've booked next monday off purely to play golf so i will hopefully get at least 2 rounds in then, 
  the wind that shakes the barley ( ireland ), 
  sports . 
  anything really but as long as they were active . 
  playing sports has so many benefits for a child, 
  st. patrick 's day . 
  we complain about how nearly every other parade in the world is better than ours . 
  almost got hit by a motorbike, 
  i 'm having a hard time picturing how this works . 
  i do n't really smoke, 
  i imagine that as being really fun, 
  many splinters, 
  miserable bastard, 
  i 've had a threesome with these two before, 
  dude, 
  it 's like that for every embedded that conor is involved in, 
  be grand, 
  it 's the same as craic you cunt, 
  my first thought when i saw this thread was of cato . 
  dude could talk for hours, 
  it 's crazy how your subconscious remembered that event, 
  it 's like the whole fucking santa thing except his mom is fucking his dad who is dressed as the tooth fairy, 
  you do n't just take steroids and magically look like that . 
  it still takes work . 
  exactly . 
  once you see those boulder shoulders you can normally assume there are steroids involved . 
  which is fair enough , it 's their body . 
   i am against steroid use, 
  what difference does it make to you ? 
  you 're only against it because you decided to be against it . 
  that 's like me deciding to be against cats or some stupid shit, 
  i hope he does n't see this post then, 
  should probably take a few night classes while he 's at it, 
  anyone watching on bbc ? 
  top muesli banter, 
  6th link . 
  i spent ages on the 7th trying to figure out what you were taking about haha, 
  only just read the sidebar . 
  ca n't delete on mobile . 
  sorry guys, 
  it is possible to have better than 20/20 vision, 
  i can almost smell it, 
  sure you 'd only know it was summer if the rain was warm, 
  you get roasting hot summers and cold as fuck winters . 
  sounds pretty shit alright, 
  according to that film if you die in your dream you wake up, 
  i had lasik and have boxed plenty of times .
