  if you had it two years ago it should n't be a problem . 
  maybe ring the clinic where you had the procedure and ask , just to be sure . 
  so they can post it on reddit for the karma . 
  / r/creepypms is full of that shit, 
  well if it says you ca n't get in with electronic tickets then you ca n't get in with electronic tickets, 
  `` quote from the video '', 
  there was somebody murdered in leixlip !? 
  was this long ago ? 
  i also live in leixlip, 
  why would i care though ? 
  it affects me in literally no way what so ever . 
  no trying to be facetious btw , please genuinely explain . 
  no need to be so patronising . 
  oh ok , fair enough, 
  the guinness storehouse is very good , definitely worth a visit, 
  you can get a bus ( no . 
  747 i think ) to heuston station which is a 5 minute walk from the guinness storehouse . 
  the bus journey into dublin should take less than 30 minutes although i 've never got the bus so not sure on exact timings . 
  definitely less than an hour anyway , being cautious, 
  how hard is it to balance the audio ? 
  i 've been on reddit 2 years and i 've never seen it before ... 
  make sure you book it in advance !, 
  still looks like dave hill from slade, 
  there 's not really any way to describe it . 
  in all seriousness it 's pretty bad . 
  very nsfw, 
  i bought you a mediocre drink for your mediocre face, 
  is it possible for matthew mcconaughey to be uncool ? 
  hey guys , is this league still active ? 
  you 're right , i do n't care, 
  listen to a classical radio station . 
  makes me feel like i drive a bmw instead of a bright blue nissan micra, 
  that 's the absolute simplest thing you ca n't do ? 
  fair fuck . 
  i ca n't even work the dishwasher, 
  really ? 
  i thought it was funny the first couple of times but after a while it gets so annoying, 
  use their name, 
  how can you watch the tv with that light there ? 
  also where did you get this picture ? 
  hodor ? 
  is there even a point to this thread ? 
  there 's no question which has been the best of four games so far ... 
  that lucozade one is brilliant, 
  yeah it 's better . 
  i 'm streaming it rather than watching on tv3 because it 's awful . 
  visit / r/rugbyunion for streaming links, 
  i could easily not pay for the train to work because the gates are left open and they do n't check tickets but i always pay because i 'm a saint, 
  bruce almighty taught me how to spell beautiful, 
  why was tru not on obj the whole game ? 
  he could so easily have been hurt, 
  the music really adds to it, 
  can you point it out to me please ? 
  is it not disrespectful to be walking around like that when the other person is dancing ? 
  definitely not . 
  get your diet right first and it will help you more than any supplement, 
  i used to watch a lot of crossfield but he seems to have gone over board with the `` x my y '' catch phrase . 
  it 's very annoying, 
  why is everyone so delighted that england have crashed out ? 
  most english people i know have now taken to supporting ireland . 
  the joy that some people have found in england being knocked out is sad . 
  it was us in 2007, 
  depends what the code specifies in the country you 're designing, 
  yeah a cut down version of a 5x5 is something i was thinking of trying, 
  ca n't tell if you 're taking the piss or not, 
  i 'm not trying to offend you . 
  it just seems very vague and quite an odd routine . 
  plus you specify your water intake which is also a bit weird, 
  was there not a bum gun ? 
  as an englishman living in ireland i like to support ireland if they 're not against england . 
  however it 's incredibly hard to do when you see how happy a lot of people in ireland are to see england lose . 
  is that really a citing ? 
  i thought he tried to put him down somewhat safely . 
  bosch held the player off the ground as much as he could, 
  seems like a good way to go . 
  do you have time for warm up sets ? 
  also how long are your rest breaks ? 
  wish i could upvote again for the great formatting !, 
   weird french sh1t, 
  whatever that means , it does n't make it ok to punch somebody . 
  how is that relevant ? 
  i 'm half irish and i live in ireland . 
  plenty to worry about, 
  can i have two flairs at once ? 
  genuine question . . 
  not veggie but my favourite thing to make is pasta , chicken , pesto and some frozen veggies . 
  takes about 20 minutes to prepare and there 's not a lot of clean up , especially between 2 people, 
  what a weird name, 
  i do n't understand this . 
  people saying argentina have progressed through playing in the rugby championship . 
  do n't nh teams play the sh every year in autumn internationals ? 
  facebook changed the sound of the chat notification and it threw me off the first couple of times until i got used to it, 
  why would you feel like a spoiled rich asshole while trying to get back your own $ 400 that you worked for ? 
  my god , talk about melodramatic, 
  weights, 
  when you got home from space how soon was it before you wanted to go back ? 
  you know what your problems are and how they 're fucking you up . 
  man up and deal with it instead of looking for some magic answer on reddit, 
  you should have know when you were bring them that they would n't be blackout, 
  i agree .
