  the first stage was a general knowledge written test . 
  i was n't really nervous about this part because it was apparently quite easy . 
  it was basically an idiot-filter so i should have no trouble passing this stage . 
  then there would be an interview with an assessor . 
  i 'd obtained my degree in space travel and logistics and i 'd done well so i was n't really worried about this stage either . 
  it was supposedly an informal interview to assess what your personality was like and to gather more information on your background . 
  it was stage 3 that made me nervous . 
  before you could begin your test you had to sign a disclaimer stating that you would tell nobody what stage 3 involved . 
  it was probably just some other type of testing but it still made me nervous . 
  why was there so much secrecy surrounding it ? 
  i knew plenty of people that had passed their birthing test first time and not one had ever spoken about stage 3 . 
  whatever it was it was definitely meant to be kept a secret . 
  i walked through the doorshield , through the disinfecting beam and up to the reception desk . 
  the lady scanned the chip in my arm that contained all of my basic information and told me to take a seat and somebody would be with me soon . 
  i looked around the room at the other candidates . 
  i could tell just by looking at some of them that they would n't pass . 
  the man sat opposite me had a lazy eye . 
  i do n't even know why he bothered applying unless he was some kind of genius , which i doubted , because he was reading heat magazine . 
  i picked up national geographic and got comfortable . 
  what on earth does icymi mean ? 
  because it 's fashionable to hate corporations, 
  does soup quench thirst or hunger ? 
  it will blow your mind !, 
  because i 'm a disappointment lol, 
  he wanted velcro not laces, 
  start using the save feature instead of `` commenting to save this '', 
  as the judge 's gavel slammed down for the final time i felt relieved by the sentence i 'd been given . 
  rather than face the chair i would be sent back in time . 
  being sent back was actually pretty standard punishment for some of the less gruesome murders that were committed . 
  it solved a few problems that traditional prisons could n't . 
  the first of which was the actual cost of keeping a prisoner . 
  did you know that it costs around $ 150 ' 000 per year to keep a prisoner locked up ? 
  well , not any more . 
  zap that would-be prisoner back to the dark ages and you just saved yourself a lot of money . 
  secondly it got rid of the prisoner . 
  families of victims felt like they 'd received justice . 
  the man , in my case , who 'd killed their daughter , would be shot back to a dangerous point in history for that man to be alive . 
  of course , the period in which you were exiled to varied on the crime . 
  i was expecting to be sent somewhere completely inhospitable where death was almost a certainty . 
  despite this , i was sort of looking forward to the experience -- some people paid a lot of money to travel through time . 
  as i was lead from the courtroom i asked the officer escorting me where i was going to be sent . 
  we 'd gotten to know each other quite well over the course of the trial and i had hoped he 'd be able to provide some insight . 
  `` oh now come on george , you know i ca n't tell you that . '', 
  `` you can tell me sir , nobody will know it was you that told me '' i pleaded . 
  `` where would you like to be sent ? '' it was an interesting question and one that i had n't really thought about . 
  `` how about the bahamas 10 years ago ? 
  with a local woman wearing a bra made of coconuts serving me cocktails on the beach '' i said jokingly . 
  officer gates raised his eyebrows , hinting that he was genuinely curious and wanted a serious answer . 
  i liked him somewhat so decided to humour him . 
  `` well , '' i continued , `` i have committed a terrible crime . 
  i imagine wherever i 'm sent i 'll have a slim chance of survival . 
  i 'd like to think i 'd have some chance though . 
  if i was sent to a concentration camp i could plan an escape or maybe kill one of the guards and steal his weapon . 
  although being in a warzone would n't be too bad . 
  we both know i like killing so i think world war i would be a punishment that would leave all parties satisfied . 
  would you agree ? '', 
  we were stood outside of my cell door . 
  i was told i 'd spend a final 24 hours here while they organised my time travel trip . 
  officer gates looked me in the eyes in such a way that i felt like he was trying to speak to me . 
  he turned to open my cell door and the bolt drew back with a heavy clunk . 
  as i stepped into the cell he finally spoke . 
  `` george , i can tell you that you 're not going to be a soldier . 
  i 'd estimate your chance of survival to be about 1 % , if that . 
  however , as i stand here now and look into your eyes i still see a desire to survive . 
  it 's like you 're excited about this , like it 's an adventure . 
  maybe if you knew where you were going you would n't be so excited but i imagine that when you get there you 'll do your best to survive . 
  i almost wish i could be there to see how you react . '', 
  officer gates paused briefly and allowed the reverberations of his voice to settle . 
  he looked at me again , laughed to himself as he shook his head and then closed the heavy cell door with a thud that reminded me there was no escape . 
  `` i 'll see you tomorrow george , '' he called , `` you 're going to get a hell of a shock when you find out . '', 
  i started bouldering at a local bouldering gym about a month ago and i 'm really enjoying it so far . 
  i 'm currently sending font 6a 's which i 'm happy with but i know that my climbing is very clunky and not efficient . 
  i 'm just using my natural strength in order to complete the problems . 
  what are some good ways that i can practice good smooth technique or will it just come naturally the longer i climb ? 
  the industrial steel door of the pill shaped freezer was heavy and took some effort to open . 
  although you could see the patient 's ghostly face through the two windows on the freezer , it was n't until the door was open that we could examine his face in detail . 
  he had been an elderly gentleman , maybe late 50 's or early 60 's . 
  his brown cardigan and corduroy trousers were , unsurprisingly , still in good condition and crease-free . 
  we gently moved the frozen patient onto the gurney and waited for him to thaw . 
  2 hours and 34 minutes passed when he started to breathe more heavily . 
  shortly afterwards the patient opened his eyes . 
  he looked confused for a moment as he looked up at the high ceiling with its large fluorescent lights and prominent steels beams . 
  after no more than 15 seconds , still looking at the ceiling , the man asked ;, 
  `` do you have the warp drive yet ? '', 
  it was a strange question to ask . 
  this was the first patient we had thawed so we were n't really sure what to expect but none of us expected him to ask such a precise question in such a cohesive manner . 
  `` no , we do n't have a warp drive , whatever that is . 
  now please relax while we take your blood pressure . '', 
  he calmly closed his eyes again and let us perform the tests that we had to ensure the man was physiologically healthy . 
  after the physiological tests were complete we began the interview stage where we would assess the cognitive abilities of the patient . 
  `` what is your full name ? '' i asked . 
  `` my name is jay-z '' the man replied , emphasising the z. 
  clearly i needed to be more specific . 
  `` and what is your birth name ? '', 
  `` the name my mother gave me was shawn corey carter . 
  i was born december 4th 1969 . '' jay-z spoke quickly as if i was an idiot and should have known such basic information . 
  i did of course but i wanted to get his brain warmed up . 
  `` what year do yo ... '', 
  `` do you have the warp drive ? '' jay-z asked for the second time . 
  `` the warp drive ? '',
