  and from what i hear they ca n't act like that in front of their uk colleagues . 
  my client told me he likes to work with us , because we do n't give too much fucks . 
  can confirm, 
  we 're one of the most homogeneous country in europe . 
  foreign citizens make up 0.3 % of the population . 
  97.7 % are ethnic polish . 
  others are mostly from german , belarus or ukrainian descendants . 
  94.5 % of the population declares to be christian ( while 3.1 % declare to be atheist and 2.2 % did n't declare anything - that leaves 0.2 % for other religions ) . 
  and we 're all white . 
  to the point where me being from small town visiting big city twice in a year i 've never seen a black person before i hit maybe 15th birthday . 
  i did n't move a long way , but i could still achieve the same you 're talking about - independent , transition , avoid nosy parents . 
  i moved 70 km away to pozna\u0144 . 
  very few people would consider moving to warsaw a better idea , because the warsaw unis are n't consider better - it 's mostly at the same level if you take the best schools in biggest polish cities . 
  70 km is far enough if you consider it 's an hour drive by car , 2 hours by bus back then and no train connection . 
  cost of gasoline is much higher than in us and the wages are 3 times less , so parents wo n't bother you too much - it 's too far and too costly . 
  many students back in my years would still go every week or two at the beginning to let mama do the laundry ( not many students had washing machine back then in their apartments , although it 's common in europe to have one at your place ) and bring back food made by parents . 
  i 'd say it was pretty common like that - people from my town mostly choosing pozna\u0144 , some of them wroc\u0142aw , very few something else . 
  reasons same probably - no parents , many parties , leaving with friends or some nice people in one flat or dorms . 
  i had a great time back then . 
  i 've chosen poor specialization , because i was n't thinking about money back then . 
  i graduated , but also started learning comptuer science and got a job as a noob developer , but it paid out well . 
  if i focused on it from the start i 'd start earning money and experience much earlier , but i 'd also miss a lot of student 's life , so i think it 's fine . 
  yeah , 150 km but 130 km/h , right ? 
  if you say 90 km in poland it usually means narrow two-way roads with average speed 55 km/h if you 're not speeding . 
  90 km would be considered 1.5 hours of driving . 
  and for students travelling by shitty bus in poland it probably means 2-2 .5 hours . 
  you 'd take train if you 're lucky to have one nearby . 
  i 'm not saying it 's a long distance in europe though , but for polish standards in many places it 's totally not a distance you 'd want to commute everyday . 
  not to mention cost of it with salaries 3 times less but gas prices at similar level . 
  i do n't know any muslim nor i was able to spot one on the streets ( at least someone who would i think might be muslim ) in recent few months . 
  if that 's a problem for you then i have bad news . 
  what if someone creates counterfeit items in a country and then ... sells them inside the same country ? 
  i bet you wo n't be able to sleep now , 
  leaving eu would n't be sane . 
  oh ... sorry uk . 
  by which numbers ? 
  just because the economy is growing does n't mean we can compare germany to poland , where you earn 3 times more on the same position . 
  median salary is 600 eur and the rent for 2 apartment house in a city is 300-500 eur . 
  for people that do n't earn much kids are a luxury . 
  my salary is good and we still hesitated for many years if we can afford having kids . 
  on top of that the risk you wo n't have a place at your work after having a kid is rather high . 
  all small things sum up to pretty obvious result . 
  i doubt we can compare in any of this to germany or other west european countries that are n't doing bad at the moment . 
   germany and poland wat ? 
  ah , yes , of course, 
  we 're all raging cunts . 
  the further you go east the more you see it . 
  you can see a lot of aggressive driving on the roads . 
  we ca n't understand much of our languages . 
  there 's a lot of similar words or identical words , but it 's still rather hard to communicate . 
  on top of that we have a lot of words that mean something else in both languages even you 'd think they 're the same . 
  back in the days when there were no internet web pages i know a teacher who wanted to take his class to czech republic on a trip . 
  he called the czech guy and they somehow managed to book the hotel . 
  they agreed they 'll show up in april ( teacher said `` kwiecie\u0144 '' , and the czech knew that 's a month ) . 
  the problem is `` kv\u011bten '' ( sounds pretty similar ) means may in czech . 
  of course the teacher showed up in april and the hotel was n't prepared to host 30 people . 
  there 's much more . 
  `` panna '' means mrs. in polish , but `` virgin '' in czech , so after meeting and nice girl , taking her for a cafe you might end up asking if she 's a virgin . 
  113kg luggage in cheap flights will be cheaper ? 
  be careful when renting . 
  i did it twice , once with hertz and once with some small company at the airport . 
  i did n't manage to rent from hertz , because i did n't have credit card when on official polish page they claimed debit will be ok for deposit . 
  the service at the airport was awful . 
  and the second company wanted to rip me off . 
  they claimed i did the damage to the car . 
  i had to use visa chargeback through my bank , because they did n't want to talk with me , did n't show any proof etc. 
  if you rent use only the most known companies and take tons of photos on every inch of the car and make them note any scratches that are already on the car . 
  i read the story similar to mine that someone got photo of a scratch underneath the bumper and they claimed that is the damage and charged the guy 70 eur administration fee , because he was fully insured . 
  maybe send luggage separately using courier delivery ? 
  should n't take too long . 
  i have no idea what the price would be though . 
  quickly googled and it might be 300 eur for 70kg . 
  i envy how well you spread your freedom in the middle east . 
  this is so well written . 
  i have n't been to us longer than few weeks , but when i think if i would like to move there i have similar feelings . 
  so many weird stories here on reddit makes me rather think more about uk or other eu country . 
  i get that it 's a big country , but it really feels like going out at night in the big city is somewhat not too safe . 
  i have n't felt like that in years in poland . 
  and all those stories about drugs and people fighting with addiction ... we have weed in poland , some people take something stronger while partying , but people who genuinely look like addicts who 'd do anything for a drug ? 
  i may see something like that maybe once per few months . 
  well , i 've heard about it , but also , back in the day , i 've heard about some extreme cases on our western border too . 
  i just never had to cross the border at that time . 
  i do n't know how often it occurs now on eastern border , but i found some gov service showing estimates and it looks bad for ukraine , but nothing extreme : https://www.granica.gov.pl/index_wait.php?v=en, 
  uk , because english and money, 
  borders between czech republic - no issues , just need a passport . 
  short stop and you 're ready to go . 
  borders between germany or any other west/east europe border - oh boy . 
  sometimes as quick as with czechs , sometimes you sat there for few hours . 
  i remember coming back from holidays in a bus almost 20 years ago we spent 5 hours on austrian-czech border , because of massive queue . 
  i imagine for non-shengen countries it may still be quite similar to this day , especially when there 's some issues going on . 
  i 've spent 2 hours last year on croatia-slovenia border . 
  hey , / r/askeurope , how about we not feed the troll and do n't reply to it ? 
   because in the 3 room example link , i can count 5 rooms in total , plus a balcony , so the 3 rooms make no sense to me well , i can count 3 , 
   you all have benzes and bmws i remember when crossing the german-netherlands border i noticed the cars were much older and much cheaper . 
  my guess is netherlands do n't bother that much about their cars . 
  why would they if they use bikes so much . 
  what he means is that you do n't need to have some high [ credit score ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/credit_score_in_the_united_states ) or work for it by taking a credit card ( when you do n't need it ) and show that you can pay it on time or take a smaller credit or loan ( when you do n't need it ) to show you can handle it well etc. 
  all just so you can finally be trustworthy when taking a mortgage . 
  you still ca n't fuck up by not paying some installment of your small loan or forgetting to pay off your credit card , because you 'll be put in some kind of register ( for 5 years afair ) and banks always check them . 
  my friend fucked up by forgetting to pay some fee on her not-used-anymore bank account and they put her there , so when she wanted to take mortgage only one bank agreed to give it to her , but at the cost of much higher interest rate .
