but when you drink ... 
  i arrived to galway at 3am sunday morning . 
  i 've never seen something similar in any polish city on the streets except of big festivals . 
  and we 're supposed to be the drunks of europe, 
  pozna\u0144 - mostly tramino - polish one , build near pozna\u0144 . 
  company used to make buses , but they started to make trams too . 
  100 % low rider . 
  my uncle lives near chech republic and he also does n't speak chech at all . 
  he does visit his neighbors for shopping , but the lack of language skills is but a barrier here . 
  it 's not us where people are used to talk with strangers etc. 
  while waiting in a line or something . 
  we usually do n't even talk to other poles if we do n't know them . 
  also , i lately have been to czech republic for short holidays and even in tourist areas near polish border we had huge problems with communication . 
  english is the way to go most of the time . 
  and it felt for me they do n't speak english well . 
  probably focused on german clients , i do n't blame them . 
  it depends if you like it or even tried it , but i 'm not the biggest fun and i know 4 of them in city with 580k population . 
  and i 'm sure i do n't know all of them . 
  i actually had a dinner tonight in one of them . 
  this one is pretty popular , and on weekends it 's almost full . 
  i think your question is constructed in a way that you 'll get some replies that focus on starting a job after studying not related to studying from done people while others will focus on care switching later on . 
  i think it 's quite common in poland to start a job unrelated to your education . 
  that 's why many people are against free education when tax payers money are wasted on education that 's not being used later . 
  switching careers when you actually already have some experience is rare , because you start from the bottom . 
  of course i would n't say it 's a career switching when you 're a software developer and later on you 're a manager . 
  but on the other hand i know a guy who had few years of experience in practicing law in a corporation and he said fuck it , left to england and started working as a labour worker building houses . 
  but you can have a prepaid . 
  do n't know if there are any unlimited plans here , but 8 $ for 5gb should be enough during vacation , especially that heavy stuff your can do on hotel 's wifi, 
  um ... maybe just try to visit croatia on summer . 
  it 's not that many hours of waiting , but it 's not that quick either, 
  is n't it pretty much the same across europe ? 
  i 'm surprised i 'm the only one . 
  hell no . 
  not uncommon . 
  popularity is growing every year . 
  cities try to improve infrastructure . 
  city bikes ( nextbike ) appeared few years ago and now we have a lot of stations . 
  free of charge for the first 20 minutes . 
  quality is so so , but it 's improving . 
  there 's a lot of talking about cycling , drivers are bit mad . 
  i started to cycle to work about 5 years ago . 
  i do it almost whole year . 
  it is fairly safe , but you need to think about others and on some parts of town you 'll be better to choose different way or just use sidewalk ( often illegally ) . 
  i thought more known is [ nocturne in c-sharp minor ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/nocturne_in_c-sharp_minor,_op._posth._ ( chopin \\ ) ) . 
  here you have it [ played by szpilman ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1hfgjwsvgeq ) - the guy from [ the pianist ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/the_pianist_ ( 2002_film \\ ) ) . 
  uncommon . 
  why would you want to pay in euros if you 're in the middle of country that does n't have euro ? 
  if you 're there you either already have plns exchanged or you just withdrawn them or you simply pay with card . 
  everyone 's paying with card in poland for almost anything . 
  only few big shops will accept euros . 
  i doubt you 'd easily find a restaurant or small shop where you could pay with euros . 
  personally i never have any significant amount of plns when traveling abroad and the small amount that i have i exchange asap . 
  you can easily find atms even in very poor countries even outside big cities . 
  this does n't answer your question , but ... you 've been to ukraine , but did you only see cities ? 
  did you talk to locals ? 
  i 'll drop a story that i 've heard : https://www.reddit.com/r/askeurope/comments/5jjtlc/is_every_country_in_europe_developed/dbgtsne/ keep in mind their currency dropped a lot in recent years . 
  it 's banned in poland . 
  only few areas exist where you can drink freely in my city . 
  of course you can spot some people drinking beer outside , but they risk a ticket or even a fine . 
  my gf got a fine recently for drinking on some area with almost no other people around , because her friend could n't keep their mouth shut and made some stupid comments about police work . 
  yes , but most of people use winter non-studded tires, 
  why do you have wet floor though ? 
  you do n't use winter tires because of ice . 
  surely they are a bit better , but on ice you 're fucked anyway . 
  we rarely have ice on roads . 
  when we have it looks like this even when most poles use winter tires : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=r6p9mwdfay8 you use winter tires when there 's snow ( duh ) , but also because summer tires on low temperature become too hard and lose traction easier . 
  was n't czechoslovakia an artificial merge ? 
  i mean , reuniting suggests like those countries were meant to exist as a one , but was n't it the other way around - they were separate , but were joined , because of common interest although not really being truly one country ? 
  it 's changing . 
  i used to have 9 km to work of which 90 % could have been traveled on bike paths , but i was just lucky . 
  now i have 4.5 km and around 60-70 % i can travel using bike paths , lanes or i 'm allowed to use sidewalk . 
  center of pozna\u0144 has changed a lot this year . 
  some lanes and roads has been closed for cars , some two lane roads have been narrowed to 1 lane + bike lane or 1 lane + oncoming bike lane ( two-way road for bikes only ) or both : car lane , bike lane , oncoming bike lane . 
  nah , it 's best to post national currency in this thread , so everyone can google exchange rates and start doing those calculation by themselves . 
  bike , but i 'm minority . 
  to work it 's the same with walk + bus + tram + walk combination - ~ 20 minutes . 
  those who do n't work in city center ( many ) usually use cars . 
  small shop - 3 minutes walking distance from home . 
  big shop ( tesco ) - 5 minutes walking distance . 
  i rarely drive a car mon-fri . 
  national average per month : 1030 usd gross , 735 usd net/after taxes median : 825 usd gross , 590 usd net minimum wage ( almost 10 % of people earn it ) : 485 usd gross , 354 usd net, 
  i do n't think that 'll happen . 
  russia on the other hand ... 
  you wo n't get 20k eur in cash just like that if you have 250 eur in pension . 
  they came out with 5-10k eur many times , because they have it . 
  and it amazes me every time . 
  it amazes me even more when they keep this kind of money in their apartments . 
  it 's not that uncommon to hear about the other common scam - when some scammers came into apartments , because they need to check if all is ok with hot water or whatever reason and during the 5 minutes inside they 're able to find few grands of pln somewhere . 
  i rarely have more than 200 pln on me . 
  not much . 
  i used to do that a little 10-15 years ago . 
  [ blablacar ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/blablacar ) is more common i guess . 
  even with this shitty government we have right now . 
  11.9 pln , 8.7 pln after taxes in usd : 2.8 $ , 2.1 $ after taxes . 
  vat is usually 23 %, 
  definitively poland . 
  the other countries below 1 % , so i wo n't even mention them . 
  do n't you speak english ? 
  it was thursday night, 
   he was acting suspicious before i would n't call it random then  but that 's how they report in polish media too .
