  i find it hard to believe the check was really that random . 
  sure many people who are wanted many times are caught on random check , but it 's usually after years . 
  maybe they had some idea about where he 's going and surely it was a random check , but maybe they knew they should randomly check a lot of cars in that area , because he might be somewhere there . 
  i get stopped for random check maybe once every 5 years and i was never stopped outside poland . 
  surely i do n't drive much abroad , but one might think foreign plates will lead to often controls , but no . 
  i do n't mean it 's not doable . 
  we have more than that . 
  you can be granted citizenship even without bloodline if you meet some criteria . 
  not only that . 
  you can be granted citizenship by our president which occurred in the past . 
  i mean it 's not that super easy and quick to be granted a citizenship . 
  and on top of that there 're not many people here that are not ethnically polish , so there are not many players to whom you 'd like to give the citizenship . 
  even if you find one you 'd have to spend some time and energy to do it . 
  and at the same time in countries like france you have a lot of immigrants that are already granted french citizenship due to colonies history ( if i 'm not mistaken ) , so you have population that is both ethnically diverse and with citizenship ready to play in national team . 
  poland : relatively poor , so no immigrants , no money to buy good players . 
  france : correct me if i 'm wrong , but besides the obvious fact that there are many immigrants france also granted citizenship to many people from their colonies or something like that . 
  i do n't know if it 's a rule , but if you want to play in national team in poland you need to have citizenship . 
  well , i crossed it 6 times this year , but i 'm afraid you wo n't like my answer :p * i 've been to germany , but only to drop someone at berlin airport * i 've been to ukraine , but it 's not in schengen area , it was n't that close and it was n't that easy * i 've been to italy , but it 's also not that close , so i flied - not sure if it meets your criteria  * i 've been to both czech republic and slovakia , but only with one foot on the top of the mountains  * i 've been to georgia , but it 's not close , not in schengen also by plane and some say it 's half asian country , but i disagree . 
  and poles do n't need a passport to visit , 
  absolutely . 
  btw , how are your feelings about hostility from [ ladonia towards usa ] ( https://www.ladonia.org/history/ ) ? 
  german toilet of course . 
  yes and no . 
  certainly they 're really poor , especially in villages , but we need to take into account that their currency lost a lot of value recently . 
  probably still a lot more of `` yes '' than `` no '' . 
  i 've been to lviv recently and we had discussion with our driver . 
  our friend told story about some grandma having 75 eur per month of pension on retirement and she asks : how is that possible ? 
  how is she leaving ? 
  and the driver says : `` nah , that 's a good pension '' . 
  kiev and big cities might be a different stories . 
  certainly in some areas . 
  it colleagues from kiev say that pension there was similar or sometimes higher than they have now in poland although they did have much less social security . 
  this looks like a common dry sausage , so i would n't say it 's completely unknown here . 
  i do n't think it 's accurate , especially nowadays , but we have many stereotypes about ourselves and we love to laugh about them , eg . 
  : * white sox with sandals * taking food from home while traveling abroad * if breakfasts are included then take as much as you can and make sandwiches for the rest of the day, 
  just wanted to add that 2 . is very common , but considered an error ( and most people know it 's error , just say england too quick ) , but 1 . is standard , not an error , and it 's a recommended form . 
  you 'll find this name if you open google maps in polish . 
  yes , this is something different . 
  there were some shady clubs that did exactly what you described . 
  they probably still exist . 
  their aim is to do exactly what you described . 
  keep in mind they 're extremely overpriced for you . 
  for poles those prices are astronomic . 
  depending how drunk are you for sure . 
  i 'd avoid them at all costs , especially alone as a western tourist . 
  are strippers really that popular in us or it 's just like that in movies ? 
  we did n't have much clubs like that , then we joined eu and some tourists start to appear more frequently and a lot ( compared to how it was before ) of those places opened up , but they 're not too popular . 
  you go there maybe at the end of bachelor 's party , but most people do n't plan to give tips . 
  smallest bill is 10 pln = 2,20 eur - not much for westerners , but for poles spending it feels more like 6-7 eur due to lower wages , so maybe once in a while someone will tip the lady , but not too often . 
  we only use titles at universities . 
  at work titles like `` director '' only if it 's higher rank . 
  depends on work . 
  * primary school - mr/mrs without name * high school - `` mr/mrs professor '' without a name - does n't matter that all of them where only masters - not sure if anything changed in this regard ( been there 14 years ago ) and if it was only in high schools that cherished more traditional approach or not - small town , but high school had good reputation * uni - mr/mrs when refering to masters ( no name ) , doctor - when referring to doctors , professor - you got it - to professors keep in mind that poles ( or : in polish language ) do n't refer to people that they do n't know by name or by `` you '' - we refer to almost everyone as mr/mrs and we talk to them in third person . 
  when you start knowing someone , especially in professional relations , you start talking to using mr firstname . 
  you start using first name only if both side officially agree to it . 
  of course it 's changing and you do n't talk like that to colleagues at work , but still in many work places you do say mr/mrs firstname to higher ranked people or mr director etc. 
  and of course it depends on job . 
  i 'm in it and in most places you talk to ceo by his first name from your first day . 
  i 'm in since yesterday, 
  witcher 3 . 
  beat this :p, 
  just mediocre, 
  i 've shot some . 
  probably thousand rounds or so . 
  it 's a nice experience shooting for the first time . 
  it shows you how hard it is to be accurate with it . 
  i did n't . 
  i do n't even try . 
  it 's rather personal thing that you like learning it and in the same time you 're able to not forget it . 
  we have exams when you finish high school . 
  i graduated with very good knowledge of german . 
  i could n't speak it after few years without using it . 
  english is the only one i can manage to remember , because i use it daily . 
  nothing fancy . 
  we traveled from chicago to san francisco and back via yellowstone , salt lake city etc. 
  they 're mostly neutral ( just like other people on the streets ) or kind . 
  waiters tend to be more friendly , but it 's rather because you visit their place of work expecting it to be a pleasant experience . 
  at some places waiters are trained to approach you during the meal and ask you with too much of fake friendliness if every thing is ok ( eg . 
  at pizza hut ) . 
  it sounds fake very often , because people are not accustomed to such reactions in poland , so it instantly feels too pushy , too learned and not needed . 
  although there were no tipping culture here we 're under heavy influence of american culture ( movies specifically ) , so a lot of people will leave a tip for a waiter ( 3-9 % ) , but a lot wo n't . 
  it seems to be mostly totally disconnected from how the service was . 
  surely there 's some correlation , but some people will just tip no matter what , and some wo n't . 
  on my trip to the us waiters were n't that much fawning . 
  surely they were much more friendly , open , talkative etc. , but it was rather because you are all much like that . 
  you know how europe seems to be little rude for you when you visit ? 
  poland is much more like that , so the contrast is bigger . 
  one thing that i remember is that when you order , you 're served and the waiter will ask instantly if there 's something else . 
  if not - you 'll get the bill instantly even if you 're still eating or drinking . 
  in poland ( europe ? ), 
  you 'll finish your meal , drink , sit a little and then you 'll ask ( rarely : be asked ) for the bill . 
  sometimes you 'll even get angry , because you want to leave and waiter is busy with something else . 
  but we 're so accustomed to this that it felt rude that they 're already giving us the bill like they want to throw us out , 
  i do n't understand why is that required . 
  they 'll check you in the system anyway . 
  they could use just normal id card for that . 
  yet it 's the same in poland . 
  you need to driving license with you . 
  but driving license is not officially considered an id , so you need to have national id too . 
  on top of that they used to force you to change national id when you changed your place of stay .
