  not too popular , maybe among teens . 
  i do n't really watch tv . 
  tv series - very popular . 
  especially after lost and prison break was aired here . 
  of course before we had tons tv series before , but after those two a lot of people ( especially young ) started to look for more and we started to love it . 
  many tv series that was n't aired here are available with subtitles or with [ voice-over ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/voice-over_translation ) on dvds or blurays in stores and they end up many times as presents for our parents . 
   how should i dress ? 
  tracksuit  what should i say ? 
   what should i do in everyday life ? 
  squat, 
  polish complain more , and it starts right after you ask `` how are you ? '', 
  is it true that 3 million people signed a petition to repeat the match with iceland ? 
  with a mute `` wtf ? '', 
  when other hear them speaking perfect polish without an accent as it is super rare . 
  i live in 5th largest polish city ( and it 's not much smaller than the 2nd one ) and i think i met one such a person in my life . 
  poland - nothing changed here lol . 
  i guess we have more ukrainians , but they 're super similar to us . 
  married - no . 
  also , there 's no civil partnership for anyone . 
  adopt - since there 's no official partnership then no . 
  one would have to adopt as a single parent which is rare . 
  i guess they 'd also have to be checked - how is the house etc. 
  so the partner would be found anyway . 
  if they manage to do that somehow then we 'd have shit storm in media for a month . 
  serve in the army - ca n't see why not . 
  this one . 
  asking questions as we were one nation assuming we 're really similar to each other in terms of what we think , how we behave etc. 
  you assume it 's for example you ( american ) vs we ( europeans ) when in reality it 's mostly american vs. french vs. polish vs. spanish etc. 
  we differ a lot . 
  almost as much as you vs any of us separately . 
  thus acting us a question is rather : `` how it is in your country ? '', 
  rather than `` how it is in europe ? 
  if you want it cheap poland is a great choice : * ferry two-way - 200 eur to gda\u0144sk - nice city , sea and beaches ; water 's cold , but you 're from sweden , so * train gda\u0144sk - krak\u00f3w one-way 30 eur ( 5 + hours , 500 + km ) - nice city , wieliczka salt mine and auschwitz nearby ; you can have a stop in warsaw for a day on your way to krak\u00f3w , but compared to krak\u00f3w warsaw is rather mediocre ; if you need to stop on your way toru\u0144 is much better * not that far away zakopane and tatra mountains - bit crowdy , but wonderful if you like mountains * you prefer cities , so you can try to stop in pozna\u0144 or wroclaw on your way to gda\u0144sk - it 's not on your route , so you might not have enough time in general it 's nothing compared to paris or budapest , but it 's really cheap : * double room for a night - decent for 40 eur * dinner per person - decent for 10 eur * beer in a pub - 3 eur for a lager ( either polish lager or heineken etc. ), 
  or similar in beer-oriented pubs filled with `` crafted beer '' which are really popular in poland ( ipas , stouts , etc. , [ example pub ] ( https://pl.tripadvisor.com/attraction_review-g274847-d7711552-reviews-piwna_stopa_craft_beer_pub-poznan_greater_poland_province_central_poland.html ) ) * beer in a shitty student pub - 1.5 eur * generally all trains booked in advance , the slower ones , not expresses , cost ~ 11 eur between big cities * uber - starting fee < 1eur , 0.30 eur per km, 
  you do n't need passport for serbia if you 're from eu . 
  national id is enough . 
  so you have a choco-swing and calories per 100g or serving at the back in hand ? 
  you know you can take the weight of everything ( printed on the wrapping ) and divide it by the count of how many squares are in a cs to get a weight of one square , right ? 
  most of european people were fed since they were born with american culture , because of hollywood . 
  many looked forward for american sniper premiere ( we tend to have cinema releases for some movies few weeks or months after world premiere , for some it 's the same date ) . 
  it 's highly rated on [ one of the biggest polish imdb equivalent ] ( http://www.filmweb.pl/film/snajper-2014-656040 ) . 
  on dvd and br it 's available with voice-over and there 's even [ special edition ] ( http://www.empik.com/snajper-edycja-pamiatkowa-eastwood-clint,p1124647919,film-p ) ( 2 br discs ) available . 
  on top of that it 'll be on hbo on monday . 
  also available on hbo go . 
  we tend to say in our country that no matter what 's going on in europe the polish zloty ( pln ) is always falling down . 
  on android you can turn off data in roaming , so you 're safe to use phone for calls and messaging , as this is really cheap inside the eu . 
  if data in roaming is turned off it 's [ indicated with little r letter above the signal bar ] ( http://i.imgur.com/v4gwcmb.png ) . 
   released primarily for an english speaking audience i do n't believe that producers of video games , movies etc. 
  think to themselves : `` oh , this is nice , let 's release it english speaking audience , although we may have to earn something on non-english speaking market too '' . 
  i think that most of productions are meant to bring money from both markets and that producers do n't think they are releasing _ primarily _ for english speaking audience . 
  most video games have at least texts and subtitles translated into polish . 
  a lot video games have dubbing , although polish people do n't like movie dubbing , so gamers also tend to dislike it ( especially in 18 + games ) . 
  for aaa games if there 's no polish version at all it 's rather surprising . 
  most aaa games have dubbing made by famous polish actors . 
  fifa series have polish sports commentators working for tv normally . 
  even if a game is n't available in polish it 's still available to buy . 
  not only we could just use steam , but also box versions in shops . 
  as for movies , it 's pretty much the same , but dubbing is only reserved for movies for younger audience . 
  sometimes it 's even available in both subtitled and dubbed version in cinemas . 
  we used to have [ voice-over translation ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/voice-over_translation ) for movies in tv , so we prefer subtitles over dubbing as i ca n't imagine not hearing famous actors . 
  it 's pretty much only acceptable for animations and they 're usually done really well . 
  on top of that we have a lot of tv series released and available in shops on dvds or blue rays with both voice-over or subtitles for many titles that never were released in polish tv . 
  usually some younger folks watch it on the web , netflix etc. 
  and then they 're so amazed with the series they buy boxed version for their parents . 
  in poland the most popular bike type is cheap mtb . 
  before the end of communism we did n't have much variety and choice , so almost every kid had a [ wigry 3 ] ( http://mima.pl/gallery/katalog-rowerow/40_121.jpg ) . 
  when the new types of bikes started to appear in the 90s every kid wanted to have a cheap shit mtb just to drive around the house . 
  for years people would buy mtbs , better and better and not that shit anymore just to use it once per week for driving around a park for an hour even if that did n't make much sense ( to buy mtb instead of city bike or some kind of trekking bike ) . 
  we pretty much learned to imagine bike as a mtb . 
  we started to change this in recent years . 
  much more people buy city bikes now or thiner wheels trekking one , a lot started to drive to work etc. 
  internal hub gears are becoming slightly more popular in city bikes , but not too common . 
  they 're used for city bikes for rental ( we finally have public city bikes for rent cheaply in biggest cities ), 
   angst you liberal arts majors who are mad their degree is useless i could only guess you are n't one of them from the first half of your post , but that 's just a cherry on top . 
  same, 
   socially acceptable pirate scene this is also historical reason . 
  afaik before 1994 we did n't have any law that would forbid copying games , applications , music or movies . 
  you could just go to a normal shop and buy pirated music or games really cheap . 
  as for gaming you 'd go to a shop and buy a compact cassette filled with 20 games for commodore 64 and it would be super cheap . 
  this vanished after 1994 and was n't available in normal shops anymore , but everyone would know someone who pirates pc games and sells them on cds cheaply . 
  it took a lot of years for society to stop accepting it so widely . 
  i 'd say now it 's similar to western countries ( eg . 
  torrents ) . 
  do you have subsidized phone included in that $ 85 a month ? 
  i recently switched to plan without a phone ( as my 2 year old phone is n't that old for me ) and i pay 9 usd for unlimited calling , texting and 2 gb and i know some networks would give me 4 gb . 
  sure . 
  but it still seems a lot  i guess you 'll encounter a lot of free wifi anyway , so i 'd do heavy stuff on it . 
  what for do you need so much data ? 
  a lot of older poles can speak russian at least a little if not very well . 
  for 50 + i 'd guess their russian skills are better than english . 
  a lot of younger people can also speak russian a little , especially that the language is quite similar ( at least words ) . 
  many people around my age ( 33 ) were thought russian or german at school , but we were somewhere at the edge of switching to learning english . 
  nowadays everyone is focused on english . 
  german is also thought a little , but i do n't think many people want to learn russian . 
  i just went back from georgia were they mainly use russian as foreign language and most of 30 + guys from our small group could talk a little russian while younger guys ( me included ) could n't say a word . 
  the language is similar enough though to just try to talk in polish . 
  i 've seen this kind of parking while visiting cannes where my hotel landlord were pushing the other cars so hard they were moving up and down ( because the handbrake was on probably ) . 
  she did n't cared much about it . 
  this kind of parking is totally unacceptable in poland . 
  to the extent that most of people do n't even know that hitting other car straight at speed of 1 km/h will not cause anything to bumpers .
