  but if a holiday is on sunday then if you work mon-fri you 're out of luck . 
  however if the holiday is on saturday you 'll get one free day on different occasion . 
  statistically though there 's 21 working days in a month so you have to work 12 * 21-26 days per year . 
  it 's hard to spot bagged milk now here . 
  they 're really rare . 
  almost everyone buys the one i showed you . 
  and it 's [ uht ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ultra-high-temperature_processing ) . 
  it tastes differently . 
  the bagged one was just pasteurized . 
  for a moment we had the one in carton you presented ( as a child i always wanted one as we always saw them in us movies ) , but you know how hard it is to open , right ? 
  poland : * before 1989 - returnable bottles with an aluminium foil cap ( more of a cover ) , sometimes put outside the apartment and replaced with full one . 
  ca n't recall how exactly this worked as i was a kid . 
  * transition in 1990s - a lot of milk in bag * nowadays - cartons in a shape like [ this milk from my small hometown ] ( http://mleczny24.pl/environment/cache/images/300_300_productgfx_e0cacf37321c37fe35f09b0c09fcafe5.jpg ) ( i know it 's also exported , but i do n't think branding is the same ), 
  i do n't think i even actually met someone non-white in poland . 
  i had one guy on the same year while studying for few years , but we did n't have a chance to talk . 
  i 'm being rather sarcastic - if you are a good specialist in your area and it 's needed here , then you 'll be paid relatively well . 
  especially in it . 
  but you still need to remember you 'll get paid 3rd of a price that you would get in germany or uk . 
  if you 're student graduate looking just for a job then you 'll earn a very little money and you 'll have a hard time . 
  we 're rather famous to emigrate looking for better paid job and easier life rather than the other way around . 
  ukrainians seems to like our job market a little though . 
  http://pracuj.pl ( in polish ) not sure why would you want to work in poland though , 
  meanwhile in poland i pay 1 eur by card when buying an sandwich from a guy that visits our company ( to sell said sandwiches ) . 
  the vending machine also accepts cards . 
  i rarely have any money on me and when i finally take some from atm i tend to have it for a week or two . 
  a pole can easily spot other pole speaking english . 
  i feel european , but not western . 
  we 're one step behind the west . 
  i also feel that the west does n't consider us as western , but they do know we 're catching up and at some point , maybe in 30 years , the gap will be small enough to start seeing us as equals . 
  or at least not that unequal . 
   we know that europe ! = eu -   tend to forget about it besides that , what hate ? 
  i do n't understand your problem . 
  europe is the continent and at least poles see it that way . 
  eu is the union and that 's it . 
  eu countries together are called european union . 
  western european countries tend to forget about it , but i find it rather ignorant . 
  i doubt it 's that popular . 
  and most people are not too religious . 
  but i live on the west part which is much more against current government . 
  still , i doubt  50 % would like to see such a drastic change . 
  people were tired by previous government and motivated to change it , but that does n't mean they agreed with many things that current government proposes . 
  and this change ( which is not technically proposed by the government ) is rather radical . 
  i believe many people who voted for them do n't agree with it . 
  i mean , not only people do n't agree with many of their ideas , but this one is so right winged that i believe most of poles are pissed about it . 
  i do n't feel left or right winged , i did n't care much about other protests , but this one genuinely pisses me off and may force me to go protest too . 
  the government and right wing people are stupid though and will mark anyone against any ideas far left wing commie . 
  the biggest thing is how the lane are marked and what does the arrows before entering roundabout says . 
  due to the fact that lanes on roundabout marked as circles are too confusing , especially when there 's no arrows before entering the roundabout , it 's rarely marked this way in poland . 
  on such a roundabout you could go from right lane to exit 3 and any car from inside lane should give you a way . 
  but it 's just too confusing for people and too many fender benders would that cause . 
  on most roundabouts lanes are clearly marked with arrows when entering the roundabout , so you now you should n't go from rightmost lane to 3rd exit and even if you try the lanes will clearly give you a hint that you 're crossing a lane , so obviously you need to give way , like [ here ] ( http://img.interia.pl/motoryzacja/nimg/7/o/trudna_jazda_rondach_4490763.jpg ) . 
  [ polish lawmakers push on with near-total ban on abortion ] ( https://www.theguardian.com/world/2016/sep/23/polish-lawmakers-anti-abortion-bill ), 
  i did quick googling before posting previous comment and i did it again now and i 'm pretty sure it 's not the case in poland ( and if i were to guess i 'd say it 's like that in eu as we tend to have really similar laws and us tend to have something totally different as pretty much always ) . 
  there are some corner cases , but that 's not it here . 
  afaik you ca n't be punished for doing something abroad if it 's allowed there . 
  yeah , for the most of us on reddit . 
  go out and ask average person on the street . 
  lol . 
  this needs to be translated . 
  `` poland for the poles '' `` england for the englishmen and poles '', 
   you use the international system of units as we do in my country , dcl ( or rather dl ) and dkg ( or rather dag ) are part of internation system of units, 
  i 'd say it 's similar if we 're talking about going to the pub . 
  surely if you 're 2-3 guys and see 2-3 girls you can try to join them and it 's totally doable to meet someone like that , but the general goal in going out to the pub is not to find a partner or get laid . 
  you have much higher chance if you want to get laid if you go to night club/disco/dancing place . 
  but still you can find there a lot of people that are not interested in meeting new people . 
  maybe few mosquitoes , but i use [ raid ] ( http://www.czystysklep.pl/images/6c28eb3cb42496756d7f9d9ebf64a6df.jpg ) , so they do n't get in when it 's on . 
  maybe a moth once in a few weeks if i have many lights on . 
  i have my windows opened pretty much whole summer . 
  my answer will surprise you - i do n't have a wallet . 
  i can be at 8:00 and i can be at 9:30 . 
  but i do n't see the reason why would i not wake up on the same time everyday , so i 'm always at 9:00 . 
  i need to be here 8 hours as our client will be billed for it . 
  i do n't do overtime . 
   especially not as a greeting of any sort careful there . 
  while i agree with you 100 % you need to remember we also have some sort of `` how are you ? '', 
  that no one expects to answer . 
  - sure , you may expect someone answer that sincerely and treat it as an actual question , but this phrase has evaluated to `` siema '' . 
  it does n't sound as meaningless to `` how are you ? 
  '' , but we 're close with things like `` jak leci ? 
  i have a mortgage for an apartment . 
  apartments in multi family houses are quite common in poland . 
  if you want a house you usually have it in neighboring area of a city ( i would n't call it suburbs here ) . 
  prices for new apartment in a major city starts at 1500 eur per square meter . 
  i have one around this price . 
  50 square meters are quite common . 
  i plan to have something bigger once i have bit older kids . 
  so now i pay 400 eur ( mortgage ) + 100 eur ( cost of living - water , heat , garbage , common areas ) every month . 
  i have 15 minutes by bicycle to city center , similarly with bus and car . 
  after rush hour by car it may even be 5 minutes . 
  major point on the con side : i do n't think i 'd be able to connect to other people as an immigrant . 
  surely i 'd meet a lot of friendly people at new work place , but i have the feeling like we would never be able to have a bond at the same level as i 'm able here in poland . 
  what i appreciate about my country : we are honest . 
  i like the fact i can start whining and being grumpy when someone asks me : `` how are you ? '' . 
  i like the fact i do n't need to be careful , politically correct and so on . 
  it does n't mean i can be racist , xenohobic etc. 
  it just means i can freely talk without thinking constantly if i do n't step on someone 's toe . 
  mostly because we have thick skin , so i know i wo n't offend deeply anyone around me . 
  and this is something that our clients ( at my work ) from uk appreciate - they can ask `` prostynick , why the fuck is this taking so long to implement ? 
  should n't it be done already !? '', 
  and i wo n't feel offended nor i will go to my hr department complaining .
