  i never had any loan nor credit card , basically no debt ever , and they gave me a mortgage without a problem . 
  simply showing that i earn enough and i 'm employed for longer than few months was enough . 
  average age of car in poland is 12-13 years . 
  statistically it was 16 as per 2013 , but realistically it 's a little bit less . 
  still , it 's an average , so in general it 's shit ton of old cars . 
  they come to poland from germany and france mostly . 
  since average pole expects to find 8 year old car with 180 000 km on it with super low price , which is pretty unrealistic , our `` specialists '' import an 8 year old wreck of a car with many times twice as much km ran and they do their magic and sell those car as 180 kkm `` after a slight fender bender '' . 
  we use to laugh at all those description and we always add `` the german guy cried when he was selling it '' ( implying the car is perfect ) . 
  [ irish fans singing to polish police woman ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wqsx52hd0wo ) in my home city . 
   source of bad food , reckless drivers well , i 've seen a lot reckless czech drivers and the `` source of bad food '' is something commented in poland as czechs companies attempt to discriminate polish companies there . 
  i would be careful when listening to either sides as they obviously have the interest to show their side as the true one . 
  as to reckless drivers i think it 's pretty common across all slav countries . 
  but this is rather rare offer . 
  i think most people have something like 25/2 .5 mbps for ~ 12 eur or 150/15 for ~ 16 eur ( from my old isp web page ) . 
  is n't it 200 ? 
  if the restaurant is of type meant for group of tourists that are served at given hour and they can choose 2-3 meals that they can have is it also normal ? 
  i remember being in greece with organized group of tourists as described and lunch/dinner ( say : a meal around 2 pm ) took us 1:30 h every time . 
  we were rather shocked by it . 
  afaik you 'll pay vat in sweden and i guess the price listed on the website already includes swedish vat in price ( 25 % , so not that far away from hungary ) . 
  if you earn well enough then surely you start thinking where to put your money , so people wonder about stock , funds , bonds ( or rather bond funds ) , but also buying flat for rents in your city or by the sea or in mountains . 
  most of poles do n't earn too much though , so i would n't expect much talk about it , and the knowledge about investing would be rather low and focused around basic products like saving accounts or time deposit . 
  i do n't know if that translates well , but universal student 's sandwich - bread smeared with a knife . 
  wow , your flair checks out, 
  * warsaw * berlin * prague * vienna * budapest * paris * amsterdam * london * dublin * athens * tbilisi * monaco * san marino i 've heard brussels are nice and that 's probably my next stop . 
  copenhagen and oslo seems to be nice too , but i feel like they 're too expensive for me . 
  i guess rome should also be on my radar , but somehow i do n't feel the need . 
  although i heard this is the type of city that looks best at the 4 am in june when everyone sleeps and it 's getting brighter before the dawn . 
  although it 's further south than poland , so it might still be too dark at this hour , even in june . 
  i disagree , 
  [ pole and hungarian cousins be ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/pole_and_hungarian_cousins_be ), 
  first time i traveled to costa brava ( near barcelona ) from poland by bus before we joined eu . 
  there were no ryanair or anything similar and airplane tickets were too expensive , so it was pretty common to travel by bus with organized tour . 
  it also means it took almost 3 days to get there with sleeping on the way in hotels and some small sightseeing . 
  since we have n't been in schengen it also meant that we stayed a lot on the border . 
  i remember on our way back on the at-cz border we spend 5 hours . 
  i remember it was finally a place where it was sunny and hot for the whole time we were there . 
  i also remember being worried my parents are spending so much there as everything was super expensive compared to our country . 
  it still is , but now it 's bearable . 
  pl : krak\u00f3w , toru\u0144 ; de : berlin ; cz : prague ; at : vienna ; hu : budapest ; personally i 'd choose budapest . 
  you can have one sim for every country , but outside the country of origin it 'll be much more expensive , especially for data , and since you 'll be in another country it 'll be harder to refill it as you 'll need to stick to prepaids . 
  it 's best to buy one in every country or just use wifi in hotel , mcdonalds etc. 
  this is similar to whining about the fact that most manifestations , protests and strikes are in capital cities when people live there . 
  also , germans and the north ? 
  in big city in poland it 's hard to find fuel station that is closed at night . 
  near my apartment there 's a 24-hour tesco extra ( the big one ) . 
  i know there 's also 24-hour florist and pizza with delivery ( of course a lot of places with kebab etc. 
  are open 24h , just without delivery ) . 
  you do n't have 24-hour stores at all in your country ? 
  quoting [ wiki ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/sunday_shopping#europe ) : _ the following european union countries currently allow all shops to open for at least part of every sunday : bulgaria , czech republic , denmark , estonia , finland , ireland , italy , latvia , lithuania , netherlands , poland , portugal , romania , slovakia , slovenia , sweden and the united kingdom . _ _ the following european union countries currently allow shops to open every sunday on tourist declared towns and cities and currently have a very extensive list of them that includes capitals and major cities : belgium , france , netherlands and spain _, 
  poland is not that big of course , but you can just have multiple radio towers transferring the same station even at the same frequency . 
  fm have rather small coverage , but national radio stations just have their signal available everywhere , because it 's transmitted from many towers . 
  some are even transmitted on two frequencies at once . 
  radio ( receiver ) can also switch between frequencies automatically if the same station transmits at different frequencies and the other signal strength is better . 
  it 's called [ af ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/alternative_frequency ) . 
  due to this am is practically unused here . 
  doom . 
  not sure how it 's related to europe :d, 
  i checked on polish site , wynagrodzenia.pl for . net developer ( although i 'm rather called software engineer and this fancy name gives you a boost too , but let 's stick to developers ) and the median for cracow is 1460 eur . 
  but you 'll get boost if you have higher education ( +20 % nation wide compared to no higher edu ) , know foreign language ( +15 % nation wide compared to no foreign language ) , have some years of experience ( +5 % compared to median for 4-5 years ) and work for company with foreign capital ( +20 % compared to median ) . 
  that 's why i said the range is pretty wide . 
  and sometimes you 're stuck somewhere for some time and think it ca n't be much better somewhere else . 
   and about half of that in eastern europe when i compare our salaries , i usually take uk and it 's usually around 3-4 times more there taking into account experience , technology and sector . 
  even including cost of living uk still looks much much better than pl . 
  although i know a guy who rejected an offer from denmark microsoft , because he felt he would n't be earning well enough and he prefers poland due to cultural similarities ( he 's from ukraine ) . 
  junior software dev around average : 1000-1500 eur/month senior software dev around average : 1500-2500 eur/month all of it is pretty wide in range . 
  for senior in warsaw in java it could be 3000-4000 eur/month if you 're really good . 
  all above gross ( before taxes ) normal , not b2b salary . 
  can confirm, 
  i know that . 
  but you said `` i do n't know to which extent the jewish culture have influenced poland '' and i was n't sure if you 're talking about influenced as in influenced trough centuries or if you 're talking about the present state . 
  so surely they must have influenced us . 
  but in the topic of `` common culture and shared values between all european countries '' and christianity i think that there 's not much of jewish influence in poland . 
  budapest jewish quarter seemed much more influenced . 
   i do n't know to which extent the jewish culture have influenced poland well , i do n't know either , but as i said in different post , if you 're thinking we have jews here , we do n't . 
  i said in different post i do n't know any jew and have n't seen anyone with kippah , because there 's only few of them . 
  but know i checked and even i am surprised . 
  8k people declared to be jews out of 38.5 m. 
  i think that if i 'd ask average joe then he should be rather neutral . 
  of course he knows a lot of jokes about them and all stereotypes , but i do n't think one really think too much about jews . 
  especially that we rather do n't see or we are n't able to recognize them on the streets . 
  i do n't know any jews and i have n't seen anyone with kippah on the street for a long time . 
  but besides the average joe there 's a group of far right wing that is usually loud and well present on the web that will say that it 's all jews ' fault and will see a lot of conspiracy etc. 
  from time to time average joe will hear about some incidents done by right wing etc. 
  i 'm pretty sure average joe 's thinking must be affected by all this for sure . 
  according to [ centre for public opinion research ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/centre_for_public_opinion_research ) 32 % of poles declares disliking and 28 % declares liking towards jews . 
  [ see how it changes through years ] ( http://i.imgur.com/muz6lr7.png ) . 
  i think that average joe is just xenophobic and dislikes everyone equally  we 're all mostly white , catholic and poor and the country did n't have much tourists until recently and all of it must affect us . 
  there 's no growth of the muslim population here ( well , the percentage growth is probably huge , because the numbers were and are so small compared to general population ) . 
  i 'm good . 
  only small mortgage with my fiance . 
  no kids , so we do n't need big flat for now . 
  i do n't even have credit card as i do n't feel like i need it . 
  luckily i 'm in it , so i 'm well paid . 
  even if salary is low for western europe standards it 's still very good here , so i ca n't complain . 
  i can give you insight about poland . 
  most of us live in multi-family residential buildings ( at most of them are old , ugly and made from prefabricated walls ) which are connected to heating plant through city [ heat network ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/district_heating ) , so we just ... have warm water ( or rather pretty hot water ) and our radiators just get warm in winter . 
  in areas not connected to city network or in cities without them housing districts can have their own small heating plant . 
  houses in suburbia must have their own heating source of course and i think most of people use gas then . 
  but as i mentioned above since induction is very popular lately even in those situations people prefer to cook on it ( not sure how popular is it in houses , but i know my friend bought a house recently with gas heating , but without gas in kitchen and he 's very happy to use induction cooking ) . 
  since we have a lot of old buildings we also have a lot of gas ovens , but most of new buildings do n't have gas connection at all .
