  now they do n't , but they still force you to change your driving license when you move . 
  even if it ca n't be used as id . 
  ffs, 
  i envy you . 
  my few times bigger country in terms of population kept making same old shitty [ polonez ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/fso_polonez ) for so many years without too much progress it 's embarrassing . 
  i ca n't speak for other countries , but in poland it 's every where . 
  at my work place there 's a guy that visits us every morning selling breakfast sandwiches . 
  even he accepts card for 1.2 eur payment . 
  actually there are two different guys and both accept cards . 
  we also have vending machine that accepts cards for 0.35 eur payments . 
  you can request taxi driver that accepts cards . 
  and so on, 
  i feel like poland is pretty homogeneous . 
  i would n't call west eu countries homogeneous though . 
  just use card . 
  visa and mastercard is so popular that i can use it pretty much everywhere here even for very low payments . 
  you do n't need to carry cash at all . 
  western eu may have better standard of living comparing to the us . 
  the rest - not . 
  especially not in the 80s and 90s . 
  english language , as mentioned by / u/areshian . 
  besides that how much does a kid and young people think about europe ? 
  because europe thinks about us a lot - all those movies watched from early years , starting with donald duck - we 're really curious about the country that we see in all those movies . 
  and once we visit we feel like we 're in the movie . 
  but we 're taking about italy 15 years ago, 
  i always thought germany was rather specific for having a large population of turks . 
  part of the polish anthem :  we 'll cross the vistula and the warta ,  we shall be polish . 
   bonaparte has given us the example  of how we should prevail, 
   he probably knows what a muslim looks like , given there are quite a few in europe were there really 15 years ago in rome ? 
  and to be honest how exactly does a muslim looks like except for what they might wear ? 
  you sound a little like me . 
  i mean , i also wonder about it . 
  33m i think those questions pop in your head , because you 're not sure what 's the meaning of all of this and you wonder what your life would look if you do something else , something different , move somewhere etc. , but i 'm not really sure if that 's really what you want . 
  maybe you just feel that life is passing by and realize that you ca n't do everything , visit everything , have everything . 
  when i was young i watched movies and then i could think - being detective would be cool , being lawyer would be cool , driving a truck would be cool , being a firefighter would be cool and so on . 
  now i realize that obvious thing that child ca n't ( or i was just weird ) - that you ca n't taste everything . 
  sure you can quit your job , move 20k km from home and start doing something else . 
  but i wo n't be a detective and a lawyer anymore . 
  and even if we assume it 's still possible you realize - what for ? 
  it 's not like it 's something that important for me to drop everything else and chase it . 
  i only wonder about how would it be to do something else because it hits me that life has its span and we 're not going to live forever . 
  as to people that are not in our life anymore i also thing about it sometimes and i think that simply , there 's a reason they 're not in my life anymore . 
  even if it 's a simple reason as just that they have families now and no time and prefer to spend it with them . 
  but i think that it 's similar to previous paragraph - that i think why we do n't meet anymore , why are there not in my life anymore etc. 
  when the reality is - i do n't really have time , power or will to reach to them . 
  i wonder why we do n't reach to each other when in fact i 'm comfy with what i do and simply do n't bother . 
  too lazy to make a change or do i really need a change ? 
  maybe i just realize again that it 's sad we spent so much time together , did stupid things , but that 's slowly becoming the past , because we simply do n't have too much time and energy anymore and we 're willing to spend the time and energy on our so , kids and ourselves . 
  i too wonder from time to time if i liked to move , live somewhere else , meet new people etc. , but at the end i ask my self - do i really want it ? 
  would n't i just end up similarly to where i am - work till 5-6 , chill , supper , movies , video games and some time to kill on weekends ? 
  would it really make a difference ? 
  do i really need to shake my life ? 
  is n't it comfy now ? 
  even without huge change when thinking about moving to uk ( like many poles ) i wonder - for what ? 
  more money ? 
  newer car ? 
  bigger house ? 
  more stress ? 
  more time wasted on commuting ? 
  more time wasted at work ( seems to be the case in my area ) ? 
  i 'm lucky enough to live quite comfy here in poland to wonder if i liked it that much . 
  boy , the mind really make a huge transition between 27 and 33 . 
  everyone says - you 'll see , you wo n't have so much will and no one at 27 believes this . 
  you 'll see : , 
  i do n't hike much and i 'm not too informed about the reality of mountains , but even in poland 's not too high mountains there 's still a lot of snow in may above 2000m , sometimes even in the middle of june . 
  we went this year on july 11th , near bergamo and were still afraid there 'll be snow . 
  there were n't much , only on some fragments , but enough to start worrying about safety without crampons at 2700 meters . 
  i usually take 40 eur from atm and carry it for 2-3 weeks . 
  currently 3 eur on me . 
  paying by card almost everywhere . 
  wo n't it be still totally covered with snow ? 
   at one point we had identical twin brothers as the country 's president and prime minister ... which both starred as kids in a movie in 1962 about [ the two who stole the moon ] ( http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0060771/ ), 
  poland is poor and most of the cars are second hand . 
  not only this . 
  most of the cars are second hand cars from germany , netherlands , france etc. 
  they 're also quite old . 
  there 's almost 1 million used cars being imported to poland every year . 
  the average age of the car in poland is 12 years . 
  if you want a used car you usually go find it on polish sites similar to ebay and you pray it 's the one that has n't been imported , does n't have lowered the odo too much and is n't assembled from 3 different cars . 
  if your budget is low then visit poland . 
  beers starts from 1 eur for small lager to 3 eur for polish craft ipas in places like [ this one ] ( http://piwnastopa.pl/ ) food and accommodation is cheap . 
  not taking an advantage , but it 's funny that you can go to relatively distant place ( like yogyakarta , indonesia ) , go to a tourist place and you 'll still spot poles . 
  same in poland . 
  you just ca n't share , so torrents are not allowed . 
  all at once ? 
  do you do automated tests ? 
  my company is usually looking for testers who do . 
  currently looking for seniors . 
  i think they might be helpful regarding relocation and immigration stuff . 
  i do n't have the details , but we have people from ukraine and russia that relocated to work here , so i guess they know how to do it . 
  polish language is totally not required , but you can join polish lessons for free . 
  just keep in mind in poland you 'll get 2.5-3 times less than in uk or germany in terms of salary . 
  it 's still decent money as renting apartment and other services are much cheaper than in west eu . 
  and we work 9-5 , with almost no overtime and with almost no pressure . 
  pm me if you want company name , but i ca n't do much more as i do n't really know you , so ca n't vote for you . 
  i never had credit card . 
  but i have debit card , the paywave one and i can buy almost anything with it . 
  even a sandwich from a guy that visits my company , for ~ 1.20 eur . 
  i never had credit , but i took mortgage to buy apartment without a problem . 
  26 + 11 holidays that are not on sunday by default .
