from what i remember there is a popular corridor from chechnya through ukraine and to poland . 
  however poland is usually just a stop on their way to germany . 
  ah , thank god we will say goodbye to that in ~ 15 months . 
   it costed me an a shitload of money ( 600 euros ) to import my car you funny . 
  to import my 2 year old mitsubishi lancer to norway i would have to pay around 10 000 euro . 
  needless to say i am not driving a lancer anymore . 
  tag and grafitti are completely different . 
  tag is just a simple signature that a person tries to put in as many places ss possible . 
  tagging - graffiti for those who do n't give a damn about other peoples ' property and have no artistic skill . 
  `` graffiti artist '' ? 
  i 'll invent bricking - an art of throwing a brick through a window with my name on it . 
  random car . 
  random house . 
  random shop . 
  random train . 
  i 'll be a true `` bricking artist '' and i 'll demand respect . 
  note that the graph may be very misleading - it is cropped at 10 % at the bottom . 
  usa dropped from 19 % to 13 % and in the same period eurozone went up 21 % to 23 % . 
  much less dramatic than what the graph suggests . 
  bundling whole eurozone together is quite misleading too . 
  biggest eurozone economy - germany - has youth unemployment at very low 7.6 % . 
  greece , spain , italy pull the stats up with their numbers at ~ 50 %, 
  low salary is better than no salary . 
  if they are able to hire people it means that they provide a better package than what is available . 
  china 's huge economic boom is built on that as well . 
  is n't everything ? 
  only thing we could do to is to try to sell it as `` reddit hates jews '' to create media hype . 
  otherwise i ca n't see admins doing anything about it . 
  it 's about `` obowi\u0105zek meldunkowy '' - registration of residence, 
   why are polish men in london getting military call-up papers ? 
  because they did not declare that they are leaving poland - although they were obliged by law . 
  pure lazyness . 
  if you declare that you emigrated you will not be called for reservist training . 
  furthermore , conscription in poland was put on hold just few years ago and still every year few thousand guys got drafted for few weeks of training . 
  as people mentioned - you can live and work freely anywhere you want within eea ( not only eu , so switzerland and norway included ) . 
  that was just an analogy , to show that if you exchange `` eu immigrants '' ( or mostly romanians and bulgarians in this case ) to `` jews '' suddenly it 's a big deal , especially in relation to germany . 
  the problem is germany prepares * tighter * controls towards immigrants . 
  it 's like increasing controls on jewish run shops even though statistics show that they are more compliant then others , but `` all abuses should be controlled '' . 
  should n't abuses among the native population be controlled as well ? 
  there should be even more control among the natives , because the level of abuse is higher . 
  time after time statistics show , that `` welfare tourism '' does not exist . 
  yes , some eu immigrants abuse the social benefits , but it 's the same percentage of them as it is with the natives . 
  eu immigrants usually provide net contribution to the host country budget - usually better than natives . 
  different story with african/middle eastern immigration though . 
  it should be one of the options on the table at least . 
  annexation may be to strong - separate state under eu protection ? 
  if such plan materializes joining of the western provinces to poland/hungary/romania would have to be seriously considered by the eu and ukrainian people . 
  otherwise what remains of ukraine would be very weak and very poor - in ukraine it 's the east side that is more healthy economically . 
  agree , it would not be partition , but something quite similar . 
  actual partition would be last resort - if you can not secure a part of ukraine as independent state . 
  imagine scenario - russia invades , advances quickly but stops just before historically polish provinces . 
  remaining provinces have no way of governing themselves - they are too small and too weak . 
  it forces eu to intervene and include this land into poland/hungary/romania . 
  nice way to legitimize an invasion . 
  that would be quite unrealistic though - i doubt that poland would like to expand it 's territory - enough problems on the current land to fix . 
  western ukraine is decades behind poland , in lviv most people do n't have hot water for most of the day ... 
  consider scenario - russia invades ukraine and advances at 20km/h westwards . 
  should poland , hungary and romania enter ukraine ? 
  think about it - russia would not dare to fire at nato/eu troops . 
  if suddenly half of ukraine was `` occupied '' by nato forces it would definitely stop russian invasion - you ca n't say the same for ukrainian military . 
  after that you could establish west ukraine as a separate entity - that part of the country is very much pro-western anyway . 
  it is like east/west germany all over again , but i think if russia really invades , that would be a very welcome outcome by some ukrainians - especially the ones in the west . 
  suddenly nato countries conduct previously planned military exercises near their eastern boarder . 
  by pure change , russia is conducting previously planned military exercises on it 's eastern border . 
  what are the chances !? 
  http://look-up-ny.blogspot.no/2011/04/trio-of-tribeca-telecommunications.html new york , for those wondering . 
  is it really as bad as in the pictures , or op shows the worst of the worst and most of the rooms have , say , intact walls ? 
  i personally think it 's a good way to pump some money into poor villages in poor parts of eu . 
  one upper-middle class brit with nice retirement can double the income of the entire small village . 
  just hire gardners , plubmers , painters etc. 
  yes , this is not a sustainable way to drive economy , but if i was living in a poor god forsaken village i would very much welcome a rich guy to start spending his money . 
  i just checked the wikipedia article on baltic air policing and i found it funny that germany 's air force is still called luftwaffe . 
  i ** know ** that it just means `` air force '' but it still rings all the wwii bells in my head when i hear it , 
  http://wyborcza.pl/1,75478,15539956,firma_skupuje_psy_i_koty_na_kilogramy__na_rzez_.html better article , but google translate does not like this website . 
  auto translated text below :  10 z\u0142 per kilogram young dog , 12 z\u0142 per kilogram cat - but is ready to pay one of the companies . 
  the offer received shelters throughout the country . 
  environmentalists intend to notify the prosecutor 's office about the possibility of committing a crime . 
  on the mailbox municipal animal shelter in bielsko - biala came yesterday 's offer exotic meat poland . 
  the company offers shelter to cooperate . '', 
  it would consist of acquiring the exotic meat poland healthy animals and transporting them to countries in western europe and the far east . 
  can receive 40-50 animals per month '' - we read in the mail . 
   according to animal rights alone company - exotic meats - and buying up animals kilograms testify to the fact that they are intended for slaughter . 
   exotic meat poland offers 10 z\u0142 per kilogram dog having less than half a year , or 6.50 z\u0142 per kilogram of older animals . 
  the company is also interested in buying cats - proposes 12 z\u0142 per kilogram of animals less than half a year , or 8 z\u0142 for the elderly . 
   the suspect mail alerted us one of the vets shelter . 
  it turns out that such an offer received in the last days of youth throughout the country , including in korabiewicach , celestynow , milan\u00f3wek . 
  some considered it a stupid joke or provocation either organization fighting for the rights of animals . 
  the offer is given a phone number to mr. andrew , sales manager of the company . 
  we called , pretending to be interested in the offer . 
   - what 's next for these animals will happen ? 
  why even buys them ? 
  this is a legal activity ? 
  - try to find out . 
   - it 's a matter of our counterparty . 
  why would it be illegal ? 
  for us it 's business activities , we believe that we can be competitive in this market - we heard from mr. andrew . 
  - are you interested in entering into this ? 
  - asked . 
   under the given phone number in the mail also called anna desire of positive change foundation . 
  - i was hoping it was a joke , that no such number exists .
