  same people with same ideas can succeed in big markets while they die in small . 
  sure , you can do business internationally , but you need to comply with regulations of every country , and that costs money ... 
  many people believe that highly integrated eu is the way to go because in current global economy you have to be one of the big guys to have your voice heard . 
  if they follow the same rules as norway the uk government pays out just the difference . 
  so if uk benefit is 100 gbp and polish benefit is 20 gbp they will pay 80 gb only . 
  polish government pays benefits as well , but i think just 1/3 of what uk does . 
  i think you sketched a very good system . 
  i would even take it one step further - make eu distribute the benefits , tweak the amount from country to country or even region to region . 
  pay the money from common eu budget as well . 
  this extended will eventually make eu more like a single country . 
  i would like to see that , as i see it as the only way to compete with us , china or india in the long run , but i think we need many decades and marginalization of european countries for this idea to get the support it needs to succeed . 
  i see social benefits as something earned either by ( a ) citizenship , which in many ways binds you to a country or ( b ) paying taxes in a country . 
  you either pay benefits to citizens and tax payers or citizens and immigrants no matter their tax status . 
  i support the former mainly because in the case of latter you should pay benefits to whoever gets of the plane which i think would be unfair to tax payers . 
  in my vision of eu you should be able to go to any country and be treated as it 's citizen ( sans voting ) . 
  i dont understand why people oppose paying benefits for children abroad . 
  if the child is in poland it is better for everyone : * in both cases the parent pays the same amount of money into the system * if a child is in poland it will not use nhs , uk schools etc - less money goes out of the uk system * for the same money a child in poland can get more things than if it was living in uk , simply because of the lower living costs . 
  i used least squares fit for exponential growth function . 
  yes , slowly . 
  i extrapolated poland growth and france growth based on data since 1990 til now and in 40 years poland will have 60 % of france gdp per capita , although a lot can happen in that time . 
  some good politics can accelerate catching up a lot , look ireland or south korea . 
  it goes without saying you can screw things up as well . . 
  your own answer is correct . 
  http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/foreign-born_population_of_the_united_kingdom i took the last column , 2011 ons estimate . 
  total of foreign born population - 6.5 mln . 
  how many of that is from eu countries ? 
  35 % only . 
  baltic states , ukraine , belarus , poland , georgia etc are independent countries and may ally with whoever they please . 
  you are correct , my bad . 
  http://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/convention_relating_to_the_status_of_refugees us participates in this part very much . 
  they are not locked down though - they are free to return to their home country if they want . 
  nothing really . 
  you just have to say `` i think eu should ignore geneva convention on refugees '' . 
  other countries will react , but there is no international police . 
  fully agree , although i think that it is actually legal . 
   yeah but i still do n't care about those refugees as much as i do about poles in kazakhstan . 
  i even care more about hungry children in poland - but that is , again , completely different argument . 
   and can countries be forced to take refugees ? 
  can and are - geneva convetion forces countries to accept refugees . 
   anyway we both know that an average pole will make no distinction between refugees , economic immigrants , and whatever else they imagine them to be . 
  it does n't make it right , but the well was poisoned before the debate even started . 
  well , that 's how democracy works , right ? 
  i understand why people think as they do , but that does not mean i have to agree with them . 
   first we have to fix the refugee system so that only genuine refugees can remain in europe , not everyone who hops on a boat . 
  this is a common misconception - there is already a system in place . 
  for example france rejects 4 out of 5 applications for refugee status - http://www.thelocal.fr/20140324/france-asylum-refugee-rejects-four-out-of-five-asylum-seekers  then establish some refugee camps and foreign aid programs inside africa to directly help those who need it the most and diminish reasons for genuine refugees to cross the sea . 
  we are talking about huge amounts of money going out of europe to africa for welfare . 
  good luck selling that . 
   i dont want my country to participate in what i consider to be a fundamentaly flawed and unsustainable system . 
  lebanon , a country of 4 million took in 1 million refugees , and we are talking about quotas of 5 thousand refugees for poland that has population of 38 million . 
  the system in place is probably not perfect , but the quotas are really tiny in comparison to what happens elsewere . 
  it 's not really deportation when you accept someone into your country . 
  resettling refugees is really common . 
  http://www.unhcr.org/pages/4a16b1676.html  and countries that do n't take in immigrants refugees . 
  very different from immigrants . 
  you * could * keep them in camps . 
  this is not very cost efficient though . 
  there is also no reason not to introduce legislation saying that refugees are exempt from the eu freedom of movement , as they are not eu citizens . 
  the thing is those two problems are not really connected at all . 
  poles from kazakhstan are not refugees . 
  taking them in does not change the refugee issue in the slightest . 
  if suddenly we get refugees kazakhstan or ukraine then it is a perfectly valid argument , that we will not take 5000 from syria because we already took 5000 from other places . 
  however today it is not the case . 
  also there is a lot of misconceptions about ukrainians moving to poland . 
  they are not `` refugees from ukraine '' . 
  they are immigrants on a work permit - their status is not too different from poles living and working in uk . 
  nobody from ukraine gets a refugee status , because if you are from the warzone you can find refuge in western part of ukraine , that is war-free . 
  i think that 90 % or more of people in poland does not understand the issue . 
  the first knee jerk reaction is :  those idiots in eu want to make us happy with their bullshit multi-cultural crap by forcing us to get those black muslim immigrants !, 
  how about no !, 
  when you explain , that this is not the case , it is about refugees landing in italy , hungary etc it goes like  just send them back where they came from - it is that easy !, 
  eu has no spine . 
  then you have to explain that there is this geneva convention thing and you can not send them back . 
  every single country in the world signed that and all tend to respect that . 
  at this point your conversation adversary is too deep into his opinion and silly arguments are brought up , like that france should take them , as they fueled the war in lybia or they should be distributed among countries that used to have colonies in africa , exploiting the population . 
  it is also popular to bring up world war 2 and that the west screwed us over and that we should start repatriate poles from kazakhstan first . 
  it 's a lost cause . 
  i hope that there will be no war in ukraine , because if the refugee quotas will not get passed now , they will not be passed for the ukrainian refugees either . 
  therefore poland will be stuck with few millions of refugees and absolutely no will from the western countries to help . 
  baltic air policing gives me a sense of pride whenever poland is takin part in that operation - 6 times so far . 
  i would not mind if similar or more permanent program was in place - poland could spare one armored division to station there , so could germany . 
  note that they are technically not refugees , but immigrants . 
  poland will not grant them refugee status as most of their country , ukraine , is not at war . 
  data not yet available, 
  his band was called `` piersi '' , which can be translated to `` breasts '' . 
  one of his most popular songs below , titled ( in translation ) `` kiss me '' https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bfpzn2fuug0 and in politics ? 
  he was essentially a nobody before this election . 
  just writing some opinion pieces for right wing press . 
  refugees are redistributed , illegal immigrants are sent back . 
  75 % in my peer group would mean 95 % of general population when it comes to this issue . 
  nope , either illegal or on work permit . 
  you can even keep refugees in closed camps . 
  no country is forced to accept them as citizens . 
  usually it 's just cheaper to let them integrate then to keep them in camps for years and then send them back . 
  ukrainian refugees in poland ? 
  there are almost none . 
  immigrants - yes , some - but refugees ? 
  almost zero . 
  no ukrainian will get refugee status because most of their territory is not at war and they can safely live there . 
  i do n't think you should mark poland as partly qwertz .
