  i did not want to believe that such a thing is possible . 
  associations i such that i felt poorly . 
  animals of our shelters are expected to be good homes , they should not be exported abroad somewhere - says mrs. anna . 
   jacek bozek , head of klub gaja , already passed the matter to lawyers cooperating with the organization . 
  next week , environmentalists submit to the prosecution notice of a possible crime . 
  god advises that there are situations where youth are taught by people for whom the profit , not the welfare of the animals . 
   - this offer creates the possibility of massive fraud - says bozek . 
  no wonder it outrage people , but points out that , unfortunately , other animals do not have such luck . 
   - dogs and cats are closer to our hearts . 
  sorry , but if someone wants to buy up pigs , cows or horses who cares little , hardly anyone wants to lift a finger - adds ecologist . 
  unfortunately it is not polish humour . 
  protasiewicz was just a drunk arsehole . 
  this is due to nationalization of previously private pension funds though ... 
  i feel you . 
  living innorway now which is excluded like 70 % of the time ... 
  sikorski is a very interesting person - [ wiki ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/rados%c5%82aw_sikorski ) war correspondent in afghanistan ( at the time when the taliban were the `` good guys '' ) , won the world press photo award , was advisor to rupert murdoch . 
  oh , and his wife won a pulitzer award . 
  how do you explain this then - http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/orange_revolution ? 
  what was different ? 
  ukrainian opposition is not as widely supported as some may think . 
  not really . 
  adding that part of ukraine to eu would create another flood of immigrants . 
  even if you make them second class citizens that can not migrate to eu they would have to be able to migrate within poland - that would be very unpopular in poland . 
  unemployment at 12 percent is bad enough , nobody would want ukrainians underbidding poles on the construction sites of warsaw . 
  it is ironic since poles did the same in uk , but that 's how it is . 
  people would feel that it 's bad enough in poland that so many people leave the country and now ukranians are making it even worse . 
  military intervention due to internal unrest - that worked well ... never . 
  opposition leaders were in power since 2005 for couple of years and they got voted out . 
  you want eu to do what ? 
  put a puppet leader that will be controlled from brussels ? 
  split ukraine in half , give east part to russia and west to poland ? 
  ukraine has to fix this internally . 
  and this will not change any time soon : http://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/d/d0/us_real_median_household_income_1967_-_2011.png us is struggling to equalize income among citizens , eu is trying to do the same by countries . 
   the schengen-agreement does n't have many ( any ? ), 
  benefits for us . 
  i see you did not travel much pre-schengen . 
  otherwise fair points . 
  if the end result would be : - keeping the free trade , - being outside of eu/eea legislation ( common law , making business easier ) , - being outside of schengen area - being outside of other eu/eea exclusives ( think the ec killing the roaming rates ) - no more easy population movement switzerland < --  eu is it still worth it ? 
  btw : i think the above is the most realistic outcome currently . 
  if eu gives in and just edits the current treaties it will eventually collapse due to uk and others starting to pick and choose . 
  how will closing internal eu borders help with the influx of immigrants form outside eu ? 
  how does changing immigration policies for eu citizens change anything for non-eu citizens ? 
  how does that change anything ? 
  you know that the swiss vote does affects only migration from eu citizens , right ? 
   `` progress has said many times that norway should study the eea agreement and use whatever room for manoeuver there is to limit immigration , '' keshvari said . 
   he accused lithuanians and poles of being drawn to norway by the country 's free health care and generous social security benefits . 
  sigh ... norwegians are 50 % more likely to get social benefits than poles , so if somebody is accusing poles of taking advantage of the system , they should focus on norwegians as well . 
  and lithuanians ? 
  they are the least likely nationality to claim benefits . 
  mr.keshvari , you need to find a different justification for your xenofobia . 
  source : ssb.no , statistics office of norway . 
  latest stats i found there were from 2008 , but still . 
  i agree in full . 
  the guy should have a chance - i have no clue how it is to be blind . 
  that being said - i have big doubts about him being able to master physics . 
  this illustrates the result of a cfd simulation . 
  if you are blind you can not see this result , you will not see how the flow behaves . 
  yes , this is a mathematical object but you can not see the big picture unless you `` see '' . 
  as much as i would like to think that you can be an able physicist while being blind , i do n't think that 's possible . 
  how can a blind person interpret [ this ? 
  i 'd say 99 % of eu immigrants in uk speak english at least at a basic level . 
  some people tend to complain that those * dirty immigrants * wo n't even learn the language . 
  uk citizens living abroad on the other hand tend not to speak the local language at all . 
  `` everybody speaks english '' is as good of an excuse as polish immigrant saying `` i buy at polish shops and my supervisor at work is polish - i do n't need to learn english even though i am in uk '' . 
  i know it 's hard to learn the local language . 
  i do n't speak the language of my host country right now even though i live here for almost 3 years - everybody speaks english , but as i said - it 's a lame excuse . 
  it is hard , but guess what - moving from a god forsaken village on the very east border of eu to uk to feed your family , even though you do n't know the language is even more difficult . 
  this is , more or less , what i am implying , 
  14k brits in norway http://www.ssb.no/en/befolkning/artikler-og-publikasjoner/_attachment/146776?_ts=143c3b051c8, 
  chicago is 2nd largest `` polish '' city by population , 
  this part is the best :  mark field , a conservative mp , told the newspaper : `` these [ figures ] are not like for like : lots of brits abroad are successful people living in second homes in spain or france . 
  most brits living abroad are not ** aggressive beggars or sleeping rough on the streets . 
  ** '' wow ... just wow ... 
  it kinda proves the point though . 
  the worst assholes of the uk stay at home and at least some of them become conservative mps . 
  how many of eu immigrants in uk speak local language ? 
  how many uk immigrants in eu speak local language ? 
  it would be a nice , yet painful for some , statistic , 
  unskilled workers will just work in germany/uk/scandinavia and skilled workers will continue to work in switzerland , but more paperwork will be required ( ie . 
  pain in the butt ) . 
  swiss skilled workers will continue to work in eu , but with more paperwork ( ie . 
  pain in the butt ) housing prices will go down ( less people to rent them ) and services/construction cost will go up ( fewer unskilled workers allowed in ) . 
  nothing drastic will happen . 
  the best thing that we can get out of it is the uk finally growing balls to leave eu and the uk-free eu will be able to integrate more . 
  countries within eu do n't want to treat all eu citizens equally , how on earth eu expects the us to do it ? 
  it is the ukraine that is an outlier , not poland really . 
  yup , but that 's illegal . 
  carlo piana , this guy is good . 
  he replied to my email when i asked for advice on consumer protection laws . 
   and culturally we 're not unified at all . 
  i 'm nothing like a southerner , for example come on , you think there is more difference between new yorker and texan than you have between someone from brittany and corsica ? 
  sicily and milan ? 
  sakhalin and moscow ? 
  catalonia and madrid ? 
  faroe islands and copenhagen ? 
  other countries are not uniform either . 
  finland has phenomenal impact on the world considering it 's size . 
  i was making a point about how expansive us culture is compared to finland . 
  this , plus i think many people may consider belittling italian culture if the author of the blog considers herself italian . 
  not knowing the language , not knowing the culture except for little bits and pieces .
