  superbowl , * friends * , new york , hollywood , * south park * , six flags , disney , hamburgers , hot dogs , fast food , jay leno , oscars , nasa , * flinstones * , reddit , microsoft , apple , coca cola , pepsi , frank sinatra , marilyn monroe ... just from the top of my head . 
  now you list well known things that are a part of polish culture and see how many you will get just from the top of your head . 
  hell , list finnish things that will be somewhat recognizable outside of finland . 
  to play it on hard you can not use nokia . 
  american culture is huge and has huge impact on the world . 
  i am not saying that if it 's not know it does not exist - i just think that you see that there is no * american culture * because : - you have been surrounded by it whole your life - it is so well known around the world that most people already know it , making it look like less unique, 
  well it includes me , but uniquely enough for polish migrant i work as an engineer in oil business , not construction . 
  still , most of our engineers are from abroad and hiring someone from eea is just so much easier than someone from outside . 
  it is easier for the employee as well - eea migrants have the same rights as norwegians when it comes to unemployment benefits or even possibility to stay within the country searching for a new job , which is not that easy if you are , say , from india . 
  from my experience of living in norway for couple of years most norwegians do n't seem to understand that they are tightly connected with the eu . 
  also - people from eu do n't understand how close norway is as well . 
  this poll just shows that norwegians see that eu is not in a very good shape right now , nothing more . 
  for me this just shows that even if this revolution is successful ( new elections that opposition wins ) will end up in yet again power struggle ... 
  i never heard about it - it is awesome !, 
  you misunderstood . 
  i show that eastern europe is stable , not that uk is not . 
  nobody questions stability of uk - even though there were riots . 
  this just shows to op , who is from uk , that suggesting easter european `` spring '' makes as much sense as asking for uk spring . 
  depends what are you referring to as eastern europe . 
  also i think it is much more stable than [ england ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/2011_england_riots ) , or [ france ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/2005_french_riots ) . 
  some people in this thread suggest belarus , but it is growing steadily according to wikipedia . 
  bulgaria and romania has well established democracies , so no problem there . 
  nothing will happen there . 
  how does adding a second official language takes away the right to speak your mother toungue ? 
  i think you have the correct answer . 
  that 's why this would be a gradual process . 
  having most of the population somewhat proficient will take 40-60 years . 
  i 'm not sure if i understand you correctly , but english is not my native language . 
  is that sarcasm or did you mean esperanto ? 
  the advantage is already here . 
  i work in norway - most engineering companies in oil business use english as their working language anyway . 
  this also means that i have really hard time learning norwegian as it is not really needed ... 
  it just needs to be modeled after countries that have more than one official language . 
  like finland - swedish is one of the official languages , everybody learn is at school , but that does not change the dominant language . 
  you are wrong , being racist is typical of people in uk . 
  ... now that sounded racist did n't it ? 
  very convincing explanation , especially since they mentioned it is like slush . 
  i looked into uk and norway recently . 
  it is usually eu immigrants that contribute , even more than the natives . 
  different story for non eu immigrants , especially from asia/africa . 
  i think this is because even poorest eu countries give good education and education opportunities . 
  immigrants from somalia , ethiopia or afghanistan do not have those , hence their migrant population is much less educated . 
  less education = fewer job opportunities , lower income , higher crime rate - all independent of your ethnicity . 
  this is mine - [ sandnes , norway ] ( http://i.imgur.com/b6qhyki.jpg ) i grant you mine with `` do whatever you want with it '' licence , 
  because it is not about the money . 
  it is about playing with the feelings of the public to get elected . 
  there are valid reasons to be anti-immigrant . 
  if you are poorly educated you will have a hard time finding a job due to mass immigration . 
  but that does not sound as nice as `` they are just lazy and came here for the benefits '' . 
  amost everybody did , but since 2011 it is compulsory . 
  poland introduced that in 2011 . 
  starting from 1st grade of elementary school ( 7 year olds ) all kids have foreign language classes , usually english . 
  it works quite well , although english is much more useful than any foreign language you can teach in uk ... 
  sure , but you should not target the immigrant population , but the whole population , especially if the natives abuse it more . 
  minimum wage in poland is ~ 400 $ / mth yet there is no mass migration for benefits to germany , even though it is just on the other side of the river . 
  do n't you need to work first to get unemployment benefits ? 
  careful there , with the norwegian alcohol prices you will spend that million very soon , 
  was there a special cause for it or was it just an ordinary , albeit big , wave ? 
  it was a co-production . 
  from wiki - the film is a co-production between poland , france , germany and the united kingdom . 
  and polanski is polish , so it counts , 
  if you take into account age , education , family income and other factors the crime rate for immigrants from all countries are fairly the same . 
  although it is about crime , not benefits , and it comes from norway i think the results would be very similar . 
  i do n't agree . 
  when i come back from far east asia or from the us i get the `` at home '' feeling the moment i land at schipol even though i am polish living in norway . 
  it 's just all those little things like food brands , power outlets or even toilets . 
  although i agree that for someone from uk it may be different due to language ( ie . 
  lithuania vs australia ) . 
  immigrants from eu contribute more to uk economy than uk citizens ( per capita ) . 
  to quote one study : `` these differences are partly explainable by immigrants ' more favourable age-gender composition . 
  however , even when compared to natives with the same age , gender composition , and education , recent immigrants are ** still 21 % less likely than natives to receive benefits ** '' source : http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/uk-24813467 i think it 's because if you are from poland and you cant find a job in uk - you will probably move back to poland . 
  if you are uk citizen and can not find a job in uk , you are stuck in uk - it is much more difficult to emigrate than to leave a country that you just migrated to . 
  edit : to be more on point - cameron is playing pure politics , not economy . 
  no one said it 's perfect , just that it is much better . 
  imagine driving on the shitty roads you experienced north/east from warsaw all the way from the german border , which was the case just few years ago . 
  thing is there are very few people living there - http://www.wiking.edu.pl/upload/geografia/images/polska_rozmieszczenie_ludno.jpg - so it is not a priority . 
  what are you talking about ? 
  http://pl.wikipedia.org/wiki/plik:stan_budowy_drog.svg http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/highways_in_poland http://imgur.com/rq7t863 ( y-axis missing units , kilometer . 
  source - wikipedia above . 
  2014 is estimate ), 
  poland has motorways now . 
  i used to travel around europe and border controls are a pain . 
  euro makes travel easier as we 4 . 
  getting a job abroad was super easy for me . 
  yes , me too actually , but it is not the driving force behind integration . 
  these are different levels . 
  there is patriotism when it comes to family , then neighbourhood , then cities , then regions , then countries . 
  and now a new level emerged - global , where you have eu , us , china , south america etc. 
  i said `` big guys '' meaning economy . 
  note that while eu has a common market , , common budget ( some ) , freedom to live and work wherever you want on par with the countries ' citizens , there is no common foreign policy , there is no common military . 
  it 's a matter of economy and scale . 
  say you want to start a candy company . 
  squirrel flavored candy bar . 
  if you are in the us you can advertise it to 300mln people . 
  say 0.1 % of population will buy your candy . 
  thats 300k candy bars sold . 
  finland on the other hand is 5.4 mln people . 
  this translates to 3500 candy bars sold . 
  300 000 is ok do grow your company , 3500 is not . 
  this is why european countries need a common market .
