you ca n't just stop arguing as soon as someone makes a nazi comparison . 
  there * are * similarities between the way the nazis catalogued people according to different races and religions and the way many want to create registers and stuff of muslims today , although i think the other commenter went a bit to far in saying that it might lead to shit like the holocaust . 
  the first part of his/her comment still holds true though : we can punish individuals for their crimes but it will always end up affecting innocents if you start punishing arbitrary groups of people because they appear to hold some view according to some poll . 
  that is * not * something i want my politicians to do , not least because it is exactly what isis and other groups are hoping for with these attacks . 
  it makes sense if you are planing on owning a share of a hospital or insurance company . 
  it governs it 's citizens * and * to a lesser extent anyone else within it 's borders . 
  to use your analogy : you may not be a us citizen but you are still going to be held responsible for committing a crime in the us . 
  why ? 
  governments * can * mostly do good within their own borders , and it is unrealistic and naive to expect much more than that . 
  but sometimes they can also act in the interests of others , and the migrant crisis is one such time . 
  you could also present it like this ; `` the people they are governing '' includes anyone they have power over , mening anyone within their borders . 
  when a migrant arrives within eu borders , they are governed by the eu . 
  how exactly do you stop the problem of the greatest migration of people since ww2 coming to europe without letting many of them settle in europe ? 
  do we just let turkey and the north african nations deal with them ? 
  i think we agree that the most important thing is to minimize the need for such a migration in the first place but a solution needs to incorporate both the long and the short term . 
  is it worse that those things are happening here than if they happened outside the eu : s borders ? 
  it seems to me that we can either take in the troublemakers and make them our problem , or let others ( who are less capable ) deal with it . 
  i think you misunderstand my point . 
  there is a problem . 
  refugees cause problems . 
  the extent of those problems , however , are not near as bad as many would make it out to be . 
  germany and sweden will get through these problems without imposing sharia law and whatever else is claimed on the ( far ? ), 
  right , but we will face many short-term costs as we figure out exactly how best to deal with this situation . 
  in that regard , it 's not so different from britain and brexit . 
  [ here ] ( http://www.economist.com/news/finance-and-economics/21688938-europes-new-arrivals-will-probably-dent-public-finances-not-wages-good-or ) is an article briefly describing the pros and cons of immigration . 
  [ here is another one . 
  ] ( https://www.theguardian.com/business/2016/may/09/germany-imf-economy-growth-refugees-migrants-labour-ageing-population ) basically , the argument is that expanding the labor pool of a country will help grow the economy , and that in turn can then be reinvested into the people formerly working those jobs . 
  this is a very well known argument among economists , but i know that at least i am not qualified to discuss the merits of that idea . 
  i trust the experts , but i heard that you brits are not as keen on doing so anymore . 
  or knowing your country better than steve bannon . 
  there is also this thing called confirmation bias you know . 
  but i 'm sure its just denial on the part of a majority of germans and swedes . 
  yeah . 
  that 's a lot more comforting than having to rethink your views , right ? 
    plus , you piss off the english . 
  that 's a nice bonus . 
   aaaaaaaand that 's why we 're leaving . 
  it seems to me that you are the one acting offended , tbh . 
  is n't it strange that most of the people complaining about our countries `` failing '' are neither german nor swedish ? 
   and according to most here , that means she is the worst and represents every bad adjective possible . 
  i would say most people just disagree with their blatantly dishonest rhetoric , as well as their policy proposals . 
  many bad adjectives , sure , but you ca n't just dismiss a majority opinion because people disagree with you . 
  i disagree with these people on many things , but what seals the deal for me personally is their stance on climate change . 
  trump , by being completely ignorant of the issue , and le pen for being against international climate talks . 
  she has also said that : `` the true environmentalism is to produce and consume as closely as possible and recycle on site '' . 
  which is a very skewed view on climate issues . 
  what makes it worse and incredibly cynical is that they are anti-immigration at the same time , even though climate change will be * the * primary driver of mass migration in the future . 
  in many ways we are already seeing this , but the far-right is to busy blaming islam that they are completely oblivious to the droughts plaguing the middle east . 
  to add to this , i agree but sometimes actual numbers do matter in similar contexts . 
  if we are only talking about a dozen or so actual cases , the ratio might just be a statistical fluke . 
  in this case however , it is pretty clear that there is a large enough dataset to accurately depict the ratio of male to female suicides . 
  we wo n't get * more * beggars though , will we ? 
  they will be moved around perhaps ( which is not necessarily as simple as you suggest , as others have pointed out ) , but overall the difference is just that you now see the beggars , while before they were hidden from you . 
  why do you think 100 beggars in sweden is worse than 100 beggars in romania ? 
   so because it does n't have to do anything with immigration , suddenly it makes sweden not the `` grenade capital '' of europe ? 
  nope , it just means that it does n't support their narrative . 
   it just puts us in a situation of being left with no proper data . 
  there is tons of data , and it does debunk the claims being made . 
  however , when comparing that data to other statistics in other countries , you have to be a bit more thorough in your research than outlets like breitbart tend to be . 
  the grenade thing has nothing to do with immigration . 
  and no , the rape thing is an oft repeated lie . 
  [ here is some further reading on the subject ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/sweden/comments/3w8gki/the_number_of_rapes_in_sweden_are_not_as_high_as/?sort=top ), 
   maybe that 's your #alternativedefinition definitions are not like facts . 
  you get to make them up . 
  however , if you also want to be understood , you have to make sure people know what you made up . 
  that 's exactly why we define things . 
  so you define `` invasion '' as ( correct me if i 'm wrong ) a group of people entering an area against the current occupants will . 
  the other commenter probably defines it more along the lines of a millitary conquest . 
  both definitions can apply to the mongol invasions , but only the first one can apply to immigration . 
  the other commenter do n't want us to treat this situation like the it is the mongol invasions , hence his/her objection to the term . 
   well they are sub saharan africans perhaps a map and a dictionary would do you good . 
  alright fair enough . 
  every action ripples through eternity in some ways i guess . 
  i did n't mean to misrepresent your views and i know from experience how annoying it is to present some half-controversial situation in order to argue something more abstract and have people completely miss the point . 
  have a nice day !, 
   that is not true we infringe on freedom even when it is between consenting adults in cases concerning cannibalism or necrophilia if you were to take the extreme standpoint . 
  my point is not to argue against gay marriage as i do not oppose it my point is to argue against the idea that society does not legislate based on morality . 
  society does legislate based on morality not . 
  i see your point . 
  i would argue though , that the morality is relatively uncontested , while what we mostly argue about is whether or not a certain fact is true , or what effects a certain policy will have . 
  this is a pretty deep philosophical debate to be had though if you want to go that route . 
   and it is absurd to say that 2 adults decisions do not solely affect them , if the soldiers decides to stop fighting , or the doctor to stop working it affects more than the individual making the decision . 
  i do n't argue that * anything * two consenting adults decide to do is justified , but that in cases were it only affects them , it is . 
   all actions affect society and others both for good and for bad . 
  so please tell me how two guys deciding to put their dicks in each other leads to bad things for society . 
  expanding marriage to polygamy would be great in theory . 
  but in practice , it raises lots of questions as it is a contract between three or more people . 
  what happens , for instance , if person a wants do divorce person b but stay married to person c ? 
  how do you decide about custody of children in such a situation ? 
  expanding marriage to apply to gay couples is easy , as the legal situation is identical to that of a straight couple . 
  not so much with polygamy . 
  we limit freedom when it infringes on someone else 's freedom . 
  two consenting adults deciding to form a relationship affects no one but them , so why do you think we should limit their freedom ? 
  they have changed as the world and thus the political landscape has changed around them , which is only reasonable . 
  their core values remain the same . 
  i guess that 's were we disagree then, 
  donning a headscarf for a brief visit to iran is a bit different to being enslaved do n't you think ? 
  the misogynistic leadership of iran are appeased by simply donning a headscarf . 
  do we take that as an opportunity to get something out of them or do we take the opportunity to protest and point out their misogyny , which is already blatantly apparent to everyone ? 
  i usually go for the pragmatic option , rather than the feel good option .
