  they are also decendant from native americans , east asian immigrants and african slaves . 
  what 's your point ? 
  and sweden is a concept made by vikings or something . 
  what 's your point ? 
  come shill with the radical center at r/neoliberal, 
  what ? 
  it is not a direct tax burden on the poor but eventually they ( we ) will have to pay for most of the damages done . 
  call it a tax or do n't , either way the lower and middle classes will be paying for it one way or another . 
  it is advantageous to the rich because it is a lot more profitable to just dump your poisonous waste into the nearest river and forget about it than it is to properly clean up after yourself . 
  in economics i think this is known as the `` tragedy of the commons '' . 
  i would suggest reading some more about that if you want to see what more knowledgeable people have to say about this . 
   i might check out that podcast , sounds interesting . 
  it 's honestly quite amazing . 
  the most recent episode is about the first half of the cold war and how crazy the attitudes were on nuclear weapons at that time . 
  the older episoder ( including wrath of the khans iirc ) are not on the public rss feed though so you 'll have to buy them or otherwise aquire them through less official means . 
  i really recommend them though . 
  he also does a podcast called `` common sense '' which deals with current us politics . 
  both of them are among my favorite podcasts . 
   you have a good point about it being 800 years ago , still the khmer rouge is very recent , and few people know of it . 
  hopefully all the transgressions of the world will one day pass into distant history , and we can all live in peace . 
  i think we are in agreement here , but i would hesitate to draw too many conclusions from the fact that many people are ignorant of many things . 
  more often than not , the people who are in positions of power where knowledge of these things matter will know all about it . 
  regular people on the streets in sweden or denmark might not know all that much about the khmer rouge but they also do n't need to most of the time . 
  it would help if people were more knowledgeable in general though . 
   you have good arguments for your opinions , i respect that . 
  and likewise i respect your ability to argue in good faith . 
  it seems rare on the internet for some reason . 
  no i do n't . 
  chinese people today do n't blame the mongols of today , obviously . 
  it all happened 800 years ago so it would be weird to give it the same attention as , say , the japanese occupation or the opium wars . 
  my understanding of this particular issue comes mainly from dan carlin 's hardcore history podcast , the wrath of the khans series . 
  in the first episode ( i think ) he goes out of his way to express how his chinese history teacher was displeased that an assignment of his about the mongol military had so little focus on their atrocities , and how large an impact it had on chinese history . 
  but this is all very anecdotal . 
  the point is that i do n't think anyone who knows much about the mongols would claim that their atrocities are unimportant . 
  there is also a certain bias involved when viewing the mongols from a western perspective as they never got around to conquering central and western europe . 
  we like to focus on their military prowess for the entertainment value of it , but a russian would be more prone to look at the mongols for the impact they had on russian history , and that is where the genocidal tendencies have a context 800 years later . 
  take a look at the number of people killed by terrorism in the middle east and in europe and try again . 
  `` we need to work with allies democratic governments to reach international agreements to regulate cyberspace to prevent the spread of extremist and terrorism planning . '', 
  this is about as specific as it gets in this article and i ca n't seem to find any actual policy proposal yet , but this is from the same politician that did censor certain categories of pornography from being viewed from britain . 
  why should anyone trust her and her party to be less strict when the goal is to `` prevent the spread of extremist and terrorism planning '' ? 
  how do you envision the state will enforce this ? 
  what policy proposals are we likely to see from the tories to combat extremism online ? 
  will they hire a team of researchers and policy experts to produce well sourced arguments on these forums in an attempt to win over the radicals ? 
   the mongol empire killed the highest percentage of the world population - ever , but noone ever blame them for it . 
  really ? 
  noone ever blames the mongols ? 
  tell that to the chinese . 
  i 'm sure they agree . 
  hey , i 'm just spreading the word about the wonders of outward facing doors . 
  we had a little string of rope attached to the rail next to my front door where i grew up , specifically so that we could keep the door open and let the fresh air in on hot summer days without the door constantly slamming shut . 
  i ca n't really speak for how common that is in general but it has never struck me as odd , and i can not recall anyone ever remarking upon it . 
  the mid shannon tourism investment scheme from the finance act of 2007 ? 
  i 'm not an economist and i 've never heard about this before ( and i 'm also not an expert on the issue of homogenization of taxes in the eu ) but it seems to me that the main differences here are that : 1 : it focused on specific areas of the tourist industry rather than corporate taxes as a whole . 
  2 : the exemptions were on business operating in that area , not just ones headquartered there . 
  meaning that you ca n't pay less taxes on your activities outside of the area . 
  this is different from the current situation with ireland in the eu , as i understand it , as those companies get access to the single market but pay taxes in ireland . 
  3 : it was a 3 year program intended to kickstart growth in the region , not to making it dependent on lower taxes for continued competitiveness . 
  i might be mistaken here but it seems to me that there are quite profound differences to the situation of tax harmonization in the eu . 
  would you use the same arguments within a single country ? 
  for instance , lowering tax rates outside of dublin to incentivice companies to set up shop away from the superior infrastructure in dublin ? 
  if not , then i do n't see why this would apply on an european scale either . 
  instead , profits in belgium and the other rich countries can and should ( and does , afaik ) get redistributed to support irish growth if and when furthering the european project puts ireland at a competitive disadvantage . 
  it can happen when going in and out on windy days if you are not careful . 
  but if you want the door to stay open you could just tie it down or use a door stopper . 
  i googled it and it seems that parents are leaving their babies in their strollers during winter while they go inside for a fika so as not to wake the baby by removing ten layers of cloth . 
  i was picturing babies on the balcony at night but this is fine too i guess . 
   * why do swedish babies sleep outside uhm ... 
  i do n't know what to say really . 
  but why ? 
  that just means that german citizens are less represented on an eu level than irish or swedish citizens . 
  i see what you are saying but i do n't agree . 
  ultimately , any democracy has internal borders between administrative regions , which often have different interests . 
  this is true in ireland and sweden on the national levels , as well as on an eu level . 
  i could make a similar case on the local level in sweden ; why should stockholm and gothenburg have a larger say in government than simrishamn or lule\u00e5 ? 
  the argument that you are making seems to be that smaller administrative regions should have a larger proportional say than their bigger neighboring regions . 
  but this is ultimately undemocratic , and it misses a key point ; an individual vote in stockholm has the same weight as an individual vote in simrishamn . 
  so , as a swede who also accounts for a smaller subdivision within the eu than germany or france , i ask you this : why should my vote count for more than a german 's vote ? 
  i 'm asking about trump and if you think he handled it properly , not what you would have done . 
  do you think trump did the right thing by not putting out an official statement ? 
  edit ; i do n't know what i would have done , but i would n't want them beaten to death over it . 
  since we are suddenly talking my about completely unrelated things , i 'd like to know your opinion on the turkish delegation and their crimes against american protesters . 
  do you think trump did the right thing in not saying a word about the fact that his citizens were assaulted by foreign diplomats in the capital of the us ? 
  exactly . 
  like every one of the people in the picture . 
  what media is fake and what media is not fake then ? 
  the youtube who made this comparison video ? 
  [ for all the poor souls who have no idea what is going on here . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s-moy8vuebk ), 
  does it ever occur to you that `` fake news '' might be an establishment narrative ? 
  bad leaders love nothing more than gullible voters and eroding peoples trust in the institutions that are set up to provide information is an incredibly effective way of achieving that . 
  i do n't know why you are getting downvoted . 
  atat\u00fcrk was a great leader in many ways but it 's no secret that the kurds suffered under him . 
  world leaders are seldom all good or all bad , and the same obviously applies here . 
  * stormaktstiden intensifieras *, 
  yeah that 's my point . 
  marcus aurelius seemed to be pretty great , but as soon as his son took over things went to shit . 
  until a commodus comes along and destroys their legacy ... 
  well , i have n't read much of poppers works myself but i would guess that 's a very good start . 
  it seems that he thought about these things quite a lot . 
  personally , however , i think that in the vast majority of instances it is enough to simply ban anti-democratic parties and politicians from running for office .
