   exactly , and just as you do n't have to take up cannibalism when you 're in borneo , there 's no ethical , moral , or legal obligation to kowtow to an oppressive regime and do the walk of shame donning the hijab in iran . 
  there is no obligation , but it probably makes you a better diplomat , which is the purpose of the visit . 
  if the purpose was to promote gender equality in iran then it would be different . 
  it depends on what the visiting diplomats wants to accomplish with the visit . 
  if the goal is to promote equality , then ofcourse not . 
  if the goal is to sign some trade deal or something , then the most effective strategy is probably to agree to their oppression . 
   they should not acknowledge gender discriminatory laws as legitimate . 
  i agree , but i do n't think that simply wearing the hijab when visiting as a foreign dignitary is the same thing as legitimizing it . 
  i completely agree that forcing someone to wear ( and conversely , forcing someone to remove ) a hijab goes against my values . 
  as such i do n't support the laws of iran . 
  but there are likely hundreds of laws in iran that i do n't agree with . 
  should i as a foreign dignitary expressy contempt about these when engaging in diplomatic negotiations ? 
  perhaps if i want to win some sympathy at home , but not if i want to accomplish whatever the delegation set out to accomplish . 
  the purpose of this visit is not to lecture the iranians about their misogynistic ways . 
  it 's not illegal * not * to be a cannibal in borneo . 
  if it was , then either do n't go there or become a cannibal , or suffer the legal consequences . 
  is this so hard ? 
  so all female diplomats and other government officials worldwide should stop coming to iran ? 
  yes . 
  sd is the biggest and seems to be the most reasonable however . 
  edit : the others are not considered mainstream . 
  some of the other major parties like kd might have adopted some sd policies lately but i 'm not too sure about that honestly, 
  of course . 
  i use sd as an example because their policies are most clearly anti-immigration . 
  but you are right of course . 
  replace `` sd '' with `` anti-immigration '' or `` nationalist '' or whatever else and i think my point still stands however . 
   which influences people to go as far as * hate * you for opposing immigration , among other things , as you yourself admit is the case with swedish society . 
  if people are driven to hate each other because of politics it 's not because of some society wide ideals , it 's because people are stupid . 
  and to be clear , i do n't think it is nearly as wide-spread as many seem to suggest . 
  i do n't think i 've met with anyone who actively hates sd supporters . 
  i 'm sure some do , just as some sd supporters probably are racist , but i do n't direct my criticism towards them when i 'm discussing sd policy , and i think it would be wise of you to do the same . 
  focus of what the political parties say . 
  not what the craziest supporters are saying . 
   sure . 
  swedish media and authorities using [ `` white pixelation '' ] ( http://fluechtling.net/rassistisch/pink-pixelation-sweden.png ) of photos of criminals or accused when they are non-white . 
   swedish police being instructed to [ withhold from public suspects ' skin color and ethnicity to avoid being labeled racist ] ( http://www.theblaze.com/stories/2016/01/17/swedish-police-instructed-to-withhold-from-public-suspects-skin-color-and-ethnicity-to-avoid-being-labeled-racist/ ) i agree that this is a disingenuous way of trying to control public opinion ( and it seems to have backfired spectacularly ) . 
   your `` church '' literary [ removing its own symbol - the cross ] ( http://www.christianpost.com/news/worlds-first-openly-lesbian-bishop-to-remove-crosses-build-islamic-prayer-room-in-swedish-seamens-church-147095/ ) , in order not to offend muslims and other non-christians , as well as creating `` prayer rooms '' within its churches for muslims . 
  no , one priest suggested doing so . 
  quoting from your article '' several other christian leaders in sweden have criticized the suggestion . '', 
  i 'm not christian ( like most swedes ) and so this debate is something i could n't care less about but a quick googling seems to show that the debate is alive and well , with some priests calling for christians to take selfies with their crosses . 
   i can go on . 
  [ this ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wukpeqnyzug ) is a * very * over the top , populist video but it raises some valid points about the essence of an extreme-consensus society like sweden or japan , and their social effect on people going against widely-accepted normatives . 
  ( in your case , cultural relativism and national nihilism ) yes , it is very over the top . 
  it also ( as always with these populist scaremongering things ) only seems to show one side of the debate . 
  look , when people are calling you a racist , it 's not because they hate dissenters who dare question our glorious leader , it 's because these views are relatively new and people do n't understand them . 
  yes , the left has done a terrible job at trying to do so , but that is not the same as some sort of political persecution . 
  about 20 % of sweden sympathizes with sd . 
  the rest of the country mostly dislike them . 
  so yes , if you tell people about your political views they , as always , might resent you for it . 
  they might even hate you . 
  and that is clearly wrong of them . 
  but it is also an extention of our freedom of speech . 
  you are free to say that immigration is bad , and i , in turn , am free to ( wrongly ) accuse you of racism . 
  edit : i have never seen anything about the castration thing you posted but as a feminist , for what it 's worth , i think it is bullshit . 
  i 'm not sure exactly what position you are arguing against here . 
  `` diversity is strength '' ? 
  i do n't think most people base their stance on immigration on some catch phrase . 
  i personally take it to mean something like `` diversity is a sign of strength . '', 
  meaning that only a rich country with enough recourses can handle increasing diversity in a good way . 
  but this is ultimately beside the point . 
  the reasons for me being an advocate of immigration are more related to equalizing opportunities between countries . 
  if sweden can get 5 % worse by taking in 5 % extra population and make their lives 100 % better , then i think that is a worthwhile tradeoff . 
  we can argue back and forth about those exakt numbers of course but i think that is the gist of it for most of the people i have discussed this with . 
  now i 'm curious . 
  would you mind giving me some examples of this regressivism ? 
   non-citizens go back to their country of origin . 
  even if they have kids who are not citizens of the original country ? 
   but the key here is that immigration needs to be something other than a one-way street from third world shitholes to europe and north america . 
  people need to be realistic and stop pretending like the world is a giant campfire and we can all sing kumbaya and everything will be fine . 
  i agree , but people must also stop pretending like the only alternative is religious persecution . 
  there is a middle-ground here . 
  i would say it lies in accepting as many refugees as can be integrated effectively . 
  where that number is or how we can raise it is what i 'm interested in . 
   self-deportation . 
  if they want to live under any facet of sharia , they are welcome to go a muslim country . 
  what if said country does n't want them ? 
   other statistics include rape and murder . 
  automatic deportation after time served . 
  again , what country would want to take our criminals ? 
  and who exactly would this apply to ? 
  only foreign-born muslims ? 
  all foreign-borns ? 
  all muslims ? 
  everyone ? 
  that is certainly true . 
  so what statistics beside this one do you find concerning enough to warrant the deportation of tens of millions ( if that is what you are advocating ) ? 
  so in order to prevent ~ 180 deaths per year , you want to deport all muslism in europe ? 
  that 's a lot of people . 
  where would they go ? 
  or do you force them all to renounce their faith ? 
  yes i understand what is being claimed . 
  i just do n't see where the proof for this is . 
  all i have seen are a bunch of loosely made claims to support it and some official letter from the saudi government denying it . 
  do you have any good sources for that ? 
  i have seen claims made about this both ways but rarely does anyone seem to provide conclusive evidence . 
  you english very goodly, 
  so if i , as a white swede moved to the us today and had a kid with a white french girl over there , would that kid be more american than the african-americans who 's families have been there for centuries ? 
  and irish-american , and german-american , and italian-american ... 
  so who are the true americans ? 
  is it exclusively pureblooded protestant british people whose ancestors immigrated before 1850 ?
