  because that does n't mesh with my experience at all . 
   i do n't want the entire world to be the same , sorry . 
  how much have you traveled until now ? 
  i have seen quite a bit of the world and it is pretty much the same everywhere already . 
  you can go to indonesia and find people that want and need the exact same things you want . 
  everything i 've seen so far indicates that personal differences far outstrip any effect culture may have . 
  the only things that heavily depend on location seems to be language , skin color and religious beliefs . 
  outside of distinct tourist spots that dramatically overemphasize cultural differences the world already is mostly the same . 
  as for the language . 
  yea , why not ? 
  it 'd be great for business if everyone used the same language all the time . 
  most of us already speak english , so why the heck not ? 
  i do n't really see the value of everyone speaking different languages . 
  as for hating white people ? 
  the fuck you on about ? 
  if you think ` not hating white people ' is a crucial part of your culture then frankly , you 're delusional . 
  you 're like one of those religious nuts claiming that without religion everyone would just murder and rape all day . 
  if anything nationalism just enables people to draw sweeping generalizations and a `` us vs them '' mentality that sows more hatred than it could ever hope to resolve . 
   nationalism is the only true way to preserve cultural diversity . 
  why is preserving cultural diversity such a good thing ? 
  it just creates friction between people . 
  probably true for the western front during ww2 , but the eastern front was absolutely brutal . 
  probably worse than the trenches in terms of conditions and definitely worse in terms of casualties . 
  reading about the conditions in stalingrad is pretty harrowing . 
  yea , [ that 's why we 're sending those back ] ( http://ec.europa.eu/eurostat/statistics-explained/index.php/file:first_instance_decisions_in_the_eu-28_by_outcome,_selected_citizenships,_4th_quarter_2015.png ) . 
  as we have always done . 
   not quite . 
  there is a difference between the govt . 
  and the people . 
  how many people in the usa wanted the govt . 
  to assist mujahidin just simply because they hate ussr ? 
  pakistan is a democratic republic just like most western countries . 
  if we can hold the people of pakistan responsible for their government actions then we should also consider ourselves responsible for wars/conflicts perpetrated by our governments . 
  you ca n't have your cake and eat it too . 
   i know communism is an economic theory first . 
  but its been put in practice in a ton of countries and on millions of people . 
  it has brought noting but murder and economic ruin . 
  no , it really has n't . 
  the definition of communism is that the means of production and fruits of that production are under the control of the workers , as opposed to some other entity that exploits the workers to produce value for himself . 
  according to this definition communism has practically never been tried . 
  all the countries you think of as communist do n't fit this definition . 
  in practically all of them it is the state that controls and profits of the means of production , not the workers themselves . 
  you could * maybe * make the argument that some of the recent reforms in cuba are edging a few centimeters closer to communism , but that 's about it . 
  other than that you only really see communism in isolated small communities , not nationwide scales . 
  communism is ridiculously hard to implement in a modern nation state since it requires the powerful to give up power without a new dominating force forming in the vacuum . 
  it shares many of the implementation problems of anarchism . 
   islam is a bigger problem in europe than the vvd or the cda would like to admit . 
  according to you . 
  that 's why you get to vote pvv or fvd if you do n't think the vvd or cda does enough . 
  but to claim that these other parties do n't pay attention to those issues is disingenuous . 
   i also find their attempts to fix the integration problems , very lacking and somehow pvv 's ` plans ' for integration would be better ? 
  their plans literally consisted of a single sheet of a4 paper containing only populist phrases like `` more money to us !, 
  that 's not an alternative integration strategy , that 's empty rhetoric . 
  it was blatantly obvious that the pvv never intended to actually rule , geert just wants to shout from the sidelines and bask in that sweet sweet media attention . 
   but he is the only one , who wants to talk openly about serious problems in the netherlands ( and europe ) without the fear of being called a racist . 
  look up the party programs for any other political party some time . 
  all of them have a stance and policy for the refugee situation , europe and lots more . 
  the whole `` wilders is the only one addressing these issues ! '', 
  rhetoric is bullshit . 
  wilders is simply the guy that shouts the loudest because he has nothing else to say . 
  why ? 
  seeing that 1 black guy in a crowd of 400 too much of a strain on your delicate eyes ? 
   but at least they increased nasa funding and are aiming for mars !, 
  why save this planet when we can conquer another one ?!, 
  capitalism ftw hate to crush your dreams . 
  but they gave nasa the tiniest of funding increases . 
  they went from 19.3 billion to 19.5 billion . 
  also , the `` lets go for mars '' is n't a new plan . 
  they 're just echoing what nasa was doing anyway . 
  meanwhile they have no plans for the actual interplanetary vehicle outside powerpoint presentations . 
   shit like that does n't happen anymore , nor is the place overrun with far right maniacs either . 
  yea , i love how the subreddit has returned to normalcy lately . 
  there where a few months during the early refugee crisis where the whole sub was basically stormfront . 
  love that we 've gone back to reasonable discussion and poking fun at each other . 
  to be fair , it was on an unrelated post , did n't add anything to the discussion and did n't provide any argumentation . 
  it 'd be like posting your favorite rollercoaster on a thread about nuclear weapon deals . 
  no , it 's showing that fact checkers can be biased . 
  if i really support the idea of nasa faking the moon landing i can be super critical of everything nasa publishes while going easy on the conspiracy nuts . 
  as a result of my fact checking the overall story will seem to favor the hoaxers pov . 
  it does n't change anything about whether or not we actually landed on the moon , it 's all about the interpretation of the raw facts . 
  if we had a completely unbiased system that fact checked everything equally we 'd get an accurate report of the facts . 
  but there 's no way to create such a system , so the next best thing is multiple independent fact checkers so their inherent biases get averaged out . 
  if you think fact checkers are biased towards liberalism , then you should start a conservative fact checker to balance that out . 
   you can expect everything said by a conservative politician to be flagged `` disputed '' , while liberal politicians can have their numbers off or can pick the most extreme numbers to make a point and they 'll still receive a `` mostly true '' rating . 
  what 's stopping you from starting a fact checker with a conservative bias if you 're so concerned about politifacts liberal leanings ? 
  nah , supernovae occur because iron fusion leeches thermal energy of the star 's core , causing it to rapidly collapse . 
  the layers above the core have their floor pulled out from under them and as they crash into one another they reach such ridiculous temperatures a large fraction of the remaining fuel fuses , providing the energy for the supernova . 
  the only reason a supernova can happen is because it has ridiculous fuel reserves that all go off at once . 
  in a fusion reactor there 's about 3 minutes of fusion fuel tops . 
  worst thing that could happen would be a tritium leak that catches fire . 
  that 'll generate some radioactive water which would take a few weeks to decay . 
  bad news if you 're trying to run an economically viable fusion plant , but not that big of a deal . 
  i mean , even if they ca n't actually lose their beliefs , they can still denounce it in public and keep it to themselves . 
  the end result would be functionally indistinguishable for the rest of society . 
  it 'd be nice if they could actually deprogram themselves . 
  but even if they ca n't , they still have an out here . 
  until we invent mind reading devices and start to criminalize thought crimes . 
   nazi : is justified in killing for the sake of their convictions . 
  leftie : is justified in killing for the sake of their convictions . 
  they are equivalent , are they not ?
