this sounds like something got lost in translation . 
  rockets have been using rp1 - lox since the dawn of liquid fueled rockets . 
  there is only so much energy per kg of kerolox mixture , and energy density is what determines the efficiency and thrust of a rocket . 
  kerolox rockets have been optimized to the point that they 're pretty damn close to that limit . 
  it does n't matter how you ignite it , it 's not going to get any better . 
  if you want better rockets you either need something with a higher energy density or you need to use some unconventional space launch system . 
  and you are n't going to get any better energy density than hydrogen-oxygen ( i believe hydrogen-lithium-fluoride has slightly higher energy density , but fuck that ) . 
  so the only way to get better energy densities is to go nuclear . 
  the only alternative is something like a momentum exchange tether . 
   ultimately long term the cancer of globalism will win and we will all be the same ugly , indistinct , bland crap of `` diversity '' with native populations being out bred and replaced , londonfication across all of europe . 
  people will still have passports but national identity will be meaningless because the youth wo n't care about their host country or identify with it . 
  you say this like its a bad thing . 
   why should i pay for housing people who despise us ? 
  why do we ignore people in need in our own countries ( homeless , elderly , mentally / physically disabled ) , but hurry to help people who , again , despise us ? 
  hey good point !, 
  why should i pay for your roads , your unemployment benefits and your healthcare ?!, 
  that money could be going to my family instead !, 
  we do n't even like each other !, 
  see how that argument might blow up in your face ? 
  the only thing we have in common is that we 're ( presumably ) both born in europe . 
  whoopdiedoo , why should we support each other again ? 
  this is how social institutions fall apart . 
  pretty sure those elderly and mentally disabled would need a lot more help than they currently get if that happens . 
  also , dragging in the weak and elderly is such a nonargument . 
  people always say `` why would we spend money on \\* thing i do n't like \\* when we have poor sick people who need it ?! '', 
  we did n't help those before the refugee crisis . 
  why do you think they 'd see any funds currently going to the refugees ? 
  it 's a cheap emotional ploy to win hearts and souls . 
  so i assume you typed this from the amazonian jungle typing on a hamsterwheel run computer that you yourself build ? 
  else you 're just being a hypocrit . 
  excellent example of a failed analogy . 
  nobody is forcing you to house refugees either . 
  we 're asking you not to blow up refugee centers , pay your taxes and not discriminate against them . 
  people in favor of refugees are doing those things just fine , they 're not being hypocritical . 
  that 's a whooooole other discussion and you know it . 
  ray kurzweil is crazy and deluded . 
  the argument we 're having is that even if he is , we ca n't toss out his ideas just because he is crazy and deluded . 
  what an amazing idea !, 
  if only we did that in the past !, 
  we could 've dismissed crackpot ideas like newtonian physics ( alchemist , crazy and a dick ) , rocketry ( perfected by nazi 's ) , pretty much all of modern medicine ( data by horrifyingly unethical people ) , every invention of tesla and the foundations of mathematics !, 
  ( pythagoras founded his own religion scientology style ) . 
  sorry m8 , but even if the evil child rapist robot jesus is horrifying and you hate him , if his ideas are founded on solid data you should n't ignore them . 
  to do so is just making an argument from authority . 
  feels over reals much ? 
  he could be an isis member that rapes young children in his spare time . 
  if he has valid data that means his point is correct . 
  or would you deny that the sky is blue just because someone you do n't like said it ? 
   ( which is basically just investing in your own economy through a detour ) well yea , the money goes back into the country . 
  but that does n't say much . 
  you 're still paying a whole load of guys to produce goods that are essentially useless in peacetime . 
  imagine that the us government payed millions of people to practice dance routines in the desert . 
  the money goes back into the economy , but you could be using that wasted labour to grow crops and produce cars instead . 
  the waves of refugees are large enough to overwhelm the gravitational field of the earth !, 
  billions of crushed refugee bodies form entire fleshy mountain ranges on our borders !, 
  our economy is draining by 41723628 % per second to sustain these vile criminals !, 
  every woman that steps outside is , on average , raped 25.3 times per 100 meters she walks !, 
  evil frau merkel sits atop a throne of weeping middle class germans while sipping a glass of pure virgin blood !, 
  seriously , the panicked hyperbole about the situation is just funny at this point . 
  your point ? 
  nothing in that statement invalidates what i said . 
  tradition does not mean it 's good . 
  the problem with that idea is that it presumes a very binary approach to the conflict . 
  the people of the country vs some external threat . 
  if syria as a country was in conflict with another country i 'd fully agree . 
  but that 's not what 's happening . 
  syria is getting torn apart in a civil war by many different factions , and all of them are bad options if you 're a common syrian . 
  who are they supposed to fight with ? 
  and with what resources ? 
  the situation is n't like brittain vs nazi germany . 
  it 's more like the german jews during wwii . 
  no good options except to flee . 
  hmm yea , lets do things purely for the good of the country !, 
  now , how about you start working 16 hour shifts for 1/5th the wage ? 
  wait , why are you complaining ?!, 
  it 's better for your country !, 
  humans do n't exist to further the cause of a country . 
  in our modern world countries exist to provide a nice and stable life for its inhabitants . 
  do n't attempt to hide your dislike of refugees behind empty platitudes like that . 
  you dislike refugees , that 's fine , nobody is forcing you to like them . 
  but you 're doing both yourself and your cause a disservice by using such weak arguments . 
  makes you look like a bunch of loonies with no grasp on reality instead of people pointing out a serious problem . 
  oh yes , lets do uncoordinated , unarmed human wave tactics against people with machine guns and artillery . 
  great plan !, 
  why did n't they put you in charge of the military ?!, 
  that was sarcasm in case you did n't notice . 
  slavery was also common for most cultures throughout history . 
  just because our forefathers did something does not mean they were right . 
   `` they are just like the rest of the west , praising the poles when it 's convenient , and calling us vermin and willing to murder at a drop of the hat . 
  i wo n't forget these attacks , nor will i forgive . '', 
  - you . 
  yea , this sure sounds like someone who 's just defending himself as opposed to a guy judging an entire country for the actions of a few . 
  eye for an eye yadayada whole world blind . 
  if you think the answer for racism and xenophobia is ** even more ** racism and xenophobia you should study some more history . 
  that 's how many of the most horrific conflicts started . 
  way to avoid answering the question . 
  why do you think cultural diversity is a good thing in the first place ? 
  what parts of the glorious dutch culture did you really benefit from lately that you would n't have had in a german culture , a morrocan culture , or a japanese culture . 
  what kind of age groups did you hang out with while traveling ? 
  i mostly hung out with young adults ( 25-35ish ) . 
  maybe you hung out around an older crowd ?
