long time no sea, 
  i think we only sent soldiers and tornado ecrs ( not 100 % sure on that , but i think that 's the recon variant ) as part of kfor and even though they were sent there because of serbian warcrimes , there still was a lot of debate about the first `` combat '' deployment of the german military . 
  iirc we have troops in afghanistan because they `` attacked '' the us , which made it possible to invoke the mutual defense clause in nato . 
  german here , did not laugh , that may be because i already used up my allotted laughs/week though . 
  i 'm not desperate enough for that ( yet ), 
  still waiting for all those spanish and portuguese women :(, 
  well , one of them is a puppet , 
  i 'm not necessarily against war , but if fat old men want to defend our freedom somewhere in the world , they can go first , or maybe send their kids as well . 
  nice try , mr. gchq, 
  if you like larger penises than british ones , maybe ? 
  til the roman empire was n't that big, 
   i. britain beat germany and saved france in wwi and wwii . 
  britain thinks it therefore should be the top dog in europe and should be a net recipient of funds . 
  it abhors the fact that germany is now top dog and france with it . 
  laughingrussians.jpg  ii . 
  britain thinks they are basically a better nation , having had the biggest empire in western history , and think they should be top dog . 
  laughingromans.jpg i do n't believe ( or rather i do n't want to ) those are the reasons the brits may have for leaving the eu . 
  i get that there may be some sentimental issues with the glory of an empire past , but i ca n't imagine those being the actual reasons brought forward in the eventual request/statement for leaving the eu . 
  i can only recommend wargame : red dragon , it has a scandinavian roster ( currently weak but they will probably be buffed ), 
  amazing amounts of butthurt in this thread, 
  no he is not . 
  hungarians seem to accept the fact that there are homosexual people out there somewhere but are disgusted when they see men holding hands on the streets and get offended . 
   ba\u011f\u0131ms\u0131zlar - independents ,6.58 is there a 5 % threshold ( like in germany ) or 10 % ? 
  is so , why are they elected ? 
  the other parties are below the 5 % threshold in germany as well and would n't have won seats in the parliament . 
  just a quick question : how well know is [ corvus belli ] ( http://infinitythegame.com/store/es/ ) in spain ? 
  they are one of the few growing companies from spain and there have been some newspaper articles about them . 
  i guess tabletop games are still a `` nerd niche '' but maybe their economic success made them more famous in spain, 
   that 's how it works in germany . 
  they want you out of the system as fast as possible , so they try to find you a job . 
  and people say we do n't have humour . 
   ve vill have ordnung in mein ~ ~ thread ~ ~ europa !, 
  ftfy, 
   you should be grateful that france saved your ass from england in 1776 you pretentious dickhole . 
  what they will do , is ask to get access to the data since their own spy networks sucks ( at least the bnd does , apparently ) . 
  you mean there are not any people working on the farms in italy ? 
  the spiegel had a piece in their last issue i think where they mentioned immigrants as cheap farm hands , among other issues . 
  uhm , those immigrants keep your farms running with their low ( < 3 $ / hour ) labour costs , i do n't know why you are complaining . 
  we killed all the funny people, 
  swift had to do with financial transactions, 
  mutti too, 
  estonia big !, 
  1 euro is now worth 300 huf and that is with the eurozone in crisis . 
  but it 's great that people can afford more hungarian stuff !, 
  also , as long as the job market is shit , not much will improve . 
  and it will most likely only get worse with all the new students having to work in hungary . 
  russians are master trolls, 
  you should check out hamburg then , we usually have london weather, 
  lol , `` we ca n't give back those items we ~ ~ stole ~ ~ acquired 200 years ago , because then our museums would be empty '' is what you are saying ? 
  i 've seen him in hamburg last week and he did decently , especially compared to his sch\u00f6rder years and his recent image in the media ( but i have also always been a spd voter forever ) . 
  wahlkampf starts in may , so hopefully he gets his act together and we can finally let mutti enjoy her holidays in italy, 
  oslo woman detected ? 
   i think people across europe are getting really fucking tired of germany becoming the dictator of the eu holy fuck , people across europe were crying when germany did n't want to take on a leadership role , now they are crying that we are overdoing it . 
  why am i not surprised . 
  a little surprise anschluss never hurt anyone, 
  it 's probably because you do n't have a real hungarian heart , like literature nobel laureate the rest of the world keeps admiring . 
  but herpaderp , trianon , the gypsies and jews , hungary really needs a strong leader now more than ever !, 
  / r/polandball, 
   in my eyes , sweden has the same homicide rates as eastern europe . 
  you can blame it all you want on immigrants and gypsies , but eastern europe has gypsies and immigrants too , so what ? 
  would n't that confirm the view of the anti-gypsy/immigrant people ? 
  no highland cathedral ? 
  i am disappoint, 
  not a lot of german speakers in bavaria and saxony . 
  is this coming from an englishman ? 
  how are your teeth today , good sir ? 
  jollying all about ? 
  tracksuits for evening attire ( though luckily it seems to die out in central/eastern europe ), 
  you mean why does monaco have polandball 's colours ? 
  what , then you have to take classes again ? 
  sometimes they are mentioned in the news , but there 's a beautiful german word - ewiggestrige , which means eternal yesterdaily , sort of , to describe the bund der vertriebenen people and nazis as well . 
  about time people resisted a little . 
  also www.zeit.de www.faz.net ( it 's actually quite ok for a conservative newspaper ) www.bild.de for page 3 girls, 
  unfortunately it 's like that in every other country too . 
  why did that take so long, 
  purchasing power density per km \u00b2, 
  homeland would be heimatland . 
  slovaks , romanians and hungarians working together , the eu is working !, 
  the eurofighter is awesome and sexy as hell, 
  is croatian worker a belgian expression for spider ? 
  lol, 
   so ** f ** ie why . 
  stefanie and maikel are bad enough already . 
  righteous separatists want to unite with the fatherland with all those tanks and weapons bought in supermarkets !, 
  nova germania stronk !, 
   haista vittu t : kikki hiiri can you translate that sentence ? 
  what ? 
  i even left out the festungsstadt !, 
   estonia  nordic, 
  inb4 armenians and kurds, 
   magenta carta where t-mobile abolished net neutrality, 
  9/11 never forget, 
  `` won '' by not losing too much land against fucking austria-hungary, 
  [ next time without italy !, 
  no problem , the hungarian press is so screwed up anyway , 
  wut , n\u00e9pszabads\u00e1g was owned by a swiss company and is now owned by a mszp-associated company as far as i know . 
  and people tell us to import more, 
  lol , owned, 
  but in this case , it 's borging . 
  ( i 'll show myself out ),
