majority of estonian youth dont graduate one of your `` elite '' schools . 
  4 languages . 
  i have heard enough how english is being spoken by our teenagers on average , not going to comment on russian . 
  as for the 4th language , thats pure science-fiction . 
  you think some employer in uk is going to give a high paying job straight out of the gate because you can speak 4 languages ? 
  climbing the corporate ladder takes time ( especially so outside estonia ) . 
  so , yes , youth would benefit from progressive tax because they dont earn much ( right now ) . 
  i dont know what fantasy you have made up about those who leave estonia but your elite schools buddies make up a small slice of the whole society . 
  what final punch ? 
  young people in general dont earn shit , be it in estonia or in the west . 
  vast majority of them would actually benefit from progressive tax . 
  most of the under 22 folk who have left estonia do it because they want education that they cant get here or for the adventure . 
  also its funny seeing them work the fields has farm hands or selling clothes and doing other low paying jobs they would laugh at here in estonia . 
  and what will be the country you and other `` young elite '' will emigrate to ? 
  i bet it will be one of the western countries . 
  take a guess what kind of taxation they have there . 
  flat tax is mostly eastern european and russian thing . 
  this is wrong . 
  we share a common history with latvians for the last 800 years . 
  everything we went through they did also in that time period . 
  southern estonia and northern latvia formed the livonian province between 1630-1918 . 
  our connections to the south were much stronger compared to those with finland not to mention the rest of scandinavia . 
  these are not modern designs . 
  they were actually considered in 1918-19 . 
  you do know that quite a few ethnic estonians are orthodox as well ? 
  the way things are going maybe in the future there will be more ethnic estonians who are orthodox than lutherans ? 
  besides check other finno-ugrics like udmurt or komi , afaik they have non-indo-european words for forest . 
  afaik , in nordic sagas its said that pagan estonians were good at wind magic . 
  lol , lots of butthurt estonians here . 
  estonia is very clearly eastern europe , it sint obvious only if you live in some sort yuppie bubble in tallinn . 
  that has to be the stupidest thing i have read all day . 
  as joel said before , this comes close to isis territory . 
  that church is for bad or worse , part of our history . 
  and our history is pretty much all shitty . 
  lets tore down crusader castles ( like the one in kuressaare ) as well while we are at it . 
  the inhabitants of these castles did way more harm to our ancestors than that church . 
  i have no problem with being called eastern european so speak for yourself . 
  tortilla avataan, 
  careful , you might cut yourself with that edge !, 
  there was a poll a few years back and about 70 % believed that some people have healing powers or can see the future . 
  most countries have idol or searching for superstar shows , we have psychic showdown ... also , as many here in this thread , i personally know very few people like that . 
  i would have guessed that at least 40 % are atheist . 
  i was there as a little kid . 
  most of the footage shows the bigger towns where the human chain was 2 or more lines deep but we were in the countryside . 
  for the stretches outside of towns it was organized through bigger workplaces which were given certain number of buses to transport people . 
  some had transistor radios and when the call came people grabbed eachothers hands . 
  still remember how the chain gently pulled from the left and then right . 
  im glad my parents took me with them not only to baltic way but also to the events during the summer a year before . 
  im somewhere in the middle of this crowd https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nxz-smwwnly, 
  stop being so butthurt about eastern europe . 
  this goes actually for all in the former soviet sphere . 
  cant wash away history that easily - 45 years of soviet rule has left a huge mark whether we like it or not . 
  some take it being called eastern europe as an insult , i think it is actually embarrassing that we try to weasel into the nordics . 
  repelling the void - the chronicle http://imgur.com/a/s3iko, 
  we do have * kotletid * as well , not sure whats the difference is . 
  maybe the shape , lihapall/frikadell are more round and kotlet is flattened a bit ( like a patty then ? ) . 
  maybe theres a slight difference in recipe as well , i only have made kotlet myself , so not sure . 
  you are correct . 
  i think the cold record here is like -38 . 
  -20 happened almost every winter but the last 4-5 winters have been really mild . 
  most of the time its close to freezing point which means that snow has little chance to accumulate and therefore no skiing - a personal tragedy :(, 
  oh look whos triggered again . 
  of course it affected culture . 
  look how many russian words were loaned during that are still in use today . 
  have you eaten \u0161a\u0161l\u00f5kk on midsummers eve ? 
  it would have been some obscure caucasian food but now its practically national food . 
  soviet time influenced a lot - music , literature , theatre . 
  latvia has 3 hydro powerplants on river daugava . 
  river narva which forms the estonian-russian border has one dam but the powerstation itself is completely on russian side so we have 0 share . 
  if after the dissolution of the ussr pre-ww2 borders had been re-instated the powerstation would have been ours . 
  actually it is somewhat related . 
  in nordic countries there would be constant activism to put an end to this . 
  when did you last see people picketing over this ? 
  oh , thats right , never . 
   yes , thank you for enforcing my point by pointing out just how superior t-34 was , and how important it was for ussr to have those produced in sufficient numbers . 
  it entered mass production in 1940 with only 115 produced , in 1941 another 3016 were produced . 
  thank you for enforcing my point by pointing out just how much superiority in tanks red army had through all the war in numbers and quality . 
  3000 t-34 and germans had 0 tanks in the same class until 1942 when newer pziv and tigers came online . 
   it is still millions of soviet citizens ... and some of those millions were citizens against their will and as such were dragged into the war . 
   and definitely were not afraid of attacking ussr that just isnt true . 
  quite a few people in the german army were filled with dread after learning about the attack on ussr . 
  and that is after the continous victories . 
  in 1938-39 there were a lot more doubts about starting the war . 
  there was even a plot against hitler in german general staff but these men lacked cojones to act and the striking successes quelled the naysayers until things turned sour . 
  attack on ussr would have been practically impossible in 1939 also because of logistics . 
  poland had different railway gauge , very few usable airfields in the east for luftwaffe and most importantly winter was coming . 
   how much time did it take germany to rearm to be able to take on france and britain ? 
  half a year , thanks to a moustachioed friend in the east who was kind enough to send strategic materials that were otherwise unattainable thanks to allied blockade . 
   yes , as history clearly shows us they could , and very successfully so . 
  at what time could the germans successfully conduct offensive operations while fighting on two fronts ? 
  best i can come up with is 1942 but operation blau was of limited size ( only on the southern part of eastern front , they sat on the defense on other parts ) and the other front was war in africa where germans had 3-4 divisions . 
  also situation in 1939 was very different . 
  wehrmacht was considerably smaller and the other front considerably larger ( the whole of french army + bef ) . 
   it 's not like soviets had 10000 t-34s ahh , the classic t-34 obfuscation , straight from soviet history books . 
  calling pz-iii and early pz-iv `` new shiny toys '' is quite the joke as both of these were inferior to t-34 . 
  but back to 1939 the main body of soviet tank force was made up of bt-7 and t-26 tanks . 
  these were clearly superior to panzer i. germans had 1,100 pz-i in october 1939 . 
  red army had 10k + bt-7s and t-26s . 
   it just shows you how little he expected from red army . 
  while germans never had a high opinion of the red army their complete disregard of it really began after the winter war .
