  what 's the big deal ? 
  we already had few military exercises , also just last week our army participated in international army games in russia . 
  you are a sick liar . 
  you demand justice for your victims but not acknowledge any serbs that were killed from bosniaks . 
  [ here ] ( http://www.serb-victims.org/content/view/285/144/ ) you can find list of 3287 killed serbs by forces of naser oric , by name . 
  you did n't answer most of my questions , future discussion is redundant . 
  it 's obvious you have hatred towards serbs . . 
  i 'll just answer this . 
   the myth of bulgarians as `` tatars '' it is not a myth , but a fact . 
  bulgars were a turkic tribe . 
  trying to deny it is idiotic . 
  happy new year kristian . 
  ok , i see this discussion is pointless , but since i have nothing to do today ...  you call bulgarians backstabbers because of ww1 and ww2 not really . 
  mainly because of second balkan war and [ wwi ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/sr/thumb/a/a7/zurnal.jpg/390px-zurnal.jpg ) . 
  wwii did n't change our view of bulgarians . 
   when we tried to take back our region you occupied in 1912 why is that your region ? 
  it was turkish region if we want to be precise . 
  before the turks it was part of the serbian state , skoplje was even our capital . 
  we had the same right as you did to take macedonia . 
   bulgarians and serbs were friends and allies against the turks for 500 years , and bulgarians fought by the thousands in your uprisings i 'm not sure about thousands , but if you say so , ok .  although you did n't join ours if you are talking about [ this ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/april_uprising ) do i have to remind that serbia in war with turkey at same time ? 
  how do you expect help ? 
  it 's absolutely ridiculous ...  however then this friendship was broken precisely by you , when in 1885 bulgaria united and barely 7 years old country was invaded by the serbs ok , this is true . 
  at the time , serbia was ruled by king milan , nest to aleksandar obrenovic , probably the most unpopular ruler in our modern history . 
  milan was a puppet of austria and he started that war because of them . 
  nobody in serbia wanted that war trust me . 
  you can read any serbian sources concerning this war and you 'll see that whole nation was against it . 
  bulgaria was not an enemy country then and there was no need attack them . 
  just stupid . 
   it 's just your anti-bulgarian propaganda and `` victim '' complex this is just silly . 
  what anti-bulgarian propaganda ? 
  i really do n't know what are you talking about , give me an example . 
  victim complex does exist , and is somewhat justified . 
  but that 's another topic . 
   before bulgaria was re-established at the berlin conference of 1878 imperial russia acted against us we clearly did n't learn the same history because if i recall it was russia who agitated the most for [ treaty of san stefano ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/treaty_of_san_stefano ) from which bulgaria had by far the biggest territorial expansions . 
  russians being against bulgaria in 1878 ... really interesting point of view . 
   and even supported the serbs in their invasion this is also new for me . 
  how did they help us ? 
   so how exactly was bulgaria even remotely close to russia , let alone their puppet , if only 7 years after the liberation bulgaria already broke relations with it and aligned with germany ? 
  what ? 
  i wrote `` afterwards yes , you became german puppet , then russian again , then german again '' . 
  nothing about time period when you turned your back to russia and turned towards geramny , that 's just you spinning my words . 
   i find it particurarly funny how russophilic people always call a country 's alliance with russia `` alliance '' , but alliance with any other state `` being a puppet '' where did i write alliance ? 
  it was you actually who wrote bitch , servile etc. 
  not me . 
  i do understand there could not be an alliance between two such different countries ( in terms of size ) . 
  you obviously do n't . 
   serbia is russia 's `` ally '' , but bulgaria must be germany 's or us 's `` puppet '' , right ? 
  just stupid . 
  i 'll reply the rest probably later ... 
  i 'm not saying you were servile towards russia , just you are servile in general . 
   in 1912 it allied with the serbian backstabbers we also call bulgarians backstabbers heh . 
   the serbs on the other hand are kremlin 's eternal bitch . 
  i do n't think we were always kremlin 's bitch . 
  you obviously do n't know your history or you are just being stupid , never mind . 
  for the great part of 19th century you were the russian puppet , not serbia . 
  especially obrenovic dynasty pushed serbia towards austria not russia . 
  afterwards yes , you became german puppet , then russian again , then german again , but ok  tell me the period when serbia was russian bitch as you say . 
  after wwii ? 
  no , that was you . 
  or at the moment ? 
  hardly , because serbia is joining eu . 
  i do n't get this constant talking shit about serbia and talking about its servile relation towards russia . 
  in balkans serbia is the last you can say is someone 's bitch . 
  it 's funny when it comes from a bulgarian, 
  so what ? 
  third of population in bosnia are ethnic serbs . 
  why do you think so ? 
  well that 's why he did n't get caught for 20 years . 
  nobody else suspected . 
  for what ? 
  edit : au jbt , ja nisam link okacio ... evo ti https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mldv3dpiody, 
  no they were not . 
  this silly map does n't prove anything . 
  censuses were conducted more or less regularly since 15th century so you can only lie yourself . . 
  yes , you 're correct . 
  but you 're missing that the general opinion of people in serbia does not equal opinion of our puppet government and primarily our prime minister who 'll do almost everything for eu membership . 
  including recognizing kosovo , maybe even nato membership in few years when it 's time . 
  not imposing sanctions on russia is not only because we 're friends and allies , but also we have interest in rf , and it would definitely hurt our economy . 
  in few years time when we become less dependent on russia , primarily gas , and as pressures from brussels and berlin increase , we 'll see if our government really sees a friend in rf . 
   because it is not their business lol , solid reason . 
  no , seriously now , they officially have stated many times that they have absolutely nothing against serbia joining eu . 
  they sure are n't too excited about it , but i guess they respect our fragile position at the moment . 
  potential nato membership on the other side is quite a controversial question and i think the consequences in our relations would be serious . 
  but , anyway nobody supports nato here , maybe like 10,12 % of people . 
  why ? 
  russia does not oppose serbia joining eu . 
  we know and we are very much grateful for that . 
  unfortunately only two more eu countries voted no which is really sad considering this is not only matter of serbian but also christian heritage . 
   i guess i was wrong no shit . 
  so now you are going to question motives of how countries voted ? 
  wtf . 
   your argument about `` size '' determining the vote is absolutely wrong . 
  then what where you trying to say in the first place by listing no and yes countries ? 
  what were you trying to prove . 
  my counter-argument refers to the size of countries , and the fact is that the 10 , 11 countries i counted contain more than a half of the world 's population . 
   that 's the west i 'm talking about . 
  so all those pacific and caribbean non-countries who were once colonized are the west . 
  if you have queen elizabeth on your money that 's it . 
  ok , good to know . 
  belize is a country with one of the highest murder and rape rate in the world .
