  if it ever happens that you can not find such fountains , you can always just fill a bottle with tap water ( which is the same water that comes out of those fountains in parks ) . 
  drinking water in slovenia and most of europe is of better quality than in the us ( [ source ] ( http://www.un.org/waterforlifedecade/pdf/global_drinking_water_quality_index.pdf ) ) , and drinking water poured from taps is just part of the background of everyday life in this country that no one ever notices or thinks about . 
  we had two `` classic '' fountains in my primary school , and a bunch of dispensers in high school . 
  and you can always fill up your own bottle with tap water which is pretty good . 
  i think nobody drinks from taps in public places . 
  i was there in late spring and only a small group of american kids was there, 
  we have those in slovenia, 
  a car with belgian plates bumped into my car in an empty parking lot once . 
  so\u010da river 2 . 
  bohinj , bled ( tie , but in that order ) 3 . 
  vipava valley 5 . 
  slovenian coast 6 . 
  iceland 5 . 
  se of france 6 . 
  interlaken area in switzerland 7 . 
  saxony in germany 8 . 
  sicily 9 . 
  croatian coast 10 . 
  pfft how dare you !, 
  iceland is my # 6 and # 7 is the southeast corner of france ( pretty much from the swiss border to cannes ), 
  yes , no mistakes there . 
  yes , except ... 
  most of the slavic languages baltic & norwegian & swedish languages, 
  and over 10 years later you still have problems : , ), 
  why ca n't croatians be funny ? 
  because then they would be called slovenians !, 
  ha ha . 
  i still remember my first shit while standing up in france . 
  there are still a couple of abandoned posts , but all others have been destroyed and the only signs that there was once a border there are shops next to the road , flags and subtle changes in road sign design . 
  there are also tiny signs with eu flag and the name of the country you are entering written inside the circle of stars . 
  before that , we had to wait before we were let into another country , had to show passports/ids , etc. 
  still the same on the border with croatia ( not in schengen ), 
  you from poland ? 
  come in 7:00 -9:00 30 minute paid lunch break from 11:30 -14:30 but you can have a break for longer than 30 mins leave between 15:00 and 18:00, 
  but when we write , everything is supposed to be correct , no matter the dialect . 
  that 's the tricky part if you are from a mountain village with your own funny grammar rules . 
  alamut by vladimir bartol the book was one of the inspirations for the assassin 's creed game series too . 
  what ? 
  brb !, 
  yes , yeees , let us collect taxes from the money you spend , mwhahaha, 
  why , thank you !, 
  surprised to see it here as the first choice !, 
  ^ ( we can not into humor ) edit : in my first comment , i meant that there seems to be an expression '' ***** german '' for every nation , because you mentioned swamp germans, 
  yes, 
  correct, 
  why are you so butthurt ? 
  accept consenquences for your actions . 
  replying to all of my comments and trying to make me angry is not going to help . 
  been stalking me recently ? 
  oh , so everyone in europe is practically some kind of a german ? 
  people have been calling us littoral germans , and some even mountain germans . 
  oh my god , we 're brothers in this shit, 
  i wanted to buy a can of peas but they were croatian so i bought slovenian beans , mwhahahha, 
  two lost norwegians came to me and i showed them most of the capital city 's center and i 'm pretty sure they loved it . 
   no backbone , or unique national or personal style whoa there cowboy, 
  are you italian ? 
  no no no no , it 's them who speak weird . 
  not bad for a french person . 
  i spent a week at some friend 's place there and his family did n't know anything . 
  they were surprised that we have snow , mountains , etc, 
  living room separate from kitchen/bathroom ( not connected to any other room ), 
  uuuhhhh ... 
  what ? 
  why ? 
  oh ... that 's why some people were staring at me ... that one time ... 
  do we ? 
  accurate : we are mean inaccurate : we are mean, 
    n my wal do you find it hard to quote paragraphs on reddit , mr itscalledunicode ? 
  i have a passport ( travel outside eu and i also use it for flying ) , national id card ( always with me ) , driver 's license ( also in my wallet but i never use it for purchases etc ) . 
  no voter id cards here . 
  i can use my id card to travel within eu/eea, 
  if nato were to break down which seems improbable , * western europe * could go without a war for a very long time . 
  i know two religious young people . 
  house 2000 oldest building today 1750 ( a pretty modern hotel ), 
  is k, 
  ~ 1 more year i think, 
  never !, 
  i always thought that we accept and * not hate * them , but the outcome of the referendum actually shocked me . 
  the anti-lgbt community played the ` adopted children ' card ( ca n't grow up to be normal or something like that ) and won the majority vote . 
  another problem was that pro-lgbt people thought that the referendum would not get through ( a minimum of ... people had to vote ) and did not even vote . 
  tldr - it was yes a few months ago but then some pricks submitted a petition to have a referendum on this topic and now it 's no . 
  or there is just no need, 
  interestingly enough , it 's not even a hot topic , but probably once a year there 's a report of someone shooting their spouse with a legally obtained gun . 
  as a response to your question i 'd say ` no ' . 
  i guess sunlight at 11 pm, 
  do n't forget how much it can help you if you ever want to sleep on the marble beaches of santraginus v, 
  well , you ca n't do a lot with `` muhammad '', 
  we have lots of forests , on par with finland . 
  national tv sometimes shows some ceremonies from some big churches on their least watched channel at weird hours , but other than that everyone keeps it to themselves . 
  i 've found out that one of my best friends was religious after two years . 
  i especially dislike the `` give up '' part, 
  god fucking dammit, 
  suddenly , a thread full of inappropriate jokes . 
  slovene , serb and a croat ( or a bosnian ), 
  movies & tv more or less american ( although they 're trying to have more of other foreign media on tv in addition to ours ), 
  we start in year 6 with prehistoric stuff , ancient greece and middle ages year 7 is all about the discovery of america and other explorers of that time for 1/2 of the year and then it 's just things in europe after that and what happened where slovenia is today year 8 is the french revolution + - 100 years ( more or less ) and again events in slovenia year 9 is 20th century and other events up to 2011 and then starts the high school where it 's exactly the same for 4 years except way more in detail . 
  fairies , giants and weird children with super strength in southeast , goats with golden horns in the alps , a king that 's gon na save us all when his beard grows long enough in his sleep in the north , another guy with super strength in central slovenia , dragons in our capital city ... [ all of them ] ( https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/category:slovene_mythology ), 
  sure . 
  really good : http://www.cantina.si/en/ order online and stuff : http://www.imperio.si/dostava-kosil-na-dom weird website , categories on the left : http://www.mexico1867.com/home.html in a shopping mall : http://www.mehiskarestavracija.si/index.php#jedilnik this website supposedly lists all mexican restaurants in slovenia : http://www.mexx.si/restavracija/ even two pizza places near me deliver mexican food to some extent ( burritos and such ) . 
  most of them are locally owned or a part of a bigger company with restaurants .
