my ears hurt, 
  they have just started removing it . 
  our government was pissed off and they have convinced the hungarians to remove it somehow . 
  3 minute walk , 15 minutes train , 10 minute walk . 
  sometimes i take a bus home ( 40 minutes in rush hour ) . 
  1 point below czech rep. 
  many others have their pps lower . 
  your point being ... ? 
  i just saw a convoy of 50 + slovenian police vehicles heading towards the border with croatia on the highway , i just realized that it 's probably way worse than i thought it was ... 
  key word : market prices only ppp gdp is used in statistics . 
  ( purchasing power parity ), 
  fried are fine too . 
  yum . 
  just raise the ice cream prices even more . 
  i like my potatoes mashed . 
  yes , it 's a shithole , move along , nothing to see here . 
  good bye . 
  gdp : $ 30,000 per capita ( 38th ) hdi ( human development index ) : 0.874 ( 25th , very high ) gini ( income inequality index ) : 23.8 ( low ) all these numbers are far above ( only czech republic has their gdp $ 300 higher ) any other eastern-european country . 
  explain your comment please . 
  i 'm not sure about the closing of the borders , our government seems too incapable and dumb to do succh a thing ... we 'll see soon . 
  leave piran out of this !, 
  shh , just do n't send your immigrants our way, 
  shit . 
  is k, 
  i was stuck for 2 hours in traffic on a highway yesterday at 11 pm, 
  brb getting some pans, 
  yay , a 0, 
  moj hoverkraft ( or ` vozilo na zra\u010dno blazino ' if you wan na be annoying ) je poln jegulj [ moy hovercraft ie po-wn yegul-uh ], 
  should 've added the falklands for extra edgy, 
  central europe has lidls everywhere . 
  should n't we be saying something like this ? 
  some croat fishermen had once dumped little buoys with croatian flags to slovenian sea . 
  i guess we still need some patrols , right ? 
  thank god , i 've had it with their kangaroos and tumbleweed crossing the border !, 
  wow . 
  well , o-our shit is better !, 
  they never took anything , trieste is still ours !, 
  i 've heard spain 's lost quite a lot of its territory some time ago, 
  * distant echo * we 're not in the balkaaaaaans ... 
  no reason for confusion, 
  so i 'm a vend , huh . 
  i 've once met a slovak trying to climb a mountain about 2500m high in flip flops with two kids about 5 years old . 
  edit - in slovenia . 
  do n't forget [ this guy ] ( https://redd.it/45vxgw ) !, 
  so that 's why they sell them almost everywhere in istria, 
  i 'd like to meet those raisins , do you have a phone number ? 
  said a guy with weird letters in his flair, 
  shit dude, 
  trolling increased to 60, 
  you poor soul . 
  at least i get some tv with me 25mbps internet ... for 50 $, 
  finally a slovene . 
  it 's like we do n't exist . 
  you must be fun at parties, 
  lovely . 
  hvala !, 
  in case the enemy comes from behind . 
  kako je drugi v originalu ? 
  where would you go if you knew that in one hour a nuclear bomb would be dropped on us ? 
  to croatia , because they 're 20 years behind . 
  icelandic university is pretty weird too ... totalitarian ? 
  there we go . 
  a more accurate version . 
  http://imgur.com/d6h9top also , if anyone wonders , i had to draw that part of our `` a1 '' highway because there is a ton of tunnels and weird curves there and accidents occur a zillion times every single friggin day, 
  you forgot trieste and a half of istria , both of which of course belong to us . 
  and let 's not forget carinthia !, 
  slovenia too . 
  and thingvellir !, 
  yo man chill, 
  that 's krka river , running through the southeast . 
  just a small bit ( none according to some ) is in the balkans image from wiki : https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/3/31/balkan_peninsula.svg/2000px-balkan_peninsula.svg.png, 
  well , some dicks are against the law . 
  we are not in the balkans !, 
  grrrrr ... 
  we 're having a referendum on gay marriage rights in a month ( after we passed the law earlier this year and some guys got offended ) . 
  which sounds like a pretty stupid thing . 
  why would we vote on rights of a minority ?!, 
  anyways , the mayor of ljubljana supports their rights , so the castle was lit up today . 
  1 . piranski zaliv is ours 2 . the croatians eavesdropped and spied while our officials merely talked about the agreement to each other 2 . the fence in on our side and the people who placed the fence have deliberately avoided all points of conflict on the border, 
  i thought we were building one . 
  still , it 's much further away . 
  5 million were european . 
  how many of them actually flew there ? 
  how many of them were from europe ? 
  it seemed very popular when i went there, 
  holy shit , i paid 400 to go from munich to reykjavik . 
  no one would fly you to bangkok for 150 $, 
  those '' \u00f0 `` s look so cool, 
  losing = / = not getting, 
  fuck , now i 'll have to cross the border legally . 
  leaving women behind ? 
  it 's always been clear that our tiny army ca n't do enough . 
  we have a huge , mountainous border with croatia . 
  impossible to control . 
  uh k, 
  iranian flag is even more complex, 
  i 've read about how the crest emits bad energy or something . 
  we took the russian flag and put on a crest which supposedly causes cancer and autism . 
  flag http://www.onlinestores.com/flagdetective/images/download/slovenia-hi.jpg conspiracy : have n't found a source yet edit : gee , i was joking about the russian flag . 
  you ca n't deny the colors are in the same order !,
