  all use of military force has to be ( and has been ) approved by congress , even without an explicit declaration of war . 
  of course , it 's a lot easier to get congress to do something like that than the bundestag . 
  but it 's not like the president can do whatever he wants whenever he wants to . 
   you can blame greece all you want for accepting that credit but you should also blame these financial institutions for pushing greece to accept it . 
  these are n't consumer banks trying to entice consumers to take out loans . 
  these are banks which bought greek bonds , sold to them by the greek government . 
  they did n't * push * greece to accept anything . 
  they bought the bonds that greece offered . 
  it is usually considered an improvement over the tyranny of the minority that preceded it . 
  those numbers are too high for gini numbers ( although the proportions may be right ) . 
  the us usually has a number around .40 ; europe around .30 . 
   most prestigious universities would have to be the us , most of their universities that the common people will got to are completely average , while this conforms to a certain stereotype about the us , it 's not remotely true . 
  look at the list you posted - university of texas , university of michigan , university of illinois , university of wisconsin , ucla , university of north carolina , penn state . 
  these are all public state universities . 
  they are not at the very top of the list , but they 're all in the top 50 and extremely competitive by any international standard . 
  it looks like someone has been resting on their laurels a little too long : http://hdr.undp.org/en/content/table-1-human-development-index-and-its-components, 
  this seems like a good idea , although i think the guardian 's use of `` to patrol rome 's streets '' is a little misleading . 
  no , rockwell was * not * a socialist realist . 
  socialist realists always have as their theme a glorification of some communist values - usually led by the heroic proletariat . 
  that 's what makes it `` socialist '' , and not just realism . 
  the most common themes of rockwell 's paintings are kids - kids playing marbles , kids eating ice cream , kids fishing , kids chasing frogs , high schoolers before a date , girls trying on clothes , etc. 
  the figures in socialist realist works are usually larger than life . 
  they are explicitly heroic . 
  rockwell 's figures are not quite grotesque , but they are aggressively imperfect . 
  here are some examples : [ socialist realism 1 ] ( https://s-media-cache-ak0.pinimg.com/736x/f2/a9/73/f2a973f3e8702e1f411104f5126931bd.jpg ) [ socialist realism 2 ] ( https://farm3.staticflickr.com/2453/3751993839_f4d8dc3e96.jpg ) [ norman rockwell 1 ] ( http://laelarrington.com/wp-content/uploads/2015/01/norman-rockwell-cola-museum-2.jpg ) [ norman rockwell 2 ] ( http://www.petapixel.com/assets/uploads/2012/12/norman2b.jpg ), 
  like cowboy hats are considered typically american . 
   1 a french word which pretty much means hipster actually , it comes from [ david brooks ' book `` bobos in paradise '' ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/bobos_in_paradise ) . 
   mr putin excels at exploiting other countries ' weaknesses . 
  i do n't think he does , though . 
  his ukrainian adventure led to sanctions , discussions of us bases in poland , and formerly friendly countries now being suspicious of him . 
  it was a huge miscalculation on his part . 
   all of this is very clearly present in current us elections this is idiotic . 
  first of all , it has nothing to do with china . 
  second , the us elections this year have been awesome . 
  while i think trump is an idiot , and i believe and hope that he will be crushed in the general election , i * like * that voters were given the opportunity to reject the establishment candidates and did so . 
  elections should be about actual choices . 
  the democratic primaries have also been a great example of voters deciding what direction the party should take . 
  sanders and clinton have different viewpoints , and there have been a lot of interesting discussions about what direction the d 's should move in . 
  again , elections should be about choices , and these elections were . 
  so while none of this has much to do with china , i think holding up these elections as * bad * examples means that you really do n't understand much about how elections should work . 
  these elections have been a great example of how elections should work . 
  even with donald trump in the mix . 
  one of the advantages of staying in a hotel in italy is using them to call taxis - they mostly know how much the trip should cost , and the taxi drivers do n't want you to complain to the hotel because the hotels will stop calling them . 
  i do n't think inflation was measured 100 years ago . 
   i do not believe in the ideology of `` fiscal stimulus '' it 's easy to not believe something when you are completely ignorant of the area . 
  it was n't . 
  every time i thought it was , i would actually go to / r/worldnews and realize again just how bad it is . 
   the funny thing is : people said the same things back then about hitler and the nazis . 
   no , they really did n't . 
  he has translators . 
  us gdp was $ 17.9 tn as of 2015 . 
   many americans actually beleave that they invented the pizza no american believes this . 
  google translate is imperfect ... but it looks like that article was saying that food constituted over 50 % of items bought at retail in russia . 
  not that people were spending 50 % of their income on food . 
  yes , although fewer . 
   a hipster is just a young person doing their own thing . 
  and telling you about it . 
  and why it 's better than you doing your own thing . 
   i for one am pretty happy that the laws are the way they are . 
  it should not be that anyone can attack anyone , even if its only verbally . 
  there 's a difference between `` anyone attacking anyone '' and political speech . 
  this is true in the us as well - public officials get less protection from defamation laws than normal citizens . 
   \u00a7 103 will get abolished soon . 
  even merkel stated that , when she decided to allow b\u00f6hmermann 's prosecution . 
  in 2018 , apparently . 
   great . 
  more americans commenting on the german legal system with only trace amounts of knowledge of the german legal tradition , in particular : the special status granted to the ` defense against attacks on personal honor ' , and how it differs from the anglo-saxon tradition ( which grants protection against libel/defamation , but not the aforementioned stronger protection ) . 
  well , reddit is an american website , so that 's going to happen . 
  and , imo , as an american who studied law in germany ( which i hope permits me to comment ) , the defense against attacks on personal honor has * no place * in the context of purely political speech . 
  it 's not like he was insulting the honor of , say , his neighbor . 
  he was making a purely political statement . 
  and german courts would have ground to a halt if george bush had requested prosecution of everyone who called him a war criminal . 
   to be clear : i personally believe the law applied here is outdated , and should be revoked . 
  which is actually going to happen ( as merkel said in the press conference as well , remember that part ? ) . 
  fair enough . 
   that said , she was facing an impossible choice , given that the law still exists : block the trial ( in which case , she would have ` decided ' the case instead of a court ) , or let it go through ( which still allows for a negative answer to erdogan 's claim , but by a court ) . 
  it 's not an impossible choice . 
  she could have , and should have , refused to enforce an unjust law . 
  particularly where the law itself gives her that discretion . 
   she did the best she could do in this situation , in my opinion : pass it through to the courts , but at the same time admitting that it 's an outdated law , and that she will see to it that this law will be removed . 
  again , she could have refused to enforce a law that is unjust and that she believes is outdated and bad . 
  the consequences of her not doing this is that b\u00f6hmermann has to deal with the consequences of defending against the suit , and other individuals are going to be afraid of making negative comments concerning erdogan ... at least until merkel changes the law , which she has said she will do ... in 2018 . 
  it does n't look to me like merkel has made a wise decision due to an outdated law . 
  it looks to me like she is bowing to erdogan 's wishes for her own reasons , while attempting to obscure this issue by arguing that her hands are tied and that she 'll change the law anyway in 2 or 3 years . 
  as a side note , it does n't make a lot of sense to talk about anglo-saxon defamation law - us defamation law is * very * different from uk defamation law . 
  greater austria . 
  itt : people who have no idea that there is something called `` diplomacy '' in which countries express their opinions on things that other countries are doing . 
  here 's the actual bit on corruption . 
  it 's not a denunciation . 
  it 's not a comparison to the us . 
  it 's an objective report , mostly based on spanish sources . 
   section 4 . 
  corruption and lack of transparency in government  the law provides criminal penalties for corruption by officials , and the government generally implemented these laws effectively , although prosecutions and convictions for corruption were rare compared to the complaints filed . 
   corruption : according to the attorney general 's office , in 2014 there were 17 guilty sentences , 35 new criminal cases were opened ( compared with 55 in 2013 ) , and there were 340 allegations of corruption . 
   the constitution provides for an ombudsman who investigates claims of police abuse . 
  from january to august 17 , the national ombudsman filed 896 ex officio judicial complaints , more than double the number of complaints filed in 2014 . 
  in 2014 the office of the ombudsman processed 23,186 complaints , a slight increase from the 22,692 complaints filed in 2013 . 
  the anti-corruption prosecutor 's office and the court of auditors handled investigations and prosecutions of corruption cases , while the office of the secretary of state for public administration was responsible for policy development . 
  they collaborated effectively with civil society , operated effectively and independently , and received sufficient resources . 
  during the first six months of the year , security forces arrested 201 persons in anticorruption operations .
