   95 % of foreign exchanges reserves of the ez and what the eurozone earn outside the eu is earn by germany . 
   those french companies seems to underperform since france has a constant trade deficit since 2004 . 
  it 's a mistake to fetishize trade deficits as the only meaningful statistic . 
  domestic and intra-eu economics are also very important . 
  do n't forget diego garcia !, 
  or milton ? 
  `` better to reign in hell than serve in heaven '' . 
  while this is true as far as it goes , the us murder rate is * much * higher than the rate in western europe . 
  the rate of other types of crimes , while also usually higher in the us , is much more comparable . 
  there are about 1/3 more burglaries in the uk than the us ; fraud cases are similar ; there are more property crimes and car thefts in the uk than the us . 
  by comparison , in the `` murders committed by youths '' categories , the us number is 60 times higher than the uk number . 
   the definition of `` robbery '' is the explanation . 
  no , it is n't . 
  belgium has a fairly standard and limited definition of robbery compared to other countries in the list :  belgium : includes all thefts with violence without arms and all thefts with arms . 
   `` it is difficult to get a man to understand something , when his salary depends on his not understanding it . '', 
  germany is the beneficiary of the macroeconomic imbalances at the root of the crisis . 
  it 's more satisfying to regard yourself as `` virtuous saver '' for running at 8 % trade surplus while depressing domestic demand than as culpable . 
  it 's also difficult to get a man to sympathize with you when your politicians and media repeatedly describe him as a nazi . 
  yeah , i wish they would choose another term for this , like `` socially disadvantaged '' or something . 
  the term `` poverty '' implies something much worse . 
  this article has been posted in several places on reddit over the past month , all with the same misleading headline . 
  this has nothing to do with basic income . 
  this is only about replacing welfare vouchers ( like food stamps , housing allowances , etc. ), 
  with cash . 
  that 's all . 
  it 's only for welfare recipients , not for the population as a whole . 
  the us has a 15 % noncompliance rate . 
  [ link ] ( http://www.irs.gov/uac/irs-releases-new-tax-gap-estimates;-compliance-rates-remain-statistically-unchanged-from-previous-study ), 
   so what you 're saying is greece is totally in the right to go bankrupt , then ? 
  who is saying greece ca n't go bankrupt ? 
  of course greece can . 
  what ? 
  there 's one in nl , too . 
  of course greece also got to keep the $ 300 billion they borrowed from the banks . 
  there was no referendum , but merkel 's government cruised to reelection in 2013 , with her handling of greece being an important electoral issue . 
   my state gives 3 times the amount in transfers that it receives . 
  no , it does n't . 
  your state does n't transfer anything to any other state . 
  the people in your state do . 
  and that 's why comparing the eu to the us does n't make sense . 
  80 % of taxes collected in the us are federal taxes . 
  everyone in the us pays the same tax rate , and ( basically ) everyone is entitled to the same benefits . 
  the us collects the federal tax money and spends it according to federal law . 
  of course , the economy in certain states ( calif. , ny ) is better than the economy in other states ( miss. , ala. ) , which leads to the result that more federal taxes are collected from people who live in calif. , and more federal money is spent on people who live in miss. 
  but at no point does the federal government , or anyone , tell the government in ny that they need to appropriate $ x from their budget to help the people in miss. 
  it 's not at all like the eu , where there is no supranational tax system , and any fiscal transfers like the us had would need to be paid by individual countries through their legislature . 
  i do n't think that 's necessarily a left-wing policy , as it was the policy of the us during the recession . 
  that 's because you - and many other commentators , apparently - have conveniently forgotten that greece actually received 300 billion euros . 
  which they 've already spend and are unable to pay back . 
  it misses the point to talk about how much money greece got from the bailout if you do n't acknowledge how much money greece got from the lenders in the first place . 
  what do you expect to happen - greece gets to keep the 300 billion * and * greece gets all of the bailout money , which they do n't have to use to repay debts , but can use for anything they want ? 
  german debt forgiveness was n't for money borrowed by germany . 
  it was for reparations imposed by the allies . 
  that 's quite different . 
  aside from which , what is your actual point - that anytime anyone borrows money from germany , they are not required to pay it back if they say `` wwii '' ? 
  if i want a mercedes and ca n't afford it , can i get it for free by saying wwii ? 
  in any event , only about a quarter of the debt is owed to germany at all . 
  germany is just the spokesperson for most of the rest of europe who also believe that greece should pay its debts . 
  austria threatens america !, 
  because obviously they are only curing cancer to help big pharma . 
  the problem is that air conditioning in houses and apartments is quite rare in germany , which means that 40 , or sustained temperatures near that , can be dangerous for elderly people inside . 
   after bailing out private banks . . who gave greece 300 billion . 
  you do understand this , do n't you ? 
  that greece actually received $ 300 billion from the banks ? 
  the article is confusing , but this only applies to welfare recipients , not the population at large . 
  the idea is to see whether it is better to give people all of their welfare benefits in cash , as opposed to in the form of vouchers for food , vouchers for rent , etc. 
  despite the use of the term , it has nothing to do with the idea of giving all citizens cash grants . 
  the baseball fields of cambodia ? 
  the oecd is reporting median disposable income , not median income . 
  if what you are interested in is the wealth of `` average '' citizens , then i think using median family income adjusted for ppp is by far the best metric . 
  per capita gdp is skewed because it presumes an equal distribution of wealth which does not exist . 
  if available , median ppp-adusted income broken out be decile or quintile is even better . 
  hdi is only really useful for gross comparisons ; when you try to compare highly developed countries , it becomes arbitrary . 
  measures of inequality are useful to help flesh out wealth in a society ( as would breaking income out by deciles ) , but because it is a relative and not absolute measure , it only tells part of the story . 
  ( i.e. , would you rather live in a society where income in the bottom 20 % of the population is $ 20,000 p.a / , the median is $ 30,000 p.a. , and the top quintile is $ 40,000 p.a. 
  ; or in a society where the bottom is $ 20,000 , the median is $ 60,000 , and the top is $ 100,000 ? 
  all of these type posts always leave out that greece actually received the money it borrowed . 
  the story does n't start with creditors demanding to be paid back . 
  the story starts with greece blowing $ 300 billion . 
  there 's a difference between a debt that was imposed as war reparations and a debt that came about from borrowing money you ca n't pay back . 
   greece took only 10 % of the bailout funds . 
  the remaining 90 % of the ~ 300bn went to irresponsible lenders that should have losses imposed . 
  well , to be fair , greece did get 100 % of the 300 billion that they owe . 
   that 's why new york contributes more to the federal budget than it receives and mississippi the reverse . 
  well , to be ( largely ) technical , new york does n't contribute anything to the federal budget , and miss. 
  does n't receive anything from the federal budget . 
  80 % of taxes paid by americans are federal taxes , and the amount does n't vary depending on the state you live in . 
  likewise , all americans are entitled to the same federal benefits , no matter what state they live in . 
  but , yes , if you compare the taxes paid by people living in ny with the benefits received by them , and do the same with miss. , you will find that people in ny , in the aggregate , paid more in taxes than they received back in federal benefits , and the opposite happened in ny . 
  this is because the economy and jobs in ny are better than those in miss. 
  but the contribution/receipt disparity has nothing to do with states supporting other states by transferring money to them . 
  it 's common at grocery stores , but most people do n't keep it in their pantry . 
  ( or if they do , it 's because they bought it 5 years ago and never used it ) . 
  it 's used in a few desserts . 
  for whatever reason , we do n't use the term `` unsweetened condensed milk '' ; we call that `` evaporated milk '' . 
  but it 's the same thing . 
  there is also no `` sweetened evaporated milk '' - that 's `` sweetened condensed milk '' . 
  no , it 's probably great insurance . 
  but it 's probably $ 40 paid by him , $ 300 paid by his employer . 
  i do n't pay anything for my health insurance , but my employer pays about $ 400/month .
