  yes , most germans would probably say that . 
  but german media is very good at leaving out critical details on matters where there is an elite consensus . 
  even on very important matters , such as refugees and immigration . 
   keep in mind this will replace the welfare state , not be additional to it . 
  no ; 800 euros/month is not nearly enough to replace the welfare state . 
   it is more expensive but i 'd say supporting local industries is worth is since it creates jobs and the quality very often is much better and at the same time ecological impact smaller due to closeness of the market to the manufacturer . 
  i have several pairs of american made dress shoes ( allen-edmonds ) . 
  they cost $ 385 a pair and are well worth it to me . 
  or i can buy cheaper imported dress shoes for $ 100 . 
  but not everyone is going to be willing or able to make that kind of tradeoff , nor should you expect them to . 
   quite a few of weight loss success stories disagree . 
  yeah , there 's no real evidence for that . 
  the labor participation rate is down somewhat , but that 's pretty much accounted for by retiring baby boomers and people staying in school longer . 
   the unemployment rate is the number of people unemployed as a percentage of the labour force . 
  no , that 's the labor participation rate . 
  unemployment is the number of people without a job who are looking for a job . 
  * all oecd countries * use this metric . 
  it is standard . 
  you have n't discovered some weird loophole . 
   us never list people who has stopped looking for work or is in a very long long time unemployment . 
  everyone uses that metric , and have for 50 years . 
   i 'd actually argue that the us legal system is generally only borderline functional ... based on what ? 
  the internet ? 
   what 's wrong with protectionism , especially with smaller countries ? 
  it harms consumers in those countries because it makes them pay more for something worse . 
  ummm . 
  no , it was not a bad tank . 
  the t-34 was also not a bad tank . 
  the fact that , in theory , a tiger could put a hole in a sherman from 3000 meters is a pointless metric because that has nothing to do with how battles were actually fought in wwii . 
  yes , by late 1944 the us decided it needed heavy tanks as well and fielded a relatively small number of patton tanks . 
  which means that the sherman - first fielded in 1942 - was getting old . 
  not that it was a bad tank . 
  the sherman was roughly equivalent to the pz iv , of which there were far more than the small number of tigers produced . 
   history is written by victors no it fucking is n't . 
  there are thousands of books written by the losers of any number of wars , from german books on wwi to american books on vietnam . 
  this is just your way of ignoring facts you find inconvenient . 
  that 's no really the actual german attitude . 
  the actual german attitude is that they did so much bad during that time period that they do n't feel comfortable criticizing what others did , lest it look like they are trying to minimize what they did . 
  which is completely understandable , but it 's not something that should necessarily be applauded as a laudable way of looking at history . 
  it 's clearly not how germans look at their own history ( which is laudable ) . 
  really ? 
  there are no german books on wwii ? 
  no american books on vietnam ? 
  no french books on algeria ? 
  the sherman was not a mediocre tank . 
  it was a medium tank , so not as powerful as the tiger ( which was a heavy tank ) . 
  the size of the sherman was constrained by the need to ship them overseas . 
  but it was extremely reliable , extremely easy to manufacture in great numbers , had an advanced fire control system and a very good high explosive round . 
  in the * vast * majority of cases in europe , the sherman was used against infantry , where it was overall superior to the tiger ( due to range and reliability and the number of shells it could carry ) . 
  in a one-on-one fight , it was inferior to the tiger . 
  which does n't mean that it was inferior to the tiger * as a tank * . 
  just in that particular instance . 
  midichlorians , basically . 
  but you are n't double taxed in the us - if you are a us citizen working in germany , you have to file a us tax return , but you get a credit for the taxes paid in germany . 
  which means you wo n't owe any us taxes , since german taxes are higher . 
  the us is concerned about people moving to a low tax country , living off their investments , and not paying us taxes . 
  if you go to another country to work and actually pay taxes there , you would only owe anything if you ended up paying less in taxes than you would have in the us . 
  which is unlikely . 
  i 'm not sure to what extent brain drain is really hurting europe - but it 's probably the case that the linked article 's reliance on green card status understates the matter somewhat . 
  it 's time consuming to get a green card , and not at all necessary to work in the us ; a better metric would be to look at all employment-related visas - the recent graduate who goes to work at google may or may not be intending to move permanently , but at the moment his talents are being provided to a us company and not a european one . 
   there is just nothing about the us - besides the high incomes for high-income earners also high incomes for moderate income earners ? 
   edit : why 's this getting down-voted ? 
  russia got their ass handed to them by the finns , by a ridiculous proportion . 
  i do n't think they are still using t-26s . 
  they * are * paying taxes . 
  i do n't get why so many europeans have such difficulty understanding this issue . 
  you do n't understand what lobbying is . 
   but it does n't justify them doing it . 
  yes , it does . 
  laws are * how * we determine the taxes we should pay . 
  there is no a priori fair amount that should be paid absent a law . 
   the whole thing is so hypocritical . 
  no , it is n't . 
  what is bad are people using starbucks ' expression of support an solidarity as an excuse to attack the company because they are unhappy with the eu . 
   drawing borders and ignoring religion and culture in the region while doing so of course this is not what they did . 
  the borders more or less correspond to ottoman provincial borders . 
  and of course all of these areas were first conquered by the ottomans and ruled by them for 500 years before the brief period of western control between wwi and wwii . 
  but of course the fact that the ottomans suppressed the arabs for 500 years is much less important than the fact that iraq was a british mandate from 1920 to 1932 . 
   they conquered that place then divided it as they wanted regardless of clan/nationality of subjects . 
  you 're talking about the ottoman empire that conquered and ruled these lands for 500 years , right ? 
  or the 12 years that iraq was a british mandate ? 
  tl ; dr : learn something about history before you presume to lecture others . 
   but people forget that china is still the only civilization/empire/superstate whatever you call it that has lasted millennia . 
  egypt lasted millennia as well . 
  what ? 
  seriously . 
  syria was ruled by the ottomans for 500 years ; they were a french mandate for 21 years . 
  / u/donvito blames the french . 
   freedom of religion as a seperate law is complete nonesense - in practice it is nothing more than '' more freedom for religious claims than non-religious claims '' . 
  freedom of religion in the us has included freedom from religion since the very beginning . 
  most litigation is about religious people complaining because they ca n't put a nativity scene by the courthouse , or hang the 10 commandments in schools . 
  i do n't see how freedom of speech would prohibit the city from putting a nativity scene by the courthouse . 
  they bought 2000 libreoffice licenses . 
  we do n't know for how much . 
  how much do you think 2000 ms office licenses cost a government ? 
   i do n't think people of europe will realize that driving anger towards muslims is exactly what isil wants . 
  just because that 's what you * do n't * want does n't mean it 's what the terrorists * do * want . 
  in fact , you are completely inventing what the terrorists want to support what you want . 
  isis actually explains what they want . 
  they want control of countries in the me for themselves , so that they can create radically repressive islamic states .
