  i do n't think george washington ever had an 89 % approval rating . 
  it 's possible that some russians believe that russia is going the wrong way but that putin is trying to take it in the right direction . 
  the us does n't hate europe , as a political entity or otherwise . 
  the us is often frustrated with europe , however . 
  why the scare quotes ? 
  are you arguing that the attack on ch was not actually a terrorist attack ? 
  do you believe that anyone who blasphemes against the profit deserves to die ? 
  like they did after wwii ? 
  so prove him wrong . 
  should be easy if he 's a shill . 
  the ice dispenser does shut off when the bin is full ... it 's not like the house will overflow with ice if you do n't find a use for it all . 
  i was in rome last year , and in tourist areas ( which is most of rome ) restaurants , etc. 
  will offer you cappuccinos after dinner because they understand that tourists have quaint customs , and because they can charge more for a cappuccino than a simple espresso . 
  according to someone i spoke to , though , italians themselves see it kind of like having corn flakes for dinner . 
   be on time . 
  we do n't have time for any corteous 15 minute delay . 
  except for the akademisches viertel . 
  it 's `` pinya '' in tagalog . 
  fwiw . 
  i 've seen `` links gehen , rechts stehen '' signs on escalators in germany . 
  although i ca n't say how common it is . 
  and switzerland does n't have a navy . 
  while there 's a reasonable argument that it 's bad to antagonize people , i do n't think it 's accurate to say that a drawing of muhammed is `` offensive '' . 
  it would be more accurately described as being `` blasphemous '' , i think . 
  christians might be offended if richard dawkins had a sitcom involving the madcap capers of a group of atheists living in an apartment in nyc ( `` atheist friends '' ) , but the show would not - presumably - actually be offensive in and of itself . 
  it would be blasphemous , and people might be offended at the blasphemy , but that 's not the same thing as being actually offensive . 
   if you provide a service in a country or region that service must abide by the local laws surely . 
  this is true , but i think you are interpreting `` provide a service '' too broadly . 
  google actually sells products ( advertising , for example ) in europe . 
  wikipedia does n't . 
  true , you can read it from any country , but it 's not `` providing a service '' the way that google does . 
  if it did , than any blog accessible from anyplace in the world would be subject to the laws of all countries . 
  by that definition , the eu is also an oligarchy . 
  but since you are on the level of `` i read it on the internet , therefore it must be true '' , i 'm not sure you really understand the point . 
   we should build a european parliamentary democracy , and later a global parliamentary democracy . 
  this is the path towards a better world . 
  most of the world does n't share your values . 
  at all . 
  yep . 
  my essay exams tended to have an explanatory bit stating something like : `` if you are not sure what a question means , or you think a question is ambiguous our unclear , make an assumption about what the question means , and make this assumption explicit in your answer . '', 
  `` i am assuming that the artist in question is or was a human being , and lives or lived on this planet . 
  by which i mean the planet earth . '', 
   i mean , it 's about fundamental things that it 's hard not to be interested in like `` what is morality '' `` are tables real ? '', 
  `` do i have free will ? '', 
  it 's hard to make such questions boring imho i do n't think that these questions are boring ; the difficulty ( at least in my beginning philosophy class ) was having the students approach the questions rigorously and logically , rather than just stating that `` x is my opinion and i do n't have to defend it because everyone is entitled to their own opinion . '', 
  this seems completely reasonable as an exam-taking strategy . 
  you may hate moli\u00e8re ( or whoever ) , and have reasons for this - but the best place to make this kind of revisionist argument is probably * not * during your hs final exam . 
  not only is it slow ; the trains are usually extremely crowded with people standing all along the corridor . 
  the problem is that the ferry limits the number of cars on the train to a number significantly less than the number of people wanting to take that route to copenhagen . 
   english , as a language , is relatively young compared to the languages spoken in europe . 
  no , it is n't . 
  i 'm not sure where you are getting this . 
   besides , english is a germanic language - it has evolved from german . 
  english did not come from german . 
  english and german came from the same root and diverged into different languages . 
  they , too , are the same age . 
   well , english became popular because of the internet , which started around the american arpanet . 
  no , english was dominant in europe long before that . 
  well , they may live 30 miles from the border of a different country and want to learn that language , and maybe even 60 miles from the border of a 3rd country . 
  it may or may not be necessary , but it 's still a bigger incentive than most americans have . 
   if the tables were turned , it would anger americans to no end if someone walked into their shop/restaurant/whatever and started the conversation in x foreign language . 
  but the tables * are n't * turned . 
  and that factors heavily into what languages people speak . 
  if the lingua franca were german instead of english , americans would learn german en masse - as was the case with german and french in the 19th century . 
  europeans do n't learn english to be polite ; they learn it because it is extremely useful in all kinds of contexts , and - in a lot of professions , you will be at a severe disadvantage if you do n't speak the language . 
  europeans do n't learn english primarily to speak with native english speakers ; they learn it to speak with anyone who does n't speak their language . 
  the dane who goes on vacation in greece learns english so that he can communicate with the greeks ( at least those at the hotel and in tourist areas ) . 
  germans who go to spain will mostly speak english , as will spaniards who go to belgium and italians who go to poland . 
  it 's not about courtesy ; it 's about practicality . 
  i speak german at a very high level , and i lived there for several years . 
  but it took me years to reach that level of proficiency ... and it 's really only helpful in germany , austria , and part of switzerland . 
  in the 27 ( or however many ) other countries , it 's of no use at all . 
  yeah , i have the same problem . 
  webster changed the spelling of a * handful * of words . 
  he did n't change the language at all , and american english is just as utilitarian or non-utilitarian as bre or any other dialect of english . 
  money is not imaginary . 
  nor does a statement from a justice of the peace make it so . 
  if you want to see for yourself , work for free . 
  possibly good advice if you are a fit male under 30 . 
  less useful if you are a slightly overweight 50 year old woman . 
   why should america defend europe when europe will not collectively defend itself . 
  the answer to this in adult , grown-up , realpolitik is that europe 's unwillingness to defend itself is the reason that the us should defend it . 
  having said that , i think the results of the poll would be different ( in germany , anyway ) if a country like poland were actually invaded . 
  and also an ophthalmologist , as far as that goes . 
  you have pretty much described the modern state in all developed democracies . 
  i think the question is really too broad : there 's a difference between : ( 1 ) fighting for your country in a third world hellhole for reasons that are unclear ; ( 2 ) fighting for your country to defend a closely allied country against an obviously unlawful invasion ; and ( 3 ) fighting to defend your own country against invasion . 
  exactly ; this is kind of like `` if hitler had won the battle of the bulge , would he have conquered the united states and the ussr ? '', 
  yeah , usually surveys like this use the median salary and only include the salaries of full time workers above the age of 25 . 
  this is really interesting , but also sort of confusing . 
  in the us , far more people die from legal drug overdoses than from illegal drugs like heroin or cocaine . 
  ( even though a lot of people die from heroin overdoses - the number tripled from 2010 to 2013 ) . 
  so while i can see how the death rate from illegal drugs might drop if use were decriminalized , i 'm not sure how it would affect the death rate from all drug overdoses . 
  yet the article does n't seem to be talking only about illegal drug overdoses . 
  i wish that the article had gone into more detail about why this was working . 
  drug overdoses come from actually using the drug . 
  making it easier to use a drug suggests that people will use more of the drug , which might lead to more overdoses ... but somehow does not . 
  when he makes ignorant statements that politicians are all about `` keeping undesirable groups down '' , he 's in / r/conspiracy territory and there 's no point arguing with the crazy . 
   i imagine that i might be treated like that by many , but not all , people in germany . 
  i lived in germany for several years , and i almost never got that kind of treatment . 
  even when they are unhappy about something that the us is doing , normal germans do n't take this out on regular americans .
