  on the sidebar on the right , under `` productivity '' , select `` level of gdp per capita '' and you should have the appropriate options . 
  there is no reason to believe that the uk ever expected any `` brexit favors '' . 
  the headline could just as well have been `` denmark warns no $ 1 billion donation post-brexit . '', 
   china buys all oil from russia in rubles now do you not understand that this is * bad * for russia ? 
  yes , trade with south africa is definitely going to make up for loss of trade with europe . 
   sanctions are a form of warfare , not diplomacy . 
  warfare is shooting people and blowing things up . 
  anything short of that is diplomacy . 
  what is this , 1880 ? 
  germany may have been in central europe at that point ; it 's definitely in western europe now . 
  no , it is n't . 
  if you go to this [ oecd link ] ( https://stats.oecd.org/index.aspx?datasetcode=pdb_lv# ) , and make sure that `` measure '' is set to `` annual growth/change '' , and then look at `` gdp per capita , constant prices '' in the appropriate year , you 'll see that the gdp per capita growth for germany in 2015 is .9 % . 
  the gdp per capita growth for the uk was 1.5 % ; it was 1.6 % in the us . 
  in 2014 , you get 1.2 / 2.1 / 1.7 ( ger/uk/us ) ; in 2013\u00a00/1 .5 / .7 ( ger/uk/us ) . 
  i ca n't speak to the uk , but the us is more productive than germany , ( oecd puts german productivity at 84.5 to us 100 ( although the uk is 74 ) ) , and the us had a better , more aggressive plan for dealing with the global financial crisis . 
  part of turkey is in europe . 
  i read the entire article and still do n't have much of an idea what sahti is or how it tastes . 
  that 's just a bit dishonest . 
  in 2007 , stiglitz said : `` venezuelan president hugo chavez appears to have had success in bringing health and education to the people in the poor neighborhoods of caracas . 
  it is not only important to have sustainable growth , but to ensure the best distribution of economic growth , for the benefit of all citizens . '', 
  of course the usual right wing blogs chacterized this as support for venezuelan-style socialism ... but that 's of course not at all what he said . 
  he 's written 100s of papers as an economist . 
  anyone actually interested in his economic views should read them and not quote crackpot right wing talking points . 
  he 's not an american , despite his troll name . 
  yes , but in general wealth `` transfers '' in the us are transfers from citizen to citizen , not from region to region . 
  people in bavaria earn more money , pay more taxes , and receive fewer social benefits than people in schleswig holstein , so there 's a transfer from bavaria to sh , but not in the same way that eu transfers are done . 
  the guardian 's headline is `` norway may block ... '' ; the article itself is about how norway `` could block '' [ the uk 's return to efta ] . 
  `` may block '' is misleading , as it suggests that there is some present intention ( or at least inclination ) on the part of norway to block the uk . 
  this is extremely simplistic . 
  the eu consists of many countries with many different interests . 
  germany exports $ 50 billion worth of cars to the uk and is n't interested in a trade war that might significantly reduce this number . 
  ee does n't care as much about its exports , but is very concerned about freedom of movement . 
  and ireland , of course , would suffer significantly if trade with the u.k. was more difficult . 
  at this point , you are just lying and trolling . 
  but the pay differential between regions in the us is still not * that * great ; no one can live on $ 200/month in the us ; minimum wage is over $ 1,000 / month , and only 1 % of full time workers earn that . 
  there are german car companies in low cost of living states in the us ( alabama , south carolina and tennessee ) , but they still pay between $ 40 and $ 65/hour . 
   i do n't know that putting hundreds of thousands of people in camps is a great solution to this problem . 
  you mean places like this : [ link ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/syrian_refugee_camps ) . 
  you know , when you make patently ridiculous strawman arguments like this , you ignore the real problems that exist . 
  is that because you are n't really interested in the problems at macedonian factories , but just want to use their misery as a way of making political points that relate to the job market in france ? 
   edit : when i think over it i suspect the `` issue '' is in large part due to the fact that in the us the guy tossing the more money at lawyers ( ie the employer ) will win every time , while in france you can access justice even if you are n't willing to borrow millions of $ . 
  that effectively mean the population can actually sue somebody when needed instead of only the richest . 
  by `` i suspect '' you mean you have no actual idea , so are going to make things up to make the us look bad because you know , a priori , that things must be better in france . 
  in the us , you do n't have to pay a lawyer out of your pocket to sue an employer . 
  those lawyers work for a percentage of the recovery . 
  that 's how most civil suits work in the us . 
  the bit you invented about having to borrow millions to sue someone ? 
  does n't happen in the us . 
  can happen in europe where contingency suits are often not permitted because , well , ca n't make it too easy to sue employers . 
  inability to hire a lawyer to try and vindicate your rights is really not difficult in the us . 
  do you seriously think it 's * hard * to get a lawyer in the us ? 
  probably the most litigious country in the developed world ? 
  good luck finding anyone who speaks dutch at a c1 + level anywhere else . 
  people who think they see similarities are historically ignorant and should stop misusing their one-paragraph jr. high school understanding of weimar to support their world view . 
  my state was one of the ones that went bankrupt in the 1840s and it still has a provision in its constitution stating that the treasury is n't allowed to pay any of the 1840-era canal debts that caused the problem . 
  but the consequences were n't particularly dire ; the state announced that it would n't pay the canal debts ( which were owed primarily to london banks ) , the creditors took control of the uncompleted canals and other improvements and either completed them or abandoned them ( but never made much money on them ) , and the state continued on much as before . 
  i 'm sure it became more difficult for the state to borrow money for a time , but that was n't nearly the issue in 1845 that it would be for a sovereign state today ; the reason greece ca n't just cancel its debts is because it needs to borrow new money every year . 
  gdp per capita divided by us state is n't a very good way to capture differences since only 10-20 % of taxation happens at the state level , and gdp per capita is n't a very good reflection of individual income . 
  median income is a much more useful tool . 
  the data is a couple of years old , but median income in maryland is $ 71,000 ; median income in mississippi is $ 37,000 . 
  ( this is somewhat closer than it seems because miss has a very low col and maryland a fairly high col ) . 
  no state takes subsidies . 
  that 's not how the us is set up . 
  there is a net transfer from individuals living in one state to individuals living in other states , but that occurs at the individual level based on laws that apply to everyone . 
  i.e. , there are more poor people in alabama than in new york , which means that , individually , they receive more money than they pay in taxes . 
  but that 's because of their individual circumstances , not because they live in alabama . 
  if they moved to ny , they would receive the same benefits . 
  or they could get a job at an entity funded by the eu , regulated by the eu , affected by regulations adopted by the eu , or that is interested in being funded by the eu . 
  which is a * huge * number of entities . 
  and just knowing that , say , a hardship exception to a certain regulation exists because you heard it discussed when you were attending a committee meeting as an intern can be very valuable to the right entity ... and even more so if you know who to call to find out how to begin applying for a hardship exception . 
  not if you are specifically looking to hire a candidate from the netherlands . 
   do you really need work experience to become a bureaucrat ? 
  yes . 
  are you an idiot ? 
   but it 's so general they could learn the same things doing pretty much any other internship , which may have been paid . 
  they wo n't , though . 
  you wo n't learn about how things work practically at the eu by doing an internship at a private company . 
  and vice-versa . 
  people can not like the job she 's doing and yet still prefer her to other candidates . 
  requiring europeans to consume more european-made media would be cruel and unusual punishment . 
  one eurovision is enough . 
  what if you want to stay home with the child until he 's old enough to start school ? 
  men ca n't breastfeed . 
  i know of several who have become stay-at-home parents . 
  but none who have stayed home without children . 
   i personally find the red-green scale to be highly informative . 
  i know it 's problematic for colorblind people , but they are a very tiny % of the population . 
  they are n't a `` tiny '' percentage of the population , which is why web design guidelines exist . 
  why piss on 8 % of the male population ? 
   be aware that there is literally video evidence of numerous instances of police officers pseudo-executing ( black ) people on a whim . 
  examples ? 
  i would n't deny that this has happened , but none of the examples that have caused outrage in the last couple of years have been anything like that . 
  i 'm not sure of the distinction you are making between `` profit '' and `` gains . '', 
  but trade is n't a zero-sum game , and there 's a risk that an attempt to impose harsh terms on the uk will also have negative consequences for the eu . 
  even if the consequences are * more negative * for the uk . 
  and a lot of things are just complicated . 
  if you impose certain tariffs on british exports , they would likely retaliate by imposing tariffs on other goods commonly exported to the uk from the eu ( like , say , automobiles ) . 
  which means that consumers in both countries pay higher prices and/or obtain goods from third countries . 
  i.e. , those who are willing to pay more for vw will do so ; those who are n't will buy toyotas . 
  airbus either pays more for british aircraft engines , or buys aircraft engines from the us .
