  sex ed is really important for safety . 
  but making contraceptives easily available is going to to a lot more toward reducing teen pregnancy , if that 's your goal . 
  do you imagine that ttip is just about patents and copyrights ? 
   is n't that actually so ironic for a country with such bullshit patent and copyright laws . 
  i find it interesting that you are familiar enough with us patent and copyright laws to call them `` bullshit '' , but are * completely ignorant * of european patent and copyright laws which are functionally identical . 
  as an example , the us extended its copyright term in the 70 's ( from 50 years from the death of the author to 70 years ) under pressure from european countries to conform to their 70-year period . 
  this . 
  if german automobile and other products are 20 % cheaper in dollar terms , exports to the us are going to go up . 
   third wirld = neutral countries . 
  no ; switzerland and austria were neutral , but they were n't third world countries . 
  no ; the feudal lords were n't taxed . 
  the peasants who worked the land were taxed by the vassal of the king , but the vassal was n't taxed by the king . 
  giving land is giving money because the land comes with serfs who are required to work the land and give a share to the lord . 
  land = a regular source of income . 
  the vassals were required to perform military service , maintain castles , and contribute money in certain circumstances ( if the king had to be ransomed ) , but did n't pay taxes . 
  chomsky probably thinks it was capitalist . 
  the decline of the euro vs. the dollar in the past year means that eu agricultural products are significantly cheaper in the us ( the largest export market for ag products from the eu ) than they were a year ago . 
  apparently a quarter of the 5 % growth is due to growth in the us . 
  ( the largest us imports are alcohol , olive oil , and cheese ) . 
  i do n't really know how often americans think of russia , but most americans can find it on a map . 
  the only general answer is english . 
  it 's always important . 
  the other languages are only important if you are actually working in the country where the language is spoken ( or with customers who speak that language ) . 
  but there 's not a good way to predict in advance ( i.e. , before you have a job ) what that language might be . 
  you can spend 5 years learning french , only to be assigned to berlin , warsaw , amsterdam , and milan . 
  or german , but switch paris with berlin . 
  they had a higher gdp than the uk in the late ' 70 's , but i 'm not sure about france - and they did n't have a higher gdp than germany . 
   it had been argued that french labor market resists crisis better to crisis because it is harder to lay off people , at the cost of less flexibility overall . 
  it may have been argued ... but it 's a ridiculous argument . 
  the french unemployment rate is still over 10 % , and it 's the lowest it 's been in a year . 
   every summer , southern europe 's tourist spots look forward to the arrival of planeloads of germans on holiday . 
  but this year encounters between germans and their hosts have become loaded . 
  from the first two sentences of the article , it 's apparent that the article is dishonest . 
  this is not about germany and `` southern european hotspots '' . 
  this has nothing to do with italy , spain , portugal , mallorca , southern france , etc. 
  this has to do with greece and germany . 
  which the article should have mentioned ... but that would have undercut its thesis about germany and `` europe '' . 
   our economy does n't rely on wars . 
  no one 's economy `` relies '' on wars anymore ; they 're bad for everyone 's economy because they are too expensive . 
  but if you do n't think that germany 's economy profits from the sale of military equipment , you are sorely mistaken . 
   someone from the usa criticising someone else about the bad things of self interest ? 
  now i 've seen it all . 
  then no one in europe is allowed to have an opinion on anything ? 
  is that what you 're getting at ? 
  if you are intellectually unable to address the substance of an article , you should post less , learn more , and maybe learn that an ad hominem is n't a substitute for an actual argument . 
  but you are n't actually trying make a point , are you ? 
  you 're trying to declare arguments illegitimate - regardless of the substance of the argument - because you do n't like the nationality of the person making it . 
  grow the fuck up . 
  it probably is inefficient ( although it is also a direct bank transfer , but to an account you can only use for food ) ; i do n't think that actual paper coupons have been used for 20 years . 
  but you still get fraud - person on food stamps buys $ 100 worth of food for friend , friend gives her $ 50 cash which she can use on non-food items ( alcohol , drugs , witcher 3 , etc. 
  interesting - even housing supplements ? 
  that 's not really rigging the stats . 
  if you are on sick benefits , you 're not unemployed because you could n't take a job if offered . 
  retired people are n't unemployed either , nor or mothers who stay home with their children . 
  the life expectancy point is a good one , but you have to take us-only studies with a grain of salt in international comparisons because the unstated premise would be that greek life expectancy is not bad for the poor , and that fewer greeks life in food-insecure households . 
  which may be the case , but you ca n't infer it from a us-only studies . 
  and a food-insecure household is a household with `` a reduced quality , variety , or desirability of diet . 
  little or no indication of reduced food intake . '', 
  although the term may also include families with `` disrupted eating patterns and reduced food intake . '', 
   so even if they were just trying to help local competition it would in a way be helping the consumer . 
  no , that 's exactly backwards . 
  you help local competition by restricting the types of things that companies can compete on , which is overall harmful to the consumer . 
  if you say businesses may only be open from 7 a.m. to 7 p.m. , you restrict the ability of businesses to compete on the basis of hours . 
  if you do n't allow retailers to discount , you restrict the ability of businesses to compete on price . 
  if you set a minimum price for certain goods ( say , milk ) , you restrict the ability of businesses to compete on the price of milk . 
  you help the consumer by increasing the areas in which businesses may compete . 
  not by increasing the number of businesses that exist while limiting the ways in which they can compete . 
  if all grocery stores had fixed prices and limited hours , you would increase the number of grocery stores , but you would not be helping consumers . 
  none of which is to say that there may not be a lot of valid reasons for legislation other than helping the consumer . 
  minimum wage laws , factory safety laws , zoning laws do n't directly help the consumer ; they tend to make prices higher . 
  but they are still good ideas . 
  similarly , a country may wish to increase the number of small businesses and impose laws ( minimum pricing , store closing laws ) that make it easier for small businesses to compete with larger corporations . 
  as a policy matter , this is for the voters of the country to determine - but it 's important to keep in mind that this occurs at the expense of the consumers and for the benefit of the small businesses . 
  tl ; dr : helping the local competition always harms the consumer . 
  if germany is the heart of the eu , what country is the brain ? 
  the president appoints governors of the states and allows them to keep tax revenues and run the states as they want ? 
  i do n't think so . 
  if obama were in charge of appointing governors , i 'm pretty sure he would n't appoint 31 republicans . 
  this is not `` basic income '' . 
  this is replacing vouchers for people on welfare with cash . 
  that 's all it is . 
  if you are n't on welfare , you do n't get anything . 
  if you are on welfare , you do n't get additional money , but you do get all of your welfare in cash , rather than the current mixture of cash and vouchers . 
  i think that income inequality ( and to a lesser extent relative poverty ) are important metrics . 
  but they are n't the only metrics , nor even the most important metrics . 
  they are an important part of looking at the demographics of a country , but not the only part . 
  you also have to look at absolute poverty , as well as absolute incomes in general . 
  there is an argument , of course , that people in relative poverty are subject to social exclusion . 
  which may be true , and which is worth looking at ... but at the moment it 's a pretty simplistic argument , and one which probably does n't hold true for all countries . 
  ( it may , but there 's not much evidence of that right now ; we just have sociologists choosing a convenient number and declaring people below this are socially excluded ) . 
  another problem with looking just at relative poverty is that you can fix it by making everyone poorer , which is n't really a fix , and not an improvement in the standard of living . 
  if you drop the median income in the us from $ 55,000 to $ 45,000 , you would remove a lot of people from relative poverty , but it 's really hard to argue that they would be better off . 
  that 's a regular feudal state - historically , the liege did n't collect resources from the vassals ; he gave them resources ( land , and all the income from it ) ; all that they owed him was loyalty . 
  ( which included providing knights in times of war ) . 
  it 's usually less than 20 years by the time the drugs goes through approval . 
  jonas salk worked for a university and much of the funding was paid for through a nonprofit . 
  why are multinational pharma companies unethical ? 
  and what possible reason do you have for believing that gleevec would have been invented if the company could n't have made a profit ? 
  the profits on successful drugs are necessary to cover the losses on the far more numerous unsuccessful drugs . 
  none of which is to say that there is n't room for reform .
