  gdp per capita does n't really reflect how much people actually have ; it 's more a gross measure of productivity . 
  vw blatantly cheated , got caught , admits that they cheated . 
  and your response is to blame the us . 
  you would actually do better to read more about the actual scandal rather than simply becoming defensive . 
  and , yeah , people in the us fucking care about pollution . 
  it 's why the us required catalytic convertors long before germany did . 
  and why there is a clean air act . 
  and why people are pissed of that vws were putting out 40x more nox than was legally permitted . 
  there would be a scandal if they were putting out * twice as much * as permitted ; it 's hard to even wrap my head around 40 times as much . 
  ( the eu has less stringent nox standards than the us - 3 or 4 times higher - but vw also exceeded these standards by a large margin ) . 
  i 's a cool sounding plan - and maybe the best option for a country like switzerland - but just because it looks cool does n't mean it would actually work . 
  the maginot line did n't work as planned , nor did fort eban-emael . 
  dutch plans to defend by using the canals did n't pan out , either . 
  also , look at a map - the large population and industrial cities - basel , bern , geneva , zurich , lucern - are all in the northern plain which is easily accessible from germany without having to deal with mountain passes or significant water obstacles . 
  here - have a [ map ] ( https://www.google.com/maps/place/switzerland/@46.7701029,7.7067832,8.78z/data=!4m2!3m1!1s0x478c64ef6f596d61:0x5c56b5110fcb7b15!5m1!1e4 ) . 
   while it 's gangs of second generation immigrants some not even from germany . 
  i 've seen news reports that some of the perpetrators had records going back five years ( so predating the refugee crisis ) , but nothing suggesting that these were second generation immigrants . 
  although of course that 's possible . 
  it 's not your sub . 
  it 's a sub about europe . 
   it 's not like the us - this guy killed an escort who would n't have sex with him [ 2 ] outside his apartment when she was leaving , and because she had technically left with his property/money , texas self defense law protected him . 
  the guy was actually tried for murder and acquitted , though . 
  it 's not like law enforcement said `` nope , that 's self defense ; you 're free to go . '', 
  is n't that technology better discovered on earth ? 
  steamships were developed by inventing the steam engine and then putting it in a ship . 
  not by sending more and more canoes across the atlantic . 
  why would you think this ? 
  a little bit excessive illegal violence is ok , but not too much . . 
  such dishonest posting . 
  or do you actually * not * understand that not every criminal act is a war crime ? 
   we also have less traffic related deaths than the us , so overall our traffic is safer , a higher quality drivers license probably contributes to that . 
  this is not true of all of europe , however . 
  and what is probably more significant are : ( 1 ) drunk driving laws ; and ( 2 ) the ease with which someone 's license can be revoked . 
  the quality of driver 's ed probably has a small effect wrt newer drivers , but after a couple of years of driving , i do n't think it 's going to make any measurable difference . 
   the us has over three times as much traffic related deaths per 100.000 citizens , and twice as much per 100.000 vehicles as say the netherlands . 
  neither of those are relevant statistics because they do n't say anything about actual driving . 
  fatalities per kms driven is how you determine the safety of driving . 
  and the netherlands are still lower , having a fatality rate that 's about 60 % of the us number . 
  but the us number is still lower than belgium 's . 
  the us is significantly better than the czech republic , estonia , and bulgaria , slightly better than belgium , the same as spain and slovenia , only slightly worse than austria , and significantly worse than denmark . 
  for an accurate comparison , you have to look at deaths per billion kms driven , and not per capita numbers . 
  per capita may reflect the dangerousness of cars overall , but has nothing to say about the quality of the drivers . 
  and of course drivers education only plays a small part in these statistics ; the prevalence and enforcement of drunk driving laws are probably much more significant , as are things like traffic regulation and the overall safety of the roads . 
   but generally you take a class from a private drivers ed company . 
  where do you live ? 
  i 've never known anyone who has done this . 
  have you not noticed that the eu has put sanctions on russia ? 
  because they invaded ukraine ? 
  cern did n't make the internet . 
  cern had nothing to do with the internet . 
  tim berners-lee developed the world wide web while working at cern . 
  the www is not the internet . 
  there are plenty of rare earth metals ; the us has a lot as well . 
  china is the only current producer because their prices are much lower than the competition . 
  ( due in part , but not entirely , to the fact that they have much looser pollution standards ) . 
  in a major blackout , you do n't have power for a week . 
  cash wo n't be worthless in a week . 
  the same with a natural disaster . 
  war might be different . 
  slaughterhouse 5 is not a documentary . 
  it 's misleading to call the us a federation ; that implies a higher level of independence than the states actually have . 
  the us is a federal state , but it 's not much more decentralized than other federal states , like , say , germany . 
  if you consider a town of 30,000 in ny and a town of 30,000 in alabama , the differences are going to be surprisingly small . 
  you really ca n't meaningfully compare states in the us with countries in europe because there has been so much more movement within the us . 
  my state does n't consist of people who have lived here for 2000 years ; my state became a state 200 years ago , when the ( white ) population reached 60,000 . 
  it was largely settled by people from neighboring states , many of whom stayed for a generation or so and then moved on to another state . 
  my father was born in colorado ; i was born in virginia , my mother and sister were born in kentucky . 
  i live in indiana ; my sister lives in kentucky , my sister 's son lives in north carolina . 
  my best friends from hs live in illinois , texas , virginia , and oregon . 
  and i 'm not an outlier ; this is fairly typical . 
  i do n't think so . 
  but is n't it at least a little disingenuous to ignore the fact that eu citizens who traveled to iraq , iran , syria , or sudan ( or at least iraq or syria ) * have * recently committed terrorist attacks in the eu ? 
  and that there is * some * reason for the us to be concerned about these individuals ? 
  the eu certainly is . 
  none of which means that the us should necessarily change its existing visa waiver program , of course . 
  but you ca n't pretend that there 's no reason for concern . 
   europe had colonies there for just over 20 years . 
  turkey ruled them for over 400 years . 
  so much historical illiteracy ... 
   eh , the middle east began its fuckedupedness as a direct result of imperial european adventurism and expansion . 
  it 's * almost like * you think the me is africa . 
  it 's * almost like * you 've never heard of the ottoman empire . 
  you know , the empire that ruled the area for 400-500 years ? 
  before europeans set up protectorates that lasted 10-20 years ? 
  syria was ruled by the ottoman empire from 1516 to 1922 . 
  it was a french mandate from 1922 to 1945 . 
   you disagree that europe fucked up the place to begin with ? 
  yes . 
  so does history . 
  that was over 60 years ago ( and do n't leave out the role of the uk in the coup ) . 
  do you seriously believe that things would have been different in the middle east if things had been done differently in 1954 ? 
  because a country in which everyone is poor is better than a country where only some people are ? 
  part of the answer lies in how conscription in europe generally works ( or worked , until recently ) . 
  typically , the men would be called up and undergo military training for a year or so . 
  they would learn lower-level skills , such as being an infantryman or mortarman or the like . 
  typically , most of these jobs were the type that men would do best because having a lot of physical strength was an important component . 
  the more skilled roles - which more women would have been able to do - were reserved for the non-conscript military . 
  these would include things like helicopter pilot or ship 's captain or advanced mechanic . 
  the idea was that , if there was a war , the conscripts would be called up and fill out the lower level manpower requirements , while the standing army acted as the officers and specialists . 
   i would say german media outlets are less biased and at least the most important ones ( ard , zdf ) focus on stuff that really matters .
