  no , it is n't . 
  you 're just trying to argue that a field that you like is somehow different from the disdain the stemlords place on the rest of the humanities . 
   apple 's real sin is that they do not pay american income tax because of ireland 's tax loopholes . 
  apple paid $ 13 billion in us income taxes last year . 
  [ link ] ( http://247wallst.com/special-report/2014/01/08/companies-paying-the-most-taxes/3/ ), 
  it 's idiotic to pretend that this is a `` moral '' issue and apple ( or any company , or any individual ) should pay more than the law requires . 
  it 's not really a `` loophole '' ; it was intentionally added to the irish tax code to permit precisely this behavior . 
   in general i have absolutly nothing against communism . 
  it brought the europeans social welfare that capitalism had ignored since its existance socialism did that , not communism . 
  more specifically , social-democratic policies . 
  while there are different flavors of communism , all of them advocate public ownership of the means of production . 
  and historically , all of them resulted in an actual dictatorship . 
   if you think violence can be solved with violence , you 're deluded . 
  how was german aggression stopped in ww2 ? 
   realising the allies did a massive amount to retain the old nazi/imperial structure , especially in west germany . 
  no , they did n't . 
  not at all . 
  the allies did n't get rid of most mid-level and below bureaucrats , but the political structure is very very different . 
  so you are against net neutrality ? 
  come see the violence inherent in the system !, 
   people are the same everywhere . 
  biologically , sure . 
  culturally ? 
  of course not ; the claim is ridiculous . 
  what languages do you speak ? 
   this is n't the opinion of some `` european leftist '' , this is basic human rights . 
  no , it is n't . 
  but i understand how simplifying facts can make it easier to support your preferences . 
  if a civilian from another country travels to afghanistan to join the taliban and fight against the us , it 's not clear that he has actually broken any criminal laws . 
  but he 's not actually in any sort of military , either , so he 's not a pow . 
  traditionally , under the laws of war , i think this kind of `` unlawful combatant '' is supposed to be shot . 
  but no one wanted to do that , nor did they want to release the civilians to continue their war - so they basically detained them at guantanamo . 
  which is not perfect , but neither is shooting them , or releasing them . 
  hadith was born in the uk to jamaican parents and later converted to islam . 
  he was arrested after traveling to afghanistan in 2002 . 
  he 's not some innocent picked up on the street for no reason . 
  he was born in the uk to jamaican parents and later converted to islam . 
  and then travelled to afghanistan . 
   it 's petty revenge . 
  no , it 's is n't revenge . 
  it 's retribution , which is a valid penological basis even in germany . 
  it is the way that society indicates that a particular crime is bad . 
   yeah well , you are not supposed to let them rot in prison . 
  you should try to help them get decent humans again . 
  sure , you killed three children by burning their house down around them , but a bit of therapy and you 'll be just like anyone else ? 
  there are far more rehabilitation programs in the us justice system than the german media will ever let you know about - but its actual effectiveness is limited to certain types of criminals . 
  if someone above the age of 16 or so is a violent criminal , rehabilitative programs are just not very effective . 
  nor are they effective at all with people who are n't wholeheartedly committed to them . 
  the most effective type of rehabilitative programs are those that focus on drugs and addiction , and even with committed participants they 're only effective about 1/3 of the time . 
  ( the effectiveness rate of very expensive residential drug and alcohol treatment programs for non-criminals ( like the betty ford clinic and the like ) is not tremendously better , despite the almost unlimited amount of money available ) . 
   also , calling potential innocent civilians `` human trash '' is horrifying . 
  no , it is n't . 
  ignoring the fact that these convicted murders have killed someone 's child is horrifying . 
  pretending that the convicted murderer is the * real * victim is horrifying . 
  i 've talked to the parents of people who have been murdered . 
  the people who murdered them were human trash . 
  the fact that you are unable to see this is horrifying . 
   while being dead is not unpleasant the actual dying might be , however . 
  it 's cheaper , but not a lot cheaper . 
  but that 's really just an argument from convenience . 
  i do n't think any dp opponents would change their mind if the dp were less expensive than incarceration ... and i 'm sure in places other than the us the dp * is * cheaper , probably substantially so . 
   death penalties are morally unjustifiable ( do n't start with the ` morals are subjective ' garbage ) and revenge killings help nobody . 
  the dp will never be outlawed if the best argument opponents can come up with is this stupid . 
  `` the dp is wrong because i think the dp is wrong '' is not going to convince anyone who does n't already believe this . 
   there is no evidence that capital punishment deters crime sure there is . 
  there 's no evidence that capital punishment deters crime * more than incarceration does * ( which may be what you meant to say anyway ) . 
  yes , you could . 
  you could reserve it for cases of genocide . 
  or cases where the person killed more than 10 people . 
  or more than 100 or 1000 people . 
   i remember more than one american poster quoting a certain politician saying america did n't have allies , only interests . 
  that was lord palmerston . 
  being a subject-matter expert does n't help with most policy decisions . 
  if you have a finite sum of money , how much do you spend on space travel , health care , roads , and law enforcement ? 
  it 's a metric year . 
  because it 's a horrible idea ? 
  it hurts consumers and allows domestic producers of non-competitive goods an artificial advantage . 
  if people in the us want to buy toyotas instead of fords , it 's * bad * to increase the prices of toyotas until people are forced to buy a fords . 
  because no one gets the car that they want , and ford is n't forced to improve its cars ( or pricing structure , or efficiency , or anything ) because of the tariff . 
  in fact , the better the foreign competition gets , the * less * the protected domestic manufacturers need to do . 
  at the risk of being repetitive , it 's a horrible idea . 
   our labor participation rate is the same is what is was during the 70 's , hardly a good economic time for the us . 
  labor participation rate does not matter . 
  retired people are not unemployed . 
  people in school are not unemployed . 
  stay at home parents are not unemployed . 
   it 's also important to note that the us does not count those people who have stopped looking for jobs towards its unemployment rate no country counts people who are not looking for work as unemployed . 
  the international definition of unemployed ( as established by the un 's ilo ) only includes people looking for work . 
  there is no `` conspiracy '' to make the numbers look better than they are . 
  all languages change ; it 's not like french has n't changed and is n't still constantly changing . 
   the usa is not the cultural centre of the world . 
  the usa is the pop cultural centre of the world . 
  please learn the difference of course it is - the us is the most important center for art , literature , and music of all sorts . 
   please learn the difference your attempt to condescend just shows you have no fucking idea what you are talking about . 
  it 's not like french literature or painting is sweeping the world . 
  nor is it the case that europe is producing mozart-level classical compositions while the us produces lady gaga . 
   the us had no culture or history of its own 200 years ago because it did not even exist as a country . 
  neither did germany . 
  and the us has existed as a country for 239 years . 
  or - le in the south .
