  they called themselves allies . 
  postwar germany was administered by the `` allied control council '' consisting of the us , ussr , france , and the uk . 
   and cold war , is the perfect example of american imperialism being implemented on the old continent lol this makes no sense . 
   their supply lines where better than anything their opponents had to offer . 
  the moment they became shit is when they went too far into russia . 
  that 's when they could n't keep up . 
  germany 's biggest problem is that they did n't switch to a war economy until stalingrad . 
  this was incredibly stupid and shortsighted . 
  the ussr immediately went to a war economy , britain had been on a war economy since the fall of france , and the us switched to a war economy within a month of pearl harbor ( in jan , 42 ) . 
  you do realize that germany declared war on the us ? 
  december 11 , 1941 ? 
   if you compare income inequality before and after taxes and transfers , you will see that inequality in the us before taxes and transfers is about the same as in germany and france . 
  but while taxes and transfers in germany and france reduce income inequality to a gini of about .29 , the us ends up with a gini of about .39 . 
  this is true - although for whatever reason the linked map is giving the us a gini of about .45 . 
   for example , the tv shows characters not being depicted as having or going to jobs , but having no financial worries and often leading lavish lifestyles . 
  what tv show does n't show characters going to jobs ? 
  a lot of tv shows are * about * jobs . 
  it 's true that tv shows tend not to show people worrying about bills much - but that 's not really unique to us tv shows . 
   the lowest income you need to afford the rent on a modest 2 bedroom in the usa : image , source . 
  you are illiterate . 
  either you did n't read the source you linked , or you did n't understand it . 
  the source shows the wages needed to rent a two bedroom apartment * while only spending 30 % of your income on it . 
  * it 's * not * the lowest income you need to afford the rent . 
  it is also relevant that the median family income in the us ( relevant because we are talking about two-bedroom apartments ) is $ 72,000 / year . 
  this has nothing to do with american `` escapism '' and everything to do with your desire to depict the us as some sort of hellhole . 
  it 's kind of telling that you do n't point out how much you need to afford a similar apartment in europe while only spending 30 % of your income . 
  yes , that 's the proposal in the us , although the only change * right now * has been wrt mobile . 
  but the op is really about the eu , and the claim that the eu has strict net neutrality . 
  it does n't , by a long shot . 
  to clear things up a bit : 1 . 
  germany has a provision to allow other countries to conduct votes in germany , outside of embassies and consulates . 
  this is primarily what merkel will stop . 
  technically , germany could also prevent voting inside turkish consulates and the embassy . 
  but germany is not willing to do this because it would be a huge disruption to the principle of the inviolability of diplomatic missions . 
  however , this is much less convenient for voters : consulates and embassies are n't located everywhere , and tend to be fairly small . 
  germany has admitted that it could do nothing about voting by mail . 
  this is how many foreigners living in germany vote . 
  but turkey , interestingly , declared in 2008 that voting by mail is unconstitutional . 
   turkey could easily work around this by allowing postal voting tho . 
  interestingly , postal voting was found to be unconstitutional in turkey in 2008 . 
   these maps are useless if you take out the desire to stroke your ego . 
  no ; it really depends on what you want to measure . 
  russia and australia have about the same gdp despite russia 's much larger population . 
  that means that russians will tend to be poorer . 
  but it also means that the russia produces as much as australia , which is useful information for many purposes , population notwithstanding . 
  ppp gdp per capita makes sense as a measurement , as gdp per capita is a rough approximation ( very rough , but still ) of wages . 
  ppp gdp by itself is a pointless measure , as gdp is supposed to be a measure of all of a country 's output , and a country does n't produce * more * because its poor . 
  well , marie curie did * speak * french , and vercingetorix did n't speak a germanic language ( even though the `` rix '' is in his name is etymologically related to the german word `` reich '' ) ... so there is that . 
  but you 'll always have french fries , french dressing , and lipton french onion soup mix . 
  i 'm glad they at least waited until after the election . 
  but less famous than crocodile dundee . 
  do n't forget the 2 million wp troops on the german border ... that 's going to have provided something of a disincentive for adventuring . 
  itt : people who do n't understand that net neutrality has to apply to isps and mobile providers . 
  despite recent net neutrality stories , op does n't seem to understand this fundamental point . 
  the trump fcc is getting a lot of flak from net neutrality supporters for rolling back obama 's prohibition on zero rating by mobile providers . 
  but that 's not prohibited by the eu ( which is only focused on isps ) and is practiced by many countries in the eu . 
  but if op wrote `` trump 's fcc lowering net neutrality to eu levels '' , he would probably get much less karma . 
  umm , tell that to vw . 
   fool yourself to think there are us bases in europe to protect europe , but i think we both know those american bases are in europe for us interests only , and nothing else . 
  things can have more than one cause . 
  the us is protecting europe because it 's in the interests of the us to protect europe . 
  that does n't mean that the us is n't protecting europe . 
  i hate these ignorant anti-american posts in / r/europe . 
  first you start with a strawman argument ( `` americans think they are more free than everyone else . '' ), 
  then there is a lazy attempt to knock this down ( `` i studied their federal laws in university '' ) with a conclusory statement ( `` they are n't '' ) . 
  and then there is complete bullshit `` most of them live in poverty , some in third world conditions '' . 
  this is troll-level stupid . 
  median household income in the us is $ 58k . 
  that 's the * median * . 
  earning $ 20k puts you in the bottom 20 % . 
  there 's a lot to complain about in the us , but the idea that most people live in poverty is just idiotic . 
   in the us the federal rules are the minimum standard , but the states are free to pass stricter rules . 
  this varies depending on the legislation . 
  sometimes the federal law controls completely ; other times it is a floor . 
  google `` preemption '' for more details . 
  it 's an english-language sub ... 
  this is the kind of stereotypical anti-americanism people have been noting . 
  you probably do n't even know you 're doing it . 
  imagine being raised in a country where every day elite opinion tells you that all but the richest americans live close to poverty , that they are uneducated and constantly told that they are the best country in the world , etc. 
   modern left-wing/progressivism valorizes high education , while completely ignoring that not everyone is able to join or characteristically suited to an intellectual lifestyle . 
  an american who is anti-eu on reddit is probably anti-eu just because he believes that he opposes some sort of poorly-defined `` socialism '' and is in favor of austrian economics and the gold standard , etc. 
  i would n't assume that he is socio-economically marginalized , although i would assume that he is a hs student , college student , or recent grad who is `` trying out '' various philosophies . 
  * actually * marginalized people are going to care more about things that affect them more directly - maybe immigrants or outsourcing . 
  i mean who is the `` we '' that have been warning americans about russia for years ? 
   but if the other guy is a nationalist from another country , who have no interest in our union , only stereotype , and want to destroy it without living the consequences . 
  i will have no respect for him . 
  you do n't have to have respect for anyone who is an idiot . 
  but you probably need a thicker skin . 
  this sub has a handful of rabidly anti-american posters who are ( or who claim to be ) from europe . 
  so what ? 
   work is going to dry up rapidly in the next couple of decades , no it is n't . 
   you can look at the deregulation at all costs states consistently being propped up by the money from nyc and california and other more pragmatic states . 
  income from wealthy people is being used to support poor people . 
  i 'm not sure why you think this is a bad thing . 
   that 's what we 've been telling you americans for years . 
  we 've ? 
   probably because most people in western europe do n't care much for leader who try to show that they are manly and strong leaders ( also known as dictators wan na bes ) . 
  bull . 
  shit . 
  seriously , any time an eu leader stands up to trump , / r/europe readers cream their jeans .
