  how much you have to pay each month depends on your income , too : if you owe $ 50,000 in student loans , the standard monthly payment would be $ 575 month . 
  but if you do income based repayment , how much you have to pay depends on your salary : for $ 30,000 / year , you 'll owe $ 20/month ( max ) . 
  for $ 35,000 / year , $ 60/month ( max ) . 
  even at $ 100,000 / year your payment will likely work out to be something around the mid $ 400 's . 
  ( note : these are estimates because the actual number includes your deductions and exemptions , which will vary depending on a lot of things , including retirement contributions and number of children ) . 
  obviously , it 's still problematic . 
  but it 's not the dire crisis that you might expect from reddit , where everyone is graduating with $ 100,000 in debt . 
  and this created such a huge furor in sweden that it never happened again . 
  it 's more evidence why , if the us wanted assange , they would have asked the uk to extradite him . 
   people like you are one of the reasons people like me have no confidence in governments , law , justice , integrity , or principles in leaders . 
  it 's not his fault that you are a conspiracy theorist . 
  you 're a conspiracy theorist with no critical thinking abo, 
   tbh it seems like the only people spewing bullshit are the ones claiming there 's no political dimension to the issue . 
  the dishonesty of assange supporters is frankly appalling . 
   hen this prosecutor was replaced ( at the behest of the us it seems ) nope . 
  there 's zero evidence for this . 
  the * only reason * that the entire us-extradition fairy tale exists is because assange needs some excuse for not returning to sweden other than the obvious - that he does n't want to face rape charges . 
  it 's much easier to extradite people from the uk . 
  if the us * really * wanted to extradite someone , they would do it while they were in the uk . 
  it 's pretty common . 
  why would they wait for that person to go to sweden to extradite them , where extradition is more difficult ? 
  they would n't . 
  assange just does n't want to go to sweden because he wants to avoid rape charges . 
  he does n't want to admit this ( and his supporters do n't want to believe it ) , so this entirely bizarre swedish extradition story was created . 
  english has easy grammar . 
  but stupid spelling . 
  the german spelling reform - as one would stereotypically expect - was adopted very quickly , with most publishers falling in line immediately . 
   french spelling actually has rules . 
  so does english - and a lot of french rules are pretty arbitrary . 
  what 's the the rule for s\u00fbr and sur ? 
  for ou and \u00f2u ? 
  `` cameroon to rule uk '' . 
  [ mandatory monty python ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7xad5rl0n2e ), 
  to capture snowden how ? 
   i think we can let him off for not counting the mail as a legitimate news source . 
  so you 're saying they made it up ? 
  the willingness of posters in / r/europe to ignore facts because they dislike the editorial stance of the paper presenting the facts is very bizarre to me . 
   the methodology used is weighting research output and citations disproportionately . 
  that 's how research quality is determined - research output and citations . 
  not game-show like math competitions . 
   university of waterloo which is one of the best eng/math/cs / physics school in north-america . 
  academically it is n't . 
  but in terms of preparing students practically for good-paying tech jobs , it is . 
   and yet despite that fact eu is the place with best quality of life not the eu . 
  some countries in the eu . 
  and if you look at the hdi reports ( i 'm assuming that 's what you are referring to ) , the differences are pretty small . 
  europe and canada and the us all have a very high hdi . 
  norway may get bragging rights for having the top score - but , again , we 're talking about tiny differences overall ... and ones which may or may not be important to a particular individual . 
  but none of this is particularly relevant except as a case of whataboutism . 
  no one is arguing that germany should give up its healthcare system to have a better startup ecosystem , or even that the us has a better startup system because of its healthcare system . 
  how long are you going to be there ? 
  not because they are germans , but because they started the war . 
  if johann punches ivan , and then ivan punches him back , no one is going to very sympathetic when johann complains about his black eye . 
   the problem is a democracy is n't possible without the capitalism . 
  i do n't know if this is true or not - but it 's clearly the case that when given the choice , voters tend to want many things that only capitalism seems to be able to give them . 
  a good job , a high standard of living , nice things to buy , money to buy them with . 
  although people * also * vote for things that moderate capitalism 's excesses : old age pensions , welfare , health care , civil rights laws , laws against anti-competitive behavior , etc. 
   the more in debt it is , because people invest in it , so debt is a measurement of trust . 
  stock is n't debt . 
  have you ever heard of refinancing a mortgage to get a lower interest rate ? 
  there are two problems with these kind of statistics , though . 
  the first is that these are not independent variables : people who commit crimes are often poor because they have committed crimes . 
  the other problem with the poverty correlation is that there 's not a very good causal connection . 
  if 1 % of europeans commit crimes , and 5 % of non europeans commit crimes , you have non-euros committing crimes at 5 times the rate of euros - but this means that 95 % of non-euros are law-abiding , vs. 99 % of euros . 
  add a 20 % euro poverty rate and a 50 % non-euro rate ( or use whatever numbers apply ) , and you 'll still find out that the * vast majority * of people living in poverty are law abiding citizens . 
  so if only 5 or 10 % of people * in poverty * commit crimes , poverty itself is n't a great explanation for criminality . 
   when corrected for background and living conditions the differences between natives and immigrants are within 2 % . 
  while i 'm a little skeptical of this kind of adjustment ( because there are * so many factors * you could apply to get whatever results you want ) , even if we assume that it is true , why does it matter ? 
  if someone is robbing me at knife point , i do n't really care that they are poorly educated and had a bad home life . 
  this varies a lot in the us . 
  in about 1/3 of states , there is a reasonable mistake of age defense available ( at least in some circumstances ) ; in about 2/3 of the states there is not . 
   sexual abuse of minors does not equal rape . 
  section 176 vs. 177 . 
  it 's not called rape in most places in the us , either - but it 's hard to know the precise terminology to use in all cases . 
  child molesting ? 
  sexual misconduct with a minor ? 
  lewd and lascivious behavior with a minor ? 
  as a general term for unlawful sexual contact , rape is a good a term as any , i think . 
  it was n't actually `` unconfirmed . '', 
  she confirmed it . 
  she was just lying . 
   reddit does n't care a single bit about women and never have . 
  people reporting on the sexual assaults are a lot more concerned about women than you are , who are happy to throw women under the bus if doing so means that something negative about migrants wo n't be reported . 
  `` age of consent '' has one meaning in english - it is the age below which sex with a child becomes a crime , even in the absence of any force or with the consent of the child . 
  i do n't see a meaningful distinction between german law , uk law , or us law in this area . 
  as opposed to , say , sweden ? 
   rather watching people who ca n't afford healthcare die oh , grow up . 
  people who ca n't afford healthcare do n't die ; hospitals are required to treat them . 
  which is inefficient and part of the reason the us spends far more on healthcare than europe . 
   there is zero ability to discharge student loans in bankruptcy , unlike any other kind of debt . 
  it never goes away unless it is either paid in full or forgiven . 
   true - but it 's significant that your payments are based in income and can be very low . 
  who is `` we '' ? 
   americans need to shop around and take a personal finance class . 
  there is no excuse to be in so much debt . 
  and no excuse to be majoring in useless art degrees . 
  this is reddit 's favorite scold , but it 's rare that the people you hear about with a lot of debt actually spent the money on a liberal arts degree . 
  these loans are guaranteed by the government . 
  the lenders have no risk of default . 
   and that 's something europeans understand , since only a portion of the population actually attend the universities and others instead pursue various trades .
