  eventually , yes . 
  when the tech will be ready is the big question ... russian tanks began using autoloaders in the 60 's , but aside from a tendency to sometimes castrate the gunner , they did n't generally improve the efficiency of the tank itself . 
   killing western soldiers is a step to a nuclear war . 
  or even regular war . 
  both . 
  however , the * election results * did depend on trump carrying swing states with a large white working class population - like ohio , pennsylvania , michigan - that had previously voted for obama and that hillary had expected to win . 
  the us has always done * some * desert training in the us and was able to add specialized filters and other desert-specific equipment to its armored vehicles in desert storm . 
  and afterwards made a lot of modifications ( including training modifications ) based on experiences in that action . 
  although the climate in mali is different ; the primary issue in iraq was very fine sand , not corrosion . 
  from nasa 's press release :  `` the seven wonders of trappist-1 are the first earth-size planets that have been found orbiting this kind of star , '' said michael gillon , lead author of the paper and the principal investigator of the trappist exoplanet survey at the university of liege , belgium . 
  `` it is also the best target yet for studying the atmospheres of potentially habitable , earth-size worlds . '', 
  and i do n't know why you would expect a nasa press release to not mention the nasa telescope used in the discovery . 
  nasa is n't the news media , and * of course * their press releases are primarily * about nasa * . 
  would you expect a microsoft press release to focus primarily on an apple product ? 
  is the esa unable to issue its own press releases ? 
  it is n't rocket science . 
  edit : [ link ] ( https://www.nasa.gov/press-release/nasa-telescope-reveals-largest-batch-of-earth-size-habitable-zone-planets-around ) to press release . 
   us tax policy is onerous in general . 
  marginal income tax on a german making $ 55,000 is 42 % . 
  marginal income tax on an american making $ 55,000 is 25 % . 
  the top us rate is 39 % , which kicks in at $ 420,000 . 
  that 's not very onerous . 
   `` effective tax rates '' come through the use of tax havens , which the us has as well . 
  not for individuals . 
  political compass is mostly a tool/website designed to convince ( or trick ) people into thinking that they are actually libertarians . 
  why would people who voted for le pen in the first round abstain in the second ? 
  yes ... but the euro is now only as high as it was a month ago . 
   swedes blew up the traintracks ahead of the german trains . 
  they also sold huge amounts of iron ore and steel to germany . 
  the us never attempted to make germany a pastoral state . 
  although the idea was considered . 
   60 milions dead 20 million dead . 
  60 million is the total number of deaths in wwii . 
  the population of the ussr at the beginning of wwii was only 160 million . 
   i 'm interjecting as an informed american . 
  you are n't an informed american . 
  you 're a crackpot from the_donald . 
  i 'd vote for the browncoats ... 
  switzerland should be swiss army knives/swiss watches/swiss cheese . 
  and maybe `` swiss family robinson '' , if you want to go old school . 
  $ 400,000 per year to run a lab with a handful of assistants and post-docs is n't that much money . 
  all it takes is for them to not be lunatics . 
   this is just `` the winner takes it all , fuck everyone else '' . 
  it 's not even democratic . 
  i do n't think you understand democracy . 
  the point of democracy is that the majority rules , * and that the minority is bound by the majority 's ruling * . 
  this principle is n't changed in the least by not having a fptp system . 
  it would be interesting to see how this compares to other countries . 
  while 30 % - and even 70 % - seems low , many weapons systems , especially aircraft , require substantial maintenance . 
  i would n't be surprised if us military aircraft were at something like 80 % readiness . 
  not due to lack of spare parts , but simply due to the fact that maintenance is constant and time consuming ... after a relatively small number of flight hours , the engines on many fighters need to be significantly overhauled . 
  this is , of course , something that you build into your planning . 
  if you estimate that you will need 100 aircraft for some purpose , you do n't send 100 aircraft ; you send 120 ( or whatever ) so that you will have the requisite number even accounting for required maintenance . 
  there is also an argument to be made that it was lost when germany invaded the ussr without switching to a war economy ... which it did n't do until after stalingrad . 
  and a year after even the us switched to a war economy . 
  current home of the barcelona fertility center ? 
  things * have * improved dramatically in germany , though : the first time i lived there ( in the 80 's ) , stores had to close at 6:30 every day , at 12:30 on saturdays ( except 1 day per month , and before xmas ) , and entirely on sunday . 
  since i worked 9-5 and did not have a hausfrau to do the shopping , this was pretty-to-extremely inconvenient ... especially given that i liked to go out on friday and sleep in on saturday . 
  this . 
  it may be an opinion that some people hold , but it 's not really what students are taught . 
  having said that , much of postwar history in the west * is * about `` the oppressed '' obtaining some sort of freedom : decolonization ; civil rights for blacks in the us ; civil rights for women and gays more recently ; i 'm sure that there are other examples . 
  so the `` heros '' of the postwar historical narrative are , by and large , people who were oppressed by first world countries ; and to the extent that people want to identify with a hero , it 's sort of understandable that they might identify with victims of western oppression . 
  but things are a lot more complicated than that , since in most post-colonial states , freedom from western oppression did not translate into freedom from oppression in general ... and in some cases , the non-western oppression was worse . 
  ( in other cases , not at all ) . 
   the only difference is that europe was the first civilization to decide oppression was unethical at the same time as they happened to be the dominant cultural power around the world . 
  `` europe '' did no such thing . 
  * some * countries in europe decided that * some * forms of oppression were unethical . 
  but not most countries , and typically only those forms of oppression that did n't affect them that much . 
  the uk decided that slavery was bad and took steps to stamp it out beginning in the first half of the 19th century . 
  this did n't stop britain from denying most civil rights to people who lived in colonies such as india or south africa . 
  and of course belgium has an extremely bloody history in the 19th century in the congo ; france fought bloody colonial wars into the 1960 's ; and of course germany 's oppression in the 1930 's -40 's needs no further elaboration . 
   how about this : every single briton already lost 15 % of the value of their assets and 15 point more of devaluation are expected . 
  and every european has already lost 25 % of the value of their assets ( in dollar terms ) . 
  do you see how stupid this argument is ? 
   i 'm saying that the us certainly were n't allies during that conflict . 
  and you are both wrong and unable to even read the document from the daily mail that you posted , which was about a contingency plan to rescue falkland islanders from argentinian occupation . 
  the us supplied weapons to the british troops . 
  the us allowed britain to use its ascension island airbase . 
  the us supplied satellite intelligence to the uk . 
  reagan came out publicly in favor of the uk and imposed sanctions on argentina . 
  thatcher said `` without the harrier jets and their immense manoeuvrability , equipped as they were with the latest version of the sidewinder missile , supplied to us by us secretary of defense caspar weinberger , we could never have got back the falklands . '', 
  and of course there was the offer of the carrier . 
  weinberger and reagan were subsequently awarded the kbe . 
  meanwhile , there 's a daily mail piece on a study about evacuating falkland islanders to scotland . 
  which is what is known as a contingency plan . 
  eisenhower had a speech prepared in case the d-day landings failed . 
  nixon had a speech prepared in case apollo 11 failed . 
  neither of which means that eisenhower/nixon wanted or expected either to fail . 
  it would be a great kafka story . 
  grad student in literature is disillusioned with critical theory and lacan , so takes a job that he imagines to be as far removed from critical theory as possible . 
  only to be assigned lacan . 
  the article jumps around from the interesting ( and established ) point that some cia analysts studied derrida , etc. , to vague intimations about what they may have done with this information . 
  it 's ultimately a sort of trivial point , as intelligence agencies all follow intellectual and cultural developments ; it 's part of what gathering intelligence means . 
   you have clearly never read him . 
  while you have read him but do not understand him . 
  i 've read discipline and punish as well as the history of madness . 
  they are interesting , and may have been more interesting when they first came out , but they are n't really world changing . 
  and they have nothing to do with physics . 
   i characterize american democracy as `` electoral dictatorship '' to my friends and family to show them how enlightened i am and how little i understand about how the systems in other countries actually work in practice . 
  no he does n't , person-who-doesn ` t-understand-what-an-executive-order-is .
