  wanting to preserve your way of life does not make you racist or fascist . 
  this is generally true , for most definitions ( but not all ) of `` preserve your way of life '' . 
  but many people who are racist or fascist claim that all they want to do is preserve their way of life , when in fact they want to do much more than that . 
  the article is complete bullshit . 
  people commit suicide for a lot of reasons , but mostly due to depression or another type of mental illness . 
  * this article * does n't even show whether suicides among farmers have increased over the past several years . 
  instead , the article says : ( 1 ) some french farmers commit suicide ; ( 2 ) eu ag policy makes it hard to be a farmer ; ( 3 ) therefore , the eu ag policy is driving farmers to commit suicide . 
   it is a fact that eu countries have much better health care system this is complicated and far from clear . 
  the us has significantly better cancer survival rates than europe , for example . 
  [ lancet oncology study ] ( http://www.ncpa.org/pub/ba596 ) . 
  if you lose your job , you are entitled to continue with your insurance for 18 months ( although you do have to pay for it ) . 
   until you get sick and your insurance cancels the contract based on some obscure rule , as i 've seen several times on reddit . 
  yes , it works great for the middle class . 
  the middle class work at places that pay 90 % of their healthcare premiums . 
  your internet knowledge is n't actual knowledge . 
  it 's better to think of this as a ranking of graduate programs , not undergrad programs . 
   i do n't get how those rankings are useful . 
  they try to rank the research output . . for bachelor and master students this is pretty useless to know . 
  yes , these kind of rankings are mostly reflections of the ph.d programs - although they are very important for that ... and ph.d programs in general are very important . 
   in addition , they all are missing the leading german research institutes : max-planck-gesellschaft , fraunhofer-gesellschaft , helmholtz-gemeinschaft , leibniz-gesellschaft . 
  because the rankings only look at universities . 
  this is relevant if you are looking a country 's scientific output as a whole - but the fact that other institutions do research in germany does n't make germany * universities * any better . 
   i totally agree that most eu member states underfund their top educational facilities ( or education in general ) , but that 's even worse in us as far as i know . 
  the us spends far more on universities than europe does . 
  like what ? 
   really dumb comment from him , but france has been germany 's closest ally for the past 60 + years . 
  including that bit where they opposed reunification ? 
  not only that , the bmw x5 was tested at the same time as the vws and was found not to be cheating . 
   ever heard about the us concentration camps for the japanese ? 
  they starved to death there just like how people starved to death in nazi camps . 
  you are a huge idiot . 
  approximately a dozen deaths occurred at the japanese internment camps due to escapes , and a handful of elderly or children died due to inadequate health care . 
  those are n't really random lines . 
   i vividly remember no you do n't . 
  bush was a supporter of a reunified germany from day 1 and helped browbeat france and the uk and russia into accepting it . 
  also , for most people a bj from kohl would be more of a threat than an inducement . 
  it 's hard to have an honest conversation with someone who keeps moving the goalposts . 
  it makes me think that all you are really interested in is * free stuff * that other people have made , and you will keep changing your arguments to try and get that result . 
  i certainly did n't propose criminalizing anything , much less a 10 year sentence . 
  * you * added that bit yourself . 
  i 'm not sure why - maybe to make yourself look like a victim . 
  meanwhile , you completely ignore the actual content of my post - which is that there will be no authors if all of their works are available for simultaneous free download at the library . 
  instead , you go on about prison sentences , etc. 
  hellhole fries !, 
   if they think he is a clown , they have every right to say it . 
  it 's not that they do n't have the right ; it 's that it may not be the most effective way for them to carry out their duties . 
  yes - gdp per capita does n't track well with actual wages ( although wages in luxembourg * are * high ) in this case because of accounting rules allowing countries to recognize profits as being made in luxembourg distort matters somewhat . 
   a medium that can be copied ad infinitum can only be copied once . 
  so your proposal is that the entire world can download an author 's book for free ? 
  sure , he spent a year writing it ... but copyright is theft , microsoft , blah , blah , blah ... 
  amazon has a program like that ... but like netflix , it wo n't necessarily have what you want . 
   so , basically we are forgoing the one benefit of digital vs. analog media ( ie . 
  near zero marginal cost of multiple copies ) . 
  no ; there are other advantages . 
  distribution is much simpler , both in terms of getting the book to the library and in terms of checking it out and returning it . 
   it 's really stupid . 
  yet another instance where technical progress is stopped by slow , anachronistic people . 
  it 's not stupid . 
  if 300 million people can all download your book legally from the public library , how are authors supposed to get paid ? 
   and btw , the marshall plan was really not that much money  and btw , the marshall plan was really not that much money $ 120 billion in 2016 dollars . 
  not a small amount . 
   they took entire factories and think about all the patents , know how etc. . . 
  the marshall plan was not primarily about * germany . 
  yes - this is why other `` marshall plans '' ( and there have been a lot ) in developing countries have never worked as well as predicted . 
  for the actual marshall plan , it was `` you ran a successful glassmaking plant before the war . 
  and you need some money to rebuild ? '', 
  or `` you ran a successful machine gun factory during the war ? 
  and now you 'd like to convert to making auto parts ? '', 
  iow , the recipients already knew how to do whatever they needed to do ; the * only thing * they were lacking was money . 
  things are much different in subsaharan africa , and while they definitely need aid , they tend to need it for more basic needs , such as clean water or basic healthcare . 
  only if the penis meets the eu standard for size , shape , and quality . 
  they are afraid of spending billions and ending up cannibalizing their own sales . 
  the ad they sent me also said '' * combover * to europe '' . 
  can we sit next to silvio ? 
   in the us the likes of california and new york have to subsidise other states every single year . 
  you ca n't really compare us states to countries in the eu . 
  everyone in the us pays the same tax rate and qualifies for the same benefits . 
  as it happens , more wealthy people live in california , and more poor people live in mississippi , so if you aggregate by state , you can identify `` donor '' states and `` receiver '' states . 
  but that 's really just statistics : a middle class person in california and mississippi pay the same federal taxes ; poor people are entitled to the same federal benefits . 
  at no point is the state of california required to appropriate more money and transfer it to mississippi . 
  it 's much closer to bavaria being a donor and schleswig-holstein being a receiver than to any sort of international arrangement . 
  to do what ? 
  yet these are the guys who run a website to correct statements made about the eu in the press . 
   every car manufacturer does this . 
  no , they do n't . 
  bmw was tested at the same time vw was and they were n't cheating . 
  beer in germany, 
   that was a condition to break in the us market . 
  the same reason why they built assembly plants in china . 
  just no . 
  the us airbus assembly plant opened in 2015 . 
  us airlines operate thousands of airbus aircraft and have been buying airbus planes since the late 70 's . 
   as long as countries did what usa wanted . 
  you mean like france did , when they pulled out of nato 's centralized command ? 
  you are completely clueless when it comes to history , even the relatively recent history of western europe . 
  we was n't under the thumb of the us during the cold war , nor did nor did they always ( or even often ) do what the us wanted . 
  yet the us somehow avoided toppling any we government for not doing their bidding , or protesting , or even running ( and electing ) parties espousing positions opposite to what the us wanted . 
  the realities of competing in the marketplace have made airbus somewhat less of a honeypot for politicians , though . 
  which is why 2 of its 3 engine suppliers are us companies , for example , and why it has an assembly plant for a319 's , 320 's , and 321 's in the us . 
   the thing is that i have had this discussion time and again in / r/europe , though ?
