  but the only way for europe to become more competitive is for its companies to ... become more competitive . 
  having cities `` apply '' to the government to receive digital hubs wo n't do that at all . 
  [ nope . 
  the idea comes from simone de beauvoir 's writings in the 40 's about woman being the `` other '' . 
  see also cixous 's '' \u00e9criture f\u00e9minine '' and `` the laugh of the medusa '' . 
   however , this theory disappeared from france in the 1970 's and 1980 's . 
  no , it did n't . 
  cixous and irigaray and kristeva were primarily active in the 70 's and 80 's . 
   long story short : it was originally french , but it got fucked by americans , so now the wrong boomerang is coming back . 
  long story short - you have no actual information , but are happy to believe that americans fucked up something french . 
   i have the impression american identity politics completely removed ` economic class ' from the analysis . 
  so does french feminism . 
   right wing protesters in america have to wear helmets and bulletproof vests , because the antifa is attacking them and throwing rocks at their heads . 
   looks like america 's progressive mental illnesses are leaking into europe . 
  are you so uneducated - or so much in the habit of just consuming american media - that you do n't really know that this is n't something from the us ? 
  simone de beauvoir ? 
  luce irigaray ? 
  anyone ? 
  anyone ? 
   i 've recently been to london , go to paris . 
  yeah , it is definitely supposed to be negative - it 's very cold and orderly , with no sign of nature and the blandness of the city is only relieved by propaganda posters . 
  [ here 's ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6p2iujucbk4 ) something similar . 
  ( especially starting at around 1:24 ) . 
  it 's one-way . 
   but why is it that the board of directors is mostly made up of germans ? 
  nasa had a lot of germans in important administrative roles throughout the ' 60 's , too . 
  what garden ? 
  in cod we trust, 
   it 's ok , reddit loves monsanto reddit users skew young and tend to be science and tech oriented . 
  since there 's no good evidence that roundup is dangerous , and anti-monsanto crusaders have the scientific knowledge of anti-vaxxers , it 's not surprising that many people on reddit have little tolerance for them . 
  she 's an american , so i do n't think isis will take her too seriously . 
  for that matter , i think her tour is the `` dangerous woman '' tour , so that 's not going to go over well , either . 
  all fish are legally british citizens . 
  because [ britannia rules the waves . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4g-sli_clxo ), 
  i 'm giving you shit back . 
  more productive than germany , less productive than norway . 
  the us is still more productive than germany on an hourly basis , though [ cite . 
  you may change your mind once you see his car . 
  a group of students from the school i taught at outside of stuttgart went on a school trip to berlin . 
  when the group of them approached the hotel desk to check in - speaking swabian among themselves - the hotel clerk spoke to them in english . 
  it was hilarious . 
   the article uses gdp per hours worked as a measure of productivity . 
  yeah , that 's how productivity is measured in economics : value/time . 
  with `` value '' being measured in money . 
  if a greek and a german work just as hard , but the german ( due to working on a computerized assembly line ) produces something worth $ 5000 at the end of 8 hours , and the greek ( again , working just as hard ) produces something worth $ 500 , the german is ten times as productive as the greek . 
  not because he works harder , but just because his work produces more value ( measured in money ) . 
   the government still ca n't force you to touch someone though . 
  they are n't . 
  they are giving them the choice of touching or paying . 
   sucks to have to wait years to learn lessons like these !, 
  in 1968 an unmanned russian zond spacecraft circled the far side of the moon and returned to earth . 
  the entry into the atmosphere was perfect , as was the initial parachute deployment . 
  but three miles up , the parachutes unexpectedly detached from the capsule and the capsule plummeted to the ground at 300 mph , destroying itself and creating a large crater . 
  the problem was traced to a faulty rubber gasket . 
  when it leaked , it allowed more air into the capsule than expected , which made the air pressure sensors believe that the capsule was at ground level , which caused the computer to detach the parachutes too early . 
  `` the schiaparelli mission was almost a complete success '' . 
  - this sub , last year . 
  apparently not . 
  because there 's no other explanation for why a * press release * from nasa , talking about a discovery made with a nasa telescope , should get so many people 's panties in a bunch . 
  i do n't understand why the university was n't able to issue its own press release . 
  is handshaking actually common in swiss schools ? 
  i taught at a german gymnasium for a year and do n't remember anything like that . 
  particularly given that it was completely destroyed in 1944 . 
  but you 're `` battle-hardened ! '', 
  omafietsen are pretty massive ; i 'd for one to fall on me . 
  it means both . 
  from dictionary.com . 
  1 . a specialist in linguistics . 
  2 . a person who is skilled in several languages ; polyglot . 
   germany has bad cuisine but still better than the uk than the native cuisine , sure - but indian restaurants make all the difference . 
   the number of words issued from greek that you 'll find in romance languages is not that low . 
  that 's vocabulary . 
  it 's not the same as being the `` root '' of a language . 
  and it 's * far , far * easier to learn a bunch of greek and latin roots than it is to learn how to conjugate greek verbs . 
  germany ? 
   ied 's were made in afghanistan and by the is by literal children . 
  yes , but they were often made from artillery shells or another pre-existing explosive that was available . 
  not really . 
  plus , learning latin takes four times as long as learning french , so you do n't come out ahead . 
   because latin and ancient greek are the main roots of west-european languages no . 
  not at all . 
  latin is the root of romance languages , but it 's not the root of germanic languages or slavic languages or any other non-romance languages . 
  greek is n't the root of any western-european language . 
  it 's too incoherent to be propaganda . 
  it 's more like a college paper that you put off until the last night and then stayed up all night writing it , based on whatever you found on google . 
  it definitely has an impact ; bankruptcy is almost scandalous in much of europe ( germany , for example ) ; business bankruptcy is seen as more of a learning experience in sv . 
  this bit from the article kind of demonstrates the different culture :  having spoken to european founders extensively ( i live here , after all ) , i feel as though there 's a different mindset . 
  people here have a laser-focus on revenue , and building scalable and profitable companies . 
  european tech companies focus on the bottom line , and try to avoid the excesses of their american counterparts . 
   startups that burn money for the sake of burning money -- say , clinkle -- are frowned upon here . 
  it 's written by a law professor in barcelona . 
  the idea that it would be used to support american intervention is insane . 
  these statistics do n't mean what you think they mean . 
  the bay area is a city , though . 
  compare london and , say , rural romania . 
  american copyright law was more relaxed than european copyright until the 70 's , when it was changed to be the same . 
  americans do n't know this - mostly blaming disney - but europeans should know better . 
  if the us wanted to extradite him , they would have asked the uk . 
  it 's * delusional * , literally delusional , to think the us wanted assange to leave the uk and go to sweden so he could be extradited from * sweden * .
