  iow : all cows are animals . 
  all animals are not cows . 
  lebensraum the size of a living room !, 
  [ citation needed ], 
  you can find out on the internet . 
  this bomb sounds like the `` pressure cooker bomb '' that was used by the boston marathon bomber in the us , and has also been used in terrorist attacks in india and other places . 
  those bombs ( there were two in the boston bombing ) only killed 2-3 people , but injured over 250 - seventeen so seriously that they needed to have one or more limbs amputated . 
  most of the injuries came from the nails that were added to the bomb , and not from the explosion itself . 
  this bomb killed the builder , and `` only '' injured 10-15 - but would likely have harmed far more if he had been able to enter the crowded venue . 
  [ pressure cooker bomb ] ( http://www.thedailybeast.com/articles/2013/04/16/al-qaeda-s-recipe-for-pressure-cooker-bombs.html ), 
   some guy in the us took down a whole building years ago with this explosive mixture . 
  true , although he had several tons in a truck . 
   this is bad . 
  yep . 
   there have been so many attacks lately that the public opinion will soon turn towards the right wing ( afd etc ) . 
  that 's not actually why it 's bad . 
  it 's bad because people are being killed and injured , some of them seriously . 
  it 's not bad to release pictures of the victims . 
  there are pictures of the victims at the impromptu memorial outside the shopping center now . 
  parents/survivors want their loved ones to be remembered . 
  they want people to know who they were . 
  that 's also why there are photos at funerals . 
  how do voters in sweden select a party 's leader ? 
  yep - kind of a clickbait article , given that the key quote is `` we face a sad moment of uncertainty '' . 
  both of them ? 
  that 's ... surprising , actually . 
  right . 
  it 's not like we 've cured mental illness and all we have to do is treat it . 
  treatment fails a lot of mentally ill people . 
  it 's not for lack of trying ; it 's because we do n't have a cure . 
  could n't she have found a way to distinguish between the minority of actual refugees and the majority economic migrants ? 
  they are - i 've linked the actual comments . 
  the linked article is being deliberately dishonest . 
  if you read the actual us response in context , it 's clear that they are not saying that arresting 50,000 people is reasonable . 
  you can tell that the linked article is being dishonest because of what it paraphrases , and what it puts in quotes . 
  the us does n't say that the post-coup crackdown is `` reasonable '' . 
  the us says that it is reasonable for turkey to investigate following the coup . 
  not that it 's reasonable to violate the rule of law . 
  here 's the most relevant statement ( and this is an answer to a question from the press , not a prepared statement ) :  mr kirby : i 'm not in a position to be able to characterize that , dave . 
  i mean , i think any democratic government that faced what they faced just a few days ago -- and let 's be mindful of the calendar here , this was n't that long ago -- you can understand that they have a responsibility to investigate . 
  they have a responsibility to hold those who are responsible for it to account . 
  it 's also reasonable to expect that they do n't have perfect information . 
  again , i 'm not justifying every decision that they 're making and i 'm not -- or defending it , but i -- what i 'm saying is that it 's -- i think it should be reasonable to anybody to understand that they would have to do -- to investigate and to look as widely as they feel they need to to try to get better information , more specific information about who was responsible and how they were able to get that far in their planning . 
   so again , we 've made clear our condemnation of the attempt , but we 've also made clear -- and the secretary was clear about this -- about our concern about the rule of law going forward and due process . 
  those concerns on both sides of the ledger remain valid today , as they did yesterday , and they will remain valid again going forward tomorrow . 
   question : he said he was concerned that the rule of law be respected . 
  he did n't say that he was concerned that the rule of law is not being respected . 
  which is it ? 
   mr kirby : he said --  question : no , he did n't . 
  i --  mr kirby : elise , he also said in his answer to you that we 're watching this closely , that we 're in touch with turkish authorities , and that we 're going to work through diplomatic channels to make sure that we better understand what they 're doing and why they 're doing it . 
   question : well , if you do n't have concerns about what they 're doing , then why would you need better information ? 
   mr kirby : i did n't say we did n't have concerns . 
  i said -- i 've said numerous times in my exchange with you today that we 're obviously concerned about what 's going on . 
  they do have a responsibility to hold those responsible to account , as you --  question : do n't they have a responsibility to do an investigation before they know who 's responsible , before detaining 50,000 people ? 
   mr kirby : and i believe that they are investigating . 
  and again , the how and the process , obviously , we 're watching very closely . 
   and , for more context , here 's a link to the entire press conference : http://www.state.gov/r/pa/prs/dpb/2016/07/260371.htm, 
   but reddit told me from minute 1 that this was an islamistic attack i do n't read either of those subs , and i stay out of / r/worldnews as well . 
  but within the past month , there was an isis based attack in orlando , killing 50 , an isis-backed attack in nice , killing 84 , an isis based axe attack in germany , wounding 4 . 
  so you do n't have to be a racist to suspect that this latest attack , carried out by an german-iranian , might also be an islamic attack . 
   speaking in new york , the new uk foreign secretary said he `` expected '' that passporting would be maintained , because there was such a close relationship of mutual economic dependency between the uk and the eurozone that it was `` manifestly in the interests of our [ eu ] friends to continue with a good relationship '' , with the uk . 
  of course bojo might be wrong . 
  but economics is not a zero-sum game , and he could be correct that removing passporting from the uk would harm the eu . 
  of course it would harm the uk * more * ... but that 's where the eu will need to decide to what extent ( if any ) it is willing to harm its own economic growth to punish the uk * or * to deter other countries from leaving . 
  it 's an issue that goes beyond passporting and implicates all trade between the eu and the uk . 
   this seems to suggest that countries like the us do n't have internal transfers while in reality they have quite a lot . 
   the us * does n't * have internal transfers in any meaningful sense of the term . 
  at least 80 % of income taxation is federal , but everyone in the country pays on the same terms and the money is spent by congress . 
  if you track the money , you can calculate how much money is collected by people who live in california ( much ) and how much is spent on people who live in california ( less ) , and compare that to how much is collected by people who live in miss. 
  ( less ) and how much is spent on people who live in miss. 
  ( more ) ... and you can call that an transfer . 
  but it 's not an internal transfer in the eu sense . 
  california is n't assessed a specific fee to pay to the us based on its gdp , and that money is n't transferred to states with lower gdps . 
  the kind of transfers that occur in the us are no different from the kind of `` internal transfers '' that occur in , say , germany between l\u00e4nder . 
  unfortunately , you ca n't win wars by being a defensive porcupine . 
  what 's your point ? 
  do you have one ? 
  the us was n't involved in the iran-iraq war . 
  why do you think it was ? 
   sadly it is a lesson the us still has to learn , war is not the answer . 
  the us learned in wwii that sometimes war is the answer . 
  this was reinforced by the war in south korea . 
  what if you want to work on a maple syrup farm ? 
  the problem with opsec is you have to be perfect 100 % of the time . 
  make a dumb mistake one time in a 1000 and you can be easily caught . 
  the eu is very different from the eec , and by design . 
  tariffs are placed by importing countries , not exporting countries . 
  presumably that 's the height of mr centre pompidou ? 
  the cia 's coups mostly ( all ? ), 
  succeeded , though . 
  neither was iran . 
  turkey ? 
  there have been * hundreds * of coups since the 50 's . 
  the cia was involved in a handful . 
  the cia had no involvement in previous turkish coups , for example . 
  hard to sail there , though . 
  if you are leaving , then why introduce the other guy to the exit ? 
   not that spectacular actually . 
  yes , but the original story was that 21 people were injured . 
  that 's news .
