  it pays more than other factories . 
  by chinese standards , it 's a * good job * paying a living wage . 
  and foxconn had a lower suicide rate than china as a whole . 
  the government requiring people to work for benefits is a lot of things . 
  but capitalism ai n't one . 
  have you ever actually been to ireland ? 
  buses there are fast , frequent , inexpensive , and have wi-fi . 
  they are also pretty comfortable . 
  it 's the * same * for everyone , but it does n't mean the same thing for everyone . 
  if country a has 70 % workforce participation rate , with 25 % of the non-workers in college , it 's much better off than country b with the same workforce participation rate , but 10 % of the relevant population in college and 15 % looking for jobs . 
   if you tailor it to 25-54 you get rid of those distortions . 
  no , you do n't . 
  there are still a lot of people who are either in grad school or who go back to school during in that age range . 
  senatvspopvlvsqveevropae if you 're going old school , go all the way . 
   and as i said , the `` you can eat as much fat as you want and wo n't get fat '' claim that many keto-supporters do is plain wrong . 
  strawman argument . 
  ketogenic diets do n't let you eat as much fat as you want . 
  in a ketogenic diet , you determine the the number of calories you need to maintain your weight , and then eat at a deficit to lose weight - typically a deficit of 10-20 % below your maintenance calorie level . 
  for the ketogenic part , you choose your carb level first ( usually 20-25 grams of carbs , sometimes as many as 50 ) , and then fill the rest of your allowed calories out with fats and proteins . 
  ( there are minimum and maximum protein levels . ), 
  but it 's a calorie-aware diet . 
  no , it is n't . 
  * eating * a fruit is different from eating an equivalent amount of sugar , because of fiber , etc. 
  but drinking apple juice or orange juice is not much better than drinking soda . 
  it did n't help , but that 's a tremendous oversimplification . 
  the gdp is a useful and accurate measure of how much money a country has . 
  what 's stupid is pretending it 's something it 's not . 
  the us tried two bear stearns executives and they were acquitted . 
  the real problem is that a lot of what the caused the 2008 collapse was reckless behavior , not criminal behavior . 
  you ca n't just round up bankers and jail them because the stock market collapses . 
  these bankers , on the other hand , committed actual fraud ( unrelated to the 2008 collapse ) . 
  that 's clearly criminal . 
  using the employment rate is silly . 
  the employment rate includes people in school , retired people , stay at home parents , and disabled people . 
  it does n't help you answer the most important question you want the unemployment rate to answer : how many people looking for jobs ca n't find them ? 
  that does n't mean that the ilo 's methodology is perfect ... but it 's much better than lumping in retirees and college students wth people who have been laid off and are actually looking for work . 
  there 's a lot of sub-sub-sub-letting in stockholm . 
  i.e. , you get an apartment but without a lease , and you 're renting it from someone else who also does n't have a lease ; he may be renting it from the person who has the lease ... or there could be a couple of other lease-less people in between . 
  i always like these rankings , but , yeah , the attempt to come up with a specific number is dubious . 
  because of course they are right that there is more to life than gdp - but how do you quantify that ? 
  is gdp 50 % of your ranking ? 
  you can have my leitzordner when you pry it from my cold , dead , hands . 
  atheists are n't as bad . 
  / r/atheism is just as bad . 
  the terrorist in ansbach was n't . 
  that 's true in germany . 
  but it 's usually harder to change the constitutions in other countries . 
  there 's often a referendum requirement , or a requirement that two successive parliaments approve the change , with a general election being held between . 
   just blindly enact it . 
  this is a strawman argument . 
  no one is saying that a representative should just blindly enact laws based on public opinion . 
  the argument is that representatives should consider the wishes of their constituents in enacting laws . 
  the argument is n't that that 's the only thing that they should consider , or that it 's the most important factor . 
  constituents do n't have as much information as a legislator , in many cases , and they may be wrong . 
  but the idea that their opinion should n't be at least listened to is ridiculous . 
  condescension is not actually a substitute for an answer , or even an explanation as to why you think his analogy is wrong . 
  your r/conspiracy level understanding of economics is not very convincing . 
  and your pose as a `` wise man '' who is instructing students is simply delusional . 
  yeah ... but the fact that people use the 2008 mortgage-backed security snafu to basically disregard anything a rating agency says that they disagree with is also disturbing . 
  although not baffling . 
  the euro has lost a quarter of its value against the dollar in the last 18 months . 
  that may not be a crisis , but you ca n't say that the euro has n't been affected on world markets . 
  the article 's title is a little sensational . 
  it can be seen from a million miles away with a very powerful telescope . 
  storms on jupiter can also be seen from earth , but that has more to do with the power of the telescope than with the size of the storm . 
  even though the storms are huge . 
  none of them in france . 
  i 'm not sure what that means ... 
  umm , italy ? 
  also austria and part of czechoslovakia , although i suppose that was never considered a major nato country . 
  you could have , you know , read the actual article rather than just the headline . 
  or do you believe that improving communication between different law enforcement agencies only works in countries with ocean borders ? 
  there are 3.3 muslims in the us . 
  or are you just so offended at the mere suggestion that france might learn something from the us that you had to write an immediate response ? 
  what do you mean ? 
  there are almost 3 million syrian refugees in turkish refugee camps . 
  the camps seem to be well run . 
  but what 's your alternative ? 
  by most reports the turkish refugee camps are very well run . 
  they are around 50km across the border from syria , so they are easy to reach . 
  and they house 2.7 million refugees , which is expensive . 
  and `` blackmail '' is not really the term i would use to describe paying the $ 3 billion you agreed to pay . 
  edit : $ 3 billion . 
  there are a large number of gay-friendly churches in the us . 
  are there any gay-friendly mosques ? 
  yes , always . 
  it confused me at first when i lived in germany and people would talk about having a good salary of $ 5000 . 
   am i the only one seeing the hipocrisy here ? 
  yes . 
  hypocrisy is really only relevant to philosophical beliefs . 
  the uk 's reasons for leaving the eu are based on facts ( or believed facts ; some or all of them may not be true ) , including the fact that the uk is a net contributor to the eu to the tune of several billion pounds ( 6 ? ), 
  per year . 
  scotland , on the other hand , receives a much larger subsidy from the ruk than it does from the eu , is running a 10 % deficit , and is inconveniently located for trade with the eu and would be even more inconvenienced by having a hard border with the ruk . 
  some or all of these reasons may not matter , or may not be true . 
  but it 's not hypocritical to come to two different conclusions based on two different fact situations . 
  it would not be , for example , hypocritical of me to accept a job in ny paying $ 300,000 per year , even if i just turned down a job in ny paying $ 50,000 per year . 
  / u/speelingfail is right about you . 
  yes , always . 
  terrorism is always an attack with a political motive . 
  but this does n't mean that all attacks with political motives are terrorism .
