  but pretending that you can remove profit and still get the same quality of drugs is ludicrous . 
  the us is no more a currency union than germany or france is a currency union - it 's not really relevant to the situation in the eu . 
  so the low crime rate in germany and the uk are the result of the eu ? 
  or the ecsc even ? 
  true , although it seems a stretch to call this hate speech . 
  europe was pretty peaceful before the eu and ez , too . 
  europe has been pretty peaceful since the end of wwii . 
  but god forbid an american economist should criticize anything about the euro ... that 's practically like being a warmonger . 
  a lack of evidence is still not a political reason . 
  more to the point , a prosecutor 's decision not to prosecute or investigate a particular case is a policy decision . 
  it is very different from elected officials firing a sitting prosecutor because they do n't like how he 's doing his job . 
  maybe they were right to do it in this case . 
  but if you do n't think it smells bad , is damaging to the idea of rule of law , and sets a bad precedent , you 're not paying attention . 
   the dude refused to investigate over the nsa-scandal , stating that ( for example ) `` there is not enough evidence to support the idea that dr. merkels phone had been tapped by the nsa '' this shows painfully obvious that he previously had no hesitations to stop an investigation for political reasons . 
  stopping an investigation because `` there is not enough evidence '' is the opposite of stopping an investigation for political reasons . 
  and while a treason investigation seems wrong-headed , i 'm also uncomfortable with political interference in ongoing investigations . 
  see [ saturday night massacre ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/saturday_night_massacre ) . 
  i think they gave credit to both places - where the winner was born and where he was living at the time he won the award . 
  ( and apparently any other significant place mentioned in his bio - as he may have done his most important work in a 3d country ) . 
   thousands of years of rich literary tradition . 
  well , you do have to be alive to win the prize . 
  it 's also a tiny airport compared to jfk . 
  airbus has operated in the us since the 1970 's and us carriers operate over 2000 airbus planes . 
  [ link ] ( http://www.airbus.com/company/americas/us/flying-with/ ), 
  no , that 's not what it means at all . 
  * one * of those people is probably right . 
  we just do n't know which one . 
  i bet the us had some role in german reunification , too . 
  although , to be fair , it played a role in german separation , too . 
  the us : the cause of , and solution to , all the world 's problems . 
  yes , it 's a barge . 
  why is belgium listed as belgique/belgi \u00eb instead of the alphabetical belgi\u00eb / belgique ? 
  the us is the size of a continent , though ( and there 's still concentration on the coasts ) . 
  but there is a lot of concentration in the states : the economy of illinois is dominated by chicago ; ny state by ny city ; colorado by the denver area ; indiana by indianapolis . 
  it 's a common ( although not universal ) pattern . 
  moderation . 
  he is implying that only whites can be european . 
  i have no problem with deleting racist posts . 
  i just do n't like the megathread ghetto . 
   we 've had seven megathreads about greece in the last month , and people were happy to use them . 
  the difference is that all of the greek megathreads were on * one * particular bit of news - the referendum , for example . 
  this megathread is the equivalent of putting * all * stories about greece into one megathread . 
  not the same at all , and it 's dishonest to pretend that these are the same . 
  there 's a lot of good material in / r/europe without immigration topics , of course . 
  but immigration is * the * most important issue to people in europe now :  immigration seen as the major challenge facing the eu asking citizens about their main concerns , immigration is now at the top of the most frequently cited topics at eu level . 
  with 38 % ( +14 points ) it is now way ahead of the economic situation ( 27 % , -6 points ) , unemployment ( 24 % , -5 points ) and the member states public finances ( 23 % , -2 points ) . 
  it is the number one most frequently cited concern in 20 member states reaching peaks in malta ( 65 % ) and germany ( 55 % ) . 
  concern for terrorism at eu level has also increased significantly since november 2014 ( 17 % , +6 points ) ( see annex 1 ) . 
  [ link ] ( http://europa.eu/rapid/press-release_ip-15-5451_en.htm ) but / r/europe has chosen to put the issue of most interest to europeans in its own ghetto . 
  it 's going to be hard to convince people that you are doing this for any reason other than you want to suppress discussion on this issue - the number one issue facing europe according to eurobarometer - because you are uncomfortable with one side of the issue and want to limit discussion of it . 
  i 'm not even particularly interested in the topic - not enough to wade through the megathread , anyway - but that 's what i think you are attempting to do . 
  having kids is kind of a huge deal for people who are married , though , and denying the people in civil unions the right to adopt seems like a pretty big deal . 
   she 's literally doing nothing good and if she does something , it 's either complete bullshit ( gay marriage ) or gets shut down by the federal court . 
  incumbents always get a good boost when the economy is doing well , whether or not she `` did anything '' . 
  this is true . 
  but so are anti-discrimination laws . 
  the results are described as being from `` the spring , '' so it 's probably a little earlier than may . 
  but i think they take these polls twice a year , so the fall results will include more recent developments . 
  also wooden shoes for the netherlands . 
  belgium might be beer . 
  i do n't think many americans associate germany with dirty porn . 
  more likely beer , german cars , sausages , sauerkraut , and hitler/ww2/nazis . 
  keep in mind that spain still has very high unemployment , though . 
   the value of a thing for the purpose of contract law in the countries whose contract law i 'm familiar with is the replacement cost . 
  apparently you are unfamiliar with american contract law . 
   a party is entitled to be restored to wholeness in the event of the breach of an enforceable contract , as though the contract never happened . 
  a party is entitled to the `` benefit of the bargain . '', 
  recission - which is what you are describing , is only a remedy in rare cases . 
  if you agree to rent me an apartment for $ 10,000 / year , and then you decide you do n't want to because you can get $ 20,000 from someone else , you ca n't just cancel the contract and give me my $ 10,000 back . 
  you have to give me the equivalent of your that apartment for the same cost . 
  depending on the fmv of apartments , you may need to pay me $ 12,000 , or even $ 20,000 . 
  that is lobbying . 
  the people who consult with the politicians - they 're lobbyists . 
  if you make the claim , you have to prove it . 
   such is the way of pre industrial agriculture no ; pre-industrial agriculture used animal power . 
  roman agriculture used animal power . 
  all medieval european societies used animal power for agriculture . 
  and this was later increased once the better land was taken ; in parts of nebraska you could get 260 hectares because the land was marginal . 
  it 's true !, 
  that was not a basic income . 
  they did n't give a basic income to everyone ; they gave enough cash to those residents who were below the poverty line to raise them above the poverty line . 
  no one above the poverty line received anything . 
   many users have left the subreddit because instead of this being / r/europe [ 1 ] it became / r/europeanimmigration [ 2 ] . 
  why is the opinion of the handful of users who left more important than the majority of the users who have n't left . 
  censoring one of the most important issues in europe today seems like a horribly backwards approach . 
  the original point was that it is much easier for people in the us to move from missouri to kentucky if there are no jobs in missouri than it is for someone to move from poland to spain if there are no jobs in poland . 
  aka labor mobility . 
   welcome to the race to the bottom . 
  next phase is you give them money rather than tax them . 
  this is always a difficult issue . 
  because if they locate in another country , you also do n't get taxes , plus you get no jobs , and not tax from the jobs . 
  but the depiction of milwaukee was dead on . 
  the embassy in [ rome ] ( http://diplomacy.state.gov/img/11/45201/ap01010601350web_944_1.jpg ) does it better . 
  it does n't pay to underestimate the charm of the schw\u00e4bische alb . 
  the numbers are n't meaningless . 
  you do not understand them . 
  most countries calculate unemployment in the exact same way , simply because it makes no sense to include retired people , disabled people , stay-at-home moms , full time students , and other similarly situated people in the category of the unemployed . 
   people who are sick and ca n't work do n't count . 
  people who are sick and ca n't work should n't count . 
  now add 80 % humidity into the mix .
