  that 's the reason that the ussr had growth rates in the 50 's of 5-6 % . 
   in the us gdp figures are driven by consumption all economic growth is ultimately driven by consumption . 
  there is literally no better measure of economic growth than gdp . 
  that 's the only thing it measures . 
  take an economics course . 
  it was in the late 70 's ; i 'm not sure about he 90 's . 
   they would never publish a negative word about their own institutes in this environment , making the whole publishing useless . 
  the us publishes negative reports on their own institutions * all the time * . 
  you have * no idea * what you are talking about and are just embarrassing yourself with your ignorance . 
  that 's the average ; the median for germany is about $ 50k . 
  if you dig into the linked credit suisse report , you 'll find that about 1/2 of the wealth in the uk is from property , the other half is cash ( well , stocks , etc. 
  having 95 % of the population living on $ 10,000 / year is more equal than having the median income be $ 40,000 , with the lowest 5 % earning $ 10,000 / year and the top 5 % earning $ 100,000 / year . 
  but i do n't think it 's better , and i am confident that most people would agree . 
  they * called * themselves communist . 
  they * thought * they were communist . 
  who are you to say that they were n't ? 
  well , according to forbes . 
   scandinavia is extremely leftist compared to , say , the us well , yes and no . 
  all developed countries - including both sweden and the us - are roughly similar mixed economies . 
  income is generated by capitalist economic activity , it is taxed by the government , and the taxes are used to establish a safety net , a state pension system , and various minor redistributive programs . 
  viewed from the outside , the differences are relatively minor ... some states tax more and have a slightly larger safety net . 
  australia 's pension plan is a forced saving plan ; the us and germany ( and most european countries ) have a pension plan to which both the employer and the employee contribute but which is operated by the government . 
  again , these are fairly minor differences , even though people in both the us and europe like to play up the differences for political reasons . 
  the communist system in ee , however , was very different . 
  it 's because many people on reddit are young and are in a part of their life where they are questioning everything . 
  because most redditors grew up in a capitalist society and realize that it is n't perfect , they feel like ( emotionally ) alternatives to capitalism must be better . 
  when they learn a little more , they will realize that alternatives to capitalism are generally much much worse . 
  as imperfect as capitalism is . 
   there was a humanitarian disaster happening on european soil and they were not going to let that escalate further . 
  two-thirds of the people germany let in were economic migrants from north africa and other safe countries . 
  germany 's motives may have been good , but they were profoundly stupid and incompetent in trying to carry out their goal . 
   let 's not confuse matters , germany was n't alone but it has had most to gain from a lack of eurozone parliament . 
  also the most to lose . 
   it 's worth remembering that more than 90 % of money to `` help '' greece never actually went there , but instead went to banks . 
  all of the money that greece borrowed went to greece . 
  you ca n't start the story in the middle and leave out the part about greece borrowing money , spending it , and not paying it back . 
  it 's misleading because he did n't use percentages . 
  his `` theory '' is that the british benefit the most from free movement and were stupid to have voted for brexit on that basis . 
  he also goes into a detour about expats and immigrants . 
   that is just the traditional anglo-saxon narrative that whatever the ruling party failed to do the opposition would have achieved . 
  that is the traditional narrative in all countries with functioning democracies . 
  why do you imagine that european parliamentary elections are any different ? 
  have you ever followed one ? 
   the entire article is based on an assumption that the british or american democracy are some ideal to be strived towards . 
   personally , i find the consensual democracy approach one of the best features of the eu . 
  trying to include everybody and take everybody 's interest into account is much more beneficial than the traditional government vs opposition zero sum politics . 
  careful - you are letting your anti-anglosaxonism show . 
  the british parliament is very similar to all other european parliaments . 
  the us system is - compared to parliamentary systems - very different . 
  i ca n't think of a european parliament that is based on `` consensus '' . 
  the french , german , and italian ones certainly are not . 
  because kuhn-rikon makes the best pressure cookers . 
  because novartis , roche , and abb make products no one else makes . 
  because nespresso . 
  because the german army knife never really caught on . 
   if they loose free market access their economy will sink like a stone in the water . 
  they are n't going to lose access . 
  you need to stop imagining that it 's 1950 and that the eu is the ussr and switzerland is poland . 
  if they do n't qualify for the single market , exports will be governed by the wto . 
  wto tariffs for things switzerland imports are low to non-existent - although the topic is complicated , the tariff for pharmaceuticals exported to the eu is 0 % under the wto . 
  passenger cars may have a tariff of up to 10 % ( this is also complicated ) . . but switzerland does n't export cars . 
  i 'm not even going to dive into agricultural tariffs , but it 's fair to say that swiss cheese may become 3-8 % more expensive . 
  it 's also worth pointing out that bmw * did * comply with the diesel regulations , and that the only reason vw did n't was to save money . 
  the us is also stricter on particulate matter . 
   then the difference in testing , there is a difference between the emissions standard in the us and the eu , the us standards are strict on nitrogen oxides ( nox ) and particulate matter ( pm ) , while the eu is strict on carbon dioxide ( co2 ) and carbon monoxide ( co ) . 
  this is probably the biggest difference . 
   well , the case-action is one big reason for unreasonable lawsuits . 
  yes , it 's horrible that citizens have recourse against a company that has ripped them off . 
  $ 1500/year is probably a significant amount for the people receiving the remittance in poland - it probably adds an additional 10-20 % to their disposable income . 
   but if we give in to populism we are likely to see another war in europe soon . 
  this is idiotic . 
  profoundly idiotic . 
  do you believe that countries should preemptively institute dictatorships to stop the rise of populism ? 
   populistic leaders  the real problems behind the rise of populsim . 
  you need to get over your fear of democracy . 
  populism arises when the elites ignore the wishes of the electorate . 
  that 's all it is . 
   it 's fascinating that there are still people who think a different arrangement can be made . 
  probably because - until brexit - a different arrangement could have been made . 
  the eu has traditionally made a lot of exceptions to its own rules . 
  nightlife after 10 p.m. ? 
  if you get the paris museum pass , you can also skip the line . 
  unfortunately , it 's not free . 
   as someone who spent a few semesters studying it , that 's true for any language - a few semesters is n't nearly enough ; it takes years . 
  germans tend to have 7 or 8 years of formal instruction in english . 
   if europe has to change english for some reason , that reason will probably make other non european countries to change it . 
  why ? 
  do you imagine all of the chinese will suddenly start learning french ? 
  french was never a lingua franca like english is today - it was the most common second language , and was used for diplomacy ... but , at least in the 19th century , german was largely used in science , and english in business . 
   the only difference is that in the case of ireland both parties , ireland and the uk agree on where the border is , who is in control , and what the process is for northern ireland is to join ireland . 
  that 's kind of why its not controversial ... 
   no , but the eu can make up the difference . 
  no it ca n't . 
  the uk contributes # 12 billion/year to n. ireland . 
  the eu contributes # 700 million/year to n. ireland . 
  the total amount that the uk pays to the eu is # 13 billion . 
   we 're currently subsidizing the entire uk no , the uk is subsidizing the eu . 
  the uk pays in # 13 billion and gets back # 6 billion . 
   you are the useful idiot here . 
  he 's not the one linking to rense .
