  and no one in europe fraudulently claims disability ? 
  seriously ? 
   in the usa as far as i know they have the whole ` foreclosure ' thing where you can just hand the house to the bank and cancel the mortgage ( and the bank are left holding the bag if the value of the property has gone south ) and bankruptcy seems a lot easier over there . 
  in all but 12 states , the us works just like the uk - the bank sells the house and if the foreclosure sale does n't cover the note , you owe the rest . 
  ( although the remainder can be extinguished in bankruptcy ) . 
  in the other 12 states , there is no deficiency judgment and the bank only gets the house back . 
  california is a non-recourse state , though , and was hit pretty hard by the mortgage crisis , which is why it might seem like everyone can do this . 
  yeah , more recent reports seem to have dropped the `` specifically targeted '' idea and indicated that they were injured while disarming the person . 
  i had n't heard about the sncf conductor ... but i was wondering about how they happened to hear the gun being cocked in the toilet , since the trains do make some noise , and i * think * the toilets are separated from the rest of the passenger car by a glass door . 
  ah , this is very different . 
  yes , unless there is a fugitive on the loose that people need to be aware of , a news story that police have arrested a person does not need to convey that person 's race/ethnicity . 
  although i doubt that this will have much effect - when some newspapers here voluntarily stopped reporting the race of people arrested for crimes , a lot of people then assumed that everyone arrested was of a particular race . 
   far more causally linked factors for the things you 're describing are things like poverty , education , connection to the local community , bullshit . 
  those are correlative as well . 
  the problem with crime is that there are n't really identifiable causes . 
  poverty does n't * cause * someone to beat their girlfriend half to death , nor does lack of education . 
  nor does race . 
  more to the point , the kind of poor impulse control and inability to think long term that many criminals display are also - or can also cause - poverty and lack of education . 
  not the [ second ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/second_industrial_revolution ) , although possibly an additional one . 
  no , it 's pretty much brynjolfsson and mcafee . 
  ( okay , two guys , but they work together . ), 
  the problem with most bi discussions is that no one seriously discusses the costs ; it 's just handwaved away with vague mentions of improved efficiency due to no means testing . 
  there is also a tacit assumption that * all * current welfare would be replaced by bi , which also would not be the case if you want to avoid people dying in the streets . 
  all developed countries spend a * lot * of money on welfare now ( yes , even the us ) , and this welfare goes to a small percentage of the population . 
  the idea that we could give these same benefits to everyone in the populace without a * massive * tax increase just is not tenable . 
  finland has 9.5 % unemployment , which means ( generally ) that these people receive unemployment benefits . 
  under bi , essentially , 100 % of the population would receive unemployment benefits - which would basically cost 9x as much as the current system . 
  it may be slightly less than 9x , if we assume a certain amount of improved efficiency in the system ... but there 's no reason to assume that the unemployment compensation system is massively inefficient . 
  ( nor is there any reason to assume that related programs , like retraining , etc. 
  would no longer be funded ) . 
  however , finnish unemployment benefits are fairly generous by international standards ( 85 % of the former salary , when i last looked ) , which is much more generous than any bi proposal i 've seen . 
  so possibly you can reduce the expense multiple of bi even more by eliminating the 85 % requirement entirely and just giving everyone an unadjusted bi of , say , 1,000 euros/month . 
  but that 's really not going to be very popular with the unemployed ... or many other people , i imagine . 
  one guy writes a paper suggesting an automated future , and suddenly redditors all believe that we will all be unemployed in the future . 
  250 years of industrialization show that this just is n't true , even though the population of agricultural workers declined from 90 % of the population to something like 3 % of the population in industrialized countries . 
  it would n't eliminate fraud because you would still have to make sure that each person only received one bi , and that they were citizens/legal residents/etc . 
  it may be more efficient , however - although it 's not clear how inefficient other programs are . 
  tulips are nice . 
  yeah , i 'm not going to argue that it was a sensible ( or even coherent ) claim . 
  but it was a claim ... 
  yes , the usual way of denying the quality of us universities is to pretend that `` well , yes , of course the elite universities are good , but only a few people can attend those ... '' . 
  in reality , many ( very many ) of the state flagship publish universities are equal to or better than most european universities . 
  places like the university of wisconsin , u.c. 
  berkeley , university of illinois , u. california berkeley , u. of virginia , u. of michigan , georgia inst . 
  of tech. , purdue univ , u. calif. - l.a. , ... and many more . 
  all of that , plus the fact that most americans get healthcare through their employer . 
  i think that 12 % of americans do n't have health insurance ( although they would be covered by medicaid if poor enough ) , which means that there is still an issue to be addressed . 
  do n't be an idiot . 
   we send them back to cuba . 
  we send them back even though some of them have been jailed or killed because we sent them back . 
  it would n't be difficult for you to do exactly the same thing . 
  they 'll be successfully landing on your beaches , otherwise , and some of them will be dying . 
  it 's not the same . 
  the us sends back cuban boat people intercepted at sea ( except for those with a `` well-founded fear of persecution '' ) in accordance with the 1994 agreement with cuba . 
  under the agreement , cuba is not permitted to take any adverse action against immigrants returned by the us . 
  compliance with the `` no adverse action '' part is monitored by the us interests section within cuba by , among other things , meeting with returnees . 
  this situation is not really comparable at all to the migrant crisis facing europe . 
  ( and the number of boat people is also relatively small given both the size of cuba and the fact that cuba did not want these people to leave and took active enforcement actions to prevent it ) . 
  also , cubans who actually make it to the us are entitled to refugee status ( which is why the policy is called the `` wet foot/dry foot '' policy ) . 
   falkland islands , as a overseas territory of the eu would be protected the same as any territory . 
  in theory . 
  but in much the german press at the time ( although not in bild ) , those islands were `` die malvinas '' and there was a lot of general opposition to british imperialism . 
   there is a reason why even a system as bad as the dutch tends to look a lot better than the us education system in reports and international rankings . 
  sure , if you look at tests of 15-year-olds . 
  if you compare universities , however , the us education system is completely dominant . 
  i hate to break it to you , but americans have healthcare . 
   whataboutism at its finest . 
  under this definition , any type of discrimination can be dismissed as `` whataboutism '' . 
  the fact that they imposed a litmus test on jews , but not on anyone else , is the problem . 
   whats funny is how he thinks he can complain and make a big deal of it because imposing litmus tests on jews is obviously unproblematic , right ? 
   i just do n't understand what people want germany to do about it . 
  raise wages is all i hear . 
  a government ca n't and will not raise wages , as it is illegal to do so . 
   that would n't help anyway . 
  if the price of german cars jumps in the us , americans who would have otherwise bought a german car are n't going to start buying fiats and renaults ; they 'll look at domestic cars , or imports from japan or korea . 
  which wo n't help the rest of the eu at all . 
  [ this ] ( https://property.mibor.com/listing/123-cambridge-ct/55ce4d9d6f7d487279848d6e ) if you do n't mind living in a suburb . 
  ( \u02dc40 minutes from downtown ) . 
  [ this ] ( https://property.mibor.com/listing/5769-wildwood-avenue-/558dd36c6f7d4872797b1601 ) if you want to live in the city . 
  ( \u02dc20 minutes from downtown ) . 
  [ this ] ( http://www.talktotucker.com/idx/558-e-vermont-street-indianapolis-in-46202/10686907_spid/?src=4 ) if you want to live right downtown . 
  i live in one of the cheapest larger cities in the us for real estate . 
   i absolutely agree with the content ( water and similar fundamental resources should be state controlled , the problem with state run businesses * in greece * is that a series of greek ruling parties have used jobs at state run companies as a way to reward supporters , regardless of qualifications or the effect on the bottom line of the state run business . 
  ( this behavior is , of course , not limited to greece ) . 
  i 'm a little skeptical of their map , as it shows parts of the us bordering the great lakes as being short of water , which is definitely not the case . 
  i do n't want to mess up the nice color arrangements - but the most common english term is actually `` duck-billed platypus '' . 
  [ duck-billed platypus ] ( http://www.platypus.org.uk/ ) i do n't know that there is a need to specify the duck-billed platypus from all the other types of platypus , particularly ... but apparently someone felt that was necessary . 
  keep in mind that these people are n't buying bonds from the german government , they are buying these bonds on the secondary market . 
  ( bond yield is a reflection of prices on the secondary market ) . 
  most people who do this do it as a currency hedge - if the swiss bond yield is -.08 % and the swiss franc appreciates by 30 % against your currency , you 've gotten a good return on your investment . 
  large ( very large ) institutional investors will often put money in bonds for a short period of time ( hours to a few days ) while waiting to purchase new stock , and they want a secure place to hold it . 
  a -.02 % interest rate ( which is the amount you would lose over the course of a year ) is n't much when the money bond is just held for a day or a week . 
  i think they dusted it off and found the original slogan from wwii hidden under the dust . 
   the rape charges are very shaky , i seriously doubt he would be found guilty for that . 
  [ citation needed ], 
  it 's public knowledge in / r/conspiracy . 
  but there 's no actual evidence that this is the case , nor really any reason to believe that saudi arabia would agree to sell its oil below market price indefinitely . 
   because some other platforms that people said would fail did n't fail , bitcoin wo n't fail . 
  that 's not much of an argument . 
  [ citation needed ] because there are lots of interviews with pregnant teenagers available , and i 've never seen one state that they got pregnant because they * did n't know * where babies come from .
