  although you teacher might have . 
  but the minutes of the august 9 war council are available . 
  do your own research - do a search in / r/askhistorians - where this topic has been discussed a lot - if you are interested in the truth and not simply parroting a version of the facts that you would like to believe . 
  there are reasons to be opposed to the bombing of hiroshima and nagasaki , but they should be based in fact , not bullshit . 
  90 % of nagasaki 's workforce worked in the shipyards , and it was an important naval port . 
  hiroshima was an important communications and supply base . 
  the idea that * any * larger city in a time of total war could somehow be a civilian city is ridiculous . 
  and , no , they did not want to surrender beforehand . 
  that theory has been completely debunked . 
  yeah , it was the greeks fault . 
  greece hired goldman sachs to help them meet the eurozone requirements , legally . 
  in the same way that gs had helped italy do so . 
  this was n't something foisted on greece by gs without their knowledge . 
  this also was n't something that only greece did , and it was n't an approach that somehow `` fooled '' the eu . 
  the eu knew what was going on ... but also knew that gs 's accounting allowed greece to legally and technically meet the requirements . 
  and they were okay with that . 
   in us it 's forbidden to drink alcohol in public , no it is n't . 
  there are * places * where it is not legal , but it 's legal in my city and many others . 
  the europeans posting here do n't have any real knowledge of us prisons and have formed their opinions from sensationalistic articles . 
  to be fair , the same is true of most americans . 
  that 's not true at all , though . 
  germans do n't extradite * german citizens * . 
  germans are happy to extradite people of other nationalities . 
  it 's polarized , but also very stable . 
  unemployment is low , wages are high and increasing . 
  i 'm not sure that `` struggling to function '' is really the correct term . 
  congress has had difficulty passing legislation , but the government is generally `` functioning '' by most people 's understanding of the term . 
  there 's nothing else like flint . 
  are n't you ashamed to admit your dishonesty , though . 
  seriously . 
  yeah , that 's whataboutism . 
  the specific ideological blinders worn by the german press * on this particular issue * have been obvious and admitted by people in the media themselves for a while now - pretty much since shortly after the cologne sexual assaults . 
  the fact that it reminds you , in your ignorance , of generalized distrust of the msm by some people in the us is not just irrelevant , but pretty much the opposite of what is going on in this case . 
  distrust of msm in the us comes from right wingers unhappy , generally , with reality . 
  this case is about a documented case where scores of news media completely defaulted on their obligation to disinterestedly report reality . 
  the first job i applied for in germany required a handwritten narrative cv which had to include details about my parents and their jobs . 
  so i can see the appeal of this . 
  he reinstated the monarchy , moved to versailles , and is dressed in the morning by favored members of the nobility . 
  / s , but this version is about as realistic as claiming he 's new sun king . 
  `` trump '' is not saying this . 
  trump disagrees with this . 
  trump benefited from the election hacking . 
  congress has passed these sanctions with a veto-proof majority because they do n't like that trump is considering reducing sanctions . 
  that 's a pretty fundamental point about these sanctions . 
  the us and the eu both import about 10 % of their oil from saudi arabia . 
  strawman argument . 
  or do you believe that germany 's acts are morally pure ? 
  then make that argument . 
  but try to use some critical thinking : an act that may further a political agenda may also be the best policy . 
  because - news flash - every governmental act furthers a political agenda . 
  it 's quite different for ukraine . 
  this is just dishonest whataboutism . 
  first of all , it 's not really the case that americans love to criticize germans . 
  europeans are much more likely to do so than americans ... and germans are * far , far * more likely to criticize americans than the other way around . 
  second , german banks that gave bad loans to greece were bailed out , so i 'm really not sure why you think this is some sort of uniquely american behavior . 
  third , you are trying to undermine the deliberate , criminal actions that vw took by bringing up an unrelated issue . 
  this is more bullshit . 
  the us imposed sanctions on ms for browser bundling long before europe did . 
  the german academics specifically went to americans because they knew the german government would ignore the violations , though . 
  i 'm not sure i would call that a `` building '' . 
  i 'm not a fan of the electoral college at all , but i 'm not convinced that the appointment of eu commission members is a good counterexample , since it 's not any more democratic . 
  eu commission members are not elected ; they are appointed by each member country ( regardless of population ) , are not required to represent their home country 's interests specifically , and even after their selection they must be approved by the eu parliament . 
  i think you pretty much answer your own question . 
  some eu officials are unelected bureaucrats . 
  but that is a pointless statement ; the day-to-day work in every government is carried out by unelected bureaucrats . 
  they work for elected officials . 
  there are , of course , questions about whether the eu - and , equally , whether any government - has given too much power to unelected bureaucrats , whether there is sufficient oversight , what sort of controls exist , etc. 
  but these are n't questions that you can answer by simply noting the existence of unelected bureaucrats . 
  this has nothing to do with the electoral college . 
   hell , the us ca n't really complain about iran when they turned a super secular country into the terrorist-sponsoring regime it is now and the us did this how ? 
  it 's a trap !, 
  do you know how much an omafiets actually weighs ? 
  in a matter of hours , that steel frame will come crashing down . 
  and that 's when the netherlands will make their move . 
  probably by flooding something in germany . 
   are you going to tell me that no one earns the minimum salary in the usa ? 
  1 % of full time workers in the us earn minimum wage . 
  that 's not no one , but it 's close . 
  that 's not the definition of tragedy . 
   1  a : a disastrous event : calamity  b : misfortune, 
   usa would have done the same . 
  bombed a greenpeace ship ? 
  no , i do n't think so . 
  i mean , do you imagine that there have never been protests against us nuclear testing ? 
  or , say , the stationing of us missiles in europe ? 
  that the us has never been faced with the kind of situation france was faced with , and so has never had need to resort to that kind of action ? 
   in the us , there is a permanent bailout of mississippi . 
  no there is n't . 
  us states are n't countries , and no money is given to the state of `` mississippi '' as a bailout . 
  people are taxed federally , and receive social benefits from the federal government , at more or less identical rates across the us . 
  mississippi has a lot of poor people , so they ( not the state of mississippi , those individuals ) receive a disproportionate amount of federal money as compared to a wealthier state where more taxes are paid and fewer people qualify for benefits . 
  but this all happens at the individual level . 
  it 's not like the eu , where countries give money to other countries . 
  til that the echr was a constitution . 
  and have a painter paint his face in place of plato 's . 
  maybe he means liberal in the us sense . 
  newer machines use a lot less water and are a lot more energy efficient in general . 
  but they are - consequently - a lot more complicated . 
   such contempt sighs also not generally true . 
  it depends entirely on the phone model - the 4-year-old 5s runs very well on the latest os .
