  nafta was bush sr. 
  is it 100 % irish beef ? 
  obvious for anyone who knows that there 12 inches in a foot and three feet in a yard . 
  it 's true about the conversion - which is why si is universally used in science . 
  but in everyday life , you are mostly measuring things , and rarely converting . 
  i - as an individual - do n't need to know my weight in ounces , my height in inches , or my speed in yards per second . 
  a pint 's a pound the world around . 
  actually , it 's 1.04 lbs ... but it rhymes . 
  also shaftments . 
  pharmaceuticals , machinery , weapons , various high tech equipment . 
   i was quite disappointed to find out that a certain german leader was missing . 
  why ? 
  hitler was a horrible leader . 
  in 12 years , he reduced germany to rubble and the country permanently lost 1/3 of its territory . 
  bismarck , on the other hand , is mostly responsible for establishing germany as a modern , unified state that was productive , peaceful ( after unification ) , and had a fairly high standard of living . 
  you could go back to hre times and choose someone like otto i , i suppose . 
  or maybe charlemagne . 
  but hitler ? 
  that 's like choosing louis xvi as the leader of france , or george iii as the leader of england . 
  to determine whether a country is rich , you look at its gdp . 
  that 's what gdp measures . 
  that 's what people mean when they talk about rich countries . 
  gdp per capita is a sort of rough approximation of productivity ( although less so in the case of norway , since so much of its gdp comes from oil ) . 
  is switzerland richer than the us ? 
  no ; of course not . 
  are people in switzerland richer than people in the us ? 
  on average , probably . 
   you have a bunch of wage slaves working for you , and you happen to be in a select number of small professional fields where you are in demand . 
  median income is still substantially higher in the us . 
  median income , not top 10 % or 1 % income . 
   do you have any idea how much $ 6,000 per year is to the average american making minimum wage ? 
  a hell of a lot more than the average frenchman or german making minimum wage . 
  there 's a hell of a lot more americans ( including per capita ) working in places like superstore than there are germans in aldi . 
  first of all , the average american does n't make minimum wage . 
  1 % of americans with full time jobs make minimum wage . 
  that 's it . 
  median income in the us is $ 54k/year . 
  significantly higher than incomes in germany or france . 
   teachers are government employees . 
  if you 're not working for google , microsoft , or the government , your health insurance is shit compared to what the average canadian - never mind brit or euro - gets . 
  cancer survival rates , for example , are much higher in the us . 
  ------- there are plenty of problems in the us ; it 's far from perfect . 
  but it pisses me off when people like you just make things up . 
   gdp is bullshit no it is n't . 
  it 's just not a magic number that tells you everything about a country . 
  but there is no such number . 
   ppp is the best estimate of how much actual goods/services get produced and consumed in the country per year no , it is n't . 
  ppp is for comparing living standards/salaries/etc . 
  it has no relationship to goods produced by a country . 
  if the us produces 1000 cars and china produces 1000 cars , their production is equal . 
  the fact that china has a low cost of living does n't mean that china has somehow produced 4000 cars . 
  but if the average salary in the us is $ 50,000 and the average salary in china is $ 8,000 , it * does * make sense to use ppp to adjust the number because living on $ 8,000 in china is like living on $ 30,000 ( or whatever ) in the us . 
   that does n't even count the moon high dick the us provides them from the rear . 
   remember , this is the nation that needed to be forced into both world wars , and got tired of fighting both of them , too . 
  this is also the nation that realized that being isolationist did n't work , and so it set up the nato framework and a huge military tightly integrated with nato . 
  if you think the us would n't respond to an invasion of europe that killed thousands of us servicemen , you 're delusional . 
  you would be surprised . 
  particularly if , in going to war with the uk , the nuclear power killed a couple of hundred to a couple of thousand us soldiers . 
  silicon valley . 
   the uk is about to be economically asset stripped like a roast chicken . 
  you are such a drama queen . 
  people need to stop thinking that the uk is czechia in 1968 and the eu is the ussr . 
  please stop making things up . 
  you literally have no idea what you are talking about . 
  the us has sick days . 
  ( probably not as many as most places in europe ) . 
  the us has maternity leave . 
  it 's not always paid . 
  the us has paid vacation . 
  for most people , not as much as germany . 
   exactly . 
  that 's why right-to-work states in the us are such amazing places to live for low-wage employees . 
  / s what place is amazing to live for low-wage employees ? 
   you know with the whole free movement deal and all . 
  about that ... 
  why should n't they ? 
  the berne convention is not named after berne , indiana . 
  because there were certainly no refugees when the taliban were in charge ? 
  you mean when all of those european countries complained about the iraq war ? 
  they should n't have done that ? 
  it was undemocratic ? 
  the pound is at a three year low . 
  we 're back in the dark days of 2013 . 
  the euro has also fallen against the dollar . 
  but the pound has only fallen slightly against the euro ( it was lower 3 years ago ) ... and that seems to be a more relevant metric . 
   regulations , standards , certifications etc are soft trade barriers but more complex an costly . 
  sure ... but switzerland is already complying with those standards for everything it exports now . 
  it 's not like it 's going to have to retool ... or like it 's permitted to import phosphate detergent under the eea but would n't be able to under the wto . 
  this is still meaningless . 
  93 of the 100 most expensive ones out of 1,000 ? 
  it looks an awful lot like a cherry-picked stat designed to make norway 's burden look a lot greater than it actually is . 
  an honest statistic would include the total cost - whether it 's 93 % or 70 % or 30 % . 
   if they do n't commit to the regulation the eu sets for the eea , they simply wo n't be allowed access to the single market , people need to stop saying this . 
  it 's not true . 
  they will be allowed access to the eu under the wto guidelines ( and vice versa ) . 
  skeu ? 
  i met a lot of danes when i lived in germany . 
  but i lived in schleswig-holstein . 
  that cuts both ways , though - if you are starting from zero , it 's easier to increase productivity by doing simple things like adding modern roads , factories , infrastructure , and education . 
  once you are more developed , this becomes more difficult .
