  and this assumes you are taking classes that are not writing intensive : you probably wo n't be able to write university level philosophy papers with two years of german . 
  you may not be able to read them . 
   here is nothing natural about that monopoly there is nothing natural about * any * property . 
  the only reason you own your house is because of a government granted and enforced `` monopoly '' on your parcel of land . 
  english and german came from the same root ; english did n't come from german . 
  latin is n't . 
  latin roots and suffixes and prefixes are . 
  yet flemish is n't listed at all ... 
  what most of germany would look like if not for wwii . 
  the us congress ca n't resist their fabulous arguments . 
  it 's false equivalence to equate being intolerant of gays with being intolerant of people who are intolerant of gays . 
  all opinions are n't of equal value . 
  it 's not really an arbitrary metric . 
  the extent to which a country grants legal rights to gays is going to be highly correlated with acceptance . 
  no one measure is perfect though , but a person who says that they would n't mind a gay neighbor , but they do n't think that gays should have the right to marry is less accepting of homosexuality than a person in favor of ssm and who does n't mind gay neighbors . 
  median income for auto assembly line workers in the us is over $ 60k . 
  auto industry workers tend not to be from the poorest classes . 
  this is true , although the use of `` oe '' ( ae , ue ) to begin with was a kludge to deal with the fact that german had bonus vowel sounds that were n't present in latin or represented in the latin alphabet . 
  you ca n't really assign just * one * cause to complicated events . 
  plenty of blame can , of course , be placed on greeks themselves . 
  however , it 's also the case that most economists believe that the euro ca n't really work well in a europe where there is no unified fiscal system . 
  ( although they disagree about the extent to which it wo n't `` work well '' , with some believing it 's doomed to catastrophic failure , and others believing simply that it produces suboptimal results . ), 
  adjusting gdp on ppp makes no sense . 
  gdp is a measure of how much a country produces ; they do n't magically produce more because the country is poor or has a low cost of living . 
  it 's also useless because the ppp adjustment is based on consumer expenses , which do n't have much to do at all with the cost of producing airplanes or oil . 
  adjusting gdp * per capita * based on ppp makes a little more sense , as gdp per capita is sometimes used as a rough guide to personal income ... which is , of course , affected by the cost of consumer goods . 
  although the best measure for determining personal income is to actually measure it ... and adjust it by ppp if necessary . 
  what type of shit ? 
  belonging to a non-approved religion ? 
   honestly i blame american culture influence . 
  of course you do . 
   also you should read 1984 . 
  and you should read it again , and try to understand it this time . 
  language is changed in 1984 to make people unable to think about certain concepts ( on the theory that if there is n't a word for something , people ca n't talk about it ) . 
  that 's not what this policy is doing * at all * . 
  did you not read 1984 or not understand it . 
  the point of `` newspeak '' was to alter words so as to alter concepts ( on the theory that if you do n't have a word for something , you wo n't have the concept for it ) . 
  so if you remove the term for `` democracy , '' the idea is that no one can talk about democracy . 
  obviously that 's not what 's going on here . 
  no one is trying to change the * meaning * of a gentleman 's agreement ; they are just trying to change the term used to describe that type of agreement to indicate that it can be entered into by people other than `` gentlemen '' . 
  while i 'm not necessarily a fan of this type of language policing , it has nothing to do with 1984 . 
  they really wo n't . 
  americans will just travel to the uk/ireland and make fewer trips to the continent . 
   so the reasoning is , if the eu shares a common policy for visas for foreigners into its territory , other countries should have a single policy for its citizens when traveling to other territories . 
  the eu does n't have a common policy for foreigners into its territory , though . 
   every potus promised vwp . 
  no potus promised vwp . 
   my government is being stupid . 
  :( no , it is n't . 
  you are an american who does n't like trump and consequently feels , emotionally , that everything europe does is right and everything the us does is wrong . 
  this is stupid , and it would be stupid for the us to drop its visa requirements for those five countries . 
  the visa requirements predate trump and are based on the fact that people from those countries overstay their visas at a much higher rate than people from the rest of the eu . 
  i do n't see why you think that letting them in is such a great idea . 
  it is n't . 
  and of course the eu does n't even treat these countries equally - four of them are n't in schengen and afaik , none of them use the euro . 
  but the us is being stupid for not treating them as being just like every other eu country ? 
  illegal immigrants can get a dl in many states . 
  no , your professional qualifications wo n't be recognized ... but those tend not to be the people who are illegal immigrants . 
  less than 1 % of full time workers earn the minimum wage . 
  it 's not really a relevant metric for much . 
  and a romania living in romania ? 
  does n't get the same payment because he 's in a different country . 
  an american living in new york and an american living in mississippi get the same social security payments . 
  because they live in the * same country * . 
  `` sand people ? '', 
  europeans do that themselves , though . 
   honey , the us is a smaller economy than the eu , baby , this is no longer true . 
  and , yeah , the eu probably should n't be picking fights that no one will win . 
   the social safety net is non-existent , it always amazes me that otherwise educated europeans actually believe this . 
  get out of your bubble and learn something about the world . 
  not compared to the eu . 
  the median income in alabama is still $ 44,000 / year . 
   i paid 32 % tax just on my income alone so are you making over $ 190,000 per year ( where the 33 % marginal tax rate kicks in ) or do you not understand how marginal tax rates work ? 
   similarly , he would still get hired only at shitty jobs . 
  no ... polish immigrants in areas with a large polish population can get much better than shitty jobs getting paid under the table . 
  not doctor/lawyer salaries , but $ 40/50k per year easily . 
   we 're all citizens of the eu and the rest of the world should treat our citizens based on our eu citizenship and not our local citizenship . 
  then close your embassies and recall your ambassadors . 
  you 're eu citizens when it feels good , and german citizens when it feels good . 
  you ca n't have it both ways . 
   not really , eu countries are part of the eu . 
  this would be a better argument if all european countries did n't also have an embassy in washington , us embassies in their countries , and lots and lots of ambassadors . 
  basically , the eu is often in the position of wanting to have things both ways . 
  do romanians get german social security payments ? 
  no , of course not ; they are romanians and get whatever their own country offers them . 
  should romanians have visa-free travel to the us ? 
  of course , they are part of the eu . 
  should germany close its embassy in washington and recall its ambassador ? 
  of course not ; german american relations are important . 
  get back to me when alabama opens an embassy in berlin , or germany opens one in birmingham . 
  yes , there is . 
  which is why nulla poena sine lege has been a legal principal for hundreds of years . 
  it may be the most widely shared legal principle in the modern world . 
  what you are proposing is the right to put people in prison , even though they performed a perfectly legal act . 
  because , well , the act should n't have been legal . 
  that just leads to show trials . 
  then what 's it for , then ? 
   especially and extreme right political leader ... why not do away with democracy entirely ? 
  jesus christ , do you even read what you wrote ? 
  but then why have any kind of immunity in the first place ?
