   on april 16 , police searched the home and office of former international monetary fund managing director rodrigo rato , who also served as the country 's minister of economy and vice president in the government of jose maria aznar . 
  the government accused rato of money laundering , tax evasion , and fraud stemming from repatriation of capital to the country during a fiscal amnesty in 2012 which permitted evaders to regularize their undeclared assets with a one-off payment of 10 percent of their value . 
  the tax office identified rato 's as one of 705 suspicious cases and turned the case over to the ministry of economy 's service for the prevention of money laundering for further investigation . 
  rato was also involved in a case that began nearly three years ago to examine whether former bankia managers misstated earnings before listing the bank on the spanish stock market . 
   financial disclosure : public officials are subject to financial disclosure laws and are required to publish their income and assets on publicly available websites each year . 
  there are sanctions for noncompliance . 
  the ministry of finance and public administration is responsible for managing and enforcing the law regarding conflicts of interest . 
  public access to information : the law mandates public access to government information . 
  the government implemented the law effectively . 
  - see more at : http://www.state.gov/j/drl/rls/hrrpt/humanrightsreport/index.htm#wrapper, 
  please go to some other sub and leave decent people alone . 
  the masochist says `` hit me !, 
  hit me ! '', 
  the sadist says `` no . '', 
  a lot of european countries have better relative mobility than the us . 
  but not better absolute mobility . 
  what 's the difference ? 
  relative mobility means the chances of moving from the bottom 10 % of the income scale to the top 10 % of the income scale . 
  scandinavian countries - and denmark in particular - have more relative upward mobility when measured by this method . 
  however , income compression means that it takes less money in an absolute sense to move from the bottom quintile to the top quintile in denmark than it does in the us . 
  to move from the bottom 10 % of the income ladder to the top 10 % of the income ladder in denmark means moving from making about $ 25,000 / year to making $ 70,000 / year . 
  you can make this transition if you make $ 45,000 more than your parents . 
  in the us , the bottom tier is $ 20,000 and the top tier is $ 115,000 . 
  to make this transition in the us , you would need to make $ 95,000 more than your parents . 
  if you took two identical families , one in denmark and one in the us , where the family made $ 20,000 / year and the children make $ 80,000 / year , relative mobility statistics will show that the danish family has more social mobility , even though the earnings , and the increase in earnings , are identical . 
  for certain purposes , looking at relative mobility makes more sense . 
  but for other purposes , it really does n't . 
  germans do n't hate americans . 
  it 's kind of a weird article . 
  i 've been to the stockholm archipelago and the apostle islands ... and they are n't really comparable . 
  the sa is all located within about 30 miles of the stockholm , the largest city in sweden . 
  the ai 's are in the middle of nowhere ( 100 miles from duluth , the closest city of any size , with a population of 30,000 ) . 
  90 % of the ais are a designated wilderness area , with no public docks or lights or electricity . 
  you are * supposed to * visit by canoe or kayak . 
  to preserve the wilderness area , there is only one tour operator allowed to go to the ai ( and i think they leave from duluth ) . 
  they will stop at the non-wilderness areas , and cruise by the completely wilderness areas . 
  so while there are advantages to paying higher taxes , i do n't think this is one of them . 
  ( in case you are interested , there are some islands that are mostly wilderness , but with a small non wilderness area - so you could take the boat to that island and then hike to the wilderness area to camp . 
  ( also , by `` wilderness '' , i mean a designated wilderness area , which has a specific meaning in us law , including a prohibition against using motorized transport in the wilderness area ) ) . 
   that will tell you how much they 're ashamed of their country . 
  as an american who studied in europe and lived there for several years in my 20 's , i 'm very familiar with the type . 
  try not to be so hard on them - it 's kind of a phase . 
   these are typically people who had little exposure to other countries before moving to europe , and for a while they will just reject everything about their home country and accept everything about the new country . 
  it 's kind of like trying on a new identity . 
  after a while - hopefully - they will level out and have a more realistic understanding of what is good and bad about both places . 
  life expectancy is n't a proxy for quality of health care . 
  the us has the best survival rate in the world for cancer , and very good outcomes for heart disease as well . 
  but things like smoking , obesity rates , and the prevalence of diabetes are not a function of the health care system , but a function of how people live the their lives . 
  you can have the best diabetes treatment in the world , but it 's still better not to have diabetes in the first place . 
   the truth , at least about sweden , is that among the average neighborhoods we have enclaves of poverty , religious conservatism and crime . 
  most of the lethal shootings happens in these enclaves . 
  therefore , as long as you stay outside these enclaves , you will not even notice that something has changed in sweden over the last 20 years in sweden . 
  this is true of the us as well - and probably true everywhere . 
  crime is n't evenly distributed . 
  my city of about 1 million people had 144 murders last year ( one of the highest rates ever ) . 
  81 % of the victims ( so about 120 ) had prior felony records ; if you add up all the felony convictions for all of the victims , there were almost 500 convictions . 
  ( 85 % of the shooters also had at least one felony conviction ) . 
  29 % of the murders were drug-related ( this includes robbing a drug dealer because the shooter knew that he would have money , which is not uncommon ) . 
  most of the 19 % of crimes in which the victim did not have a criminal record were domestic disputes . 
  and over 80 % of the crimes occurred in a few small , concentrated areas . 
  ( which you could call `` no-go '' zones , although they are n't really even that , since there are very few actual `` stranger '' murders . 
  although i still would n't recommend visiting . ), 
   furthermore , if the eu requires visas from us citizens , that will automatically revoke visa waiver status from all of the eu countries currently with visa waiver status . 
  this is really the point that people have overlooked - if a visa is required to visit germany or france or wherever , the us will require a visa of everyone from those countries wanting to visit the us . 
  i do n't see germans giving up their visa-free travel to the us . 
  i 'm not sure what you mean by it being `` exempt '' from state tax laws - delaware has franchise taxes and a corporate income tax . 
  there are states with no corporate income taxes , but de is n't one of them . 
  nevertheless , moving to a lower tax state is n't money laundering or tax fraud , so the comparison to which i was replying - including de with the cayman islands - is ridiculous . 
  delaware ? 
  to avoid federal taxes ? 
  to launder money ? 
  you pretty much disqualify yourself from commenting with this post . 
  delaware is not exempt from federal law . 
  the white population in the us is 77 % . 
  white hispanics are still white . 
  i think they were reported generally , but these are the first specific numbers . 
  [ round up the usual suspects !, 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vtsmfws0_to ), 
   you can be in delaware delaware is not much of a tax haven , and it 's not the only state with low state corporate taxes . 
  the * vast majority * of taxes corporations pay are federal taxes , and being located in delaware wo n't help at all . 
  the primary reason that corporations set up in delaware is because it has fairly business-friendly law , and because the courts are very familiar with handling complex business cases . 
  the statistics are somewhat misleading . 
  if you change the chart to show employment for men only ( and change it to show the amount worked per week , which is a more familiar metric ) , it will show german men working 38.4 hours per week , and greek men working 40.2 hours/week . 
  still more , but not a lot more . 
  change it to women , and you 'll find german women working 30.2 hour/week , and greek women working 37.1 hours/week . 
  now it 's possible that german women are super-efficient workers ... much more so than german men . 
  but it 's more likely that * most * of the difference we see in the hours worked has to do with the fact that significantly more women work part time in germany than do in greece . 
  rather than , say , the normal german work week being 34 hours . 
  far fewer people lived in the us south before air conditioning . 
  ppp is not really relevant for gdp per capita - but if you want to use it , it will skew things in favor of the us even more . 
   a damn good foreign policy in this age of globalization worked great for ukraine !, 
  no - the image of the us as being lightly regulated is only partially true , and the image of germany being tightly regulated is also only partly true . 
  it 's also important to remember that germans tend to use cash more than ... well , almost anyone in the developed world . 
  one of the effects of which is that it makes it much easier to have a shadow economy . 
  if a handyman does $ 1000 of work on your house in the us , you will likely pay with a credit card , or possibly a check . 
  it would be unusual to pay the $ 1000 in cash . 
  ( although sometimes workers will offer a `` cash discount '' . 
  if it 's 3 % , it 's because they want to avoid credit card fees . 
  if it 's 15 % , it 's because they want to avoid taxes . 
  fyi ) .
