  they wo n't be mad at you because of something that an american politician did . 
   america was built around the car this is basically it . 
  in the 50 's through the 70 's , the us built its interstate highway system and dramatically expanded its airport network . 
  which meant that there was pretty much no money left over for trains . 
   at least in english , holland is considered incorrect to refer to the whole country maybe , but holland is by far the most common name for the country in the us . 
  i would disagree about the image - if the cover shows people drinking tea in a meadow or forest , i do n't think the tea needs to contain grass or trees . 
  but if the title of the tea is `` x and y tea '' , then , yes , it should contain x and y. 
  i kind of think the topic flairs are bad because they just are n't helpful . 
  looking at headlines on the front page of the sub now , why is `` greece delays $ 300m payment to imf '' given the `` eu '' flair , while `` italy : romanian migrant has finger cut off in neo-fascist attack with xenophobia on rise in rome '' is `` news '' , but `` the us wants to decide where your data is stored '' is `` opinion '' ( but seems to be news ) . 
  the greece story is also news ; the italy/romanian thing could also be eu . 
  more to the point , what do these topic flairs add that one would n't already know from the headlines ? 
  i can see wanting to sort by , say , country ... but not by general topics like `` news '' . 
  probably 70 % of the posts in / r/europe are news . 
  perhaps that 's where it began this time , but it spread to non-vaccinated germans . 
  and germany has had lots of other measles outbreaks in recent times . 
  not just - the layout of the grounds themselves is artwork , and by - arguably - cluttering them up , you are detracting from their value . 
   fuck now they 're in our continent ? 
  they 've always been on your continent . 
  they are arguably worse than those on our continent . 
  [ berlin ] ( http://www.dw.de/berlin-measles-epidemic-reaches-new-high/a-18301149 ) you just hear about it a lot in the us , and not much in europe . 
  yes , absolutely . 
  there will be an eu , there will be a schengen area that is generally similar to what exists today , and there will be a euro . 
  the eu may have a slightly different membership . 
  it may be more tightly centralized , or it may somewhat more decentralized . 
  schengen travel rules may change slightly , and perhaps one or two countries will opt out . 
  but for most people it will likely be the same as it is not - perhaps with more spot checks or something . 
  the behind-the-scenes regulations concerning the euro will likely have changed , and possibly a country or two will no longer be on the euro . 
  but for most normal people getting paid and spending money , there wo n't be a noticeable difference . 
  there were probably lots of reasons - but this one was certainly very important . 
  i think the arrests showed that fifa was n't invulnerable , the response to the arrests showed just how frustrated soccer fans were ( possibly surprising national/regional organizations ) , and uefa was n't afraid to step up to the plate . 
  and if he had n't resigned , there would probably have been a lot of other adverse effects as well . 
  from the 60 's through the 80 's , there were about 250,000 american soldiers there in germany . 
   you do understand , that the eu is the reason , why we are here now having one of the longest periods of peace-time in european history ? 
  this is a bizarre claim . 
  upvoted , but spectacularly wrong . 
  [ the long peace ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/long_peace ) occurred as a result of the threat of nuclear weapons and the cold war . 
  integration into nato and the polictical binding of germany into the west helped as well . 
  ( by which i mean things like introduction of the dm and adoption of the basic law ) . 
  the biggest threat to peace in europe would have involved a conflict between east and west . 
  and since no one in the east was a member of any western common market , there seems to be no role for the eu in peacekeeping at all . 
  unless you believe that west germany , facing off against east germany and with 500,000 non-german nato troops stationed there , would have invaded france again but for the eu ? 
  political integration within the eu did n't begin in earnest until the early 90 's , in any event . 
  and , no , the eu did not receive a nobel prize for being `` the '' reason for the long peace . 
  the eu received the nobel prize because it `` for over six decades contributed to the advancement of peace and reconciliation , democracy and human rights in europe '' . 
  which is a fair statement , but a far cry from being a claim that the eu was `` the '' cause for the peace since wwii . 
  i think the age of voting should be the age of adulthood , whatever that is . 
  i 'm surprised berlin is n't younger . 
  the us ( and many other countries ) left the gold standard during the depression . 
  they went back on a version of it after wwii , and then left it for good in 1971 . 
  not in a significant way - on may 15 , 1940 , when the netherlands surrendered to germany , the us went from having the 17th largest army in the world to having the 16th largest army in world . 
  the argument that the us dollar would be worth zero without the military is completely idiotic . 
  and completely unsourced . 
  only a child would believe it . 
   gay people represent an abysmal percent of the total population while this is true , the number of people who are appalled that they do n't have equal rights is a much larger number . 
  minorities are , by definition , going to represent a small part of the total population . 
   race as such does n't exist as a scientific concept . 
  it does n't exist as a biological category . 
  it exists as a `` scientific category '' , and has been extensively studied . 
  but i do n't really see what this has to do with discrimination . 
  religion does n't exist as a scientific category , either , but we still protect freedom of conscience . 
  the title is wrong . 
  the french court did n't find it unconstitutional to disconnect the water from people unable to pay , thereby creating a human right to water . 
  the french legislature passed a law in 2013 which prohibited disconnecting water , even if a person did n't pay . 
  the constitutional court found that that law was constitutional . 
  it did n't find any independent constitutional basis prohibiting water disconnections , however . 
  from the first sentence of the article :  the constitutional council has validated friday a total ban on water cuts introduced into french law in 2013 but contested by the saur distributor . 
  it 's also worth noting that the drop in production between 1937-38 was due to the fact that us prematurely tightened the money supply before the economy as a whole had recovered . 
  this happened because there was a lot of criticism from the treasury about roosevelt 's policies , which resonated in congress , and the administration caved to the pressure , with predictable ( predictable now , anyway ) results . 
  the war did help the economy in general , although if you look at the chart , the us was back to its pre-crash high before it entered the war . 
  quiet , the adults are talking . 
  careers are going to be relevant , as is the location where they choose to live - urban coastal areas tend to have higher incomes ( although also higher costs ) than most of the country . 
  in my case i was a ta ( teaching assistant ) - i received a tuition waiver and living expenses , and in exchange i was required to teach three undergrad classes per year . 
  note that this procedure applies to `` research '' fields but not to `` professional '' fields like medicine , law , or business . 
  grad students in professional school typically pay their own way , usually with loans . 
  calling it a marriage, 
  it looks like for most countries on the map , income basically maps to post-secondary education , with indian families earning the most in large part because they have the highest percentage of post-graduate education . 
  you can draw a diagonal line through most of the rest of the countries and it seems like the only difference is the amount of post-graduate education . 
  except that this does n't work for the phillippines - family incomes are quite high despite not having much post-graduate education . 
  researchers may have undergraduate loans , but most ma/ph . d programs are paid for . 
  no one takes out loans to get a ph.d in physics . 
  these people probably also had their elementary and secondary school education paid for by the state ; should they have to repay that , too ? 
  this type of `` iron curtain '' education system seems like a horrible idea . 
   we should co-ordinate with the respective country to prosecute them you 've had 20 years . 
   when a judge in europe 's asking to the u.s. an investigation , an arrestation , or a trail ... what 's the usual u.s. answer ? 
  `` no way . '', 
  you are lying . 
  making stuff up . 
  inventing things . 
  there have been dozens of extraditions from the us to the uk alone in the past 10 years . 
  the us has not denied one of these requests . 
  stop making stuff up . 
   and european workers are more productive more productive than what ? 
  not more productive than the us ... [ link ] ( http://www.economist.com/blogs/graphicdetail/2013/02/focus-3 ), 
   that said , i 'd argue that the greatest threat to entrepreneurship is student debt . 
  you ca n't accuse youngsters of lacking a flair for risk taking when from the get go you burden them with the risk of student debt . 
  it is hardly surprising that after graduating they find stable jobs rather than create a business . 
  and that decline is most apparent in the us [ 1 ] , not europe . 
  why link to casselman 's article without linking to articles explaining it ? 
  [ link ] ( http://fivethirtyeight.com/datalab/explaining-the-slow-death-of-american-entrepreneurship/ ) there 's no evidence that the decline in entrepreneurship - which began in 1980 - has anything to do with student loans . 
  most small businesses are n't tech startups ; most small businesses are things like restaurants , retail stores , and home contracting .
