  european union of europe, 
  spoken like someone from seattle has never been to atlanta or lived in france . 
  atlanta and seattle are * extremely * similar in any international comparison . 
  seattleites and atlantans read the same books , go to the same movies , watch the same tv shows , listen to the same music , play the same games , watch the same sports , shop at the same stores , drive the same cars , speak the same language , go to similar schools , go to even more similar universities , get similar jobs , have similar benefits . 
  politically , they are even kind of similar - in the 2012 election , atlanta voted for obama over romney 64-24 ; in seattle it was 69-29 . 
  george w. bush : arrest the 9/11 hijackers at the airport and spend the rest of the decade playing golf . 
  not if a bunch of dutch soldiers just go on vacation . 
  with their equipment . 
  ukraine is a very popular vacation spot . 
  if putin had a more sophisticated pr machine , he would thank the latvian people for comparing him to jesus christ . 
  for god 's sake , would somebody please buy that woman a chateau !, 
  this is a kind of complicated issue because the number is n't clear at all . 
  wiki has a good list of competing claims ; if there were a consensus number it might be around 110-120 ,000 deaths , including iraqi soldiers , coalition soldiers ( 4,500 ) , civilians killed by both sides , and civilians who died from violence due to increased lawlessness . 
  there are also a couple of outlier reports giving death tolls over over 1 million or over 600,000 . 
  what languages do you speak ? 
  also , how important is the location - even spain is kind of off the beaten track if you want to travel in your free time , and portugal even more so . 
  ( although bordeaux , grenoble , and toulouse are also sort of poorly situated for travel given distance and connections ) . 
  paris is nice - but for an interesting city with ease of travel , have you considered somewhere like strasbourg ? 
  germany has two armored divisions . 
  it was n't really - even in the 50 's , one of the most influential books was `` why johnny ca n't read '' . 
  one of many many critiques of the us public school system . 
  since the end of wwii , the us has largely focused on its universities ( which are best-in-class ) , with far fewer resources devoted to public education . 
  i think this is wrong-headed for a lot of reasons , but it 's not clear that it has actually harmed economic competitiveness : there 's certainly an argument to be made that having average-ish public schools and excellent universities might be a better strategy than the reverse . 
  tunnel boring machines and aircraft toilets ? 
  these tests are about high schools and earlier . 
  i.e. , they are tests given to 15 year olds . 
  they have nothing to do with the quality of universities , which in the us tend to be very good internationally . 
  ( and not just the top tiered schools ) . 
  but they have to be because of the generally mediocre public schools . 
  the american media is full of reports bashing american education . 
   a german girl once told me in bed `` i do n't even let german guys do that '' . 
  did she say this after you did it , or when you suggested doing it . 
  there 's an important difference . 
  is there an oecd report on the number of pretty girls ? 
  britain did n't put saddam into power , and iraq was n't a conventional colony . 
  it was made a country after the ottoman empire was broken up ... and it was ruled by the turks for 500 years before that . 
  the process for drawing the borders of iraq was basically the same process used for drawing the borders of czechoslovakia when the austrian empire was broken up . 
  iraq was made up of three ottoman provinces ; there 's nothing particularly arbitrary about its borders . 
   america overthrew its government in 1953 this was mostly britain , although the us did help . 
   i do n't the kremlin is not stupid . 
  hmmm, 
  tell that to the peasants toiling in the pierogi mines . 
  as long as the italians are still preparing the food . 
  so what i hear you saying is that you do n't actually know anything about macedonia . 
  at all . 
  but since the us and the eu are concerned about what 's going on in macedonia , you 've decided that the macedonian government is a * great * government that is about to be oppressed by the eu/us . 
  profound ignorance + conspiracy theories is not a good way to form a political opinion . 
  it 's not just romance ; it 's actual history . 
  the country is called `` romania '' because of the romans . 
  romanian is a romance language , like latin , french , and spanish . 
  if you want to identify the historic founder of romania , trajan is n't a bad choice . 
  yes ; they could n't fit a catapult because they needed the space for kettles . 
  spain 's use of millions of robot laborers is responsible for the 25 % youth unemployment rate , obviously . 
   however we are rapidly approaching a point where robotic system will be able to do everything a human can do no , we are n't . 
  not at all . 
  two guys write a non-peer-reviewed paper and now it 's the future ? 
  / r/europe ? 
  there is a huge difference between having a debt and paying the debt ... and having a debt and not paying the debt . 
   to ask more directly , if the eurozone and the eu operated the same way the united states do with regards to the united economy , would n't we be in a much better position overall ? 
  the us operates * very differently * than the eu . 
  american states are n't at all like countries . 
  and while there is a sort of fiscal `` transfer '' mechanism , it 's not a matter of rich states deciding to transfer money to poor states . 
  in reality , the states have nothing to do with the transfers . 
  ( and transfer is not really the right word ) . 
  in the us , 90 % + of everyone 's income tax is paid directly to the federal government . 
  ( in the ten states without their own income tax , it 's 100 % ) . 
  ( sales taxes and property taxes stay in the state ) . 
  the income tax money is then distributed based on federal laws , which , in the context of welfare-type payments , is based on individuals , not states . 
  so if the economy of arkansas is worse than the economy of california , federal money will flow to the people in arkansas because they are unemployed , or qualify for food stamps or housing assistance or whatever . 
  but looking at it from the perspective of a state does n't really make a lot of sense . 
  basically , all americans pay income taxes based on their income , and all americans receive welfare , etc. 
  based on their needs . 
  ( yeah , i know , it sounds like marx . ), 
  but the states have nothing to do with this ; these are essentially equal obligations and entitlements of individual americans . 
  of course you can look at the states and see that , say , people living in california pay more in federal taxes in the aggregate than they receive in federal benefits , and , people in , say , arkansas receive more in federal benefits than they pay in taxes . 
  but the actual distribution has nothing to do with a transfer from one state to another . 
  no one says `` things are n't going well for arkansas ; let 's transfer some money to them . '', 
  yeah , that 's what the luddites said , too . 
  i wondered why they only did math and science as well . 
  these scores reflect the performance of 15-year-olds in secondary school , not university masters programs . 
  the us is not trying to extradite him . 
  he is trying to avoid extradition to sweden so he wo n't have to face rape charges . 
  he only developed his fear of us extradition from sweden after sweden sought to charge him with rape . 
  the whole `` us extradition '' thing is a smokescreen so he can pretend he just does n't want to face rape charges . 
  rape should n't be a crime . 
  yeah , i wondered about this , too . 
   the us , with a different history , sees the problem differently . 
  though , since it still is used as a racist weapon , i 'd say they just are n't quite far enough along the way to a truly just ( or at leat a more just ) society . 
  more whites ( as a proportion and numerically ) are executed than blacks . 
  there are lots of problems with the death penalty , but that 's not really one of them . 
  please do n't make up stuff about american prisons that you only know from watching tv . 
  prisons isolate people like breivik from the rest of the population so that does n't happen . 
  and while there are murders in prison , the murder rate in us prisons is pretty much the same as the murder rate in the us as a whole : 4 or 5 per 100,000 . 
   in the usa some states have death penalty and others do n't this is true - but if the supreme court held that the death penalty was unconstitutional , even those states that wanted to have the dp would n't be allowed to have it . 
  writing the prohibition against capital punishment into the foundation agreement of the eu is the equivalent of making the dp unconstitutional in the us ( more or less ) . 
  there is a danish minority in schleswig ( with its own political party ) , but i do n't think that there is a german minority in denmark . 
  those are n't loan words . 
  a loan word is a word taken into a language from another language without being translated . 
  like `` der computer '' or `` the kindergarten '' . 
  the examples you list are cognates - words that are similar in both languages , often due to the languages being related or due to contact in the past , or due to both languages forming the word out of greek or latin roots .
