  these are all kind of silly . 
   we want to be `` classy '' we might hire an english narrator , and when we want to be `` evil '' , we hire a german narrator . 
  and sexy , we hire a french female narrators . 
  this has to do with stereotypes , not western civilization . 
  the uk is supposed to be class conscious , so you hire someone with an upper class accent to indicated `` class '' . 
   when we buy luxuries we like french things we really do n't , though . 
  no one buys french chocolate or french beer or french cars or french caviar or french watches when they want `` luxury '' . 
  it really depends on the luxury , and what they mean by luxury . 
   we teach western civilization at just about every college and high school and that is a reinforcement to our european roots and where our culture came from . 
  sure , but this is all history . 
   the independant scene is way stronger in europe than in the us imo . 
  not at all . 
  there are also a ton of independent american films . 
  how can you tell from a last name whether someone is american ? 
  what does this even mean ? 
  the eu is not higher than the us by attainment . 
  some countries may be . 
  this is no quite true . 
  50 of the top 100 universities are in the us . 
  many are state schools and decidedly non elite . 
  ohio state university , university of wisconsin , university of texas , university of michigan ... are all better than any university in , say , germany . 
  no , it is n't . 
  you ca n't compare rigorously studied scientific facts with a political opinion . 
  no , but britain builds the wings and the engines ( except for those engines not made in the us ) . 
  95 % of smartphone processors are arm-based , including samsung 's exynos processors . 
  they did n't ignore it the icj . 
  they vetoed enforcement . 
  which is how the un works . 
  the icc only has jurisdiction over states which have ratified the treaty of rome . 
  the us has not ratified the treaty of rome . 
  afaik , there are no decisions of the icc against the us . 
  i used the wto as an example of a tribunal whose jurisdiction actually extends to the us and which has issued adverse enforcement orders with which the us has complied . 
  here 's a short list of cases currently being brought against the us . 
  [ cases against the us ] ( https://www.state.gov/s/l/c3741.htm ) . 
   i ca n't think of anything that i spend my money on are british . 
  arm processors ? 
  does n't malaysia use airbus airplanes ? 
  britain has a large export industry , but it is mostly not exporting consumer goods . 
  the us does n't ignore international courts , and has paid all fines levied by the wto . 
  there is an episode about argentina refusing to pay back money it borrowed . 
  is there an episode about argentina refusing to pay an exit fee assessed by other countries ? 
  this is idiotic . 
  the uk is n't defaulting on bonds . 
  they are claiming that they do n't owe a certain amount of money in the first place . 
  no ; it 's not like they are n't repaying bonds . 
  a dispute over whether you owe something is different from not paying something you agree you owe . 
  it 's more of a sequel and less of a second part . 
  faust i is complete by itself , and faust ii is much less read . 
  the were n't made separately , but as you wore them they would eventually conform to left and right . 
  maybe he 's showing off his new shoes . 
  congratulations that your years of schooling and high hdi have led to literacy . 
   no social safety net of other developed countries . 
  this is idiotic . 
  us social security payments are similar to ( and based on ) the german state pension system . 
  unemployment compensation is much higher in the us than in the uk . 
  24 % of the us budget is spent on social security ; 25 % is spent on medicare/medicaid/children 's health ; 10 % is spent on other safety net programs . 
  16 % is spent on defense . 
  we do both . 
  see game of thrones . 
  there are no federal referenda in the us . 
  but several states , mostly in the west , allow referenda on state matters . 
  you would need to work on the marketing aspect . 
   it 's actually a good example for how it can work against all odds . 
  i do n't think finally giving women the right to vote - in 1971 - is a good example of a referendum working, 
  democracy by nature is a tyranny of the majority . 
  it 's not special to referenda ; that 's how democracy works : everyone votes , and the decision of the majority is binding on the minority . 
  except in those cases where there are constitutional safeguards protecting against it ( which are , of course , antidemocratic ) . 
  but these , while extremely important , are also relatively few in number . 
  if you are opposed to a tax increase and are in the minority , you have to pay the tax increase . 
  if you believe a certain road should be built and the majority disagrees , the road wo n't be built . 
   referendums should always held on single and simple issues this was a single and simple issue : should the uk remain in the eu . 
  it is no more complicated than the question of whether a country should join the eu , or support an eu constitution . 
  the fact that it will be complicated to pull out of the eu , or that people ca n't predict everything that will happen after brexit does n't make it inappropriate for a referendum since the question itself is single and simple . 
   ie is usually pronounced [ ai ] in english weil ei is pronounced [ i  not really , but there 's a lot of variation : piece , liege , siege ( ! ), 
  are all ( as close as english gets to [ i  . 
  but so are : seize , leisure , and weird . 
  ( `` either '' sometimes ) . 
  on the other hand , there are words like height and eight and sovereign and counterfeit ... 
  but i think `` ei '' is more common than `` ie '' in english words generally , so if you do n't know the spelling that is probably statistically most likely to be correct . 
  ( also , note that `` heil '' is rarely misspelled ) . 
  there 's probably a master 's thesis in there somewhere ... 
   horrendously diverse continent europe ? 
  no countries have a negative gdp . 
  it 's not a thing . 
  they may have negative gdp growth , but that 's not the same thing . 
  greece had a gdp of $ 350 billion in 2008 ; their gdp in 2016 was $ 200 billion . 
  a precipitous fall , but still a positive number . 
  there 's probably a lot of support for this , actually . 
  sort of . 
  you still have national leaders mostly calling the shots , as you did in the concert of europe ; it 's just that modern leaders are democratic and coe leaders were reactionary . 
  which is definitely an improvement . 
  it 's not a political project ? 
  it 's not ambitious ? 
  those were the only criteria in the op . 
  `` the most ambitious project in the history of the world '' . 
  look at gdp . 
  look at population . 
  look at number of countries that belong . 
  `` the most ambitious project since 1955 in the history of europe that involves a single currency for some members ? '', 
  so the eu loses to indian independence in 1947 ?
