  which is also not ideal . 
  you keep repeating this , but it 's not even clear what point you 're trying to make . 
  there are 530 billionaires in the us . 
  53 in the uk ; 13 in switzerland . 
  are you trying to suggest that no billionaires visit california or new york ? 
  notch would disagree with you [ notch 's house ] ( https://homes.yahoo.com/blogs/spaces/minecraft-founder-notch-markus-persson-buys--l-a--s-most-extreme-home--for--70-million-011824804.html ), 
  it 's dishonest to pretend that the us is n't a welfare state . 
  it 's not as generous as some in europe , but it 's not non-existent , either . 
  unemployment compensation for a single person in the us maxes out at $ 400/week . 
  in the uk , it maxes out at gbp 71/week . 
  germany offers a more generous 680 euros/week . 
  ( specifically , in the us you get half of your salary up to the cap ; in germany , 60 % up to the cap ) . 
  i think what 's he 's sort of getting at is that `` holocaust '' is a term ( from the bible and elsewhere ) that originally referred to burnt offerings ( as sacrifices to various gods ) or burning things up completely . 
  it came to refer to the nazi genocide because of the ovens ; it 's not a generic word for genocide . 
   and being honest , i also do n't think the notion of median income makes sense referring to america given the grossly unequal distribution of weath ? 
  you only think this because you do n't understand what `` median '' means . 
  hint : it 's not `` average '' . 
  but it looks like you 've changed your argument from focusing on alabama ( about which you appear to have had zero knowledge ) to go on a general anti-us rant . 
  which i do n't have time not inclination to respond to . 
  37 states and 71 % of the population , at last count . 
  but it does keep changing . 
  marriage is mostly a state matter in the us . 
  tying into this - because it 's pretty much the modern basis of how the us functions - is the fact that 80-90 % of the taxes americans pay go to federal government , with only 10-20 % going to the state . 
  this means that the federal government has far more tax money at its disposal than all of the states put together . 
  24 % of the budget goes for social security ( mostly old-age pensions ) . 
  24 % of the budget goes for healthcare ( 2/3 of it medicare , which is health insurance for retired people ) . 
  11 % of it goes to safety net programs ( traditional welfare , basically ) . 
  all of this money is distributed to individual americans entitled to funds from these programs under the terms of the particular programs . 
  the money goes to the individual regardless of what state he lives in ; it does n't matter what state the person who paid the taxes lives in . 
  ( not to get too much into the weeds , but some of these programs require the state to contribute a certain amount , or permit the state to do so to increase the benefits available in that state ) . 
  so if you wanted to apply this to europe - leaving aside whatever political system might be in place - all eu taxes would be based on the same formula , and 85 % or so of the tax revenue collected in each country would go to brussels , where most of it would then be sent out to individual europeans who qualified for the benefits , no matter where they lived . 
  i think swallowing this type of integration is more difficult than just coming up with an appropriate federal political system . 
  alabama has a gdp almost three times that of bulgaria , despite having half the population . 
  its median income is $ 43 , 200 . 
  poor by the average of the us ( which is $ 53,000 ) , but approximately equivalent to german . 
  ( bulgaria 's median household income is much less ) . 
  alabama is a dirt poor state by american standards - and the poorest people in alabama are less well off than the poorer parts of , say , germany . 
  but it 's not a third world country by any stretch . 
  not even close . 
  burning would be more traditional ... sort of ... 
  or are they ? 
  it 's also possible that existing religious people in europe are becoming more conservative . 
  that 's what happened in the us in the 70 's - people left established churches and joined fundamentalist ones . 
  * resistance is futile * !, 
  here 's what pope francis said - but it 's a position the catholic church has held for more than 50 years :  the evolution in nature is not opposed to the notion of creation , because evolution presupposes the creation of beings that evolve , '' pope francis said , according to a vatican newswire transcript of the event . 
   `` when we read in genesis the account of creation , we risk imagining that god was a magician , with such a magic wand as to be able to do everything , '' he said . 
  `` however , it was not like that . 
  he created beings and left them to develop according to the internal laws that he gave each one , so that they would develop , and reach their fullness . ''  the creation of the universe , francis said , was not a singular event , but rather `` went forward for centuries and centuries , millennia . 
  this does n't mean that catholics could n't be creationists ; it just says that belief in evolution is n't inconsistent with catholicism . 
  are you actually arguing that a person 's * science grade * should be based on whether she * believes in * the science ? 
  that 's how religion works . 
  if she does the work and gets the grades , that 's all there is to it . 
  she does n't deserve a lower grade because her faith is n't pure enough . 
  yeah , it 's been officially accepted since the 60 's , with the caveat that god started it and it 's part of his plan ( or something like that ) . 
   just remember , norway has one of the lowest rates of prisoners re-offending . 
  it works . 
  it is less expensive . 
  norway has one of the lowest rates of crime in the first place , and its recidivism rate of 20 % needs to be seen within that context . 
  it 's doubtful that the us could just copy haldan prison and then it , too , would have the same low recidivism rates , while the crime rate stays high . 
  ( the murder rate in norway is around 0.7 people per 100,000 population ; the murder rate in the us is about 4.5 murders per 100,000 population ) . 
  us recidivism rates vary widely from state to state - from around 57 % in california , down to 32 % in texas , and falling into the mid 20th percentile in a handful of states ( with the lowest being oregon at 22.5 % ) . 
  for most states , recidivism is in the 30-45 % . 
  [ link ] ( http://www.pewtrusts.org/~/media/legacy/uploadedfiles/wwwpewtrustsorg/reports/sentencing_and_corrections/staterecidivismrevolvingdooramericaprisons20pdf.pdf ) so rather than looking what another country does , with a completely different culture and a much lower crime rate and population , it would probably make more sense to look hard at what us states with low recidivism rates are doing right . 
  ( and what states with high recidivism rates are doing wrong ) . 
  in many cases , no . 
  in this case , yes . 
  i think fiscal transfer is the right word . 
  when an american pays taxes , 80-90 % of the taxes go to the federal government , with the remainder going to the state and city . 
  many of these taxes are then used to pay various welfare payments to individual americans for things like unemployment or general welfare or food stamps or disability or housing assistance or medicaid . 
  so it 's not like the federal government explicitly transfers money from a rich state to a poor state ; it collects taxes from everyone and then distributes these taxes to everyone who qualifies for one of the welfare program . 
  it 's just that a poor state will have fewer wealthy people ( so its population will send in less in taxes ) , and will have more poor people , so its population will collect more in welfare benefits . 
  the effect , of course , is a transfer from state to state ; but the actual mechanism involves taxes from individuals and benefits paid to individuals . 
  ( it 's complicated by the fact that many federal programs are administered by the various states at the local level , but the ultimate benefit is owed to an individual and - potentially - would follow that individual from state to state ) . 
   less than 10 % of the bail-out money have gone to the greek people . 
  i do n't know why people keep posting this as if it is some sort of argument . 
  the whole point of the bailout was to bail the greeks out from the debt they could n't pay so that they could get more loans . 
   i think our rate of change is accelerating rather fast . 
  people think this , but it 's not necessarily the case - in terms of changes that affect most people , the world changed a lot more between around 1900 and 1950 than between 1950 and 2000 . 
  think of ubiquitous electricity , indoor plumbing , automobiles , airplanes , refrigerators , home telephones . 
  but of course we 're still basically using the same types of guns now that existed in wwii . 
  because it 's based on facts and stuff ? 
  what do you mean by a `` decent lifestyle ? '', 
  yeah , but yodeling !, 
  yodeling is cool . 
  can you yodel ? 
  did n't think so ... 
  i think that 's actually one role of the flag in the us - putting up a picture of the president is political in the way that putting up a flag is n't . 
  presumably , pro-russian shills are paid less than pro-danish shills ... 
  it lacks a certain melodic quality . 
  `` with god as my witness , i thought turkeys could fly . '', 
  climate change can strike at any time . 
  you have to be prepared !, 
  in germany , the obnoxious german tourist is an editorial cartoon character . 
  oil is priced in dollars . 
  i do n't know about natural gas . 
  tax rates are n't what makes taxes hard . 
  deductions , exemptions , exclusions , add-backs , credits , etc. , are what makes taxes hard . 
  look up otto von bismarck . 
  die linke is mostly a remnant of former east germany 's once ruling socialist party ( sed ) , plus far left breakaway bits from the spd . 
  it is true in the us .
