  the us imposes a 25 % personal income tax on incomes from $ 38,000 - $ 91,000 , a 28 % rate on income from 91,000-191 ,000 , and a 33 % rate on income from 191,000-413 ,000 . 
  ( there is an additional tax on the tax of higher earners in germany as well , which i 'm ignoring ), 
  manning is n't a whistleblower . 
  it appears to be the eu that has difficulty with the rule of law in this case . 
  way less . 
  you can find a small number of older platt speakers in villages around kiel , but in kiel itself , there is almost no one . 
  probably because kiel was almost a village itself until it was annexed by prussia in the 19th century and made headquarters of the prussian fleet . 
  you need to stick to one narrative . 
  when it 's about gdp or market size , the relevant entity is always the eu . 
  but somehow you are n't supposed to look at the unemployment for the eu as a whole ? 
   still , the cdc estimates 48 million people get sick in america from foodborne illness every year ( 1 in 6 people ) , vs 23 million in europe ( 1 in 32 people ) according to the who you have to compare like-to-like , as the cdc and who studies are n't comparable . 
  if you compare the who numbers for europe with the who numbers for the us , you get 2431 illnesses per 100k in western europe ( eura ) with 2577 illnesses per 100k in the us ( amra ) . 
  eura is * slightly better * . 
  but if you compare deaths , the us ( .4 deaths per 100,000 ) does slightly better than eura ( .5 deaths per 100,000 ) . 
  you have to be seriously clueless to imagine that 5-6 times as many americans get sick from food than is the case in europe . 
  yeah , but it 's really hard to sue for libel in the us . 
  look down . 
  that thing you 're standing on ? 
  a soap box . 
  that 's because people are n't eating their falafel with ketchup . 
  used to be - but thin crust has been very popular in the us for 20 years or so . 
  the pizza al taglio i 've had in rome was better than the pizza i had in sit-down restaurants in rome . 
  it 's kind of hard to export croissants . 
  because it increases profit in rubles , making it more valuable to produce more . 
  in 2012 , 1 usd was worth about 30 rubles . 
  today , 1 usd is worth about 65 rubles . 
  if wheat is priced in dollars , russian producers will earn more than twice as many rubles per ton as they did even just a few years ago , even if the price of wheat has n't changed . 
  bmw produces the x-series suvs in the us , presumably because they are big vehicles that are more popular in the us than in europe . 
  the same is true wrt mercedes - they produce their gl series suv 's in the us ( although a couple of years ago they also started producing the c-class there as well ) . 
  producing in the us also helps protect against dollar/euro exchange rate differences . 
  scale matters a lot , though - even within the us , the very large scale wheat producers are significantly less efficient than the smaller scale producers . 
  north dakota produces 9,400,000 metric tons of wheat per year , with an efficiency of about 3t/hectare . 
  arizona produces 360,000 tons of wheat per year , with an efficiency of 6.9 tons/hectare . 
  since you started the whataboutism by bringing surveillance to a freedom-of-speech discussion , you 're hardly in a position to be able to complain about it . 
  it probably helps some that the ruble has collapsed . 
  springer verlag bought bi last year . 
  so it 's * german * !, 
  korea and vietnam would like a word . 
  vienna , also . 
  here 's a link to the actual white paper . 
  delaware is not a tax haven and does n't shield companies from the federal corporate tax . 
  there is also a gift tax with the exact same limits . 
  no us cabinet minister has called for a ban on encryption . 
  imo , finland would probably fare better today than they did in the winter war . 
  wtf does colonization of north america in the 1700 's have to do with mass immigration ? 
  do you understand that german immigrants in the 1850 's did n't go into battle with indian tribes , much less so italian immigrants in 1910 ? 
  how did the v\u00f6lkerwanderungen work out for the romans ? 
   even the statue of liberty poem refers to them as `` the teaming refuse of your shores '' ( literally , human trash ) . 
  not exactly . 
  `` human trash '' is a moral judgment . 
  when the poem talks about the `` wretched refuse of your teeming shore '' , it just means that we will accept those people who your crowded country has discarded . 
   has immigration worked out well for the native people 's of north america ? 
  absolutely fucking not . 
  the celts in europe did n't do well faced with immigration from the germans and romans , either . 
  how can anyone disagree that merkel 's policy will make germany more diverse ? 
  you can argue about whether that 's a good thing , but it 's pretty much a tautology that letting in more migrants will make germany more diverse . 
  there 's probably a support group for americans you can join . 
   also , how many ` italian americans ' speak italian ? 
  few now - but italian immigration peaked in 1910 . 
  italian was commonly spoken in italian neighborhoods into the 60 's , and still is a bit by older people . 
   most of them did within a generation . 
  no they did n't . 
  some towns in texas had german schools from 1840-1930 . 
   without taking anything else into account like what ? 
  hdi ? 
  student loan debts of olympic athletes ? 
  it 's not complicated . 
  countries send teams . 
  teams win medals . 
  which team won the most medals is always of interest . 
  otherwise , you end up claiming that honduras actually won the world cup because it did best on a per capita basis , while germany 's adjusted rank put them at 8th . 
   americans are always quick to say that it 's actually not fair to compare the us to a single european country umm , no ? 
  i 've seen that as an explanation for why finland has faster broadband than the us , but i 've never seen the size of the us used an as explanation for any sort of social issue . 
  on a per capita basis , germany won wwii . 
  when you have to name 3000 villages in a short period of time , it becomes pretty hard to be creative . 
  not only would the eu have been two medals down , but there 's a good possibility that the us would have been a medal up . 
  ( although probably not in women 's field hockey ) . 
   norway has stated that it would block the uk from joining the efta . 
  no , it has n't . 
  at all . 
  stop spreading misinformation . 
  do n't privacy laws protect the patient 's privacy ? 
  his father is chinese , not romanian . 
  i 've seen the movies !, 
   they also do n't go full-1984 . 
  have you actually read 1984 ? 
   just give me one example of an industry that 's not of barilla ( food product ) or ferrari ( luxury products for the extremely rich ) type cars ? 
  fiat , lancia , etc. ? 
  guns ? 
  lots of textiles and leather goods and kitchenware is made in italy as well . 
  i think it 's both - while they gave examples of tourists who acted like asses , the ultimate problem is the sheer number of tourists in general . 
  the problem with this is that while it raises more money , it does n't really affect the crowds unless you charge very high prices . 
  $ 20 is n't much of a surcharge to visit already-expensive venice . 
  it would be complicated , and i 'm not sure if it 's ultimately doable or not . 
  but some form of this is probably the best solution . 
  it 's basically the same approach that popular wilderness areas in the us take to limit visitors ( because an wilderness area with too many visitors is no longer a wilderness area ) . 
  there are plenty of things to criticize about the us , so i do n't know why you chose what you did . 
  snowden did n't reveal war crimes , but he is sought for stealing classified information . 
  big deal . 
  guantanamo bay is for enemy combatants caught fighting the us in other countries .
