  if you startup goes bankrupt in the us - well , you probably learned a lot and have useful experience . 
  you really have no idea what you are talking about . 
  and this kind of clustering is n't unique to tech . 
  you have similar network effects for finance in london , and for moviemaking in hollywood . 
  i bet 6 companies just pm 'd him job offers . 
  the replaced workers were sysadmins and other lower-level it workers * at the amusement park * . 
  there may or may not have been visa abuse , but these are low level jobs . 
   if you ask me , the weak labor laws largely benefit the people with controlling interests in tech , not the workers . 
  the problem with this theory is that tech workers in the us are generally very well paid compared to europe . 
  if anything , it seems like the european companies are benefiting themselves at the expense of their tech workers . 
  while german prisons are filled with upper middle class ethnic germans ? 
  it 's not `` awesome '' how norway deals with breivik . 
  it 's deeply immoral to give him a 20 year sentence and a playstation . 
  and it 's disturbing how little the lives of the 50 kids he murdered seem to count . 
  it 's more complicated than just in or out of the eu . 
  if scotland became independent while the u.k. remained in the eu , scotland would have trouble trading with the u.k. 
  this was likely much more important than trade with the reu . 
  if scotland becomes independent after the u.k. exits ( and scotland is immediately granted eu membership ) , there is still a problem trading with the u.k. 
  on this sub or in general ? 
  some version of this is true everywhere . 
  80-85 % of murder victims in the us have criminal felony records , for example . 
  as do the murderers . 
  you ca n't troll americans if you ca n't find them . 
  even the french confuse him with malcolm reynolds . 
  [ here ] ( http://www.giantfreakinrobot.com/wp-content/uploads/2012/11/firefly_mal_jane_zoe.jpg ), 
  yeah ... that 's more of a talking point . 
  the us is more `` precautionary '' than europe in some areas ( particulates in the air ; mad cow disease ; smoking tobacco ) ; the eu is more precautionary in others ( gmo 's ; hormones in beef ) . 
  but there 's no real difference in practice . 
  because it 's based on common sense and not pseudoscience ? 
   we live in a time of paralell science , alterscience,p-hacking and `` bought '' papers . 
  yeah , but most of that occurs in germany , where science is disregarded for homeotherapy and anti-vaxxing . 
   a treason charge is a very real possibility . 
  no , it is n't . 
  look at aldrich ames or robert hanssen . 
   there 's a pretty good argument to be made that the charges against him are no basis for extradition even without asylum . 
  i can see public policy exceptions to extradition , but i have a hard time seeing that the charges themselves are no basis for extradition . 
  one of the charges is theft , for example . 
  well , to be fair , that is the distinction that was used to differentiate the single market from the common market . 
  if you do n't think there 's anglophobia in france , you should get out more . 
  there 's a vaccine for that . 
  sounds to me that you really oppose this because it would make brexit less painful ? 
  the steel is n't free ; it 's just slightly below fmv . 
  and the cost of materials is not the reason housing is expensive ; materials are cheap compared to labor and the cost of land . 
  this ends up being true for a lot of people . 
  you might feel like you are a global citizen , but when it comes to actually living in another country day to day ... and interacting with the picturesque natives and their quaint customs ... it 's often harder than it seems . 
  i 'm sure you think you 're making a clever point - but of course there is a difference between a person who has the freedom to move back to his wealthy country , or to many other countries ... and a person who is leaving a shithole looking for a better life . 
  while i have a lot of trepidation about trumpian america , this post is filled with misinformation where it 's not simply wrong . 
  it sounds like you are just unhappy with your life and are projecting your unhappiness on the entire country . 
  most us tax dollars go for social services , not the military . 
  25 % of the us budget goes to social security ; 25 % to medicare ; 10 % to other safety net programs . 
  16 % goes to defense . 
  and these are only federal numbers ; if you included state budgets ( which mostly go to schools and social services , but pay nothing for defense ) , even less would be spent on the military . 
  your post about jobs is even more ridiculous . 
  the us unemployment rate is under 5 % . 
  * much * lower than the 10 % eurozone unemployment rate in europe , and comparable to the rate in denmark , germany , or the uk . 
  salaries in the us are also high - not just top salaries , either ; the median salary of $ 55k is well above the median salary in most of europe ; the median salary in a rural state like alabama is about the same as the median salary in germany . 
  university tuition is high in the us , and it would be better if people had less debt . 
  although the student loan debt problem - while real - has been dramatically overstated by click-hungry media . 
  for the 2/3 of us grads with debt ( 1/3 do n't have any ) the median debt is $ 30,000 . 
  still a lot of money , although it 's not clear to me that income-based repayment is any worse than the overall higher tax rates in most of europe . 
  ( aside from psychologically , of course ) . 
  and of course us universities are extremely good . 
  not just the harvard/yale/princetons , but also the public universities . 
  the best universities in germany , say , are n't as good as decent public state flagship universities in the us ( e.g. , univ. 
  of wisconsin , university of illinois , purdue univ. , georgia tech . ) . 
  of course there are problems in the us , too . 
  factory jobs that used to pay $ 60k/year have disappeared from many parts of the country , leaving some people with less desirable jobs paying $ 35k . 
  and there are rural parts of the country that are less educated and where people earn well below median income . 
  but this is not unique to the us ; london/paris/milan are no more representative of europe than ny/chicago/sf are of the us . 
  this suggests that it 's somewhat less than that : http://www.pilotjobsnetwork.com/jobs/lufthansa_german_airlines, 
  did you fly air france in the early 80 's ? 
  fresh salad , chicken with a nice sauce ( not an airline-style sauce ) , rum cake with much rum , split of wine ( plus additional splits at no charge ) . 
  and that was coach . 
   it 's the same way pacifism is associated with the green party . 
  it does n't work that way . 
  pacifism was an explicit tenet of the green party for a long time . 
  being anti-eu or pro-strong foreign policy ( whatever that means ) is not really connected with being anti-human rights or anti-immigrant . 
  that 's how federal systems work . 
  it 's why the eu is set up the way it is . 
  it 's interesting - and explains a lot , actually - that the german definition is significantly different from the english one . 
   but only because it thought it could maintain its economic lead and control over the eu at this point you 're just making things up . 
  the us has always supported the eu because it 's much easier to trade with one country than 28 different countries . 
  and the us would be more than happy to let the eu share some of the defense burden . 
  it would certainly suck if cosmonauts landed on the moon and then were killed by bears when they returned earth . 
  true , although more than half of australia 's foreign born population were born in the uk or new zealand . 
  the us is a welfare state now , and has been since the 30 's . 
  this is underplayed in both the us and europe . 
  there is a difference in degree , but not really in kind . 
  sorry , no . 
  what you 've described is not particularly leftist ; it 's the basis of all modern democratic societies , and is apparent in the putney debates in the 1640 's through the american and french revolutions , and beyond . 
  you should get out more . 
  maybe not the best , but german icbms would be carbon neutral . 
  being in nato benefits the us ... but you are delusional if you believe it benefits the us more than anyone else . 
  because , yeah , it would suck for the us if ee went back behind a new iron curtain . 
  but there are a lot of people for whom that would suck a lot more . 
  surstr\u00f6mming is banned by the geneva conventions . 
  i think the us navy has some blimps . 
  i 'm not sure that french is much more consistent than english . 
  if anything , it 's less phonetic . 
  do n't laugh at the besenwaffe .
