  discussions disagreeing with , say , elon musk would likely be far different here than on , say , / r/space or a default sub . 
   yeah the lucky proposition of being the place to actually get wrecked to pieces when usa and soviets decide to get it on with each 0their in their geopolitical pissing match . 
  it 's both dishonest and stupid . 
  ( yes , both ) to pretend that the cold war was just a us/soviet pissing match that only coincidentally affected europe , an innocent party caught in the middle , somehow . 
  the cold war was * about * the future of europe ... with other theaters being basically sideshows . 
  yes , of course the us was protecting us interests . 
  but the us interests were almost 100 % aligned with the interests of people living in western europe . 
   look at the us , you do n't see start ups in idaho actually you do , especially around the university ... although they often end up getting funded from vcs in california . 
   i do n't consider `` should we remain in the eu '' a valid question if ~ ~ all ~ ~ you can answer ~ ~ is yes or ~ ~ no . 
  is n't this what you meant ? 
   if you 're claiming to be on a normal income and it 's way bigger than expected and there is no explanation then people might have some questions . 
  sure ... but why is it any of their business ? 
  because the person who owns the laundry is going to declare their illegal income ? 
  you do know that the us exports more than germany , right ? 
  you know , it 's one thing to disregard a source you know provides bad information . 
  but disregarding a source you know nothing about because of the title is the worst kind of ignorant know-nothingism . 
  it 's like disregarding die zeit because you do n't like time magazine . 
  because there are no racist europeans , right ? 
  you would n't force churches to conduct same sex marriages ; you would simply allow same sex couples to be married officially . 
  it 's up to the couple to find a church that will marry them or get married in a civil ceremony . 
  you ca n't force a catholic church to marry two jews , but that does n't mean that jewish marriage is illegal . 
  us debt is in no way remarkable internationally - japan has much higher debt than the us , and most of europe has about the same . 
  income inequality - primarily caused by people becoming richer - is n't going to make the us `` go under '' . 
   depends , every civilization , no matter their religion , studies the greek philosophers , [ citation needed ], 
  are you saying j.r.r. 
  tolkien is n't the best known south african writer ? 
  rudyard kipling not the most famous indian writer ? 
  ted cruz not the best known canadian ? 
  it was a hard landing . 
  science uses metric , too . 
  but you ca n't force normal people to switch , and there 's really no reason to . 
  the uk is a nice place to visit . 
   all the previous ones ( curiosity included ) were geology missions well , yes and no - viking did tests on soil samples to look for signs of life , and an important goal of subsequent landers has been to determine to what extent water is or was present on mars , as water is a requirement for life . 
  what we really need is a retrieval mission . 
  while i think that we should support all agencies that conduct space exploration , you are delusional if you believe that the esa is on the same level as nasa . 
  nasa has landed seven spacecraft on mars , 5 of them since the mid 90 's . 
  then you will * love * the mcpaella with cheese . 
  it 's celebrated in indiana , too . 
  and pierogi fest !, 
  it 's not real paella unless there 's a rabbit head in it . 
  which is why obama urged the uk not leave the eu ? 
  the us has always supported the eu and continues to do so because it is * so much easier * for us companies to manufacture goods that comply with one standard than to have to meet 26 different standards . 
  you are confusing a `` trade deficit '' with governmental debt . 
  a trade deficit is when more individuals and companies import products from a country than the export to it . 
  there is no `` default '' in that situation . 
  nor is there a `` us '' . 
  there are just a bunch of individual companies . 
  china exports goods to the us for nothing more than money . 
  why do you find that surprising ? 
  the us is surprisingly close to being self sufficient in oil , although it still imports around 20 % . 
   that 's 740 billions missing ... 740\u00a0000\u00a0000\u00a0000 $ missing in their trade balance . 
  you really should n't post about economics if you understand so little of it . 
  the $ 740 b is n't `` missing '' . 
  it 's paid for from money earned in the huge us domestic economy . 
  and this has nothing to do with the us being the reserve currency - aside from those few goods that are internationally priced in dollars ( oil and airplanes ) , the us has to convert dollars to euros or pounds just like everyone else to buy products from countries using those currencies , and the us is hurt or helped ( depending ) by changes in exchange rates just like other countries are . 
   the day china , japan , russia and the eu agree to create a new money for exchange , based on something else than pax-americana , their country is toasted . 
  and this is just wrong . 
  the actual benefit of having the dollars as a reserve currency is pretty low - most experts see .3 to .5 % of the us gdp being due to the dollar 's status as a reserve currency . 
  and this does n't include the negative effects of having a reserve currency , such as the fact that demand for the currency means that the exchange rate is 5-10 % higher than it would otherwise be , harming exports and companies that compete domestically with imported goods . 
  and russia ? 
  it 's incredibly complicated . 
  the wings on airbus planes are produced in the uk , for example , as are some of the engines . 
  ( others are produced in the us , so there are available substitutes ) . 
  using gdp ppp really makes no sense . 
  russia is n't richer because rent is low . 
  using per capital gdp ppp can make sense , as per capital gdp is sort of a rough stand in for personal income , so things like the cost of rent are relevant . 
  the german constitution is really easy to amend , though . 
  2/3 vote of the bundestag and a 2/3 vote of the bundesrat and it 's done . 
  nor the term preferred by the inhabitants . 
  you need to know about bottle portage !, 
  reddit = / = the real world . 
  this is mra bullshit pushed by men who do n't want to take any responsibility . 
  the woman has the right to an abortion because it 's * her * body . 
  it 's not the man 's body ; he has no say . 
  the woman does n't have the right to an abortion because of some general right to be child-free . 
  men and women have to pay child support because they are both responsible for the child . 
  it 's that simple . 
  if a man got pregnant , he would have the same right to exercise control over his body that the woman does . 
  but if the child is born , the * father * is responsible for child support just as the mother is . 
   the technical finesse what does this even mean ? 
  it is more technically challenging to * get to * a comet , absolutely . 
  and if all the apollo missions did was land a probe on the moon , you would be correct . 
  but more technically challenging than sending a one-way probe to a comet is to send three humans to the moon , land there ( later with a vehicle ) , and bring them back . 
  the difficulty with the moon landing was n't hitting the moon . 
  it was taking people there alive * and bringing them back * . 
  but if rosetta had landed people on the comet and brought them back , absolutely . 
  unemployment is a snapshot of people unemployed at a particular period of time . 
  if you lose/quit a job and get a new one two weeks later , you will be included in unemployment statistics taking during that two week period . 
  or russia , to use an example closer to hand . 
  well , closer to that part of europe that is not mexico . 
  the linked story 's title is invented ... the mayor was not beaten by a `` mob '' . 
  it 's not even clear if there was more than one attacker - according to der spiegel there may have just been one . 
  none of this is to downplay the seriousness of the attack , but there is a difference between being attacked by a `` mob '' and being attacked by a lone individual . 
  you 're probably right that it wo n't make much difference in the prices of inexpensive items . 
  but for items that cost # 60 , # 350 , or # 2350 , there is more leeway . 
  that would be a live crime . 
  no , we northern folks do not pay for alabama . 
  except , you know , for the individuals and their families . 
  and also for the country that they 're moving to , i suppose . 
  google translate really struggles with this article .
