   europe and the us define unemployment very differently no , they do n't . 
  they all use the ilo definition of jobless , actively looking for work , and available for work us [ cite ] ( http://www.bls.gov/cps/cps_htgm.htm ) oecd [ cite ] ( https://data.oecd.org/unemp/unemployment-rate.htm ) . 
  eurostat [ cite ] ( http://ec.europa.eu/eurostat/statistics-explained/index.php/unemployment_statistics ), 
   germany 's and denmark 's unions are n't particularly weak , yet those countries have significantly lower unemployment than the us . 
  danish unemployment is 1 point higher than the us ; germany 's is .5 points lower . 
  but compared to countries with 15 or 25 % unemployment , they are basically identical . 
  while i do n't disagree with some of her quality-of-life points , this :  according to data from the organisation for economic co-operation and development , the average swiss worker earned the equivalent of $ 91,574 a year in 2013 , while the average american worker earned only $ 55,708 . 
  is just wrong . 
  the swiss average income is n't $ 91,500 per year ( and the page she linked to does n't say it is , either ) . 
  [ this ] ( http://www.oecdbetterlifeindex.org/countries/switzerland/ ) lists disposable household income for switzerland at $ 33,491 , as opposed to [ $ 41,335 ] ( http://www.oecdbetterlifeindex.org/countries/united-states/ ) for the us . 
  ( disposable income median income is n't quite the same as median income , but it 's not going to make a huge amount of difference ) . 
  again , i do n't disagree with some of her points , including the fact that it can be difficult to get part time professional work in the us . 
  but her salary numbers are crazy . 
  by and large the us will overwork you , but it wo n't underpay you - it 's up to you to decide what you like better . 
  fetchez la vache !, 
  `` overly ? '', 
   no one seems to be aware that no money has been given by german taxpayers to the greeks . 
  and you seem to be unaware that $ 300 billion dollars were loaned to greece . 
  it 's this kind of fundamental dishonesty , repeated in post after post , that causes people to lose sympathy with greek arguments . 
  it 's both . 
  there are a lot of pro-german commenters , and a lot of pro-greek commenters ... and not many in between . 
  so what ? 
  why do you think this makes any difference ? 
  it is awarded by the same people under the same criteria as the prizes mentioned in nobel 's will . 
  do you think that there is a fundamental difference between the prize for chemistry and the prize for economics because one was mentioned in the will and the other was not ? 
  it 's not like this is a nobel prize awarded by the mayor of noble , kansas . 
  that says more about your lack of knowledge than it does about krugman or the nobel prize . 
   the amount of times protectionist governments ( particularly the usa ) would have ( or has done before isds ) favoured home companies over foreign is really overwhelming . 
  examples ? 
  because every time i turn around , some eu country seems to be taking some quasi-protectionist action against a us company . 
  canadians do n't need to google to know how much maple syrup costs . 
  umm , that 's how bridge financing works . 
  this was a loan to help pay bills until they get more money . 
  i think that 's kind of krugman 's point . 
  he was n't privy to greek plans , but he * assumed * ( as anyone would ) that they actually had a plan when they launched their referendum project . 
  but it turned out , no , they did n't - which makes the whole referendum bit a waste , and leads to k 's statement that he overestimated their competence . 
  the reason men are forced to pay in the us ( but i suspect this is true in europe as well ) is because the child support belongs to ( or is for the benefit of ) the child , not the mother . 
  the mother ca n't agree to waive child support because it is not her 's to waive ; it belongs to the child . 
  my mom volunteers at a charity store that accepts donations of used items ( clothing , furniture , appliances , etc. 
  ) , cleans them up , and sells them at extremely low prices . 
  they have n't accepted crt tvs or computer monitors for several years now because no one wants them at any price . 
  it 's weird that they even use the term `` color tv '' . 
  i do n't think you 've been able to buy a black and white tv for - what , 20 years now ? 
  longer ? 
   when the wealthy northern part of the united states tried to expand federal power it led to one of the most violent wars of the 19th century and polarized the nation for the next 150 years . 
  the northern states did n't try to expand federal power . 
  they tried to prevent new states entering the union from coming in as slave states , which the southern states saw as an attack on slavery , leading to the civil war . 
  the real expansion of federal power did n't come after the civil war ( which , aside from the issue of slavery , left states essentially with the same amount of autonomy ) ; it came during the great depression , when the collapse of the economy showed that greater centralization and control over the economy was necessary . 
  ( although there had been an incremental increase in federal power throughout the 19th century , mostly following the railroad and increasing trade and industrialization - but this had more to do with the existing competencies of the federal government becoming more important than them changing fundamentally . 
  control over interstate commerce was not that important in 1790 , when 90 % of the population were farmers who never traveled more than 30 miles ; it was much more important in 1890 when railroads connected all states and the us was a massively industrialized country . ), 
  the us - since 1792 - has been a federal state , not a federation . 
  in a federal state , the central has overall supremacy , with carve-outs for autonomy of the individual states . 
  in a federation , the individual states have overall supremacy , but they grant certain decision-making rights to the central government . 
  the us spends 7 % of its budget on the debt . 
  [ cite ] ( http://www.cbpp.org/research/policy-basics-where-do-our-federal-tax-dollars-go ) i 'm not sure where you 're getting 20 % . 
  interest payments are 1.3 % of the us gdp . 
  happily , this kind of trigger warning insanity is ( so far ) limited to a handful of universities and is n't widespread . 
  ironically , however , the article mistakenly describes the metamorphoses as an 8th century work , which suggests that the author - for all of his lip service about the greatness of european literature , etc. 
  - is n't really in a position to have an opinion on the matter . 
  ( he is correct , but it would have been a nice gesture to have at least someone involved in the article who had read the metamorphoses , or at least knew enough about the classics to know when it was written ) . 
  i 've read it ; it 's one of my favorite books . 
  it 's also a book about a pedophile , though . 
  it was detained by police , placed in a police car , driven to the station , and not permitted to leave . 
  close enough . 
  the squirrel will begin studying at the university of oslo in the fall . 
  the us has a minimum wage ( $ 7.25 / hour ) . 
  only about 1 % of full time adult workers make minimum wage . 
  walmart 's lowest starting wage is $ 9/hour . 
  $ 48 billion in venture capital for the entire us . 
  [ link ] ( http://nvca.org/pressreleases/annual-venture-capital-investment-tops-48-billion-2014-reaching-highest-level-decade-according-moneytree-report/ ), 
  it is ; the fact that a politician is n't popular with the populace does n't mean that they do n't prefer him to some other even less popular candidate . 
  there are dozens of places selling shwarma in my city . 
  vapiano is large for a german chain , but there are only 60 of them in all of germany , compared to 1500 mcdonald 's . 
   that 's what we in america do . 
  no , it is n't . 
  it 's not comparable at all . 
  the us is * one * country . 
  it taxes everyone in the us at the same rate , and everyone in the us qualifies for the same need or age based benefits . 
  neither minnesota or mississippi have * anything * to do with this . 
  of course you can look at the taxes paid and benefits received by people living in minnesota , and compare that with the taxes paid and benefits received by people in mississippi , and , * in the aggregate * , people in mn may have paid in more than they received , and people in ms may have paid in less . 
  but this is no different that what happens in * every other country * . 
  there 's nothing unique about the us in this . 
  compare the taxes paid and benefits received by people the south west ( of the uk ) with those paid and received by people in the west midlands , and you 'll see the same difference . 
  all countries have richer and poorer parts , and there will always be this kind of unequal distribution . 
  minnesota does not appropriate money to mississippi because it 's poor , nor does the us government . 
  aside from solidarity payments to east germany ( if they still exist ) , countries do n't tend to do that . 
  basically , all taxes paid by everyone in the country are vacuumed up into a big pot , and then the money is distributed to individuals on the basis of whatever need-based assistance they are entitled to . 
  this process is state-agnostic , and it 's only by looking at aggregate numbers that you can see what the effect is . 
  no one is talking about taxing everyone in the eu at the same rate , and giving everyone in the eu the same benefits . 
  no one is talking about anything close to that . 
  that is what the us system is ( and the system in all unified countries ) , so it 's pointless to talk what the us and other countries do wrt proposed eu `` transfer payment '' . 
  a transfer payment would mean that people from each country appropriate a certain amount from their budget to an eu agency , who then transfers it to the government of relatively poor countries . 
  not at all the system in the the us . 
  i think this is basically right - greeks voted for tsipras because they wanted him to end austerity * and * keep them in the euro ... but also because they trust him to make the best deal he can if he ca n't end austerity . 
  while i disagree with a lot of what he 's done , it 's hard to argue that he has n't carried out his conflicted mandate , so far , as much as possible given the constraints of reality . 
   and why should the greek people feel inclined to pay for the debt they did n't benefit from and that is being put on the poor to pay ? 
  why should n't they revolt against this theft ? 
  because they need new money , and lots of it . 
  it 's not enough for them to just not pay what they already owe ; they need to borrow $ 80 b more from the ez . 
  and they are n't likely to get that if they tear up the agreements they 've made with the potential lenders .
