  they mostly grew up in belgium . 
  osama bin laden was n't uneducated either - he went to university . 
  pretending that there is a simple solution to fixing the causes of this problem is naive and unhelpful . 
  you can get high quality bread in the us only if you go to a specialty baker . 
  i - randomly - live within walking distance of a german bakery/coffee shop . 
  but that has to do with the part of town i live in ; i can go to a different bakery for french bread , too . 
  but doing that requires making a special trip , which most people wo n't do . 
  i think that supermarket vegetables in germany and france are noticeably better than in the us . 
  ( they also do n't keep as long , which probably shows what the problem is ) . 
  if i go to a farmer 's market ( which is pretty convenient in a lot of the us , although much less so than going to a grocery store ) , i can get better produce than that sold at french or german grocery stores . 
  but even there , i ca n't get produce as good as that sold in french specialty vegetable/fruit markets . 
  which are open almost every day . 
  this is the australian media , not the american . 
  and most of the american media strongly condemned the charlie hebdo attacks , so i do n't really know where you 're getting that , either . 
   there is no `` correct '' way but comparing nominals does n't factor in prices or currency differences . 
  ppp is vastly superior in this regard as it compares the goods you can buy in each country . 
  you compare gdp in the same currency , obviously . 
  that has nothing to do with ppp . 
  again , you do n't understand what the gdp is . 
  it 's not salaries . 
  it has nothing to do with salaries . 
  it is , simply put , the value of all goods and services produced in a country . 
  not how affordable the country is . 
   ppp is the correct way to compare gdps across countries . 
  no , it is n't . 
  ppp is relevant when comparing salaries and costs of living . 
  it has nothing to do with gdp , which is the value of all goods produced in a country . 
  countries with higher costs of living do n't produce fewer goods because they are expensive . 
  gdp per capita = / = median personal income . 
  using ppp is very relevant when comparing personal incomes between countries . 
  it 's not relevant when comparing gdps - it 's actually misleading . 
  the high cost of living in switzerland does n't mean that their gdp is any lower than it actually is ; nor does the low cost of living in china mean that their gdp is actually higher . 
  per-capita gdps * look like * income figures , but they are n't at all . 
  they are just the gdp of the country divided by the population of the country . 
  there is only a loose relationship between actual salaries and gdp per capita . 
  ( if you divide google 's net income ( not including money spent on salaries ) by their number of employees , you can get a gdp-per-capita-like figure for google , but it wo n't tell you much about salaries ) . 
  in most countries , internal trade is a larger contributor to gdp than foreign trade . 
  in the us , foreign trade is only responsible for 30 % of gdp ; even in an export-focused country like germany , foreign trade is responsible for less than half of the country 's gdp ( 45 % or so ) . 
  also , poor countries : ( 1 ) tend to have much less internal trade ; and ( 2 ) tend to have a much higher population . 
  if iceland 's population were 3 million rather than 300,000 , and the additional population consisted of subsistence farmers , the the per capita gdp would drop to something like $ 5,000 . 
   a problem with that is the rights enurmerated in the constitution were clearly meant for individual people there 's no reason to believe this at all ; it 's certainly not `` clear '' . 
  the first amendment is a prohibition directed at government ; it prohibits the government from making a law abridging freedom of speech . 
  it does n't say that individuals have the right to freedom of speech . 
  nor does it say that government may make a law abridging the freedom of speech of corporations . 
  look at some of the other rights in the constitution . 
  can the government search a corporation 's property without a warrant because the 4th amendment only applies to individuals ? 
  can the government exercise eminent domain over the property of a corporation without paying compensation because the 5th amendment only applies to individuals ? 
  can the government seize all of the property of a corporation because due process only applies to individuals ? 
  is a corporation not entitled to a jury trial because the 7th amendment only applies to individuals ? 
  of course not ; the claim is ridiculous . 
  not only that ; it 's actually harmful . 
  some of the most important 1st amendment cases involve corporations - ny times v. sullivan , for example , or us vs. ny times ( the pentagon papers case ) . 
  if freedom of the press did not apply to corporations , but only to individuals , we would have much less freedom . 
  no metric system in 1755 . 
  which is why the measurement was given in spanish galleons . 
  i 'll show myself out ... 
  then we could start calling `` wieners '' `` vindoboners '' !, 
  and today 's `` greeks ? '', 
   would it not be great if we all learned that ? 
  well , esperanto is a great candidate for that , a complete simple language ready to go since a hundred years . 
  but the fact that it has failed miserably for 100 years suggests that it 's actually not such a great candidate . 
   good to pick up chicks and go on holidays , i ca n't think of a better reason to learn a language ... 
   try reading newton 's english , that 's fucking hard , not as hard as learning latin ... 
  no , they still wo n't be languages . 
  this may be true - but i do n't think i 've had a burger in the us as good as the ones you can get at otherwise unpretentious restaurants in france . 
   europe is being flooded because europe opened the gates . 
  that 's the only reason . 
  this could have all been avoided . 
  when did europeans become so sensitive ? 
  grow up . 
  a french woman is writes an article in the ny times for giving her impression of problems in europe . 
  and instead of writing * anything * about what she actually says , you immediately complain that it was published in the ny times and is therefore illegitimate . 
  what are you afraid of ? 
  fwiw , the us accepts 1 million migrants every year . 
  is that enough to allow people in the us to read news about europe , or do we have to get some special license ? 
   neah dude , we 're simply not stupid to go in pointless wars . 
  ummm ... 
   there is only one nation in the world which has enough influence on america to make america side with her over another ally ( the falklands war ) , the us sided with germany on reunification over the objections of another ally - france . 
  i 'm not exactly sure what you 're saying , but i 'm pretty sure that you are wrong . 
  here 's the german rape law :  section 177 sexual assault by use of force or threats ; rape  whosoever coerces another person 1 . by force ; 2 . by threat of imminent danger to life or limb ; or 3 . by exploiting a situation in which the victim is unprotected and at the mercy of the offender , to suffer sexual acts by the offender or a third person on their own person or to engage actively in sexual activity with the offender or a third person , shall be liable to imprisonment of not less than one year . 
  here 's an american rape law :  a person who knowingly or intentionally has sexual intercourse with another person or knowingly or intentionally causes another person to perform or submit to other sexual conduct when :  ( 1 ) the other person is compelled by force or imminent threat of force ;  ( 2 ) the other person is unaware that the sexual intercourse or other sexual conduct is occurring ; or  ( 3 ) the other person is so mentally disabled or deficient that consent to sexual intercourse or other sexual conduct can not be given ; commits rape , a level 3 felony . 
  in both cases , the state has to prove some sort of force or exploitation . 
  in both cases , consent would negate the crime ( assuming no exploitation ) because there was no force or coercion . 
  you do n't have any idea what you are talking about . 
  i studied law in the us . 
  i studied law in germany . 
  both have criminal statutes . 
  both sets of statutes are really clear . 
  here 's the german theft statute :  section 242 theft  ( 1 ) whosoever takes chattels belonging to another away from another with the intention of unlawfully appropriating them for himself or a third person shall be liable to imprisonment not exceeding five years or a fine . 
   ( 2 ) the attempt shall be punishable . 
  here 's my state 's theft statute  a person who knowingly or intentionally exerts unauthorized control over property of another person , with intent to deprive the other person of any part of its value or use , commits theft , a class a misdemeanor . 
  they are both equally clear . 
  most criminal statutes * are * clear . 
  even the irish statute is very clear . 
  the court cases that you mostly hear about in the us are cases involving constitutional law , which is n't part of the common law tradition at all . 
  or else you just hear people arguing that they did n't do the crime . 
  it 's a lot easier to argue that the police violated your rights when they stopped you than to try and argue that , say , a car is n't `` property '' . 
  people read about common law and get this weird idea in their head about how it works . 
  in the us , we also have something called the penal code . 
  they do in ireland , too .
