  i * think * the last time a european tourist was murdered in the us was in 2010 . 
  even better [ bohemia ] ( http://shakespeare.mit.edu/winters_tale/winters_tale.3.3.html ), 
  and of course you think this is unique to europe . 
  [ u.s. 
  blocks arms sale to saudi arabia amid concerns over yemen war ] ( https://www.nytimes.com/2016/12/13/us/politics/saudi-arabia-arms-sale-yemen-war.html ), 
  but in tax deals it does n't . 
  they are the second largest economy in the eu . 
  what do you mean they have no specialized knowledge ? 
  they have a ton of specialized knowledge ; the fact that you do n't know this means that you are ill-informed . 
   an individual country is easily bought for a massive corporation like that . 
  there are also italian and french rulings against some of these corporations , though . 
   while the uk ... has currently a 175 billion deficit of its trade balance worldwide , 147 billions with the rest of europe alone . 
  this is bad for the eu , not bad for the uk . 
   on a country by country basis this trade deficit is very much diluted and not that significant in the grand scheme of things . 
  it 's more complicated : the uk imports a lot from germany and france , but much less from the reu . 
  so those countries might be significantly affected , with other countries barely affected at all . 
  it 's a list from rwb based on what they feel is important . 
  i do n't think it 's really about `` press freedom '' as much as it is about how easy it is for reporters to get information . 
  so they downrate countries that investigate leaks or have whistleblower laws that they do n't like . 
  or whose leaders do n't give as many press conferences as they would like . 
  they are less concerned about the ability of news outlets to actually publish information , which is what most people think of when they think about freedom of the press . 
  for freedom of the press ? 
  you have no idea . 
  the uk should be worse because of their extreme libel laws and official secrets act . 
  i remember being surprised that it was a real place after reading about it in the cmc . 
  the name seemed made up to add mystery . 
  germans hate it when someone challenges german companies . 
  if tesla 's next project was a craft beer company , their heads would explode . 
  the pay at grohmann is a good example : the workers at the company were paid less than ( arguably ) comparable companies when the company was owned by grohmann . 
  tesla bought the company , slightly increased the pay , offered stock options and job guarantees . 
  and as soon as ig metall complains about the pay ( which tesla did n't institute ) , he is demonized for paying more than the previous owner . 
  except that tesla did n't really change conditions for grohmann employees ; they were also underpaid when grohmann owned the company . 
   there must always be a tech-jesus to worship , it is the iron rule of reddit . 
  people who like musk generally dislike steve jobs . 
   they do n't have much proprietary when it comes to their main business ; selling electric cars . 
  they have a lot of proprietary tech when it comes to batteries however . 
   there is absolutely no incentive for the eu to go easy on britain and negotiate a deal that results in a happy prosperous uk . 
  there is , though . 
  and i do n't understand why so many people itt do n't seem to understand it . 
  trade is a two-way street . 
  the eu ca n't hurt the uk without hurting itself . 
  and the more it hurts the uk the more it hurts itself . 
  which is not to say that the uk would n't be hurt worse than the eu ; it certainly could be . 
  but hurting the uk does n't help the eu . 
  no one objects to the argument that the system is n't working . 
  people object to the claim that a random `` revolution '' will make things better . 
  a left wing revolution ? 
  a right wing revolution ? 
  no one cares . 
  but if you do n't think it matters , you are an idiot . 
  no wonder so many people voted for brexit . 
   then we should invoke article 7 and take the issue out of their hands . 
  article 7 is for human rights violations . 
  umm , they do remain in europe . 
  there probably is - and maybe should be - an eu wide way to implement something like this . 
  where you would calculate the total profit made in the eu , tax that at some standard rate , and then divide the tax among eu countries on a pro-rata basis ( although determining the pro-rata basis might be difficult ) . 
  but with the half-assed way the eu 's tax system is set up now , this plan would n't work . 
  it would need to be set up to work the same in every country . 
  i would be happy if the us did away with the electoral college . 
  but  brazil or russia or mexico or austria dispense with it just fine this does n't really apply - the us was made out of independent states . 
   the eu will probably never have a presidential election precisely because it is essentially impossible to do a reasonably fair presidential election when the electoral system has to incorporate states . 
  my point was not that europe will federalize ; my point was that * if * it does , it will adopt * some * system to protect small states against the popular vote . 
  they should award it some missiles : this typhoon has two 1000 liter drop tanks but no missiles . 
  while i 'm not really a fan of the electoral college , it is a function of having a federal system . 
  if the eu ever federalizes , it will come up with its own scheme to address the small country/large country problem . 
  and the result of that will be that , sometimes , the winner of the popular vote wo n't be the winner of the eu federalized vote . 
  this was addressed 250 years ago in the us because it was a problem then . 
  europe has n't federalized , so it has n't been a problem in europe yet . 
  i do n't care whether they include turkey , although i do think they should have included * all * of turkey . 
  yeah , the title ( not to mention the image of the domed city ) is a little overblown for what the article actually says . 
  there were industrial targets ... but bombs were so inaccurate that landing within a mile of the target was considered pretty good . 
  so the solution was to use lots and lots of planes . 
  it 's pretty hard to argue that * berlin * should not have been bombed . 
   you mean like some moving machinery actually ripping drivers balls off ? 
  could you please elaborate on this fascinating subject . 
  yes . 
  wikipedia has this somewhat less interesting bit :  additionally , the adoption of the autoloader was highly controversial for several reasons :  early versions of the autoloader lacked safety features and were dangerous to the tank crews ( especially the gunner , who sits nearby ) : limbs could be easily caught in the machinery , leading to injuries and deaths . 
  a sleeve unknowingly snagged on one of the autoloader 's moving parts could also drag a crewman into the apparatus upon firing . 
   that happend because you once bought used a4s from the netherland grey market tanks . 
  i bet there 's no warranty , either . 
  i think 3 weeks would be enough . 
   armored cars are called in every now this happens a lot more in germany . 
   kinetic is mostly useless . 
  you have no idea what you are talking about . 
  kinetic is extremely useful ; it 's what mbts use . 
  tandem warheads have nothing to do with kinetic weapons ; they are only useful in helping nonkinetic weapons deal with reactive armor . 
  reactive armor does n't help against kinetic weapons . 
  that 's mostly not true , either . 
  * try * to apply some critical thinking and recognize that not everything you read is true . 
  even on the internet . 
   difference is that i do n't have to spend nearly as much of my income on healthcare for example . 
  most americans do n't either . 
  for middle class and higher jobs , it 's almost always paid by the employer . 
   it 's not unusual to see late 20s / early 30s guys posting about 90k salaries with incredible debts living paycheck to paycheck . 
  many of those people ( if they are n't lying about their salaries in the first place ) are living in high cost of living areas . 
  $ 90k in sf or nyc is nothing to brag about . 
   the cultural wealth is beyond anything in the world , except for , you know , music and literature and art . 
   once you add in average healthcare costs and other things it starts to close the gap not for most people making $ 100k in the us . 
  do n't forget northern europe, 
   unmanned , remote controled turrets like on the armata will be the way to go in the future .
