  it 's been growing faster than europe since the end of the recession . 
  this varies a lot in the us based on job tenure ( which is much less the case in europe . 
  the average american with a full time private sector job ( i did n't find data for white collar jobs specifically , but they are likely to be slightly better ) gets 10 vacation days and 8 holidays after 1 year ; 14 and 8 after 5 years , 17 and 8 after 10 years , and 20 and 8 after 20 years . 
  in my day , it was mostly monty python . 
  common sense is n't interesting . 
  this is right . 
  it 's probably more correct to say that irish americans finally felt completely accepted when there was an irish american president . 
  and although most discrimination against the irish took place in the 19th century , you could still find the occasional `` no irish need apply '' signs into the 19-teens . 
  meaning that a 60 year old who voted for jfk could have experienced active discrimination in his youth . 
  ( although it still would have been comparatively rare ) . 
  catalytic converters were also required in the us long before they were in europe . 
  you think this only happens in the us ? 
  after losing the 2005 election , gerhard schr\u00f6der became a global manager for the rothschild investment bank and now is the chairman of nord stream ag . 
  the only difference is that the us news actually reports on this . 
  european news media are a lot more deferential to their elites . 
  but just because the media does n't report on it does n't mean it does n't happen . 
  you are posting a chomsky article with a quote on perceptions of the us as a threat to peace at the time of the iraq war . 
  apparently you could n't find an article actually discussing the details of the privacy shield , so you substituted a random anti-american article instead ? 
  one from 15 years ago that does n't deal with tech ? 
  why do people post without having read the article ? 
   a leak obtained by the guardian shows that the eu will propose a rollback of mandatory energy savings measures , and major obstacles to any future pricing schemes designed to encourage the uptake of renewable energies . 
   i would n't say that many people want the uk to crash and burn . 
  in this sub they do . 
   but i would hardly call it a `` leak '' if you get hold of a document that 's about to be released publicly anyway . 
  true ... but i did n't see any evidence that it was about to be released publicly . 
  the sz piece gives the impression that the draft was leaked - they have extensive quotes from the draft , but no official quotes from anyone else . 
   are you saying you actually disagree with affirmative consent ? 
   all thinking people disagree with affirmative consent . 
  a man and a woman have been married ten years . 
  they come home from a restaurant , look in each other 's eyes , and immediately undress and have enthusiastic sex on the living room floor . 
  a healthy married life ? 
  no - according to you , they should * both * be arrested for rape because neither received affirmative consent from the other . 
   sexual activity ought to be illegal when either one of the partners does not consent to it . 
  do you not understand the difference between `` consent '' and `` affirmative consent ? '', 
  emojis are n't a substitute for facts . 
  yes ... but most people think that saving the financial system was the best use of that money . 
  it was an attack through belgium and north france aimed at paris . 
  wwii was an inverse schlieffen - the germans sent troops through north belgium ( and holland this time ) to make it appear that they were doing another schlieffen ; when the french and brits committed their troops to stop this attack , the germans sent their tanks and main army through the ardennes ( south belgium ) ; these units broke through the thin french lines and maginot fortification ( all the action was supposed to be elsewhere ) , pinned the allied troops in the north between two german armies , and rampaged freely over most of the rest of france . 
  most of the british troops were able to escape the german encirclement at dunkirk , although they left * huge * amounts of heavy equipment on the beach - something like 700 tanks and even more artillery . 
  `` if you want dinner , you 're going to need to seize the means of production yourself . '', 
   germany , with proportional representation , is obviously far more democratic . 
  why do germans always think that they are better than everyone else ? 
  bernie sanders could n't be elected in germany because his party could n't meet the 5 % hurdle . 
  that does n't sound super democratic to me . 
  there is also a disturbing tendency in germany to attempt to ban political parties . 
  only an idiot would vote for the npd ... but i find it just as disturbing that the government and existing political parties keep trying to ban it . 
  despite the fact that the party actually has elected officials in regional parliaments . 
  and the revelation that about 30 of the top 200 npd leaders were actually undercover officers sent to spy on the npd should disturb a lot more people than it does ( and , to be fair , it did disturb the federal constitutional court , if only because so many of the documents introduced as evidence to outlaw the party turned out to have been written by the undercover operatives ) . 
   then i don \u00b4 t know what is . . 
  the un charter bans wars of aggression , not all wars . 
  unfortunately , `` aggression '' is n't defined . 
  we know that self-defense is * not * aggression , of course ... and we know that a war designed to capture territory * is * aggression . 
  but there 's a lot of grey between those extremes . 
  the un charter bans `` wars of aggression '' , not all unsanctioned wars . 
  is your goal in life to hang out on / r/europe and bash the us ? 
  / u/laboe said that all us media supported the gulf war . 
  / u/oahut corrected him/her . 
   the advantages are speaking for themselves . 
  not exactly . 
  i think the uk would be happy to be in the eec again ; they just do n't want to be in the eu . 
  umm , edoardo campanella is not an american , you cunt . 
  and if you do n't want to be exposed to ideas that disturb you , perhaps you should avoid the internet entirely . 
   in an era of inevitable and exponential automation of industries all across the board , which you have invented ... 
   the democratic vote was rigged though , millions of people in pro bernie areas who had recently registered were mysteriously wiped . 
  you need to get news from a place other than / r/sandersforpresident . 
   of the 126,000 democratic voters taken off from the rolls in brooklyn , ryan said 12,000 had moved out of borough , while 44,000 more had been placed in an inactive file after mailings to their homes bounced back . 
  an additional 70,000 were already inactive and , having failed to vote in two successive federal elections or respond to cancel notices , were removed . 
  note that there are not millions ; they are registered democrats , not `` sanders supporters '' , and they were removed in the same way that all inactive voters are removed . 
   mugabe was originally democratically elected . 
  yes . 
  the same year ronald reagan was first elected . 
   usa ? 
  no one actually calculates gdp on a day-to-day basis using fluctuations in the exchange rate . 
  i notice you never actually addressed his point . 
  losing 30 % of its export market ( or a significant percentage of that ) is not going to be good for the german car industry . 
  it likely will be good for lexus and toyota , though . 
  this is true - but wto rules may favor the uk . 
  ( although this is incredibly complex . ), 
  for example , the wto sets no tariffs on pharmaceuticals ( which is a big industry in the uk ) , but allows tariffs of up to 10 % on passenger automobiles ( and of course a lot of german cars are exported to the uk ) . 
  and then there is this : three companies manufacture engines for airbus - rolls-royce ( uk ) , ut ( pratt and whitney , us ) , and ge ( us ) . 
  [ note : bmw only bought the car-manufacturing part of rr , not the aircraft engine manufacturing bit ] . 
  so the eu could impose tariffs on aircraft engines manufactured in the uk ... but the result would be that aircraft engines from the us would be more competitive . 
  while the difference is only about 1 % anyway , i believe the us edged ahead at the beginning of the year due to slightly greater growth since the end of the recession . 
  but , yeah , with the uk leaving the difference will be more pronounced ( although it 's not clear that the comparison has much real meaning ) . 
   an american talking about a nationwide superiority complex ... kinda funny , do n't you think ? 
  what other topics are americans not allowed to talk about ? 
   but the rebate makes no sense anymore . 
  even with the rebate , the uk 's net contribution is more than 50 % more than france 's : http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/europe/8036097.stm#start, 
  why do you you think she 's corrupt ? 
  because berniebots on reddit claim she 's corrupt ? 
  that 's not great evidence . 
   first sucessfull non violent revolution , what 's this one ? 
  but with trade , you ca n't really punish one country without the punisher also being punished . 
   if interest rises it does for all the debt not just new debt . 
  no , that 's not how it works at all . 
  countries raise money by selling bonds . 
  a bond has a fixed interest rate for its duration . 
  so if spain sells a 10 year bond at 1 % , it only pays 1 % for the 10 year period . 
  no matter what happens with interest rates . 
  but it looks like he stole some american 's jetpack .
