  fisher was violating un sanctions imposed on yugoslavia for the war and genocide in bosnia-herzegovina, 
   highly educated migrants are rarely a problem , regardless of religion . 
  this is the key point . 
  there are about 3 million muslims in the us ( slightly more than half are immigrants ) , but there is a very very low level of radicalization because immigration procedures generally favor educated ( or at least not uneducated ) immigrants . 
  which is why they said they wanted a strong uk in a strong eu ? 
  it 's a smoke screen ? 
  double bluff ? 
  it 's an xk red technique ? 
  are you illiterate ? 
  the us said : `` we want a strong uk in a strong eu '' . 
  it 's a really simple sentence . 
  an opponent of the uk ( from `` vote leave '' said that the us only wants the uk in the eu so the us can influence the eu ) . 
  which is pure spin . 
  here 's the actual quote :  `` here again however , i want to express the confidence of president obama and all of us in america that , just as it has so many times before , europe is going to emerge stronger than ever , provided it stays united and builds common responses to these challenges , '' he said . 
  `` now obviously , the united states has a profound interest in your [ the eu 's ] success as we do in a very strong united kingdom staying in a strong eu . '', 
  really manipulative . 
   how about you guys stop telling us to do what you guys want ? 
  as soon as the uk closes its embassies in * every other country * . 
  since , you know , that 's why countries have embassies , foreign ministries , departments of state , etc. 
  and i seem to recall , fairly recently , the uk criticizing germany for its refugee policy , and greece for its debt policy . 
   it 's state-sanctioned theft by the government , politicians tripping over themselves to give tax money back to a company rather than have it actually go into the government coffers . 
  it 's not theft . 
  no matter how much the uk wants those tax revenues for themselves , it 's still not theft . 
  small countries promote this because they are afraid that these multinationals will ignore their countries entirely and do all of their business in germany/france/uk ( since those are the larger , richer countries ) * unless * they have something to offer the multis that they ca n't get in the larger countries . 
  so they offer lower taxes . 
  so that * something * goes into the dutch government coffers rather than nothing going into dutch coffers , and much more goes into the government coffers of f/d/uk . 
  it 's easier to do business if you just need to follow one set of rules . 
  is this what they mean by `` democracy deficit ? '', 
  it actually sounds less interventionist than that - it sounds like he 's just going to talk to leaders in europe . 
  not make public speeches . 
  the murder rate is massive . 
  the overall crime rate is much more similar . 
  the argument that the us sucks because so many americans are wealthy is ... interesting . 
   you 're not making a point . 
  you 're just justifying a skewed ratio by saying it 's fair . 
  and you are putting your fingers in your ears and not listening to him . 
  a lot of industry groups have extremely narrow interests . 
  olive oil manufacturers , for example , or companies that paint cars . 
  these organizations have very narrow , specific , and concrete interests which can be affected by the treaty . 
   but as long as legit huge ngo 's with millions of members say they are n't being heard the meetings are undoubtedly favoring private interest groups . 
  the fact that you think that the * size * of the ngo is relevant means that you do n't understand the process at all . 
  is n't a union a private interest group ? 
  it does n't really make sense to talk about fiscal transfers in the us . 
  the us government takes in tax money in accordance with law and spends the money it takes in accordance with law . 
  as it turns out , it takes in disproportionately more money from individuals who live in certain states , and pays out disproportionately more money to individuals living in other states . 
  but all of these individuals are americans ( or legal residents at least ) , and the collection and disbursement of the money is from individuals and to individuals . 
  the fact that people living in , say , alabama , receive more money than they pay out is n't because of specific transfers to alabama ; it just happens because those individuals all live in alabama . 
  if they moved en masse to ohio , they would still pay the same taxes and get the same benefits . 
  it * sounds * similar to fiscal transfers in the eu , but it is n't really very similar at all . 
   with the surplus you can buy assets . 
  what do you mean ? 
  you can buy assets anyway . 
  housing in berlin is not scarce . 
  this is an important point , although the linked article does suggest that the violent crime rate in the uk is higher than in the us , * maybe * even twice as high , but certainly not five times higher . 
  the burglary rate in the uk seems to be higher , as does the overall crime rate . 
  but murder is clearly an outlier ... and also obviously much worse than having your house robbed while you are at work . 
   i 'm not sure how this press release could be this incorrect ? 
  it 's not really incorrect . 
  but it 's a report from the `` united nations economic commission for europe '' and its focus is only on europe . 
  ( the un has five five regional commissions like this ) . 
  you can find what you want [ here ] ( http://www.oecdbetterlifeindex.org ) , i think . 
  but the us still comes up with significantly more discretionary income - $ 10,000 more than germany . 
  differences in leisure time activities like travel probably have more to do with : ( 1 ) significantly less vacation time in general ; and ( 2 ) a higher percentage of families with children . 
   well there is just one way to spell , the official way . 
  sez who ? 
   sounds anything but neutral to me how does it not sound neutral ? 
  the trusts in sd provide a * legal * way for people to avoid us estate taxes . 
  the accounts in switzerland provided an illegal way for people to avoid paying us taxes . 
  that 's why it is fraud and the sd trusts are not ( if probably not the best use of legislation ) . 
  did you not read the article or not understand it ? 
  tax fraud is illegal . 
  the trusts is sd are not illegal ; they provide a legal way of reducing or avoiding us estate taxes . 
  tax avoidance , not evasion . 
  after reading the headline , i was surprised at how small the wage increase actually was - it 's 2.5 % - and that it was nevertheless the largest increase in 20 years . 
  it 's going to be a combination of things . 
  even with tuition increases , for most students living expenses are still the biggest expense of college , so a lot of students without loans probably lived at home while going to school - at least for some of the time . 
  note that there are also some significant tax credits and deductions available for tuition and fees . 
  probably the majority ( or at least plurality ) of students who graduated without loans : ( 1 ) lived at home for some or all of their time in college ; ( 2 ) received a partial scholarship ( partial scholarships are pretty common , although full scholarships are fairly rare ) ; ( 3 ) paid some expenses themselves , from jobs or otherwise ; and ( 4 ) had some expenses paid by their parents . 
  tuition at a good state school runs about $ 10,000 , so a $ 3000 scholarship plus $ 4000 from parents plus $ 3000 from the student would cover everything , assuming the student lived at home . 
  note that for most students , tax credits would reduce $ 10,000 in tuition to $ 7,500 in tuition . 
  ( this is a credit , not a deduction ; it can be taken by the parents or the student , or both , in proportion to their respective tuition payments ) . 
  but there are lots of alternative ways that this can happen . 
  some parents are going to be able to pay for all , or most of college . 
  some students work full time and may be able to pay for everything themselves , at the cost of taking 5 or 6 years to graduate ( this is going to be more common with slightly older students who are married ) . 
  some students will get full ride scholarships . 
  some students will have tuition paid for by work , or will have been in the army , which offers decent grants for college . 
  and some students ( particularly in tech or finance ) may get internships or part time jobs that pay enough that they can pay their own way . 
   i think belgium 's education system failed 5 residents of belgiun thought it was ok to rape this girl . 
  i do n't think it makes sense to blame schools for this . 
  school did n't teach me not to rape ( or murder or commit burglary , etc. ), 
   bachelors takes three years , so you end up owing 24.000 euros for your degree . 
  ( if you dont work ) . 
  deduct the 450 euros a month you earn for 10 hours of work a week and that leaves you with ... the price of a big vacation . 
  for a bachelors degree . 
  i know what i 'd want . 
  it 's not really as dire as that . 
  30 % of americans graduate without student loans , and of those who do graduate with loans , the average amount owed is $ 27,000 . 
  $ 25,000 if you go to a state school . 
  there * are * people with very high loans , but they are more rare than you would think . 
  something like 0.2 % of undergrads graduate owning $ 100,000 or more ( and 6.4 % of grad students ) .
