  australia and nz are also islands ; canada , however , drives on the right , like the us . 
  there is so much wrong in this . 
  first of all , the bulk of the german tank forces were not superior to us tanks at all . 
  ( the most produced afv , the stug iii , did n't even have a turret ) . 
  the relatively small number of panthers and tigers , while unreliable and difficult to manufacture in the quantities needed , were formidable from the front aspect . 
  but there was generally no need to fight them from the front aspect . 
  overall , being a us tank crewman was one of the safest combat jobs in the us army . 
  the betamax was not superior to vhs machines . 
  the betamax had slightly better ( very slightly better ) picture quality . 
  but a betamax player could n't record a show longer than an hour , whereas vhs could record two hours . 
  this was the real reason people preferred vhs : they wanted to record movies from tv and you could n't do that with betamax . 
  interesting . 
  but why did they decide to switch at 5 p.m. ? 
   tell that to bill gates , the ~ ~ second ~ ~ richest and single most charitable person on the planet . 
  as of this year , he 's the richest person again , despite having given away $ 40 billion . 
   it would be interesting to see a graph of inequality of us states vs eu countries . 
  just to see how is us doing with bringing the poorer regions on an even keel . 
  median income by state in the us ranges from a high of $ 70,000 in maryland to a low of $ 40,000 in mississippi . 
  ( these differences are closer than they seem , as maryland has a relatively high cost of living , while mississippi has the lowest col in the us ) . 
  overall median is $ 54,000 . 
  unemployment is 6.6 % ( apr ) in mississippi and 5.3 % ( apr ) in maryland . 
  us unemployment rate is 5.3 % ( july ) . 
  [ presumably , the unemployment rate in ms and md have declined slightly since april ], 
  the airport in berlin will cost 8 billion euros . 
  that 's not really a lot of money as these things go . 
   it 's how the u.s works in a * very general * sense , yes . 
  but in reality this has little bearing on how it would work in europe . 
  in the us , the same tax laws apply to every person , regardless of what state they live in , and federal welfare and other social service benefits ( 60 % of the budget ) are also available to every person under the same conditions , regardless of what state they live in . 
  80 % of the taxes paid by americans are federal taxes . 
  so everyone in the country pays taxes in to the government according to the same laws , and everyone in the country receives from the government social benefits according to the same laws . 
  this is completely independent of what state you live in ; for the purpose of receiving or paying out tax money , this does not matter . 
  now if you want to , you can break down how much money the citizens living in each state paid , and you can break down how much money the citizens living in each state received , and you will see that some states contribute more than they receive , and other states receive more than they contribute . 
  and it 's not inaccurate to describe this as a fiscal transfer but * this kind * of fiscal transfer can be seen in any country - wealthier parts of the uk or germany or france are going to be net donors , and poorer parts are going to be net recipients , without there being any explicit transfer . 
  what does * not * happen in the us is for the government of one state to appropriate any money to help a less fortunate state , or for taxpayers of one state to pay a tax explicitly earmarked for people in other states . 
  essentially , each person pays according to their ability , and receives according to their needs . 
  which is not , for some reason , the actual motto of the us . 
  yes , but those republicans are n't `` center '' - they are part of the religious right . 
  the ( few ) remaining moderate republicans support abortion rights . 
  no , of course not . 
  therefore all referenda are bad ? 
  if slavery was permitted by a legislature , would it be a good thing ? 
  if slavery was permitted by a constitution , would that have been good ? 
  mostly no one would pay attention . 
  compromise with choucroute garni . 
  opposing adoption or abortion is not a center policy in the us , either . 
   it says they 're against legal adoption by single people , same-sex couples or polyamorous groups . 
   i 'm not sure that this is different than what merkel 's cdu believes . 
  but he 's not bypassing the normal democratic process because parliament has to approve the referendum first . 
  the only way to have a referendum is to go through parliament . 
   when the state acts in the interest of a particular group instead of the nation as whole , when it acts to directly compromise sovereignty etc. 
  that is how i make a distinction between the actions of the state . 
  it can act as a sovereign , or subservient . 
  this does n't really work . 
  the state is made up of entirely of `` particular groups , '' all of whom have their own interests , philosophies , and plans . 
  the government will always act in a manner pleasing to some `` particular groups '' and displeasing to others . 
  there 's no a priori acting `` for the nation as a whole '' because the nation as a whole does not agree on anything . 
  so what would your solution have been ? 
  these are the kind of lazy anti-american comments that make it impossible for anyone to take you seriously . 
  should the us have allowed north korea to conquer south korean . 
  no , of course not . 
  only a * moron * would think that . 
  was south korea perfect in 1950 ? 
  no , of course not . 
  did the us prevent south korea from being perfect in 1950 ? 
  no , of course not . 
  could the us have flipped a switch and turned south korea into the uk in 1950 ? 
  no , of course not . 
  basically , anything the us did , or did not do , would have been wrong under your analysis . 
   there is absolutely no possibility of snowden getting extradited from norway to the us . 
  of course there is . 
  one refused extradition does n't mean that no extraditions are possible . 
  it 's not legally possible unless the prosecutor asks for it . 
  the death penalty is different than other sentences . 
  if the maximum sentence for a crime is 20 years , a person is found guilty , and the prosecutor asks for 10 years , the judge can still impose 20 years . 
  but cases with the death penalty are a lot more complicated - there are different procedures that apply , the attorneys have to meet specific qualifications , and the trial will actually have two parts - first a part to determine whether the defendant committed the crime , and a second part to determine whether the defendant qualifies for and should receive the death penalty . 
  if the prosecutor does n't seek the death penalty , none of the procedural requirements happen and the judge is not legally permitted to impose a death sentence . 
  confidential embassy cables are and should be confidential . 
  manning , unlike snowden , did n't release carefully curated information . 
  manning released everything she ( he at the time ? ), 
  could get his/her hands on . 
  a person in the military who discloses confidential material that comes into his possession as a member of the military is not the same as a civilian contractor and is covered by different laws . 
  it would be more useful if it excluded home equity from the calculation , particularly if the article is going to feature a photo of a ferrari . 
  600,000 in home equity and 400,000 in retirement savings does n't really put you in the `` ferrari '' class . 
   where is the need to evict these people ? 
  the houses certainly wo n't be reassigned to anybody richer than them , and empty houses serve no purpose . 
  it could be as simple as the fact that the landlord wants to rent the apartments to someone who can pay the rent . 
  i do n't think he 's read 1984 either ; in 1984 there were surveillance cameras inside everyone 's home . 
  not quite what we have today . 
  that 's another person . 
  here 's the timeline . 
  khazzani comes out of the toilet with the ak ; a french citizen ( the one who wants his name kept confidential ) confronts him and is knocked/beaten down . 
  khazzani enters the train car and encounters margoolian , who grabs the ak and is shot in the neck by khazzani . 
  khazzani takes back the ak and is trying to cock it ... 3 . 
  when the other three americans hear him . 
  they are finally able to overpower him , although stone is cut up in the process . 
  at some point another person sitting in a seat is hit in the leg by a bullet . 
  here is a ( taiwanese ) animation : [ link ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ywplf-gzduq ), 
  it 's a kind of undefined term , but haiti probably qualifies under most definitions . 
  when she survives a pogrom , she * survives * a pogrom . 
  best quote :  when an american radio broadcaster wished her many more birthdays , she replied , `` no , no , please god no . '',
