  while of course failing to point out what that problem might be or actually addressing his actual issue . 
  it 's 2016 . 
  i 'm not sure where i would even * find * torches and pitchforks . 
  are you an idiot who believes that the us does n't actually have a welfare state ? 
   where long term unemployed are not included in statistics . 
  they are n't included in eu statistics , either . 
  unemployment is calculated - in europe and the us - using a standardized format developed by the un 's ilo . 
  but keep on with your ignorant conspiracy posts . 
   we seem to have found none to fight amongst ourselves since the eu was created that probably has more to do with the destruction of wwii and the ensuing cold war than the eu . 
   it 's the same reason why trump is so insanely popular over in the states . 
  trump is not `` insanely '' popular . 
  and he 's pretty much only against illegal immigration , and for a temporary ban on muslim immigration . 
  he 's not opposed to mass legal immigration , even from non-western countries . 
   the us states have a lot of sovereignty if we compare it to let 's say departements in france . 
  but until the progressive era and certainly before the civil war the individual states were the place where most decision took place . 
  us federal level spending as percentage of whole public expenditure was very small for a long time . 
  this is true ... but you 're also talking about 150 years ago , when most people were farmers and the material basis of society was very different . 
  the increased centralization in the us was - basically - a result of the decentralized system not working well as the economy changed . 
  the same is true of the increased role of the federal government after 1930 . 
  europe ca n't set up a system like the us had in 1850 because that system wo n't work today , either in the us or europe . 
  increased centralization in the us - whether in the 1860 's , the 1900 's , or the 1930 's - was n't the result of people `` growing together '' ( although that did happen ) . 
  it was the result of some sort of crisis which the decentralized system could no longer address . 
  and skywalkers and vaders and bonds . 
  extrapolating 1 year in advance is pretty difficult , even . 
   $ 24,000 after us ( california ) tax is $ 20,202 - effective rate of 15.8 % no , that 's not even close . 
  you 've left out deductions for the children * and * , most importantly , the eitc . 
  a family of four earning 24,000 will have four exemptions , each for $ 4,000 , reducing taxable income to 8,000 . 
  the standard deduction will remove another $ 6,300 , making the total income subject to tax $ 1,700 . 
  they are in the 10 % rate , so tax liability is nominally $ 170 . 
  however , a family of four earning $ 24,000 is entitled to the maximum eitc for a family with two kids - $ 5,500 . 
  this is a credit that can exceed the amount you owe in taxes , so they will receive a refund of $ 5,550 - $ 170 = $ 5,380 . 
  so a family earning $ 24,000 will take home over $ 29,000 due to the eitc . 
  state taxes vary , but in my state there would be no additional state tax liability . 
  social security would probably be taken out - that would be about $ 1800 . 
  so your total takehome would be about $ 27,500 . 
  not bad on a salary of 24,000 . 
   relative poverty yeah , i wish people would n't call that poverty . 
   and if you 're assertive and not a naive moron they wo n't take you for a ride to run the meter this is why people like uber . 
  maybe 40 years ago . 
  20 years ago outing people would only end their career if their career was as some sort of conservative activist . 
  and that had as much to do with hypocrisy as gayness . 
   to be fair , it 's fundamentalist christian belief that is threatening the lives of lgbt people in america if you look at hate crimes against lgbt people , there 's really little evidence that fundamentalist christian belief has anything to do with the crimes . 
  a report from 2010 has little to do with the trump administration . 
  in 1940 , would you rather live in a country ruled by a british anti-semite or a german anti-semite ? 
  the former means you do n't get into oxford ; the latter means you get a free trip to a camp in poland . 
  of course neither are ideal . 
  i find it disgusting that germans equate far-right parties like fn with nazis . 
  it 's like you studied history and learned all of the wrong lessons . 
  presumably the same context in which said used the term `` orientalism '' . 
  no , they are n't . 
  there is a huge difference between being a racist and * killing everyone of a particular race * . 
  christ this is a disgusting comparison . 
  there were anti-semites in the uk in the 30 's and 40 's . 
  but they did n't want to gas them . 
  why do you think this is relevant ? 
   i think it 's important to mention we track unemployment in a pretty retarded fashion here . 
  i really do n't understand why people who do n't understand something feel the need to post about it . 
  the us tracks unemployment in the exact same fashion as europe does - using the un 's ilo standard . 
  it * does not * only record people receiving unemployment . 
  you can read all about it [ here ] ( https://www.bls.gov/cps/cps_htgm.htm ) . 
   some people think that to get these figures on unemployment , the government uses the number of people collecting unemployment insurance ( ui ) benefits under state or federal government programs . 
  but some people are still jobless when their benefits run out , and many more are not eligible at all or delay or never apply for benefits . 
  so , quite clearly , ui information can not be used as a source for complete information on the number of unemployed . 
   employment rate ( arguably the best way to measure the health of a labour market ) the `` employment rate '' includes retirees , full time students , and parents staying home with small children . 
  why are you not able to answer a simple question ? 
  why is novartis worse than abbott labs ? 
  no ; it 's not like the poorer countries ca n't buy from china or korea or the us or anywhere else they want . 
   there is no reason for that to be federal legislation , alaska has the ability to pass laws that only apply to alaska . 
  it 's a federal regulation that applies to federal wildlife refuges . 
  only in alaska , though . 
  although endangered species laws are generally federal laws because animals do n't stop at borders ( although this is obviously a little different for alaska and hawaii ) . 
  more americans have german heritage than anglo heritage . 
  technically , but not practically . 
  see [ age of salutory neglect ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/salutary_neglect ) . 
  basically , gb ignored the colonies for 150 years , did n't enforce the navigation acts or other statutes that would have interfered with colonial trade , and allowed the colonies to be self governing . 
  the american revolution resulted in large part from gb trying to assert authority over the colonies for the first time . 
  from the wiki page :  the end of salutary neglect was a large contributing factor that led to the american revolutionary war . 
  since the imperial authority did not assert the power that it had , the colonists were left to govern themselves . 
  these essentially sovereign colonies soon became accustomed to the idea of self-control . 
  they also realized that they were powerful enough to defeat the british ( with help from france ) , and decided to revolt . 
  the effects of such prolonged isolation eventually resulted in the emergence of a collective identity that considered itself separate from great britain . 
   now being at peace for the last 70 years , is definitely one of the best things that have happened to the world . 
  thank goodness for the cold war , the ussr , and nato ? 
  because all of those entities have much more to do with 70 years of peace than the eu does . 
  from 1955-1989 , there were 300,000 us troops in germany , plus another 100,000 french and german troops . 
  there were 2 million warsaw pact troops within an easy day 's drive to the border . 
  and the reason germany did n't attack france was because they were in the eec ? 
  and there have n't really been 70 years of peace `` on the continent '' ; there have been 70 years of peace only in western europe . 
   should the us go to war with russia or china , would make europe a target . 
  the us is not going to go to war with china ; and the only reason the us go to war with russia would be over europe . 
   i am bulgarian but i am also a federalist because i dont think the status-quo of nation-states will survive the next century , the first one in a millennia where a disunited europe is not the most powerful region in the world . 
  europe was not the most powerful region in the world in 1100 . 
  or 1200 or 1300 or 1400 or 1500 . 
  there 's an argument to be made for 1600 , and there 's no question by 1800 . 
   going so far as to lie in the official statistics to make their economy to make them look better than it actually was . 
  well , to be fair to greece , the `` creative accounting '' that they used was not a secret ; they were encouraged to use creative accounting by the eu because it would allow them to meet the technical requirements of admission . 
  this was not a secret , and they were n't the only country to use the same type of technical compliance to meet admission criteria . 
   and why ca n't anti-eu people do ? 
  the dumbed down rethoric is also prevalent on the opposing side . 
  sure ... but he 's responding to the actual question asked by the op , in this thread , which used `` hate '' .
