  it 's the * same * thing . 
  it 's also updated periodically . 
  the irish statute is in the irish penal code . 
  whether ireland updates it or not has nothing to do with common law , but with irish legislators . 
  either everyone is learning german or there 's a problem with the map . 
  if swedes were really emigrating to the us en masse , there would be a lot more swedish restaurants in the us . 
  muslin has become harder to find since the advent of polyester blends . 
  not really . 
  if a statute is ambiguous , the judge determines what it means . 
  if the legislature does n't like the judge 's decision , it can pass a new statute . 
  judges in non-common law countries * also * decide how an ambiguous statute should be interpreted . 
  but , again , this case has nothing to do with the common law . 
  it 's about a statute . 
  and one that does n't appear to be ambiguous . 
  this is not based on common law , but on a statute . 
  it could happen in any country with a sexist statute . 
  no , you ca n't . 
  it 's illegal to imprison people for debt in the us . 
  it 's also illegal to imprison people for not paying fines they ca n't pay . 
  no matter what you read on the internet . 
  it 's * not * illegal to put people in jail for not paying court fines that they can pay . 
  or for not paying child support that they can pay . 
  or for avoiding a court order to appear in court and state what they can pay and not pay . 
  that 's what the cases you read about are actually about . 
  not about imprisonment for actual debt . 
  the right to free speech should include more than just the right to say things the government has proven . 
  yeah , if you do n't include atrocities committed by nazi germany , stalinist russia , imperial japan , and mao 's china ... the us is right up there . 
  like gandhi said when asked what he thought about european civilization ... it would be a good idea . 
  have you ever listened to europeans talk about americans ? 
   sometimes , when you want to give more rights and freedoms to your citizens than other , less free nations , you need to balance the few places where different rights of different people might clash . 
  yeah , why do n't you try that sometime ? 
  in the mean time , keep arresting crime victims for making truthful statements about being attacked . 
  that will show everyone just how many rights your country provides . 
   a person has the right to a fair trial . 
  please explain how releasing his * name * affects his right to a fair trial . 
  guilt or innocence is determined by a judge or panel of judges . 
  if these * judges * are going to be influenced by seeing the person 's name in the paper , there is no hope . 
  and even if the person 's name was withheld , it 's not like the lurid details wo n't appear in the press . 
  until that , too , is censored . 
  a court is punishing a person for making a truthful statement . 
  you know nothing about what free speech actually means . 
   innocent until proven guilty is at the core of most western judicial systems . 
  until the man is actually sentenced he has the right to not be portrayed in the media . 
  these are two different concepts . 
  innocent until proven guilty means the government has to prove that he is guilty . 
  the right not to be portrayed in the media means that the government will punish other citizens for * speaking the truth * or expressing an opinion . 
  it has no place in a free state . 
   why is the us getting involved in internal european affairs ? 
  and on the wrong side ? 
  do you really not understand what diplomacy is ? 
  and that all countries do it ? 
  typical shitpost : lie , then when called on the lie , blame the person interested in facts . 
  as opposed to , say , germany ? 
   yes . 
  that is what usa do : not really . 
  the us taxes * all citizens * at the same rate . 
  the us pays welfare and similar benefits to * all citizens * using the same formula . 
  there is no explicit subsidy of any specific state . 
  now the effect of this system is that more taxes flow in from people in wealthier states , because more people make more money there . 
  and because people living in poorer states are - by definition - poorer , more welfare money goes to people in those states . 
  so it sort of * looks like * a fiscal transfer . 
  but it 's not - we are talking about taxes from individuals and benefits paid to individuals . 
  none of these benefits are taken from or paid to specific states , or to individuals because they live in specific states . 
  people with the same income in each state pay the same in taxes or get the same in benefits . 
  if you move from alabama to massachusetts , your tax rate and benefit rate will stay the same . 
  it 's more of a statistical curiosity than than a fiscal policy that you can identify `` donor states '' and `` recipient states . '', 
  it 's also worth pointing out that the differences in the economies of various us states are not nearly as great as among countries in europe - the median income in alabama , one of the poorest states , is still $ 42,000 / year . 
  often those are the countries where diplomatic relationships are most important . 
  does the hague really do this ? 
  there 's no cite for this assertion in the wiki and i ca n't find any independent verification ( although a lot of sites repeat verbatim the wiki statement ) . 
  impounding diplomats ' cars does seem to violate diplomatic immunity . 
  homo sovieticus never caught on . 
   in germany we think , if a party is misusing freedom and democracy , we should forbid them . 
  ironically , outlawing political parties is something that the nazis did . 
  i find the linked article pretty offensive , actually . 
  a lot of people in the audience disliked the experimental 1967 piece . 
  the author asserts that the piece is too `` challenging '' for them ( i.e. , they are just too stupid to understand it ) . 
  that may be true . 
  but it may also be true that the piece sucked . 
  that it may be of technical or academic or theoretical interest , but that it is just not very good as a piece of music . 
  it ca n't - and should n't - be the case that the public is required to like everything that is put before them . 
  and of course this would n't be the first time that critics have liked something that the broader public did n't . 
  here is a more nuanced discussion . 
  ( also in german ) [ link ] ( http://diekolumnisten.de/2016/03/02/wutbuerger-im-konzert/ ), 
   umlaut refers to the marks and it does n't just apply to german language texts , that depends - in words like co\u00f6rdinate or de\u00ebstablish it is called a dieresis . 
   he locusts of macbook-bearing hipsters they attract . 
  hipsters would not be caught dead in starbucks . 
  seriously , it 's not 1990 any more . 
  yes , but the setting is perfect . 
  in france you drink mediocre coffee in a nice cafe with plenty of people-watching opportunities . 
  in italy , you drink much better coffee in a crowded coffee bar where you basically finish the coffee in a minute ... 
  sugar is technically optional , but most italians seem to drink their caff\u00e9 black , but very sweet . 
  europeans should definitely eat at the cheesecake factory for the cultural experience . 
  there 's nothing like being handed a full color menu the size of a phone book . 
  i ca n't tell of trump himself is trolling or serious . 
  the us definitely uses victorian to describe architecture and fashion and the like . 
  although for many historical periods that overlap with the victorian era , we tend to use terms referencing what was going on in the us - civil war , reconstruction , post-reconstruction , etc. 
  the 14th amendment could n't be more clear :  all persons born or naturalized in the united states , and subject to the jurisdiction thereof , are citizens of the united states and of the state wherein they reside . 
  although it 's ability to cruise just under the surface of the water could come in handy . 
  that 's nothing to be proud of .
