  in germany , it 's much more common to pay for those kinds of expenses in cash , which makes it much easier for workers to forget to report it . 
  the article glosses over the very real differences between the bankers in iceland and the bankers in the us . 
  the bankers in iceland engaged in actual fraud , embezzlement , and illegal market manipulation . 
  acts that are also crimes in the us . 
  it 's just not clear that the us bankers - while incompetent - actually committed fraud or any other criminal offense . 
  the doj tried two bear stearns hedge-fund managers on numerous counts in 2009 ... and they were acquitted by the jury . 
  giving bad investment advice or making bad decisions is not a crime . 
  it seems to be what the bankers in the us did ; it 's not at all what the bankers in iceland did . 
   there needs to be more state intervention in the raising of mena immigrant children . 
  period . 
  i have held this view for years but never really expressed it . 
  i think it 's naive to assume that this would have much effect . 
  they are * already * going to public schools . 
  the state has a very limited ability to socialize people differently than their parents . 
   millions were given amnesty . 
  yeah , 40 years ago . 
   the us gives it 's own citizens very very little oh , bullshit . 
  because german press coverage of the us is designed to justify the german way of life , you literally have no clue what the us gives to its own citizens . 
  you are just ignorant . 
  there were towns in texas where german was the predominant language for three generations . 
  until wwi , over there were over 100 german language newspapers printed in the cities in the us . 
   go into spanish barrios in many communities and you will still not hear a word of english spoken those are first generation immigrants . 
  they are no different from other first generation immigrants , whether polish or italian or german . 
  if any thing , they are assimilating faster , since ime their children already speak english very well . 
  ( and of course you ca n't assume that just because people are speaking spanish that they ca n't speak english ) . 
  ted cruz and marco rubio would disagree . 
   http://www.theatlantic.com/politics/archive/2015/07/the-problem-with-downplaying-immigrant-crime/399905/ the linked article is being deliberately disingenuous . 
  20 % of the population * in federal prisons * is foreign born . 
  ( you have to click on the link to see ; the article itself using the dishonest `` u.s. prison population '' . ), 
  fewer than 10 % of prisoners are in federal prisons , and federal law is different that state law . 
  the relevant number is 5 % ; that 's how many non-us citizens are incarcerated in us prisons . 
  [ link ] ( http://www.cnn.com/2015/07/08/politics/immigrants-crime/ ), 
  the us accepts a million immigrants every year , and has done so for at least the past 30 years . 
  true - although the fact that she believed it in the first place is still a problem . 
   it 's the agreed academic definition of the word . 
  no , it is n't . 
  that is just a definition that some people in academia use ; not everyone does . 
  the afd has become more popular because 80 % of the german population is opposed to continued migration and none of the mainstream parties are doing anything to stop it . 
  that 's the only reason - there 's little support for any of their program except for stopping the unchecked immigration from the near east ... and when another party inevitably adopts that platform , afd will lose all of the support it has recently gained . 
   and in germany you wo n't get thousands of euros in damages for pain and suffering because you feel cheated . 
  you do n't get pain and suffering for being cheated in the us , either . 
   el pais , in the attachment , calls it the biggest marine invasion in history up until normandy , and they may be right . 
  but they are n't even close . 
  the battle of cartagena involved 12,000 land troops . 
  the battle of gallipoli involved almost 500,000 . 
  [ this ] ( http://www.oecdbetterlifeindex.org/topics/income/ ) probably has what you are looking for :  ** household net-adjusted disposable income **  household net-adjusted disposable income is the amount of money that a household earns , or gains , each year after taxes and transfers . 
  it represents the money available to a household for spending on goods or services . 
   household disposable income includes income from economic activity ( wages and salaries ; profits of self-employed business owners ) , property income ( dividends , interests and rents ) , social benefits in cash ( retirement pensions , unemployment benefits , family allowances , basic income support , etc. 
  ) , and social transfers in kind ( goods and services such as health care , , education and housing , received either free of charge or at reduced prices ) . 
  across the oecd , the average household net-adjusted disposable income per capita is usd 25 908 a year . 
   completely , i do however no agree to the sentiment that they , or the right wing in general are victims of some state-controlled press conspiracy . 
  its just that this country is , in a global context , rather leftist and therefore the majority of the population disagree with them . 
  sure . 
  the same is true of the green party . 
  but when organized parties use their collective power to exclude parties they do n't like from political debates , they are crossing the line into censorship . 
  which is a problem . 
  it 's march in ny right now . 
   you are trying to simplify global history . 
  no ... blaming everything on western imperialism is simplifying global history . 
  iraq was ruled by the ottomans for 400 years . 
  it was a british mandate for 10 years ( 1922-1932 ) . 
  same for syria , except a french mandate for 20 years . 
  britain and france - in the context of wwi - dismantled the ottoman empire ( with its 400 years of arab oppression , specifically ) and granted these countries sovereignty . 
  but there was not much islamic extremism in the me until the 70 's . 
  afghans had the reputation of being extremely laid back , and the middle east was filled with nasser-style secular arab nationalism . 
  even the algerian war of independence was a largely secular war , fought for the independence of a largely secular algeria . 
  women , interestingly , played an important role as combatants in the war . 
  islamic extremism arose in the 70 's in opposition to secular arab nationalism ( and its failures ) , specifically . 
  it 's not really a reaction to anything specific that the west has done , although , obviously , as an exponent of a secular and open society , the west does stand in opposition to fundamentalist islam . 
  trying to pin islamic extremism on the west is what happens when the only historical facts you know are about the west . 
  i.e. , when all you have is a hammer ... 
  yes , the us is totally responsible for bombing the airport in brussels . 
   banning the niqab is about as uneuropean as it gets . 
  why ? 
  it 's about as french as it gets , and france is an important part of europe . 
   yet americas immigrants , many of whom are outright despised by the locals , and for whom their homelands were destroyed by us action during the cold war , yet not a single hispanic sponsored bombing or attack . 
  this is true , and those people are very loud ... but there are also a * lot * of americans who respect the hispanic immigrants because they have a strong work ethic and are willing to work their asses off for $ 10/hour to get ahead . 
   . . but the vast , vast majority of `` irish-americans '' or `` italian-americans '' did n't come from ireland or italy . 
  they 're literally native americans . 
  true . 
  but - depending on where they lived , they will have grown up on an irish-american , italian-american , polish-american subculture . 
  and when they identify as `` italian '' , they are identifying themselves as a member of that subculture , and not as an italian from italy . 
  adjusting a country 's gdp based on its cost of living makes no sense . 
   you cant kill an ideology with bullets . 
  no , you ca n't . 
  but we do n't have a reliable way of killing an ideology . 
   the western world took every fucking thing away from the people of the middle east in the xix and xx century . 
  how about learning some actual history rather than embarrassing yourself with your lack of knowledge . 
  during the 19th century , the middle east was part of the ottoman empire . 
  which ruled it for 400 years . 
  the ottoman empire was broken up after wwi . 
  many of the countries in the middle east were then made mandates of various european powers . 
  for about 20 years . 
  that 's it . 
  so you have 400 years of direct ottoman rule , followed by 20 years of european rule . 
  and * all of the problems * are somehow the fault of the west , caused between 1920 and 1940 . 
  the middle east is n't africa , or india , and does n't have a long history of european colonialism . 
   education , education , education . 
  this is such a cop-out it borders on dishonesty . 
  the terrorists * are * educated .
