  pro-tip : do n't believe everything you read on the internet . 
  calm down . 
  have a couple of glasses of schnaps . 
  it makes everything better . 
  and if it does n't , well , your aim will be off , at least . 
  not really . 
  merkel was able to legalize same-sex marriage in a week . 
  obama did n't have that power . 
  ( or , alternatively , merkel was able to keep same-sex marriage unlawful for a decade , until a week ago ) . 
  usually `` authoritarian ( ism ) '' is means a dictator ( ship ) , though . 
  more or less . 
  trump is * pushy * ? 
  * i 'm * uneasy as trump heads to poland . 
  i doubt it , simply because there is no obvious successor , nor , presumably , a critical mass of people who speak the successor language . 
  this is idiotic : the concorde landed in ny throughout its entire history from its beginning in 1976 to its last international flight in 2003 . 
   because she was n't charismatic & had the scars that every expierienced politician or statesman gets after years in office . 
  i voted for clinton , and i like her . 
  but she was a weak candidate not just because she was `` experienced , '' but also because everything she accomplished happened because she happened to be married to the president of the us . 
  that 's * not * a great biography . 
  pensions are guaranteed by the government if an employer goes bankrupt . 
  europeans who are usually happy to complain about `` american ignorance '' seem to * actually believe * that the us does n't have any sort of safety net . 
   this was like in the mid-1990s , and computers and internet were still in infancy . 
  i do n't think either were in their `` infancy '' in the mid 1990 's ; it 's not like it is today , but a lot of people had home internet ( half through aol ) in the mid 90 's , and most college campuses had wired dorms for the inet in the late 80s/early 90s . 
   i would say one thing which is not properly understood in the english speaking world ( at least not by the `` right '' people ) is the power of words . 
  but germans , of course , understand the power of words much better than english speakers , right ? 
  apparently . .  at least in germany it is much better understood that different terms for the same things transport different connotations is this why the german press - in lockstep , one might say - consistently and uniformly used the term `` asylanten '' to refer to migrants throughout the peak of the migrant crisis , rather than the term `` migranten '' , which they grudgingly began using only after it became clear that a minority of the people coming to the eu were actually refugees . 
  the use of misleading language like this in the german media is well documented and pretty much generally accepted . 
  so you might want to think about this example before you adopt the conceit that germans are much more careful in their use of potentially misleading language than `` the english speaking world '' . 
   i mean its fairly obvious that the american middle class was a lot better off in the 50 's -80 's era than today . 
  unless you actually , you know , look at data and stuff . 
  it probably also depends on the class . 
  it 's been a while , but i think if you took `` english , '' you only read books from the anglosphere ; if you took `` world literature '' ( or whatever it was called ) , you read books from the rest of the world ... but it was an optional course . 
  i do n't remember everything we read , but we read oedipus rex and antigone ; the golden ass ; something by kafka , something by camus ; fathers and sons ( turgenev ) ; and a bunch of short stories and poems . 
  i think we also had to ( individually ) choose a longer work from a list and write a paper on it . 
  qwant is mostly an aggregator - it uses bing , mostly , but also amazon and wiki and some other search engines . 
   i think there 's a bit of a debate about whether google is more of a utility than simply a private company , there 's no real debate at all . 
  a `` utility '' is a company that is granted a monopoly by the government to provide certain services ; in exchange for having a captive audience , the utility 's prices and services have to be approved by a governmental regulator . 
  utilities are usually created where it is difficult to have a competitive market - typically where wires or lines or pipes have to be run to someone 's home . 
  there has been discussion about whether * internet service * should be a utility . 
  but google is n't utility-like at all . 
  i had never heard of it either ; i assumed it was something in the eu . 
  why does it matter that they are french citizens , though ? 
  actively hunting . 
  * revenue * is not profit . 
  this will come out of profit , which was closer to $ 7b . 
  it 's not the same because the search engine market is not the same market as the shopping comparison market . 
  a more accurate comparison would be if walmart appliances only worked well in houses that bought electricity from a wm-owned electrical company . 
   is n't it up to google what results they want to publish on their own website ? 
  not if they are abusing their monopoly in search to try and gain advantages in other markets . 
  that 's explicitly illegal . 
  when they are in different markets , of course it is . 
  this is n't like a mercedes dealer prioritizing repairs for mercedes owners . 
  it 's like a mercedes car running worse on gas from stations not owned by mercedes because the cars are designed that way . 
   i 'm fairly certain that shopping comparison placement on their searches does not account for over 30 % of their profit . 
  yeah , despite the fact that google 's behavior was blatantly , well , * bad * , it 's not really clear that it was very successful or profitable . 
  it 's like the google + of anti-trust . 
  looks like what they served in the mensa in germany ; nothing 's more authentic than that . 
  it would be an * awesome * youth hostel . 
  i think they learned their lesson , though . 
  the lion is anatomically correct !, 
  but not impressively so ... that should be corrected . 
  also , he ( and it is a he ) looks like he is moonwalking . 
  yeah , but this thread in particular morphed from general taking-the-piss to more mean-spirited attacks . 
  mostly by some usual trolls , of course . 
  this is a soviet-style rewrite of history . 
  nope . 
  it was owned by theo albrecht , who owned aldi nord until his death , but it was not owned by aldi nord itself . 
  this is idiocy . 
  amazon is more than a warehouse ; google has an * extremely sophisticated * algorithm ... other search engines are not as good . 
  maybe they are no longer considering it an eu startup since it will be 84.3 % chinese owned . 
  i hate sunday trading laws . 
   the inconvenience forces you to take a break because you literally ca n't do anything else but chill it does n't , though . 
  i still need to do my shopping . 
  the inconvenience forces me to do my shopping on a day other than sunday ... possibly a day that i 'd like to chill on . 
  it also makes shopping more crowded on other days , since everyone 's shopping time is constrained . 
  he 's a moderate conservative ; not like reagan . 
  originally , sure . 
  but now there are mostly secular reasons for retaining them . 
  sunday closing laws were originally based on religious doctrine , but that 's not why people who support them now support them . 
  where the booster lands depends on where you are putting the satellite ; it 's easier to move the ship to where the booster will land than to use more fuel to try and get the booster to land somewhere else . 
  those are private schools that receive some public money . 
  it is not legal to teach creationism in public schools in the us . 
  these bills pass , and are then found to be unconstitutional . 
  it is not constitutional to teach creationism in public schools in the us . 
  denmark , denver ... they 're basically the same . 
  sure there are . 
  they spy very politely . 
  if blacks have a higher crime rate , should it be legal to discriminate against them ? 
  and it 's illegal , and if you do it you should be fined . 
  repeatedly until you stop doing it . 
   the eu has ~ 20 trillion gdp adjusted ( which i think * undersells the real ppp , but eh ) when compared to the us 's 18 . 
  using ppp adjustments for gdp makes no sense . 
  ppp adjustments relate to the cost of consumer goods only and so have * some * relevance when looking at gdp per capita ( as a substitute for personal income ) , but no real relevance when looking at overall productivity ( which is what gdp measures ) . 
  russia , for example , does n't * produce more * because it 's * more poor . 
  * neither does china or any other country . 
   but not the whole country . 
  compared to europe , pretty much the whole country . 
   that isnt comparable with the us where things like abortion are somehow a matter that is worth discussing . 
  germany does n't allow same sex marriage . 
  germany provides significantly fewer abortion rights than the us .
