  it seems like you should either grant immunity - with the terms set out clearly in advance . 
  or not grant immunity . 
  but granting immunity that can be revoked by parliamentary vote is worse than either of those options : it means that meps belonging to politically popular parties will have immunity , but those in minority parties will ( or may ) not . 
  they do n't want anyone to think she 's the queen . 
  for whatever reason , the queen is very popular in germany . 
   how about a float provoking questions about what must be done to help the southern economies of europe ? 
  i understand your point , but i do n't think a float is a very good medium to discuss complex issues . 
  how , exactly , does this work . 
  are there more precise signals that galileo encrypts ? 
  being in a tank was one of the safest frontline jobs in the us army in wwii . 
  ( primarily because most casualties are caused by artillery ) . 
  it 's a mistake to fetishize tanks . 
  they are just one system in an army with a lot of different systems . 
  the us ( and ussr ) produced so many tanks that in most cases they did n't face other tanks at all ; just infantry . 
  and in the handful of times when the german army did manage to get a bunch of tanks together ... well , the us army also had pretty much complete air superiority . 
  see : [ battle of mortain ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/operation_l%c3%bcttich ) . 
  but what does `` provide expert advice '' mean ? 
  was there a 15 minute meeting in which they pointed out important things to focus on ? 
  or were they routinely on call and played a major role in analyzing the data ? 
  there 's a huge difference between the two . 
  syria is not iraq . 
  arab spring is not iraq . 
  i thought americans were bad at geography ? 
  and no one but merkel is responsible for the idiotic `` refugee '' policy . 
  i do n't think he 's actually german . 
   whats the difference between randomly killing people with drones whereever you please and domestic executions ? 
  do you seriously not understand the difference between killing people who actually committed terrorist attacks in other countries and the domestic criminal justice system ? 
  twist : iceland 's president actually * loves * pineapple on pizza . 
  in american , that 's pronounced `` an anus '' . 
  i do n't think the name will catch on . 
  they are pretty much the same . 
  there 's always a market for those kinds of `` american nations '' books ( and it 's not a new genre ) , but they tend to dramatically overstate the differences between the states . 
   because the median income in sweden is 20 % higher than in america . 
  that 's not true at all . 
  the median income in sweden is significantly lower than in the us . 
  it 's likely that you are reading your stats backwards . 
  how many norwegians have read a book in the past year ? 
  while this is true , it 's important to note that most americans pay around ten times more in taxes to the federal government than they do to the state government . 
  ( some high-tax states may only pay 8 or 5 times as much ) . 
  * nato * does n't make europe the battleground ; presumably whoever attacks europe is doing that . 
   the reason for nato was n't to protect europe from an overbearing russia . 
  no , that 's * exactly * what nato was for . 
  yeah , it was like the 3d of fashion . 
  biggest threat to world peace ... want them on my side ... it actually makes perfect sense . 
  i do n't think it 's exactly a popularity contest . 
  if you are looking for a military ally , there 's something to be said for choosing the country with the largest military . 
  particularly if it is not averse to using it . 
   do they ? 
  americans do n't seem to want a welfare state . 
  define `` welfare state . '', 
  because by most standards , the us already has one . 
  it 's difficult for me to figure out some of the subcategories , but most people consider india to have a common law system . 
  indians themselves do , anyway . 
   if he were to come back , he could not be allowed to defend himself and there would be no public trial . 
  this is complete bullshit . 
  you have no idea what you are talking about . 
   of favorable ~ ~ tax ~ ~ laws . 
  people are often confused by this . 
  delaware has relatively high tax rates - they are close to 9 % and rank about 10th ( meaning 40 states have lower taxes ) . 
  about 5 states have no corporate taxes at all , and the average is around 5-6 % . 
  what delaware has are laws that make it easy to form , modify , or merge corporations , and a sophisticated judiciary that understands the laws . 
  this makes things a lot easier for corporations to do corporate things , which has the effect of lowering costs ... but the lower costs are n't due to lower taxes . 
  and state taxes are in addition to federal taxes , which are much higher anyway . 
   people over the last few decades do not have that visceral connection to their birth home . 
  this is not * new * ; americans have been moving to california in large numbers since wwii . 
  if anything , it 's been slowing down . 
   there is direct monetary transfer from the rich states to the others , no , there is n't . 
  i do n't know why europeans have trouble understanding this . 
  there are no direct state-to-state transfers . 
  zero . 
  they do n't exist at all . 
  the us is not like the eu ; it 's a lot more like a federal state like germany . 
  everyone in the us pays the same federal tax rates and is entitled to the same benefits . 
  ( simplifying slightly ) . 
  of course this means that if a state has richer citizens , they will pay higher taxes and receive fewer benefits . 
  so the effect sort of looks like a transfer . 
  but the `` transfer '' is made up of tens of millions of individuals paying taxes . 
  individually , and directly to the us government . 
  and millions of individuals receiving welfare , etc. 
  directly from the federal government . 
  you can add up the amount of taxes paid by individuals in california , the amount of benefits they receive , and compare the same numbers to individuals in mississippi , and it will turn out that californians ( i.e. , the average of individuals who live in california ) are paying in more that they get back , with the opposite being true of individuals in mississippi . 
  but this all happens at the individual level . 
  at no point does anyone say `` hey , mississippi is poor ; let 's make california give the state some money . '', 
  and there 's nothing state-based about the individual transfers ; if a wealthy person moves to mississippi , he 'll pay the same federal taxes he would in california ; if a poor person moves to california from miss , he 'll receive the same welfare . 
   populace increasingly uneducated . 
  umm , no . 
  the us populace is increasingly educated . 
  populace increasingly makes bad decisions , however . 
   just today your president started calling out germany for currency manipulation . 
  and germany has never called out the us ? 
  for anything ? 
   wwii german produced the most advanced tanks they really did n't . 
  they produced tanks with , generally , the best guns , and a handful of tanks with a lot of armor . 
  but they had crappy engines and were extremely unreliable and expensive to build . 
  in 1941 , the russian t-34 was a better tank than any tank in the german army . 
   europe has set the standards for human rights since wwii and usually we have n't enforced our interests by force not since the late 60 's maybe . 
  but there were plenty of post-wwii exercises of european power , from vietnam to suez to algeria . 
  and i 'm not sure why you would include china , which has done far less than russia in the post wwii world . 
  this completely misses the point . 
  if someone cuts off your hand , and you cut off both of their hands , are you happy about your loss because your opponent lost more ?
