   india is already projected to be superpower literally in few years . 
  by a teenager who put an anonymous chart on reddit ? 
  according to that chart , the us gdp will reach $ 19 trillion around 2026 . 
  in fact , the us gdp has already reached 19 trillion . 
  according to that chart , europe 's gdp will reach $ 13 trillion in 2050 . 
  the eu 's current gdp is $ 18 trillion . 
  according to that chart , india 's gdp will reach $ 2 trillion in 2015 . 
  that 's approximately correct . 
  but it does n't foreshadow impending superpower status . 
  i first read that to mean that you made a kickstarter to promote the movement . 
   it is true that their recent history is shared , but so it is in europe for the last 100-150 years . 
  we have been shaped by pretty much the same events . 
  events varied quite a bit depending in which side of the iron curtain you were on . 
   your point is not totally correct . 
  yes , it is . 
  vietnam was a war . 
  only an idiot would deny it was a war . 
  so was korea , and even iraq . 
  and every member of the national guard is also in the us military . 
  it 's not a state army . 
  all national guard members are also members of the us military , and the us can and does `` nationalize '' them when it needs to . 
   have you compared e.g. 
  georgia ( state ) and washington ( state ) ? 
  yes . 
  i 've been to both states . 
  and i 've lived in europe for several years . 
  washington and georgia * are n't * that different . 
  median income in washington is $ 64,000 ; in georgia it 's $ 51,000 . 
  a person in georgia earns 80 % of what a person earns in washington . 
  median salary for germany is $ 44,300 ; for greece it 's $ 13,500 . 
  a person in greece earns 31 % of what a person in germany earns . 
  and that 's not even getting into the language or cultural differences . 
  much less the ouzo vs. schnapps vs beer vs. retsina issue . 
  the us is just very homogenous compared to europe . 
   that 's not nationalism , that 's just ... mainstream politics . 
  that 's the original meaning of nationalism . 
  the original nationalists were the czechs , slovaks , serbians , croatians , poles , greeks , etc. 
  who wanted to have independent countries and not be subsumed within the austro-hungarian or ottoman empire . 
  and they were the germans and italians who wanted to unify the ethnic germans/italians into one country . 
  it was n't something that used to apply to existing countries ; a czech nationalist was n't someone who was proud of czechia ; he was someone who wanted czechia to exist in the first place . 
   they underestimated how threatened the whites in the usa feel as a result of their diminishing number . 
  this has nothing to do with anything . 
  trump focused heavily on the loss of manufacturing jobs and on how various free trade agreements were bad for working class americans . 
  clinton tends to be in favor of these agreements , and bill clinton signed nafta ( although it was mostly a product of the bush i administration ) . 
  the election was , of course , very close ... but it turned on who won a handful of midwestern states where manufacturing is important . 
  and that was enough to put trump over the edge . 
  i do n't think that they are any less clueless than most americans , who also are n't sure what trump will do . 
  another name : john candy, 
  this combination of arrogance and ignorance just pisses me off , and i am far from a trump supporter . 
  you read on the internet that the us was actually an oligarchy , it conforms to your political desires , so of course you believe it . 
  if you had actually read the paper that the claim is based on ( it 's one paper ) - yeah , i know , this is reddit - you would have learned that this is n't actually the claim the paper makes at all . 
  basically , the authors analyzed a bunch of policies enacted by the government , divided the policies up into those favored by `` average '' citizens and those favored by `` elites '' ( top 10 % of the population , roughly , although sometimes the top 70 % ) , and where those policies differed ( which was in a minority of cases ; many policies were favored or opposed by both groups ) , there were more policies enacted favoring the elites than favoring the average citizens . 
  this is an interesting result , but : ( 1 ) it has nothing to do with being an oligarchy , which is rule by a small number of people ; and ( 2 ) do you think that the results would be much different in sweden ? 
  i 'm not happy with the results of the election , either , but to call then not democratic is ludicrous and shows a fundamental lack of understanding of the term . 
  not liking the results is n't the same as the results not being democratic . 
  in what election was stefen l\u00f6fven elected as head of the social democrats again ? 
  no , you ca n't . 
  what are you talking about ? 
   europe is doing a better job at immigration than the us . 
  lol . 
  it 's hard to really compare ai startups unless you define what you mean by `` ai '' . 
  you can find some statistics showing 70 % of ai startups are in the us , and others saying that there are 3000 ai startups in the us , and still other stats that focus on how much money has been invested on ai startups in the us ( $ 8 billion , according to some sources ) ... but it 's really hard to know if these reports mean the same thing when they talk about ai startups ... and it 's also hard to know what definition the linked report ( from a berlin-based vc firm ) uses . 
  there is also a lot of really good locally produced artisan cheese in the us . 
  but if you live in a small town , you may not have access to it . 
  on the other hand , i lived in a village in germany for a year , and the availability of interesting cheeses was also severely constrained at the spar . 
  why do you think that cheaper eggs are more likely to spread disease ? 
  aldi had eggs for $ 0.14 / dozen two weeks ago ; last week they were up to $ 0.49 . 
  the internet is like a computer . 
  the www is like windows . 
  no ; worst case scenario would be that they would declare bankruptcy . 
  which has much less of a stigma in the us than europe . 
  as opposed to europeans , who are all fluent in dutch and greek and romanian ? 
  i believe the person talking about taking pet antibiotics is lying . 
  antibiotics are not expensive , visiting a vet can be expensive , and no vet is going to give you pet antibiotics anyway . 
  if you get very ill in the us , you also go to a doctor . 
  i really ca n't believe how ignorant some europeans are about us health care . 
  you realize that the us already has what almost every eu country has ? 
  people on both sides exaggerate the differences for political effect . 
  the heritage foundation 's economic freedom index is not very credible at all . 
  it only lasted two years . 
  communism in the ussr was successful for longer than that . 
  you are confusing two issues . 
  turbo tax opposes having the irs prepare your tax forms for you . 
  this is completely separate from how complicated your taxes are . 
  tt has n't lobbied against simplifying the tax code . 
  just against simplifying preparation . 
  the us is n't as economically right wing as you probably imagine . 
  remember that it 's nox emissions standards are much higher than those in europe , for example , as the vw case recently pointed out . 
  * private sector * union jobs are somewhat rare . 
  public sector union jobs are n't particularly rare . 
  what 's worse - because there 's no excuse for it - is that many undestroyed buildings had their 19th century decorative facades stripped off in the fifties because people thought they looked too old fashioned . 
  not a war crime . 
  is this something else you were taught ? 
  i doubt you 're being downvoted for citing the hague conventions . 
  you may be being downvoted for not understanding what you 've posted . 
  prior to 1945 , the laws of war did not prohibit the bombing of * defended * targets . 
  see art . 
  bombing dresden did not violate the hague conventions . 
  you were taught propaganda . 
  no serious historian believes your version of events .
