  sovereignty rests with the people , not with the government . 
  yeah , this kind of arrogance and authoritarianism does n't help your argument much . 
  referenda have been used by a lot of countries to approve of not approve of various treaties wrt integration in the eu . 
  the fact that you believe that the eu should be able to ignore democratic results when they do n't like them , while embracing democratic results that they do like as a sign of legitimacy , is a problem . 
  it 's dull ... but it does have [ printen ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/aachener_printen ) !, 
  umm , no . 
  if , very hypothetically , russia invaded the baltics and in the process killed 200 american soldiers ... there 's no way in hell that the us would back down . 
  that 's the actual reason that eastern europe wants us military bases . 
  not at all . 
  i travelled extensively in europe in the 80 's and inner european border checks were perfunctory . 
  crossing by car from denmark to germany or germany to austria , you would often just be waved through without having to open your passport if they saw it was a german or danish or even an american one . 
  you do know that the us is n't in the eu ? 
  sure . 
  but the us population increased by 12 % in that same period . 
   i think that many brits see themself as the funny , excentric but loved uncle of europe . 
  i do n't think that any brits see themselves that way . 
  your ability to completely ignore facts you do n't like is truly amazing . 
  news outlets exist to inform citizens , not to the government . 
  with respect , the fact that you are repeating an off the cuff comment made by a lecturer in a class you 're taking is n't really great evidence of anything . 
  the eu was created in 1993 by the treaty of maastricht . 
  the 1958 treaty of rome created the eec . 
  you do n't need to be part of the eu for that ; if you have in-demand skills , it 's not difficult to emigrate to a wealthier country . 
  the commission is not elected by the parliament . 
  the commission is appointed by the council , subject to an up-or-down ratification vote by the parliament . 
  ( all 27 appointments are subject to one up-or-down vote ; the parliament does n't ratify individual commissioners ) . 
  israel does n't stone adulterers . 
   if not for a religion , his mental problems would n't have resulted in 50 dead people though . 
  that 's pure speculation . 
  he may have killed 50 people because the voices in his head told him to . 
  it 's not usually given for rape . 
  no , it 's a ridiculous statement . 
  britain is actually different from france , and both are different from germany , and all three are different from poland , and all four are different from italy ... etc. 
   hat 's what happens up to a point with h-1b visas in the states . 
  a million people emigrate to the us every year . 
  in addition , 65,000 h-1b visas are granted . 
  there are a lot of ways to come to the us other than with an h-1b, 
   why would a pole or italian or slovakian go through all the trouble and expense of coming to work in the uk when they can go to any other european country for nothing and work straight away ? 
  because they already speak english ? 
   china is already a bigger economy on ppp it makes no sense to use ppp when comparing gdp . 
  ppp relates only to the costs of a handful of consumer goods . 
  it 's relevant when comparing * salaries * . 
  it 's not relevant to gdp . 
   but because of usa . 
  well , to be fair , also because of the ussr . 
   no , it 's a plutocracy . 
  unlike europe , where the interests of the elites are never made into policy ? 
  you have to be willfully ignorant to believe this . 
  extradition to the us from the uk is easier than extradition from sweden . 
  it happens all the time . 
  the * only * reason that the whole `` the us wants to extradite assange from sweden '' theory exists is to provide a justification for assange to avoid going to sweden * other than * to avoid facing rape charges . 
  if the us actually wanted to extradite assange , they would have asked the uk to extradite him . 
  as i mentioned , people are regularly extradited from the uk ; it 's not a complicated process . 
  instead , assange supporters are asking us to believe that , instead of just asking him to be extradited from the uk , the us somehow convinced * two * swedish women to invent complaints about assange and report them to police , and then convinced the swedish prosecutor to have assange brought to sweden to face these charges ... all so the us could extradite assange from sweden rather than from the uk . 
  it 's complete bullshit that even a staunch assange supporter should be embarrassed to believe . 
  and the ... brandenburg gate !, 
  i 'm not sure how many of the working class actually support trump . 
  his ornate voters mostly are n't . 
  no , the average american is still substantially richer . 
  ppp usually sets us figures as the base and adjusts other figures up or down for the comparison . 
  but it 's not a perfect system , as there is significant variance within the us . 
  you really have no idea what you are talking about . 
  americans * have * healthcare . 
  even poor americans . 
  per capita gdp = / = median income . 
   that would maintain multipolarity to an extent . 
  and destroy it to a much larger extent ... 78 members , 50 of them us states ? 
  this is idiotic . 
  do you think that the governments in germany or france do n't also generally follow the will of the country 's elites ? 
   in a democracy , superpacs would have been banned or atleast discouraged , instead of being one of the key instruments in the outcome of the usa elections . 
  i do n't think you actually understand what a superpac is . 
  because france is going to put a tariff on its own exports ? 
   this article is totally devoid of information or historical context . 
  says the poster who has apparently never heard of the ottoman empire and believes that there was a peaceful arab region before the evil europeans colonized the area . 
  the arabs were ruled by the turks for 400 years . 
  iraq was a british mandate for 10 years ; syria a french mandate for less than 20 . 
  no , it was only vw . 
  bmw was checked and it was n't cheating . 
  germans are happy to criticize other countries , but as soon as someone criticizes germany , they go cray-cray . 
  says a person who has * zero * idea how taxes * or * business work . 
  company a is a retailer . 
  it has $ 1 million in revenue . 
  but it 's expenses are : $ 600,000 for the cost of goods it sells , $ 150,000 for rent , and $ 200,000 for employee salaries . 
  its profit is $ 50,000 . 
  if there is a 10 % tax on revenue , it owes $ 100,000 in taxes and goes out of business . 
  and i gave this company a fairly comfortable 5 % profit margins - a lot of retailers have a margin of closer to 2 % . 
  like i said , it 's an eu problem . 
  not really - eugenics arose in the us , the uk , canada , australia , and germany at about the same time . 
  and there 's a pretty substantial difference between `` let 's sterilize these developmentally disabled people because we believe that their disability is a heritable trait '' and `` let 's kill entire races - jews , slavs - because they are not aryans . '', 
  not the internet . 
  the www . 
  and that was pretty much one guy working in switzerland . 
  that 's an eu problem . 
  europe ca n't decide whether it is a union - in which case a company in any one country should be able to do business across the eu . 
  or 26 different countries , in which case a company needs to have 26 different local headquarters . 
  do n't just make stuff up . 
  here 's the official definition from [ insee ] ( http://www.insee.fr/en/methodes/default.asp?page=definitions/taux-pauvrete.htm )  the insee , like eurostat and the other european countries , measures the income poverty in a relative manner whereas other countries ( such as the united states and australia ) have an absolute approach . 
  in the approach in relative terms , the poverty line is determined with regard to the distribution of the standards of living of the whole population.in europe the threshold of 60 % of the median standard of living is privelegied . 
  here 's a link showing a poverty rate of 14 % in france . 
  ( note that traditionally france used 50 % of the median , which would give a lower number ) . 
  the us uses a figure unrelated to the median income to determine poverty guidelines : they are $ 12,000 for an individual and $ 20,000 for a family of three .
