  i do n't know why germans do n't discuss this , but it should n't really be a point of pride . 
   corporations operate under a mandate to produce profit , not to safeguard human lives . 
  thus human lives will only be safeguarded to the extent that doing so directly coincides with the production of profit . 
  except that the building was public housing , not a corporate owned building . 
   based on a mindset that is victorian in origin . 
  you are obviously blaming the us for reimporting the victorian mindset . 
  why else mention them at all ? 
  he 's just a troll ; ignore . 
  is it really hard for you to accept that this tragedy * might not * be the fault of the us ? 
  are you that unimaginative ? 
  fwiw , the us has pretty hard core fire safety rules - a building like that would have sprinklers and multiple fire exits . 
  the most trump would do is declare a twitter war . 
  it 's not just about a functioning executive branch ; it 's that the executive 's connections with russian and the election are being investigated by the fbi and a special prosecutor . 
   which is a legally binding contract . 
  no , it is n't . 
  that 's not what a contract is . 
   you agree to a five year contract except there 's no contract . 
  this is a global competitiveness ranking . 
  i do n't think you 'll entice them with the promise of swiss baguettes . 
  maybe a pressure cooker ? 
  it 's more a refined colt m4 than a modernized g36 . 
  it used to be called the h&k m4 until colt complained about trademark infringement ; 416 = m4 + m16 . 
  however , while the design is largely based on the m4 , it does use the piston system based on the g36 , which is apparently more reliable than the gas system in the m4 . 
   especially considering you only need a 2-year degree to get into it . 
  that 's not really true - for the last 20 years or so , almost all hospitals have only hired rns , which is a 4 year degree . 
  the experience of not relying on westerners was also not idyllic . 
   i swear some people just do n't understand religion is bad in general so is dishonesty . 
  and the chart is dishonest . 
  i get that you might believe that it 's okay to be dishonest if the lies you are telling are about religion . 
  but a lot of people wo n't see it that way . 
  except they do n't . 
  it 's only your massive anti-brexit boner that makes you want to believe this . 
  for / r/europe , it 's not as bad as brexit . 
   why the rubes have no issue trying to say that a democratic socialist is the same as national socialist . 
  i 'm a liberal , but i hate bigots like you . 
  you are n't better than people who live in rural areas . 
  you do n't get to call them `` rubes '' any more than you get to tell lies about them confusing democratic socialist with national socialists . 
  you , and people like you , are the reason that progressives do n't get elected in the us . 
  casual bigotry , dishonesty , and condescension are n't a winning strategy . 
  it 's a subset-of-protestants thing . 
  catholics do n't have a problem with evolution ; neither do many protestant religions . 
   just says you 're a christian , based on probably his/her religion . 
  much better than your dishonest trolling itt . 
  `` one part of the bible says x ; you do n't believe x ; therefore ; you are n't a christian . 
  that 's dishonest and anti-intellectual and trolling . 
   do n't most people who say they are christian ( including the pope ) say the entire old testament is part of the bible ? 
  it 's part of the bible . 
  but it 's not something that has to be followed . 
  that 's catholic doctrine , which covers the majority of christians . 
  i 'm not religious at all , but it 's a nice trick to be both anti-religious and anti-intellectual at the same time . 
   you can hardly give a positive interpretation to mein kampf . 
  if people spent as much time with it as they have with the bible , they probably could . 
  islamic groups were pretty strongly opposed to it in the us . 
  if you 're going to blame people today for what they did 500 years ago , no one is going to look great . 
  there 's a reason it 's called the spanish inquisition . 
  or maybe western countries invested in education , etc. 
  and got super rich . 
   maybe non western countries were in a situation , during the xix to late xx centuries , that did n't allow them to develop their own population , that did n't allow them to create their own institutions to foment studies . 
  they chose not to ? 
  pointing out that sharia law ( which is n't even `` islam '' ) is misogynistic and homophobic is n't islamophobia . 
  intolerance of intolerance is n't intolerance . 
  it 's really an extreme simplification to call an entire state `` red '' or `` blue '' anyway . 
  hillary received 40 % of the vote in texas ; trump received 40 % of the vote in illinois . 
  d\u00f6ner are n't kebabs . 
   i 'm really not interested in going over this for the 100th time . 
  mostly because it would become even more obvious that you 're lying . 
  it sounds like a netflix original series . 
  i 'd watch it . 
  i understand your other points , but cost seems a weird one to me . 
   i agree that marriage should be replaced with something else . 
  like what ? 
  and what would be the difference between `` replacing '' marriage and just changing marriage laws ? 
  you ca n't really make currency out of paper because it would dissolve if it got wet . 
  us currency is 75 % cotton and 25 % linen . 
  and reddit ? 
   it 's pretty silly to describe the internet as some singular american invention , l unless you actually know anything about the history of the internet , of course . 
  it 's because they light their cigars with 100 euro bills . 
  consumers do n't want this , so we should force them to use inferior products ? 
  the fabric is not the pants . 
  do you seriously think that jeans were invented in france ? 
  i think he means american cars sold in europe . 
  poster who is unable to offer any substantive criticism attacks the nationality of the publication . 
   aldi usa for the most part does not have a decent reputation . 
  for most of the time it was in the us , aldi was seen as ( and was ) a place where poor people bought groceries . 
  this has changed over the past 10 years of so , as they have improved their products and brought in various organics and higher quality brands . 
   the reason we do n't see this in the south is because of generations of illiteracy . 
  that 's really pretty ignorant and bigoted . 
  the culture in northern states is not any more `` european '' than in the south . 
  and the south was never particularly illiterate compared to the north . 
  the difference is simply due to different immigration patterns . 
  italians and irish settled in big cities in the northeast because they often did n't have enough money to travel west and become farmers . 
  because the irish ( who were * not * known for their literacy , and who often did n't speak english ) were looked down on by the existing population ( in part because they were catholic ) , they banded together and kept their irish identity ( or an irish identity ) . 
  when the italians ( mostly from southern italy , also not particularly literate ) arrived , the same thing happened , * plus * there was some conflict with the more or less established irish . 
  the same thing happened with poles in chicago and northern indiana . 
  these are the areas where you see pronounced ethnic identification . 
  you mostly do n't see it in the south because there was n't a lot of immigration to the south because it was poor , especially after the civil war . 
   it simply is not very attractive to start a company in germany . 
  and if you * do * manage to start a company and then it fails and you declare bankruptcy , everyone will look at you as almost being a criminal . 
  yes ... but that 's like saying that the personal computer has its popularity due to the american man who developed ms-dos and ms windows . 
  of course not .
