  the us and the european immigration systems are almost opposites . 
  the us system is set up to accept - to use the european term - `` economic migrants '' . 
  the point of the system is to accept people who want to leave their country and come to the us because of the better economic opportunities in the us . 
  by design , these people are supposed to come to the us and get a job and become productive . 
  and while complaints about illegal immigrants are quasi-mainstream , only fringe groups talk about reducing the number of legal immigrants to the us ( which has consistently been about 1 million/year for the past 30 years ) . 
  the us does make extra allowances for refugees and asylum seekers , but as a practical matter , they are kind of lumped in with the rest of the immigrants ( with a few special programs ) . 
  in europe , the immigration system is basically set up to accept refugees and asylum seekers , with significant attempts being made to screen out `` economic refugees '' . 
  there 's usually not an easy way for these people to get jobs , at least not at first , so they do place an immediate drain on the host country . 
  the us absorbs 1 million immigrants every year . 
  14 million new immigrants settled in the us between 2000 and 2010 . 
  it seems like a good idea . 
  although the different cultures and languages still complicated matters : a great spanish startup that specializes in , say , streaming spanish television still wo n't really benefit from the ability to do this across the eu as the market for spanish tv is likely to be small . 
  english : native . 
  german : fluent ( studied for years ; lived in germany for 3 years ; studied law there for a year ) . 
  dutch : somewhat conversational , although it 's hard to have conversations with the dutch because they switch to english , which makes my dutch get rustier and rustier . 
  french : i can read a lot , and i can perform simple tasks like making reservations , but generally mediocre . 
  latin : i could read cicero in college , but i 've pretty much lost it all . 
   no , but it 's a valid point to raise in this context -- the motivation behind bans on halal methods of animal slaughter is not genuinely one of animal welfare , rather than a wish to marginalize muslims . 
  no , it is n't . 
  the law requires animals to be stunned ( or sedated ) before being killed . 
  the fact that rogue meatpackers violated the law does n't show that the law was a sham ; it just shows that meatpackers wanted to save money/time and violate the law . 
   not sure if you are aware , but investigative reports have found that most of the meat here in america ( and a fair chunk in europe ) is slaughtered in far worse ways , and nobody seemed to care . 
  well , no . 
  there was significant noncompliance , but it was n't `` most of the meat '' in the us . 
  and it 's not like no one seemed to care , either - the use of `` downer '' cattle for food was completely prohibited , the vet staff of the usda inspection division was increased , and $ 10 million were appropriated to the inspection divisions for additional inspections . 
  so it 's america 's fault that the french are undereducated ? 
  yes ; there is still some authentic german culture remaining : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bkxlmawbqmi, 
  yoghurt has a lot of culture . 
   americans tend to just get nervous and start `` pretending '' to be funny by saying murica # 1 anytime someone talks about how absurd the propoganda is in hollywood and video games . 
  have you ever * been * to a movie ? 
  do you understand the purpose of entertainment ? 
  hint : it 's not education . 
  americans make films that will sell in the us , so they mostly - there are exceptions - involve us characters . 
  this is not propaganda ( at least not as that terms is commonly understood ) . 
  it 's not like a filmmaker sets out to make a film about the soviet contribution to the war and then is convinced to make a film about the us contribution to the war for propaganda purposes . 
  it 's a friggin ' film . 
  and , in any event , we are talking about what the french believe about wwii - but of course the thread has turned into a `` blame america '' thread . 
  it takes a brave man to mention balls and guillotines in the same post insulting the king . 
  he might get ideas ... 
  actually , it looks like if you just drive a milk truck on the roads in norway , it will have turned to butter by the time you arrive at your destination . 
  * everyone else * itt seems to have fully functional sarcasm detectors . 
  in 2001 , the taliban ruled afghanistan . 
  so , no , it is n't stronger . 
  no , you 've got that wrong . 
  first they came for the cartoonists . 
  yes . 
  al qaeda in yemen is a military organization that is waging war . 
  that 's how you fight military organizations : you do n't arrest all of the enemy fighters . 
  and , no , the use of drones is n't creating more terrorists . 
  because it 's stupid to equate someone waging war as part of a military organization in another country with someone who robs a bank . 
  i see two possible conclusions : 1 . 
  the finnish authorities are * massively * incompetent . 
  mcdonald 's is acting legally . 
  i suspect that the correct answer is # 2 . 
  in which case it 's up to finland to change its own tax laws , rather than whining about a company that is following the law . 
  you do n't need unending population growth . 
  but you do need replacement level growth . 
  seriously . 
  the number 1 export from the uk is `` manufactured goods '' . 
   i love how they called it a `` freedom of speech '' event . 
  this is downright islamophobia bullshit . 
  freedom of speech does n't mean you just permit speech you agree with . 
  that 's the opposite of freedom of speech . 
  freedom of speech means you allow speech you disagree with . 
  you allow speech that 's wrong . 
  you allow speech that 's stupid , or offensive , or both . 
  freedom of speech means allowing kkk rallies , nazi marches , and communist organizations . 
  and maybe you can answer a question : why do you think that rape is okay ? 
  about 6,000 since 2005 . 
  in the orangerie museum in paris there is a stall with a bidet/washlet in it in one of the restrooms in the museum . 
  i wanted to use it because i have one at home and was tired of using paper like some kind of savage . 
  unfortunately , there was a line of japanese tourists in front of the stall , and no line in front of the other stalls ... 
  i wonder if there is a guidebook for japanese tourists listing all of the available public bidets ? 
  it 's the same flag . 
  it 's just that after being in the us for some time , and eating an american diet , the stars gained weight . 
  why is the salary of a stem graduate relevant ? 
  you probably do want to only include , say , salaries of full time workers over the age of 25 or so , so that your result are n't skewed by college students or people with young children working part time . 
  but i do n't see how including the salary of a botanist or physicist helps at all . 
   on the other , a more nimble structure might have to be more authoritarian , sacrificing ( even more ) fairness and equality between member states . 
  i 'm picturing a cartoon where the two cavemen are surrounded by 15 velociraptors . 
   but i also do n't believe that being the victim of a despicable terrorist attack makes you posthumously a hero of free speech yes , it does . 
  supporting free speech means supporting the right of everyone to speak . 
  not just the right of people you agree with to speak . 
  you do n't support free speech . 
  you only support speech you agree with . 
  * everyone * does that . 
  charlie hebdo * is * a hero of free speech . 
  5 people were gunned down for exercising free speech . 
  that makes them heroes . 
  they may not be heroes of * tasteful * speech . 
  but that 's a different issue . 
   i 'm not even saying that charlie hebdo should have been banned or anything . 
  that 's pretty frightening right there . 
   it was n't easy to defend this position as many people had a `` if you 're not with us , you 're with the terrorists '' mentality . 
  and justifiably so . 
  because you are equating something that may or may not be in good taste with a deliberate , cold-blooded , mass murder . 
   in the us you do have a situation where certain seized goods go towards the police budget , definitly creating a moral hazzard . 
  ( civil forfeiture laws ) this has nothing to do with speeding tickets . 
  nor is civil forfeiture something limited to the us . 
  potentially there is a moral hazard to policy makers , but i 'm not sure that outweighs the unfairness of a one-size-fits-all policy .
