  fighting isis is bad ? 
  fighting in libya was bad ? 
   these are all assumptions . 
  you are missing the main point . 
  the * reason * we do n't know whether there was fraud is because the rules that were broken are the rules to prevent fraud . 
  you ca n't : ( 1 ) break the rules that would show fraud ; and ( 2 ) then claim that since there 's no proof of fraud , the election should n't be repeated . 
  if they keep breaking rules , yes , they need to rerun elections until they can have one without breaking the rules . 
  that 's fundamental to fair elections . 
  that 's not the relevant comparison . 
  what you are actually saying is : `` he did n't get a fair trial , but there 's no proof that he was actually innocent , so he should stay in prison . '', 
  they had the second largest economy in the eu . 
  they wo n't . 
  they will adopt new rules , transitional rules , or take the position that existing rules do n't apply to the uk ( for whatever reason ) . 
  what are you talking about ? 
  the us imports a huge number of cars every year . 
  almost 3 million cars from japan ; 500,000 cars from korea - and i 'm not sure how many from the eu ( or from germany , anyway ) . 
  they will buy more domestically made cars or import more cars from japan or the us or south korea . 
  because if the groups that make up these rankings gave the economy more weight , countries with strong economies might rank higher than countries with policies these groups support . 
  there are unpredictable results , but i 'm not sure that a parliament would be any better at predicting them than the public at large . 
  you seem to believe that you know what the results of the brexit will be . 
  for example , you just made up the `` fact '' that the uk will be paying 20 % more for imported goods . 
  sure , it 's nothing compared to the glorious history of german democracy . 
  actually , the u.k. continued as the sick man of europe for many years after it joined the eec as well . 
  you can argue that the recovery had more to do with thatcherism than with joining the eec . 
   simply pass a measure to give scotland the competence . 
  which spain would also veto . 
  it 's worth reading the linked report ( not the linked article ) , where you will find such interesting facts as : 1 . 
  the un did n't actually find the uk in breach of human rights ; and 2 . 
  the un was as critical of france as it was of the u.k. or you could believe the spin in the article and not bother reading the report . 
  if they are n't representing voters , yes , it 's not democratic . 
  does n't mean it 's bad . 
  just that it is n't democratic . 
  i 'm guessing spain would also veto that proposal . 
   you could compare the council to the us house no you ca n't . 
  the us house is directly elected by voters , just like the us senate . 
   as i said earlier , there was an election where a candidate swept the popular vote but the electoral college chose a different candidate ( see the 2000 election ) . 
  the problem with the 2000 election is that the presidential voting occurs separately in each individual state , and most states ( all but 2 , i think ) give the candidate who wins a majority of the state all of that state 's electoral votes . 
  so if candidate a wins 51 % of a state , he wins , say , all 10 electoral votes in that state . 
  even though 49 % of the state voted for candidate b , candidate b gets 0 electoral votes . 
  so if a wins a lot of states by close margins , and b wins the same number of states by large margins , they will both have the same number of electoral votes , even though b will have won a much greater share of the popular vote . 
  this is sort of what happened with bush and gore : in 49 states , they were basically tied in electoral votes , but gore had a larger margin . 
  but gore lost florida , barely , and thus lost all of florida 's electoral votes , and thus the election . 
  even though his margins in the other states were such that more people actually voted for him . 
  at least 80 million . 
   so , yeah , what exactly are luxembourg and ireland going to do against pressure from germany , france , italy to level those taxes ? 
  veto harmonization proposals . 
   de gaulle did n't want the uk in the eu because he knew that their interests were the interests of the us , not the interests of a powerful and united europe . 
  that was not de gaulle 's actual position : http://news.bbc.co.uk/onthisday/hi/dates/stories/november/27/newsid_4187000/4187714.stm, 
  even after brexit , the british capital will remain for a long time the most important european city for finance . 
   they already conform to all eu standards they have a 10 % budget deficit . 
  eu requires 3 % . 
  got is based in belfast and most of the outdoor scenes are filmed on the antrim coast . 
  ( although some scenes are also set in croatia , iceland , and morocco . 
   the uk basically have nothing to put into the negotiations . 
  this is profoundly wrong . 
  trade is based on mutually beneficial relationships , and the eu ca n't harm the uk without harming itself . 
  the uk might be harmed * more * , but the eu would still be harmed . 
  which is why german industry leaders have already said that they want there to be no tariffs between the eu and the uk after a brexit . 
  they do n't want to lose the uk as a market . 
  seriously , only an * idiot * would suggest making it more difficult to export your goods to the uk ... which is why no one actually in power is suggesting that . 
   they still need cars ( and as said , even when buying uk-produced cars , the companies are still owned not by uk , for example mini is bmw ) , they still need all the other things they still import . 
  they do n't have to import things from the eu , though . 
  in economic terms , this is called `` substitution '' . 
  they buy more electronic parts from china , more cars from japan , more pharmaceuticals from the us , more wine from australia . 
  maybe they pay a little more ... but that 's actually less harmful than actually losing a market . 
  thank you . 
  it 's from art . 
  20 of the german const . 
   do you also have any actual arguments to bring to the discussion or was that it ? 
  how 's this : the idea that democracy is dangerous leads to fascism and dictatorship . 
  and the idea that we should ignore the will of the voters because they are wrong smacks of the communist idea that voting is wrong because of `` false consciousness . '', 
  regardless , the idea that the government should ignore the votes of the people when they do n't like the results of the vote is consistent with at least two european traditions - the first one ended in 1945 and the second one ended in 1989 . 
  as an outsider , it looks to me like the remain campaign was too arrogant . 
  i do n't think people who talk about the u.s.e. 
  really understand what that would entail . 
  and of course there are a lot of different ways to arrange it - but if it 's even somewhat like the us , it would work like this : 1 . 
  80-90 % of your taxes would go to the federal use . 
  this money would be spent by the use parliament , which would represent , proportionally , everyone in the use . 
  there would likely be a second body - call it a chamber of countries - which might provide some additional protection for smaller countries on some matters . 
  but the results of this for , say , germany , would be that while their taxes would provide for 30 % or so of the use budget , they would only have about 15 % of the votes in the use parliament ( and would be even weaker if there were a chamber of countries , since that would disproportionately benefit smaller countries ) . 
  with 15 % of the votes , germany would be the largest single bloc in the parliament , but would not have the ability to refuse to pay for projects it does n't like , nor the ability to veto any decisions it does n't like . 
  including the use of military force . 
  so i have to wonder whether even germany - the most eu-positive fully developed economy in the eu - would really accept this level of integration with , or ... to use a more accurate term ... subordination to the rest of europe . 
  this , seriously . 
   scotland had a clause built into the indyref decision that removal against the democratic will of the people from the eu is grounds for a new independence referendum . 
   no it did n't . 
  that 's just what the snf wants . 
  your only `` argument '' is that you are smarter than everyone else . 
  that 's not actually an argument , and , based solely on your posts , i 'm skeptical that it 's true . 
   what 's `` complete dystopia '' about uniting humanity and maximizing our progress so we see the maximum amount of increase in technological and scientific development , life expectancy and progress in general ? 
  those are great goals . 
  afaict , they have nothing to do with the eu . 
  this is such a german suggestion . 
  no one has absolute knowledge . 
  not even 3 to 5 educated supervisors . 
  what you are really advocating for is doing away with democracy entirely and replacing it with an educated bureaucracy . 
  not entirely . 
  the uk opted out . 
  the us is not the eu . 
  states are n't countries .
