  things may have changed , but in 2014 you could get pretty close to the statue maybe within 10 feet or so . 
  although people were mostly ignoring it ... 
  in your constant objections to holding assad to account for using poison gas on civilians . 
  in your suggestions that the us be sanctioned for responding to the use of poison gas . 
   no , i complain about double standards and hypocrisy . 
  no , you complain about the us and ignore assad using poison gas on civilians . 
  no one in the video cares ; not the walkers , not the bikers , not the drivers . 
  i 'm not sure what pointing out the recyclers has to do with anything . 
  are you in the import business or the export business ? 
  or the tourist business ? 
  that data is * also * tracked . 
  it 's just not as useful as regular unemployment because it tells you nothing about demand . 
  if the regular unemployment rate is 4 % , you know that businesses are going to have a harder time finding workers and wages are likely to rise somewhat . 
  this is not affected by those people not looking for jobs , whether because they are staying home to raise their kids or because they are discouraged by the job market . 
  but , again , those numbers * are * tracked . 
  if you think unemployment numbers are `` bullshit '' , it 's because you really do n't understand what you are talking about . 
  normal ... to the extent it means anything ... is $ 1.17 - $ 1 ... that was the rate the euro was set at when it was introduced . 
  have you ever been to a country outside of germany ? 
  germany 's weird cash fixation is * not * the norm . 
  you ca n't even buy a bus ticket in sweden with cash , not even from the driver . 
  it 's worked well so far . 
  it 's pretty easy to agree that gassing civilians is wrong . 
  except for a couple of posters in this thread . 
  not when you can spam reddit in support of assad 's use of poison gas against civilians . 
  you really have no decency . 
   what the us did is a crime . 
  no , it is n't . 
  it 's a crime to indiscriminately bomb civilians , and to wage a war of conquest . 
  it 's not a crime to not obtain the permission of the un before doing a warlike act that does n't meet the above definitions . 
  no matter how much you wish it were ... and of course you do n't really care about any of this . 
  syria drops poison gas on its citizens . 
  the us bombs the air base that syria used to do this . 
  / u/moonknightsg complains about the actions of the us . 
  typical . 
   it 's perfectly relevant . 
  if you are trying to justify assad 's use of chemical weapons . 
  why are you trying to do that ? 
  by that definition , anything using gunpowder is a chemical weapon . 
  then do n't fuck germans . 
  problem solved . 
  in english , it 's not limited to sheep - it basically refers to the land where sheep , goats , cattle , horses , or any other type of grazing livestock , um , grazes . 
  also referred to as `` pastures '' . 
  and then go to southern italy outside of rome , rural areas in the former wp countries , rural greece , or even , to a lesser extent , the british midlands . 
  what is terribly written about it ? 
  it 's arguably critical of austria ? 
  it 's interesting that germany and italy are the only two countries where the richest region * is n't * the capital region . 
   the brexiteers invented a fake story narrative so each time the question of scottish independence comes up they can say `` but but spain will not allow it because x '' no . 
  the only fake news is your post . 
  the post-brexit story has always been that spain would veto scotland 's accession to the eu if scotland voted to leave on its own , * without * a london-backed referendum . 
  no one has ever claimed that spain would veto scottish membership * if london agreed . 
  * and this story does n't change those facts . 
  look at the statement : spain wo n't veto if scotland 's secession is * legal and constitutional . * . 
  presumably , spain * would veto * if scotland attempted to secede without the permission of the ruk . 
  why else would he phrase his statement as he did ? 
  the us is tied for 3d for food quality and ranks first in food affordability . 
  it has a low overall ranking because of a high incidence of diabetes and obesity . 
  which is an odd thing to include in a food quality ranking , as it has much more to do with the amount of food you eat than its quality . 
   i 've always seen the `` we 're not a demoracy , but a republic '' argument by american redditors . 
  many people are stupid . 
  many other people are 14 . 
  a republic is ( or can be ) a type of democracy . 
  people who do n't know this should be ignored . 
  this has nothing to do with common law . 
  at all . 
  this is about judicial review , which is the power of the supreme court to overturn unconstitutional statutes . 
  many civil law jurisdictions have a similar process , and some common law jurisdictions do n't have judicial review at all . 
  under common law , statutes trump judicial decisions , not vice versa . 
  what pounding ? 
   how are employers allowed to pay less than minimum wage ? 
  the minimum wage is not the `` average '' wage . 
  only 1 % of full time workers above college age in the us make the minimum wage . 
  it 's not the kind of wages you pay even illegal immigrants in slaughterhouses . 
  aircraft engines ? 
  south korea has a history of making some pretty crappy cars , though . 
  kia/hyundai do n't help . 
  switzerland should be first . 
  germany makes some high quality goods and some average quality goods . 
  afaict , switzerland only makes high quality goods . 
   why would i call you ignorant if you do n't know that the polish regularly feature in top 10 sausages rankings ? 
  the difference is that you are trumpeting your ignorance . 
  you are wearing it like a badge of pride . 
  that 's different from simply not knowing something . 
   i am just relaying my personal perception . 
  but you * are * ignorant . 
  and it 's not so much your personal perception as your personal prejudices , which appear to come from ... i do n't know , watching tv ? 
   $ and # are only going to get weaker . 
  two years ago , it was $ 1.40 to $ 1 . 
  a year ago , it was $ 1.15 . 
  today it rose to $ 1.09 . 
  the $ and # have pretty much declined in lockstep , and probably will stay low-ish until the fallout from brexit is sorted . 
  a lot of things produced in the u.k. and us are n't consumer goods , but things like aircraft , jet engines , ships , etc. 
  or else things used in other things - computer chips , machine parts , and so forth . 
  not necessarily things you would encounter in your day to day life . 
  it 's not like greece went to a bank and applied for a loan . 
  they sold bonds . 
   most of the shoes i can buy in the us stores fall apart or are unwearable after a few months . 
  this really depends on what kind of shoes you are talking about . 
  i have some very high quality american made dress shoes that have lasted 20 years - but they also cost $ 250 20 years ago . 
  i 'm not really impressed with german shoes ( aside from birkenstocks ) , but the french make some high quality shoes ( mephisto ) as do the italians and english . 
  luxembourg is like `` hey guys , do n't forget about me back here ... '' .
