  it means , at best , that you might understand one additional country . 
  of course you would n't . 
  as a german , you are perfectly happy to believe that german companies can do no wrong and that this is all a us plot to undermine germany . 
  even when the cheating by vw is blatant and extreme . 
  and , no , vw is not tremendous competition to carmakers in the us . 
  after its collapse in the 90 's ( due to poor reliability , especially of electrical systems ) , vw ended up with a market share of something like 3 % . 
  the cheating was part of a plan to regain us market share . 
  note that bmw was tested and found not to have cheated . 
   i do n't get the hype at all . 
  you should go again . 
  in the past 5 years or so , they have significantly increased the quality of a lot of their products . 
  they are excellent for staples like dairy , cheese , chocolate , eggs , nuts , some spices , etc. 
  much better than wal * mart . 
  it 's an unfamiliar experience compared to a us supermarket , but you get used to it . 
  i do n't do all my shopping there , but i usually start there because the prices are low * and * because you can get in and out very quickly . 
  both because there are n't a lot of products in the first place , and because the cashiers are extremely efficient . 
  ( and start at $ 12/hour ) . 
  they are way too slow compared to actual cashiers . 
  no ; once you set it , it stays on . 
   this is a reflection of a basic difference that is also reflected in the difference between continental civil law , which accepts the primacy of the political , and anglo-saxon common law , where particular interests ( notably commercial interests ) are more pronounced . 
  no , it is n't . 
  the uk has a different understanding of free speech than the us does , and one that is much more consistent with common law . 
  the understanding of free speech in the us is based on the first amendment , which was the result of disagreeing with many otherwise legal prosecutions in the previous century . 
   even us democracy owes a lot to the french revolution . 
  like what , exactly ? 
   by that i mean that some people identify themselves so strongly with their religion that they consider satire of the religion as satire of themselves . 
  no , you do n't get it . 
  they did n't attack charlie hebdo because they felt insulted . 
  they attacked charlie hebdo because charlie hebdo committed blasphemy . 
  it has nothing to do with people feeling insulted . 
   then it has spectacularily failed , see for example trial-less asset forfeighture . 
  you might be entirely innocent but yet cant keep your property or possessions . 
  there is asset forfeiture without a criminal conviction , but no asset forfeiture without a trial . 
  a significant distinction . 
   the us has been more or less an oligarchy for the last 40 or 50 years oh bullshit . 
  one person wrote an article claiming that the us is an oligarchy - using an invented definition of `` oligarchy '' - and now everyone on reddit suddenly believes that this is absolute truth . 
  the article in question asserted that the us was an `` oligarchy '' because the upper middle class ( say , the top 20-30 % of the population ) was more effective at getting its preferences legislatively enacted than the people on the bottom 70 % of the population . 
  if you believe that this is not also the case in europe , then i 've a bridge in brooklyn i 'd like to sell you . 
   but if everyone is rich , capitalism does not work , because it needs poor people it can exploit . 
  did you stop learning about economics in 1850 ? 
   but if you have no money and owe nothing to no one , you are richer than 1/4 of americans . 
  which shows why using net worth is an incredibly stupid way to measure wealth . 
  some europeans actually believe that . 
  the poor in the us are n't getting poorer . 
  but real income for the bottom 50 % have stagnated . 
  there is income growth in the top 50 % , and some decent growth in the top 20 % . 
  not just the top 5 % ( although there 's more growth in the top 5 than the top 20 ) . 
  all of that does lead to increasing inequality , however . 
  it should n't be made with gl\u00fchwein . 
  just red wine and fruit and sugar and rum . 
  ( high proof rum ), 
   ( which did n't happen , the first reports came out literally the day after ) yes , it happened . 
  which is why the editor-in-chief of die zeit as well as zdf and many other news organs apologized for it . 
  rather than bashing on brexit , you should really consider why you - and so many other germans - think it 's okay for your press to suppress news because it might give some sort of indirect support for claims made by political parties with whom they disagree . 
  which is exactly the type of self-censorship that is going on ... and i say this as someone who also disagrees with those political types . 
  again , you are flatly wrong when you state that it does n't happen . 
  german newsmedia agree that it happened . 
  stop pretending it did n't . 
  [ zdf apologizes ] ( http://dailycaller.com/2016/01/07/germanys-largest-broadcaster-apologizes-for-not-reporting-sexual-assault-attacks/ ), 
  it 's not slang . 
  maybe you should find another place to complain about americans using american english than on an american website . 
  or maybe you should n't criticize him for using a term that you * perfectly well understood . 
  * if you do n't like his point of view , attack his point of view . 
  passive-aggressively attacking his * word choice * is idiotic . 
  doma did n't apply to the states , though . 
  meaning that ssm became legal in some states in the early 2000 's , while other states adopted state constitutional amendments banning it . 
  yeah , good luck with that . 
  germany itself is a pretty large purchaser of us companies , spending something like $ 70 billion/year on mergers and acquisitions in the us . 
  that is much more difficult to do in china , of course . 
  well , there 's [ this ] ( https://suntimesmedia.files.wordpress.com/2016/09/afp_gl0pi_64364815.jpg?w=670 ), 
  $ 10 billion of the us settlement is going to the people who purchased the defective vws . 
  i do n't see why we should make them suffer the loss . 
  and vw wo n't fail because of these fines - they make about $ 10 billion in profit every year , and have something like $ 25 billion in the bank . 
  not really . 
  owning an oil well in texas is n't the same as making money from political connections at all . 
   and then , there is the way american law does n't work . 
  what way is that ? 
   see the thing about rights is that they tell you what you can do , that 's completely backwards . 
  rights , almost everywhere , are limits on what the government can do , not what people can do . 
  most us laws are state laws , not federal laws . 
  50 years ago , exchange rates were fixed , based on gold under the bretton woods agreement . 
  queen al-zabith ? 
  those cases have to do with judicial review , not the common law . 
  judicial review is not a part of the common law . 
  and the common law has nothing to do with overruling statutes . 
  iow , you hate people who do n't conform ? 
  this is true . 
  but using it as an excuse to kill people was pretty exclusive to germany . 
  many highly selective universities in the us - harvard , princeton , yale - had quotas on the number jewish students that they would admit . 
  this meant that otherwise well-qualified jewish students would have to go to lesser universities . 
  germans put jews in camps and killed them . 
  some states in the us had programs in which individuals with mental retardation would be sterilized . 
  this is pretty bad ... but germany had a program in which individuals with retardation would be ~ ~ killed ~ ~ euthanized , and then germany later declared large groups of people ( homosexuals , gypsies , jews ) to be genetically unfit and killed them . 
  minimum wage in the us is $ 7.25 / hour , and only 1 % of full time workers make that little . 
  toyota and honda have had lane keeping for years . 
  not to say that mercedes wo n't lead the way , but if they do , it wo n't be because of lanekeeping . 
  also , it 's a lot harder now that there already is a silicon valley . 
   if you founded a company and failed , that seen as `` bad '' in europe . 
  yes , this is a very significant cultural difference . 
  if your company goes bankrupt in germany , it 's shameful and embarrassing .
