  they want the west to stay out of the me so they an do this . 
  they want to be feared and respected as dangerous adversaries . 
   yet this is my biggest concern . 
  because you are a narcissist ? 
  there is a huge difference between 100 + people being killed execution style at a rock concert and people dying accidentally . 
   generating hatred and extremism among europeans is the goal of this terrorism . 
  no , it fucking is n't . 
  you do know that terrorists often explain why they do what they do ? 
  how about reading their explanations rather than * making up * a convenient explanation that you want to believe . 
   terrorism is the symptom , not the cause . 
  sometimes treating the symptom is enough . 
  fact-free and jingoistic attacks on the us policy are deserving of equally fact-free responses . 
  there are several ways in which the us reaction to 9/11 was flawed . 
  but there has also not been any similar incident in the us since 9/11 . 
   al qaeda got exactly what they wanted when they committed 9/11 , virtually wiped out an as an effective organization ? 
  with no new terrorist attacks on us soil ? 
  do n't confuse problems the us has had in the me with what aq wanted . 
  what aq wanted was for governments in the me to be overthrown ( most particularly in saudi arabia ) and replaced by taliban-like fundamentalist states . 
  their primary reason for attacking the us was because the us supported sa . 
   going to war or trying to force an outcome out of a person or a group of people will always end in chaos . 
  for you and for them . 
  i.e. , wwii was a mistake ; the allies should have just let hitler win . 
  do you understand that 9/11 itself was a terrorist attack ? 
  and that there were terrorist attacks before 9/11 ? 
   but when a large scale , orchestrated attack that probably relied on a lot of preparation and communication such as this one i think it 's too early to describe this as a `` large scale orchestrated attack '' . 
  as far as we know right now , there were only about 10 people involved and all of the attacks took place in paris . 
  most of the critical planning could ( presumably ) have been done face to face . 
   it has very educated population thanks to their world class education system this is true , although the benefits of having the best-educated 15-year-olds in the world may be overstated . 
   it 's the least socially mobile country in the developed world it 's very misleading to look at relative social mobility and not consider absolute social mobility . 
  a country where the bottom quintile earns 20,000 / year ; the median is 25,000 / year ; and the top quintile is 30,000 / year has low inequality . 
  and it is very easy to move from the bottom quintile to the top , as it only requires making 10,000 / year more . 
  on the other hand , a country where the bottom quintile is 20,000 / year , the median is 55,000 / year , and the top is 100,000 year is more unequal . 
  it 's much harder to move from the bottom quintile to the top because it requires earning 80,000 / year more . 
  even intergenerationally , if you earn 20,000 more in the first country , you 'll move from the top to bottom , with room to spare . 
  if you earn 50,000 than your parents in country 2 , you still wo n't make it to the top quintile . 
  so is it really accurate to say that a country has more social mobility when you only consider movement from quintile to quintile , but do n't consider the absolute increase in money from generation to generation ? 
  it 's an important piece of the puzzle , of course , but it 's meaningless without also considering absolute social mobility . 
  maybe mcdonald 's will finally bring back the mclung !, 
  this did happen in germany , where the bnd asked the nsa to intercept communications from some german citizens and share the intel , since the bnd was not permitted to spy on these individuals themselves . 
  we got caught !, 
  and we 're passing the savings on to you !, 
  germany has the largest single economy in the eu , but not by an overwhelming amount . 
  germany 's gdp is about 3.8 t euros : the uk has a gdp of about 3 t euros and france 's is about 2.8 t euros . 
  the overall eu gdp is around 18.5 t euros . 
  it 's `` soccer '' in south africa , too . 
   expensive housing the other points are arguable , but what ?? 
   my ideas on americans are formed largely through movies and reddit . 
  i 'm trying to think if there is a worse way to get ideas on americans . 
  although i suppose it might depend on the movie . 
  i think the systems are actually fairly comparable until you make an income of around $ 50,000 / year . 
  after that , european taxes tend to go sharply upwards , which is not the case in the us . 
  that includes full and part time workers . 
  median full time wage in the us is $ 41,132 . 
  is there any other way to measure ? 
  the vast majority of people in the us have insurance , mostly paid by employers . 
   when she has medical issues shell have to pay up . 
  no , she 'll have insurance . 
  europeans * really * do n't understand how healthcare works in the us . 
   the point of my argument is that you * really * do n't understand how grad school works in the us . 
  aside from professional school , grad school tuition is * paid for * by your academic fellowship or teaching assistantship . 
  it 's very rare for people to go to grad school in an academic area and not have their tuition covered ; many programs do n't accept people who do n't have aid . 
  no one ( well , it 's very very rare ) pays out of pocket for a grad degree in , say , physics . 
  grad students are paid for by the department . 
  professional school ( law , medicine , business ) is different ; people pay for grad school in those areas - presumably on the theory that they will lead to higher paying careers . 
  the default rate among people who graduate from regular ( public or private non-profit ) 4-year universities is fairly low . 
  most of the default rate is driven by people who attended for-profit schools ( including both colleges and things like truck-driving schools ) . 
  exactly . 
  1/3 of people come out of college with no student loan debt , and for people with debt , the average amount is under $ 30,000 . 
  still a lot of money , but the handful of people with very large debts tend to have gone to grad school in a lucrative field . 
  ( although there are some outliers who made poor choices ; they are disproportionately featured in the media ) . 
   or the working class wages are much , much lower ( than oecd average ) , not really - the cutoff for the bottom quintile of us households is $ 21,000 . 
  and less frequently ... 
   the germans pay a fortune in taxes . 
    despite that , i 'm not sure that `` despite that '' makes sense in this context . 
  paying a lot of taxes is not likely to lead to having a greater net worth . 
  it * may * lead to not having as great a need for a high net worth . 
  that was my thought , too . 
  the title is n't misleading at all . 
  i 've read all of your comments in this thread and for some reason you seem butthurt that someone wrote an article saying something nice about britain . 
   but this very vague flawed definition of `` generous '' does n't really chime with our verifiable statistics on homelessness , poverty and the mentally ill . do you understand how stupid this is ? 
  that it * really * looks like you are desperate to downplay british generosity , such as it is ? 
  maybe people in the uk give more because they see more problems ? 
  maybe they give more but just not enough to fix these problems ? 
  maybe these factors are completely unrelated . 
  are you going to mention blair 's support for the iraq war next ? 
  how would you take gni into account ? 
  while you 're making changes , vilnius is n't that easy to pronounce , either . 
  i suggest litland for lithuania , and litland city for vilnius . 
  `` au '' in english sounds like `` aw '' in `` law '' , `` saw '' , or `` aww '' . 
  he may not have lasted three weeks if he 'd gone to bregenz . 
  [ mohrenbr\u00e4u ] ( http://kronkorken.blogsport.de/?p=13 ), 
   i think the `` depression '' of a lot of americans ( i forgot to mention in the post that i 'm american ) what ? 
  well , based on many european 's reaction to ttip * in this very thread * , americans look like fucking socrates . 
   poland is not protecting a child rapist . 
  of course poland is protecting a child rapist . 
  you can argue why they should do so , but you ca n't just make up your own facts . 
  and maybe you have no idea what you are talking about , no understand about the facts of the case , and are just making shit up . 
  although `` the reader 's digest guide to home improvement '' might have been even better . 
  you do n't have to know calculus to know not to cut a door in a load-bearing wall . 
   much of history ( as a subject ) is rather unlike the stereotypical humanities .
