  from the title `` young people paying for normal sex '' ( ! ), 
  to `` it depends on the girl , of course , but we cast film powders for only 15 euros , '' to `` they do not like to go around aerating ranging from sluts . 
  especially among girls , many take it wrong . '', 
  i feel like i 'm missing a lot of important nuances . 
  casting film powders ? 
  aerating ranging from sluts ? 
  most people want their standard of living to improve , and you need growth for that to happen . 
   would n't atomic bombs that killed thousands of civilians at a time , or nazi camps where thousands of people where being killed and burnt each day yes , because those are completely comparable . 
  you ca n't understand why people would buy a phone that is the * absolute best * at doing what they do several times a day , and instead buy a phone that allows them the freedom to do things they are n't interested in doing , but makes it inconvenient to do that thing that they need to do all the time ? 
  free encrypted messaging is only useful if everyone you need to text also uses it . 
  russia wants more prissy american censorship . 
  but germany was n't reduced to rubble after wwi . 
  it was n't bombed and it was n't occupied . 
  ( except a small part by the french ) . 
  by `` schengen '' they mean a program that is popular with almost all europeans . 
  by `` schengen for defense '' , they mean `` a program that is popular with all europeans for defense . '', 
  and by `` defense '' they apparently mean american-style defense and not brexity `` defence '' . 
  the title in the linked article is wrong . 
  the eu is promising free wi-fi in every town , village , or city . 
  not to everyone in every town , village , or city . 
  iow , there will be one free wifi hotspot in every town . 
  the eu is also seeking to make 100 mbps broadband `` available '' by 2025 to everyone in the eu . 
  but it wo n't wo n't be free , and no one knows what the conditions on its availability will be . 
  pipes bursting is the responsibility of the landlord . 
  and completely replacing a lock is $ 50 ... and it 's not clear that this is the responsibility of the tenants in the first place . 
  the us provides more welfare benefits than many counties in europe . 
  something that our right wing and your left wing both downplay . 
  denazification in the sense of removing former nazis from power was stopped pretty early , yes . 
  but denazification in the sense of : ( 1 ) focusing on crimes committed by the nazis and the general illegitimacy of nazism ; and ( 2 ) valorizing liberal democratic values ; was a comprehensive program that is still ongoing . 
  yes , if you measure by the number of cigarettes consumed per capita . 
  but 34 % of french men and 28 % of french women smoke , which is not particularly low - for the us , those percentages are 18 % and 16 % respectively . 
  but since the per capita consumption numbers are similar , those people in the us who do smoke seem to smoke twice as much as french smokers . 
   seems like a hugely overblown issue . 
  a lot of the discussion has been extremely overblown . 
  but the underlying issue - that blanket algorithm directed bans on all nudity lead to undesirable results - is an actual issue . 
  iow , let 's ignore this factual article because it 's printed in an american newspaper , and america is perceived as being more corrupt than denmark . 
  if less corrupt than france . 
  the enemy of my enemy is my friend ? 
  catalan is interesting . 
  i think the idea is to keep boots off the ground . 
  you have an awfully strange username for a pacifist . 
  [ barrett .50 caliber ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5j9hcdr21mo ), 
  in mathematics , you do n't need electricity or computers . 
  i 'm not sure what the german constitutional issue is - but their constitution is pretty easy to amend - it just requires a 2/3 vote in each house of parliament . 
   he 's ( in ) famously praised the chavista economic policies well , sort of . 
  he noted that venezuela had had impressive growth ( which was quite true in 2007 ; the economy had grown by 8-9 % in the previous year ) . 
  he also praised v. for spending a lot of its new wealth on education and healthcare . 
  but he also noted that venezuela 's growth was mostly the result of increased oil prices , and criticized v. for having an economy that was overdependent on oil . 
  the us troops training in finland are normally stationed in alaska , so they are n't unused to winter . 
  skiing , on the other hand . 
  is he single ? 
   the best both dublin and apple can offer is a lame `` it was legal at the time '' . 
  `` it was legal at the time '' is a * very * compelling argument . 
  if you believe in the rule of law . 
   as for this spiel about russia being a meanie and america being friendly , i will quote kissinger :  america has no permanent friends or enemies , only interests . 
  kissenger is quoting a speech lord palmerston gave in the 1840 's about england 's allies and interests . 
  palmerston was paraphrasing machiavelli . 
   there are oecd studies which clearly demonstrate that the less time people work , the more productive they are per hour . 
  yet the us is more productive than most of europe despite working more hours . 
  no , they are n't . 
  all countries calculate unemployment in the same way . 
  including retirees and full time students in the data makes no sense . 
   the military industry is ruled by aged war veterans who think that using unmaned machines to fight wars is cowardly , this is idiotic . 
  the us has no problem using unmanned machines to fight wars . 
  the problem is that it 's * really easy * for modern armies to shoot down drones . 
  oh no , you have to go all the way to san francisco , which has one of the largest opera companies in the us . 
   having lived in a few scandinavian countries scandinavia is n't europe . 
  the internet in germany , for example , is nothing to brag about , with most people still using dsl . 
   if you set foot outside of major cities in the us you are immediately reduced to dial up internet you are full of shit . 
  you seriously have zero clue what you are talking about and are basically lying . 
  i 'm not sure why . 
   most startups are crap anyway and fail and only exist because vcs are willing to throw cash around , taking a loss on many , in hopes they get the next amazon , fb , snapchat , uber . 
  yes , exactly . 
  this is not a flaw , it 's a feature . 
  europe needs a culture that embraces failure , because failure is inevitable when you take risks . 
   europe needs to build alternatives to microsoft , apple , facebook , ibm , samsung , and google , making knock-offs of established products is not the key to success . 
  and it 's certainly not an example of europe `` finding its own way '' . 
   you work a lot in a place with little or no culture . 
  to the extent i even understand this , it 's not true . 
  sure . 
  but because you 'll get many of these benefits with cs jobs anyway , they do n't counteract a higher salary . 
  they way that they might with other types of jobs . 
  they are n't necessarily draining the very new grads . 
  but with 5 years of experience they can get $ 150k + . 
  they wo n't get europeans-style vacations , but health coverage will be excellent and employer paid . 
  yes . 
  they probably do have a large marketing department , though . 
   silicon valley was born out of stanford 's tech program . 
  stanford was important , but that overstates its role . 
  shockley ( the inventor of the transistor ) moved to sv to be near his mother when she was sick ( and because he could n't get along with some people at bell labs ) ; his mother happened to live in palo alto . 
  he founded shockley semiconductor . 
  some shockley employees did n't like his management style , so they left and founded fairchild semiconductor ; two fairchild employees then left and founded intel . 
  sv was helped a lot by the fact that there were a lot of defense contractors in the area , which meant a large number of available engineers . 
  ( and , yeah , stanford did a lot to have the area focus on high technology , specifically ) . 
  that 's not really true . 
  europeans have historically been fans of large , integrated transnational companies . 
  volkswagen , daimler , shell , axa , carrefour , fiat , nestl\u00e9 , unilever , etc. 
  no , they are n't . 
  and especially not for individuals . 
  germany imposes a 42 % personal income tax on taxable income above $ 53,000 / year and below $ 250,000 .
