  okay , there is a tiny increase . 
  between the start of the recession and 2012 , the us increased its debt by 55 % . 
  between 2012 and now , the us increased its debt by 2 % . 
  you also see the same thing ( less dramatic ) with budget deficits increasing during the recession , and decreasing afterwards . 
  ( except for germany ) . 
  but the eu bureaucracy does n't do what the bureaucracies in sovereign countries do . 
  that 's complete nonsense . 
  being the smartest egg in a basket is still not saying much . 
  there is also an issue that oil is priced in dollars , which means a devaluation wrt the dollar generally leads to an increase in energy prices which ca n't be avoided by substitution . 
  * however * , because oil prices are low right now ( and dropping ) , this is less of an issue . 
  true , and it always benefited from a weaker mark , too . 
  i do n't think the rest of the world has much particularly persuasive to say when it comes to taxation of us citizens . 
  this is such a bizarre claim ; us media are filled with reports of bad things in the us , from the shooting in missouri to high student loan debt loads to problems with the f-35 ... and everything in between . 
   to counteract the great recession , every major country took on tons of debt ( we are talking trillions of dollars , not a few hundred billion ) this is generally true . 
   everyone is devaluing their currencies , increasing debt and maintaining low interest rates . 
  it 's the only way to stay afloat in the current economic environment . 
  if you do n't , you lose your growth , unemployment rises and there is unrest . 
  no , most countries stopped increasing debt as the recession eased . 
  i do n't think `` atrophied '' is the right word , as that suggests some golden age where elites did not have disproportionate power . 
  i do n't think that 's ever been the case , and it 's only the recency illusion that suggest that because this problem was recently identified , it is a recent problem . 
  it has only been in the past 50 years , for example , that institutional and legal barriers to black voting , particularly in the south , have been dismantled - in 1964 , when the voting rights act was passed , 70 % of the white population was registered to vote in miss. , but only 7 % of the black population were . 
   a mere 20 percent of russians polled believe it is possible to earn millions of rubles in good faith , while 70 percent dismissed the prospect as a fantasy , the poll revealed . 
   one million rubles is roughly equal to $ 17,700 . 
  you receive less if you * work * while drawing ss , but not if you have income from a pension or 401 ( k ) or other retirement accounts . 
   remember all the theorising about yv and his ` game theory ' background ? 
  some people just like to watch things burn ? 
  no , that 's pretty much exactly backwards . 
  without prosperity , you ca n't afford principle . 
  at least in the us , social security is only based on income up to a fairly low point - i think the maximum possible benefit is something like $ 2,500 / month for someone retiring at the normal retirement age . 
  the biggest issue is that ss ( and more importantly , medicare ) is n't need based . 
  everyone over 65 gets medicare , in the same amount and regardless of their income . 
  everyone who pays into ss will get social security benefits ( in different amounts ) , regardless of their other retirement income . 
   the cause of this mess is without a shadow of a doubt the greek debt . 
  yes . 
   and us will have a rude awakening regarding their debt sooner or later . 
  umm , no . 
   ut if eu as a whole reaches a point of of federation with basically the rest of the continent with a monetary , fiscal , and parliamentary union the uk will be hard pressed not to join . 
  why would the uk be hard-pressed not to join ? 
  canada has not joined the us and everyone seems fine with that . 
  most badasses are . 
  most of these funds go to individuals in these states , not to the states themselves . 
  it 's not like the eu at all . 
  the englishman is pissed, 
   the fact that the government of germany ( as opposed to any eu representative , even germany 's ) has such an important leadership role is part of the problem . 
  i do n't think that the important role played by germany is part of the problem ; germany is playing the role they are because there is no other institution ( and no one else ) who can play the role . 
  the german government is the only institution that can act . 
  and the flaws in the process have come about primarily because there is no process and everyone has to figure things out ad hoc . 
  they pointed out that ny is also not in the ez , but that goldman sachs was available to provide assistance upon request . 
  in the 19th c , britain would have deposed the greek monarch if he did n't comply with their demands , and demanded concessions if greece owed money that they refused to pay . 
  if there is an argument that someone is going all 19th century on greece , that person is assuredly not the uk . 
   i do n't like sending my tax money down to mississippi and alabama i wish people would stop making this comparison . 
  you do n't send your tax money to mississippi and alabama . 
  you send you money to the federal government , who distributes it to individuals who qualify for welfare , student loans , social security , etc. , regardless of where they live . 
  because those dealings were ( 1 ) legal ; and ( 2 ) not confined to greece . 
  yes but : ( 1 ) it took them three tries to finally sell these bonds ; ( 2 ) the interest rate was 8.75 % ( !, 
  ) ; and ( 3 ) they only raised $ 1.4 b ( an attempt to raise $ 3b failed ) . 
  greece needs 85b euros in the next three years ( ~ $ 95b ) , and would be killed with 8.75 % interest - at that rate , the amount they owe would double every 8 years . 
   germany 's protecting germany 's interests . 
  of course it is . 
  but there is more than one way to protect one 's own interests , and some ways are much worse than others . 
  the way germany was treated after wwi and the way it was treated after wwii were both designed to protect the interests of the allies . 
  but the wwii approach was a much better approach . 
   the emergency clause has never been used though , and could end up being very interesting in terms of fallout , particularly in the no voting countries . 
  this does seem like an emergency , though . 
  this is an important , if somewhat technical point . 
  one of reasons that the banking bailout in the us was successful was because the the us has comprehensive regulatory authority over all banks in the us . 
  and - in that case - were n't afraid to use it . 
   but i 'd also point out that the united states sends each of pennsylvania , indiana , south carolina , and north dakota [ 1 ] about $ 50b/year . 
  no , it does n't . 
  not at all . 
  the us works * very differently * from the eu . 
  the us collects taxes from all residents at the same rate , and pays out all federal benefits to residents under a uniform system . 
  if people earning more money and using fewer benefits live in state a , and people in state b earn less and rely on more benefits , then the citizens living in state a , collectively , will have paid out more than they received in benefits , collectively ... and the opposite will be true for people living in state b. 
  but these are n't equalization payments . 
  the us , at no point , actually decides to send a particular state $ 50 b - as would have to happen in the eu . 
  the state has nothing to do with it in the us ; these numbers simply reflect individuals paying federal taxes and individuals receiving federal benefits . 
  you can aggregate them into states if you want , but they really have nothing to do with states per se - if i move from delaware to in , my federal tax rate does n't change , nor do my social security benefits . 
  ( some federal spending does n't come from benefits , of course , and is spending for roads , military bases , national parks , airports , and other infrastructure projects . 
  but , again , these are done by the federal government according to its own laws ; there is no specific transfer to a certain state as there would be in the eu in the case of greece . ), 
  there is a difference between : ( 1 ) `` if you want us to lend you 50 b euros , we will need 50 b euros worth of collateral '' ; and ( 2 ) `` we have decided that you owe us 50 b in reparations , and to make sure you pay us back , we are seizing the ruhr . '', 
  oversight meaning supervision . 
  what role is that ? 
  a german in the council hall , a wolf in the garden and ... * a woman in the office * ? 
   merely keeping greece as a debt colony this type of nonsense is exactly why so many eu countries do n't trust greece . 
  first they whine about how mean the creditors were to buy greek bonds in the first place , and how it 's unfair to expect greece to pay them back , and how the creditors are at fault . 
  * but then * they go on and demand that the eu lend even more money ( $ 50 b ) to greece . 
  you ca n't have it both ways . 
  complaining about how being expected to pay back money is debt colonization * and * demanding that more money be lent . 
   let me clear the fact that we do n't get equall federal funding . 
  this is true , but pr also does n't pay us personal income taxes . 
  ( i know you pay some other taxes ) . 
  us states ca n't file for bankruptcy either . 
  but you do n't need to file for bankruptcy to default on bonds . 
  why should the us bail out pr ? 
  or , more specifically , the people who bought bonds from pr ? 
  one important difference is that puerto ricans pay us social security , medicaid , and medicare taxes , and thus their social security and most other welfare benefits wo n't be affected by the default . 
  so a default does n't mean that people 's old age pensions , or healthcare , or other similar benefits will be at risk . 
  actually i think he is bonding . 
  essentially saying that germany and the us both have similar problems . 
  and the us has dealt with pr much better than germany has dealt with greece , mostly because it was much easier to deal with pr .
