  of course not . 
  you do n't know what fascist or dictator means . 
  if you drag everyone into the mud , you all lose . 
  you wo n't win history by fighting within europe . 
  sure it does . 
  perfect means `` without flaw '' , but it is also used as an intensifier , meaning something close to `` complete '' . 
  a `` perfect stranger '' is n't a stranger who is without flaw ; he or she is a complete stranger . 
  a `` perfectly ordinary day '' is a completely ordinary day . 
  when the us founders said that they wanted to form a `` more perfect union '' , they were n't saying that it was already flawless and they want to make it even more flawless ( the reasons for adopting the constitution and throwing out the articles of confederation had to do with the existing union being far from perfect ) . 
  by `` more perfect '' union , they were saying something akin to a `` more complete '' union . 
  thank you , have a perfectly nice day . 
   how can that possibly be efficient ? 
  i 'm not a trump fan at all , but efficiency is not really the point . 
  why have elections if nothing ever changes ? 
  do you think this is n't the case in europe , though ? 
  eu copyright is the same as in the us . 
  before you start the dick-measuring contest , you should know that the esa budget is still less than 1/3 of nasa 's budget . 
  you are n't european and those are american laws you 're complaining about . 
  the us birth rate per woman is 2.06 , despite those laws . 
  or maybe it 's because of those laws . 
  regardless , selfish people who do n't want to help support a child that they produced are better off not reproducing . 
  and , no , you pay child support until the child is an adult , not for the remainder of your life . 
   they are already the largest world economy in ppp terms and will be in nominal terms within a decade . 
  using ppp makes sense when you are talking about per capita gdp because it 's a rough guide to the spending power of the population . 
  it makes no sense when talking about a country 's gdp . 
  countries are n't richer because they are poorer . 
  however , it is at least possible that they will catch up to the us in nominal terms 10 years . 
   austria today has a higher gdp than the us had in the 1950s . 
  yeah , if you do n't adjust for inflation . 
  which would be moronic . 
  adjusting for inflation , the us had a real gdp of over $ 2 trillion in 1955 . 
  austria 's current gdp is something like $ 375 billion . 
   it seems to me that a lot of people in the us forget that it served the us interests on several levels to have this huge defence spending . 
  you have your troops not stationed all over the world because the us is such an altruistic country . 
  believe it or not , everyone knows this . 
  but it still does n't mean that the us is the only country that benefits , nor that the way spending is done is particularly equitable . 
  i do n't think that the us is any more or less efficient/corrupt at spending military funds than any other western country . 
  they are all pretty bad . 
  it 's not particularly representative of europe . 
  ( nor is reddit representative of the us ; look at the recent election . ), 
  the first lady is european ? 
  although trump is likely an atheist in reality . 
  separation is shorthand ; the us is not supposed to `` establish '' a religion ( which is why there 's no prayer in schools ) or `` prohibit the free exercise '' of religion ( which is why burqa bans wo n't fly . 
  i think trump is doubling down on the religious bits because : ( 1 ) he 's personally not religious at all , and probably an atheist ; but ( 2 ) the republican base is religious . 
  yeah , but they are leaving the eu . 
   china and russia grows china maybe . 
  having the ability to is ; you do n't have to actually do it . 
   europe is still the biggest economic power ; second largest ; the us passed it in 2016 . 
  at this point , i think she 's probably an american . 
  no non-american could hate the us as much as she does . 
   do n't you guys have to teach about creationist in school ? 
  it 's unconstitutional to teach creationism in schools , has been for a long time , and attempts to reintroduce it are always shot down because it 's so clearly unconstitutional . 
  so many europeans who think they know things about the us get completely backwards . 
  do you know that there 's welfare in the us as well ? 
  you mean it 's a lie ? 
  it does show that having multiple clocks pays off . 
  sure . 
  but no one claimed that challenger was a success because it took off and flew for 18 seconds . 
  no one claimed hubble was a success because it reached orbit . 
  instead , there was , rightfully , harsh criticism of these failure ( for months and months in the news media ) , along with reports of what went wrong and how to fix ( hubble ) or avoid ( challenger ) the problem again . 
  claiming that the mars mission was primarily successful despite the crash of the lander is ridiculous . 
  schiaparelli was n't some sort of afterthought . 
  that does n't make it free . 
  your flair is italian , but when was the last time you went to the vatican ? 
  the area of rome right outside it is n't a historical district . 
  it 's filled with cheap restaurants and cafes and shops . 
  right across from the vatican ? 
  ( get it - like habemus papa ) . 
  it wo n't cause evolutionary change , but one generation of malnutrition can have significant effects . 
   and of course finally we have the decision to use nuclear weapons against japan , not germany . 
  umm , germany surrendered in may ; there was no functional atomic bomb until july ; they were used against japan in august . 
   europe does n't need us technology . 
  it does if it does n't want to remain a second-class military . 
   educationally unequal i do n't think you know much about the us . 
  44 % of americans between 25-64 have a post secondary degree . 
  less than canada ( 54 % ) , but significantly ahead of , say , germany ( 27 % ) , and just above sweden ( 39 % ) , norway ( 42 % ) , or denmark ( 36 % ) . 
  yep ; plenty of pierogi and paczki in northern indiana . 
  and casimir pulaski day is a school holiday . 
  the same way we can buy newspapers ad free if we want ? 
  this is a kind of bizarre article . 
  i 'm an american ; i 'm fluent in german . 
  i lived there for several years and studied law ; i go back to visit every couple of years . 
  i have a decent understanding of the country . 
  but that 's only one country . 
  italy ? 
  greece ? 
  spain ? 
  poland ? 
  portugal ? 
  no idea . 
  i know the names of some of the leaders of some of these countries , but that 's about it . 
  now let 's take a german ; let 's say he 's fluent in english and french and has lived in both countries . 
  okay , he might have a decent understanding of what 's going on in his own country , in the anglosphere , and maybe even in france . 
  but brazil ? 
  italy ? 
  china ? 
  poland ? 
  portugal ? 
  it 's not * that * different than the problems that people in the uk/us have . 
  speaking a language other than english does n't mean that you understand all non-english speaking countries .
