but anything related to electronics is usually a recall waiting to happen . 
  it definitely was shoddy electronics that killed vw 's reputation in the us in the ' 90 's and early 2000 's . 
  just horrible . 
  bmw and mercedes struggled , too , but their problems were n't quite as serious , and as they cars themselves had other redeeming qualities , they did much better . 
  the fact that articles like this get so much attention is because they are unusual ( although people are afraid that this might become more common ) . 
  if the behavior described were common , it would n't be news . 
   it got worse in the last two decades - from < 8 % deviation of fuel consumption figures we got to < 40 % of deviation compared to the real life values . 
  but that 's pretty minimal compared to the 2000 % deviation in this case . 
  well , sort of :  vw made the admission only when the environmental protection agency took the extraordinary action of threatening to withhold approval for the company 's 2016 volkswagen and audi diesel models , according to letters sent to company officials by the e.p.a. 
  and california regulators . 
  [ link ] ( http://www.nytimes.com/2015/09/22/business/it-took-epa-pressure-to-get-vw-to-admit-fault.html?_r=0 ), 
   it unless they discovered some technological breakthrough that vw could n't figure out ( which i doubt ) it 's a solved problem - vw just did n't want to pay the ~ $ 1,000 extra per car that it would cost to implement it . 
  this is true in the us as well . 
  german cars are generally well engineered , but the engineering is almost entirely focused on performance , not reliability . 
  well , there 's cheating by putting your finger on the scale to downplay emissions by 30 % or whatever ... and then there 's cheating where you repaint the numbers on the scale to hide the fact that you are producing 20x the amount of emissions you claim . 
   know reddit hates vegans/vegetarians , but the link between red/processed meat and bowel cancer really is uncontroversial in the medical community . 
  wrong . 
  yep . 
  you 'd think that there would be some actual metric that they could use . 
   i 'd say vw its reputation in the us is ruined for at least a few years and it will need to work hard in order to restore it . 
  the unfortunate part is that it 's only been a couple of years since vw 's reputation began to improve in the us after the horrible cars from the 90 's and early 2000 's . 
  the epa would only fine based on the cars actually sold in the us . 
  cars made in germany and sold in france are n't of any concern to the epa because they do n't have to meet us requirements . 
   i dont think much german engineers and executives were involved in that to be honest . 
  of course they were . 
  they admitted it . 
  and most of these cars were made in germany . 
  that 's the maximum possible fine , though ; there 's no reason to assume that it will be imposed . 
  you are delusional . 
  or confusing this sub with some other sub . 
   if you get outside the city and especially in smaller towns , you can see it . 
  this is one of those things that a couple of people do - because it costs $ 2000 to alter your vehicle in this way - and clueless redditors seem to believe happens everywhere . 
  they were , though . 
  someone had to come up with the idea of writing the `` defeat '' program , other people had to actually write the program , and many other people had to know about it . 
  sure , but what 's 5 centuries of ottoman oppression compared to 20 years of being ruled by france ? 
  the borders in the middle east are n't particularly arbitrary . 
  they are generally in line with ottoman provinces , as you would know if you had any actual knowledge about the middle east . 
  here 's an interesting [ link ] ( http://www.bloomberg.com/news/articles/2015-09-19/volkswagen-emissions-cheating-found-by-curious-clean-air-group ) to how this was discovered :  it did n't add up . 
  the volkswagens were spewing harmful exhaust when testers drove them on the road . 
  in the lab , they were fine . 
  discrepancies in the european tests on the diesel models of the vw passat , the vw jetta and the bmw x5 last year gave peter mock an idea . 
  mock , european managing director of a little-known clean-air group , suggested replicating the tests in the u.s. 
  the u.s. has higher emissions standards than the rest of the world and a history of enforcing them , so mock and his american counterpart , john german , were sure the u.s. versions of the vehicles would pass the emissions tests , german said . 
  that way , they reasoned , they could show europeans it was possible for diesel cars to run clean . 
   `` we had no cause for suspicion , '' german , u.s. co-lead of the international council on clean transportation , said in an interview . 
  `` we thought the vehicles would be clean . '', 
  yes , but obamacare was passed and is a huge deal . 
  as was the legalization of ssm , the opening to cuba , and the agreement and approval of the treaty with iran . 
  the comprehensive response to the `` great recession '' of 2008 was also handled pretty well ( although , obviously , many things leading up to it were not ) . 
  it 's not the most efficient system , of course , nor was it designed to be ( although of course it was probably not designed to be as inefficient as it is ) , but somehow it * is * nevertheless capable of actually accomplishing things . 
   as you see in america with holidays , sick , & maternity leave for example . 
  a lot of companies in the us offer holiday , sick , and maternity leave . 
  not typically to german levels - and especially not at the entry level - but it 's not the case that they are non-existent . 
  it would require doubling or tripling taxes ; not merely raising them . 
  not really . 
  you have to go into their papers to see what they are actually proposing . 
  i thought that all countries had some low amount not subject to taxation , really . 
  look , it 's * only * brynjolfsson and his collaborators who are making this argument . 
  redditors seem to think that there is some scientific consensus that all jobs will soon be automated . 
  there is n't . 
  * it 's only these guys * . 
  whose theory for some reason redditors accept like it is the word of god . 
   see it this way : why would you want someone to work , if he does n't ? 
  this misses the point entirely . 
  i do n't * care * whether other people work . 
  it 's not my business , really . 
  it becomes my business , however , if i have to work so that other people who would rather not work can choose not to . 
  and , no , that 's not something i want to support . 
  it 's popular among college students who ca n't do math , but is n't widely supported otherwise . 
  there were funding issues getting started - it was initially proposed as a public-private initiative in the early 2000 's , then that fell through and it took a while for everyone to get on board with it being a purely public venture . 
  there were a few funding problems early on , but once those political issues were decided , the actual deployment has been , more or less , on schedule . 
  korea was a proxy war wrt the ussr and the us . 
  it was n't wrt china and the us , as both countries directly fought each other , with 3/4 of the us casualties coming after china entered the war , and with chinese forces suffering hundreds of thousands of casualties . 
  yeah , i think everyone is curious about that . 
  they are a lot bigger than rpg-7 type warheads , but still . 
  the most common town name in germany is neustadt ; there are like 20 of them . 
  that 's not counting former neustadts , either . 
  [ fun link ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/neustadt#/media/file:neustadt_in_europa.png ), 
  the us has a state called new mexico , and i do n't see mexicans complaining about the name . 
  russia spied on our nuclear program , too !, 
  if you can get an job , it 's certainly worth doing for the experience . 
  the renminbi is still not fully convertible . 
   and the us does n't have the sorts of benefits and social safety nets that even the poorer countries in europe do . 
  this is not correct at all . 
  i know people who work with refugees from burma ; they receive housing assistance ( in regular apartments , not camps ) , educational assistance , free english lessons , and ~ $ 400 in cash grants . 
  they are also permitted to work . 
  refugees are not like regular immigrants ; they are entitled to specific refugee benefits . 
  i wish the article had more specifically described what it means by `` fraud '' . 
  are we talking about retailers systematically underreporting sales to tax authorities ? 
  or plumbers and handymen working under the table ? 
  if fox news told you the sky was blue , you would argue it was red ? 
  yeah , i saw that , too . 
  `` the biggest decline in six months ! '', 
  and `` the worst decline since january '' does n't make me think that this is anything other than random noise . 
  certainly i would n't describe it as a `` shock export collapse '' . 
  maybe `` officials surprised that exports declined more than expected . '', 
  these rules predate the automobile ; horse and pedestrian traffic had to keep to the right or the left , too . 
  france was a `` keep right '' country , and most of the countries occupied by napoleon became keep right as well . 
  those that were n't ( spain , portugal , austria-hungary ) eventually harmonized their rules with the rest of europe , particularly in the early 20th century with the rise of the automobile . 
  being an island , the uk did n't really have to deal with this issue on the border , so there was n't really a reason to switch .
