   but some people here want to read about a terror attack in germany so badly . 
  germans hate any implied criticism of their society . 
  get over yourself . 
  people were interested in the story because 21 people axed by a terrorist on a train is news . 
  that 's all . 
  it 's not evidence of some anti-german bias . 
  yes , it 's less interesting now that it turns out to be four people ( although , still ) . 
  but that 's not the original report . 
   call me a sceptic but if i was trying to evade attack from my own military in a private jet i 'd probably want the transponder turned off . 
  that kind of goes both ways , though - if most of the air force is loyal to you , you might want them to know who you are . 
  and it 's not like f-16s ca n't find planes that do n't have transponders . 
  the colonels and generals are so loyal to erdogan that they are going accept life in prison because it will help erdogan ? 
  yeah , that 's not much of an argument , though . 
  you seem to have problems understanding causality . 
  the fact that erdogan fired 2700 judges after the coup is not evidence that he planned the coup . 
  you conspiracy believers need to get over the unsophisticated idea that because erdogan has benefited from the fact that the coup failed , he therefore caused the coup . 
  you have to have very little understanding of reality to believe that he has the power to create a false flag operation with thousands of participants ... yet no one will talk about it . 
  three exclamation points and you 're still wrong !!, 
  the german prediction is only for the next quarter of 2016 , though . 
   and nobody in west gave a fuck . 
  no one went to war with the ussr to free romania . 
  but there were a significant number of trade and other ties with romania . 
  the us gave romania most-favored-nation trade status in the 70 's ... and then withdrew in the late 80 's due to human rights abuses by ceausescu . 
  this is because you do n't like the us and are willing to support any dishonest claim to further your agenda . 
  nice . 
  no intelligent person who has any understanding of how the death penalty works in the us - or who has any actual understanding of the us at all - believes that the us uses the death penalty silence its political opponents . 
  you may be surprised to learn that in the us - as is apparently not the case in turkey - the death penalty is not imposed by the president . 
  but not as a condition of the nato treaty . 
  yes . 
  nato is only required to respond to an attack on a member state . 
   the us created the cold war against the urss , but now the urss is no more . 
  sure they did . 
   i 'm sorry , but it does no such thing . 
  false flag operations do n't have thousands of conspirators , most of whom know that they will be sent to prison . 
  yes , but you would be paid in less of them . 
  the pound is n't stronger than the us dollar because it 's worth 1.3 of them . 
  the usd is n't weaker than the euro because it 's worth .9 euros . 
  the numbers are completely arbitrary . 
  what matters is the historical relationship . 
  when the euro was worth $ 1.40 , it was strong . 
  now that it 's worth $ 1.10 , it 's weak . 
  when there were 140 japanese yen to $ 1 , the yen was somewhat weak . 
  now that there are 105 yen to the dollar , the yen is somewhat strong . 
  no , that 's its original name . 
   / r/europe has such a hard on for the uk that 's not it . 
  / r/europe is a big supporter of the eu . 
  ( remember the thrice-weekly `` would you support a use ? '', 
  threads ) . 
  brexit is a challenge to the eu , especially a federal eu , and that 's why it 's getting all the attention . 
  i do n't think you understand statistics . 
   i find it despicable that erdogan called for people to flood the streets why ? 
  what * better * way is there to demonstrate that you have the support of the population ? 
  reichstag was one guy . 
  this conspiracy would have to involve thousands of people . 
  oooh , so edgy !, 
  why would members of the military agree to be killed ? 
  which members of the military agreed to fire on civilians ? 
  how did erdogan make sure that the 1000 's of people involved in the coup kept quiet ? 
   it just smells a false flag . 
  no , that 's just wishful thinking . 
  this is not some lone provocateur starting a fire in a government building ; this involved thousands of people , lots of moving parts , and a lot of deaths on both sides . 
  either erdogan is a political genius of a type the world has never seen before ... or else some people in the military are not very smart . 
  obama does n't have the power to unilaterally extradite a green card holder . 
  this is / r/conspiracy level stupidity . 
  no one can organize a coup with thousands of participants and not have word get out . 
  people need to live in the real world . 
  i 'm not sure that `` pretext '' is even the right word . 
  the coup actually did happen . 
  maybe `` excuse '' ? 
  `` reason ? '', 
  `` justification ? '', 
   if we exclude the military side , boeing and airbus are n't really that far off , for civilian aircraft . 
  i ca n't say anything for space ... 
  this is true wrt airbus , although it 's worth pointing out that of the three suppliers for airbus engines , two are american and the other is british . 
   on the other hand you guys seem to be destroying your lower education at a much higher rate than europe is . 
  us lower education has never really been better than average ( for whatever reason ) ; the focus has always been on higher education . 
   it 's gon na be very interesting to see how the usa will behave in this case , though my money is on them giving him back eventually . 
  i doubt it . 
  there 's a complicated judicial process for extradition ; a politician ca n't just decide to send someone home . 
  that 's in ireland . 
  leprechauns put it there . 
   that is something that we are already seeing . 
  where ? 
  is n't there an easier way for the ecb to do this ? 
  in my state , every filed bill is public and available on the internet , along with as summary of its contents and the name of the committee to which it 's been assigned . 
  all groups - from industry groups to non-profits to other governmental units - read the bills ( or have lobbyists who do it for them ) and have plenty of time ( a few weeks , anyway ) to contact the chair of the committee where the bill is scheduled and make recommendations . 
  and if the bill is scheduled for a hearing ( and most bills are n't ) , they have the opportunity to testify . 
  so it seems odd to put the burden on someone in the dail to track legislation for the ecb . 
  and you should drop those people off in ystradgynlais or llanfairpwllgwyngyll . 
   he 's elected , so we support him for being elected . 
  that 's not circular . 
   i just ca n't sympathize with them and think of them as victims . 
  jesus christ , you are a horrible person . 
  soldiers kill unarmed civilians and you support them because you did n't like who they voted for . 
  this is not a game . 
  the dead civilians wo n't respawn . 
  you disgust me . 
  / r/conspiracy, 
  in this sub , it 's mostly europeans . 
  even in the us - i tried ddg for a month or so , but it was too slow .
