  a speeding ticket where i live costs about $ 200 . 
  a person with a $ 100,000 annual salary - which is a decent salary , but not a rich person 's salary by any means , would be able to pay the fine with 4 hours of work . 
  a person at the lowest 10 % salary level ( ~ $ 20,000 / year ) would have to work 2\u00a01/2 days to earn the same amount . 
  so , yeah , you 'd need to take steps to reduce moral hazard - but it would be worth it to reduce this level of unfairness . 
  yeah , it 's a pretty bizarre claim . 
  the us had prohibited its carriers from flying over the disputed region months before mh-17 was shot down - not due to any `` actionable intelligence , '' but just because it makes sense to involve any zone where military conflict is going on . 
  possibly , although there is a lot less variation between states than there is between european countries . 
  compared to western europe , both california and colorado have very high murder rates , for example . 
   saying something that is n't positive of america is n't an anti american circlejerk . 
  how about owning your comments instead of dishonestly trying to hide them . 
  you are the person who explicitly brought up the irrelevant anti-american bits which are n't at all germane to the topic . 
  as an american who lived in germany , things like not being able to go shopping at all on sunday was a greater problem . 
   the concept of a land war in europe prior to 1914 was unthinkable no it was n't . 
  it was n't at all . 
  people thought about it all the time . 
  it 's not like the franco-prussian war was ancient history . 
  they are very lazy criminals . 
  they are much less productive than american criminals , who are out there every day , working hard , committing crimes . 
   what the french did n't expect though was for the germans to send their mechanized divisions through ardennes which was considered impenetrable at the time due to dense forests and small impracticable roads . 
  and that 's where the outwitting came in . 
  the french and british expected a repeat of the schlieffen plan ( except also including holland ) , so when the germans moved through the low countries , the bef and french troops moved up to meet them . 
  what they did n't expect was for large numbers of german troops to come through the ardennes and move north , flanking the bef and french troops who had moved to confront the germans coming through the low countries . 
  ( it was , of course , not just the french who were outwitted ; the british were , too ) . 
   the french fought hard for close to 30 days and yet they are stereotyped in negative way for ww2 . 
  in wwi , france fought germany to a standstill for 4\u00a01/2 years . 
  in wwii , they surrendered after 30 days despite having a modern army with more tanks and men than the german army . 
  the reasons for the defeat are now well understood , of course , and do n't have to do with the french being `` soft , '' but that 's kind of the reputation that has stuck . 
  ( not that the british covered themselves in martial glory during this period either , however ) . 
  i think it 's an ocr error . 
  the fasces were a symbol of the roman republic . 
  that 's why a lot of republics used them as symbols . 
  the fact that some third rate fascist in italy also used them is no reason for other countries to stop using them ; it 's not like they got their identity from mussolini . 
  the nazis also used the eagle as a national symbol , but that 's not a reason for other countries to stop using eagles . 
  i do n't understand your fascination with billionaires as a way of understanding society any more than i understand how you can keep not understanding that you statistics do n't prove what you think they do . 
  cyprus , israel , and belize also have more billionaires than the us per capita . 
  and billionaires do n't `` flock '' to places like ny , sf , or seattle : they became billionaires because they worked there . 
  seattle mostly due to ms and other computer companies ; sf because of silicon valley , and ny because it is where the headquarters of a lot of businesses are located . 
  it 's not like they made their billions in small town mississippi and then moved to seattle for the progressive climate and rain . 
   you do n't see billionaires flocking to live and retire in the hardcore ` murica of houston , atl , or ohio unless they grew up there . 
  texas has 51-59 billionaires ; it 's the state with the third or fourth most billionaires ( counts vary ) . 
  houston alone has 13 billionaires . 
  sweden has 23 billionaires . 
  all but two are over 60 . 
  and they are all swedish - these are n't people who made their money elsewhere and then retired to sweden because it 's so awesome . 
  these are people who made their billions in sweden because it 's so awesome , or inherited their billions in sweden because it 's so awesome . 
  tl ; dr : locations with a lot of billionaires are n't places where socially conscious billionaires move because they enjoy the political climate ; with the exception of tax havens like monaco , they are places where people made their billions . 
  the state with the most per capita billionaires is wyoming , followed by oklahoma . 
  americans pay taxes on anything bought online that is sold by a company with a physical presence in that state . 
  which is a lot of stuff . 
  there are also 11,000 different taxing jurisdictions ( within my city there are two different tax rates ) . 
  online retailers just use programs that track these rates and are updated monthly - they come in different formats and can be used by most online cc software . 
  it might be more complicated in eu where you need to advertise the price including the vat . 
  but it 's really a solved problem . 
   i commented on that issue a few days ago on / r/australia [ 1 ] , and it is complete bs to call this a success 3,500 refugees drowned in the mediterranean last year . 
  compared to that , yeah , australia 's policy is a success . 
  solving poverty in africa , if possible , is a very long term solution . 
  meanwhile , short term , 3,500 people are drowning in the med every year . 
   what effect do you think the military intervention in libya [ 1 ] had ? 
  so is it your belief that any country that helps another country get rid of a dictator is obliged to provide refuge for every citizen of that country if they are unhappy with the results of the revolution ? 
  that the best moral choice is to actually support strong dictatorships that will keep people from trying to leave ? 
  even when the government violates the law ? 
  do you also believe that individuals should have no right to sue the government ? 
   yes we did have bad relations with russia for a time , specifically after the bolshevik revolution exploded and russia turned into a communist state but our good relations resumed as soon as the ussr collapsed i would describe 75 years of bad relations more than just bad relations `` for a time '' . 
   90 % of the people here would take a completely different tone for the same exact topic when we 're talking about goldman sachs and their destruction of the american housing market by lending to families who they knew could not pay , then foreclosing on them and profiting from derivatives in the process . 
  it 's not the same at all . 
  you ca n't compare consumer debt with sovereign debt . 
  in this case , * greece * offered the bonds . 
  * greece * was responsible for knowing whether they could pay them back . 
  greece is not an unsophisticated consumer just out of high school borrowing from a subprime lender to buy a house because his girlfriend just got pregnant . 
  greece is the party selling the bonds and is in the best position to know whether or not it can pay them back . 
  here is what the fbi director actually said :  i want them to see that , although this slaughter was led by sick and evil people , those sick and evil leaders were joined by , and followed by , people who loved their families , took soup to a sick neighbor , went to church and gave to charity . 
   good people helped murder millions . 
  and that 's the most frightening lesson of all -- that our very humanity made us capable of , even susceptible to , surrendering our individual moral authority to the group , where it can be hijacked by evil . 
  of being so cowed by those in power . 
  of convincing ourselves of nearly anything . 
   in their minds , the murderers and accomplices of germany , and poland , and hungary , and so many , many other places did n't do something evil . 
  they convinced themselves it was the right thing to do , the thing they had to do . 
  that 's what people do . 
  and that should truly frighten us . 
  and he is right . 
  completely right . 
  the polish ambassador is wrong ; he ( and many other people ) should be in agreement with this ; not trying to spin it . 
  the us has consistently been against the austerity plan imposed by the troika , to use the most significant example . 
  that 's not exactly right . 
  it 's been a while since i read it , but the murders in the books are investigated , cursorily , and they are pinned on local criminals and nonconformists . 
  what is hard for the officials to accept is that there is a serial killer loose , rather than a series of `` normal '' killers loose . 
  some of this comes from a generalized feeling that crime is the result of isolated nonconforming anti-revolutionary elements . 
  and some of this comes from the fact that the bureaucracy has already `` solved '' particular crimes and does n't want to admit that were wrong and reopen these cases . 
  to some extent this is true in germany , too . 
  but i do n't think that people who take garlic pills or homeopathic remedies think that they are being unscientific . 
  they think that these remedies work and that they are suppressed by medical science because it 's really a cabal run by big pharma . 
  yeah , i thought conflating feelings and faith was odd . 
  one more country i can travel to without the hassle of changing money twice . 
  carbon dioxide equivalents declined by 10 % in the us from 2005-2012 ( the most recent date i could find ) . 
   english already has `` it '' , or `` they '' . 
  `` they '' works and is commonly used in a gender neutral manner . 
  `` it '' does n't really work because it only refers to inanimate objects and is thus insulting when used to refer to a person . 
  that 's not an unreasonable point ... but requiring everyone to use a new pronoun is more like genetic engineering than it is language evolution . 
  which , again , is fine - but do n't justify it on the basis of language evolution when that 's not what it is . 
  `` can i bring a friend to the party ? '',
