  `` sure , but make sure they bring a bottle of wine to drink . '', 
  it 's very common in spoken speech in the us , although less common in written form . 
  south america, 
   i agree though , the applicability in governing a state is minimal , but the things you learn in a stem-field education are more likely to be applicable than most very theory-heavy humanitarian-fields . 
  the dunning-krueger effect suggests that we should disqualify people with stem degrees from voting at all . 
  because this is idiotic . 
  feel free to explain how a degree in botany or cs makes one better able to determine whether we should fund more police officers , more schools , or more healthcare than someone who studied philosophy or sociology or english ? 
  let me guess : you studied in a stem field and are convinced that your friends who studied in stem areas are smarter than people who studied other things ? 
  which you do n't actually understand , but which you believe to be `` theory heavy '' . 
  because of how they would vote in the elections ? 
  it 's kind of telling that the negative examples you are citing relate solely to policy choices . 
  you are flirting with disenfranchising voters who have different beliefs and priorities than you do . 
  you seem to think that having certain political beliefs - like being opposed to the nhs or immigration - disqualifies one from participation in the electoral system . 
  which is kind of scary . 
  and to use your dp argument - now that the vast majority of people in the uk are opposed to the dp , do you think parliament should bring it back ? 
  why not ? 
  no , it is n't . 
  you are assuming that people who can pass a political test of some sort will lead to better electoral results . 
  but there 's no evidence * at all * that this is the case . 
   besides , what allways troubled me , is the idea that a high degree in a field ( other than maybe the stem-fields ) gives people a higher insite in the reality of things . 
  i think it 's amazing that you potentially exclude stem fields from this . 
  having a degree in biology , computer science , or engineering is in no way going to help you govern ( outside of working in those particular fields ) than having a degree in literature , philosophy , or sociology . 
  this is a horrible idea , for several reasons . 
  one reason that i have n't seen mentioned here is that there is no evidence that better informed voters produced better outcomes . 
  zero . 
  since you should at least have some empirical basis for disenfranchising a certain number of voters , the absence of such evidence is a pretty severe problem for this proposal . 
  and , relatedly , there is n't really any reason to assume that people who are better informed are really going to produce better results . 
  there are extremely well-informed idiots of every stripe who can recite from memory all 30 article of the udhr and yet who believe in the most fantastic conspiracy theories . 
  and of course there are and have always been a lot of very well educated people who believe - or who have believed - in other things that turned out to be complete nonsense . 
  and , again , if you have been unemployed for 2 years , many of your friends have been unemployed for 2 years and your country 's unemployment rate is 25 % , you will have very good reasons to vote against the incumbent party * even if * you do n't know how many representatives are in your country 's parliament , and even if the platform of the party you are voting against calls for reducing unemployment . 
  there is a theory that democracies are more efficient ( i.e. 
  produce better results ) than non-democracies when looked at over a longer time frame not because democracies are better at producing leaders who are better ( it 's not clear that this is true ) , but because democracies are better at getting rid of rulers who are bad . 
  ( i.e. , 50 years of average rulers is better than 25 years of a good king followed by 25 years of a bad king ) . 
  in this sense , a democracy is a referendum on the performance of the current ruling party , and , again , it 's not clear that a particular level of education is necessary to meaningfully understand the performance of the incumbent party or necessary to decide whether they should continue in office . 
  you mean the shell casings scattered about ? 
  the bundeswehr was bothered by that , too , and have since equipped all new ifvs with a device they can use to tidy up the firing platform . 
  i really do n't get why so many people do n't seem to understand the role that embassies play . 
  the purpose of an ambassador is to represent his/her country to the host country . 
  the us ambassador was n't * dictating * what the president should do , but he was expressing the opinion of the us government that it would be better if zeman did n't go . 
  that 's what ambassadors are * supposed to * do . 
  it 's why they * exist * . 
  nyc, 
  the subreddit where grammar nazis meet their russian winter . 
  i 'm a native english speaker who speaks a couple of other languages , so i think this is a fine idea . 
  but what 's annoying about learning an l2 as an english speaker is choosing which one . 
  if you learn english , you * know * it will be useful in all kinds of contexts . 
  if you choose another language , you have to go out of your way to make it useful . 
  french is useful in france , but not in germany or spain or italy . 
  german is useful in germany , but not in france or spain or italy . 
  in ny , murder has declined from 2245 ( 1990 ) to 983 ( 1997 ) to 328 ( 2014 ) ( the lowest number since 1928 , when records were first kept ) . 
  there are a lot of theories for the decline , but `` kindness '' is not one of them ... 
  no , actually , it changes everything . 
  because having a lot of rich people definitely lowers the standard of living . 
  or something ... 
  bae is 11th , with $ 4 billion is contracts . 
  lockheed martin is # 1 , with $ 44 billion . 
  you can find the list here : [ top 100 defense contractors ] ( https://www.fpds.gov/fpdsng_cms/index.php/en/reports ) . 
  the most recent list is for 2013 . 
   a presidential system is decisively : the government can do things much faster instead of relying on coalitions and making compromises which sometimes led to lax measures . 
  this is not necessarily the case at all . 
  in a parliamentary system , the party that wins the election appoints the pm and , theoretically , has an electoral mandate to carry out whatever goals it set for itself . 
  in a presidential system , the party with the legislative majority may be different from the president 's party - which means that even with an overwhelming electoral victory the president may not be able to carry out whatever his goals are because another party controls one or both legislative bodies . 
  this is by design , of course , and whether it 's a good idea or not , most voters seem to prefer this type of divided government . 
  in practice , german parliamentary elections often lead to the same result , as there is usually a coalition government , which is another form of divided government reducing the power of the pm to do everything her voters might prefer . 
   in the recent past usa people had ways to cancel debts that are being legislated out , in order to protect the interest of the finance sector . 
  no , this is not true at all . 
  the us changed its bankruptcy laws a few years ago to handle defaulted * consumer debt * differently . 
  but that has no relationship to the corporate debts of a startup . 
  there are important cultural differences between the us and at least some european countries ( germany , ime ) wrt business failure . 
  in the us , if your startup fails , or if you have a series of startups that fail , you will still be regarded as a better risk than someone who never had a startup in the first place . 
  * most * startups fail , and it 's just not a big deal to investors if you had startups that failed . 
  there 's even a sort of `` embrace failure '' culture . 
  a lot of startups are basically throwing things against the wall to see if they stick , and so there 's an advantage in throwing lots and lots of things . 
  in my experience in germany , the business culture is more conservative and much less tolerant of failure . 
  having had a business that fails is a mark against you in a way that it completely is not in the us . 
  and i think it 's hard to develop a really thriving startup market without the willingness to embrace ( not just tolerate ) failure as a genuine part of the equation . 
  this is kind of ridiculous if you break it down . 
  the eu commission pays some large european companies to develop a specific piece of software ( `` fiware '' ) . 
  the eu then give grants to start-ups ( up to eur 150,000 ) on the condition that they use the fiware software in their product . 
  i mean , seriously ? 
  all i really see is a cycling path . 
  how can i tell it 's a polder without some windmills ? 
  and there should be some tulips . 
  and wooden shoes . 
  do n't you even dutch ? 
  that 's idiotic . 
  i do n't think that it was bad for german policy makers to have either believed this or tried this ; and because merkel ( and , obviously 25 % of the german population ) grew up in east germany , it was reasonable to assume that they might be in a better position to bring russia to the west . 
  and it may have been possible if there had been a more pragmatic russian leader in power . 
  ( it 's possible to argue that the realities of russian politics make it difficult to get that sort of pragmatist in power , but that 's a separate argument , and , in any case , not a foregone conclusion ) . 
  turkey demands its return !, 
  they all seemed to be masters students . 
  plot twist : it 's a russian asteroid . 
   he is stronger and smarter than merkel , i do n't think he 's smarter at all . 
  taking steps that lead to your country being surrounded by enemies ( or at least people who do n't trust you and do n't like you ) is stupid , not smart . 
  you are creating a system in which only the rich will be in politics . 
  then the only people who become politicians are people who are already rich . 
  because they do n't need the money . 
  in the 19th century , british members of parliament were n't paid at all . 
  what kind of representatives do you think that attracts ? 
  or else the only politicians end up being people who are already rich .
