   let 's not pretend they do n't . 
  but let 's pretend that they exist ? 
  it 's almost not necessary . 
  just follow his twitter feed . 
   the idea behind lon can be traced all the way back to kant . 
  the idea can be traced to charlemagne , if you think that the first person who came up with the `` idea '' for something is at all important . 
  wilson was instrumental in setting up the league of nations . 
  meaning that but for wilson , there would have been no lon . 
  the fact that wilson could n't get the us to join the lon may have been instrumental in ensuring its failure as well . 
  i think this might be correct , at least for the 20th century , especially if you include its ambitions for establishing worldwide revolution . 
  it was a * bad * idea , and it failed - but it was definitely ambitious . 
   we are n't spending trillions of dollars/euros in a campaign to reduce heart disease deaths yes , we are . 
  are you over 30 ? 
  have you * ever * gone to a doctor ? 
  we already spend far more on preventing heart disease than we do on preventing terrorism . 
  it 's not at all clear that throwing additional billions at the problem would cure it . 
  and we have made significant progress in addressing heart disease since the 1950 's . 
  like many men my age , i take blood pressure medication and visit a doctor every year for a checkup , which includes a lot of standard screens for heart health . 
  i 've never visited a terrorism specialist and had my personal situation reviewed to address my safety from terrorism . 
  and of course we ca n't cure death . 
  people are going to die of something . 
   the eu and the new peace order you lose credibility if you claim that everything good that happened in the europe since the establishment of the eu was the result of the eu . 
  the greatest decline in terrorist attacks from the 70 's through the 90 's was due to the good friday accords . 
  which had * nothing * to do with the eu . 
   more/better education and stuff would generally lead to a lower rate in terrorism anyway . 
  perhaps . 
  but that would need to happen in the middle east . 
   unless the people in charge are stupidly antagonising other cultures . 
  that 's not really the cause of terrorist attacks , which have tended to be about wanting to establish a fundamentalist islamic state . 
  or about punishing newspapers for printing blasphemy . 
   sounds like there is some security provided by the eu . 
   that probably has much more to do with establishing germany and italy as modern democratic states after wwii than with the eu . 
  although the threat from the ussr and integration into nato are also extremely important . 
  seriously , think about it . 
  it 's 1960 . 
  there are 600,000 soviet troops on the west german border , along with various other warsaw pact armies . 
  300,000 us soldiers are stationed in germany , along with 100,000 british soldiers and tens of thousands of french soldiers . 
  the hungarian uprising was put down by troops from the ussr just four years ago , and there are a substantial tensions over berlin ( the wall will be built next year ) . 
  and it 's germany 's membership in the 6 person common market that is responsible for there not being another war between germany and france ? 
  that 's not really a super accomplishment , though . 
  i like it ... but it 's not really that different for most people . 
  border checks in western europe in the 70 's and 80 's and 90 's were * extremely * perfunctory . 
  trains did n't stop - customs agents got on the train and checked passports while the train was traveling to the next station , in the same manner that conductors check for tickets . 
  at highway crossings , you stopped for * maybe * 15 seconds , everyone held up their passports to the car windows , and then the car was waved through . 
  however , not having these checkpoints probably saved some money . 
  the problem is that it 's impossible to know whether young people who support the eu today will feel the same in 25 years , when their life will be completely different . 
  the world has ever seen ? 
  what kind of metric do you use for that ? 
  i think alexander the great grew his empire faster , as did various mongolian khans . 
  mohammed 's empire grew pretty quickly as well . 
  and if you compared the eu to the un , i think the un would come out on top based on the metrics in the op . 
  occasionally limericks are recited . 
  no , it is n't . 
  just because you do n't like the u.k. does n't give you license to make up alternative facts . 
  anti-vaxxers are a much bigger problem in europe than in the us . 
  the only difference is that you hear about it in the us and it 's swept under the rug in europe . 
  when there was a large measles outbreak in california , it received national - and international - attention . 
  a much larger measles outbreak in germany - 2.5 times as large in absolute terms ; 10x larger by population - was basically ignored . 
  no , they do n't . 
  there is no eu-us visa reciprocity agreement . 
  there is just the eu requirement that all members be treated the same for visa purposes . 
   are we supposed to instead spend time at r/the _ donald or r/ukpoliticis starting arguments ? 
  this is the kind of dishonest strawmanning op was complaining about . 
   we have entirely immigrant communities that never assimilate . 
  no , we do n't . 
  we have immigrant communities that have n't assimilated yet . 
  but their kids already speak perfect english . 
  current hispanic immigrants are assimilating much faster than other immigrants did historically . 
  the father of a friend of mine from college ( who must be in his 80 's now ) grew up speaking german at home and attended a german speaking elementary school for the first few grades . 
  in texas in the 1930 's . 
  his ancestors immigrated in the 1840 's . 
  no , it 's high-ish de facto , too . 
  just not as high as it is on paper . 
  large , profitable corporations tend to end up paying around 17 % . 
   your daughter will have to pay bucketloads of money do n't post about things you have no idea about . 
  you have to file your taxes , but you get a credit for the taxes you paid in the other country . 
  so unless you are living in a country with lower taxes than the us - which is no country in europe - you wo n't owe any us taxes . 
  ( if you did live in a country with lower taxes , you would basically pay the difference between what you paid in that country and what you would have paid in the us ) . 
  that 's outside the pale . 
  i 'll show myself out ... 
   and it pays almost no taxes , artifically transfering the money through several offshore islands you know an article is dishonest when it compares * revenue * with * taxes paid . 
  * you do understand that taxes are paid on profit , not on revenue ? 
  it does n't . 
   money laundering money laundering is when you take illegally earned money and make it look like it was earned legally ( so you can deposit it banks , etc. ) . 
  it 's `` laundering '' because you are washing away the unclean origins of the money . 
  typically , you use a business - like a restaurant - that is n't really operational , and then claim that the thousands of dollars you make each day from illegal drug sales actually came from the restaurant . 
  this makes perfect sense . 
  it 's also the law in the us . 
  because donations are so small and generally unimportant in nl , maybe it never occurred to anyone that this would be an issue . 
  i do n't think it 's accurate to say that those buildings project power . 
  i think they project stability . 
  which is probably more important . 
  it 's doable ; the extent to which it 's worthwhile depends on a lot of factors . 
  first of all , while tuition is free - or practically free - your living expenses are n't . 
  so you 'll need to come up with , say , $ 12,000 / year to live on . 
  you are probably not eligible for financial aid , and you probably wo n't be able to work legally , either . 
  ( although this might vary ) . 
  but if your parents were going to pay this anyway , or you can afford that , you should have no problem with money . 
  unless you study in the uk/ireland , you 'll need to speak another language . 
  which is great if you already speak one well enough to study , but somewhat problematic otherwise - it would take at least two years living in the country and studying the language to be able to speak it well enough to take college classes .
