  overall , neither of these results are good for the uk or the eu . 
  some trade deals can hurt both sides , though . 
  you can only believe this if you have n't been paying attention . 
  along with the charlie hebdo attack was a an attack on a jewish grocery store in paris . 
  shortly thereafter a synagogue was attacked , and people wearing jewish clothing in paris have also been attacked and harassed . 
  found the dumbass who does n't know what anti-semitic means . 
  and it 's always the people who hate jews who bring up this specious claim anyway , in an attempt to distract from the actual anti-semitism in question . 
   they want to be killed , because they believe it will help their narrative of west vs islamic worlds . 
  no , they do n't . 
  you are * lying * . 
  you are * making this up . 
  * you are * ignoring * what the terrorists actually say - consistently , constantly , in all languages . 
  you 've actually decided what your preferred approach is , and are trying to support it by making up shit . 
  the terrorists are n't trying to provoke violence . 
  they are trying to kill infidels . 
  that 's all . 
  there is n't an ulterior motive ... they are n't trying to kill westerners as part of a machievellian plan to provoke the west to do something that will help them . 
  they just want to kill them , nothing more . 
  ( and they 've killed * far more * muslims ( in syria and iraq ) than westerners , which is reason # 349 why your theory is just made up bullshit . 
  americans are not ashamed of having used the atomic bomb on japan in wwii . 
  and while there is a theory that the entry of the ussr into the war was what prompted the surrender , most historians - japanese and americans - disagree ( even though everyone believes that it had some effect of course ) . 
  there 's pretty much only one historian making the argument you support . 
  it 's an interesting theory , but you have to be pretty unsophisticated to throw out the work of all other historians based on one historian 's recent work . 
  but why is europe the relevant metric ? 
  the vast majority of those deaths were in n.i. 
  and the uk ; they were n't spread across france , germany , belgium , spain , etc. 
  thus the high approval rating of the afi . 
  using george friedman as a source for history is a crackpot move . 
  there are lots of more relevant facts . 
  like in may , 1940 , when the netherlands surrendered to germany , the us went from having the 17th largest army in the world to the 16th largest army in the world . 
  and there 's the simple fact that many people in the us did n't initially see the point of getting involved in another european war . 
   can make a strong argument that america is indeed a empire . 
  looking purely at the definition no , you ca n't . 
  you can make a semantic argument based on a dictionary definition which you do n't seem to understand . 
  definition # 1 is the relevant definition of empire and does n't apply to the us . 
  it describes the ottoman empire , the austro-hungarian empire , the british empire , the roman empire , the holy roman empire ... and pretty much any other empire i can think of . 
  all of these empires are multi-ethnic . 
  there are many different countries or nationalities ruled by one country . 
  definition # 2 is not talking about national empires . 
  it is the definition of the figurative sense of the word . 
  microsoft has a software empire . 
  coca-cola has a soft drink empire . 
  h&m has a low-cost clothing empire . 
  abe froman is the sausage king of chicago . 
  * that * definition does n't apply to countries . 
  or else countries from japan to the us to germany to the uk are * all * empires . 
  most cia backed coups have been successful . 
  but even if this were a us backed coup that failed , it would n't have failed as miserably as it did , or in the way it did . 
  us media is far from perfect , but it 's much more likely to be critical of the us government than german media is of the german government . 
  as has been pretty obvious throughout the migrant crisis . 
  your state controlled media ( not the right word ; i 'm not sure what \u00f6ffentlich-rechtlich is in english ) does not . 
  `` l\u00fcgenpresse '' and `` gleichgeschaltet '' are too strong ( and have inappropriate nazi connotations ) , but german media consistently presented only one view of migrants and suppressed opposing ( and more realistic ) viewpoints . 
  not reporting on the cologne incident for several days was inexcusable ... although things have improved since then . 
  while the german media is slowly acknowledging this [ giovanni de lorenzo ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=08l--o01wds ) , many people are still in denial . 
  it took me a bit to realize that you were talking about / u/apfsds-t and not , somehow , about armor-piercing fin stabilized discarding sabot - tungsten anti-tank rounds . 
  which did kind of fit the discussion . 
  yes ... although all of this was legal and well understood by the eu . 
  gs helped greece arrange its finances so that it met the technical eu admission requirements . 
  but everyone involved knew exactly what was going on , and greece was n't the first country to have done this . 
   but the american approach is to give more money to the culprits and not do anything to prevent future crises . 
  why do you think the us did nothing to prevent future crises ? 
  dodd-frank was designed to prevent future crises . 
  and of course the us lent money to banks , which was repaid with interest . 
  ttip is the name of the trade agreement ; the terms of the trade agreement are still being negotiated . 
  it 's hard to know what turkey might do ... but it 's worth keeping in mind that russia is one of turkey 's traditional enemies , and they may not be eager to actually abandon nato for the tender embrace of russia . 
  notwithstanding the current spat with the west . 
  exactly ; everyone will ask what you do , but no one will ask what you make ; it 's considered very rude . 
  the universities and the jobs are in paris . 
  for a better example , compare the number of people who went to school in nyc who remain in nyc . 
   henry ford said he paid his workers thrice as well as concurrents because it allowed his workers to buy his cars , boosting his own business . 
  that 's not what he said , or meant ... which is good , because that kind of ponzi scheme would never work . 
  people do n't understand the context of ford 's statement because too much time has passed since then . 
  at the time ford increased wages , working in a car plant was not a particularly good job ... it was a working class job , no better than working construction or digging ditches or working in a shop . 
  you could live off of the salary , but it was n't a middle class job . 
  when ford increased wages ( which he did to reduce turnover ) , working in a car factory became a middle class job ... as it has been for the past 100 years . 
  the line about his workers being able to afford his cars was n't an economic strategy to sell cars to his workers . 
  it was a statement that his workers were now members of the middle class who could afford automobiles ( which the working class could not ) . 
  in the first year after he increased wages , he had 20,000 workers and sold 500,000 cars . 
  even if all of his workers bought a car that year , that would only be 4 % of sales . 
  and , obviously , none of them would be buying cars for the next 5-10 years . 
  there 's currency risk with any non-euro denominated bonds . 
  us bonds are very safe , but the euro/dollar exchange rate has varied between 1:1.04 and 1:1.15 over the past year , which is much riskier than a guaranteed loss of 1/20th of a percent . 
  i.e. , if you invest $ 1 million in german bonds , the maximum amount you will lose in a year is $ 500 . 
  if you invested the same amount in the us treasuries , your max loss due to currency would be $ 106,000 . 
  although you might gain $ 15,000 of that back , as us 10 year bonds are paying 1.5 % . 
  you could . 
  but if you are a corporation with hundreds of millions or billions of euros in an account , banks will charge you a fee to keep the money for you , and that fee is more than the loss on bonds . 
  aside from the inherent risk of argentine bonds specifically , there 's currency risk with any non-euro currency . 
  oh , look , another shitpost by / u/romek _ himself !, 
  unemployment in the us pays $ 400 + / week ( it varies slightly by state ) and there 's no requirement that you work for a private corporation to get it . 
  but this topic really has nothing to do with the us . 
  you 're just using / r/europe as a forum for your own pathological anti-american rants . 
  if you want to talk about private prisons , why not start your own topic ? 
  yeah , that was tried in large parts of eastern europe , with dismal results . 
  it was tried in china 50 years ago . 
  with even more dismal results . 
  like it or not , the current system in china has catapulted hundreds of millions of people ( the consensus figure is $ 300 million ) from poverty ( living on $ 1-2 dollars/day ) to the `` global middle class '' ( living on ~ $ 10 - $ 15/day ) . 
  there has n't been a jump in income that large since the industrial revolution in the west . 
  i will never understand why people are n't ashamed to make such uninformed posts . 
  foxconn * pays more * than staying in the countryside .
