that mantle is hundreds of years old and traditionally worn at that particular ceremony . 
  i can not blame them for not dragging it around . 
  ditch walonia , join dutch master race . 
  i hope you are well rested now  . 
  this is / r/europe is n't it ? 
  so you are saying i must wear a helmet while walking or standing upwards ? 
  15kmph vs 120kmph, 
  seperate bicycle lanes homeboy . 
  please , we are born cyclist . 
  we do not fall down . 
  one of the largest supermarket chains here in the netherlands . 
  part of the ahold group . 
  and we bike during every storm . 
  leg day you say ? 
  no just on my way to the appie . 
  funny thing , after i came home from my holiday in italy and germany , i tried to pay a small amount and used some of my $ .01 and $ .02 coins in the netherlands . 
  they do not accept them as payment anymore . 
  not everywhere at least . 
  it is called speculaas . . damnit . 
  and you should try it on bread with some butter . 
  it is truly wonderful . 
  hey short guy how are you . 
  in the netherlands bikes have outsold cars since forever . 
  please , keep your voice down . 
  or the nsa will get you and take you to guantanamo bay for some nice captivity without a trial . 
  you are as free as a hamster running in a plastic bowl . 
  and for the record , i love friesland . 
  it was definitely not meant in a condensending way . 
  i love sailing in the summer with the `` platbodem '' on the many lakes . 
  oh hey , frisiandude , coming from friesland . 
  it is true is n't it ? 
  you even have your own language . 
  and , i wot m8, 
  what can i say , we do n't skip leg day . 
  belgium has a really good team . 
  he came from baarn in the lovely province of utrecht , next to eemnes where i grew up . 
  that is in every language , since nether-lands ( neder-land ) means low country . 
  greetings from a country mostly below see level . 
  we have weed though . 
  so , no more slivovitz ? 
  it is believed that economic distress is a large factor in the high suicide rates . 
  also there tends to be high suicide rates in countries that used to be ruled by communists . 
  very friendly , open people . 
  high suicide rate . 
  unique salamander like creatures in caves with human like skin . 
  cappuccino 's for $ 0,80 in a little cafe in radovljica ( very nice ) grandma 's can cook y' all, 
  by reading stuff on the internet when i was younger . 
  we learn english through 2 years of junior high , and when we go to secondary school there are english classes through the entire duration ( 4 to 6 years ) . 
  you then have the choice to go off to college which can be in english or dutch . 
  furthermore 90 % of the series on tv are in english , internet still has the biggest impact in learning and destroying my english . 
  progeriahoer hahahaha it is so much fun to swear in dutch . 
  dont do it in public all too often because of the load indeed . 
  ( get leukemia ), 
  or money . 
  i am heading to m\u00fcnich , coming from the netherlands . 
  i already lived in bruxxeles so beer-wise i am already quite matured . 
  will be moving to germany this friday , and this is one of the things i am most looking forward to . 
  i have traveled through eastern europe by train with the least luxury and most low budget that my standards could bare . 
  i know that many main capitals dont have proper sewer systems or even hardened roads . 
  the standard of living that i am acquainted to is almost ridiculous . 
  but i do not agree of stealing , and i do think that those countries could develop to reasonable living standards if they werent that corrupted . 
  they also take government support from the dutch through a bland scheme and build entire towns with it abroad . 
  terrible news , i figure that the purchase of my new laptop or tablet or whatever i want to buy must wait a couple of months . 
  we are sorry . 
  there is no real advice on how to eat left overs properly . 
  it is not like we can throw our national dishes together to get a stew going . 
  never order a capuccino after 11 o clock in the morning . 
  personally i only drink espresso . 
  of the 32 % who bothered to show up . 
  so 68 % do n't really care . 
  [ beilmer amsterdam , the netherlands ] ( http://www.failedarchitecture.com/wp-content/uploads/2013/03/01.02_dienst_stadsontwikkeling_adam_bijlmermeer_adam_1962-73-1010x400.jpg ), 
  dont forget the downward nod . 
  [ weeknummers ] ( http://www.kalender-365.nl/weeknummer.html ) only important for when you want to plan your holiday , or when the exam week is starting . 
  these coal plants were planned with the requirement of compressing it 's fumes and storing it in some way . 
  the plants that were built did not have that capability making it a somewhat controversial topic to begin with . 
  hema basics is where it 's at my friend . 
  if it is anything like the netherlands you can easily earn more if you have a bachelor degree and 2-3 years of experience . 
  as a dutch person who lived in germany . 
  fuck your legislative contractual bureaucratic old fashion stuck up ass rusted motherfucking companies that fucked me over so many times in the short span that i lived there . 
  my gym tried to fuck me , my telephone contract tried to fuck me , your sleeezy ass copyright troll lawfirms fucked me hard which then proceeded by lawyers that wanted to `` help me '' trying to fuck me . 
  it made me so things that i would rather forget like not buying a metro ticket . 
  i am conspicuous of your flare . 
  do n't forget the 3j 's , they have the dental characteristics of crack addicts . 
  it is now 9.30 am and i will be done with all my activities ( work , sport , food consumption at 8 pm . 
  i will get back to it afterwards . 
  will send you links from my uni when i get home from internship , remind me if i do n't . 
  they are incest loving amsterdammers . 
  if you read the article it also says that it is relative . 
  it is a small village and here in the netherlands it is known to be a heavy drugs using pit of fuckery . 
  do you miss it ? 
  it is a beautiful capital city with a lot more to offer than weed alone . 
  also , the cost of those tourists and the money they brings it more in balance . 
  we have a problem here in the netherlands , we can not legalize it because of foreign pressure , and we can not make it illegal because of the abundancy of demand . 
  we have the same problem as the us does with guns , but i rather have a drugs problem . 
  i think that it is a matter of opinion , you can certainly get a lot of culture in the eastern european countries but it is whatever you seek . 
  i dont like cities for instance , but i am not advocating that cities are ugly or bad . 
  it is just my personal preference , and that is allright and good either way . 
  you do not always have to convice others with your view , and i dont think that you intent to do so have a nice day, 
  [ this is what came to mind reading your comment . 
  i am suspicious about your username .
