  or mandatory ( slave ) work in the weekends in the 50s . 
  or mass famine . 
  or turning half the nation into a network of agents that spy on the other half . 
  or rewriting history and mass brainwashing . 
  or loaning excessive debts to keep this stuff going . 
  or army shooting at you if you try to escape and getting a day off if they kill you . 
  that for decades . 
  germany has less than 30 % of its exports going to other eu members , how about the rest ? 
  who loses what ? 
   you chose communism in the past , we had not . 
  what ? 
  well , and you are choosing communism now . 
  it ai n't beautiful and it is accompanied by misery and poverty but i guess that 's what you chose . 
  they could have pressed the whole eurozone to bailout the banks themselves and let greece suck vacuum , but i guess nazis do n't do that . 
  then how about not giving any money at all ? 
  let the bad banks suffer , etc. 
  would it get better if i were a blue-collar working class hero on the verge of social exclusion in the estoril hotel ? 
  btw there just are n't that many of those in greece , otherwise their exports would n't be even lower than those of my poor smaller country with completely wrecked post-socialist economy . 
  p.s how about me and my family going to a nice family hotel in estoril for example , stay for a month , get lunches and dinners from the hotel and when we are required to pay finally , hold a family referendum whether paying them would be good for our family budget ? 
  do n't we as humans have the right to free leisure . 
  or perhaps i can try that in santorini , they would feel for us . 
  those evil bastards profiting from poor tourists . 
  oh come on . 
  it was the large financial groups that funded that ineffective lavish welfare madness that kept on spending way more that it earned . 
  but i guess while the money kept floating in , there were no issues . 
  big financial groups are entitled to give money for free . 
  people just need to work hard , throwing dishes and playing sirtaki . 
  of course , we just need responsible socialists to redistribute it and then ... uh , greek example follows . 
  the system of poverty was `` installed '' by dumb socialist governments that spent more than they had and loaned billions to keep ineffective state-owned companies afloat . 
  then again it has nothing to do with greece ... or does n't it ? 
  you expect us to respect irresponsible politicians ? 
  no way . 
  have you seen people high on long-acting stimulants like methamphetamine ? 
  they keep redosing when the high starts to wear off , they often bitch about it , they keep spending money on it , they tend to borrow money for it , they may even commit crimes to get more and avoid the crash , they do n't sleep for days , all they care about is getting high again , avoid the crash and continue the party . 
  but the crush comes sooner or later and the more you prolong it , the worse it is . 
  when you are deprived of sleep and food for days , you get hallucinations , paranoia , your health worsens and inevitably you crush . 
  the more you did that , the worse , it takes days to recover , some people can even get suicidal thoughts , you have mood swings , depression , you basically feel like shit . 
  that 's more or less greece 's situation with them getting more and more speed with the crush getting nearer and nearer . 
  and finally it must come to an end . 
  oh , ok you want an example . 
  the greek government owned tv network had to close down as part of austerity measures . 
  it never had good ratings and noone actually watched it . 
  when syriza went into power , one of the first things they proclaimed was restore the govenment tv channel , employing about 2000 people . 
  you think that tv network was so beneficial for greek economy ? 
  you think it ever generated any profit for the state budget ? 
  you think it makes sense ? 
  but syriza got a way to broadcast the oxi message . 
  leftists were happy too , after all its about the state employing people , helping the unemployment you see . 
  so that 's how the anti-austerity leftists think about it . 
  as much as i sympathize for the greek people for what they are going though , their leaders do not deserve even a cent for all the crap they are putting on the table . 
  like what , for example 25 % of the greek population went abroad ? 
  like hundreds of thousands of people officially employed , unoficially they did not get a salary in the last 6 months ? 
  like a fucking humanitarian catastrophe in the whole healthcare system ? 
  like education system collapsing worst in the history ? 
  like widespread organized crime because the government is too weak to handle it and almost everyday there is a shooting and victims somewhere ? 
  like  2000 % hyperinflation in months ? 
  like an average salary of $ 5 ? 
  how the heck is greece 's situation worse than any of the ee countries in the 90s ? 
  this is ridiculous . 
  there are yet lots of people working in the public sector , especially after syriza came into power and reverted all layoffs . 
  nothing improved though which makes me think they work the `` old way '' . 
  apparently social lavishness works even worse than austerity . 
   are people supposed to shut up and take it because the same shit has been happening for decades ? 
  yes . 
  let all the rest suffer for you , no ? 
  swedish socialists - that 's your chance to strike back : organize a paedophile pride in christian neighbourhoods . 
  i heard putin is unhappy with his face as it is in that artwork . 
  put some botox on those shells ? 
  if you put bulgaria here ( or any eastern european economy for that matter ) it would make the rest look miserable . 
  otoh , i dont think ee economies are inflated , they are much more healthy than greece for example . 
  it is below the minimal wage . 
  even here in bulgaria . 
  i read some declassified communist state security ( ds ) documents regarding `` enemy broadcast stations '' . 
  they basically knew anyone that worked there , the salary he got , the management issues , who had vices such as gambling and affairs , they regularily planted agents there , they blackmailed them and to be honest , the communist state did n't care a lot about rfe , they even helped , people calling rfe were tapped , it was a victim to selective jamming and more than most rfe itself was often used to spread false rumors by having some 'em igrant ' talk to them the right things . 
  heck , they even had complete plans of the greek transmitter sites and knew the names of all the guards and their shifts . 
  i am an amateur troll but i think i do a good job against russian trolls . 
  cause i know the enemy and their weak spots ha-ha-ha . 
  euroleftist fags , we will send them back to you again , 
  they 'd start trolling the russian trolls ? 
  in the same scenario ( ineffective government-owned companies requiring lots of external debt to function until the whole economy collapsed into hyperinflation in 1997 ) , young people here that have nothing to lose were the most vocal in overthrowing the government . 
  socialists were then backed by ( ironically ) elderly people with bank accounts that were dwindling still they defended them . 
  it 's almost the same situation but very different reaction , that 's why it looks rather weird here . 
  but yes , local media does n't help . 
  greece is usually described as a place where leftists rule it all and syriza has like 80 % support and everyone is opposing any changes to the ineffective system . 
  why can not ? 
  in the theoretical scenario that greece exits the ez and goes default , it would still require reforms to get back on track . 
  so what 's the difference ? 
  yep , exactly the same happened here , we had to violently get rid of that government for everybody 's good . 
  but still , the level of support for those populists from syriza in greece is breaking any logic . 
  why do n't you leave the eurozone and declare a moratorium on paying foreign debt ? 
  i thought you guys are afraid of that . 
  they need to update the list . 
  alpha bank is no more . 
  anyway , i have a deposit and my salary goes to an account in a greek owned bank . 
  lots of people started drawing their money out of greek banks and switching to others , i personally did n't . 
  i do n't think there would ever be a problem with this , even if greek banking sector collapses . 
  which tells a lot about how many jobs were created due to external loaning before shit hit the fan . 
  leftist nightmare : 7 billion pour in and not even a cent goes for 15th salary of government-employed parasites . 
  i have a software-defined radio with an amplified hf antenna on my balcony . 
  sometimes i tune to radio saudi arabia and turn the volume up on my speakers .
