  one more reason to eliminate internet and leave local population with tv and vodka only . 
  like in that joke about some soviet national that worked in middle east and brought home a sony tv set . 
  he then started switching channels - channel 1 : live from kpss congress , channel 2 : live from kpss congress , channel 3 : live from kpss congress and so on . 
  he got angry and did a manual frequency search . 
  then he surprisingly found a new channel which was n't reporting live from the kpss congress . 
  instead , a very very angry looking news reporter showed on and said `` hey , semionoff , you idiot !, 
  you can switch channels as much as you like as long as you can . 
  we are driving to your appartment already . '', 
  looks like according to putin 's circles , russians do n't need internet . 
  just televidenie and vodka . 
  ok , will ask them when they visit next time . 
  hehe , well i do n't remember using eggs as currency , nor i have heard about that . 
  it does n't mean that they never did that , it 's quite possible they done it somewhere . 
  at that time i was in my early teen years . 
  the slave labor i mentioned about is the so called `` stroitelni voiski '' - back then army was not professional and there was mandatory service ( two years during communism ) . 
  some unlucky ones were serving at `` stroitelni voiski '' basically working for free on construction sites . 
  so this is kind of slave work . 
  they disbanded them in the 90s . 
  i know a guy that worked in syria in the 80s , but i have n't seen him for a long time ( more than ten years ) . 
  errr i do n't actually remember a time when eggs were used as a currency , but there was a period of hyperinflation where eggs for sure did not lose their value as fast as banknotes  anyway , military here were well aware that something like a war can kill people - we were bordering two nato countries during the communism which means constant threat and they had a huge budget ( and also having the civil engineering corpus , they kind of used free slave labor , but that 's another story ) . 
  so when the nato threat was no more a threat , they still had those budgets which they `` utilized '' as good as they can - for example on digging alien stuff . 
  yes , they had quite a lot of reforms since then . 
  i believe that happened around the time bulgaria defaulted so yes - not the best time to throw money on digging tunnels . 
  at that time people believed the crap that some self-proclaimed psychics talked about ... still you 'd expect more from an army general . 
  the only undisputed fact is that there were a number of ufo sighting reports before those excavations took place and during them . 
  then `` mysteriously '' they ceased after this crap was canceled . 
  it is an old story that noone cares about actually until some media comes out with yet another sensationalist crap . 
  but indeed , the idiotism of that general responsible for the project is just notorious . 
  this `` mission '' was regarded as `` scientific '' one with not a single scientist on the site . 
  that same general at some moment doubted the crap this `` alien contactees '' were talking ... . so the idiot went to another self-proclaimed psychic who told him `` there is something there , keep digging '' . 
  that looks absurd nowadays . 
  but again , people believed ufo/psychics stories then , even the army generals apparently did . 
  they really dug them for that exact reason and it is not a myth . 
  spent millions on that , got charged with reckless management of army budget , their `` project '' canceled and the entrance to the tunnels sealed with concrete . 
  it actually happened 1-2 years after the fall of communism so it was all messy . 
  to make it worse , they classified everything related to the project ( to prevent the public reaction at the idiots in the ministry of defence ) and thus conspiracy theories emerged ( later , some of the participants gave interviews where they told bullshit and that made it even worse ) . 
  but if you like to believe in conspiracy theories , we have alien artifacts dug from some stupid hole in a village near sofia , military had contact with aliens , people sleeping in tents next to the concrete seal were found scared to death with no memories of what happened and shit like this . 
  we are not keen on talking about that because it is embarrassing to say at least . 
  and there are some nutters that really believe we found alien artifacts , haha . 
  what a waste , we used to have among the lowest unemployment rates for eastern europe , even lower than czech republic for some time and now we are happy that we went below eu average ... crap :(, 
  unless he is non-muslim . 
  seriously though ypg is not a terrorist organization , at least not recognized as such in eu . 
  you suggest that we revoke citizenship for fighting in an armed conflict somewhere else ? 
  that would be a rather nasty precedent . 
  shit mostly ... * bulldozers destroyed a gypsy ghetto in varna , clashes erupted , riot police was deployed . 
  * beroe and botev football hooligans got into a fight after they incidently met on the streets of stara zagora , 17 people were arrested , one was cut in the stomach but he survived * probably the worst week in terms of bad traffic accidents . 
  * heavy rains and floods claimed several victims overall , nothing positive . 
  let them all in . 
  this will finally kill the left-wing plague that slowly kills europe . 
  shit , people should n't be allowed to have experiments with that . 
  commercial products are unlikely to kill you - even if you come with the bad idea to grip the fence with your hand . 
  this one : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=f9als9mf-ru&amp;list=rdf9als9mf-ru, 
  scientifically speaking , unless it rains , nothing that bad would happen , human skin has quite high resistence and i believe even if the voltage is high enough to drive enough current , it would ground through the feet of one of the first guys on the chain , thus except for a couple of unlucky people that were shocked at the end , noone would even know about that . 
  russians sang songs about smuglianka , moldovanka and not about estonian girls ... perhaps that was the reason . 
  yeah , just too bad they did not consider them when building the commieblocks :(, 
  more like ban idiots ... everyone has experience with scratched cars , punctured tires and stuff like that , parking next to commieblocks . 
  there is always some retard that decided they are entitled to park their crap at some particular place . 
  paper blocks ? 
  what ... no , it did not eat my soul when i lived in one . 
  but i could hear my neighbours all the time . 
  in fact , in socialism it was n't bad as relations between neighbours were mostly warm , almost every night they visit you or you visit their place , have talks and drinks and it was fun . 
  those days are long gone though and we have `` neighbour wars '' in most of them nowadays . 
  yeah , it is right in the yard here , the metal/stone garages are illegal and most of them got demolished . 
  but right in the yard for a huge appartment block with lots of appartments is definitely problematic :(, 
  did n't know you have a separate term for those . 
  we have just `` panelka '' and this includes all the concrete panels blocks , both this type , the prevailing `` long type 8-storeys '' and the highrises . 
  but they very often use it for other type of construction ( such as the '' \u0415\u041f\u041a '' ones like that - http://www.kab-sofia.bg/images/stories/statii/-2015/01/29/sanirane/02.jpg ) . 
  we do n't have plans to demolish those , they want to renovate them , but it 's damn hard ( both expensive and legally hard ) to do that for all of them . 
  the highrises are a particular problem , cause there are more people living there and it 's more expensive . 
  it is enough that one of the appartments disagree about the rennovation plan and it all fails for this building . 
  besides , at least here , they built them without the vision that each appartment will have on the average one or more cars so parking is often a nightmare , traffic jams as well :(, 
  yes ? 
  no way , islam forbids gambling . 
  but those are just massive . 
  where do residents park their cars there , are there separate parking lots or underground garages ? 
  also are there traffic problems in those districts ? 
  we have some here in sofia where residential highrise brutalism is prevailing , but it 's nothing like this apparently ... and they all have serious traffic problems . 
  offtopic : holy shit , the commieblocks in moscow are monstrous !, 
  we could get them to groups of 3-4 people should it occur that we forgot to defuse some of the cold war era landmines on the borders ... 
  still not 100 % effective :( http://www.balkaneu.com/50-refugees-detained-yard-house-sofia/, 
  wondering if our new shiny fence would survive an invasion like this . 
  a lot of crimes committed by their puppets in power , however they were still perpetuated by bulgarians , despite that they followed moscow orders . 
  but the media silence regarding chernobyl disaster was rather nasty and was completely their fault . 
  i think the other comecon nations learned that from a swedish tv channel several days after that happened , rather than from the ussr itself , that 's just plain absurd . 
  you can hear stories about people going to picnic with unexplained side effects such as headache and vomiting . 
  you kebaps do n't fuck with the americans ... 
  except that it happened decades ago during ww2 and at that time the nationalism was rather trendy and it was a well accepted state policy to get rid of different ethnic groups by means of torture , murders and mass evictions . 
  i am not telling that greeks were to blame because we and basically everyone else in the region were doing the same . 
  thing is the greeks did that to them particularily and they just returned the favor . 
  for example if some state officials kill some of my relatives , nationalize my family house and kick me out into another country and then a war erupts , i go back as part of an occupying army and meet the same fucking state officials that did that to me ... well it 's easy to imagine what i will do to them . 
  especially as long as you have the power and you are the authority and suppressing local rebels will be considered the right thing to do by your superiors . 
  but but but ... 
  i really hoped you keep one of those and are willing to share it with us :( your commies must have been smarter than ours , ours dug 180m underground tunnels looking for alien artifacts . 
  well you guys repelled the ussr with laser guns did n't you ? 
  funny , it is little known in romania too - all romanians i told about that were rather surprised to hear that . 
  but indeed , the guy that synthesized it first was a romanian chemist , working in germany . 
  back then his company decided it was useless until glaxosmithkline started selling it as a nasal spray ( indeed , amphetamine is very effective as nasal anti-congestant and bronchodilator - it would have been the perfect drug for that ... if it did n't have ... other properties ), 
  you guys discovered amphetamine ( little known fact indeed ) . 
  i would n't be surprised if you invented big fucking laser guns to repel angry russians . 
  we want one , just in case .
