  it 's complicated . 
  the passenger train service is owned by the government and its financial state is like greece 's . 
  freight train market was liberalized but that never happened for passengers service and bdz has a monopoly in that market . 
  while stations and tracks are slowly improving ( another government company takes care of them ) , bdz is getting worse and worse . 
  there is also a bus transport lobby . 
  errr ... i guess things will improve some day when this company finally goes bankrupt or gets privatized . 
  but the government does not want to privatize it right now . 
  also , train transport has a social function here ... poor people and gypsies use it cause it is cheap as fuck . 
  this means it wo n't be easy to privatize it . 
  they cut cats tails there . 
  because that way it takes less time for the cat to enter a room before you close the door and in the winters this saves heating costs . 
  or at least that 's what 's commonly known about gabrovo . 
  they also make fun of people that are too drunk to unlock their front doors : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1t80pxmeopi, 
  haha yeah https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=do9mvrrx2t4, 
  turks . 
  but gypsies will probably change that soon . 
  haha , horror stories travelling by train from burgas to sofia , i think everyone has some . 
  the worst that i had : getting on the train last minute , no free seats , but they kept selling tickets . 
  so i get on the train , packed with people , had to remain in the area between two carriages with a gypsy family loudly complaining about `` aaaaah fuckers and that is europe just fuck you '' . 
  then about 10 km from burgas one of the gypsies took some meatballs from his luggage and started eating them . 
  40c heat , no air conditioning . 
  as we approached the lukoil refinery there were track repairs and we had to wait . 
  nice combination of smells - sweat , meatballs , petrol products and horrible heat . 
  my water i got from the station was over . 
  i was constantly about to puke . 
  someone lighted a cigarette even though it is forbidden . 
  somehow it got better 2-3 hours after that , but i was unable to find a seat until half of the trip was over , somewhere near kazanlak . 
  good thing was some freaks smoked some pot between the carriages and treated me some . 
  it was good . 
  then i found a free seat and collapsed . 
  got woken up by some retarded teens from sofia . 
  at some station one of them ran to get some drinks , got late and the train left without him . 
  anyway got to sofia after about 9 hours ( 350km overall !!! ) . 
  i was so wasted i could n't get the metro to home , too tired to switch the lines . 
  so i got a taxi . 
  once i got home , i was so thankful i survived . 
  besides nu boyana , it is a popular destination for shooting movies as it 's still cheap to close a street to shoot some scene here . 
  it is fun watching some movie and notice some scene shot in sofia . 
  hitman for example featured lots of sofia street scenes . 
  i 've seen also communist buildings like the ndk congress center featuring as some dark anti-utopic government agency headquarters , i admit they did a great job making it look way more frightening and way more concrete than it really is . 
  i like russia except for putin , his chekists and his voters ,, 
  2034 was disappointing :(, 
  you mean like [ that ? 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lkhg0uluybs ), 
  nice , i need to look around for it , have n't had it for a long time . 
  was that cans or glass bottles ? 
  a small part of it is indeed , but most of it is actually more like central europe , just kind of warmer with somewhat less rainfall . 
  yes , czech beers are definitely better . 
  anyway , when was that ? 
  i have n't seen ledenika for years , i thought they got bankrupt or something . 
  we should repair the flying saucer 's engines , get all the communist nostalgics and panslavic dumbheads on it , program it to fly to the red planet so that the reds on board colonize it and then cause dust deficit at mars . 
  we will then get rich by exporting sand and dust to them . 
  most of them are bad indeed , but not all . 
  zagorka and kameniza are the most popular , but to me they are like bottled urine . 
  same goes for astika and stolichno light . 
  pirinsko on the other hand is really nice and i somewhat like bolyarka even though most people dislike it . 
  shumensko used to be a good beer before carlsberg spoiled it . 
  and of course stolichno dark is best in the winter . 
  i do n't think ledenika still exists nowadays . 
  but that 's ... well we have that joke here : `` everyone has his own taste - said the dog while licking his ass '' . 
  yeah , that is the hotel right next to ours ( we were at miramar ) . 
  well ... late september is too late imo ... water is still good for swimming , but there are winds and air temp is cold :(, 
  just great . 
  lukoil owns the largest oil refinery in se europe ( and the only one currently operating in bulgaria ) . 
  every year they declare huge turnover , refined oil products having a big share in our exports and each fucking year they declare operating loss so that they pay zero taxes . 
  and at the same time they own chain of petrol stations , pay lots of money on marketing , sponsors sports teams , etc. 
  they opposed stricter inspection on their storage facility and their port ( yes , the refinery has its own port ) . 
  they threatened to cut off all petrol deliveries . 
  i fucking hate those guys and i hope they sell their business in bulgaria and go home where such business practices are acceptable . 
  which one ? 
  this was my second year in a hotel near obzor , i actually liked it , it 's different than most of the seaside - not that overbuilt , less noise , hotels are nice and you have both a mountain and seaside . 
  i actually love that place . 
  there is no way a russian surprise attack on poland would work . 
  there is also no way a russian surprise attack on romania/bulgaria would work . 
  reasons are many , in the polish case , their army is completely capable of defending their country long enough before real shit hits the fan . 
  russia attacking romania/bulgaria would not work too , there is no way they do that without involving turkey and realistically , russia ca n't win a conventional war in the black sea region against turkey . 
  so calm down . 
  yes , in case russian government gets mad , we will be like the buffer zone . 
  but no , there is no way russians can win anything , they will suffer bitter defeat trying to invade us . 
  it is nothing like georgia which lacks the resources and infrastructure or ukraine which lacks the political support . 
  should they try , they would have to face germany aka eu and turkey aka us/nato . 
  they stand no chance , i only wish them good luck trying that . 
  reminds me of that : http://image.tsn.ua/media/images4/original/may2015/384712251.jpg `` today - crimea , tommorow - rome '' . 
  speaking from propulsion point of view , it might be marginally possible even with today 's technology . 
  nasa had its project orion in the 60s which considered using a series of deuterium fusion explosions to propel a spacecraft to near-relativistic speeds ( ~ 5 % the speed of light , perhaps it could be further improved using today 's technology ) . 
  they calculated a trip to alpha centauri would take 44 years , one direction . 
  relativistic effects at 0.05 c are still insignificant , e.g one year from ship 's frame reference would equal 1.001 years on earth . 
  there are other major problems such as thermal and radiation shielding which more or less had some solutions even then , but there were also unsolved problems like shielding the ship from impacts - as at 0.05 c , hitting even a small dust particle would be rather nasty . 
  of course much higher velocities would be achieved if we some day harness antimatter for example . 
  anyway , that project was abandoned though as people were n't very happy about nuclear explosions even for space exploration purposes amid the cold war . 
  yet , the thing is you do n't need to travel at light speed to reach the closest stars in your lifetime . 
  it is even better , if you can reach speeds very close to c , then you can travel to any place in the universe in your lifetime . 
  but it would require energy close to infinity to propel your ship close to c . yet even at 0.999 c , you would be able to travel to any star in 1100 light years range in less than 50 years of your life . 
  massless particles such as photons travel at light speed . 
  for a photon emitted from a very distant galaxy , 13 billions ly away , the time it took to get from there to hitting your retina was effectively zero seconds - it happened instantly , collision with your eye happened right after it was emitted . 
  but that 's its frame reference , for us it took it 13 billion years to travel to earth . 
  but that was the happy part promised by the special relativity . 
  the sad part is that while it could take a couple of decades to reach that damn earth-like kepler 425b exoplanet and twice that time to go back to earth , you 'd see that nearly 3000 years have passed , there is nothing to remind you about the times you left earth , anyone you knew is long dead , anything you knew is gone except for probably a couple of ancient ruins , culture and technology evolved so much that you do n't understand anything and the killer feat would be if humanity lost interest in the meantime and noone cares about your flight . 
  or even worse - everyone hates you for doing that . 
  in a way , all this may be even worse than committing a suicide .
