  i really wish our languages were more similar , 
  i still want your anti-corruption agency though , 
  it happened due to lack of government regulation , at least here . 
  but yes , piracy was a driving factor  do n't know about romania , but isp market here is consolidating meaning several corporations are currently monopolizing it , the end result being it gets more and more fucked up . 
  and it 's not like they bother to invest in bandwidth as compared to marketing and sales . 
  my isp was acquired by one of the big telcos and they just cut online payments , forcing me to come to their stores to pay where i got brainwashed with their beautiful new offers - where i get everything in a package and i ca n't just quit using their internet service while still using my mobile phone and cable tv . 
  and because they are fucktards , the only company that offers lte is cut off from roaming with the major mobile operators and to use lte here , you need a dual-sim mobile - one for data , and another one for calls . 
  how fucked up is that . 
  hey we have 680km of highways . 
  care to exchange them for your 400km plus your anti-corruption agency ? 
  you do great job prosecuting your corrupt assholes . 
  you scare the shit out of our corrupt assholes . 
  thanks for the tourists , thanks for being one of our biggest trade partners , thanks for not being crazy as our ex-yugo neighbours . 
  i think something like that happened to me and i do n't hate russians . 
  it was several years ago in sunny beach , the day after a party . 
  i woke the about lunch time , hangover and stuff . 
  rushed to the nearest cafeteria in a very bad mood , passed by a bus station where some mid-aged russian asked me `` a gde avtovokzal '' or something . 
  i tried to parse that , to me it sounded absurd like `` where is the automobile railroad station '' , then it occured to me it is probably a bus station , but he was standing right at it , so i told him `` avtovokzal zdes '' . 
  he then protested angrily and i got more and more annoyed because he assumed i speak russian and did not even start with `` excuse me '' . 
  so i continued in bulgarian `` tova tuk '' ( i pointed down ) '' - avtovokzal '' . 
  and he continued protesting . 
  then it occured to me he is refering to the central bus station where you take buses to other towns . 
  but my russian is too poor to explain it proper , so i switched to english . 
  this annoyed him even more for some reason , he was now looking at me angrily , talking annoyed in russian . 
  i thought that would be fun so i continued in english . 
  then after some time he smiled and said `` look i speak english bad , better try in bulgarian/russian please '' . 
  i calmed down and tried to explain as good as i can . 
  describing routes to russians when you do n't speak russian well is very hard though . 
  in bulgarian the word for `` straight ahead '' means `` on the right '' in russian and you constantly make that mistake . 
  anyway after this , i started to answer directly in english when some russian tourist asked me something in russian . 
  not that i hate russian language or hate those guys , it is just painful and not worth the effort . 
  no way that would happen , vodka is crap here . 
  it is a normal class 1 road / highway junction , might have well been done as a simple cloverleaf . 
  the dumb thing being the class 1 road is planned to become a 2x2 expressway in the future and they will have to rework that junction, 
  studied it for several years , i can understand written text well , not that well in spoken form and speak just enough to order something to drink ... or get into a fight for that matter . 
  i believe virtually noone that was born in the last 20-30 years speaks it , and virtually anyone older than 50-60 years does . 
  bulgaria : * opened a new 5km stretch of the notorious hemus highway . 
  this one cost 35 million eur and has the most complex highway junction in the country ( http://images.focus-news.net/697a4c407b7e006683ec231b4f4c4f17.jpg ) . 
  some people criticized it for being dumb , a waste of money and unnecessarily expensive . 
  * anthrax found in another animal in varna region which caused another mini-panic . 
  since the outbreak , they found 4 infected animals , one person died , all meat in contact with meat from that farm was withdrawn from market and destroyed and they are now mass-vaccinating cattle in the region . 
  * landslide in varna cut the road of 300 people to their houses . 
  also in varna : citizens god mad at the municipality and `` sieged '' the municipality council in the debate room , `` booing '' them and not letting them get out until the important points were voted . 
  police was called . 
  ( http://nakratko.bg/photos/20150805121424-1.jpg ) * small forest fires happening on a daily basis * the regional governor of razgrad region crashed his car in a tree . 
  0.3 % alchohol in his blood , 6 times over the legal threshold . 
  * two undercover tax inspectors were `` hijacked '' and threatened by a taxi driver in sv.vlas . 
  * bulgaria will be building airplanes again after decades . 
  though just small private airplanes in a factory near sofia * unemployment down to 9.4 % * a private hospital became the first one to lose its license due to cheating the national healthcare fund . 
  also policemen from the sigma unit charged for corruption * prisoners from burgas prison escaped and got caught after a few hours * robbie williams at spirit of burgas with 35000 fans partying on the beach . 
  ( http://kanal3.bg/assets/uploads/gallery/4935_660_370.jpg ) * police are looking for two alleged isis members that entered bulgaria from turkey . 
  because ... sergei stanishev . 
  when he was the leader of bsp ( and pm of bulgaria ) : * his leftist party had oligarchs among its board of leaders , they still have . 
  * abused eu cohesion funds in a blatant way ( like the regional development minister 's brother had a company that built a lot of infrastructure funded by eu cohesion funds ) . 
  * stanishev himself was accused of illegally taking out government secret documents and destroying them * numerous corruption scandals and affairs * when he was still leading bsp , a scandal erupted with leaked instructions to internet trolls . 
  they confirmed the document was genuine , but instead that was not about trolling campains , it was just about `` basic pivot points our activists must adhere to '' * does n't matter how bad any of them fucks up , in bsp they never critisize their comrades , they never resign , as if criticism , shame and guilt do not exist there * known to resort to controlled voting in gypsy ghettos * known to throw ridiculous amounts of money for brainless projects such as `` reindustrialization of bulgaria '' - which means rebuilding the huge ineffective and expensive communist-era industrial mastodonts that never operated based on any economical logic . 
  but well , i can at least admit stanishev pretended to be a social democrat , not some radical left-wing putinist party with links to moscow . 
  in bsp , he was succeeded by some drunkyard , who changed the course . 
  since old comunist nostalgic people were most of their voters and the same ones got tired of bsp 's lies , they now try to play the russophile song . 
  unfortunately for them , that turns out to be even smaller niche , occupied by another party already . 
  so yes , they are commiting a suicide for everyone 's good . 
  and with a leader like this , pes will follow soon . 
  no , russia will not disintegrate in that dramatic matter , the russian federation though might lose some regions eventually ( far east and caucasian areas ) . 
  i ca n't imagine it falling apart like ussr . 
  if it is to disintegrate , that would happen slow and not at all that dramatic . 
  on the other hand , unless suddenly russians ' mind changes , it is destined to decline and rot . 
  it is just beyond comprehension how such huge country can be governed in that absurdly corrupt way ( for me being from the most corrupt eu state , russia looks surreal even here ) . 
  it is not at all sustainable and going that way further will inevitably bring tensions and unstability . 
  the only thing that prevented it until now were the rising oil prices which coincidently happened during putin 's rule and they are no more . 
  something has to change in russia ... it is for russia 's good . 
  we were the bad guys . 
  orthodox christianity is not a religion , it is something that you have to make you different than those kebap muslims and the insidious catholics . 
  and since it is not a religion , it does n't have anything to do with politics here . 
  yeah i know some guys from former yugoslavia went in ukraine to finish their 90s business . 
  before shit hit the fan ( the so-called `` referendum '' in crimea and the war in ukraine ) , the ataka party sent volunteers to `` protect bulgarian minority from fascists '' ( which is understandable given their ties with putin 's government ) . 
  even one of their ex-representatives went there . 
  when shit started , i was wondering what happened with them until one day i saw the same former representative at a cinema 's food court , devouring burger king hamburgers . 
  it 's nice to see how low the support for pes is and how gue-ngl have no representation in bulgaria . 
  probably because the socialists fucked up so bad they are on their way to extinction . 
  i am afraid pes will follow them as currently the leader of pes is the former leader of bsp , 
  54 russians died fighting against the russians ? 
  looks like the germans were much more effective . 
  they did in just three weeks that what italians could not for six months . 
  the ordinary early 20th century things - invading macedonia and stuff . 
  that until germany started to lose the war , americans and british bombed cities and at the end everything went horribly wrong when the soviets came . 
  i believe it was just like any other eastern european country except that bombings were not that intense , jews were not put in concentration camps and the anti-fa guerilla movement was n't that strong as the communists claim it to be . 
  also we did a lot of stupid things that we had to pay the price for - like unilaterally declaring war on us because `` they are on the other end of the world , who cares '' . 
  or sending the jews from macedonia to germany while we could have saved them just as we did for those in bulgaria . 
  what followed ww2 was way worse though . 
  how do you pronounce `` cwrw '' ?!, 
  just love the sense of humor those guys have , 
  just so ... . russian , 
  it is unbelievable it increased by 11 % here . 
  you got daily news about another forest fire or illegal wood cutting somewhere each summer . 
  not sure about romanian , but in bulgarian there are many variations of cursing , even many variations of `` fuck your mom '' and there are broad differences in meaning and intent , not necessarily mean and violent . 
  for example : `` da ti eba maikata '' ( fuck your mom ) - can be something innocent between friends , will rarely escalate further than `` your mom too '' `` ei sega ti ebah maikata '' ( i will now fuck your mom ) - very likely the intent is to pick a fight , skipping the verbal escalation phase . 
  prepare to fight `` maika ti she eba be '' ( i will fuck your mom ) - usually loud , the `` mother '' word pronounced slower - fight not necessarily imminent , but this is a clear attempt to escalate to a violent phase `` ebal sam ti maikata '' - ( i 've fucked your mom ) - means `` i do n't give a shit about you '' and quite a lot of other like `` ebalo si e maikata '' ( it has fucked its mom ) - meaning `` things went wrong '' , `` ebesh li mu maikata '' ( do you fuck his mom ) - meaning `` god knows '' and so on . 
  people should just not pick up `` fuck '' and `` mom '' in a single sentence , it may have soooooo many meanings , 
  pretty normal . 
  mothers , female genitalia and anuses and forced intercourse are about the most discussed topics by the drivers on the city streets here .
