  alright , i 'd say romanian idiot drivers drive a bit more irresponsive , while the bulgarian idiot drivers tend to get into fights just like they do in russia . 
  numerous youtube videos like [ that ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6gl2xwufnrc ) or [ that ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xytc7szkyzk ) prove it . 
  well most of it is either `` exculsive use by guests of hotel x '' or something like cacao beach anyway . . the `` public '' parts look like this strip . 
  but that is n't necessarily a problem - if you ca n't stand the crowds and noise , you would n't be there in the first place . 
   i would be very interested in seeing them dig up the cables and hook on to them . 
  i would n't . 
  yes , except that it 's ... well just crowded ... like this : https://www.flickr.com/photos/phototouring/1557605901/in/photostream/ ... but then this was still 2007 and now it 's worse . . 
   we just need a sharp winter and they 'll all freeze to death . 
  haha , wishful thinking . 
  you are about to witness gypsy engineering solutions for turning stolen electricity into thermal energy . 
  i find it exactly the same as in bulgaria . 
  though i 've been to bucharest only . 
  the only thing that seemed weird was when some lady heard us speaking with my wife in bulgarian in a mall and asked where we came from and do we like the city . 
  bulgarians are generally more indifferent to foreigners . 
  other than that , romanians are just the same idiots as we are , especially as far as automobile traffic is concerned . 
  felt like home . 
  i thought it ca n't be worse than sunny beach ... 
  romania , though if it is just about languages , then macedonia and serbia . 
  i can barely understand what the problem is between macedonia and bulgaria , but i honestly do n't get the greece/fyrom thing . 
  if it was about those irredentist maps , then we all have it here and they are all completely irrelevant to reality . 
  then again if it was about stealing history , this history is `` shared '' you know and it 's perfectly fine if it happened outside the nowadays national borders . 
  i do n't mind other nations celebrating bulgarian kings for example , definitely would n't accept it as something negative . 
  i 'd say croatia is more successful as a eu member , they have relatively stronger law framework and are not as corrupt as here . 
  well yes otoh they are indebted , have high unemployment and that stupid issues with serbia and slovenia , but i really envy their infrastructure and the way they developed tourism . 
  too bad reforms progress halted there just the same way it halted in bulgaria just after gaining eu membership status . 
  yeah , that 's exactly what i am afraid of . 
  next time they come to fix stuff , it might uhm ... say lose its independence . 
  cause it was n't exactly supposed to be independent , it was more like about switching from being an ottoman province to being a russian puppet state and that experiment failed , they got rather pissed off and provoked a totally useless war with serbia . 
  hah , that reminds me of a bulgarian turk colleague i had years ago . 
  we were walking to some fastfood place for a lunch when we noticed a `` cska are turks '' grafitti on a wall ( stuff like that is so common here , i do n't even normally notice them ) . 
  he watched it kind of disgusted and said `` well this is just offensive '' . 
  i said `` what ? '', 
  because it took me some time to understand what this all is about ( and he being a turkish bulgarian is something i forgot about most of the time , he speaks bulgarian as good as anyone else , he 's not religious at all , his girlfriend is a bulgarian and stuff ) . 
  he repeated `` that right here , it is offensive '' . 
  then i started wondering what can i say as i never imagined him being a victim of racism , he is just ... dunno , a typical bulgarian with a turkish name . 
  i just said `` yeah ... but you know football stuff '' . 
  he said `` no , i mean i am a turk and i have nothing to do with those stupid pigs . 
  why would any turk in his right mind have anything to do with those , this is just retarded '' - then he started laughing , kind of this all being a joke on me . 
  then i remembered he was kind of levski supporter but i do n't quite care about football so i 've ignored most of his ramblings about levski fc stuff . 
  but after all this all sounded rather funny , so i laughed loud . 
  wondering still if he gets racially offended indeed or he just takes it on a football rivalry level . 
  since he would very rarely refer to himself as a turk , it is a topic he probably avoids . 
  but on the other hand he never seemed to feel uneasy talking about it . 
  it is to some extent the same in bulgaria , the only difference being we tend to elect different khan once in 4 years and he appoints different local princes to rule the regions . 
  as hard as they tried , that dictatorship thing did not work . 
  at least for now . 
  i do n't think anyone gives a shit about that obedineta makedonija thing anymore . 
  i remember it was a hot topic on the news years ago . 
  i do n't think ordinary people in macedonia give a shit about that greater macedonia idea either . 
  except for the nationalists which are the loud minority talking about other minorities . 
  p.s i miss this period actually , it was full of trolling on the news sites comments sections . 
  there were those gems like `` macedonia is like america to you '' , `` you tatars sell for two red notes '' and `` go wash yourself - you 'll then be a clean bulgarian just without the yugo mud '' or `` do invade us - we will send the hotel owners in bansko to hold the attack , counterattack and capture skopje '', 
  cause there is no free crimea seaside anymore , they built government officials dachas and military bases on it . 
  uhm ok , just please do n't come to fix it anymore . 
  let me guess the reaction of pro-government propaganda : `` you wanted democracy , that is what you get with neoliberal democracy . 
  besides , < insert random ` they beat niggers in us ' statement here  '', 
  same here , but usually related to old commie nostalgics . 
  uh well , people that crashed airplanes in wtc actually believed to end up in heavens , not hell , but well they are accepted as extremists . 
  crusaders ( which were not uneducated btw , they were the educated elite ) believed sacking and pillaging villages is in the name of christ . 
  people burning witches alive were burning them to save their souls . 
  they were all not accepted as extremists . 
  in fact , religious persecution is among the biggest factors that have driven early emigration to americas and that is even weirder as they were religious people targeted by other religious people . 
  you think europe was capable of building something like the great wall without using slave labor just to defend itself from nomadic tribes trying to pillage it ? 
  that 's hell of a good example , observable from earth orbit even . 
  uh yes but we are n't arguing about whether religion predates violence or vice versa . 
  what i 'm trying to say is that religion is a very good driving factor to violence . 
  just like ehm ... nationalism . 
  or racism . 
  i am sure people can dig up and find something positive about nationalism . 
  or even nazism . 
  after all , hitler wrote a whole book to defend it . 
  he really loved animals btw , violence against pets was severely punished by his regime . 
  one positive side of it you see . 
  and after millions of murders , nazism is no more . 
  after millions of murders , religion is still here . 
  what for ? 
  saving our poor souls ? 
  countries existed long before nationalism so that 's not very relevant . 
  and yes - nationalism is not that good either , just see what it achieved with germany and former yugoslavia . 
  at that particular time , they had a better life , indeed . 
  i am not making this up , it is a proven fact historians do not disagree upon . 
  but thankfully this also drove progress in europe and rather than wasting resources on brainless crusades , europe started trading with those guys . 
  well worshipping state officials is fake and noone truly believes in that . 
  just what happens with religion btw as long as you install communist agents all over . 
  no , crimes would have been commited for many reasons . 
  it 's just that religion is a damn good reason . 
  especially if you want to have some of uneducated brainwashed biomass to waste for reaching your political goals . 
  nothing , that 's why the first european travellers to china were rather surprised , that 's where stuff like silk , gunpowder and stuff came from . 
  yes but overall most monotheistic religions end up bad if you look at the numbers . 
  it is just so much tempting to use it as a tool to force uneducated masses to commit crimes . 
  the modern attitude christianity takes on this is disgusting , like `` uhm yes we screwed up but we are good guys after all , just just do n't tax our properties and it 's fine , we all pray for your souls '' . 
  alright , mostly the ethics that numerous other nations never being christians in the first place had as well . 
  unbelievably most people are not keen on killing others for example . 
  however , the ages that christianity dominated in europe were known as the dark ages and this was for a reason . 
  scientific progress was basically halted for a number of centuries - and it was n't good for anyone . 
  hey do n't insult us . 
  we did not take part in this , at least not this time . 
  next time maybe . 
  uhm ... did not know about that . 
  such thing did not happen here though .
