  i 'd agree on that , crusades were more a political thing and they readily attacked orthodox christian states too , pillaging villages and stuff . 
  at one point they almost destroyed byzantium , then invaded bulgaria and [ our king defeated them ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/battle_of_adrianople_ ( 1205 ) ) which kind of ended the fourth crusade . 
  however , i have n't heard of any religion-dominated society that ever developed something useful . 
  well ok , lavish buildings and kebaps maybe the exceptions to that . 
  no , people died in their attempts to establish communism . 
  eradicating religion did not claim a lot of victims . 
  imagine what would have happened if communism spread into the muslim world . 
  goddamn americans prevented that . 
  perhaps it would have been wise if us had some communism too . 
  i think there was this kind of a joke about macedonia developing a nuclear icbm . 
  the macedonian president calls the us president : - `` hello , mr. obama . 
  if you do n't admit you are all macedonians and join the mighty macedon empire , we will nuke new york tomorrow '' - `` gtfo joker , we do not negotiate with terrorists '' the next day new york is turned into glass . 
  then macedonian president calls again after a week : - `` hello , mr. obama . 
  if you do not surrender and join the mighty macedon empire , we will nuke dc tomorrow '' - `` you fucking piece of shit , we were looking for you for the last six days . 
  now pray hard because once we find you on the map , you are all screwed ! '', 
  good . 
  one of the positive effects of communism - it eradicates religion . 
  and russians were kind of wasting it . 
  just wait until their football teams play . 
  but ... half yugoslavia is nato now . 
  gypsies do that . 
  but putin [ can increase ] ( http://ic.pics.livejournal.com/paukoph/40845114/60629/60629_original.jpg ) the oil prices !, 
  send some of your prosecutors here - lukoil refinery is the defacto monopolist on the fuel market here yet it seems to operate at a loss for more than 10 years and resists all attempts for tax inspections . 
  cause we 're too big to fail you know ... 
  the same here , but i think it was more about mismanagement than exporting to ussr . 
  i think it was n't that simple . 
  ussr provided cheap oil and gas and was a big market to the production `` friendly states '' had . 
  on the other hand , we had to borrow lots of money to other `` friendly '' states in africa and finance their communist revolutions and it was n't actually our choice . 
  and most of those debts had to be written off later cause they were simply unable to pay them . 
  sooooo where are the slovak neonazis and motorbike gangs , 
  they just god mad for getting into amateur football after they basically declared bankrupcy . 
  p.s wan na see them in action against the teams from villages from pernik region now , hahaha crowbars in gay commieblock nazi heads  p.s2 : lol `` the fans of cska are now on the pitch which means very very bad news for the fans of ashdod '' . 
  welcome to the balkans haha . 
  sofia has its ugly eyesores and it also has its nice parts and most of all , it is improving fast . 
  that said i would rather live in the suburbs of varna than sofia 's , but saying that all the suburban areas is ruins of buildings surrounded by mud means you just do n't know sofia . 
  but yes it is like so in the northern outskirts . 
  there are also very nice neighbourhoods on the vitosha mountain and at pancharevo . 
  and yes , living suburban in sofia is rather problematic - it is either damn expensive or not worth it , rarely something in between . 
  and any comparison between sofia and skopje is not actually favorable to skopje , they have more work to do than us for sure . 
  p.s does your nickname come from the name ( asen ) ? 
  cause i do n't think it 's a slavic one and it is typically found in bulgaria , definitely not cz . 
  they are much more isolated , they do not have to export revolutions and they depend mostly on foreign trade with friendly china to survive . 
  comecon on the other hand was nothing like that . 
  and another thing is ( from my childhood memories , i could not explain it then , i could understand it years later ) i remember one summer , all of the sudden we started receiving tv from turkey . 
  i lived like at least 400-500km away from turkey then . 
  the communists back then installed jammers at the border ( or at least that 's what i 've heard ) but they did not spend money on this that much far away just because of some rare phenomenon . 
  so yes it was due to tropospheric ducting - a relatively rare phenomenon that allows old analog tv to be received from great distances . 
  so as a kid , i remember what i saw did not correspond at all to what the general perception was ( driven by propaganda ) . 
  my idea about turkey was something like a third-world african country with starving kids and stuff . 
  and what i saw was drastically different than what my expectations were . 
  i even talked to my parents about it but their response was kind of ambiguous , perhaps they considered me too young for a serious conversation , 
  my memories were that it was like the final party here , the government taking loans like crazy . 
  too bad we had to repay them for like 20 years after that . 
  i think it was the opposite here . 
  there were far more people that believed in the final victory of communism in 70s and 80s as compared to 30s . 
  in the 30s only a few did and they often ended in jail for some reason . 
  it was so much lagging in terms of technological development that the collapse was inevitable . 
  and i do n't know about ussr but there were already some cracks in the iron curtain here , people were becoming more and more aware of the real situation so the collapse of the communism was only a matter of time . 
  well defend from what ? 
  he is right that streets in the balkans are dirty and people throw garbage on the streets ( the cigarettes part especially true cause i 've done it too ) . 
  it is not something to be proud of . 
  but well we do have beautiful nature and nice cuisine on the other hand , i would have felt offended if he denied it  as far as the historical part it does n't make sense nowadays . 
  i remember it was a hot topic on the news here years ago until anyone here stopped giving a shit about what some football hooligans did in skopje , who painted what grafitti , what nutter said what and stuff . 
  whenever this is brought on the table , it is usually some sensationalist crap that one particular nationalist party feeds on . 
  i hope soon your country will join the eu too so that people can travel without limitations ... and hopefully they `` fix '' the infrastructure connecting both countries because it is currently appaling . 
  is this the stereotypical view of us there ? 
  i do n't think most bulgarians consider macedonians to be brainwashed bulgarians . 
  some definitely do of course and they happen to be among the loudest type , but i think if there is a stereotypical idea of macedonians here , it is more along the lines of `` ancient hellenic wannabes '' , not `` bulgarians that were brainwashed by the serbs to become greeks '' . 
  and even in the `` brainwashed bulgarians '' idea , the majority of the nationalists/right wing radicals that support it most likely refer mostly to the similarity of languages rather than ethnicity / national identity actually , it is well within even their intellectual capability to consider the fact that even if people in macedonia were indeed bulgarians 100 years ago , it is quite enough time for anyone to form their own nation / identity / stuff . 
  that looks very much the same as the orlandovci/malashevci districts of sofia , although they are somewhat improving , but say the same as orlandovci like 5 years ago . 
  i know it 's not 100 % fair comparison as it has some gypsy population , but it 's not a gypsy ghetto either . 
  and it 's basically not far away from the city centre . 
  but well , bulgaria has places like pernik ... its not that probably rundown and poor as that place you were in kumanovo , on the other hand i ca n't imagine a place more depressing than pernik . 
  probably there is somewhere in former ussr . 
  because it 's fucking ugly even by the worst ussr standards , because crowbars made all men equal , because a cheating pernik wife means a wife that is getting beaten by another man , because of the pernik drivers and because it 's scary overall and looks like a smaller version of detroit with zombies . 
  meh , lots of same shit in bulgaria as well . 
  i would n't impale them , but i would have some recidivist gypsy from the prison rape them all publicly in front of the parliament building . 
  one by one . 
  would n't mind him raping the cops too . 
  i once heard a joke here , it was about sofia 's mayor building a new metro line that ends at skopje so that people can ride the metro to disneyland . 
  ( the mayor is from the ruling gerb party and they all like to make a fuss about building metro lines and stations ... kinda the same way your vmro likes to make a fuss about those neoclassical monsters and statues ) . 
  anyway , i think that there are n't many slavic things left here , except for the language and the alphabet and even the language is rather simplified as compared to other slavic ones . 
  too many mixed genes and influences thorough the centuries i guess . 
  and this country was not formed as a slavic one to start with , despite the slavs being a significant part of the population then . 
  how dare you , 
  nope , just firmware update wo n't be enough . 
  there are far too many differences at `` physical layer '' despite the fact that the modulation is similar , cdma is used for multiplexing and l1/e1 center frequency is the same - e.g symbol rate differs , data coding differs and galileo generally requires more spectrum bandwidth . 
  a software defined radio that can sample at several tens of msps could do both gps and galileo gnss by software means only , but most commercial gnss receivers ... i doubt . 
  actually i am not sure a gps receiver patch antenna would be optimal for gallileo - as they are rather narrowband and their swr quickly rises outside the relatively small frequency range . 
  most gps antennas also has some stupid filtering such as a saw filter to prevent out-of-band interference and that would have to be replaced with a `` wider '' filter . 
  tldr ; in short there are far too many hardware differences to make a current commodity gnss receiver compatible to both gps and glonass just by means of a firmware update . 
  just not french this time . 
  wondering would she be so brave if blackwater were indeed fighting on ukraine 's side like russian media sometimes claim . 
  lol , youtube has a lot of his moronic videos . 
  i admit i never saw that one ( cause it was banned probably ) : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bcn-vcojtn4 ... today world is divided in two...euro-atlantic values vs orthodox ones . 
  euro-atlantic : paedophilia , gay marriages , incest , nato , military interventions , orthodox : traditions , family , faith that kind of explains it meh . 
  but ... hell nothing about muslims ? 
  how is that even possible ? 
  aaaaah that guy is a superhero . 
  a list of his feats : * went mad on a lufthansa flight to germany .
