i think we had ( still have ? ), 
  far-left too . 
  they just did n't survive / do n't thrive well . 
  i might be wrong on this though , i am not into that stuff , just happen to have a friend into it that wo n't stop `` educating '' me about it . 
  why do n't you guys just stop this fascist migrant quotas and let the poor migrant choose which countries they want to reside in ? 
  you evil nazis !, 
  meh , the closest one that i remember was `` radko mladic and arkan fucked you , it is our turn now '' ( playing against some bosnian team ) . 
  those guys are good at hardcore racist and offensive stuff . 
  they are expensive pieces of trash ? 
  ahem , nothing like the russian ubermenschen . 
  meh , ours are like that : http://i.pik.bg/news/113/660_c2e0f1c1f5003be603735d83998ad05f.jpg ( death to refugees ) ... and like that : http://www.mignews.info/wp-content/uploads/2013/11/levski-bezhantsi.jpg ( refugees - get out from bulgaria ), 
  meh http://www.euronews.com/2012/11/02/french-spies-attacked-in-bulgaria/, 
  101 years ago , ottoman empire ordered 2 battleships to britain , payment was made , war broke out , britain kept both the money and the ships . 
  soon after , the ottoman empire joins the central powers . 
  then soon after , the ottoman empire was no more . 
  i 'm sarcastic most of the time , just too lazy to add / s. 
  well afghanistan did n't . 
  it was n't like capturing kabul and most major towns halted the economy of afghanistan ( whatever it means ) and more than 80 % of the population already lived in remote villages in the highlands , outside soviet control . 
  afghanistan is a huge country with thousands of kilometers of land borders with sympathetic countries such as pakistan that armed them , provided volunteers and supplied ammo . 
  but even without international support , it is very likely that afghanistan would finally win that war , after all suffering high losses while reaping no benefits from it ( the only valuable resource afghanistan has is opium fields ) will decide it . 
  neither the british , nor ussr , nor even usa now managed to control it for a long time , it is not worth the cost and the losses you endure . 
  but norway has oil ... 
  that was after they basically razed it . 
  grozny looked worse than dresden after the bombings in ww2 . 
  most of the population is urban though and realistically if russia was indeed to invade norway , they would be able to take larger cities relatively fast . 
  then i doubt they 'll go after the guerilla forces in the mountains - they will rely on cold weather , lack of farming and problems with weapon supply to do their job . 
  and of course make it hard for the urban population each time there are guerilla raids , brutally supressing urban revolts , burning down everything related to local culture , installing secret police everywhere , heavy propaganda and stuff . 
  that did not work in afghanistan as their urban population was below 20 % , they were able to feed on their own there as they always did so blockades had little effect . 
  and of course , the usa armed and trained the talibans at that time . 
  well it 's not that the russians do n't have experience with occupying foreign territories either . 
  oh , come on . 
  indian , really ? 
  i always wondered what would happen to a northern european decadent democracy after an invasion by russia . 
  that would be really interesting to watch . 
  edit : especially the northern european interpretation of such fictional event . 
  those were ethnic conflicts where religion was used as nothing more than an self-determination and identity argument . 
  same with serbs vs croats really . 
  not that i am very religious , but to my knowledge , catholicism is just a branch of christianity , albeit the most prevalent . 
  the vatican does n't have any importance for orthodox or protestants for example . 
  yet , they do consider each other legit - that equivalence of the religious wars you have between shia and sunni in christianity actually happened centuries ago and noone cares about it today . 
  but being the border between yurop and kebap does though . 
  do n't worry , by the time we have the budget to afford new modern fighter jets , everyone would be using some kick-ass uavs that would operate autonomously with the kill decision offloaded to software . 
  the software development would be outsourced to some smiley indian guys with several months of opencv experience . 
  i thought he quit politics ? 
  though i might be wrong on this really . 
  i think that that contract is for modernization of six mig-29s until 2016 ( six more left for after 2016 , no contract signed yet ) . 
  we have overall 16 mig-29s , not sure about the remaining 4 ( i guess they will scrap them ) . 
  he also downvotes me  slu4ainos ? 
  ne mislq ! 1 !, 
  did n't know about this . 
  yes , russia has lots of reasons to hate him - his government pissed them off during the kosovo crisis and he set the course towards eu and nato irreversibly . 
  that said , he did a lot of stupid things too . 
  but yes , this guy did have balls , we do n't have politicians like him nowadays unfortunately . 
   not to mention russian attempted takeover of bulgarian government in 2001 ( bulgaria expelled russian diplomats over that ) . 
  i must have missed that . 
  but well , it 's not that russia never tried to interfere with our government . 
  well we do n't have a lot of external threats here really . 
  that russia-nato attrition changed it of course but anyway we had to support a huge army relative to our small country for the whole socialist era , facing two nato countries at our borders . 
  now we do n't . 
  most people have negative attitude towards the military for one or another reason and people are rather critical about increasing the mod budget . 
  after all it was n't that long when they were caught spending money on pink bmws and a congress center that never opened . 
  it is all russia 's fault . 
  i hope they are happy now , lost the contracts and no more arms twisting . 
  well they ( travel agencies ) do n't do that for northern greece for some reason ( halkidiki being a notable exception ) . 
  so we usually visit there in small groups , by car . 
  i can appreciate both ( since i have kids and it 's waaay more lazy to go all-inclusive - but it 's waaay more boring nevertheless ) . 
  nowadays though , the non-all-inclusive , by-car tourism on our seaside is much better ( and arguably cheaper ) in greece as compared to bulgaria - you just get better quality for the same money plus northern greece takes the same time to get to from sofia . 
  ah we had a lot . 
  especially about macedonia , it was like our obsession for a long time between ww1 and ww2 . 
  nowadays not really . 
  besides even if they were a mini-bulgaria , it would be way more fun if we had two bulgarias . 
  since the russians and tatars were so kind to destroy all the other bulgarias that we had . 
  imagine , we even had a muslim version of bulgaria , is n't that fun , 
  most bulgarians actually go to greece or turkey in the summer . 
  and it is actually cheaper in most cases , but then again its about tour operators that bring prices low - and weird enough germans , russians and romanians pay way less here than we do . 
  and not to say you do n't know about this - most of the restaurant owners in kavala for example speak bulgarian rather well , so it 's not that we rarely visit there , is n't it ? 
  you got ta be mad . 
  same thing as the romantic `` macedonia is bulgaria '' bullshit some nutters here truly believe into . 
  that would not appear sophisticated . 
  we drink rakia heavily , get berserk , start fighting with people around , then stop fighting , start singing patriotic songs , bashing turkey , greece , macedonia , serbia , romania and the black sea . 
  then snort some amphetamines , get even more berserk and go out to beat and shoot at gypsies and syrians . 
  not really , but the media is somewhat working on creating that stereotype . 
  there is even a joke about that , an american , a turk , a bulgarian and a gypsy were on a plane in a storm and the pilot said `` guys , we are too heavy and unless we dispose some unneeded luggage , we 're going to crash down '' . 
  the american immediately took his laptop , camera and tablet and threw them off the plane . 
  the turk got a bag of gold out of nowhere , looked at it sadly and threw it off . 
  the bulgarian looked at the bottles of rakia he brought very sadly , tears in his eyes . 
  then he pushed the gypsy off the plane . 
  this guy donates his backyard to the russian government to build a military base here : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ijtt7qwhwhk i believe we will have military parity then ... we will be saved from the imminent us conquest . 
  well how do i know they were n't manipulated in favor of the anti-nato crowd ? 
  like they being even less than what 's reflected in the official results ? 
  i do n't . 
  the rest are just beliefs ... and wishful thinking . 
  i prefer working with facts , not beliefs . 
  i am also a bit sceptic about beliefs especially if they are against simple maths . 
  no , when it is about russia , then they are ` patriots ' . 
  the rest are ` fascists ' . 
  well if you are right about it , then that would mean that there are far more gypsies in the country as compared to putin-loving bulgarians . 
  i wo n't be surprised actually . 
  check if they were circumcised ? 
  eheh .
