  it is probably not the top conspiracy theory , but it is likely the most embarassing one ... 
  in the end of 80s , the locals of a small village named tsarichina reported a number of ufo sightings and weird phenomena . 
  in 1990 , just after the fall of communismm some crazy woman with self-claimed psychic abilities convinced an army general that alien artifacts exist burried below the village . 
  so they actually sent a team of engineers and military personnel , digged a 180-meters long tunnel underground , spent about ten millions from the budget for that thing until the new government cancelled the project in 1992 and accused the general of abusing government money . 
  what fueled the conspiracy theories initially was the thick layer of concrete they built to seal the tunnel , the secrecy around the excavation site . 
  this was the embarrassing part . 
  the conspiracies started after some soldiers participating in that started claiming all kinds of bullshit - from digging out alien artifacts through regular ufo sightings to alien contact . 
  there are some urban myths like that of the hippie that slept one night in a tent set up near the concrete seal - and they found him the next day scared to death with no memory of the night , his mental health never recovering after that . 
  the funniest thing is that the government spent millions on digging that stupid tunnel then sealing it . 
  the conspiracy stories might well be invented by them as a cover up for blowing millions of money . 
  i once read that the files on tsarichina case are still classified as `` secret '' and not disclosed , which is even funnier . 
  edit : through google translate : https://translate.google.bg/translate?sl=bg&amp;tl=en&amp;js=y&amp;prev=_t&amp;hl=en&amp;ie=utf-8&amp;u=http%3a%2f%2fwww.info-universe.net%2fotkasi%2f12-tzarichina-dupka&amp;edit-text=, 
  hungary for some unknown reason . 
  i guess because the flags are similar . 
  imperialist dog , i know you are now listening to my comms and watching me over from your huge reconaissance satellites , but there is no way you put me in gitmo . 
  and just fucking do n't try to send your abduction teams cause our spetznaz will kick their puny asses . 
  russia strong , russia rids the world of single-sex marriages and worthless polish vodka . 
  ... at the very same time , fascist european airline planes above leave dangerous chemtrails , spraying the innocent orthodox population with some devious chemical agent developed by cia . 
  it converts little russian kids into faggots . 
  thanks god there is the russian army ... err the polite green men - in a selfless defence against the evils of the west , protecting slavs all over the world from travesty and perversion . 
  the fucking americans activated the goddamn haarp again !!!, 
  scared the hell out of me ... * gulp gulp gulp * uh so what was i talking about ... yes , about true orthodox values . 
  did you know what our prophet , the fortune-teller juna once said about the renaissance of russian power ? 
  poor siderov ... no more cuban beaches , no more scandals at bruxelles restaurants , no more adventures on the planes , no more pizza protests . 
  bulgarian internet will never be the same without all those putin trolls :(, 
  you got ta try our beer experiments inspired by the germans , haha . 
  it 's like betting on a horse race . 
  each summer they develop something even weirder than the previous year . 
  it is either a big win or a big fail . 
  this year it 's lemons and sambucus fruits . 
  really helps in the hot days , they got it right , 
  tarator is different , it has more water in it , 
  means exactly the same here . 
  `` na kafevo '' - literally means `` on brown '' or `` you do heroin '' - which is lowest of the low and they use it for cops . 
  usually like `` your kids on brown '' . 
  in contrast to `` the white one '' they most are on . 
  `` na sapun '' - that is related to turning human fats to soap using potassium base or something - allegedly a nazi practice in the concentration camps , though it 's disputed . 
  a racial slur that they turned into something common , so the bad guys need to be turned into soap cause i guess they are subhumans . 
  or at least that is how the football hoolie brain works . 
  `` ushev e prase '' - here `` ushev '' means `` a cop '' ( etymology of that - not quite sure ) - means `` cops are pigs '' or some local version of acab in other words . 
  not to mention all the regional varieties of that , it 's kinda fun . 
  you think our army is that rich to support a football team in the first division ? 
  openvpn tunnels are regular ssl traffic . 
  it is not like it is not very hard to fool someone that is eavesdropping the traffic into thinking this is just a https connection or something . 
  today 's dpi products detect it based on simple bayesian analysis on the traffic flows . 
  it is debatable whether they speak bulgarian too , but once they have them , its not our problem anymore . 
  on a second thought , they just need to scream bullshit like `` na kafevo '' , `` na sapun '' and `` ushev e prase '' , that 's quite enough for a verbal communication . 
  the rest are monkey gestures and angry looks . 
  hey you want our cska hooligans ? 
  their team is like schrodinger 's cat right now - hidden somewhere in a black box and noone knows whether we 'll find it dead or alive when the box is opened . 
  until then , they have no team so they are desperate for some action . 
  they would gladly beat some albanians for you , just need to shout the magic words `` muslims ahead '' . 
  so please take those guys with you , they would be your valuable ally . 
  well , we just need to think how to prevent them from attacking you . 
  vardar 's colors had red ? 
  i think that would be a good starting point . 
  poor crimea :(, 
  me wants volga bulgaria territories too , but i guess the russians wo n't be happy about that . 
  i think they were protesting against the plans of the municipality to build an appartment building out of fears that the municipality will relocate gypsies that had their illegally built houses bulldozed . 
  for ages ... that 's highly doubtful . 
  more like for a couple of years . 
  cider ... as with carling , strongbow and stuff ? 
  i think it 's all imported , should be very much the same as in romania . 
  i do n't think any of it is produced here . 
  i believe it is widespread , there is n't any specific region where they prepare it . 
  people spread it on toast here as well , though i never had it in that form , prefer it as appetizer . 
  but there are variations ( do n't know how/if they correlate with geographic regions ) . 
  e.g some have peppers/tomato juice , other is just eggplants and garlic . 
  i do n't like the pepper/tomatoes type , reminds me of a bad version of lyuteniza . 
  it 's still very cheap , but they got rather `` internationalized '' and kind of lost its face . 
  and yes , lazy cook foods are common . 
  especially on the seaside . 
  and as far as local cuisine goes , there is this trend to turn the restaurants into some flying circus with fake wells and fake donkey carts and that garlic hanging from the walls , put some traditional folk outfit and carpets and then it looks soooo exotic that noone bothers about the food and drinks . 
  though there are still some authentic places that serve real food and they are mostly in little towns on the balkan mountain . 
  i do n't think we have the same thing here , but we have something similar that we call '' [ kiopoolu ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/kyopolou ) '' , it is of turkish origin . 
  but it 's different , the eggplants are mashed and tomatoes are optional ( i personally like the no-tomatoes version better ) . 
  it also has mashed garlic inside . 
  and they usually put parsley on top of it just like on your photo . 
  though onions - almost never , sometimes they put olives , but that 's rare too . 
  i was wondering where that ` zacusca ' comes from though ... it 's definitely not something you 'd have for breakfast . 
  edit : yes - according to the wikipedia article zacusca = = kyopoolu, 
  . . if it was n't for the data roaming fees :(, 
  there is no way we invented breakfast . 
  we offer higher bribes than you do for them coming here , 
  that 's just too bad  well otoh lots of the good stuff here can not be exported in any form , that 's why we are kind of keen on developing tourism . 
  even though we fucked it up recently . 
  that would be `` mamaligari ''  indeed , cucumbers are much more rarely to be seen in romanian salads ... for dunno reason . 
  we kinda like cucumbers , got ta admit it , we mix it with yoghurt even . 
  and `` mamaliga '' is something most people here find a bit strange really . 
  btw after 2007 , i heard so many stories about romanians fascinated by our cuisine ( which i find weird cause its typical balkan one , the turkish influence and all that salads and meat stuff ) . 
  at that time folk restaurants in ruse and supermarkets were crowded with romanian guys , i found that kind of stupid cause there should n't be a lot of a difference . 
  imagine my surprise when i visited bucharest and found out that romanian cuisine actually tasted better ( except for the meat part , there were just too much fats - and except for that mamaliga thing of course i would n't dare to try , it looks frightening ) . 
  romanians somewhat like the salads here , i liked the salads in romania better to be honest . 
  and i like the way you order something and they serve you a big fucking dish of delicious food , unlike what you 'd get in most places here . 
  wat whoaaa i see so much land you took from us that i did not know was ever ours . 
  you bastards better give it back right now , 
  anti-corruption and boyko borisov in the same sentence does n't make a lot of sense , you know , 
  i am talking for real  greeks were great buddies but they recently god mad with all that communist shit . 
  turkey is ... well good neighbours but it 's turkey . 
  and thankfully serbia is getting sane good neighbour , no more shooting and wars  but none of them share as many problems as we share with you apparently .
