  i was literelly riding the bus on the same route and two hours after pkk wrecked one in a bomb attack . 
  anyway , pkk is completely a turkish problem . 
  isis is not . 
  this may sound cynical but pkk is not a threat to europe . 
  isis on the other hand is . 
  i thought macedonians with their greater macedonia are fun . 
  just like today i was in a small town of pazarjik here and i noticed a graffiti like `` we remember neuilly '' ( a post-ww1 treaty according to which greater bulgaria was basically dead ) . 
  i was wondering who the hell remembers neuilly , he got ta be 110 years old . 
  crazy shit . 
  here is what gypsies think about refugees : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zjeqsk_szgw definitely needs a translation , but in short it 's about syrians cutting this guy 12 times with a knife , he got mad , got about 40 of his friends for a vengeance but police stopped him . 
  the interesting follows : `` i demand that those are relocated , otherwise i will put them all on fire . 
  they could not finish me but i will finish them all '' . 
  `` they threatened that they will enter the ghetto and kill us all . 
  the government should terminate them somehow . 
  we do n't want them s'rians here '' . 
  you want some of our gypsies , haha . 
  import russian mafia guys . 
  they will slaughter those grenade throwing amateurs in a couple of days ... and then everyone will uh ... be happy . 
  not even bicycle lanes can defeat a lafka . 
  yep , but russians also fund political parties and media here without us being in the schengen area . 
  how would entering it make a any difference ? 
  in fact , what i fear most about going there is that relatively big investments would need to be made in our current border checkpoints , airports , both the ones facing schengen countries and those who do n't . 
  and there would be people losing their jobs there , and i do n't mean just the corrupt officers . 
  but those are short-term negatives and the positive sides ( for us having most of our exports go to the eu ) massively outweigh them . 
   what i find doubtful is the claim that smuggling will suddenly turn not profitable for the bulgarians involved . 
  my line of thinking is simple - you find a way to smuggle it in bulgaria and then you find a way to smuggle it into schengen . 
  bulgaria being into schengen will only kill off the profits for the other party , not for the bulgarians involved . 
  it would still be profitable of course although less so . 
  in the specific case of heroin , it is already less profitable since its usage is steadily declining since mid 90s . 
  it would not make sense if the heroin they are hypotethically smuggling in eu was theirs . 
  it is not . 
  bulgaria is a transit country . 
  except for small quantities of synthetic drugs produced here that are shipped to the middle east , our ` role ' on the map is mostly related to trafficking . 
  the people that own the heroin are mostly based in turkey , not bulgaria . 
  there is nothing that currently prevents foreign criminals to cooperate with local ones and i frankly do n't see how schengen borders have anything to do with it . 
  russian drugs whether they go through poland and baltics is simply because that 's the shortest route . 
  then again , you may start a poll here asking poles and balts whether they want to give up their schengen membership just because some shady russians send drugs through their country . 
  what do you mean by `` open access '' ? 
  is it currently closed access ? 
  nothing more than one border check less would happen to them . 
  which ironically means less corruption overall . 
  i expect their profits to shrink actually because the profits that you make on smuggling stuff are proportional to the difficulty of doing it . 
  does that answer the question ? 
  again i fail to see any logic in your statement . 
  yes , i do believe crime and corruption should be opposed at all means . 
  what does that have to do with bulgaria being in schengen ? 
  does europe have a shortage of heroin that our entry will ` fix ' ? 
  how does heroin goes to europe without bulgaria being part of schengen area ? 
  yes , it is certainly possible that corrupt authorities may allow a ship loaded with heroin ( lol ) . 
  and so what ? 
  everyday , several people here die in car accidents . 
  are you proposing that we ban automobiles ? 
  what 's your point actually , cause from what i read it is all about getting your mafia friends into prison and entering schengen would somehow prevent this from happening . 
  there are no criminals and mafia in schengen area ? 
  italy ? 
  no tax evasion ? 
  greece ? 
  no corruption ? 
  practically half the continent . 
  what exactly is so special about the schengen zone ? 
  too bad for your friend , if we get into schengen , they would get relocated to mk/sr border and drive their porsche on the bumpy roads there : /, 
  i like it . 
  more seaside . 
  i really do n't think isis want to mess up with turkey ... they will regret that for sure . 
  turks will smash this brainwashed gang in less than a week if they wanted to . 
  what would be the next stupid idea ? 
  attack russia maybe ? 
  well , we have like 15 % muslims here and none of them that i know of does not eat pork . 
  they are not at all afraid of going to hell or something , we are just not religious . 
  it is completely possible that some of the policemen that did that were muslims too . 
  i have lots of muslim friends here . 
  i think they all hate the islamists coming from middle east and afghanistan with passion . 
  even more than us non-muslims . 
  speaking of me , i am officially orthodox , but i am completely atheist , religion does n't mean anything to me . 
  and to most of the people here actually.communism aftermath i believe , it just eradicates religion . 
  religion becomes more of an identity thing and a set of stupid rituals you perform because the rest of your family does it . 
  e.g imposing restrictions on abortion here due to religeous motives would be fairly impossible . 
  or like spending millions on rennovating and building churches - it would be met with uproar as we have way more important stuff to do like building the highway network . 
  in russia it is the opposite , which is really weird , but again people there accept religion more as an identity thing , not really believe in it . 
  p.s actually there is a strange exception - i know two guys from iran and i have heard more stories about that - they are not at all religious as well . 
  and they did not have communism and their state is not at all secular . 
  i do n't know why is that , perhaps it 's statistically unimportant . 
  if they covered ee , they would have found out communism is very successful in eradicating religion, 
  i have a friend that was caught with some marijuana . 
  he spent two days in arrest and told me about some islamist they caught trying to pass to romania . 
  policemen gave him some pork salami ( he did not know about it being pork ) , he ate it and they told him `` now that you had pork , you will eternally burn in hell '' . 
  the guy tried to vomit , he could n't then he spent the afternoon praying in the cell , everyone laughing at him . 
  policemen visited him from time to time , reminding him `` you are going to hell , you know ? '', 
  look like they do that to each muslim that tries to bring counterfeit stuff or drugs through the border . 
   you think current syriza are communists?lol . 
  i think syriza is populist but their electorate is communist whether or not they admit it . 
  it is the same , believe me . 
  it was neither your choice nor our choice . 
  it was the choice of churchill , roosevelt and stalin . 
  neither bulgaria nor greece had anything to choose . 
  greece being not under stalin sphere of influence was entirely due to british stubornness and had nothing to do with people 's choice . 
  again it makes me wonder if it was about choice , would n't you would readily choose comecon and its socialism the same way you voted for syriza . 
  but then again , it was not about choice . 
  i bet you 'd like people 's ( kangoroo ) court better . 
  or labor camps .
