  except for my neighbours staring strange at me at moments ( and once having a nice conversation about easter traditions which kinda made me laugh ) , secret services did not visit me ... yet . 
  should i be worried ? 
  i mean sometimes its funny to listen to `` alllaaaaaah akbar ! '', 
  repeated countless times . 
  this reminds me of the time the first muslim immigrants started to flood in , which had two consequences - first one is the muslims in sofia demanded land to build a second mosque which was not granted so they started praying on the streets around the only one . 
  which in turn pissed of the far-right party of ataka ( then using the anti-muslim rhetorics , now transformed to a putin-praising ) . 
  some activists of ataka gathered around the mosque and started a fight . 
  soon after that , another far-right extremists formed something very much resembling ss - young nazis dressed in brown uniforms `` taking care of the order as the police is helpless to deal with the problem '' . 
  what they did is randomly beating someone that looks muslim or black . 
  they got disbanded after one night , they almost killed a young man that they confused with an \u00efslamic extremist '' and he turned out to be a bulgarian with turkic roots . 
  he survived , but he got blind and suffered brain damage . 
  he repeatedly asked them to stop , but they did not . 
  cause you can not do that in the eu . 
  in a way yes  that 's why they switched routes . 
  kicking and beating is universally understood i believe , 
  hah , i bet they do n't understand the orders . 
  most of the policemen sent on emergency to assist border police do not speak any foreign language , it would be kind of exception if they speak english or russian . 
  most syrians do not understand both , they are poor villagers , most of them . 
  but well , they are lucky - during the communist era , border police ( then part of the army ) would just shoot at them at sight with no warning at all.and they would get a week off or even promotion for shooting the poor motherfucker . 
  i guess cuffing them , sending them back to turkish side and then letting them off is kinda more humane . 
  smashing those guys with battons and kicking them as if they are the lowest subhuman scum is well ... probably effective , but i would n't work that job definitely . 
  there are kids too that get the same treatment . 
  i do n't know , maybe europe could be more hard hearted . 
  anyway , i can understand the position of `` let them travel free to the northern/western countries that soooo much like to scold us for treating them like this , then see what they will do '' . 
  it was the same with gypsies actually , recently the european court ruled against power meters mounted high / remote reporting energy meters in ghettos cause they somewhat messed with their human rights . 
  if only we could relocate stolipinovo to strasbourg , they would then start thinking differently . 
  definitely . 
  i was about to start sympathizing to those guys when i watched some youtube video from a syrian tv regarding how our border police dealt with the problem - they literally kicked them back to the turkish border and i can tell you that what i saw was not just police brutality - it was disgusting , they were treating them as if they were some kind of animals . 
  then again , one of the detention centers is about half a kilometer away from my office and i can see how it becomes more and more like an islamic state . 
  those guys are not refugees , they are economic migrants . 
  they are refugees in turkey , but passing another border , they are no more refugees . 
  and we have enough problems with islamists funded by saudi arabia that brainwash gypsies in the ghettos , our local muslim population hates them in the guts so do most of us . 
  i am at the seaside right now . 
  two days ago they found an ak-74 burried between some rocks at the beach about 10 kilometers away . 
  hope it has nothing to do with isis and more to do with local mafia . 
  really . 
  we try to deal with the problem , the eu accuses us of being too violent ... but looks like it made a point - their route is via macedonia and serbia now . 
  well i did n't want to sound racist/sarcastic , and in reality it is a huge problem here as well . 
  all the refugee centers are packed with people , in the northern parts of sofia downtown , bulgarians became a minority in just like 1-2 years , we 've got crime issues with those guys and hundreds of policemen were relocated to the turkish border to assist the border police . 
  we also spent millions on some crappy fence and night vision cameras . 
  p.s funny to see how the socialists that are otherwise the most vocal supporters of immigrants kinda shut up after the country was flooded by them . 
  it was like `` omg , some of them may be islamists , we should increase the wages of the policemen right now '', 
  build a wall . 
  like we did and also hungary ... uh wait . 
  to be honest , it has much more to do with extreme populism . 
  anyway , yeah socialdemocracy , the human face of communism . 
  reminds me of our communist dictator that once said `` you are going to decide ? 
  no you are not going to decide . 
  you 've got no money . 
  you can not decide anything . 
  as you have no money , ha-ha-ha '' . 
  they did investigate the case with that car . 
  it was bought by someone from syria , it was never declared stollen , it passed the turkish border soon after that ... and well , it ended on a isis pr video . 
  other than that , we had a serious problem with car thefts in 90s ... now it 's much less common . 
  high time you guys start building the communist utopia . 
  looks like you always wanted it . 
  i find it a horrible irony that greece did not go under stalin 's sphere of influence after ww2 . 
  glad it 's exports not imports . 
  that 's a bmw x5 with registration plate from my hometown used by isis for a suicide attack : http://static.fakti.bg/news2014/135726/6f2722307775598566360f4a1528d340_big.jpg, 
  it must be tsipras ' communists burning down the property of the kulaks, 
  - uh damn , vanyusha , looks like we hit a passenger jet . 
  - who gives a damn , boris . 
  it 's full of dead eurofaggots . 
  - k , let 's get their credit cards before they claim them missin ', 
  i do n't eat cheese . 
  well without sirene it 's more like meshana salata but again without sirene . 
  funny to mention that , once in a pub in czech republic i was n't able to find a salad that looks familiar until ... i noticed shopska salata in the deserts section ( that 's for real ) . 
  i told the waiter `` can i have one '' and he was kinda shocked . 
  then i added `` without the cheese please '' and now he was looking at me as if i am an alien from other planet . 
  imo czech cuisine is so drastically different than balkan one , it 's weird as if we live on separate continents, 
  this one : http://img01.olx.bg/images_prodavalnikcom/55126698_2_585x461_kupuvam-emaylirani-tabeli-snimki.jpg comrades , fleas and leeches are leftovers from capitalism . 
  i think in some dialects here they use `` seram '' meaning `` i shit '' ... but not `` sram '', 
  ah yes and the famous zhivkov speech when opening a semiconductors factory - `` this year - a semiconductor factory . 
  next year - a real conductor factory '' . 
  not 100 % if he said so or it is an urban myth though , but it 's funny . 
  it means something like `` one bad item leaving the factory - shame for the whole team '' . 
  the funny thing is that '' \u0431\u0440\u0430\u043a '' also means `` marriage '' so that could be interpreted as `` a single marriage in the factory - shame for the whole team '' . 
  that was a sign in military barracks i saw once , but ca n't find a link to the image . 
  literally that means : `` remember that behind wall street hides the gentleman-bandit , he sends his vultures at us . 
  remember that and be careful at your post so that enemies grind their teeth ( in anger ) '' it kinda rhymes in bulgarian but only in the western accents , which i find funny . 
  i would n't be surprised - indeed local administration in ruse is corrupt as hell . 
  do n't be so happy about this , this is just showing off , trying to avoid court reforms . 
  in a way - you see current system works , no need to change anything . 
  and this guy is just a small fish indeed . 
  i guess workers unions will be pissed off . 
  that damn keyboard :(, 
  luna , luna , macedonian soil . 
  are we going to divide it as well ? 
  there is no sane private medical university in sofia so i am afraid your cousin is being scammed into tutoring that into some shitplace , if i were in his shoes , i 'd really question the diplomas they give out . 
  other than this , i really think we should not enter the eurozone and pay for government-employed parasites . 
  we still have far too many of them here to take care of first . 
  i would n't mind if germans or french take care of your overblown public sector , but it it not our job to do so , sorry . 
  that said , i would personally donate for humanitarian or whatever cause related to greece . 
  but greece 's public sector , hell no way - just grow up , get real and stop begging . 
  also finally get to work . 
  you do n't believe they do no work ? 
  you do n't believe your parents employed by government do basically nothing ? 
  well , welcome to that dilemma we had in the 90s . 
  you think you 'd get the pension you deserve ? 
  you think your parents working for the government will get the pension they deserve ?
