  threw food at the floor , shouted racist slurs at flight attendants , called the german policeman at the airport `` a nazi '' * went mad in a bruxelles pub , threatened the waiters , spilled wine bottles on the table and refused to pay the check * went mad in a sofia-varna flight , threatened a french diplomat then punched a policeman at the airport * pioneered the use of a table at protests ( his buddies hold the table over his head to protect him because ... uhm protesters throw stuff at him ) . 
  probably because he repeatedly calls them `` boiko 's whores '' * attacked together with his buddies a journalist repeatedly demanding that he should say he is sorry * at another protest , he shouted `` sergey , gay gay gay gay gay gay sergey '' then he went into a coallition with that sergey guy . 
  ( p.s found it haha https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=okc1p-6-nmu ) * organized a big fight against the muslims in front of sofia 's mosque * repeatedly calls someone he does n't like `` a gypsy '' or `` a turk '' for some reason . 
  and yes ... his brutal pr clips for euro / national votes that always get banned ... such as this : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xn4clkczo8s, 
  in terms of taxonomy , they are all descendants of homo bolshevikus , also known as bkp , the former communist party , the mother of people up until 1989 . 
  anyway here are they , by genus and species : idiotus milicionerium - also known as gerb . 
  evolved from the security apparatus of bkp , mostly from the so called people 's millitia , state security and even the firefighter units . 
  populists widely associated with corruption and nepotism . 
  the alpha male is narcissistic , yet the most intelligent of the flock with iq between 50 and 60 . 
  putin wannabe - former firefighter , police general , professional football player , has karate black belt , tennis player , doctor honoris causa at pernik technical university of putka ( which by chance also means a female reproductive organ ) . 
  they are nowadays mostly found in government administration . 
  debilis nomenclatura - a.k.a bsp or more widely known as the `` red thrash '' . 
  descendants of bolshevik nomenklatura . 
  wannabe socialists , known to be the only socialists that are rich oligarchs at the same time . 
  well known for corruption and abusing eu funds . 
  they are in the red book now , endangered of extinction . 
  they also abuse alchohol and have the dumbest internet trolls on the planet . 
  ottomanus pederastum - known as dps . 
  just like gerb , stemming from state security of people 's republic of bulgaria . 
  minority/liberal party wannabe but many of them are ethnic bulgarians . 
  also known as the `` corporate party '' . 
  extreme nepotism and corruption . 
  they tend to corrupt anything they touch . 
  known for deliberately creating and destroying a bank monster with 2 billion euro magically disappearing . 
  can be found in gypsy ghettos and some villages in southern and north-eastern bulgaria . 
  also in luxury estates around sofia . 
  homo pseudoreformatorus - a.k.a the block of reformists . 
  wannabe reformists known for spoiling and sabotaging almost all of the reforms they promised and started . 
  they are not a consequence of natural evolution , but rather genetic engineering - introducing democratic genes into ancestors of homo bolshevikus . 
  can be found mostly in hipster places in larger cities . 
  psychopatus putlerastum - known as ataka . 
  mentally challenged freaks , possible cause : excessive incests among some species of homo bolshevikus . 
  known for the idiotic idea to increase the minimum salary to 1000 eur and for their desire to depart eu and nato and join the glorious russian empire . 
  ex-nationalists , anti-muslim , anti-turkish , anti-jewish , anti-greek , anti-serbian , anti-romanian and anti-black sea . 
  but that niche became too small for them and the new incoming players , so they switched priorities and are putin 's prophets nowadays . 
  noone takes them seriously and they are probably going extinct as well due to inability to reproduce . 
  can be found in low-life village and small town pubs . 
  idiotus patriotarii - a.k.a the patriotic front . 
  right-wing nationalist wannabes . 
  known for nothing and good for nothing . 
  scientists discovered state security genes in some of them . 
  p.s to make things even more interesting , currently we have a coallition of debilis milicionerum , homo pseudoreformatorus , idiotus patriotarii and a breakup of debilis nomenclatura . 
  the `` opposition '' is what remained from debilis nomenclatura plus ottomanus pederastum . 
  but in fact , idiotus milicionerum like ottomanus pederastum and vice versa so everything is actually about things remaining the same and sabotaging any attempt to reform anything . 
  and they all are sooo afraid of what 's happening in romania that the media propaganda ( media mostly controlled by idiotus milicionerum and ottomanus pederastum ) is throwing shit like crazy against it . 
  even idiotus milicionerum 's alpha male recently said that bulgaria will overtake romania in any possible aspect in six months . 
  of course his followers that have iq below 50 believe that crap . 
  reminds me of long forgotten times . 
  not quite optimistic , indeed . 
  it 's not that horrible considering the fact that outside sofia and several bigger cities , grey economy is much more prevalent . 
  it is a common practice to work officially at minimal wage and get the rest `` under the table '' to avoid taxes . 
  statistics do not `` cover '' those cases for obvious reasons . 
  but for unskilled/uneducated workers , things are usually very bad . 
  however , indeed unless you work in it , pharma or some rare engineering niche that seeks highly skilled people then you either have to be part of middle management or have some profitable business , otherwise things are not very good either . 
  it is a particularily good choice as demand is very high , juniors usually get eur 1000 or more , seniors 2000-3000 . 
  but that 's in sofia , outside it is more like 500-1000 . 
  and doing shitty php stuff tends to be underpaid just like everywhere else . 
  thanks , stalin !, 
  i imagine the balkan part as follows : after a few pints , things suddenly go horribly wrong , rakia / raki and ouzo/mastika materializes magically on the tables and music switches to something loud with female vocals and a characteristic oriental rhytm . 
  greece is already drunk and throws dishes on the floor . 
  bulgaria is periodically having some quarrels with serbia that from time to time become violent , but they end as fast as they start and it all gets peaceful again , with bulgaria and serbia bashing together the big guy turkey which is to blame for all the human tragedy on planet earth - and besides he is a muslim which by itself is a good reason to be hated with passion . 
  romania is also drunk but unlike most of the others , it 's calm , looking peacefully at the others and trying to start conversations with serbia and bulgaria , yet it does n't quite get their accent . 
  suddenly macedonia comes out of nowhere , dressed in antic tunic and nike sneakers and starts yelling at greece . 
  greece is also yelling at macedonia and it is all about something stolen , but noone knows what exactly was that . 
  bulgaria , upon noticing this , comes instantly because it does not want to miss the `` seir '' . 
  but then macedonia starts yelling at bulgaria too . 
  bulgaria recognizes macedonia as its retarded little cousin it has n't met for years . 
  macedonia accuses bulgaria of being a gypsy and they start a quarrel over some stolen items - again noone has the slightest idea what items it is about - not even bulgaria and macedonia . 
  for quite some time greece and bulgaria are cursing macedonia and vice versa with macedonia threatening it will kick their asses and both greece and bulgaria laughing at those hollow threats . 
  at the same time , serbia , bosnia and croatia have started a serious bloody fight over the remaining rakia , chairs are flying , glasses crash at heads . 
  bouncers try to restore order but they ca n't so they call the police . 
  police calms them down using battons and pepper spray . 
  slovenia stays away , laughing at all those idiots while albania takes advantage of all that mess and steals serbia 's watch . 
  serbia notices that and is rather pissed off . 
  a serious fight is about to erupt but police is called once again . 
  the big guy turkey is trying to be friendly with everyone except for greece for some reason , but most are reserved towards him because he looks a bit scary and because he is a muslim . 
  earlier when most were kids , he was the neighbourhood bully , humiliating and beating other kids , robbing them of their pocket money and sandwiches . 
  moldova and ukraine do n't have enough money so they bring some homemade vodka they secretly drink when bartenders and waiters do n't look at them because the bar policy forbids you from bringing drinks from outside . 
  they wonder why retarded idiots such as the balkanites can afford drinks , but they do n't know that their rakia is brought from home too - balkanites just do n't care about bar policy and the bar itself does n't want to provoke unnecessary tension as they may start another browl and cause enough damage to the bar , so they kinda close their eyes to violations like this . 
  besides , russians may come to the vacant balkan tables which would be even worse as they are known to bring guns and shoot at the waiters who are too slow to bring them another bottle of vodka . 
  moldova is friend with romania and romania treats it some tsuika . 
  everyone thinks ukraine is a criminal , however bulgaria , serbia , romania and albania have criminal records at least as long as ukraine 's . 
  montenegro is that kind of secretive guy noone knows well except for serbia as they are relatives . 
  widespread rumors are ( balkanites like rumors , ufos , conspiracy theories and stuff more than most ) that it is a russian spy . 
  or a drugs dealer . 
  no bar fights ? 
  the balkan table ? 
  impossible . 
  after so much drinking ? 
  on the english table they 'd start gun duels , on the french table they 'd start rapier duels and on the balkan table , the bulgarian will engage in a bulgarian duel , that is the guy brings ten of his friends and they beat the hell out of his opponent altogether . 
  czech republic for sure . 
  baltics are too cold . 
  poland is too big , hungary is too stagnant , slovenia is too boring , balkans are too much balkan , moldova is too poor , ukraine is too violent , turkey is too religious , russia is too ... uhm russian . 
  is it the same pkk ? 
  i thought that is kind of a political party with a terrorist paramilitary group attached to it . 
  so they have the same party in iraq and syria ? 
  yeah , but pkk operates within turkey , it is not an external enemy , so how are the other nato members going to proceed ? 
  send armies to turkey ? 
  i was in turkey the same year when pkk bombed public transportation the same place i used it . 
  it was kinda fun , everyday we got phone calls are we ok and stuff .
