  yeah , looks like everyone tries to use it as an excuse for the elections outcome that does n't fit their political taste . 
  like i 've heard a lot of times `` if people voted rather than picking mushrooms , the communists and the turks would be long gone '' or something . 
  and then again - if the elections are manipulated , why would exactly the americans manipulate them and not the russians ? 
  it 's not that russia does n't have enough experience with manipulating elections , both domestic and foreign . 
  innovative method of protecting a beautiful mind from stones and bottles thrown by the hordes of protesters paid by soros , serving to american interests ? 
  anyway , [ this ] ( http://m.netinfo.bg/media/images/7340/7340520/655-402-volen-siderov-pod-masata-pred-stolichnata-centrala-na-ataka.jpg ) it is only needed when he and his friends do n't have the superior numbers . 
  in that case , [ no tables are needed ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kgxlutziwrm ) . 
  the 2014 parliamentary elections were much more hard to manipulate though and the result was again about 4 % . 
  so it is either a conspiracy , or it just turns out that the pro-russian bulgarians are just the among the most vocal minorities . 
  i believe the poll results more or less prove it . 
  the anti-us pro-russian party did get ... like 4 % or something . 
  the course was determined long before that . 
  it was around that time that cremlin propaganda levels in europe were at its peak . 
  rogozin talking about slingshots and going on an eu trip on a strategic bomber . 
  at that time i was on the seaside , in 10 days i got woken up two times early in the morning by our rusty migs that were sent because the russians intruded our airspace . 
  so yes - it was too late then . 
  and russia definitely did not want any talks , they needed crimea more than peacefully resolving the crisis . 
  ahem , the talks were kind of `` crimea is ours and there is nothing that you can do about it '' - `` ok , then sanctions for you '' . 
  honestly would you would expect from that ? 
  russia withdrawing its `` tourists '' because merkel told them so ? 
  or eu dropping sanctions because putin is the great powerful russian superman ? 
  same here , it 's getting boring . 
  and their points lack creativity nowadays , they are getting absurd like `` nato dumps feces in the sea to scare russian tourists away '' . 
  russia is too stronk to communicate with eurofaggots . 
  volen is too busy cleaning up the nato feces at lozenec beach ... cause sea streams may bring them to the shores of krimnash ... 
  well on the bright side , russian propaganda here is on the rapid decline . 
  budget cuts i guess . 
  10790 people managed to get through the paperwork hell and bad-tempered state administration to apply for asylum here ? 
  looks like our bureaucrats fail at everything they do . . 
  getting raped by a blonde swedish female got ta be a traumatic experience ... 
  lol lol lol !!!, 
  i do agree . 
  not a good luck to live between that and europe . 
  i really hope you do n't forget ataturk 's legacy and fuck everything like they did . 
  it would be very damn bad . 
  the orthodox greece and bulgaria would be soon to bend to what would follows , really , all those misunderstandings that we had in the past look so funny nowadays . 
  which means basically hungary/slovakia/poland . 
  cause those are the external schengen borders . 
  and greece closing them ... good luck . 
  errr not into krisko 's stuff really , not into hip-hop to be honest . 
  but i do somewhat enjoyed stuff like `` gosho ot pochivka '' and those varna guys like 100kila and misho shamara a long time ago . 
  my tastes are more like that ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zd_dhgcxw6c - my silhouette is somewhere there  ) also , i 'd rather ignore any comments made on anything that comes from bulgaria , it 's like ... well you 'd expect a civil war is going to erupt anytime . 
  at the same time noone really takes that seriously . 
  but well , i assume you never read any local football hooliganism-related stuff , i occasionally do that for fun . 
  that 's the shit , 
  they are smarter than this . 
  they probably do so in stolipinovo where the roma population is predominantly muslim but they avoid telling the rest that they are turks . 
  they just defend their rights ... like for example their right to get drunk , call an ambulance and then have the whole ghetto attack the ambulance and beat the medics . 
  p.s you understand what krisko talks ? 
  cause it 's kind of eastern dialect , that would be harder to understand . 
  he tries to speak proper bulgarian but he ca n't and it sounds funny , 
  dps do n't give a shit about turkey , actually they 'd rather avoid that `` turkish liberation '' as their income sources will drain . 
  but conspiracy theorists nowadays say they are about gypsy autonomous regions now . 
  kind of , the turkish voter base is somewhat shrinking , but the gypsy one has great growth prospects . 
  but hey , you speak about helicopters and armored vehicles ... to me it sounds like half of what 's today 's bulgarian army is already in macedonia . 
  that is an invasion , 
  uhm , that 's when they are in * liberation mode * i hope they do n't do that ever again . 
  well it grows steeply for the last 1-2 years here . 
  and you are lucky to border eu countries only , moreover schengen ones . 
  we have thousands of migrants in refugee centers , times more illegally living here , we pay millions for fences , night vision cameras and gadgets , we mobilized police from the country and now the army and it all costs money and they come from our budget , almost nothing comes from the eu . 
  that 's because we want to be good guys and fulfill the criteria for schengen zone . 
  once you close the schengen borders and install border checks again , there will be zero motivation for us to continue spending money on that and we will just do what greece , macedonia and serbia does . 
  but yes , i guess guys like that czech politician and the eu as a whole will like it better . 
  it is not like housing migrants in centers is cheap you know . 
  why should we keep doing this rather than just helping them reach their destination and spend the money on pensions or highways instead . 
  they also paid bonuses and awarded days off to the border officers that shoot some trespasser . 
  did n't know our military was deployed in macedonia . 
  are n't you guys afraid about us invading you or something ? 
  he speaks as if the czech republic has an issue with syrian migrants . 
  but well , it does n't . 
  compared to macedonia and bulgaria at least . 
  he obviously forgets we 're in nato ... so we deliberately put poop in the sea to repel the russian tourists ? 
  makes sense . 
  the black widow spider , although it is very unlikely to encounter one really . 
  while i agree about the media influence part , i do not agree with the selective justice one - the constitution should clearly separate justice system . 
  not that this guarantees fair justice , but if the guy tries to take over the justice system , then that 's against everyone 's interest , including eu/us . 
  that 's because it is then used against foreign investors and in favor of the economic circles of the dictator and once that happens , he will quickly `` lose '' that foreign support . 
  but then again , the citizens should not allow that to happen . 
  we did allow the justice system to be controlled by business lobbyists and that was one of the biggest mistakes we as a people did and now it 's complicated to fix . 
  yes but international support does n't mean more votes for them all by itself . 
  and rigging the elections is not that easy as conspiracy theorists believe . 
  in fact , they got much more votes by employing incompetent people in state/municipal administration ( as they expect to be fired when the next government comes into power so they vote for the people that hired them ) as compared to controlled/paid votes . 
  note that those people are not necessarily incompetent per se but for example a machine engineer is not a competent in healthcare and a teacher is usually not competent in stuff related to public transportation for example . 
  and there is where it gets complicated - in countries with higher unemployment and weaker private sector , this becomes a serious factor . 
  but then again it 's all up to the people - they should push for reforms , protest against bad practices , be more initiative and start their own businesses rather than relying on the government and so on . 
  there is no way the eu/us comes and fixes it all for them , it just wo n't happen . 
  i will tell you how that works ... there is the euro-parliament where there is an european party having the majority of votes . 
  there is also a national party that has the majority of votes and which formed a government . 
  now you basically have two scenarios : 1 ) the leading national party is member of the leading european party ( or in montenegro 's case that is potential member as long as montenegro joins the eu ) . 
  in that case it 's just milk and honey , rainbows and blue blue sky , there is no corruption even if there is corruption , there is no abusing of eu funds and those guys can basically do whatever they want without risking a lot of criticism from bruxelles . 
  too bad if you do n't like them and twice as bad if all this is new to you and you still believe in fairy tales . 
  2 ) the leading national party is not member of the leading eu party . 
  then you got non-stop criticism about corruption , abuse of human rights , you got your cohesion funds cut , you got some random news in german and french press about how bad it is there and so on . 
  it does n't matter if they are indeed corrupt or not ( and they are likely to be very corrupt anyway as we live on the balkans after all ) . 
  so i would n't give a shit about that `` support from eu '' part . 
  just ignore it and do n't vote for the fuckers . 
  sooner or later his business interests will cross with those of our boyko and then we 'll see who 's the tougher mafia guy , haha . 
  besides this all sounds as if it happened in bulgaria . 
  did n't know it 's that much the same , 
  funny how absolutely all statements turned to be false .
