sorry for what happened . 
  ... is absolutely right . 
  romania is more first world than england , for example . 
  in many categories even . 
  why would n't it/we ? 
  that would be india . 
  i love the european union . 
  i believe it 's a very good thing and it did more good to romania than bad . 
  cheers !, 
  nice reputation bonus for romania . 
  how old is this picture ? 
  most of the time , an islamist comes from a backwards country + backwards culture , where democracy , freedom and what ever comes with them is hell . 
  well , being in the union has a lot more advantages than being out of it . 
  the eu will not fail . 
  there 's so much to lose for certain countries , it 's simply not worth to let it vanish . 
  \u252c \u2500 \u252c \u30ce ( \u00ba _ \u00ba\u30ce ), 
  tolerate the intolerant ? 
  they will probably be seen with better eyes than romanians . 
  not that i have anything against croatians , but i find it a bit weird that a newcomer is seen with better eyes than us . 
  i welcome them anyway !, 
  because these migrants come from too far away , and should not be given places to stay that far . 
  there are countries that are safe much closer to them . 
  why should we ? 
  this conflict has nothing to do with us . 
  they should be closer to syria anyway . 
  if they were ukrainians , i would have no problem , but these guys ? 
  no , thank you, 
  they can go to their arab brothers . 
  or the west . 
  they have no place in here . 
  it would not . 
  we do n't want them . 
  the west can have them all for all i care . 
  you take some yourself . 
  i will gladly tell them to piss off . 
  as i said , it does n't matter how things were 20 years ago . 
  they are not wanted here today . 
  shocking , i know ... 
  why do n't you take them yourself then ? 
  it does n't matter what ee people were 20 years ago . 
  these economic migrants are not welcome in ee today . 
  a lot of things were different 10-20 years ago too . 
  germany ca n't force them on us . 
  if mama m erkel loves them , mama merkel should get them ; austria too . 
  i hope romania rejects them too . 
  thankfully , they do n't even want to come here in the first place . 
  i hope none steps on romanian land . 
  why would we take them ? 
  it 's not our problem . 
  * edit a word *, 
  i do n't care which side , as long as they do n't invade . 
  good . 
  i would donate for it . 
  thankfully . 
  ok , so why do n't they go to portugal ? 
  why not bulgaria ? 
  why are they even allowed to choose , since they are refugees and not economic migrants, 
  jobs are everywhere . 
  they can claim benefits in there , unlike hungary . 
  huge difference . 
  oh ... where are those pesky eastern europeans doing nothing in germany and not working at least 1-2 hours / day more than them ? 
  they are fleeing from war , they are not economic migrants . 
  yes , but a little huge difference . 
  they are `` refugees '' , not migrants ... which means that beggars ca n't be choosers . 
  it 's not out of my ass . 
  why do n't they stay in hungary , since it 's a safe eu country ? 
  they want those sweet sweet german benefits , do n't you see ? 
  why should we bother with them ? 
  we went to work , not to claim benefits . 
  big difference . 
  * a little edit : why do n't they come and work here ? 
  also , refugees should only go to the nearest safe country . 
  yeah yeah , big words coming from a romanian . 
  still , i 'm 150 % against refugees coming here . 
  [ return crimeea ] ( http://static3.fjcdn.com/thumbnails/comments/return+the+slab+or+on+this+night+you+will+be+_4ace4388db49ebe20b2e71d20ff8a813.png ), 
  does this happen in the us ? 
  what does their government do about it ? 
  hungarians should build a bigger fence . 
  make it electric too . 
  how can i donate for it ? 
  i do n't think the greeks want banks handling their money either . 
  you ca n't force the citizens either , even less when you 're so corrupt . 
  yes , in that case , the price we agreed upon is 100 euros ( and it has taxes included in it too ) . 
  then yes , if you want a receipt , you would get it . 
  ** edit . 
  ** the price will go up if everyone wants a receipt , simply because i do n't earn enough after a day 's work and taxes paid . 
  so you will have to pay more in the end . 
  yeah , sure . 
  but . 
  what if suddenly , the bank decides that your now 1000 euros are only worth 850 tomorrow ? 
  what if you get charged for every transaction you make ? 
  say you pay 2.03 euros for something worth only 2.00 ? 
  why would/should i trust banks with my money at all ? 
  why should the government know my transactions ? 
  what if i want to keep my transactions secret ? 
  well , you 're special . 
  i will give you the full price , including tax.with me it would be something like this . 
  me : price is 124 euros . 
  take it or leave it . 
  you : i give you 100 euros .
