  me : good , thank you , bye . 
  you : wait , what about my receipt ? 
  me : your receipt costs 24 euros more . 
  the full price , with tax . 
  you : oooh . 
  ok . or you : nah , keep it like that . 
  i do n't have a card and i do n't want one because : i get charged for every card transaction . 
  i do n't feel safe having my money in a bank . 
  cash in my wallet feels good . 
  well , why should i use a bank 's card , when i get charged a bit for every transaction ? 
  cash all the way , thank you . 
  plus , i feel safer having my money with me , in case the bank decides that my 1000 is now worth 850 . 
  nope . 
  the price would then be , yes , 121 $ , or you learn to fix it yourself . 
  * edit * you must support the full price , if you want a receipt . 
  this is a discounted price , so you can get your service cheaper , or good luck finding someone else . 
  i always do this . 
  if you want receipt , you will pay me the full price . 
  if you try haggling with me , i will give you a small discount , but that 's it . 
  no receipt , no warranty , nothing . 
  well , if you ask for a discount , dare not ask for a receipt . 
  simple . 
  * edit * + / and/or warranty . 
  it 's either discount and no warranty , or receipt + warranty . 
  i will not give you both . 
  pick one . 
  ** edit . 
  ** downvotes from people who want both a discount and a warranty . 
  not gon na happen , guis . 
  they ca n't do very much about it anyway . 
  you are not scarry , russia . 
  go away . 
  partially , thanks to our politicians who are afraid to steal . 
  i do n't hate you at all , i happen to hate your politicians though . 
  well , all of our exported beggars stealing money from scandinavians are top notch . 
  they are what keeps our economy working . 
  your money is here , helping me feed my 10 children and 6 cows . 
  next time , i would appreciate more kronor !, 
  i think you meant dacians , and yes , i believe they were . 
   thracians well they were ancient bulgarians . 
  finally , things are moving a little bit . 
  government members are getting arrested and what not . 
  sounds promising . 
  well , is n't it ? 
  it will be one , one day , anyway . 
  dude !, 
  i 'm [ ashamed ] ( http://www.bistrita24.ro/foto/view/1200x1200/wc-cu-semafor-thumb-250-0-18.jpg ), 
  calm down ackbar !, 
  they can already beg as much as they like . 
  not being in schengen does n't stop them at all . 
  tomorrow , they decide that your now $ 1000 is worth $ 950 . 
  what can you do about it ? 
  being cashless is going to be a huge problem . 
  it means trusting your government blindly . 
  they can see every little transaction you make . 
  they can decide how much you own and how much it 's worth . 
  you ca n't buy anything `` illegal '' , as they call it and i 'm not talking about drugs only . 
  i want my financial privacy , thank you very much . 
  i avoid paying with a card at all costs . 
  when i do it for a few euro , it 's a crime . 
  when they do it , they pay `` pocket money '' . 
  they are n't our problem . 
  i would reroute them to saudi arabia or other similar country . 
  why would i destroy my country with them ? 
  i would n't mind , if they keep the migrants out . 
  i 've met quite a few nice hungarians in my life and i 'm sure i 'll be okay . 
  you are definitely wrong . 
  tell me , do you copy-paste your texts from somewhere ? 
  germany can have all the refugees for all i care . 
  i like germany , but i ca n't call it a '' - phile '' . 
  tell me again , why am i an acolyte ? 
  we have nothing to do with these `` refugees '' , we do n't want them and we definitely do n't need them . 
  good enough ? 
  because they are primitive , religious nutjobs and we have enough of our own primitive , religious nutjobs . 
  good . 
  waiting for the same referendum in romania , so i and everyone else can vote against the quotas . 
  arabic will probably be taught in schools . 
  we will annex russia . 
  romania becomes super power . 
  aliens spend their free time on the bulgarian golden sands . 
  well , they are nothing but trouble anyway . 
  they will destroy europe as we know it . 
  as a romanian i totally know the deadly `` curent '' . 
  implying i do n't get that already in romania . 
  i think you replied to the wrong person . 
  living in romania is quite nice , actually . 
  would n't trade it for w. europe . 
  whats life in putinstan like ? 
  hahahaha . 
  thank you guys . 
  no really . 
  thank you . 
  keep your schengens and middle eastern migrants . 
  we will gladly stay out . 
  go home moscow , you 're drunk !, 
  hehehe , i like the way you 're thinking . 
  eu ` s reaction : `` meh . '', 
  economy improving steadily , people from all over eastern romania come here , add the people coming from moldavia , plus babies . 
  home made babies !, 
  why do n't you take some in your house ?
