lol , incandescent light bulbs . 
  the fact that that 's a priority for some individuals is so funny in a tragic way . 
  i 'd hate to move to a retarded measurement system . 
  they 'd probably switch us to fahrenheit as well . 
  metric ftw !, 
  to be honest , i do see what you mean . 
  sorry for the knee-jerk reaction . 
  i was being to self-centred/conscious about this . 
  i do n't think this is anything to celebrate ; i understand how someone doing so would be annoying . 
  ca n't argue with that . 
  i 'm sorry for making a sweeping statement : my bad on that part . 
  but you say that brexit is about less brown people . 
  you say that we 'll be a more racist america ( in another comment ) . 
  that 's just blowing things way out of proportion . 
  there 's more to the debate than ` uk will persecute people of darker castes ' . 
  seriously , i think that the people beating up the polish ( or anyone for that matter ) that are just some of the worst scum this country has to offer . 
  it is really embarrassing that incidents like that are allowed to happen as much as they do . 
  but i actually do n't think europe is evil , far from it , as i 'm sure many other brits would agree . 
  i hope that the uk and the eu remain on good terms after brexit too . 
  i just dislike that people think that we are a nation that lives under apartheid . 
  is that not reasonable to be insecure about ? 
  but that fact does n't help his ` racist britain ' agenda . 
  this guy seems to diss scotland and scottish people every chance he gets . 
  take no notice . 
  shush , that does n't fit their rhetoric !, 
  this is just disgraceful and entirely embarrassing . 
  those utter scumbags should be thrown into a bottomless pit . 
  our pathetic , pussyfooting legal system will probably let the cunts off the hook ... 
  i did n't realise julius malema 's party was that strong . 
  wow . 
  sounds about right . 
  polish people tend to be quite nice , hardworking people based on my experience . 
  he probably watches too much hetalia ... 
  the pathetic piece of shit just ignores every reply that is similar to yours . 
  best indication of a troll . 
  and they do n't get blown up for saying it . 
  oh , in that case i should have known , as i was there last year !, 
  please point me to where i can get one of those . 
  happens that i 'll be over there in a little over a week ... 
  if what erdo\u011fan has been saying is true , the netherlands must make some top-notch nazi armbands !, 
  i 'm sure that the ever anti-fascist democratic republic of saudi arabia is way up there . 
  with their wonderful democratically elected leadership 's enviable equality and human rights track record , and whatnot , not to mention the tolerance of general society . 
  it 's the pinnacle of civilisation !, 
  compare that to the oh-so fascist dictatorship that is europe !, 
  erdo\u011fan ca n't wait to enlighten his country to such levels of sophistication , and eradicate any effects of secularism , which has clearly done no good for his country in the last near-century . 
  it 's never too late to start one . 
  i wish people could be capable of understanding that the brexit vote was far from a black and white situation , like you have just said . 
  but it 's good for our economy !, 
  amber rudd said so , so it ca n't be that bad . 
  / s seriously though , why the fuck are the public so blind on this issue . 
  too soon . 
  haha . 
  i hate the exact same weather . 
  hate the cold , rain and wind . 
  well , you certainly were n't wrong !, 
  [ absolute scum of the earth . 
  ] ( http://www.funnyjunk.com/antifa+scumbags+at+hamburg+g20/movies/6325061/ ), 
  ah , sorry about that !, 
  it was nearly midnight when i read that , so the irony went right over my head . 
  my head is n't together at the best of times , nevermind 11pm . 
  ah , good point . 
  still , that 's quite a vast generalisation when talking about 60 + million people . 
  really depends on the individual : their generation , their upbringing , which city/county they live in ( we 're a very divided nation ; in that lies equally divided cities ) , etc. 
  i personally could n't give a flaming toss what colour someone 's skin is or what country they 're from - and generally ( where i live anyway ; see above point ) people think in the along the same lines . 
  ( despite what you hear about british people on here ) . 
  a person 's character is what really matters . 
  i am not saying that bigots do n't exist here though . 
  the bnp are living proof of that , alright . 
  but i 'm just putting out there that * british people do n't all indiscriminately have a permanent urge to lynch the next foreigner they lay their eyes on . 
  * ( not aimed at you personally . 
  just some individuals on this sub seem to honestly think something along those lines ) . 
  edit : just want to point out as well that not once in my whole life have i encountered anyone complaining about slavs or brown people in real life . 
  i dunno , maybe i live in an unusually liberal area ... 
  and this is / r/europe . 
  all british subjects are to be treated as though they 're literally hitler . 
  no exceptions . 
  there 's no opposition to japanese immigrants in particular to my knowledge ... 
  the entirety of the world and everything in it is just black-and-white to the vast majority of people . 
  no shades in the middle ; only the extremes . 
  are these ` minors ' mostly over the age of 20 ? 
  wow , that 's absolutely terrible . 
  can confirm that this cunt seems to dedicate its time to shitting on america . 
  that 's all i 've seen from them anyway . 
  just spews a load of bollocks . 
  and , in part , burned to death because of the negligence of ( mainly tory ) politicians !, 
  that 's this country . 
  profits come first , lives come never . 
  using shite materials is fine as long as it 's cheapo . 
  got ta line those billionaire pockets somehow . 
  this was a monumental fuck-up in every way possible , and in fact it 's not hard to believe that they were waiting for the perfect excuse to destroy buildings of this sort , in order to further gentrify the area , as well as this shoddy quality of the refurbishments which took place , which ended up facilitating the fire !, 
  then you have people such as philip hammond very recently claiming that sprinklers were n't installed to grenfell tower , and other such blocks , as there are reports that they do n't put out fires . 
  what in god 's name are these motherfuckers smoking ? 
  the blood of these poor souls , who died so undeservingly in such a horrible easy , is on quite a lot of individuals ' hands . 
  this whole scumbaggery just highlights the rampant corruption which is rife in uk politics and corporate culture right now . 
  this is n't just about left/right bullshit which lots of people in this thread are getting their knickers in a twist about . 
  it runs deeper , though granted the tories seem to have played a large part in not preventing this . 
  i used to . 
  i could n't take it anymore after a while . 
  the people on there are close to being nonhuman . 
  that comment ( the one you quoted ) is so illegible , i do n't even .
