  ok but how treating people like shit help ? 
  so they place their ship in front of yours what do you do , shoot them ? 
  in that case your no better than them or not , you are angry because the `` invade you '' and in response you actually invade them lol, 
  why all this strawmanning ? 
  it 's always like this : `` we should respect human right '' `` how many gorillion you wants ? '', 
  it 's ridiculous, 
  i mean human rights are what make europe a great place to live why should we change that ? 
  human rights are archaic law now ? 
  yes fuck human rights !, 
  i mean they did enter the eu voluntary and should accept the consequences, 
  yes war this will solve everything !!!, 
  well it was approved by the majority of the council and the parliament, 
  well is true they are statistically irrilevant, 
  yes like much of the prime minister in europe lol, 
  and what would you do attack their ship ? 
  the australian model need a hosting country willing and is not without criticism , the condition in those camp is disgusting, 
  i 'm sorry but it 's in italian : [ http://www.ilpost.it/2017/05/17/caso-ong-chiuso/] ( http://www.ilpost.it/2017/05/17/caso-ong-chiuso/ ), 
  they would still come better than to steal in libya certanly, 
  that would probably require an invasion and will cause more problem than it will solve . 
  the prosecutor was interrogated in the parliament and revelead it had no proof . 
  they do n't need to fire upon you they simly need to place them in front of your ships , then the only way would be to shoot in essence declaring war, 
  but if they do n't ? 
  well if they still refuse are you going to do what ? 
  how do you think the lybian poplutaion would take it ? 
  are you really confrontating this with war and genocide ? 
  i mean even only considering ww1 and modern islamic terrorism the death figures do n't even compare , i am quite sure that the total of european victim of terrorism in the last 20 year is the equivalent of like a day of battle on the western front whitout even considering civilian casualty . 
  for the security situation in general statistic show tha violent crime is falling in western europe in the last 20 years so even that is n't really relevant . 
  exactly compared to that this is nothing if we survived that how should this be a problem ? 
   that 's just useless banter and avoiding the issue . 
  you know what i mean . 
  if you bring millions of people from africa you will not get the same european culture with darker people . 
  you will get african culture with colder weather . 
  like europenan culture is a monolithic and unchangeable thing lol compared to change in ethnic compotion and culture of the last century it 's nothing , and i still do n't understand why change is so bad for you ? 
   the help would be minuscule . 
  by 2050 nigeria is expected to exceed 300 million . 
  and that 's just 1 country . 
  using europe as an escape valve will do very little to solve their problems and it will do a lot destabilizing our continent . 
  it 's not minuscle much of the modernization of italy for example was fincanced by the remittances of italian migrant whitout counting the idea many of took with them when they returned home, 
  well we had a u.n. resolution the approval of the arab union and rebel troop on the ground , an occupation of lybia would fall in iraq war territory and we all know how that ended, 
  why they should n't ? 
  so much for enlightened western value lol, 
  the solution is to render legal immigration more simple not more difficult , all the talk of open border are bullshit because is pretty difficult for peoples of many of this country to migrate legally.this is the only way of solving the problem , killing innocent people is not only morally horrendous but it will not solve the problem . 
  but by allowing migration we actually help their country to and we are still talkin of some million of people beetween hundred of million of european whitout even considering that to consider they are of large variaty of culture there 's not a homogenus migrant culture.talks of europe becoming africa , like africa is a homogenus contry and culture is ignorant at best . 
  even considering refugee worldwide we still take a small percentage, 
  force them how ? 
  would you volunteer to stand on the boat and watch hundred of people drown before you ? 
  ok but if they do ? 
  are you saying that killing some of them is justifiable ? 
  and i want to add that there is no actual proof that ngos collaborate with traffickers . 
  so we should declare war on lybia ? 
  why i 've the feeling this will only complicate things and render the situation even more costly ? 
  i mean you accuse them of weaponizing thing but your are litterally placing aircraft carrier in their water , i 'm curios if given the order sailor will shoot on a ship full of civilian i 'm sure it 's at least against the geneva convention, 
  i suggest you to relax and watch this [ video ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftzneizrklg ), 
  and if the country of origin refuse to take them ? 
  why the apocaliptic tone ? 
  relax , even with the migrant crisis end the situation in syria we still take a small percentage of refugee worldwide, 
  so you want to bomb them until they do ? 
  link it please i 'm really curios from what i know by crime statistic violent crime is actually reducing lol, 
  so you approve to sink the boat and risk killing hundred of people ? 
  and if they refuse to let you pass ? 
  it 's not that they ca n't they wo n't, 
  ignoring that it 's illegal if the lyban coast guard try to stop us what should we do ? 
  still with `` import '' then `` terror and rape '' man why ca n't you regard them as peoples ? 
  even when we had an accord whit gaddofi ( not really the most moral of peoples ) the treatment that migrant recived was shit, 
  wll you still did n't answer my question then  ok the italian navy recive communication that a boat is sinking nobody is going to help what you propose to do ? 
  i like that you still do n't want to admit that you want them to drown such cowardeness, 
  we are not discuting an ideal world we are discuting the reality here , if they are n't gon na do it somebody have to, 
  so you really have no plan ? 
  do you think is easy ? 
  i 'm partially in agreement with you but this is not what we were discuting :  detention camp , with an option to get on a boat and go right back where they came from , at any time they please . 
  so do you propose to let them drown ? 
  first thing forst we do n't `` import anything they are people not things , second why do n't you see the merit in cooperation beetween member state to solve problem it 's the thing on wich the union was founded, 
  do you have suggestion ? 
  when similar accord where struck with gaddafi there were multiple report of the shitty treatment migrant recived, 
  well there is no legal limit as per german costitution i still not se how it is relevant with the australian solution proposed above ? 
  ok the italian navy recive communication that a boat is sinking nobody is going to help what you propose to do ? 
  and how would putting them all in a camp help with radicalization or cost less exactly ? 
  well it would reduce the number of people handle, 
  have you proof they are people smugglers or collaborating with them ? 
  and we payed and continue to pay many fine for it , seem fair if you agree to a rule you must respect it . 
  i do n't see why ? 
  but the agreed to accept ruling voted by the majority ? 
  well the human development index disagree with [ you ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_countries_by_inequality-adjusted_hdi#/media/file:inequality-adjusted_human_development_index.svg ), 
  well if they are really drowning it 's not a loophole, 
  and if the libyan coast guard try to stop them ? 
  so you propose to shoot the refugee ? 
  uhm and i imagine you think north african country will do it willingly in no time, 
  if they country you are taking them back try to stop you what you suggest to do ? 
  and much smaller number, 
  they are n't doing anything illegal, 
  i do n't see the problem if they do n't respect the agreement they signed voluntarily . 
  apart greece and italy but for the polish government they are unimportant i see, 
  please indicate a country available for that, 
  cite the legal document please, 
  if a military ship encounter a migrant boat what it should in your example ? 
  putting thousands of people in detention camp is a recipe for disaster, 
  you must specify dead kid of your country , you seem to do n't care about refugee kids, 
  by what law or international convention are mena refugees not refugees ? 
  as per wikipedia : '' children born in france ( including overseas territories ) to at least one foreign parent who is also born in france automatically acquire french citizenship at birth . 
  children born to foreign parents may request citizenship depending on their age and length of residence '' seems logical,
