  please ask for help in askhistorians thay would surely explain you, 
  and what they should do let 's hear, 
  where and even the condition in the camps are horrible and they handle much less peoples, 
  but if you care about the people you would leave them in libya a state in anarchy without a single national goverment ? 
  saving people lives is not stupid, 
  still no proff that they ever collaborated with traffickers lol, 
  i see the contrary the large majority settle in quite succesfully, 
  ok then they simply navigate to a gurdeless cost and drop them to the shore like they did years ago, 
  please i 'm curious about these `` islamic party '' do you have sources ? 
  you are right look at this tread all people favorable to migrant and ngos are downvoted to oblivion and called dense and stupid, 
  yes let them free in libya such a stable and violence free country lol, 
  are they paid for it ? 
  wall are uselles to control migration and they will always be, 
  for now but if we stopped helping they will just like they did years ago, 
  they aren ' all arab and it has n't destabilized europe, 
  i mean your exaple suggest that all migrant on the boat know what will happen to them and that asking for refugee status is the equivalent of asking money lol, 
  who care if let people dies people dies anyway / s, 
  it will be best to allow legal migration frankly but even suggesting similar thing is heresy in this sub, 
  and have the moralality to do n't put it into effect i hope, 
  yes killing innocent civilians take balls, 
  but if you dose n't help them they drown, 
  well thay still have to have the permission of those country, 
  i mean if they are refugee they have the support of the law not of `` left activist '' lol, 
  i do n't understand how migrant protesting is related to point 4 ? 
  if the borders were really open they would n't be stuck in calais no ? 
  they are still in a civil war is not that easy, 
  anf in fact the majority of them dose n't expect that simply coming to europe and finding low paying job to make money to send family home is ok, 
  i mean do you think that migrant are donating money to ngos to help their family come to europe?seems a bit absurd and by the way the budget of similar organization is to be made public by law so you can simply searh for them online if you want, 
  no , and i 'm not suggesting that, 
  europe is helping strengthen lybia coast guard for years, 
  i mean all this talking of replacement agenda is of the same caliber of other trash conspiracy theory, 
  explain this free money thing many are searching for a good paying job or secuirty for themself and their family, 
  i mean schengen exist but just the fact that pratically the only way for many of this people to arrive in europe is to use illegal trafficker should demonstrate that the border are rather closed, 
  i mean think anout the cost and even then if a boat sink you still have to help so it dose n't really solve anything, 
  well politically it is n't much true at the moment, 
  donors like me, 
  source i did n't know about it ? 
  seem strange , from what i know refugee convention should protect them from similar prospect, 
  have you proof of point 4 ? 
  from what i see from living in a neighborhood whit heavy immigrnt presence the opposite is true, 
  and what would you do with the migrants ? 
  well and among them there are desperate people in search of a secure and stable future and they are the large majority, 
  man do you think comparing refugee to barbaric invasion is a little exagereted ? 
  there is no open border policies why peoples keep repeating this ? 
  protect from desperate unarmed civilians what a treat lol, 
  what would you do ? 
  well they rescue them from drowning, 
  the replacement agenda !!!!! 1111 !!!!, 
  ! the reptilians it 's all a plot of the new world orders of cultural marxism / s, 
  why is population augmenting a problem ? 
  are you serious ? 
  such circlejerk !, 
  obteining the permit to work for refugee should be made easier, 
  but those that will be resettled will probably be, 
  lol even when muslim are dying is still their fault it 's seem, 
  yes but you do n't just fast you do n't drink ether i imagine marching for hours in mass without drinking it 's not exactly easy, 
  i mean strolling is a bit different then marching for hours, 
  investigation that found no proof of collaboration with traffickers, 
  there were multiple accusation in the past years but no proof was ever found it 's probably another conspiracy theory, 
  if they claim asylium were obligated to review their cases, 
  why ca n't we do both ? 
  but why ? 
  what would help some hundreds people do to you ? 
  i mean we helped you why it 's so strange to pretend you help us , we are still talking of top some ten thousand people not millions and ue funds to pay for them it 's not like we are settling millinons of people, 
  i mean even if i agreed with you on the fact that those must n't be saved because they put themselve in the situation ( i do n't ) there are many people on those boats , for example children , who surely have n't had a choice about the matter or did n't known what would happen, 
  but you still have n't answered , i asked one single thing define the basic value and you still refuse to do it , you are the one whose wiggling here, 
  it surely make handling people in italy easier, 
  ilsam will kill us all they are coming the streets will fill with blood i mean calm the fuck down i live in a district with many muslim and there no sign of religous war in the street this entire idea of muslim secret plan for conquest it 's nthing more than assurd ramblings and hatefull conspiracy theory, 
  i mean are we commenting on the same article ? 
  resettlement is littarally the european law now . 
  and yes they are refugee if they have rafugee status is not difficult to comprend, 
  if you are n't dumb then please define them ? 
  i mean if you are so ready to defend them the you should easily describe them ? 
  but even with them the problem are minimal if confonted with the economical benefit they provide, 
  so you are saying they should refusee refugee bucause they have to defend some basic value you ca n't even define ? 
  you still did n't indicate what you society basic value are pkease i 'm curious, 
  then please explain me what are the basic value and societal identity of your countriy i 'm curious and why is assimilation the best thing ? 
  should n't people express and live their live as they want if they do no not infringe the liberty of others ? 
  if they do n't want to change their culture why do n't they close their border and stop the import of foreing cultural product then ? 
  and your idea that somehow african and mulsim never integrate is quite wrong many do, 
  so immigration is good for us then, 
  i mean if immigration is bad should they not expel all eastern europena migrant to ? 
  do they have refugee status ? 
  why should border country be left alone dealing with it ? 
  if you were in the same situation you want say that, 
  or do like australia and place in detention camp in horrible condition you mean, 
  yes letting people die is so fun end entertaining we should sell the right so it can be transitted live on tv imagine the audience number, 
  yes we should let them drow this would surely help, 
  yes but they would easily sent back to lithuania and would have problem accessing welfare, 
  distribuiton discourage many to make the journey and help border country with handling them is good for everybody , continuing to spread apocalyptic bullshit vision do n't help, 
  forced relocation of of refugee is and they acepted the rule, 
  stop with this litany there are no sanction for these cases you are literally creating this problem for some hundreds of refugees is pathetic, 
  i mean they accepted the rule when they joined a bit miopic from them eh ? 
  ukrainian are not refugee if they do n't claim the status and they do n't, 
  i mean smaller country have proportionally more rappresentato in eu institution, 
  then water in to blood , frogs , locust and the death of the firstborn lol, 
  i mean hundred of traffickers are in italians prison now we could do better but until the situation in libya stabilize is difficult, 
  i mean they accepted european value and asylium is one of them, 
  i do n't think so quite the contrary the number will probably drop, 
  but there are islamophobic attack even when there is not terrorism ?
