i think this to be a nice analysis of what had happened in hungary . 
  however i 'm more curious why hungarians vote for fidesz and why they support fidesz . 
  do you have an explanation for that too ? 
  how come hungarians are willing to give up liberal values like this ? 
  not really , because flanders as we know it today did not exist back then !, 
  same goes for saying he was franch of german imo . 
  its not so much that it is purely about christianity but more about the number 12 and the meaning behind it . 
  it means many different things to many different people . 
  12 months in a year , 12 hours in a day , 12 disciples . 
  it represents harmony . 
  we keep creating bigger machines to find smaller particles !, 
  which will probably not be anytime soon . 
  though this depends a lot on how much resources the russians can extract from the sea around the north pole and the north pole itself . 
  yes we in the netherlands do . 
  http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gj7oygsqgmm its nsfw . 
  hah , now i know why people call africa the dark continent . 
  i have been to latvia last summer . 
  paid a visit with three friends ( we are dutch ) . 
  one of them knew a girl who studied in groningen as an exchange student . 
  we agreed to go to latvia , to riga and especially to the music festival , positivus . 
  i really enjoyed my stay there . 
  people were usually friendly towards us and many spoke english fairly well , especially the younger generationl . 
  what we really noticed that , when speaking with several people during the music festival , was that they were really glad that we came all the way from the netherlands to attend their festival . 
  i got the feeling when speaking with latvians that they saw it as a way to get some recognition for having a place within europe too . 
  big european bands and people all over europe coming to their visit . 
  spend some time sheltering from the rain under a few big trees talking with several latvians and they expressed this feeling . 
  however , it felt too that latvia was seperated in two countries , two populations . 
  those latvians and russians cant seem to live together . 
  one of my friends said that at the mcdonalds they ask first if you are a russian or latvian speaking latvian . 
  the country is divided because of this alot . 
  they might coexist but not with affection for each other . 
  i think latvia is a nice country with friendly people but might have some difficulties in the future . 
  riga had some poor area 's left ( and most likely other cities do too ) , but i think the russians and latvians will clash alot in the future ( though thats just what i saw there , i dont know alot about latvian politics though ) . 
  otherwise a really nice country , worth a visit !, 
  arent bonuses taxed yet anyway ? 
  its some kind of income right ? 
  will this not just result in higher base salary for bank employees , ending up in big bonuses anyway ? 
  here in the netherlands its mostly the horse meat aswell . 
  besides that there is the austerity measures and the effects of it on our economic situation and living standards . 
  history ? 
  the problem with member state politics regarding european matters like this is that the four members voting against did so knowing the migrant plan would be voted in favor of in the council , but they use it for political gain at home . 
  again the european union gets demonised for their own political interest , harming the interest of the eu as a whole . 
  besides this member states joining or signing treaties , most importantly signing the treaty of lisbon in 2007 knew what they were signing for . 
  they agreed to give up sovereignty in certain matters , like asylum or the emu , themselves , when they committed themselves to the union and the treaty on the functioning of the european union . 
  indeed , however unpopular , asylum is covered by the treaties and thus what member states signed up for . 
  the sovjet union losses are insane . 
  they lost about 78.000 soldiers in the battle for berlin alone , which took about two weeks of fighting . 
  being dutch or being german has more requirements or needs to fill than just speaking a modern equivalent of an old language . 
  i feel dutch because i was born and raised in the netherlands , but mostly because i speak the language and imagine myself being part of the dutch community . 
  charlemagne and with him other franks did not speak dutch , nor felt themselves dutch . 
  a nation is a socially constructed community , imagined by the people who perceive themselves as part of that group . 
  charlemagne did not perceive himself part of the dutch community , nor do we perceive himself part of our dutch community . 
  therefore in my opinion it does not really matter that he spoke an ancient equivalent of contemporary dutch . 
  however , i do admit that he was very influental and shaped for a large part the ( west - ) europe that we know today . 
  that does not make him dutch though !, 
  really , fascinating !, 
   what do you mean suddenly matter ? 
  it 's always mattered for the scots . 
  the single biggest reason they voted to remain in 2014 was because of the weak economic argument of the independence movement . 
   and the economics are much much worse now . 
   it 's not ` patronizing ' , it 's just the reality of the situation . 
  to me it feels like people in favour of the brexit are just ignoring the consequenes for the uk , just like you argue is what was important for the scots . 
  / r/europe is flooded with articles , reports and warnings about the consequences the uk will face in case of a brexit . 
  and then , if the uk leaves the eu , but wants to remain part of the european economic area , it will still have to relinquish soverneigty , pay money to get access to the eu market , and eu law will still be supreme to uk law . 
  like i said , you just choose to ignore this part , these consequences . 
  in an ever globalised world , there is no such thing as a splendid isolation . 
  the only country that is really isolated nowadays is north-korea , and things are not splendid there . 
  in regards to your cultural argument , you are again blind to your own past and culture . 
  ever since the roman empire conquered the british isles , it has been part of europe . 
  christian churches that we find everywhere over europe , are found in the uk . 
  same goes for universities , museums , art , and many other things . 
  french has been for many years the linqua franca in england , and there are still many french and german and dutch and spanish and many more words part of the english language , signifying the cultural exchange that took part over the many years . 
  you have +2000 years of interwomen economics , culture and language between the uk and the rest of europe . 
  the uk has always been part of europe , just because you perceive it differently , does not make it so . 
  in almost every big war that has been fought since the roman times , the british have participated . 
  whether it the hundred years war , the napeleontic wars , or the world war , the uk have always had political , cultural and economic exchanges and interactions with each other . 
  it is culture that ties our continent together . 
  examples are jacques brel and the french chanson ; russian ballet , like le sacre du printemps ; the iliad and the odyssey by homer ; ikea ; fado ; ast\u00e9rix , and many others . 
  everywhere they have had influences on each other . 
  take for example the french chanson and jacques brel . 
  brel is a francophone flemish artist who conquered europe and the rest of the world by adapting a traditional english song , greenleeves , and sang about a dutch harbor city , amsterdam . 
  the song has been covered countless of times , and brel inspired bob dylan , david bowie and stromae . 
  or how about sherlock holmes , created by arthur conan doyle , and on whose books many movie adaptations and television series have been made and aired , all over europe . 
  the exchange between the uk and the rest of europe has always been intense , too . 
  like i said , we share language , culture , art styles , building styles , history , economics . 
  i think people like johnson and farage know this , and thats why they try so hard to emphasize the small differences , to make it easier to make this cultural and historic argument , while it is actually very weak . 
  how patronising . 
  in regards to the eu-uk relationship and the brexit , economic consequences for both blocs , but especially for the uk , is not important , because ` we want soverneignty and freedom ' . 
  however , for northern-ireland and scotland , where voices will be raised for leaving the uk after a brexit , the economic consequences suddenly matter , and are here presented by you as an argument for them to stay in the uk . 
  you know , it is funny , that people in the uk attack the idea of an amalgamated europe of one superstate , and the idea of a common european identity is ridiculous . 
  but that is exactly what the uk is . 
  but most uriniors in the netherlands have no flushing button . 
  they are either without or flush automatically . 
  why ? 
  especially when using an urinoir ? 
  its not that im pissing on my hands or anything !, 
  how come ? 
  it was 19th and 20th century nationalism and nation-state competition that drove europe to two world wars . 
  iirc , eurobarometer started to rephrase the questions they asked to get more positive responses . 
  i am from groningen , all up north .
