  estonia is closest to taiwan , china and south korea ? 
  [ evidence of our liao valley ancestry ] ( http://1.bp.blogspot.com/-npg1qhnacke/ucpjm8epjvi/aaaaaaaai60/k_aloq8sptk/s1600/journal.pone.0066102.g004.png ) !, 
   in the nineties , i saw my fellow algerian citizens equally helpless in the face of enormous intellectual and logistic machinery of algerian islamists . 
  islamism came treading softly , with small , successive audacities , initially very keen not to scare anyone - to finally plunge into terror and barbarism . 
  as bad as it is , at least in europe the armed forces are not being infiltrated by daesh/wahhabi agendas . 
  i 'm not an expert but as i understand , in the arab world all institutions are subject to inflitration by such movements , and there 's nothing that compares in sudden striking power to the military . 
  perhaps the single most general difference between soviet and us armaments was that soviet armaments were designed for longevity while us armaments were designed for performance . 
  i do n't think you can count * \u00e9 * and * \u00e7 * as english letters though . 
  english has a different policy for loanwords than most other languages , foreign diacritics are often kept - eg * jalape\u00f1o * pepper also retains the * \u00f1 * . 
  but if you include those , then you should include all possible diacritics anywhere , and the `` alphabet '' becomes meaningless ... 
  the map includes * \u0161 * and * \u017e * for estonian but not for finnish . 
  i do n't speak finnish , but i thought * \u0161 * and * \u017e * are used the same way in finnish and estonian ? 
  ( that is , in recent loanwords such as * \u0161ampoon * ( shampoo ) ), 
  i posted this here , and then deleted it , because the more i think of it , i really have social sciences in mind rather than humanities . 
  philosophy and much of literature studies get awfully close to social sciences but eg ancient languages do n't . 
  but since everyone here seems to be mostly talking about social sciences anyway , and the original article was about `` the university '' , i guess i 'll repost it . 
  -- much of history ( as a subject ) is rather unlike the stereotypical humanities . 
  just compare a military buff 's knowledge of the battalions and armaments used in a major ww2 battle , to a philosophy professor 's take on foucault !, 
  one is fact-based , with a clear sense of correct and incorrect to strive for ( no conceptual generals ordering metaphysical airstrikes !, 
  ) , and with a body of research where a new discovery is similar to the results of a physics experiment . 
  the other is a funny train that rides quickly to the territory of `` not even wrong '' . 
  not by accident , but on purpose - coherence and rigorous analysis are `` unpatrician '' values , because competence and correctness are revealed through them , and a person who fears being revealed as incompetent and incorrect just can not let that happen . 
  much of the tone used in humanities feels like `` prolonging '' being revealed as a quack . 
  to me this is above all very dishonest . 
  trappings of research , worn like a hat . 
   the humanities are not disliked , but strangely they are vilified . 
  most people love history , archaeology , anthropology , arts history , the arts in general ( especially the visual arts ) ; most people appreciate great writing and profound novels ; nearly everyone wants great journalists . 
  and of course everyone wants directors and screenwriters who can drag us out of the drudgery of endless sequels and remakes . 
   all of those people are formed in humanities faculties . 
  nobody protests that . 
  they are professions for which there is not only a market , but a great deal of public demand and appreciation . 
  yet somehow the humanities have become identified with useless , self-referential and obscure disciplines . 
  it is truly bizarre . 
  much of the problem is that the stereotypical humanities are incompetent at what they do , and instead of working to get better , they go to impossible lengths to cover it up . 
  `` not even wrong '' is patrician , coherence and rigor are plebeian , because coherence and rigor might reveal the fair patrician as a quack whose statements are absolutely trivial or incorrect . 
  incompetence comes first , intellectual cowardice follows , self-excusing definitions of patricianness come last , as a solution to criticism . 
  i like how you can change the weights until your favorite city comes first !, 
  `` to get some money '' ? 
  what ? 
  eg in china and iran , there are strong segments of the population who specifically oppose the violations of the most basic human rights by their authorities - support for `` human rights '' from the rest of the world may be vaguely , disagreeably or bureucratically defined at times , but it helps keep those people out of prison ( or worse ) , by diplomatic pressure alone . 
  abandoning them is just what countries like china and iran want . 
  right but most of these have many cognates . 
  for the first ones : sven ~ sven jaanika ~ jaanika , johanna , hanna , jaana , jana , jane , janne kairin ~ kairin , kaira , kaire , kairi paavel ~ paavel , paul , paavo kristo ~ kristjan , krister , kristo , risto taavi ~ taavi , taavet , taave , tavo etc. 
  nameday listings are a good place to look up cognates , although some are really strange ( like sveno as a variant of sven ) , so i removed those . 
   mostly because russians seem to be very unimaginative in naming their kids . 
  i know you are joking , but - while estonians use a rather large number of name-stems , the greater difference is that estonian first names have many variants per stem ( martin -  martin , marten , mart , m\u00e4rt , marti ) . 
  in russian , there are few if any variants per name-stem ( not counting diminutives ) . 
  i think it 's because the stems of estonian first names are overwhelmingly alien ( indo-european ) and so more subject to corruption because there is no semantics to be preserved . 
  russian first names have mostly native or semi-native ( slavic or greek ) stems , so there is semantics to be preserved , so there is less corruption , so there are fewer variants . 
  then again , english also has many variants per stem , like estonian ... 
  once again , the islands of saaremaa and hiiumaa have been liberated from estonian tyranny . 
  i think old people are more likely and young people less likely to be obese in estonia and latvia relative to the european average , and we have a lot of old people . 
  tolkien originally meant the ring as a metaphor for fethullah g\u00fclen , and gollum as a metaphor for erdogan who is forever looking for g\u00fclen . 
  it is suspicious how clearly this aligns to country borders ( sweden is green , norway and finland are blue ; romania is green , bulgaria and hungary are blue ) . 
  makes me suspect that the buildings might have been counted differently in different countries ? 
  i imagine that it would often be difficult to quantify the mass of `` dwellings '' into discrete ones , and consistently attach timestamps . 
  and have a proper listing of all dwellings in the first place ( surely such listings would be higher-quality in some countries than others ) . 
  and as for etymology , `` nuga '' is `` probably phonetically motivated '' , so it is likely its stem does not go further than proto-finnic or some descendant of it , and does not mean anything else . 
   i 'm also fairly certain that kuras is what is used in estonia for actual ` real ' knife . 
  no , i can not even think of a word similar to it ? 
  ( `` teras '' is steel , but it is not used as slang for knives or somesuch ), 
  all true , but - does n't wahhabism originate almost wholly from saudi arabia ? 
  how come wahhabism spreads so successfully if everyone hates the saudis ? 
   scott is a liberal but has an amazing insight into the conservative , traditionalist mind he has called himself small-c conservative . 
  i 'd say he 's from the libertarian tribe ( as in , community , culture and mindset ) , who does n't much care for libertarian attitudes towards laws and economy . 
   and should n't we also sue creators of free software and games ? 
  they decrease revenue of commercial creators . 
  i 'm not sure what you are saying - why do you want to sue them ? 
  in any case , i was talking of giving jurisdiction to the country of the manufacturer of a stolen car rather than the country of the owner of a stolen car or the country of the crime scene . 
  giving jurisdiction to the country of the manufacturer if he is not the owner is just silly - the manufacturer should be completely irrelevant . 
  `` stolen '' content ( regardless of how valid you consider calling it that ) on torrent trackers often denies revenue to the companies associated with its making , but cars are almost never ( ? ), 
  stolen from the manufacturers directly . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/military_budget_of_the_united_states#historical_spending the us defense budget of 2014 was ** 614 billion $ ** . 
  the uk defense budget of 2014 was 49.9 billion # . 
  obviously enough uk did not spend as much on defense as usa ( in 2014 ) since that would be literally impossible . 
   however 2 % is n't so much for a small country like yours maybe you should have to match britain numerically it 's the least you could do ... match it numerically as in , estonia should raise its population 6000 % from 1mln to 64mln ? 
  what are you saying precisely, 
  what are the two largest commonwealth countries ? 
  india and pakistan . 
  these are countries that literally built nuclear weapons programs against each other ... that is how coherent a group the commonwealth is . 
  and neither of them is really aligned with the uk . 
  but both usa and china have signaled that uk leaving eu will make them less , not more , interested in uk . 
  i guess time will tell how serious they were about that . 
  but how much do the commonwealth countries actually care for uk ? 
  eg the biggest of them , india - in cold war days , it was very close to soviet union , and even today it keeps ordering enormous amounts of military technology from russia , with which uk has rather cold relations . 
  if india took commonwealth solidarity seriously at all , it would have aligned its foreign policy with uk , but i do n't think that has been the case at any point since its independence . 
  my bad !, 
  i had n't even heard of them . 
  in greece ? 
  the syriza and golden dawn political establishments are too different ( golden dawn is quite ... unique compared to other european parties in a similar position ) . 
  perhaps some number of syriza voters and golden dawn voters could work together , but not the politicians . 
  not sure `` globalisation '' is the right word for it - for me and many others , the ideal is to have a strong , innovative europe compete against the rest of the world ( most of all : usa , china , russia , the arab world ) . 
  eu and other european organizations would be the means to ensure that europe will remain competitive in the 21 . century , and perhaps more sovereign than in the cold war era . 
  that 's not really globalist , strictly speaking , is it ? 
  greek churches look alright , but why could n't you have built them in the style of the old temples ?? 
  edit : sans the paint , of course, 
  i 'd say nations have something similar to friends , but in general , countries are not ruled by their nations . 
  so , above all , countries do not have friends . 
  the concept of tribe is ancient though ; are n't all the peoples tacitus listed ( sitones , suiones , aesti , fenni , ... ) something very similar to nations ? 
  you could see the nation-concept as a modernized revival of the tribe-concept on a larger scale ( as a reaction against being defined by the ruling dynasty , like habsburgs or ottomans ) .
