`` but passions quickly cooled '' nope , we 're still hoping for a border poll just as much . 
  it 's just that the goverment wont allow it . 
  i personally do n't see the difference in the two , and alot of other irish wo n't either . 
  scotland and wales had little power in how ireland was run . 
  how did n't they ? 
  the only reason that the irish were so badly affected by the blight was becasue they were so poor it 's all they could eat and grow . 
  because england still does not control the uk to this day ? 
  parliament is in london , the monarchy is in london , the ruling party will always be run from england . 
  forced people to live in tiny plots of land , and made them so poor they could only afford potatoes . 
  they forced a famine on the irish, 
  they did steal food , or `` exported '' as they might call it . 
  while over a million starved to death they took food . 
  may not have been potatoes but they took the what ever did grow . 
  england forced famine on ireland and often committed genocide . 
  not sure about the other two . 
  rip , he did more for the peace of northern ireland than most . 
  so have you give up the `` it 's not democratic '' thing now ? 
  brexit happened , things changes , democracy allows them to have another vote . 
  democracy allows them to have as much referendums as they want , and democracy allows the people to decide . 
  lol , less than 4 in 10 voted to leave and more than 6 in then voted to stay . 
  no , scotland joined on their own . 
  the three countries can have votes to leave when they like . 
  yes it is, 
  there is this thing called a vote ... 
  she was voted in , so she does . 
   what 's the point of a referendum if you 're just going to keep asking until you get the response you want ? 
  fuck me like , do people still not understand what brexit means ? 
  i hope they allow us to vote . 
  even though the president is more of a ceremonial thing , i 'll still go out and vote for each one . 
  the brits set all the records on fire . 
  even if sinn f\u00e9in come second , this is still a huge victory for them . 
  though by now it looks like northern ireland may have it 's first nationalist first minister . 
  it would be a pretty silly thing to get annoyed about aswell considering the term was used when the the island were ruled by celts . 
  i have never whittnised anyone get annoyed about it , and i 'm from west belfast and went to what you would consider a republican school . 
  it 's usualy americans and they 're always at the bottom of the thread . 
  always remember going on holidy down south and getting kings and the red packets of tayto . 
   i mean , the irish can get as worked up about it as they want litteraly no one ever get 's annoyed about this . 
  i have never even whitniessed republicans get annoyed . 
  yes , so saying it refares to them being traitors ... 
  it already is derry ... 
  northern republican/nationalist , it 's moslty refered to as `` the south '' or `` down south '' . 
  alot of republicans call northern ireland as `` the north '' but i ussually just say what roles off my tounge . 
  it 's more of a `` you 're free and we ar n't ya traitor '', 
  that dosent make it a foreign language . 
  it 's the native language to ireland , english is foreign . 
   well irish is sort of a foreign language in what way ? 
  exactly . 
  other than being wrong , it 's a little disappointing when a map does not include data from your country . 
  i hate looking at maps and seeing the uk as one . 
  what if the uk ca n't accommodate that 11billion anymore . 
  and they just tell us we cant have it , then what ? 
  ni has had 100 years to work and it has n't worked at any point . 
  it 's gone from oppression and discrimination to a low level civil war and even now it 's a failure . 
  we should do something now , just just sit and take handouts becasue the country ca n't work . 
  no one want 's it to be independent . 
  i do n't think you understand how bad ni is at doing anything . 
  it ca n't be sorted out now , we need to leave the uk . 
  lol , having to have another country fund you is not a good thing . 
  northern ireland is a failure , time to fix it . 
  it 's had 100 years and has n't worked for it 's people . 
  i do n't trust the bbc to carry out a poll on a united ireland . 
  it 's not event he fact that the dup are against it they block it from happening even though it was voted through . 
  dublin has a ban on high rise buildings . 
  once that 's gone , i imagine the number of tall buildings will sky rocket . 
  fair enough . 
  i was n't trying to just shoot you down or anything . 
  i enjoy discussing these things . 
  the english came to germany after 500ad , and migration never stopped , they are not distinct from other germanic people . 
  welsh people emigrated to and from brittany in france . 
  what are you using differing them . 
  they are n't distinct from europeans , there are large populations of celts and germanic people on mainland europe . 
  those are geographical terms not types of people . 
  britain is another geographical term . 
  the island is too multicultural to be able to be defined as a race . 
  the celts have been there for thousands of years , then other groups like , angles , saxons , jutes , normans , scandinavians . 
  scotland , wales and ireland have always been heavily celtic , where as england has had thousands of years of mass migration to it 's land . 
  british is n't a race , calling someone british means that you could be black , again or white . 
  he was a white english man attacking muslims . 
  i think briton refers to the native celtic population of the island . 
  how can you be racily british ? 
  briton refers to the celtic people before angles and saxons and other groups . 
  britian is an island , british has nothing to do with race . 
  people who bobmed civilians yeah , other wise no . 
  idk , abusing your power to block gay marriage after numerous votes passing it , having homophobic members , racist members , working with murderers , wasting half a billion worth of public money makes you scum in my eyes . 
  i do n't think of the uup as scum , just the dup , becasue they deserve it . 
  ian paisley was honestly one of the people most responsible for the troubles . 
  he sent his supports to attack civil rights marches . 
  i would , ian paisley was defiantly scum , arlene foster is scum , the rest of them are scum . 
  do n't blame us either , they do n't consider themselves northern irish , just british , so blame the english because it 's their creation . 
  * calls for internment * criticizes sadiq khan for the attack . 
  * praises the previous home secretary ( in charge of immigration and policing ) even after cutting police numbers . 
  i do n't even know why this woman gets any time on tv . 
  she should just go back to reality shows like big brother and i 'm a celebrity . 
  you can hit the button multiple times and the laugh emoji keeps coming up . 
  out of 6.6 k reacts , the live streem got 150 laugh ones . 
  this happens on almost every major news story . 
  he was born in england . 
  likewise you can support any army but is do-sent take away from that fact that almost every army commits crimes . 
  i very much doubt that brexit has caused a mass surge in ira support over 10 months . 
  so i am not allowed to have an opinion , an people ca n't agree with me ?
