most likely it 's polish embassy . 
  also , the embassy is just a couple hundred meters away . 
  china is a middle class of the world, 
  tears appear in estonia 's eyes, 
  good guy putin unites nazis and communists, 
  old record, 
  i dare to say , you do n't know what you are talking about . 
  what 's your source ? 
  turkey - 91 hungary - 33 romania - 43 bulgaria - 46 http://www.ihrri.com/ also , other things matters , such as democracy , freedom of press , economy , law , geography ( i know it is unfair ) , and most the willingness of a society to accept european values . 
  i ca n't see how turkey could ouperform according to these things any of the 3 countries above . 
  i 'm very pro turkey to join eu , yet i 'm against lowering the entrance standards just because turkey is already seeking eu membership for a long time . 
  the standards have nothing to do with racism . 
  there are obvious problems that eu asks to deal with because otherwise eu will have to deal with anyway after turkey joins , while turkey may be much less motivated . 
  it was not a noble move but it was pragmatic in terms that baltics should stick with a partner , who could have our backs in case of troubles . 
  additionally , it landed baltics an invitation to nato . 
  would france backed baltics otherwise ? 
  i doubt it . 
  too often france and germany chose russian side . 
  i can easily see how poland surpasses spain in the near future . 
  military expenditure is very comparable but poland 's economy has a brighter future and , even more important , poland has a bigger necessity to have a strong military . 
  http://www.rferl.org/content/france_agrees_warship_sale_to_russia/1952128.html http://www.economist.com/node/15514914 examples that baltics were involved from the beginning . 
  france for sure proved to be a responsible partner, 
  what annoys me the most is that poland and baltics were screaming that it is a stupid idea long before signing the contract but french politicians arrogantly refused all the critique and basically told them shut up and blamed that they know too little about how international politics works . 
  sigh , good old days ... 
  i like a sea to the east of lithuania, 
  what are they going to do ? 
  ban our food exports ? 
  cut oil supply ? 
  do some military exercise near our borders ? 
  start seizing our fishing ships ? 
  start propaganda campaign bashing our country ? 
  make difficulties for our transport companies to enter russia ? 
  threaten military invasion ? 
  damn they are creative, 
  browny pants at r/darknetmarkets, 
  this is a stereotype about norway ? 
  dear the rest of europe , please , stop bitching about russian sanctions . 
  sincerely , lithuania p.s.we do n't, 
  let 's call it gdl and riga maybe capital , how about this ? 
  we should join in one litvia/lathuania federation . 
  we would be stronk !, 
  another slice of salami ? 
  russia cut oil pipeline to lithuania `` due to maintenance '' shortly after lithuania sold a refinery to polish company . 
  milk anyone ? 
  fuuuuuck ... 
  yeah , bloody nazis creating a reich near baltic , which soon will take control of slav lands like in old times, 
   the russians name belarus , china and kazakhstan as their top-three friends , while having the u.s. , ukraine and * lithuania * as its top foes . 
  lithuanian-russian relationship : had a recent war ( georgia ) - no `` oppress '' russian speakers ( latvia , estonia ) - no have disputes about borders ( japan ) - no order to split gas distribution company for competition - yes russian priorities !, 
  the point of not allowing to write in polish letters is political . 
  llra escalated it to such a level by the way not without poland help that now overturning the law would be their win and political suicide for any lithuanian politician as lithuanians see llra anti-lithuanian . 
  britain , do you have anti-european politicians who are british and not married to foreigners ? 
   how much is that worth in eur or usd ? 
  blue-10 , pink-20 , brownish-50 , green-100 . 
  1eur = 3,45 ltl edit : fixed ltl/eur rate, 
  this all sound very bad but ... wtf was she thinking when going to the protest in the first place ? 
  nazis + antinazis in one place `` what could possibly go wrong ? '', 
  central europe , you suck in wining this non-singing contest, 
  lithuania - a nation of auto-traders, 
  i do n't want to be a dick in pointing mistakes , just numbers , which are higher , would make it easier to understand the subject . 
  for example , deportation only from lithuania to siberia was much higher than 90 ' 000 . 
  wiki mentions ~ 280 ' 000 + people who died in resistance , that would make almost ten percent of the population at the time . 
  i also would like to read op 's reaction to the answers, 
  check your numbers, 
  good point , but as eu ans us are net importers , i imagine the graph of consumption may look very the same, 
  i knew that american use much more resources but this is almost twice more ... and we have more people, 
  two things : 1 ) lithuania you are either stupid or you have balls of steel 2 ) if uk withdraws eu , we are doomed, 
  what program are you using to make this kind of maps ? 
  yes , we keep asking ourselves the same question : `` why we wanted to form a union with poland ? '', 
  well , even if eu and nato have not accepted us , we still would not wanted to join russia and better be on our own . 
   could n't they just move to ... that is how ethnic cleansing begins, 
  sorry which exact part was antirussian rhetoric ? 
  do you even read ? 
  my point is that turkey did n't stay aside . 
   turkey has been keeping aside of this conflict because it 's not it their interests to go against russia actually vice versus , turkey was one of the first to [ criticize ] ( http://lmgtfy.com/?q=turkey+crimea ) russia , as it does have a big tatar community, 
  i think this time they will make something less obvious . 
  110 % should make it, 
  there is no secrecy as you ca n't vote `` no '', 
  i actually think that 7 % lied because , why would you go to referendum when there is basically one choice ? 
  yes , it did . 
  however , in some countries it replaced not german but russian . 
  immigration to the uk is still higher after 2011 because of the language and impulse/network , e.g. 
  if i know someone that already in uk and could help me in finding a job i 'll go there than fr or de where i do n't know anybody . 
  language, 
  c'mon what source are you looking for ? 
  travelling , living and working without boundaries ( just count how much money people used to spend on visas and time near customs ) . 
  having a vote in a biggest economy in the world . 
  compare neighboring countries eu2004 vs non eu countries : difference in gdp growth , corruption level , foreign direct investment . 
  and for serious source just use scholar.google i 'm sure someone written a paper about it . 
   auto-sufficient economy for 70 years good joke . 
  you ca n't even feed your selves , not to start about goods that are not of primary necessity, 
  yay , we are first ... wait a minute ... 
  short translation : totalitarianism may come to russia for a short period of time . 
  the danger is not in police , army or other services but in people 's mentality . 
  people may start to live more comfortable under totalitarianism but soon it would end and they would start suffocating . 
  edit : grammar, 
  this can be `` done '' very fast . 
  also , they do n't actually need right wing nationalist or anti-russian laws , they just need to show that on rt.com, 
   the rt article https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jvdlox9n-lu, 
  if they get at least half of it back , they would not need financial help from eu, 
  there is an old russian ( !!! ),
