  germany . 
  they would fix our economy , roads , police ... everything . 
  i hope we could keep our women and language, 
  1 . well british is no longer majority in london , so london does not belong for britain anymore ? 
  2 . these polish and jews with which country they identified themselves more before poland 's invasion and regions ** polanization ** : poland or lithuania ? 
  according to your logic : whole poland for couple years belonged to germany and you did n't give it back after you decided not to have puppet communist government anymore, 
  i agree that she can write her name how ever she wants but still she should stick to lithuanian alphabet, 
  that guy is smoking some real shit, 
  i believe boilerbuttslutt was being sarcastic, 
  sure , why not if turks want that . 
  but they should want not only because of economic reasons . 
  both of them were from polanized noble lithuanian families . 
  nobles were speaking polish but identified themselves with lithuania . 
  many judge nationality according to mother language but it can be misleading . 
  also , it is interesting that some of them identified themselves as `` polish '' among other lithuanians but `` lithuanians '' for all others . 
  i think it worked with armenia only because armenia has issues with nagorno-karabakh . 
  armenia just does n't have other options . 
  master ? 
  i would call it amateur, 
  as further as more i think russians are not strategically using bat and carrot policy but they are just stupid . 
  they just mess up their relationships with more and more countries . 
  they kind of push `` their buffer zone '' countries into `` westerners '' hands , instead of achieving cooperation with them . 
  or if i 'm wrong could someone explain me this , please . 
  i think it is a bit more different , unfortunately i had to use google translate :(, 
  upvote just because you finished the sentence not with potatoes, 
  bulgarian guy bellow mentions that the monument specifically states that it is for `` liberating soviet army '' , not for `` dead soldiers '' how sometimes happens . 
  so at this particular case , would you agree that `` red army '' is an institution of the oppressing state and you can not demand respect ? 
  stay at home and reddit . 
  after three days complain `` what are you doing with your life ? '' . 
  next weekend do the same, 
  [ hmmm ... ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-wsr1nshxac ), 
  mexicans vs polish - that 's awesome , it is like staged . 
  america 's bad ass vs europe 's . 
  this is like boxing vs karate in 1960 's, 
   these soldiers have nothing to do with what the soviet union did after the war though fyi many things were done during the war and red army was involved , e.g. 
  [ katyn massacre ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/katyn_massacre ) , [ sending people from occupied territories to gulags ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/gulag#during_world_war_ii ) edit : [ nkvd prisoner massacres ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/nkvd_massacres_of_prisoners ), 
  well , if you ask old people , e.g. 
  in baltics , many of them would say that germans were better than russians . 
  so i understand the comparison between the two countries . 
  at the same time , i think that dead solder does not have a nationality and should be treated with respect . 
  but also , it is not clear whether it is a monument for victory or dead soldiers ( there is a difference and the later belongs in a cemetery ), 
  as a slow lithuanian ... hmmm ... maybe i should move to estonia, 
  i do n't know any estonian personally , but on a country level , they are doing everything faster than the other two baltic countries . 
  so probably no . 
  wwii estonia is occupied by soviets . 
  germans fight soviets out and occupy estonia . 
  soviets fight germans out and take back estonia . 
  estonian government announces warning about possible movement near the boarder . 
  we make jokes about estonians being slow , reacting slow or that time is kind of stopped in estonia . 
  so : a croupier in an estonian casino near a roulette : dear ladies and gentlemen , please place your bets for the tomorrow . 
  nobody jokes in soviet russia, 
  if they have lived there half a century and could n't learn it , then yeah , fuck them ( there can be a few exceptions of course ) . 
  they do n't pass the test because they do n't know the language . 
  they do n't know it because either they do n't want to learn it or they try to learn but are too stupid . 
  edit : they are disrespectful because they do n't want to learn the language . 
  if they try , than excuse me for thinking bad about mentally challenged people, 
  well , you probably have heard that there are quite a few russians without citizenship in latvia and estonia . 
  so they do n't have citizenship because they have to pass language and history test ( which maybe not nice from latvia 's and estonia 's side , but understandable ) . 
  it is easily googlable . 
  other example , could be riots in estonia when estonians moved bronze soldier to the cemetery, 
  example : if someone lives all their lives in a country and ca n't learn their language , so they are either stupid or disrespectful . 
  i agree when you ca n't get experts and bring them , but it was not intention of ussr . 
  they were trying to bring plenty unskilled labor , even potato growers , just to construct some soviet loyal population . 
  luckily due to resistance , our country did n't look very attractive for some russians . 
  what about latvia and estonia , it is strange that you 're not familiar , as you look informed quite well . 
  as russians feel that they are sizable minorities and think that because of this they can disrespect country were they live , its history and language, 
  well , it could be that you do not want , but you should understand the distrust on russians too . 
  also , the aggressive tone of some russians does n't help with it ( i 'm speaking from lithuanian point of view ), 
  the problem is that your current leader looks very sympathetic to this non-existing country and that some of his actions may give an idea for your neighbors that he wants that country back . 
  many big industrial projects were also combined with ideas to bring russian `` settlers '' . 
  they were not forced , but definitely encouraged . 
  there were no bigger conflicts , because russians constitute small part of lithuania 's population , so they are not in the position to do something . 
  on the other hand , look at latvia or estonia . 
  also , of course there are disadvantages about joining eu ( as everywhere ) , but advantages are much bigger and i 'm very happy that lithuania is in eu . 
  finally , i have nothing against russians , mostly they are nice people ( if you do not talk bout politics ) , but i hate the `` imperialistic '' tone of russia . 
  to sum up : population x culture of alcohol consumption edit : and money, 
  more probably like ussr policy was like this : `` i do n't care about your nationality as long as you are a russian '' edit : there was a huge discrimination according to nationalities , i think firstly because russians did n't trust other ( not that they were not right here ) and huge russification in all levels , education , media , working language , settling people from russia in areas were other nationalities lives, 
  i was referring to lithuanian polish . 
  but outside of lithuania everyone who caries lithuanian passport is lithuanian . 
  and you are right it is not common that media would mention ethnicity . 
  well , i do not consider that we have a lot of them . 
  there almost never were any problems here as in latvia or estonia, 
  i had the same idea , but why poland is n't somewhere near top then ? 
  you are not right . 
  we do have some russians , but much less than in latvia or estonia . 
  i never heard much in media about polish criminals . 
  however lithuanian poles and russian are kind of mixed between them in term of mentality and often poles use russian language , thus it is sometimes hard to distinguish between the two . 
  these bad excommie habits to throw people into jail ... 
  well , russians as always prove that they can be reliable partners . 
  gas pipeline `` maintenance works '' should follow . 
  there is a huge potential for growth in my country i see . 
  hehehe, 
  well reasoned points , thank you . 
  i agree with the argument that it is kind of a recognition of increasing lithuanian market size . 
  i even agree that to some extent ( very tiny ) it will make us more `` europeans '' , while better word probably would be globalized . 
  but i think it is exaggerated ( credits for pr campaign ) and thus why i 'm a bit annoyed , even if it is in my country . 
  i 'm not even talking about some poor guy from portugal or girl from croatia , 
  you got me wrong . 
  i was talking about consequences of the shop . 
  it will hurt manufacturers who target lithuanian market , i do not argue were in general lithuanians sell more .
