  saying that you can not understand russia with a reasonable mind : \u0423\u043c\u043e\u043c \u0420\u043e\u0441\u0441\u0438\u044e \u043d\u0435 \u043f\u043e\u043d\u044f\u0442\u044c, 
  quick reply , so no no new data added :  more than 60 % of gulag prisoners were russians without double checking your data . 
  gulags were not the single way to oppress . 
  there were a wide range of ways . 
  starting from pity , to mass killings . 
  also , relatively population of russians were much bigger compared to the rest and russians were longest time under soviet rule . 
  in addition to this , if a nation already suffered from famine , political killings , world war it makes harder to send huge numbers to gulags nope . 
   wait , where is your data coming from again ? 
  percentage of russian population in ussr declined from 58 % in 1939 to 54 % in 1959 to 50 % in 1989 . 
  it ca n't decline in ussr and in the same time increase both in rsfsr and other ssrs . 
  my data are from official censuses . 
  russian population in ussr could have decreased because during 1939-1959 ussr occupied new territories . 
   according to data at hand , caualties were about 3-4 mln ukraininans , 1.5-2 mln russians and ~ 1 mln kazakhs . 
  that 's not `` absolute majority '' . 
  that 's not `` did not suffer a lot from it '' ( 3 +1 ) / ( 3 +2 +1 ) = 0.67 ( ukrainians + kazakhs/all ) http://lmgtfy.com/?q=absolute+majority+definition  that 's not `` did not suffer a lot from it '' i take my words back . 
  i know that russians also suffered a lot from communism  5.5 to 6.5 millions well , ~ 7 mln . 
  is not `` double or triple death count '' then i 'm not saying soviets were nazis in terms of their agenda , but they were not very different from any other empire before with russians dominating and imposing their way of life . 
  my question would be whether they recognized the fact, 
   i do n't think that date alone can discredit data . 
  article = / = data . 
  arguments and opinions change in time when more data becomes available . 
  i can assure you that much more data became available in last 70 years , to such extent that probably the article is not worth reading unless you are interested what people were thinking in 1944 . 
   for wider coverage i 've provided you with obvious source which at least partially supported my opinion that ussr was oppressive to ethnic minorities  you forgot to list one nation that was repressed too - russians well , nazis put some germans to concentration camps too . 
  are they not `` nazis '' anymore ? 
  can you even compare percentage wise what damage was done ? 
   better half of a century is couple decades now ? 
  ok , i checked that for you : ukraine ( 1929-1959 from 9.2 % to 16.9 % ) , estonia ( 1934-1959 8.2-20 .1 ) , latvia ( 1935-1959 10.6-26 .6 ) . 
  but this probably does n't matter as you are avoiding the question anyway  not to mention that you did not noted how non-russian population changed in rsfsr during that time . 
  guess what . 
  the proportion of non-russian population declined while russian increased ( 1926-1959 78.1 % -83.3 % )  famine affected almost all ussr yes , it did . 
  i am informed about kazakhstan and other parts that suffered from it . 
  but is n't it suspicious that absolute majority of casualties were ethnic minorities , the ones that did not look very positively to ussr . 
  also , suspiciously russians did not suffer a lot from it , neither it disrupted russian population growth . 
   often by burning crops and slaughtering cattle just to prevent communists from making it public property yes , blame the peasants , because they were so stupid that caused their own starvation to death ...  soviet government actually helped ukraine ( amongst other regions ) to overcome it , there are tons of archive documents proving it as there are tons of documents proving otherwise , despite that deniers had 60 years to destroy them and power to create new history , while supporters barely had ~ 25 years to research it after 60 years . 
  and how soviets helped , by selling existing crops abroad during famine ? 
   `` ukraininan holodomor '' as a planned genocide is a myth lets say it was not planned . 
  still , it does not prove that they did not take advantage of the situation to hurt not friendly nation . 
  actually , there are documents and even living memories that proves hostile activities of soviets . 
   oh , and 7mln people is a gross exaggeration 7 mln . 
  is the most common quoted number . 
  it could be twice or three times smaller number but it does n't change the fact . 
  i asked for sources or proof because some russians fell very self assured what happened , so maybe i am wrong . 
  oh well , you could provide me with 1944 paper or some not clear article that covers specific part 1/4 of soviet era . 
  i listed you quite a few nations that were repressed , you totally ignored that . 
  i noted that russian population suspiciously increased by 10 or 20 percent in couple decades and you say it was only because of language promotion . 
  i mention holodomor were ~ 7 mln people died , you could argue that either it was unintentional or something , but you say it is a myth like it would be so easy to fake a death of so many people . 
  and after all that i live in a black-white fantasy world ? 
  you are a joke . 
  use your own advice :  go educate yourself already, 
   `` ukriainian holodomor '' is a myth i do n't think that we have anything else to talk about, 
  not only during this time , e.g. 
  also , does the time matters if entire populations were repressed , e.g. 
  chechens , germans . 
  also , the active repressions that started `` during the great patriotic war in the 1940s '' could take up to stalins death , e.g. 
  lithuania . 
  also , could you explain please how relatively fast in so many soviet republics russian population increased massively if there were no active russification ? 
  ukraine ( 1929-1989 from 9.2 % to 22.1 % ) , estonia ( 1934-1989 8.2-30 .4 ) , latvia ( 1935-1989 10.6-34 .0 ) , kazakhstan ( 1926-1939 20.6-40 .0 ) , tajikistan ( 1926-1939 0.7-9 .1 ) . 
  finally , there was an obvious motive to russificate , as russian were supposed to be the bond that ties a country to soviets , while a national identity was supposed to be suppressed because it could lead to wishes become independent . 
  on the other hand , what is the motive to help build a nation state ? 
  carrot instead of a stick ? 
  well , soviets were not so famous with that policy . 
  no , not at all . 
  because  compromised in the view of stalin `` only '' included : lithuanians , latvians , estonians , ukrainians , poles , germans , greeks , tatars , balkars , chechens , kalmyks , koreans , romanians , jews , belorussians , mongols , buryats , abkhazs , uzbeks , tajiks , kyrgyzs , kazakhs , turkmens, 
   stop hating all russian as a knee-jerk reaction hehe ... http://eastbook.eu/en/2013/06/uncategorized-en/92671/, 
  is it too hard for you to find more recent study . 
  it could be that the knowledge improved a bit since 1944 or you do n't think so ? 
  educate yourself . 
  according to your source :  the attitudes towards many ethnic minorities changed dramatically in the 1930s-1940s under the leadership of joseph stalin ( despite his own georgian ethnic roots ) with the advent of a repressive policy featuring * abolition of the national institutions , ethnic deportations , national terror , and russification *, 
  thanks for the link , but sorry , i did n't read them . 
  a paper from 1944 journal , seriously ? 
   how come all former republics preserved their national identities yes , belarus for example . 
  also , asian countries that even today extensively use russian language and cyrillic . 
  actually , it is hard to think about a nation that was not heavily affected, 
   one last question : if `` czarist russia/soviets '' really tried to delete local cultures so badly ... how come all former republics preserved their national identities , books were published , national theaters existed etc. 
  well , not very applicable for my country . 
  we preserved culture because people were quite resistant , e.g. 
  it was forbidden to write in latin letters under tzar , so books were printed abroad and trafficked to russian empire . 
  both soviets and tzar tried to colonize lithuania with russians , however newcomers were not greeted nicely , so it was not a huge success . 
  also , there are facts that i do n't need history books to prove , e.g. 
  obligatory russian language at schools , street and city signs even in towns were russian populations is close to 0 , unproportional amount of tv and radio programs in russian language . 
  i 'm not sure whether these facts are in history classes though as they are of relatively lower importance compared to other things, 
  why downvotes ? 
  this funny and sad at the same time . 
  congrats for ukrainians , that they finally stood up for themselves, 
  probably because they are scattered across the country and there are not so many of them , so they get rid of the idea to merge with their `` motherland '' and moved on . 
  also , one town that has a majority of russians has a bit higher than working class mentality . 
  i do n't remember that russian minority would openly cause any `` problems '' for lithuanians . 
   soviets promoted development of local culture could you give some examples or sources because from what i 've learnt from elders and history classes contradicts this quite a bit, 
  as a lithuanian , i can confirm this . 
  but russians in lithuania are probably a bad example , as they are not typical russian minority in post-soviet country, 
  i do not say there are no problems , and by saying what i said i do not deny i just want to show that not everything is black and white . 
  however , poland has nothing to do in solving these problems , except advising , and it is an act of unfriendly state to finance opposition in other sovereign state . 
  not the act expected from neighboring state from the same economic , political and military union . 
  additionally , if you think that awpl does not manipulate poles by overusing the `` attack on a minority '' card , you are naive or poorly informed . 
  yet , it is not the point of this discussion and i equally dislike lithuanian politicians using populist rhetoric . 
  thanks for the link and have a good day . 
  i asked you whether you let belorussians write their official names in cyrillic , i.e. 
  in their passports in first page not in bracket , and you sent me a street sign ? 
  however , i do not deny , that poland let more in this area than lithuania ( official names and street signs ) . 
  regarding the first link .
