  i can not and not going to answer to all the topics but i 'll just make remarks , to make you doubt the information provided . 
  btw the article is old and as things are changing , but not everything at a time . 
  * education . 
  lithuania adopted new new law in 2011 , which provides exactly the same rights to get education in polish as poland for lithuanian minority . 
  additionally , polish in lithuania have more subjects in polish and can learn from polish text books , which is not the case in poland . 
  the law was still very criticized by polish politicians in both countries . 
  maybe you can tell me why ? 
  * second and third issues we already discussed . 
  * regarding elections . 
  let 's look at facts , polish party ( awpl ) is represented in seimas and actually is in the majority already for a second year , have one minister and a few vice ministers . 
  they are also represented in european parliament . 
  also , poles ( awpl ) dominate local elections in their represented areas for the last 24 years ( this is important in next bullet point ) . 
  in addition , to the mentioned rule of 5 % , there is other rule that if several parties collaborate threshold is 7 % . 
  awpl ussually collaborates with other parties , yet the rule never was applied for them . 
  moreover , you can get elected as a person in seimas , thus the rule may be at all irrelevant . 
  districts are often changed in all lithuania , because of decreasing population and urbanization ( majority of poles lives in rural areas ) . 
  * land . 
   discrimination against the polish minority during land restitution in the area of vilnius , resulting in the dispersal of compact polish communities this is funny . 
  land restitution is a business of local authorities . 
  during all this restitution period poles were ruling in the area around vilnius . 
  additionally , the land is more expensive there , so the risk of corruption is higher . 
  for example , in other areas were land is expensive and minorities does not exist , the situation is comparable . 
  i see here a simple corruption by the same party that makes all these claims . 
  i would say they even tricked themselves in saying that they are incompetent and/or corrupt . 
  good one !, 
   i 'm sure you are just as irritated by lithuanian politicians scoring brownie points with their constituents by constantly dumping on poland and polish lithuanians . 
  yes , i 'm . 
  there were politicians that were kicked out from mainstream politics for that and it was a good move . 
  yet , you gave a bad example and i do not consider it attack on polish minorities . 
  it is more than obvious that russia tries to influence information in lithuania . 
  very sad , but poland become more active in this too and they do not even hide it , e.g. 
  poland finances newspaper kurier wilenski , which have had very controversial publications even for poland . 
  i am not even talking that , lithuania and poland interprets history slightly different ( countries have an agreement to do that ) but it seems that poland tries to sabotage lithuania regarding that through this information war . 
   we do n't oppress our minorities could you please tell me how we oppress minorities despite street signs and not letting to use letters \u0106\u0141\u0143\u00d3\u015aw\u0179  oh i 'm sorry i simply meant butchering one 's last name to make it sound more lithuanian . 
  if you mean butchering that they have to write dlugosz instead d\u0142ugosz , you are right . 
  i hope you let your belarus minority to write in cyrillic , otherwise someone may call you hypocrites . 
  edit : i would add that the signs are only one of many issues . 
  these issues are being addressed . 
  it could be that there were other priorities , like poor knowledge of lithuanian language , which probably resulted in income gap between polish and lithuanian . 
   why areas where polish people in lithuania live ca n't have bilingual signs ? 
   why after almost 25 years of independence lithuania was not able to provide legislation enabling something similar ? 
  well , the answer is complex and i am not sure whether i am competent to answer it , but i 'll try . 
  i believe that there are no signs yet because of several reasons : * politicians ' ignorance and other priorities from lithuanian side . 
  * lithuanians are in general very protective of our language as we are a very small nation , e.g. 
  there are limitations how you can name your company or what signboards you can have . 
  thus , we may be a bit stubborn in certain areas , you can call it insecurity if you want . 
  history does n't help either . 
  * there is a distance between polish minority and lithuanians , which leads that it is harder to establish something . 
  lack of communication . 
  * to do everything according to law , we need to change constitution , which is a very difficult task in lithuania , especially on not very popular issues ( look 2 bullet points above ) . 
  * the problems are being solved ( probably very slowly , but duh !, 
  politicians/bureaucrats ) . 
  * there is a bit of stalemate now , when lithuanian politician probably would like to do something about it but can not as it would be political suicide for them , because in eyes of lithuanian voters it would be `` a gift '' to a party which is seen as totally anti-lithuanian . 
  * street signs existed all the time and nobody cared , until this nonsense started and someone ( probably some smart-ass who sought for revenge or something ) found out it is unconstitutional . 
  so street signs is more a consequence of the quarrel than a cause . 
  i do n't mind polish street signs . 
  if they think this their priority , that is fine . 
  my problem is other . 
  i see how a few guys are making their political career by constantly dumping on lithuania . 
  they tried probably all possible european institutions and other `` more interesting methods '' like us congress . 
  nobody paid attention to them , european institutions did n't see anything wrong . 
  guys are just making pr . 
  but wait , some polish mp also see opportunity to gain some brown points by bringing money ? 
  they already gave id cards for every polish , so logical move would be giving away some kalashnikovs . 
  it is interesting how poland would react if germany would do the same for them . 
  additionally , i bet that if not that harassment , everything would have been solved already years ago . 
  but now it is stalemate , as one side can not do anything , because on the one side it is right thing to do , yet on the other side , it would be a sign that the method works and can be adopted for other questions , plus it would be `` a gift '' for polish political leader , who now has a reputation of lying arrogant prick and that would be political suicide for lithuanian politicians . 
   forcing people to change their surnames nobody forces to change their names . 
  they can write however they want , just they have to use alphabet that is used in lithuania . 
  but there were efforts to solve also this problem . 
  i forgot to tell that several times more than anywhere else combined ( i last figure was something ~ 120 from ~ 160 , while only 2 in belarus , but it could be slightly outdated as a quick search is to 2009 article ) . 
  what polish should whine is that regions that their party rules are among the worst governed in lithuania despite that they are around capital . 
  p.s.i do not have anything against polish or minorities , i do n't like when it is lied and picked on my country . 
  ~ ~ edit : for hyperbole i would say that poland is acting like nazi germany before wwii ~ ~ i got emotional , i take my words back , i like poland, 
  is it really the biggest polish problem in lithuania ? 
  really ? 
  do they really are culturally suppressed . 
  let 's see : * polish have polish kindergartens , schools , university branch , radio , newspapers , tv shows in national television * polish students gets extra funding in schools compared to lithuanian * there are more polish schools in lithuania than anywhere else except poland * polish have their political party that is in a majority rule at the moment and polish pick one thing , not of highest importance , and whine to everyone how lithuanians discriminate them and compare it with belarus ? 
  wtf, 
  * well , the fine seems huge , however it is huge because the guy was not doing anything despite several courts already ordered him to do something and he ignored them . 
  the fine is 100lt per day ~ 29 eur , so you can calculate how long he was not obeying the court . 
  * regarding surnames , they are lithuanized because some letter that exist in polish alphabet does not exist in lithuanian alphabet . 
  a polish-lithuanian woman sued lithuania to european court of human rights for that and lost . 
  * i see everything very politicized because ` polish discrimination ' is the main topic for a party representing polish minority ( electoral action of poles in lithuania ) , which btw currently is in the majority rule with other 3 parties and could do something if they wish . 
  * i personally am for street names and even for names in passports in the mother language , yet it is very sad ( and pisses my off ) what polish politicians are doing . 
  imagine the situation when russia ' mp brings money to somebody in poland who openly disobeys polish laws ( and gives away fake id and constantly picks on poland ) . 
  especially because polish minority 's situation in lithuania is far from bad and probably is better than in any other country . 
  the municipal officer was sentenced by court and got a fine for not removing street names in polish . 
  members of poland 's parliament brought money to pay the fine , which was relatively big , as the officer had not done his duties for a long time and already several times lost in courts and never complied with the decisions . 
  additionally , polish mp compared lithuania with belarus . 
  the act by many lithuanians is seen as interference to lithuanian internal affairs and a consequence of demagogic rhetoric by polish minorities party in lithuania . 
  i really hope that at least this project will go well, 
  shops should make sales . 
  something like : only now with latvian id lithuanian pienas 15 % more expensive !, 
  rimi !, 
  are you complaining about goods being too cheap for latvians ? 
  in lithuania , there is no serious separatism from samogitians apart some pride regarding language , symbols and some jokes . 
  every real samogitian is a hardcore patriot of lithuania . 
  there are some insignificant movements , that are not represented anywhere . 
  thus , it should be either green or yellow .
