  nicolas sarkozy opposed romania joining schengen ( it 's rumored that it was mainly a retaliation because he did n't obtain some important contracts for french companies in romania ) . 
  francois hollande is apparently approving at least a partial join of schengen ( airports only ) and it 's voicing this support in an official visit in romania where he will visit a recently built airbus [ helicopter factory ] ( http://economie.hotnews.ro/stiri-companii-21286599-presedintele-hollande-inaugureaza-marti-ghimbav-noua-fabrica-elicoptere-airbus.htm ) at [ ghimbav ] ( https://www.google.fr/maps/place/airbus+helicopters+rom%c3%a2nia/@45.6930477,25.5313143,17z/data=!3m1!4b1!4m5!3m4!1s0x40b35a0f14dbe123:0x5bb0ea2edf2a54ec!8m2!3d45.693044!4d25.533503 ) . 
  this factory may play a role in the change of the position , 
  french president francois hollande signaled in the statement tuesday at cotroceni palace a possible radical change in france 's position towards romania 's accession to schengen . 
  hollande said that should be held talks in brussels to see `` how do i bring airports romanian contribution to schengen . '', 
  french president cited in this implementation by romania in the european premiere , a passenger name record ( pnr ) , a european project essential in fighting terrorism . 
  invoking discussion in brussels on joining the schengen comes amid ongoing support which the european commission gave romania 's accession to the joint space , despite political opposition of france , germany and the netherlands . 
  `` me and klaus johannis we have the same priority : to protect europeans , `` said hollande . 
  `` security and defense europeans pass through border protection . '', 
  we recall that romania wants the 2011 accession to the schengen area . 
  last scenario provide accession initial air space , followed by space land . 
  we must find a solution to the refugee crisis by principles of schengen . 
  `` in the issue of schengen , romania is supported by france . 
  we discussed today with president hollande , and i think this approach is part of a european approach , `` said klaus johannis and the joint statement with francois hollande . 
  `` romania acts as a de facto member of the schengen area . 
  in this respect , it is for the benefit of the eu as romania come with her expertise in this space . 
  obviously , for practical reasons this can not be done probably at once ; and , as hollande and president said , we must make efforts in brussels to benefit everyone romanian airport security . '', 
  '' yes , we feel supported by france , `` concluded johannis . 
  omg , we were actually surrounded by france all this time . . 
  do n't worry ... we send you our fleet of mig 21 's . . to help at digging trenches or to literally plow in the enemy lines, 
  ok , can we have `` nucular '' bombs now ?? 
  nooo ... salam would be overkill !, 
  just send sandu ciorba , it 's enough for now . . 
  what putin said is intentionally misinterpreted to create `` news '' . 
  putin did n't talk anything about the border between ro & hu . . at most he pointed the fact that ** if we start to renegotiate post ww2 borders ** , not only japan but also poland , romania , hungary and germany could reclaim territories they have lost after ww2 ( hinting at the territories lost to ukraine : lvov , transcarpatia , northern bukovina & southern bessarabia and russia : kaliningrad & kurile islands ) . 
  also moldova is a state which is a direct result of ww2 . 
  i do n't think putin ( or anyone apart from hungary ) considers the borders dictated by hitler in 1940 as a point of reference to which we could revert the current borders if we started `` revisions '' ( the most `` natural '' point of reference is trianon but it 's not helpful at all for hungary ; that 's why they prefer exactly the autumn of 1940 ) . 
  putin 's opinion was that this `` pandora 's box '' should not be opened . . 
  it would be interesting to know if they blew up themselves or were `` sent with this sealed heavy bag to wait & meet someone at this x location '' and were blown up remotely at the approximate time when they were supposed to be waiting at x location . 
  i hear the best martyrs are those who do n't even know they are martyrs . . 
  now with uk out , i think it 's the right time for eu to pull out its neck from under the `` friendly '' arm of us . 
  us should pay fair taxes or take their capital and army somewhere else if they do n't like it . 
  `` si tot neamul care traieste pe acest pamant '' should be translated as `` and all the people/nation living on this land '' instead of planet . . 
  the first link is broken . . 
  so you want to merge ( `` merge '' is generous ) uk and france for the sake of some shared history or something ? 
  i think it 's mainly street cleaning . 
  keep in mind that in those years the horse drawn carriages were not forbidden to enter cities or use the major roads and it was a common way to transport goods ( to markets usually ) but the dirt left by the animals coupled with the heat of the torrid romanian summers required any respectable city to wash the streets . 
  nice , thanks for sharing . . 
  true story ... no , seriously . . :-), 
  we do n't have money for this funny thing called `` sarcasm '' . . 
  when we say we are poor , we really mean it / s, 
  `` in practice , the region 's status differed in no way from that of the other seventeen regions and it did not enjoy autonomy of any kind '' . 
  thank you and have a nice day . 
  sz\u00e9kelys count but they are not indigenous and they also happen to live in a small region in the middle of romania which was never independent nor autonomous ( and it 's economically dependent on the surrounding regions ) . 
  you ca n't just take pieces from a country where there are some compact minorities and declare them independent . 
  damn , they maxed out the potatoes . . 
  telling a girl that her name sounds like spitting . . wow . . that 's quite low . 
  i wonder if she told him his face looks like pooping . . she should have . 
  if i give you a link with the entire history of the region you will not read it because it 's too long and so on . . 
  if i try to pick a notable event , you dismiss it as isolated :-( . 
  inter ethnic massacres do n't come out of the blue . 
  usually it 's the result of a long conflict and that 's not `` stable '' at all . 
  19 years after these massacres the hungarians get official control of transilvania ( 1867 ) and start an aggressive magyarization process . 
  the romanians [ complain/protest ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/transylvanian_memorandum ) but it 's in vain . . ww1 gives them the long awaited opportunity . 
  that 's not stable . 
  stable maybe in your side of ah . 
  the eastern side was shaky as fuck . 
  nein , nem , no , thanks . 
  i do n't think france will turn a blind eye on a secession in a neighboring country . 
  france is one of the most centralized countries in the whole world and it 's quite allergic to the word `` secession '' . 
  if france turns a blind eye on catalonia , next you 'll see spain and italy `` turning a blind eye '' on corsica . 
  also , do n't forget that france collaborated quite well with spain in suppressing the eta from north of spain and south of france . 
  edit : just for the record . . 
  i did n't downvote you :-) ( i 'm neutral to your cause ), 
  i had no problem yet with the romanian embassy in paris and i have seen a recent french documentary about syria in which some french journalists interacted ( asked for assistance ) with the romanian embassy in damascus without any problems . 
   the czechs are the only eu and nato nation to maintain an embassy in syria . 
  small nitpick , romania has an open embassy in damascus too . 
  honestly , i think all those `` people '' were actors . . ( they sounded so unconvincing , that it must have been actors and the `` fake factor '' was part of the play ), 
   your beliefs do not belong in the 21st century well , no problem , but naivety is not a better alternative . 
   also , why does romania even care about szeklerland ? 
  you have no claim to it , and it is ethnically szekely/hungarian . 
  rom\u00e2nia annexed szeklerland in 1919 as part of transilvania . 
   by the same principles with which transylvania was given to romania , szeklerland should be given its independence . 
  self-determination is not something that you can use when you like it , and ignore when you do n't . 
  the szeklers have a right to an independence/autonomy referendum . 
  the romanians of transilvania asked hungary for rights , not independence , for hundreds of years and got nothing . 
  transilvania was not given independence by anyone . 
  transilvania was taken from hungary with war by romania and with the consent of the majority of the people in transilvania and the consent of the big powers of the day . 
  if you want to make szeklerland independent or part of hungary , you need to start a war and win it . 
  it 's not forceful assimilation but you want it to be . 
  how do you forcefully assimilate someone if you allow them to keep their distinct language , names , religion and traditions ? 
  forceful assimilation is what hungary did with many minorities on its present and past territory . 
  i guess it 's too late to ask you to not be a hypocrite ... 
  you should be more realist . 
  szeklerland is dependent on the state surrounding it and it 's a net receiver of funds from the government and it always was like this . 
  it can not just declare it 's independence after romania paid for it and have diplomatic , commercial and military relations with hungary which is an enemy for romania . 
  you have to be stupid to believe it will be allowed that , as long as romania exists . 
  both monaco & san marino are allowed some form of independence for historic reasons and are tolerated like that because they are perpetual allies of the countries surrounding them , otherwise they would be occupied & annexed in a minute . 
  the normal people in szeklerland already have enough liberty to keep their identity , culture and traditions but hungary will always try to destabilize the romanian state inventing stories and demanding more and more `` rights '' . 
  and btw , the szeklers are not hungarians ... they are a different ethnic group and we will hug them until they love us . 
  you should also consider that no mentally sane politicians of a state can give x amount of autonomy to some subregion without risking other regions wanting the same amount of autonomy or more . 
  romania with the szeklers is a lot like the eu with uk except the szeklers are in the middle of romania and they are also a region way too small to function on their own . 
  the szekler politicians want access to many of the advantages of living in a medium sized resourceful country but would also want to keep their `` self determination '' and pay as little as possible for anything . 
  that thing simply ca n't work , even if the population would be prepared to accept the szeklerland autonomy . 
   wan na see what will russia do then . 
  war, 
  the roman sailors were also known for the red bull binge drinking . . as the new archaeological discoveries prove, 
  if berlin and vienna are considered eastern european capitals then czech republic can be considered eastern european too , otherwise it 's central european . 
  figuratively , it 's often considered eastern european but geographically and culturally it 's 100 % central european . 
  this map is probably made up only to get reactions . .
