  and if the countries do n't take them ? 
  so no schegen zone there ? 
  so it was supposed to withstand or not ? 
  remember , these problems were detected in combat when no other nato rifle suffered had similar problems . 
  rifles that do n't melt would be nice would n't it ? 
  she wants rifles that hit their targets . 
  crazy no ? 
  yes , because what we need is more mindless brutality . 
  pray tell , how ? 
  sad but true . 
  just what i thought . 
  you should see the wild boys clip . 
  really ? 
  i wish i could gild you . 
  an unstoppable war machine . 
  and fuck they did . 
  still has the right chromosome count . 
  at least he got a date . 
  why the hate ? 
  we were already occupied ? 
  being occupied by a bigger realm does n't really change things . 
   for a few decades this is the important part . 
  apart from a period when we were occupied we were never a part of spain . 
  spain got its border in 1492 , we got ours in 1143 . 
  germans have long done that . 
  the german government not so much . 
  they may have tried but they did n't succeed . 
  i do n't live there  do ask in / r/portugal , they tend to be helpful to foreigners . 
   7-8 $ tough place to be an alcoholic with class . 
  or renamo to fight frelimo . 
  actually , it 's not that different . 
  except that instead of sending in your army you pay the opposing tribe to do the job . 
  or create one . 
  this is _ not _ a war . 
  if this were a war the european industrial output would be enough to glass the whole of the middle east . 
  islam would be found only in museums and history books . 
  this is the world 's biggest economic block trying to keep its public services not blown up while not thinking too hard about it . 
  so we 'll get people . 
  seriously , give me a real problem . 
  i was talking about the internal french services . 
  there 's been too many attacks in europe for them to be coordinated . 
  of course they would . 
  but if britain withdraws we ca n't let the eu crumble because then others would suffer even more . 
  and who says we ca n't hold the line without britain ? 
  who says the eu does n't already have what it takes to take on jihadis ? 
  but not people , which is what the intelligence services deal with . 
  in fact , i 'd say war has nothing to do with this . 
  oh yes , absolutely . 
  for a while , until we built capabilities . 
  nothing we have n't seen before . 
  smaller nations ran successful counter terror operations during their colonial periods . 
  or what ? 
  and yet small nations did it successfully . 
  there 's no two options . 
  europe is getting closer and closer brexit not withstanding and economic realities mean that eu security services will simply start to work closer together . 
  as for the cost , we 're not exactly samoa . 
  i guess we should start now then . 
  i do n't see the difficulty . 
  there is a definitive lack of political will in france to get it done , probably hollande 's inability to wrangle all interests that the 6 agencies represent , but to say its `` quite hard '' is an overstatement . 
  why does n't the eu up its intelligence capabilities ? 
  seriously . 
   if it somehow shows that you swipe regularly and there 's just one missing in a long time thats what happened to me , so having a record helps . 
  not really . 
  morning commute , half a sleep . 
  did i swipe in or not ? 
  ( this is what gets me all the time ) . 
  again , the whole `` we give you one free lunch before a death sentence '' would only work if humans are machines . 
  as i said , i 'm a multiple fare dodger and not a single one of them was on purpose . 
  humans live a long time , giving them a criminal record over something they can easily forget is not ... optimal . 
   the train companies will only file a complaint with the police if someone is a repeat offender . 
  i 've dodged fares more than once and it was always accidentally . 
  too distracted to remember i touched in or something similar . 
  to even think this gets to the police is insane . 
  i could understand if i did n't pay the many fines i accumulated but to be prosecuted for effectively just being a normal citizen is pretty insane . 
  seriously ? 
  guy gets on the train drunk to go home and ends up with a criminal record ? 
   which basically comes down to using a train without a valid ticket . 
  that 's a crime ? 
  should n't it be a fine ? 
  no it 's not . 
  so our immigration policy is n't a cheap copy of yours ? 
  in negotiations ? 
  chance of a million . 
  the position fell off . 
  something to do with this : http://www.spiegel.de/international/europe/pigs-and-protection-money-german-farmers-seek-their-fortunes-in-russia-a-808377.html, 
  when was that ? 
  i thought they were spelling `` fbi '' ... 
  i think the numbers just were n't on indigenous people 's side in canada . 
   with 5 million or more europeans turning 18 each year , the potential cost and strain on the rail system in popular destinations , could be immense . 
  this is bullshit . 
  start with a lottery and expand it to include everyone . 
  this guy . 
  did he go to ijail ? 
  they must be very worried . 
  sweden keeping it real . 
  who 's paying him ? 
  britain ? 
  nato is for external threats . 
  and the years of led in italy say the opposite of what op claims . 
   frankly american interference is the only reason why we have n't been killing each other for the last 70 years source ?
