i thought hitler had been elected ? 
  this is very far from what 's happening now . 
  in fact , i 'd say it has nothing to do with current events . 
   assad 's father dealt with a very similar conflict to the one assad is dealing with now link ? 
  i do n't think i 've ever seen european farmers happy . 
  holy crap . 
  the last of the last . 
  dat language , tho . 
  first time i 've ever heard about it . 
  not much of a threat to the catholic church , is it ? 
  but should n't other measures be taken before she was given up for forcible adoption ? 
  try to work things before traumatising everyone else ? 
  and why is the mother a worthless lowlife ? 
   church of ireland wat ? 
  probably ? 
  were n't they the cause ? 
   physically strong how do you know this ? 
  but not all of the west is france . 
  only a good chunk of it . 
   french cities  in comparison to western cities woah there nelly . 
  and they means the majority of britons . 
  i even wrote a whole paragraph of it here . 
  it 's not something i do every day . 
  neither do i after re-reading that . 
  could be . 
  but if the royal family were to say `` fuck muslims '' no amount of separation of powers would put an end to the bloodbath . 
  and most people are too fixated on the three guys who say the monarchy is passe ' to see that . 
  mind , not saying it 's a bad thing . 
  just saying that its overlooked . 
   and an 85 % approval rating uk-wide because of the queen 's personal popularity this is one of the most underestimated facts in western politics at the moment . 
  a creepy uncle ? 
  depends on how basic and where you learned it . 
  itt : a bunch of sleeping old dudes about to be very confused by geopolitics . 
  what about other eu migrants ? 
  and it was n't even going that fast . 
  i 'm not even talking about that . 
  i 'm talking about the fact that democracy itself is simply being pushed back . 
  we got so used to it we think we do n't need it . 
   we 're actually moving on to a period of bland dictatorships across europe this . 
  the judiciary and the press are too complacent . 
  the only stalwarts , as usual , are britain and part of the nordics . 
  what ? 
  some people will recognise that what 's best for the group is best for them . 
  others will be too busy with immediate survival or simply not have learned to think long term enough . 
  is n't that what the judicial is supposed to do ? 
   the other is ruled by convenience and in a way it 's pro-state because people want their caretaker in a position of power . 
  in other words , its real democracy . 
  people are supposed to vote for their own self interests , it 's only logical . 
  europe , 21st century . 
  op is portuguese . 
  might be confusing prison with jail , although i have n't double checked his numbers . 
  terms of protest ? 
  also , rape is not cool . 
  explain . 
   that 1/3 of all inmates statistic is bloody scary though . 
  probably the drunk tank . 
  got any examples of that ? 
  that 's actually a really cool flag . 
  and in science we definitely trust . 
  i have no idea what 's going on there . 
  that could be a cooking show for all i know . 
  this was the funniest . 
  where 's the defence rifle ? 
  france is a great country . 
  but during those two weeks , it surpassed god . 
  oh and what weeks those were . 
  they felt like an eternity . 
  in the case of isis they 're the only way . 
  you do n't negotiate with people who destroy history . 
   gorilla warfare you 're asking for it ... 
   trade agreements will not change our laws on gmos , or how to produce safe beef , or how to protect the environment . 
  until they do and then you retire with a nice fat pay check as a consultant . 
  the military kicked them out . 
  low level civil servants stayed in place , high level political leaders fled to brasil . 
  no , ours was started and finished by the military . 
  political parties then took from there . 
  we welcome you . 
  have you been there ? 
  if not , when will you ? 
  the military signalled from the beginning that they would avoid casualties . 
  the population was warned to stay home , the police to not meddle and the secret police told to chill the fuck out because tanks . 
  what happened was that everyone spilled into the streets and a street vendor started putting carnations on the barrels of the g3s , out of her own accord . 
  and the rest is a million pictures . 
   isoc what 's that ? 
  russia has always seen the ukraine as a buffer state , it was inevitable . 
  and they can hardly afford to invade the rest of the continent , nor have they threatened . 
  we should never have been in libya to begin with . 
  deter what ? 
  they have n't threatened to invade . 
  you are very very right . 
  democracy is about the people right ? 
  so who else should chose the name ? 
  some self-appointed moralist ? 
  i think it 's pretty cool . 
  and a very good example of the virtues of democracy . 
   punishments for speeding are draconian ( including prison ) link ? 
   demons run when good men go to war , as the saying goes that 's not a saying , that 's dr. who, 
  so they 're not deporting japanese nationals . 
  they put japanese citizens on planes to other countries ? 
  that 's why we demand all those papers from you .
