  and nobody ever said the 416 was cheap , on the contrary . 
   same holds true in africa . 
  africa is savana , open field . 
  i think the tavor is being adopted because it 's really good and these countries needed to move away from their cold war rust buckets . 
  and yet it did n't come from belgium , or the united states or sweden . 
  india is replacing its aks with tavors in kashmir ; african armies are equipping their special forces with tavors . 
  is there anything at all that points to that ? 
  then why is the tavor so successful ? 
  it 's pretty much the replacement for the ak-47 . 
   even switzerland had to be forced to let non-swiss companies bid on military-knife contracts . 
  link ? 
  they are using programs like these to push for european unity , lets not kid ourselves . 
  having said that , nothing wrong with it and the hk416 is a solid weapon . 
  i know . 
  it went from unknown to `` holy shit , i had no clue it was that good '' . 
  it 's too recent and not tested at all . 
  the leclerc was the little tank that nobody heard about and then suddenly it 's the best tank in combat today . 
  quite the leap . 
   and ~ 80 % of the german officers speak french anyway - while also over 50 % of the french officers speak german . 
  where did you get this from ? 
  the french army is standardising on the hk416 already . 
  wait , what ? 
  ... and ? 
  that blue nearly blinded me . 
  100 years from now you 'll have no clue what impact he had . 
  i think we 're a bit far from that , no ? 
  this is when the city was slowly becoming 3d . 
  lets hope so . 
  right ? 
  dat username tho ... 
   while trudeau knows you place one slightly forward and one slightly back to further stabilize yourself . 
  as any good boxer does . 
  that 's called `` a bloodbath '' . 
  tired stereotypes much ? 
  ah , the well known reverse salary . 
  is n't that infinity ? 
  was about to ask that . 
  why is this being written in english ? 
  police in portugal recently lost 50 guns . 
  germans and their organisation ... 
   the report said that in 2015 , the bundeswehr had lost three g36-type assault rifles , two g3 rifles , and one p8 pistol . 
  in 2016 , the bundeswehr lost two g36-type assault rifles , one p8 pistol , and three flare guns . 
  this is nothing for something the size of the bundeswehr . 
  do n't forget the dog trotting along on a leash . 
  ah , the joys of globalisation . 
   managed to bungle an invasion of finland is that why they ended with more territory than they demanded ? 
  they 're trying to manipulate their governments into doing so . 
  the irish have been busy ... 
  diplomatic incident . 
  the most surprising thing is how we ca n't kill this crap . 
  '' ... should you be caught of killed ... '', 
  yes . 
  has he gotten back to you ? 
  given their [ panda diplomacy ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zr2gpide4fi ) looks like they 're filling in the gap left by the us . 
  just like wwii was a long con to finally unite europe . 
  a good number of people who voted for trump did so because he 's not hrc , not because he 's who he is . 
  the two are not related . 
  and yes , you 're walking towards the chinese model , and that benefits absolutely no one . 
  what do you mean ? 
  omg , do they vote ? 
  not really . 
  judging by the article , i 'd say we have a problem with the press . 
  so , franco sucked as a strategist , communism just did what it did best . 
  self destruct . 
  well , nothing beats killing the people who are fighting for your cause , like stalin ordered in barcelona . 
  sort of helps the enemy . 
  big time . 
  when j\u00f6rg haider showed up . 
  the left did everything to destroy the left . 
  if it was n't for stalin 's purges franco would not have won . 
  right ? 
  we could even use the turkish af to solve the problem . 
  both the leclerc and the armata have impressive fire rates with autoloaders . 
  ... seriously ? 
  i had to collapse all comments to find out you drive a duster and not a leo , charlie or abrams . 
  i am very disappointed . 
  no , the means matter . 
  if isis has a missile that turns a leo2 to rubble like that we have a huge problem . 
  since they do n't , we can sleep a lot better . 
  not sure what you mean but destroying material so it wo n't fall in enemy hands is a pretty common thing to happen . 
  the level of bad pr of having isis ride in turkish leos would be insane . 
  that 's what i thought . 
  that 's the picture of a disabled leo2 that the turkish af then destroyed so it would n't be reused by isis . 
  the damage was done by a very large bomb dropped from the sky , not isis . 
  with the automatic loader on the leclerc ? 
  it 's an abstract tank . 
  yeah , there are specialised gangs that only nick challengers . 
   this happened to the turkish army late last year . 
  never heard of that before . 
  are there any other sources ? 
  because losing 10 leo2 's is pretty serious . 
  the inside of a tank is hardly quiet to begin with . 
  links on those numbers ? 
  should have use cheese and ham as stabilisers . 
  just stop . 
  please , stop . 
  ah , the old trick of waiting for the majority to die . 
   and we do n't have a military it 's now theirs . 
  because if they decide to land a t-55 in sicily and we do n't have a military * it 's now theirs * . 
  cool .
