  you 'll have less refugees hence no need to check for ids . 
  but with brexit and strong borders that need should decrease . 
  this conversation could go on forever . 
  i understand it , it 's just not practical . 
  having an id card means the work of the authorities is much easier . 
  lets agree to disagree . 
   it 's a principle of human dignity checking your id is not stripsearching you in public . 
   you ca n't go around asking people to prove they 're not illegally in the country unless you have some reason to suspect they are illegally in the country . 
  except times have changed and you may indeed have reasons to do so . 
  because you could be an illegal immigrant ? 
  what rights ? 
  you 're proving you 're allowed to live in the country , that 's it . 
   which gives police grounds to interfere in people 's business checking your id is n't the end of the world . 
   and can play into anti-immigration types that want to deport every person without perfect paperwork those types are already there , the id is just an excuse . 
  if it 's not that they 'll find something else . 
  username fits . 
  cotton . 
  candy . 
  get out son . 
  it 's already unified . 
  most countries use german equipment for their armies , and american planes . 
  til, 
  i thought the 6 years was for married people and how can you have income and not pay taxes ? 
   austrian citizenship is incredibly easy to get . 
  is n't there a 10 year wait where you need to pay taxes ? 
  you ca n't just show up . 
  no but it encouraged more to come . 
  well , these countries did n't cry `` we can do it !, 
  everybody 's up in everybody 's business . 
  you 'll be fine . 
  and the gym , otherwise you just get morbidly obese . 
  * passengers . 
  woosh !, 
  hey , this guy is funny . 
   it 's generally agreed upon that arnold was a mediocre governor link ? 
  somewhere a bored corporal said `` fuggit '' . 
  and someone interrupts you to check your papers . 
  no , the doctrine change . 
  why ? 
  right ? 
  ah right . 
  holy shit 1997 . 
  boozing in st. petersburg . 
  that does n't seem to cover eu citizens . 
  great game and all that . 
   stockholm-tallinn-helsinki-st petersburg cruises are visa-free and they stay in st petersburg for 72 hours . 
  explain that . 
  so you can jump on the boat and visit st. petersburg without needing a visa ? 
  right ? 
  i thought it was german for awesomebiscuit . 
  wait , are n't machine guns supposed to fire in short bursts to prevent barrel damage ? 
  are n't they supposed to be the thing you do n't want to fire in full auto no matter what ? 
  ddos the rifle . 
  got it . 
  that 's actually the only good argument i 've seen . 
  apartheid south africa was the exception that confirmed the rule . 
  how many of those does sa currently have in running condition ? 
  not making a huge effort here . 
  it takes more than the diaspora for an alliance to be successful . 
  you mean the 300k portuguese immigrants who currently live in the uk and all the marriages , friendships and business connections that occurred from that ? 
  they 're not mechanized in the same sense that european armies are . 
  there are no panzergrenadier units in africa . 
  they 're mobile , but not mechanized . 
  initially it was , indeed , enemies . 
  then the two countries used each other for geopolitical purposes , while personal ties between the two populations grew . 
  ideal for a country that needs to replace its aging f-16 fleet ... 
  what do you mean ? 
  we 're not australia but relationships exist beyond cultural bonds . 
  perfect plane for most european countries then ? 
  is this a brand new design or an upgrade ? 
  because the name grippen has been around a lot . 
  very much . 
  the idea that we 're bff 's is not misplaced . 
  large immigrant population there , majority of stories are of success and fitting in . 
  too old to move . 
  how does it rate agains the rafale and the eurofighter ? 
  not really . 
  here 's to you . 
  65 million to 10 million . 
   they were like the royal equivalent of a pug . 
  oh shit , that 's hilarious . 
  all 3 rifles you mentioned are made by hk . 
  lets leave it at that . 
  politicians have weird ways of bending companies that are in need of state help . 
  oh no , the hk416 is an excellent rifle . 
  but so is the tavor or , even better , the fn scar . 
  quality is not the issue here . 
  whose usage is completely different from apcs . 
   in other words : perfect for mechanized deployment . 
  no one 's walking out into those fields on foot . 
  in your perfect world . 
  african armies are not known for being mechanized . 
   ofc this is all assumptions based on future scenarios . 
  i do n't know 100 % . 
  i 'm not an expert . 
  just trying to explain the rationale . 
  the tavor is a solid weapon that does n't need much servicing , perfect for relatively uneducated african soldiers and their poor chains of supply . 
  each individual weapon is expensive but since africa 's becoming more stable you 'll be mostly doing police work anyway . 
  plus , not much else out there . 
  how do you know they 're the best weapons ?
