  she keeps topping the polls so what magical properties does the 2nd round have to keep her from winning ? 
  but always within international law . 
  in case they want to train faster ? 
  the snark is powerful with this one . 
  good . 
  just do n't get upset . 
  as far as i 'm concerned the eu was built to promote and enbiggen shit like this . 
   angola 's economy has grown by leaps and bounds from absolutely nothing to very little . 
  thanks to the usual suspects . 
  what do you mean ? 
  the country was devastated . 
  yes . 
   also , you are probably not feeling that your country is declining in comparison to a few decades ago . 
  this . 
  some people just ca n't see far enough . 
  former communist days ? 
  must be the polar bears . 
  i like the blank spot between portugal and castile . 
  is that the real spain ? 
  still no guarantee of knockouts . 
  or victory for that matter . 
  reminds me of how the soviet union would prop the economies of satellite states . 
  then what is she leading at ? 
   the second round will knockout le pen almost guaranteed . 
  brexit and hillary were also in the pocket and look at us now . 
  this . 
  a million times this . 
  it is n't a bad rifle except it is . 
  are you ready to fight with illegal africans and middle easterners for those jobs ? 
  merkel really messed up . 
  i think its hereditary . 
  so why is your flair the portuguese flag ? 
  salazar , our former dictator , had a policy of keeping the populace uneducated so it could be better controlled . 
  we did n't get bombed to oblivion but we had 40 years of disinvestment on education . 
  how can you even read this ? 
  true , did n't think about that . 
  i 'm sure they 'll be happy to stop paying for this . 
  times have changed and so did the people . 
  not in practice but it does affect the image of the eu . 
  and what do the little people see ? 
  one problem at a time ... 
  but this says they 'll always be denied no matter what . 
  which is a really shitty law . 
  so tina turner ca n't return to the us ? 
  and why are n't these people allowed to return ? 
  but they do n't have taxes for former citizens , right ? 
  but not if they 're former citizens , right ? 
  what you wrote does n't make sense . 
   also they try to tax you again for being a former us citizen . 
  can you explain this ? 
  more information would be nice . 
  so , what did he die of ? 
   like the bbc eh . 
  so they all look the same ? 
   also , we love portuguese towels and i do n't know why , but everybody has towels bought in portugal . 
  that all sounds pretty vague . 
  is law enforcement weak ? 
  we had several cases like that . 
  none reoffended . 
  says who ? 
  who were those 7 people ? 
  they already do ? 
  i mean , have you read the news ? 
  til . 
  you can do it , i do n't think the state should help you . 
  do n't try too hard . 
  they could run out of government again and then their economy could overtake the netherland 's . 
  ok , but what does belgium think about it ? 
  i was talking about zuid afrika , not the netherlands . 
  and australia , and the us and botswana and everywhere else that is importing south african farmers . 
  south afrika ? 
  which has nothing to do with the subject . 
  when does exploiting end and simply benefiting start ? 
  because our problem is not russia , it 's the crap press we have . 
  tl ; dr : we have a problem with our press , the russians had nothing to do with it . 
  it 's the only explanation possible . 
  nononono , [ this ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iwiup19bboa ) is . 
  i seriously doubt that . 
  i 'm sure europe could increase its weapons production if things were as real to us as syria is to russia . 
  still , fair election . 
  are they really more powerful ? 
  the technology is impressive but the money to keep them running just is n't there . 
  was n't hitler elected ? 
  it may need to be nurtured but it should n't be nurtured at the expense of the eu . 
  slightly better tho . 
  thank god ? 
   tsargrad is a niche satellite channel that was set up to promote christian orthodox values . 
   its name means constantinople - some indication of its religious and political outlook - and it claims an audience of about a quarter of the russian population . 
  merkel is colder and more precise than a laser scalpel . 
  til . 
  did n't you replace the tanks with apaches ? 
  i just wanted to use the word viking . 
  their only opposition is finland but too bad it does n't exist . 
   homosexual relations, 
  so native american women went viking ? 
  but first , the franco-german photo op . 
  and 50 % of the team must be women . 
   the first stage in assembling a european avengers team is filling out all the paperwork . 
  not even close . 
  you forgot the sacrificial goat .
