   possibly some intelligence cooperation to suppress `` undesirable elements '' like the fn in france i think that 's already pretty serious . 
   mainland europe is in the early stages of a religious guerilla war finally someone said it . 
  and we imported the guerrillas with open arms . 
  it 's going to be slow . 
  yes but is n't life always changing ? 
  if they get worse how do you know if it 's because of brexit or would it happen regardless ? 
  life is full of ups and downs . 
  how do you know you 've succeeded ? 
  and they deserve it . 
  oh yes there is . 
  you brexited , you article 50 . 
  whats the name of the fictional country they 're getting civilians from ? 
  get off the internet . 
  pink map is old . 
  here 's to new challenges . 
  no it was n't . 
  why , thank you very much !, 
  this thread is full of bro love . 
  it 's not islam 's fault ; sykes-picot was n't that bad ; toppling the dictators that kept the lid on things was a good idea . 
  this text just tried to reinforce existing ideas , which have proven to be wrong to begin with . 
  and navy . 
  no , no you did n't . 
  you live off it . 
  tell it to the estonians . 
  europe compares boris johnson to boris johnson . 
  that title made no sense . 
  i guess that settles it then . 
  no reason to avoid due process . 
  make a law saying they need to go but by all means let a lawyer review their case . 
  abuse by the executive branch can not be the law of the land . 
  it was perfect . 
  ... carry on . 
   except during the very final days of the way in a minor way link ? 
  think about what i wrote . 
  might be the first time you do that but give it a try . 
  true but nobody likes to have their elections meddled with . 
  what ? 
  new england is the usa ? 
  what about the rest of it ? 
  what are you on ? 
  we do n't speak about anything else . 
   or have them use their economic advantage to blackmail us funny . 
  because the world of the secret services is n't that secret ? 
  it 's closer to voodoo than anything else ? 
  the tech is in place , we just need to get real about it . 
  not the emotional crap . 
  that 's just common sense . 
  i thought china supported the eu . 
  is this a response to russian meddling ? 
  that was perfect . 
  yeah , you 're right . 
  _ double twitches _, 
   would highly consider retiring there if language was n't an issue . 
  if you 're on reddit , by the time you retire the vast majority of portuguese will be fluent in some sort of not horrible english . 
  oh yes we do . 
   they are catholics . 
   it has been a kingdom for almost 800 years . 
  you crashed and burned on the second sentence . 
  it 's had the _ same borders _ for the past 800 + years . 
  traitor . 
  the roman empire will rise again . 
  google translate just lost its shit . 
  ( it was sarcasm ), 
  truly one of life 's greatest mysteries . 
  we 're trying to avoid the complete collapse of the little there is . 
  no worse than the ones you get when mixing people of the same ethnicity . 
  and yet we 've been doing it for centuries . 
  there 's nothing wrong with multi ethnic states . 
  cultural clashes are a whole different thing . 
  the mai mai ? 
  ... 't was a joke , relax . 
  yes but how well educated are you ? 
  a flair means nothing in real life . 
  it 's the number of dead , not the intention . 
  you get the data because the occupying force is laughing in your face . 
  are you european ? 
  if so , then yes . 
  no , i mean disregard studies that use irrelevant data . 
  the data from the study was collected between 1997 and 2001 . 
  lets have some common sense . 
  because they 're using it to contradict facts that happened today . 
  because the data is meaningless today . 
  studies done with irrelevant data do n't help the government and its side of the political spectrum . 
  like this one . 
  this just gets better and better . 
  they really should n't have released this study . 
  this study is ... something else . 
  they ran out of weasel words at some point . 
  it 's genuinely amazing . 
   there 's also a large shortage of armoured mobility scooters in the belgian mechanized divisions . 
  thanks , til . 
  maybe it 's because they expect to shoulder work that used to be done by the us ? 
   since the end of the cold war , the bundeswehr has shrunk from half a million to 166,500 soldiers . 
  what cap ? 
   as member states band together against globalisation wat ? 
  and people complain about globalisation . 
  and everyone 's trying to point out that that plan is so insane it could never possibly work . 
  he would simply face a coup . 
  thanks , this was a pretty good explanation . 
  why ca n't she win ?
