also bulgarian here - i 've been doing well avoiding it so far , for today . 
  do n't get me wrong - do n't want this n-teenth case of self-immolation to be hushed at all , but i do n't need the gory de-humanizing details media vultures thrive on . 
  edit : i a word there, 
  i can tell you 're well meaning but i hope she goes to a better place . 
  there 's no recovery from 90 % burns . 
  and these are the only pictures i want to see of her . 
  or two-sk . 
  people here are just the biggest pessimists , and disillusioned all the time . 
  i 'm not kidding - [ gallup study : bulgaria citizens most pessimistic in world ] ( http://www.novinite.com/articles/103934/gallup+study%3a+bulgaria+citizens+most+pessimistic+in+world#sthash.p5hp8sit.dpuf ), 
  speaking for the bulgarians - i kinda figured we 'd be down on the ladder , but being last , even behind disillusioned greece - wow . 
  my guess is people just do n't `` feel like a eu citizen '' - we have the lowest salaries in eu , times below the average for the union . 
  people are just disillusioned - they thought ( naively ) that joining eu is gon na change their lives with a magic wand , and reality is while we 're better off and there are more opportunities than before - we still live in a swamp of corruption , idiotic governments that do little to nothing to bring us closer to eu values and living standard . 
  eu initiatives are largely invisible here , only used sporadically for the corrupt status quo political parties to get some political gain and then slowly forgotten and sunk in the above swamp . 
  eu funds assimilation ( i 'm not sure that 's the right word ) is partial , slow and hindered by bureaucracy , incompetence and said corruption . 
  most people here are pessimists in life in general , they do n't see much good coming from the eu - they just fail to reach them or claim and advertise the good they do with their funds and initiatives , so people just think they do n't help at all . 
  and what 's more - recent ( idiotic ) nationalist anti-eu parties ' sentiments use this and spread their propaganda to make people think eu is all the time hindering us and some evil foreign force that 's stopping us from becoming a super-power or something ... sarcasm 's lost on them . 
  ( i personally think that eu is one of the few straws that keep holding us to sanity , though they 're not doing a proactive enough job , and we on our own part sure do n't do enough too , at least not a lot of the people ) ** tl ; dr : people here do n't see much effect of eu 's policies in their daily life and think we can do without it just as well as with it . 
  and this was probably done to avert attention from the actual bank that was in dire straits - tsvetan vasilev 's cooperative commercial bank - the one that will now be closed . 
  or someone very opportunistic tried to sow rumors to profit somehow otherwise , but thankfully fibank coped with that well . 
  the effort to panic people seemed too well coordinated though . 
  bullshit , that 's only one song , not even an ep . 
  varna : l not surprised it 's the same in other towns though . 
  oh , there 's no need to trust you on that - it 's the same in bulgaria as well . 
  only i find it unbelievable in this case someone did not appropriate some sweet sweet euro-money over this grotesque , while leaving his sub-ordinaries do it in the most thoughtless way possible . 
  ah i see the almighty lafka was too big of an obstacle , they did n't even try to draw the way around it . 
  all roads should end at lafka . 
  fuck this shit . 
  i guess these are from the capital ( and `` most bike-friendly '' ) sofia , from some recent expansion , but there are a lot of other such comical examples ( as well as some overall not-bad parts ) . 
  my hometown is due to expand its bike lanes and is missing all kind of deadlines , with some . . any plan how still to be shown . 
  i shudder while thinking how they 'll materialize ( if at all ) in the end - probably just as hastily and ridiculously done . 
  for fuck 's sake , in bulgaria even a 50 $ bike is sure to get stolen . 
  it 's not so much incompetency or paradox , as competent corrupt assholes stealing funds and getting ahead of any normality , leaving ordinary people to fend off for themselves . 
  mostly pr stunt for boyko borissov to flex some muscles and say we wo n't let in any `` bad terrorists '' crossing from macedonia . 
  i ca n't fathom if any pro-albanian terrorist wants to hide why they wo n't choose albania or kosovo , and come to bulgaria instead . 
  also his statements about preparing for some imaginary fugitive crisis are nonsensical and crazy , considering he did n't let the army reinforce the turkish border where there has been a real syrian fugitive crisis going on for two years now , and only border and ordinary police struggling to cope with it til now . 
  and as people pointed out there are no numbers for the military deployed , so could be no more than 100-200 guys just for presence in the border areas and bold statements to ward anyone actually thinking they could hide or pass through bulgarian territory . 
  but nonsense , mostly . 
   there 's the new berlin airport , the elbe philharmonic hall and many more . 
  jesus , i had n't heard some of these cases , and reading about them seriously gave me the shivers . 
  is it really that well-lit or is the photo somewhat overexposed ? 
  because i 've seen other cities at night from plane , and while they do look great and shiny i do n't remember any of them glimmering so much . 
  beautiful view either way , though . 
  there 's absolutely no way that can go wrong , right ? 
  ** this is absolute bullshit of a title , the quote inside means nothing of the sort . 
  ** ** has anybody here even read what 's in the link ?? 
  ** you 're all reacting to a made-up title , quote inside is :  i would like to highlight that bulgaria 's position is to close all external borders of the european union - not inside the eu , but external borders . 
   to leave only the legal border crossing points where all migrants can cross , can be registered , finger-printed , checked their health status and fulfill the procedure for asylum for those who are seeking asylum . 
   the rest that do not qualify should be returned . 
  which is him saying all external eu border control ( bulgaria included ) should be properly enforced and immigrants checked and passing only through the legal border crossing points . 
  and besides - just you wait for boyko borissov to actually ever do anything , he 's all talk and political statements to divert attention from the internal problems and corruption as always . 
  and so far at least 3 other of the 7 attackers have been identified as french or belgian nationals , according to bbc :  ** have any been identified ? 
  **   one has been formally identified as frenchman ismael omar mostefai , 29 , from the town of courcouronnes , 15km south of paris . 
   belgian prosecutors say two more assailants were also french and had been living in brussels . 
   french media reports suggest three of the men involved were brothers , but police have not confirmed the reports . 
   bulgaria i get `` is bulgaria '' : * a first world country * weird * in sepa * in nato apart from the `` weird '' one , not so bad questions i guess . 
  looks twitchy as fuck . 
  there are a ton of countries in eastern europe , some very different from each other , but you want to lump us together in some ridiculous argument ? 
  you might want to take a look at that european map on the side of the sub more often and educate yourself . 
  the british isles were stolen by england and wales , at least that 's for sure . 
  i do n't know , i feel it 's aged pretty well . 
  i love watching it again these days , production is good and it is not a carbon copy of western cartoons ( as a 90s kid i 've watched a lot of these and also the older ones too so i can compare ) . 
  it stands on its own . 
  for those that do n't get it - [ cyrillic alphabet was developed in bulgaria ] ( https://www.wikiwand.com/en/cyrillic_alphabets ) . 
  also these 3 words are the same in russian and bulgarian . 
  you mean a bit [ like this ] ( http://59chaikovsky.ru/images/14118adad8.jpg ) ? 
  mmm ... mammaries . 
  wow , that 's a great turnout for just the first few screenings !, 
  must be a great movie !, 
  intel can go to hell , this fine was issued back in 2009 , article says it was `` 4.15 percent of intel 's 2008 turnover against a possible maximum of 10 percent '' , and they are still wriggling like a worm , trying not to pay it in 2016 . 
  what they did really crippled their competition with nearly a decade of consequences , and in effect made us ordinary users pay overblown prices for their products since amd could n't keep up in the high - and mid-end segments of the cpu market . 
  fucking hell , if anything they deserve a much bigger fine for delaying the payment for so long , not a chance at appeal . 
  just joking . 
  i 'm your neighbour , not some ` murican , no need to explain this to me . 
   but then again seems other people need the explanation . 
  i mean - though i 'm not super well-off , that 's not the first thing i identify us with . 
  and it 's jarring that for a lot of people ( ` muricans ) that 's the first thing in their mind . 
  so your version of that is almost `` why is india called india ? '', 
  but please , answer me , why is turkey named turkey ? 
  `` why is bulgaria so poor ? '', 
  wtf , is this what you think of us ?!, 
  `` why is greece broke ? '', 
  and uefa champions league !, 
  ( so we should also add some kazakhstan news asap ), 
  probably making a pretense too . 
  to what end - who knows ? 
  i even misread it as chechnya when i first saw the post-title . 
  also it was already happening even without the similar-name-change - [ czech republic forced to remind the internet that chechnya is in different country after boston bombing ] ( http://newsfeed.time.com/2013/04/23/czech-republic-forced-to-remind-the-internet-that-chechnya-is-a-different-country-after-boston-bombing/ ), 
  not happy about it - https://www.theguardian.com/world/2014/sep/29/ireland-defends-tax-dealings-with-apple?cmp=share_androidapp_reddit_is_fun, 
   us warns europe over plan to demand millions in unpaid taxes from apple they ca n't make them pay up their proper amount of taxes in the us , yet they 're sweating the eu is actually doing something proper about what 's going on under its own authority . 
  yup , not a national public holiday , but it 's a city-wide holiday so most local companies take it as a day off ( except mine : / ) . 
  beats me , but it may have to do with [ flying under the radar ] ( https://www.wikiwand.com/en/nap-of-the-earth ) too . 
  jet activity all the more suspicious then . 
  maybe they realized soon enough they 're left on their own with the coup and focused on more crucial things like battling the security forces and trying to maintain the curfew and blockades ? 
  whatever happened they were in pretty desperate situation , news report now for about 3000 military pro-coup detained or killed and that 's an incredibly small number of personnel to try and contain cities like istanbul ( 14 mil . 
  population ) and ankara ( 4,5 mil . ) . 
  no matter what equipment they had access to , that 's an impossible task for so few . 
  they clearly were counting on much more numerous factions/branches of the military to support them and were seemingly betrayed/led on . 
  at the beginning of the coup there were many reports of f16 jets flying low over ankara and istanbul with the coup 's helicopters , and people assumed they 're on their side since no fire was exchanged . 
  only many hours later was it reported that one of the helicopters was downed - so i assume whichever branch of their military controlled the jets decided at this point to go against the coup . 
  what they were doing before that and who were they supporting is to be found though as there certainly were jets in the air where the coup took place and apparently they did n't intervene in any way for hours .
