while reactionaries are generally associated with the traditionalist movements , i 'm pretty sure they can be anything , so long they are a counter-movement . 
  both the nazis and the fascists were reactionary , yet they did n't go both the same way in terms of ideologies . 
  that is because the nazis were a recent reaction to the comunists while fascists were a reaction against the modernists . 
  anyways i used the term reactionary for a movement that is born as a reaction , either to certain government decisions or even to counter movements as an example of my though-process : someone being against gay marriage in russia is a conservative ( because status quo is preserved ) someone being against gay marriage in belgium is a reactionary ( because it would imply a roll back )  in the us they 're more influential then in western europe , in eastern europe even more so , and then we have n't brought up africa and the muslim world yet ) . 
  usa is a very special case , almost at china 's level . 
  as for eastern europe , they will become more tolerant as their quality of life goes up , decent education and lack of suffering/struggling loosens the power of the traditions ( religion included ) over people . 
  sub-saharan africa still has to evolve , unfortunely by themselves and with many intrusions from ` humanitarian help ' . 
  i think it is unfair to expect african countries to be successful ** by our rules ** if they did n't experience the very things that brought us here . 
  it 's like expecting a child to start walking without teaching it first . 
  first off , sorry for that mess . 
  i was a bit busy and did n't check for errors ( logic and formating ) . 
   then how do you explain very catholic places like greece and poland are leaping behind on gay rights issues compared to western europe ? 
  those do not belong to western europe , i did not refer to europe as whole precisely because of cases like those ( also the rest of the balkans ) . 
  they are still reaching a good level of quality of life and obviously have more pressing concerns . 
  fighting for social change is a luxury , like i said before , it does n't mean anything to have absolute equality in misery . 
   [ ... ] something i showed to not be true . 
  you are correct , but i limited myself to point to the fact that they are n't nationalists because they i read that they wanted to secede . 
  nationalists want a big stronk country , not a divided one . 
  i 'm gon na use spain again , with franco . 
  they were natinalists , they tried to uniformize spain and because of that , separatism in spain will never lack justification . 
  the regionalist movements are not nacionalists . 
  they want the country to divide ( not to say sink into oblivion ) , they want their region to be independent and want to rupture with the central government politics . 
  they are reactionaries in that sense . 
  in spain 's case ( and england 's too ) they are more socialist-friendly since the government 's conservative while in belgium ( as you say ) they are anti-gay ( i did n't spend too much time reading their manifesto to go in detail ) . 
   [ the authoritarian argument ] i 'll have to agree with you , but i 'm not convinced . 
  i 'll rechearch this so called belgium for further reference . 
   i 'm not . 
  you asked `` is there really any anti-gay rights cause at all ? '', 
  and i said there are , what their motivation was etc. 
  i really do n't know what you 're looking for now , to be honest . 
  it seems like you 're paranoid for some reason . 
  you asked a question and i gave you an answer . 
  it could well be that my answer does n't satisfy your needs , but that 's no reason to start behaving so aggressive towards me . 
  i 'm sorry if i appeared agressive , indeed your answer left me confused and a bit frustrated since my question brought unprocessable results ( a wrong question wont bring a right answer ) . 
  but the truth is that i can not make the question any better as of now . 
  i mean , there are movements for a lot of things yet most of the time only a handful actually is capable of making change ( generalizing here ) . 
  just because you see people critizising gay marriage , that does n't mean there is any kind of threat , it 's impotent rage most of the time . 
  i took a more offensive discourse because it seemed ( and still does ) that you either were amplifying the reallity or that you were afraid they got some truth in their words ( that irracional fear , a.k.a insecurity ) . 
  since you got so defensive , i think i might have hit something , my bad ( again ) . 
  sure , homosexuals , like any other ` adulterer ' will go to hell ( in the bible , adulterer is a very broad term . 
  just getting your dick hard for looking at a nice lady makes you an adulterer and you 're going to hell ) . 
  only protestants do literal intrepertation from the bible ( but i 'm not very knowledgeable about them ) . 
  on the other hand , the bible clearly states that if you do n't provide help/support to them ( homosexuals ) should you be able to , you are failing god and thus you 'll go to hell for that as well . 
  as far as my knowledge of the bible goes , being gay is about as bad for your eternal life as having sex with a animal or being a thief . 
  which is less bad than just being rich or being a pharisee ( pharisees went to become rabinic jews , that are the main branch of judaism ) . 
  the bible has clear passages against pretty much anything . 
  if you think gays are bad in the bible you should see the amount of times the rich ( it was expected from the anyone to share all of their fortune , otherwise they are greedy and probably rich as well ) , the pharisees ( and the temple holders ) , the blasphemers ( think twice before you say omg next time ) , the liars , etc get sent to hell . 
  the modern catholic concept of christianity goes more or less like this : by default you go to hell , but since jesus died for your sins , you are now free . 
  so be thankful and try to lead a good , honest life or else you are making your savior look bad ( punishment may or may not be served ) . 
  / s bible thumpers are retarded and offen wrong , i know , i was just giving prespective into the subject . 
  it 's funny how similar those 2 groups ' situation is currently and how much they hate each other . 
   please show me this world you 're living in where religion lacks support to influence politics . 
  in the backwater of europe , portugal . 
  i ca n't see how can religious factions can have any power in most western europe at all . 
  in case you did n't check your facts , most protestant europe has very high amounts of both atheism and religious agnosticism . 
  you 're just fearmongering  all nationalists are populists ? 
  do you even know what populism is ? 
  for your information , it 's not `` doing what 's currently popular '' . 
  and they do so , just because the regionalists ( because those guys want to secede , right ? ), 
  in your country are anti-gay rights does n't mean all do ( see the catalan party for that matter ) . 
  most nationalist parties tend to distance themselves from conflictuous/fracturating positions . 
   wtf are corporativists ? 
  do you mean corporatists ? 
  those are n't necessairy authoritarian ( and neither is communism btw ) . 
  yes , my bad . 
  both comunists and corporatist are authoritarian by default , one can argue that it is possible to be somewhat liberal but it 's a matter of time until power is centralized to a point where it 's too hard not to dominate . 
   dude , even putin calls it a `` western degeneracy '' . 
  yeah , i bet he 's shill that browses / pol / daily , sure . 
  because putin is a wise person ( maybe even an intelectual ) and everything he says does not serve an agenda at all . 
  how does that make it shaky ? 
  if they consider it degenerate , they consider it degenerate . 
  god , you 're dense . 
  how can you be so worried about people thinking diferently ? 
  people judge ( and should ) , but why should you care about what they think ? 
  trostkyists have an habit of calling anyone less extreme than them fascist or nazi ( i no longer talk much to people in protests because of that ) , why should i be able to silence them just because they were calling me things i do n't like ? 
  it 's their opinion , and we live in a free country . 
  same thing for every single politically active group . 
  calling people degenerate is literally this : you are behaving diferently from the rest . 
  it 's like a little kid 's tantrum  lol , have you even seen an anti-gay rights protest ? 
  i can assure you they do n't use arguments in the trend of `` we have nothing against gays , but think of all that bureaucracy , man '' . 
  no , they are mad . 
  they are mad that gays took something they believe they did n't deserve . 
  and they want everyone to know they wo n't be silenced . 
  i just pointed out , that most actually good points against gay mariage are bureocratic , not that people disagree with gay mariage because of them . 
   gay rights are more than just marriage . 
  marriage was what we were talking about , i believe . 
  if not , my bad . 
   other then the benefits marriage gives ? 
  symbolism , having equal rights . 
  that makes little sense , you do n't see men protesting because they do n't have paternaty leave ( in places it does n't exist ) or private sector workers protesting for more rights just because symbolism . 
  symbolism by itself does n't motivate anything , just be honest and accept they are in for the dosh . 
   i assume there are other , more simple , ways to achieve that . 
  they used other ways here , we now have a debt amounting to 120 % of our gdp , but truth be told that it was n't just keeping the people happy ( but the 90 's were out of this world ) . 
   then how do you explain that the countries with the best established gay rights , also in many cases happen to be the most wealthiest ? 
  you 'd think that other countries with their economy even more in the drain would focus on it , no ? 
  ever heard of the maslow 's hierarchy of needs ? 
  poor countries ( and poor people ) are far more concerned with their survival / sustentability than luxury things they might not be able to make use . 
  that 's why most developed countries are into the bandwagon while the others not so much . 
  usa and japan are their own case really . 
  it might be because the changes are still fresh in their minds .
