  slovenia , croatia 's ticket out of the balkans ? 
  [ this ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=shhrzgojy1q ), 
  at first thought , bosnia and herzog and revive the kingdom . 
  on second though hungary or more likely slovenia sounds brighter . 
   i 've become bitter with this sub in general yep, 
  thought it said goulash at first . 
  quite disappointing . 
  poles , some of the most resilient europeans . 
  i have my take , bosniaks have there 's , i wanted a serb from rs ' take on it . 
  well , it is good to be self sufficient . 
  i am . 
  should i have insulted him to better meet your expectations ? . 
  but now are you really northern irish ? 
   serbs are more spread out and their largest city in rs , banja luka is barely 200,000 . 
  makes sense actually . 
  damn , i 'm all for people having their independent countries if they feel it 's best , but part of me wishes croats serbs , slovenes bosniaks montenegrans etc managed to get along and nationalists were very tiny minority . 
  croats and serbs especially . 
  as far as europe goes , we are the two ethnic groups with the most in common culturally , linguistically and historically for over a thousand years to my knowledge . 
  ah , i was going by population alone . 
  but hey , it 's the balkans . 
  border may change any minute . 
  but in all seriousness , how did bosnian serbs end up creating a rs that is half of bosnia yet make up 35 % ? 
  not saying its bad , just curious how that occurred . 
  by the way i really like your name . 
  honestly that 's the thing . 
  people hear croat or serb war criminal and think it was a untied front among the entire ethnic group in the region . 
  black & white makes for a simpler story i guess . 
  like a self destruct button ? 
  well if its done without violence , people might actually listen . 
  meh the croatian muslims got to west half , and the serbian muslims go to east half . 
  but do n't serbs make up around 35 % of bosnia ? 
  a fuck it . 
  lets split it 50/50 . 
  serbia gets east half croatia gets west half . 
  everybody winds ! ^ except ^ bosniaks, 
  to serbia via helicopter lift . 
  hehe , montenegro is what we all aspire to be . 
  to kick back , relax and rise to the top . 
   next thing they 're gon na do is put kosovo above hungary because `` aww new country let 's help em '' it 's that new country smell . 
  but once the new smell wares off . 
  it 's like meh , not special anymore . 
  the first rise was so good , jesus did an encore !, 
  they know what 's up . 
  i thought it was because jesus got tired . 
  took a week off and then rose in the remaining countries ? 
  that 's cute . 
  nationalism is one helluva drug . 
  i am aware of one , the `` duck tape murderer '' recently released , which i strongly disagree with happening . 
  but the croatian supreme court has had his repeal revoked and sent back to prison . 
  there have been those from the serbian side `` released '' as well not serving full sentences . 
  it 's just how it is . 
  it really depends who you are and where in the country you were . 
  some aspects was nice . 
  socialized medicine for one . 
  it varies person to person . 
   yes there were a lot of foreign powers pushing for yugoslavia 's dissolution funny thing his at first in the us , the bush administration was for yugoslav unity , then it changed . 
  he is on temporary leave right ? 
  i 'm sure there were . 
  just as there were other serbian leaders who have done worse . 
  i stated multiple times already that he does n't deserve to be prosecuted for it . 
  i 'm not the well read on why is it that his trial out of all trials that ever occured went on for so long . 
  why he is such a major catch is beyond me . 
  but without a court , who would prosecute those who did commit crimes ? 
  it 's a mixed bag . 
  there would have been no justice at all . 
  just for reference , who were some that you feel were worse than seselj and were not indicted from croatian side ? 
  i 'm sure there were some , just are there any in particular ? 
  so his rallys calling for croats to leave vojvodina did nothing to promote hatred ? 
  members ( not all ) of the serbian radical party organized and participated in the expulsion of the croats . 
  the president of that party was seselj at thr time . 
  he even instructed some associates to send death threats . 
  his speeches isnpired supporters to engage in ethnic cleansing practices.because that was the point i was making . 
  i never said he was the soul reason . 
  there were croats doing the same in croatia . 
  sorry , but he is definitely part to blame . 
  i ca n't understand why you are trying to victimize him . 
  there were key players to the escalation to violence during the war on multiple fronts . 
  he was one of them . 
  even today he leads in keeping the hate alive . 
  man that 's a nice cue . 
  croats still need [ improvement ] ( http://www.likecroatia.hr/wp-content/uploads/2013/06/waiting-in-line-again-again-again.jpg ), 
  some are very french some not so french . 
  it 's a mixed omelette . 
  i did n't realize this is a question . 
  i assumed they are . 
  there is a lot of distrust of the west in russia . 
  will take more time before trust can be repaired . 
  japanese people seem to be fans of [ european culture ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=o1vddegvx8y ) . 
  then what was ironic about the statement . 
  seems fair and accurate . 
  i even stated earlier that he should n't be indicted for simply being a hateful individual . 
  everyone has their right to opinion . 
  i know they found no direct links to violent acts by him . 
   he has his moments , sure . 
  he 's said a lot more than just that , though , and you know it . 
  i agree . 
  but my point is the many low brow insults such as `` ustase whore '' sets back his points . 
  people are less likely to take you seriousely if you respond in bigoted insults . 
   oh , the irony ... really ? 
  are you saying that croats are n't allowed to be victims ?
