  it 's a law . 
  why are we not holding tournment organizers accountable then ? 
  why are we not holding tournment organizers accountable then ? 
  get some new people then !, 
  `` i want valve to make more games !, 
  but only the ones i specifically enjoy !!! '', 
   more complex, 
  that 's actually bad when it comes to a competitive game . 
  that 's exactly what cs go has over everything else , it 's simple as fuck , only the snipers and 2 rifles can be aimed down sights so everything else is pure mechanics with no more rng attached ( still there is some , but thats a more complicated matter ) . 
  on top of that it 's stupid simple rules make it for a great watching esport . 
  think of it like soccer , there are a gazillion more games that are more `` complex '' and difficult , however due to soccer 's simplicity in rules and gameplay it 's a giant success , anyone can play it , you only need a ball and 2 shoes to make a goal . 
  add that to the x factor of everyone loving to dribble a ball around with their feet and you made a hit . 
  cs go is the same , simple , easy to grab and play 8any old machine can kinda run it ) and the mechanics feel great . 
  is this the girl from overhaulin ' ? 
  although i fucking hate wasteland i agree with this , it actually starts to become boring playing the same arena over and over . 
  wow !, 
  wow !, 
  what a save !, 
  its venice bro, 
  im actually surprised their servers do n't shit themselves more often . 
  rocket league is rocking hard on it 's success for a long time now and their servers still crap out every friday night, 
  everything is slow as fuck and it keeps going offline, 
  you could do the exact same arguement for the dmca abuse though, 
  same problem in eu , lobbies are also slow as shit, 
  why not ? 
  it 's just too frustrating . 
  i 'm in the early lvl 's of every class , with the basic cards + 2 or 3 packs , and there is not a single class that i play that can beat a mage . 
  every fuckin time i get all my minions removed and then , late game it 's just hammering me with the minions he has been saving . 
  what am i supposed to do ? 
  i 've watched hours of hearthstone videos , learnt what i could and now when i try to apply it to the game it just gets me frustrated thanks to this god damn class . . 
  so if hunter 's hero power seems to be the broken thing about this class , what ideias do you guys have to make it suitable and on par with other hero abilities ? 
  i have some hundreds of hours playing dayz mod and i have n't played in a while . 
  now that i 'm on a little vacation i decided to go back to chernarus with some friends but i would like to know what is the best mod now and some good private hives to play in since combat logging and hacking was a big issue back when i last played it . 
  thank you !, 
  the same goes with minions spawned by hero abilities like the one from paladin and the one from shaman . 
  it 's just that there are a lot of cards with adjacent related effects ( flatongue , betrayal , defender of argus , etc. . . ) and not being able to choose where to put those minions is quite a big deal if you are facing one of those cards or if you are using one of them . 
  your thoughts ? 
  p.s : deathrattle spawns like the one with golem are fine the way they work now . 
  but when i do , blizzard makes sure it is one of the worst . 
  it 's my first one < 3, 
  anyone else having this problem ? 
  i was playing fine 30 min ago and now everytime i try to join a server it fails to join and never goes beyond the `` connecting to server '' thing ... 
  am i the only one ? 
  cause it really confuses me . 
  i started programming in java this semester and the teacher basically threw it at us and we now have to kinda guess how to get things done . 
  the game in question is tic tac toe and i essentially have a class called game thread that handles all the game logic ( who wins , who plays , send packets to the server , etc ) and one single server to deliver packets and recieve them from both clients . 
  the problem i 'm facing now is that i have to somehow run 2 games in the same server , meaning 4 clients connected 2 by 2 . 
  i 'm trying to use an hashmap to create 2 instances of my gamethread class but i have no idea how to do it . 
  any help would be appreciated , i 've been googling it for hours and i have no idea what i 'm reading : /, 
  hey guys , kinda new player here , lvl 8 with 900 battle points and for the 3rd time today i got destroyed by a riki . 
  this last one really pissed me off because he farmed nearly nothing in my lane . 
  i was mirana and was laning bot with earthshaker , we drew first blood by killing riki , we then haressed him and zeus until we killed the tower . 
  however our top conceded a double kill and from there on we got destroyed . 
  somehow , i was lvl 12 , their rubick was 14 , their zeus was 13 and riki was fucking 23 . 
  and its this shit every game , even though we kept buying sentries , dust , etc, 
  i just do n't get what i am supposed to do to be able to effectivly counter him . 
  every game i play against him in lane i can haress and even kill him , but then you giveaway one tiny gap and he explodes out of control . 
  what do pro players do to counter him ? 
  since he is never picked in competitive matches , i must be missing something ... 
  ps : sorry if this is asked a lot by noobs like me , but it 's starting to get really annoying and the only thing people tell me to do is get sentries . 
  well i do , and i still get pwned . 
  omg reynad omg dreamhack laid back so good omg so good dreamhack omg kirpp hates reynad omg reynad is the guy from twilight omg i love his hair omg 5 innervate arena . 
  hey guys , i 've been playing the guitar for about 4 years now . 
  i have the basic grasp of it , can play most of the rock classics and already have in mind the route i want to go on when it comes down to writing songs . 
  the problem is that i 'm kinda lost on what scales i should be learning . 
  i know the pentatonic and the blues variant , 4 or 5 modes of the minor and the basic 1-3-5 , 1-3-5 , 1-2-4 major . 
  where should i be heading now ? 
  should i just practice the major and minor or is there anything else i can learn that will really help me in the writing area ? 
  hey guys . 
  i bought compendium to help out on the stretch goals and a few of my friends who also play the game did n't , so they have a bunch of points that they wo n't use . 
  my question is , can they give me those points ? 
  thanks . 
  getting tired of being fountain camped . 
  at least once i day i get that happening to me . 
  they do n't kill the towers/rax 's , they just stay there with their stupid ass pudge hooking from outside . 
  there isnt even a report option for this , wtf ? 
  hey guys, 
  i 'm a newbie in dota , ~ 220 hours on steam and i kinda grasp the basics of the game . 
  when i first started i died a lot and got flamed hard ( guess that is kinda normal ) but that made me not want do die more than i want to kill people so usually i 'm too afraid do go forward and go for a kill , i 'm usually just sitting in the back praying to not get killed . 
  i should say that i play supports the most . 
  i 've played 2 games with kotl and i really liked it , played veno , lich , jakiro , etc etc but even when i 'm going with carries , i 'm usually too afraid to get things done . 
  what can i do to improve this ? 
  i mean we have the minions that buff other minions , both temporarly and permanent , there is the 3/3 guy who gives garrosh a 2/2 weapon , but no minion gives your character damage directly . 
  would it be bad ? 
  me and my friend are having this problem . 
  it 's not always , sometimes i alt + tab normally , but every now and then , when i alt + tab i get a black screen with my cursor in the middle . 
  anyone having this issue or knows how to solve it ? 
  what i mean is that because it is a point and click ability , it will stop where you click it to go . 
  usually i click in the hero i want it to affect , but i see pro players playing invoker and they always throw it max range . 
  how do they do it ? 
  do they click on the minimap ? 
  or is there a key/combination of keys that will throw it max range even if you click near your character ? 
  this has been happening to me for a while now , it also happens with sk burrow strike and other abilities that i ca n't recall of right now . 
  hey guys , quick question that i do n't seem to find an answer to : how do i install the 1.63.125548 game version for arma 2 so i can play the dayz mod ? 
  i 've installed play withsix and everytime i check for an update it tells me the game is already running the latest version ... 
  i do n't know very much about pedals but i wanted one to start playing around with and i really dig prog metal/rock , intrumental rock , psychadelic , etc. 
  so what effect would you guys advise me to get ? 
  ps : i already own one of those digitechs 100 in 1 . 
  hey guys, 
  quick question : does the kunkka boat deal damage if your target is in the torrent ?
