  if you do n't exexperience good players with good decks playing you will never have a goal other then playing around pointlessly . 
  if you want to become good , you will have to lose to people like this so you can learn and grow up . 
  thats from personal experience . 
  i think right now you need to understand 3 basic concepts : hp , board control , card advantage . 
  the first one is obvious , both players start at 30 hp so the one who has more hp usually is kinda in the lead . 
  now i say `` kinda '' in the lead because the other 2 concepts come into play : card advantage is the amount of cards you have in your hand . 
  the player who has the most cards in his hand usually has more options to deal with threats so he can gain board control . 
  board control is the number of minions you have in play and , again , usually the guy who has more of those is better placed . 
  if you proceed to have all 3 of this concepts during a game , you can say you are ahead and then it all comes down to the plays you make . 
  i would advise you , for a newbie like you , to watch some totalbiscuit 's hearthstone videos . 
  he is not even close to one of the better players out there , but he justifies most of his plays and kinda gets you into the core of the game and it 's main mechanics . 
  making dark iron dwarf a 3/4 . . 
  yeah , beat it !, 
  i 've been playing in arena and got the overlapping bug for the first time since i play hearthstone . 
  no dc 's however . . 
  pyroblast and defender of argus . 
  100 wins . 
  i have no idea to be honest , it 's just what some people posted in other threads asking the same . 
  i got that prize when i had 70ish wins in play mode and 5 or 6 in arena , so i do n't know how the hell they do the maths there . 
  ooze value, 
  did n't the priest play thoughtsteal ? 
  cause that only steals 2 cards from the opponents deck and during the stream the priest used an innervate and a wrath if i recall correctly . . 
  oh ok , i must have missed the second one :p, 
  it 's not a bug , it 's a feature . 
  a lot of people claim it is indeed a problem of the hero power which is the only one in the game that does not actively affect the board . 
  edit : yeah , forgot warrior , but the shield slam is still there to be used , so it can still affect the board . 
  his face in the eye for an eye win xd totally did it on purpose, 
  make golden hero abilities, 
  game breaking bugs, 
  i have n't got one yet . 
  1st law of mulligan : if you mulligan 4 mana + cards , you will get as many the same cost or higher . 
  i saw this in the morning while i was taking a dump . 
  i did not understand at the time , i just sat there trying to spot the rug at the end of the stairs . 
  qotsa it 's the shit . 
  that album is great , but my favourite is still hangin tree, 
  so , it 's a bug . 
  when you use mirror entity you want to copy your opponents minion to your side . 
  whats happening is that probably some variables from the card are not being passed correctly when you copy it , so it will still hit only your side of the board . 
  i wonder if it happens too with faceless manipulator . 
  yeah yeah i know , thats what i was saying . 
  was the demolisher the only minion on his side of the board ? 
  yeah , probably he could attack with it but it would still only hit himself , his minions and his hero . 
  it 's a bug , should be reported to blizzard . 
  just finished an arena run . 
  6 games , 5 mages . 
  it 's not about thinking , it 's about the options that you have . 
  shitty drafts may happen because of shitty options . 
  `` aggro decks '' or any other type of decks in arena are pretty difficult to get because of that random card selection that you are allowed to pick from . 
  holy shit that is one fine board, 
  boobs , thats why . 
  man thats what im telling you , you just need boobs to rule the world . 
  hearthstone skill game, 
  lol it has already been nerfed once , it used to cost 8 mana . 
  i admit it is a fucking annoying card , but it 's easy to play around it , just put down more minions and attack with them so he ca n't actually get anything good out of your board . 
  is it even lethal ? 
  4 blood imps or 4 flamestrikes is all you need to go 12, 
  well fortunatly hunter is getting a buff this patch , so you will be able to hopefully put those cards to good use : d, 
  you probably never watched soccer games . 
  my rogue deck is pretty rudimentar , i only have like 1/3 of the class specific spells , but i do run 2 pyromancers to get some sort of aoe to counter aggro decks . 
  1 pyro + fan of knives equals a board consecration + 1 card for 5 mana , not that great , but still some value, 
  people read `` nerf '' and immediatly go on and dust their cards . 
  sylvannas is still fuckin annoying to play around and will often be a 2 or even 3 for one . 
  it 's like defender of argus , the point of the card is still there , no matter what the stats are or , in this case , the mana cost . 
  it 's still very effective . 
  the headcrack cracked me xd, 
  lord of the arena . 
  i ran it in every single one of my decks until i started noticing that it died incredibly fast . 
  i believe that . 
  hearth attack related fatalities however ... 
  yeah mine sets itself to high settings . 
  i get about 15 fps . 
  ice block just needs to go . 
  becoming immune for 3 mana is plain stupid . 
  if you think a card is representative of an entire class , then that card should go , no doubt about it . 
  every other aspect got nerfed and yet they are still prevalent in the ladder and by far one of the most popular classes in arena . 
  i 'm not whinning about giants , i find ice block a much bigger problem because giants you can still play around ( taunt , not dropping the enemy below 16/17 maybe ) but becoming immune twice in the game is something that you ca n't do nothing about but hope and pray to the rngesus that they do n't draft those cards . 
  i agree 100 % with curi , they should have changed this card in the first place and then see how the class performed . 
  when i said `` it needs to go '' i actually meant `` it needs to be fixed '' ( my english is quite poor , im sorry : ( ) . 
  other than that the only thing still bugging me about that class is the flamestrike in arena , it 's just too powerful when most of your cards will be minions because they are usually the best choice in the draft . 
  it 's a stealth nerf . 
  it now reads `` give +1 / +1 and taunt to 1 or 2 random cratures '' . 
  not sure if effective , but it will most definatly be annoying as fuck xd, 
  always go for arena . 
  it 's a guaranteed pack and you might be able to break even on gold , or get enough to equal a pack ( if you win 50 + gold at the end of the run , it 's the same as buying a pack or better ) . 
  once you get good at it you could theoretically perpetuate arenas and arena is always cool because you get to try cards that you do n't own yet , kinda gives you an idea of what could/could not work and what cards you might craft in the future . 
  they usually do that , you just have to expect it . 
  silence is an option , but hard removal is another , like an assassinate . 
  but you do need to expect it to happen , so keeping the board clear is really important when you are playing against certain classes . 
  i saw one palladin pirate deck . 
  it was in a trump stream , the guy was actually rank 5 or 6 non-legendary if i recall correctly . 
  pushing me away is the best one for me though . 
  i do n't even like linkin park , but [ this is just fuckin sweet ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=z9tfek2mgys ), 
  never go full retard . 
  dat mantra song with trent < 3, 
  pandora, 
  i found this guys a while ago . 
  `` i had the blues but i shook them loose '' is probably the best indie album ever made . 
  youku account xd, 
  completly agree with that , but instead of nerfing those cards , they should buff or create other cards so we would actually be facing some kind of decision as about our 3 drop slot . 
  old but gold,
