  the annoying thing is that you only notice it when you are about to record some awesome clip that happened in a game and you realise the overlay is not there . 
  i actually thought it was me doing some stupid shit . 
  the laser even gets blocked by the ct model wtf, 
  i always thought it was an nvidia design thing , they always aim for the best tdp and price for performance at the present time the cards are released and then , over time , they eventually lose their power in more recent games . 
  thats kinda the main reason i went amd last year actually . 
  so what would you guys recommend for a racing game ? 
  i 've seen project cars and asseto corsa on sale but im not sure which one is better or if there is a better alternative to those two for someone who is going to be playing with a controller . 
  and ill say you should get gta v. i got ot in a sale on steam this summer and i think its the best singleplayer game i have ever experienced , it is just amazing , totally sucked me in for 3 days straight . 
  thanks for the giveaway man and merry christmas from portugal !, 
  uhh ... is n't that supposed to be the case ? 
  [ machine head - now we die ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zsiketbjark ), 
  that album is fuckin dope too . 
  although i do not own the game , i 've been following it closely and i come to the sub every once in a while . 
  with that said , i would advise you guys to be careful with this guy , as he was a known cheater in dayz and also did some scripting in cs go . 
  his videos are really good as far as i can tell but they are heavily scripted ( not that it 's a bad thing ) and he does n't seem to be the most righteous of the blokes . 
  i stopped following him the day i found out he was cheating . 
  edit : there is no way i can confirm that he was in fact cheating . 
  no way no one can tell for a fact that someone else is cheating based on clips . 
  here are the videos that made me unsub from him though :, 
  obviously the videos have a shit ton of dislikes . 
  you can guess why . 
  i do n't even have a fucking youtube channel , i 'm not `` jealous '' . 
  i used to watch the dude 's videos and loved them , even knowing that it was scripted i still kept watching them . 
  hell , i would even rewatch older dayz videos because of how much i liked them but the day he did that `` oh btw i just learned how to bunny hop '' o, 
  in a cs go video i just unsubscribed . 
  it 's not really about the bunny hop or the scripted shit , it 's about what it represents . 
  he feels like it 's fine for him to cheat in those ways , how would i know if he does n't cheat in others ( map/wall cheats , aimbots , wtv ) ? 
  so that you do n't end up disappointed like me that you have been supporting a cheater and a liar for a long time . 
  well the second video shows the dude highlighting how he used god mode in dayz to produce those videos . 
  i would n't doubt at all if he was using other cheats to do his cs go videos as well . 
  it really looks like a script . 
  so it 's fine cheating against other players as long as it is for entertainment ? 
  would you have enjoyed the game if you were one of those seven guys in the clan that kept shooting him to no avail ? 
  surely they must have enjoyed it , after all it 's all for entertainment . 
  try being an european fan, 
   what made me laugh the most was when they would compliment he mic yet be using a studio mic for their video . 
  honestly one thing has nothing to do with the other . 
  a headset is there to give you some good sound and a kinda good mic for gaming , 2 in 1 for a good price . 
  obviously recording gear is on another completly different level . 
  just trying to throw another point of view in there . 
  funny , just today i saw a brand new one on the top of a tow truck . 
  i was actually wondering if there was something wrong with them cause it 's like the third i see in like two weeks . 
  i have a bunch of hours logged on overwatch and got to plat this season ( it 's an average rank , not very good ) and i still hate watching competitive games of ow . 
  it 's just not enjoyable even when you know what every character does and what they are doing in a given moment . 
  you can find it in that big island with the castle off the coast , by the lighthouse . 
  for some fucking reason the game spawned me there and i found some . 
  that 's a doll inside the kayak, 
  poe will be coming to xbox . 
  you used to watch soccer and ca n't take on some dirty taunts ? 
  what kind of soccer did you fucking watch ? 
  you 're telling me you never saw soccer players doing childish shit ? 
  you got ta be fucking joking . 
  90 % of the main soccer league scene is made by ostentious manchilds who throw themselves on the floor at every chance they get . 
  but please tell me what the `` professional mentality '' is in soccer, 
  i stopped watching soccer because it annoyed the shit out of me that more than half the players on the team seemed to be more interested in getting fake fouls and being arrogant than actually playing soccer . 
  sure you find some amazing players in there , some great team capitains that do keep their composure and get through the rough emotional times , strong teams usually have them , but , much like in cs , it 's not necessarily the norm but it sure is there , you have some amazing personalities in our scene . 
  i kinda get where you are comming from but you ca n't really generalize . 
  i was actually gon na point out how some teams have great composure like vp or nip , but yeah i think they do because they are also some of the oldest ones in the scene , their experience really shines . 
  a q7 with all the extras can go over 100k i believe . 
  everyone is gon na give you upvotes for oceansize but im here spamming my left mouse button on the up arrow for amplifier . 
  such a fucking great band . 
  their self titled album is full of amazing songs . 
  the sound is so simple , the lyrics are outstanding and the full experience is just out of this world . 
  do yourselves a favour and go listen to them . 
  this is amazing, 
  haha i started using it also because i got a statrack labyrinth skin for it . 
  this was like 1.5 years ago . 
  i still suck with it though, 
  or maybe even blizzard themselves ... * cough * hearthstone * cough *, 
  yup , i 'm fine with the drawing rng , it 's part of the game , it 's the fucking `` discover '' cards that make me flip my shit . 
  if a card is class specific , it 's probably that way for a reason , i mean they designed it that way . 
  now everyone discovers everyone else 's cards and games get decided on things you could have never ever hoped to control . 
  / r/mildlyinfuriating, 
  well its a bloody laptop, 
  nvidia . 
  its a 950m, 
  it doesnt even open the nvidia panel . 
  when i try to install the drivers i downloaded from the site i get the `` no such hardware detected '' and i cant find any device other than the intel hd integrated graphics unit . 
  sorry , because it is a laptop i thought this would not be the ideal place to seek help , but i dont know many other subreddits that could help me out and i dont really like pcmasterrace, 
  thanks sherlock, 
  i do n't know how it was with the rest of the game as i only tuned in at the end , but from that last overtime i think the only kills i saw happening was the double from kjaerbye to go 3-0 . 
  every other one got missed including every single one from device 's 4k . 
  wtf ? 
  i also dont get it . 
  unless you played around with the drifting mechanics i dont think it would be much fun . 
  a dlc full of obstacle courses though ... that would be a blast, 
  she is after that, 
  [ my favourite from him ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xvxwqat7mmo ), 
  the fuck do i buy on warmups now ? 
  disable all heroes, 
  earthshaker is n't a lady, 
  i love it how ricciardo looks surprised as fuck that sir patrick stewart accepted it, 
  como por exemplo ? 
  if you mean innovative as in the way it is structured , ingress did it before pogo . 
  but yes i think its a great concept to go along with a great pre estabelished game that makes perfect sense in that very concept, 
  if you mean innovative as in the way it is structured , ingress did it before pogo . 
  but yes i think its a great concept to go along with a great pre estabelished game that makes perfect sense in that very concept, 
  no , it 's nu metal, 
  well but you see , this is / r/pcgaming , where gaming is no longer something you do to have fun but to shit on others who play the games you dont like !, 
  maybe not as funny as i thought it would be to some people , oh well ...
