  ar1se earth spirit hype, 
  a calculator . 
  how does it do against the rush meta ? 
  i guess the zombie chows really help with that but if you do n't draw them there doesnt seem to have any other early game presence : /, 
  another question is what would you swap the other fon for ? 
  i only have one unfortunatly . 
  op confirmed abbadon . 
  ta vs puck, 
  the first time i tried to play puck their mid picked a ta . 
  at the time i didnt know how hard that would counter me . 
  cried so much that day . . 
  facehunter is nothing compared to a fully meta deck crushing noobs at rank 20 because he ca n't win at any rank lower than that . 
  it defeats the entire purpose of the game . 
  have you ever even dota bro ? 
  your teammates are always the idiots . 
  except crates and keys give me ( me , not a random player ) a weapon skin . 
  it 's a risk that i take but i 'm never leaving empty handed . 
  im learning it now . 
  its fuckin hard and i didnt even attempt to cover that intro but god damn is it satisfying to play , you just feel you are improving by learning every little bit of the song . 
  ddos is hardly a hack, 
  and now he pulls an explosive sheep out of the shredder to clear the muster for battle and the shielded mini bot thisjs had just played . 
  this guy sold his soul to rngesus . 
  he did it again . 
  i do n't even ... 
  yeah i guess i should have come to that conclusion by myself . 
  the problem i have is i do n't know how to gank properly , i always seem to end up dying or not accomplishing anything . 
  i feel i am too afraid to go balls deep but i guess only playing a shit load of games will help me improve . 
  thanks for the tips , sorry for the rant but i went on a 6 game losing streak yesterday and got kinda sad . 
  i tried to lower my sensitivity when i got my new giant mousepad . 
  i then hopped into a deathmatch server and went 14-47 . 
  i realized the problem was n't with the mousepad and i cried myself to sleep . 
  sure , i know , i was just making a joke on my situation . 
  i did decrease the sensitivity a lot but i just could n't get used to it , the turning was so slow i was missing most of the shots i was taking . 
  does this offer last for the entire weekend ? 
  like can i buy it tomorrow for 10 $ ? 
  do you know if it is at 00:00 of the 24th for europe as well ? 
  i 'm one of the new subscribers , just bought the game after having played the one month free trial with a friend !, 
  i 'm already looking into some threads here to help me hop into the game and be able to do useful things . 
  it 's my first ever mmo , i 've always been an fps guy , but i 'm pretty sure i will enjoy it . 
  hello fabio . 
  i played a faceit dota 2 game the day before yesterday . 
  i selected the 0-2 ,5 k mmr bracket and pressed find game . 
  i played against at least three 5k + mmr players and i got completly rekt . 
  i will not play faceit dota ever again if you guys do n't solve this problem . 
  as far as i can tell those idiots choose that bracket and then proceed to pwn noobs and it 's not fun . 
  a system similar to valve 's mmr calibration would be needed to avoid shit like this . 
  i fully agree with you but the thing is in dota each hero has like a million variables to it that are suceptible to changes . 
  you can change a spell , a stat , base attack , base move speed and that along with different item builds might be able to bring the hero back up in popularity . 
  in hearthstone however the only way i can see a card being buff on it 's own ( not counting with combos ) is to add a battlecry/deathrattle or adding stats . 
  in this particular case this card really needed a nerf , it would win you the game based on your oppening hand and nothing else , but as a rule of thumb blizzard has shown us that this is the path they take with balance changes but i would like them to try and buff some cards even though i believe it being way harder in a card game than it is in a moba . 
  if there is no better option then yes . 
  as of right now im pretty sure those people selected that mmr bracket on purpose hoping to be faced against some noobs . 
  upvote for gorillaz . 
  that song is amazing , damon albarn is a god damn genius . 
  yeah im a new player and i do have some questions but i think mods could probably get a sticky on top of the page just for this week so that we can ask our questions because i get that to the old time players it 's kinda annoying to keep reading the noob questions over and over ... 
  i just wanted to know how to check the daily missions cause i cant find that anywhere and i would like to know the difference between precision , power and vitality . 
  i have a hunter charecter and i dont know if i should go for items that are all of the same type or if i should mix them ... 
  thanks for posting this so that this sub can see the kind of dumbfucks that will keep supporting cheaters and scammers that would be in court now had this happened in a mainstream sport . 
  i 'm sorry you ca n't read . 
  so smart, 
  i 've watched this video so many times and i always laugh my ass off . 
  i never even play starcraft , i have no idea what they are talking about . 
  thats what i thought would happen when the card was announced before the gvg expansion came out . 
  it 's literally a 9/9 worth of stats which can deal 2-8 points of aditional damage to a random enemy for 7 mana . 
  wtf were blizzard thinking when they came up with this ... 
  i think op is talking about a ranking system like the dota 2 one . 
  what a great game , grate decision making on secrets part . 
  can anyone give me a quick guide on crafting ? 
  im lvl 20 now and i have no idea what to do with 75 % of my inventory since most of it are crafting materials . 
  but where do i learn those 2 crafting professions ? 
  and if i learn them is it worth crafting materials ? 
  or can i get away with just buying and selling stuff i find ? 
  mech mage , freeze mage , fatigue mage , zoo , handlock , demon lock , control warrior , ramp druid , token druid , mech rogue , control priest , control paladin , any kind of hunter and a shaman every once in a while . 
  i mean i also do n't like dr. boom , a 9/9 worth of stats with a deal an aditional 2-8 damage deathrattle for 7 mana , but still saying that everyone is flocking to 1 or 2 decks is kinda of a stretch . 
  you can do any < insert class name here  mech deck and be successful with it to be honest . 
  thats the real problem . 
  oh thats the answer i was looking for . 
  but still how do i know if i enjoy the crafting process ? 
  i never tried it ... where can i do it ? 
  puck and natures prophet have low winrate because they are hard to play . 
  puck has a lot of things that you have to keep in mind while initiating and it is squichy so you have to always be able to escape initiations on you . 
  np is all about positioning and map awareness , two things that are basically non existent in lower mmr . 
  as for alch he is just plain garbage right now . 
  yeah and what about the gg branches ? 
  do you think 150 gold is worth it ? 
  or should i just save the money to upgrade courier or to buy boots since most of my damage will come from my spells ? 
  i hope his backpack contains a parachute . 
  edit : oh crap , thats not a backpack, 
  haha the dude was just talking about how dota copied some lol heroes . 
  someone will have to inform him, 
  i tried to upload the vod of that last game to secrets sponsor website but they dont accept rape . 
  and here i am always using chains before using sleight of fist with ember spirit . 
  i play with quick cast, 
  but if i do that wont it ping the place im left clicking ? 
  yap , that really need to be there . 
  requesting arcana, 
  i hate people who do this . 
  because he used that exemple , it does n't mean he is saying that sega = nazis . 
  he is using an exemple that follows the same logic as the previous one to prove how the first one is , in his mind , not correct . 
  let me tell you that now more than ever dota 2 has some sick comeback mechanics .
