  yes, 
  lich : ulti can now bounce into other games . 
  wait wait . 
  but doesnt int give you mana regen ? 
  what is a `` disarm '' ? 
  whats the difference between that and purge ? 
  oh ok . its just that i once bought an item that was a core in a build i was following and it disarmed the opponent . 
  i do n't know why would that be a core item in a build though , isnt it kinda specific to counter a carry like viper if he is feeded ? 
  not even gon na bother posting because this guy did it for me . 
  agree 100 % . 
  man i 'm glad they leaked their fully processed video after all the effects and great editing that show nothing more than a movie trailer . 
  leaking images is so 00 's . 
  does this include post rock/instrumental rock ? 
  i 'm yet to find a sub that actually delivers good discussion and sharing on that genre . 
  who were the 251 hearthless pieces of shit who downvoted this video ? 
  i swear there are people out there who are in this planet with the simple purpose of wasting oxygen . 
  how can girls get everything ? 
  they get all the legendaries , all the golden cards , boobs ... 
  must have been his first hs win . 
  check out what robert downey junior posted on his facebook !!!!, 
  my all time favourite is knife party . 
  that song is so damn awesome . 
  i get the chills everytime the girl starts the vocal solo , god damn is it beautiful, 
  let me tell you the song with the greatest intro in the history of rock : them crooked vulptures - elephants, 
  oh wait let me just go and throw my ipod in the trash because they created something that can hold much more data ... no . 
  is n't that the `` oddlock '' ? 
  i remember a guy making a thread on that deck a while back but ca n't tell for sure what cards he used in it . . 
  is there a shortcut to cast spells on yourself ? 
  like there is the double tap to use items on yourself . 
  i 've been playing dota for a couple of weeks now . 
  i do n't even know what the compendium is , but i might buy it . 
  why will it change ? 
  i 'll check them out once i get home, 
  wow someone else who listens to upcdown . 
  they are fuckin amazing , totally worth giving a listen . 
  to add to that list :, 
  if these trees could talk, 
  and so i watch you from afar, 
  you slut !, 
  godspeed you !, 
  black emperor, 
  it sure is the heavy side !, 
  but i started with the `` light '' instrumental post rock and gradually reached the heavy side of it , which i fuckin love , but still listen to a lot of those lighter bands . 
  fuckin awesome the way they sound in their melodies , just an amazing genre of music that i think a lot of people would enjoy . 
  never heard brontide . 
  gon na give them a go after i get this riff i 'm working on right , if you do n't know try 65daysofstatic too , another one on my top instrumental list . 
  i do n't know what you mean with `` crowd '' . 
  no band in here is like any other band in here , they are all fuckin unique and you get that when you give them a listen . 
  gb!be is here in the sense that it makes feel the same way when i listen to any of those other bands , introspective , thoughtful on life and you know , the usual semi-authistic things that general post-rock gets you to feel . 
  puck out !, 
  lol 3 steps forward before the player actually took the shot . 
  what the hell are the goal line referees doing ? 
  the time has come . 
  the starcaster was enough for me to drop my anus virginity on that bidding box, 
  i get a boner everytime i see a picture of one, 
  i got to finnish my game but i do n't think it will count : /, 
  what 99 cents ? 
  i pay the equivalent in euros for a new one . . 
  top gear . 
  i want to know if it is legal , because you could buy the points , so getting em for free could get me in trouble . 
  i was just asking if i could do it . 
  youtube ecosystem ? 
  the one where the most racist and offensive comments get to the top of the comment section ? 
  the one where discussions happen over and over where the op 's mom is the fatest bitch on earth ? 
  that youtube `` ecosystem '' ? 
  yeah ... 
  and as far as we know , nothing has been bought yet . 
  we are waiting for the confirmation on either side of the story , just a rumor . 
  and twitch is made of 100 % gaming channels . 
  wtf were you expecting to be in the words written there ? 
  strawpoll.me is obvious for anyone with minimum twitch experience , gg same story and then you have a billion inside jokes from twitch , with the constant kappa for lols . 
  but the article still bashes on something that is there for fun and fun only . 
  youtube is way more toxic because people offend you constantly and not for the fun or with any pun intended , they are being the actual human beings they are in real life , shitty ones for the most part . 
  my guitar teacher gave me the program yesterday but i think i will have some delay problems , since i tested it with my mic and there was some serious lag . 
  what should i get to stop that from happening ? 
  sorry for upvoting . 
  a dog . 
  i put my index finger slightly sideways with the inside of it pointing towards the bridge so that the gap/groove does n't acually enter the equation . 
  try doing that and see if it helps . 
  it might hurt a little at the beggining , but if you adjust your hand position to suit better the way the index is placed it will get better . 
  this ? 
  yeah , the tallest man on earth is just one bloke and he does have a graspy voice and catchy rythms , so i immediatly thought of him when you asked . 
  the song is not fingerstyle , thats true though . 
  welp , i tried . 
  hope someone else knows what song it is ; ), 
  this looks sweet . 
  i remember watching a video about this game when everyone was hyped out about the triple a titles comming out this year and i thought it would be a blast . 
  i hope i 'm not going to get disappointed . 
  itt : people who ca n't read the full title . 
  it 's not ranked , that might be the beggining of the problem right there . 
  i 'm just playing single draft to learn some heroes i 'm not that comfortable with so i can have a good pool knowledge to get into rankeds and feel useful . 
  literally game breaking . 
  i do n't get is why the other team would commend that douche . 
  when you think about it , it really is a problem with the world , it 's people who ca n't fuckin think outside of their own ego . 
  had that happened to the other team and their mind would change instantly . 
  they deserve the punnishment as much as the feeder does . 
  wow that is an amazing view . 
  where is this place ? 
  pornwatchers of reddit ... also known as reddit . 
  `` fuck you '' - a shitload of movies,
