  he did in 10 minutes what i do in a month and i have a good job . 
  brb , practicing dota all day from now on, 
  nope , i only saw 2 donations of 500 $ lol, 
  it could also be a lie . 
  have you seen the thread on this subject on r/gaming ? 
  people literally do n't undestand that this game is in early access , they think this is a full on released game that is `` shit '' according to them and that will never work on the ps4 even though it will probably only be released in that platform in 3 years . 
  i 've never seen such an ignorant ammount of comments in my reddit life . 
  this thread is just full of ignorant comments . 
  the game does work on pc , it just misses shit tons of features , like every fuckin alpha game . 
  people do n't get that alpha is not supposed to solve bugs , it 's supposed to add things which they are doing right now on their experimental servers . 
  beta is the phase of development where bugs will be fixed and the last thing to be done is optimization , which hopefully will increase performance by a lot . 
  if anything , this ps4 release is a guarantee that the game will run perfectly , because on console you have to get those amazing graphics running smoothly . 
  dean is now on r/dayz answering some questions and clearing some things up for the non trashtalkers which are interested in some good insight rather than a bunch of false accusations with no foundations . 
  when you know what you are talking about , when you make conclusions out of premises , out of information gathered . 
  you process that information in your head to get yourself an opinion and then you say it . 
  dayz in it 's current state is a game in development and we paid for it as such . 
  did you read the warning in the steam page ? 
  what were you expecting , a full on complete game ? 
  i do n't get how people can not get this straight in their heads . 
  the game is released in early access , not in `` alpha '' as you say do . 
  i do agree that now a days the whole crowd funding thing is getting out of hand , but even though this game is released , it is by no means a complete game and people who bought it were warned about it . 
  if you bought it expecting anything else but a `` broken '' game , you clearly read it the wrong way . 
  the game will be in alpha for another year and a half if thats what it takes to get it to a good state . 
  the problem right now is the people who bought the game misleaded by their minds tricking them to think the game was complete and that now are trashtalking with no reason whatsoever . 
  ah but thats another problem right ? 
  now with that i can agree to a point . 
  indeed i think the development took some weird turns , i 've been following it ever since it started with the devblogs and posts on the dayz official forums and one thing i always thought was that it was kinda ... slow . 
  from one devblog to the next not much had happen but a lot of time had gone by and i was expecting one day to get a giant update that would drastically change things . 
  that did n't happen , but there are severe changes happening right now and for the past 2 months which are drastically changing the game . 
  i , however , do n't think dayz is a bad early access game exemple right now . 
  i think we can only conclude such thing in the end of the development . 
  indeed we may think it was a slow ass game to get done , but if everything works beautifully in the end , than it worked right ? 
  you paid to help a product to get developed and it did , so it is a good exemple i think . 
  because thats what alpha is for . 
  alpha is for adding content , beta is for fixing bugs . 
  i know that feeling , i get it too but i just have to accept that this is the way a game is developed , they are probably following a development plan and there is not much we can do about it , we are not going to change it . 
  this videos are so good because it 's the exact representation of what is going through every players mind when such things happen . 
  really great , looking forward for more of these . 
  by the way does tb usually play with friends ? 
  playing in a party is usually much better and way more enjoyable so i would advise tb trying it if he is not already doing it . 
  u mad ? 
  this hiko vs dignitas game was a great one . 
  relevant username, 
  rishloo 's feathergun, 
  scissorlips -  turning sheep into goats -  systematomatic -  river of glass, 
  im so sad, 
  omg forest , hide more you are making me wet !!!!!!!, 
  this is actually pretty amazing . 
  i never thought of it this way , but this not only is good for amazon itself , promoting their products , but also for the artists who create them . 
  i 'm completly fine with this and i think it is amazing if implemented . 
  it 's not about being amazon , it 's more about not being google . 
  i 'm ok with it , let 's see what the future holds . 
  [ porcupine tree - phase i ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gr75qv3mv5a ), 
  uluru is a fuckin beast of a song , i love these guys . 
  this is easier if you just think about your big leaps , those moments when you realised `` hey , i improved '' . 
  i had 2 big ones so far : when i fuckin finally managed to do a bar chord on my guitar with all the strings sounding right and being able to switch from open chords to bar chords and make 'em sound good , thats the first one . 
  the second one was when i found out i was able to learn songs simply by listening to them . 
  if you can , do this every time . 
  when you are doing it , little moments of realisation will come , like when you are trying to find a note and you just think `` hey , if this is the pentatonic , maybe if i try 1-4 it will work '' and when it does you 'll go like `` ah '' and those little ah 's are more important than you might think , because that is the marriage of theory , technique and listening abilities happening right there in front of your eyes and it does wonders for you . 
  my nex big leap will happen , hopefully , when i join a band . 
  your voice ... 
  i am in love . 
  he got like 50 subs in 10 minutes = o, 
  but my pitchfork ... 
  stupid ? 
  it 's there to prevent problems like the one being addressed in this thread from happening . 
  you can play the game , just not ranked matchmaking and it makes perfect sense . 
  if you are a brand new player why would you hop on a ranked match as your first game ever ? 
  you need to learn the game first . 
  this and the hackers are probably the 2 main reasons why this system exists in dota , even though hackers are way more rare than they are in go . 
  first counter-strike game . 
  cs is shoot and kill , plant or defuse to win . 
  dota has a way higher number of components to it , way more variables and a 100 + list of heroes , each of them with a set of different skills that may take several games to be mastered . 
  it 's two completly different games , the level restriction to play ranked would be there in cs just to prevent new accounts from hacking which is the topic of the thread . 
  it took me 3.5 hours to win 7 games with paladin yesterday . 
  i literally had to loose 4 games to win 1 . 
  why the fuck do you people play ladder decks in fuckin casual ? 
  tryhards, 
  yeah , thats why i said that the level restriction is there more to prevent new players to hop on ranked without knowing the basics . 
  there is a map hack as far as i know that is considered cheating , but anything other than that i do n't know . 
  i 'm pretty sure the 100/150 games will give you a basic idea of what you are doing . 
  had the game not have that feature implemented and it would be posts all over the forums whining about how the lower ranks were full of dumb players who had no idea what they were doing . 
  things like last-hitting , item purchasing , general idea of lanes , roles and skill sets of given heroes , thats what those games until lvl 30 give you . 
  i thought it was like a sort of a bug that if you played your cards really fast or attacked really fast it would n't do the scream but now that i think about it ... 
  you still have essentially all the left side of the map . 
  you have big chunks of forest in the middle as well . 
  the only thing that happened is that the north got a bit deforested . 
  still i understand your concerns , but i 'm pretty sure it wo n't be a problem , or at least i hope so . 
  i think i have n't had any drops or stuttering while playing , but i did notice having less fps after an update in the summer . 
  never bothered to check the actual number i had before that patch , but i would say i lost 10-15 fps since that patch , it 's really noticeble . 
  and i 'll upvote for visibility . 
  holy shit 9m + pudge games, 
  i love that people are downvoting you based on the `` i didnt know arma 2 was optimized '' thing . 
  i remember back in the days of the 2 mana uth people saying that the real problem was the buzzard . 
  i agreed and i 'm glad they did something about it , but this does seem a bit excessive to be honest , the whole point of the card was for it to be cheap so you could combo with other beasts , now it 's pretty much useless . 
  war thunder , dota2 , hearthstone , team fortress 2 are worth trying . 
  i have a library with probably around 50 games and the only one i actually spend a lot of time in is dota right now . 
  yeah i get that point of view but in my specific case i 'm really not looking for any cod title , i 'm looking for the black ops i in particular to play with friends , i wo n't buy ghosts because it 's only 20 $ more because that 's not the game i want . 
  but i do understand if they do it with that reasoning , many times i was browsing the steam store and bought complete editions instead of just the game i was searching because it was only like 10 bucks more . 
  it might be that i 'm also a little spoiled by the steam sales .
