  i do believe it does , sure they are not shooting the other team , they are not actually a player , but at that level the strategy and calling shots are probably as important as aim and with a coach you have a guy whose job is to do only that during the game . 
  coaches are there in the rest of the team 's practice and scrims . 
  in soccer/football/whatever the coach is the one giving his players exercises to practice strats or plays . 
  they have a huge job behind the scenes and during the games they are there to provide guidance but not during the game itself , thats why you have timeouts and shit like that . 
  the last point i agree though . 
  valve set themselves up for this shit and it will impact the way teams funcion in a big way i believe . 
  however e-sports are still growing and every game has different ways to be played so these type of changes are always imminent to come into play at any time . 
  it 's good and bad at the same time . 
  man dota 2 community is not even good , it 's a moba for god sake , there 's always whiners and spoiled kids but i just do n't understand this reaction from the cs : go community to the change . 
  yeah , sure the coaches will have their jobs made harder , but if they were just calling in game does n't that prove valve 's point of view ? 
  surely they have other things to do outside the game that have great impact . 
  yes , they have coaches . 
   especially considering that we 've barely heard any of the details regarding the change, 
  and there are already a bunch of threads saying that the spectator experience will get ruined and games will be bad !, 
  why ? 
  you have n't experienced it yet !, 
  yeah , sure it migh happen , but embrace change with an open mind . 
  if things go wrong you do have a reason to complain but wait to get to a conclusion . 
  `` facts '', 
  because you know him in person and all that shit right ? 
  just because everyone does it does n't mean it makes it right . 
  unfortunatly , due to this kind of mentality , harrassing , doxxing and threatening are still seen in this `` community '' as a normal thing to happen . 
  is n't that exactly the problem that valve wants to address ? 
  i still do n't understand the drama around their decisions for titanfall 2 . 
  if the first one was that good why do n't people just ... go and play it ? 
  i mean is n't the point of a sequel to change things up ? 
  hey , do you know when the citizencon will be ? 
  isnt that op 's point though ? 
  that depending on your location your experience playing pogo varies hugely ? 
  their drowzees are my zubats and my zubats are someone else 's spearows or something . 
  just installed the beta and having the same issue . 
  i guess that 's what the beta is for , stress testing the servers . 
  hey man . 
  im not really going to help much , its more of a question i have to you . 
  how did you find those guys to teach ? 
  cause just recently i finally finished the campaign after a couple of months without playing and im still not sure what to do next or how to do it , the dz seems to be quite the pain in the ass for solo players and i dont think i can do the hard missions or incursions by myself . 
  thanks in advance . 
  i 'm playing on pc , but i 'll try your suggestions , thanks . 
  will also watch the video , thank you very much !, 
  ah yeah , i 'm on pc but on europe : / i 'll try and reach players ingame though , for some reason i never considered that . 
  thanks . 
  the only thing i noticed was a kabutops showing up on my sightings here in my area . 
  i 'm definitely jealous though !, 
  grats, 
  same . 
  level 21 now : (, 
   r9 390x, 
  well thats a really good card . 
   i could run it pretty well, 
  ah , exactly what i was expecting !, 
   on medium settings, 
  a couple of months ago someone ( not sure if he was a pro , i ca n't remember ) said that the cheats being used on lan were things like improving the aim by 5-10 % , or the 12 bullet shot in a spray would go straight to the head of the player they were aiming at . 
  can you imagine how hard it is to spot something like that ? 
  in the middle of a spray the 12th bullet goes to the head ... even if you are on top of him there is not much you can do to spot that in the middle of a spray , where the crosshair is all over the place ( sort of ... ) . 
  they do n't use instalocks or aimlocks . 
  do n't forget that they are already extremely good players , the cheats we believe are used in lans are probably really untraceable things like a small bip when an enemy is behind a door or something . 
  honestly this whole cheating ordeal made me stop playing cs altogether . 
  it 's just not fun playing mm and getting shot at and immediatly your brain goes `` he must be cheating '' because you know how fucking common that is . 
  instead of going like `` man great shot , that was well played '' you just immediatly think the other dude is being dishonest and the worst thing is it 's not unfounded . 
  i 'm pretty sure the fact that we got late into opeth kinda helped with enjoying their more recent albums . 
  i think that for people who have been listening to them for years and started around the time their heavier hitters came out it 's probably a bit weird and different to have albums like heritage coming from the same band . 
  however i really love that kind of music and because i got late into them i do n't see them strictly as a metal band which helps a lot when listening to something that drifts away from their initial genre and allows you to enjoy it differently i believe . 
  with that said i think heritage is a god damn masterpiece . 
  my favourite album from them will always be ghost reveries but all the songs on heritage are absolutly amazing and even the most hated ones from what i 've been reading ( slither ... ) i think have an amazing sound . 
  haxprocess is beautiful and the devil 's orchard one of the best riffs i have ever heard with that final weird bridge hyping up the solo , making it really fucking epic . 
  the solo on slither is beastly and so is the riff . 
  i dunno , i guess different people have different tastes , but to me what makes opeth one of my favourite bands is exactly the fact that they can change up styles and still feel the same band and still put out amazing songs that i will forever enjoy listening to . 
  you do n't even need to go into balancing issues honestly , instant hatching goes straight against the point of the game ... it has a `` go '' in its name for a reason . 
  i understand the logic behind this and i 'm no cpu expert , but i 've been having the same experience . 
  in bf1 with my 4690k oc 'd to 4.2 ghz i still felt it was bottlenecking my 390 . 
  it was at constant 100 % utilization while my gpu was at 80 % tops . 
  other game where this happens is the division . 
  i can barely get 40-50 fps while outside running around . 
  i searched it a couple months ago and found out that was due to something called `` overhead '' that amd cards are quite notorious for with dx11 . 
  however i 'm starting to think that my cpu just is n't powerful enough . 
  i 'm playing on 1080p too . 
  i think it 's the overhead crap with amd gpus . 
  they said it improved with the latest drivers but i 've yet to play the division again ( not like there is much joy in playing it either ... ) . 
  anele, 
  keytv now has the oportunity to literally sink the tournament, 
  battleblock theater , dark souls and try to grab rocket league on the next steam sale , that game has the potential to last you a lifetime and is usually around 10 $ in that period . 
  i 'm pretty sure that the only bad thing from having cross platform play is that psyonix is n't free to just release updates , as they have to go through some kind of confirmation from sony/microsoft to go live on their platforms . 
  so i assume they maybe even fixed it but they can only release the update when they are allowed . 
  this is speculation though , as far as we know , so it would be pretty cool to have a confirmation that they at least know the problem exists . 
  it really messes me up when i look at the ball in the air , it 's nauseating . 
  for sure , it 's fracking cool, 
  i dont know if it is just like that . 
  designing also implies knowing what type of customer you are creating the product for . 
  1060 and below you would think it was your average dude who enjoys just playing games but i would argue above a 1070 you are already targetting your card at a more enthusiast and tech savy crowd , which will likely overclock the card if possible . 
  so when designing a card like that you should probably give a voltage security margin to help with people who will inevitably raise it . 
  i totally get your point though , but as someone who is having a class on how to create and do nanocircuits , i was taught that those margins are left in the projects when there is a `` worse case scenario '' possibility . 
  farto-me de ver o representante da media da corsair a fazer giveaways no / r/pcmasterrace por exemplo . 
  funnily enough new day was my favourite when i started listening to it and over time all i know took that spot . 
  such a good album , love it . 
  holy shit their memes are light years ahead of ours, 
  physics breh, 
   we know what we are doing, 
  as you can see by this gif, 
  holy fucking shit i thought i was the only one . 
  every other week i had to change the hotkeys because for some fucking reason they would get deleted .
