  i have it on windowed mode . 
  everytime they are playing their turn i just go and surf the web , so many interesting things you can learn that are way more useful than watching the wire burning out while your opponent decides if he is going or not to coin out something on turn 1 . 
  and time flies by pretty fast when you are listening to a masterpiece . 
  man i hope they put a guy like totalbiscuit doing the commentary . 
  that would be fuckin amazing . 
  thats quite a bold statement . 
  i 'm gon na tell you this as a guitar player myself : it 's not about covering songs , it 's about writing them . 
  the band that writes the amazing song they are covering is always the better band , it 's not even a matter of `` taste for music '' here . 
  do n't get me wrong , they are good and they sound really good too , but they just literally play the songs that someone else wrote and do n't even give those songs that much of a twist ... 
  yeah thats a good deck , the curve is really good , double flamestrike never goes wrong since arena is minion based . 
  if you are struggling you might find useful to watch some streams ( kripp , trump , etc ) and play some casual games to get the feel for every class , what you should and should n't do . 
  would also be useful to post the choices you had in each pick if you want to get better at drafting , even though in this deck the only meh ones would be rifleman and abomm maybe . 
  good luck and post your result when its over so we know if we were able to help or not !, 
  fair to midland are awesome . 
  fables of a mayfly is a fuckin awesome album and this one is right up there as well with golden parachutes being the best song in it imo . 
  lol i was reading this and thought you had opened 93 alexstrazas, 
  the dude is adopted . 
  everything from gorillaz and the story behind it . 
  man i feel so bad for trump . 
  gnimsh is top decking and wrecking and trump with 4 or 5 targets good for rag to hit still hits the hero . 
  poor trump : /, 
  gratz !, 
  sure he did , but trump always has this unlucky side of him and makes me feel bad for him . 
  gnimsh did top deck some good answers along the way but it was a totally legitimate win . 
  why would he ask his friends about his family ? 
  you played one soulfire and did n't discard the other ? 
  fake . 
  because it 's upside down . 
  [ this one . 
  ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xw-m4jey-ns ), 
  this last game between trump and monk was probably the best hearthstone game i 've ever watched . 
  try again tomorrow , maybe you will get the joke by then . 
  a friend of my mother has a 5 year old kid that was having lunch with the grandma while the news were on . 
  this was 1 or 2 days after mandela 's death so the tv station was giving the details on the funeral . 
  the kid didnt know what a funeral was so he asked grandma about it and she explained it to him . 
  he freaked out and started crying , screamming , etc because he was afraid of dying too and be buried . 
  to calm him down his grandma decided to tell him that it only happened to black people . 
  i lold quite hard when my mom told me but then i felt bad . 
  how did you buff it ? 
  the enrage part i knew but i was trying hard to think of a mage non existent card that would buff it . 
  did n't even consider the sun cleric / facepalm on me . 
  im glad to know that pro players sometimes fuck up just as much as i do :p, 
  `` lol holy smite to the face , is this denn ... oh wait . '', 
  what do you mean with `` it works '' ? 
  lightspawn 's health increased in the same value that the attack was buffed with ? 
  i do n't get the jennifer lawrence one . 
  such a bland girl , come on . 
  johnny cash 's cover of hurt is not better than the original . 
  its a plush . 
  right ? 
  right ? 
  the clip . 
  hungry crab tournament mvp . 
  i do n't get this . 
  it 's like they read all the threads in the forums and in this subreddit in a diagonal line and take their own conclusions . 
  the opponents name though . 
  * overfart, 
  and pagle is still playable , the problem is the 4 health , it 's just that now he will draw his fishes a tiny bit later . 
  what ? 
  secrets now only proc in the caster 's turn ? 
  so you are telling me that my yeti will be able to attack a hunter with a freezing/misdirection trap up ? 
  does n't that kinda defeat their purpose ? 
  well met !, 
  i need to start reading things twice . 
  / facepalm, 
  is the new patch already active in eu as well ? 
  i 'm not noticing any changes and the card overlap bug is still there lol so i 'm guessing not ... 
  battlecry : summon a random minion from a random player deck in a random server to a random game in a random mode . 
  his pin was another person and the car another one . 
  it feels so wrong when you think about it . 
  trading people for a car ? 
  and yet it feels so right in that situation . 
  the damaged golem one is awesome . 
  man i would kill to see tool live . 
  wow thanks , i did not know this band . 
  awesome song . 
  lucky you . 
  my only hope is that they release the new album and tour in europe . 
  yeah !, 
  my personal best was 82 takedowns . 
  fuckin loved that game , last year i actually plugged my ps2 back on the tv to play it . 
  i 'm surprised no one mentioned muse . 
  well in fact they sound a lot better in big arenas than in small clubs but god damn they got bad once they hit the spotlight . 
  i remember seeing them live back in '08 when they were kinda big already and they just threw the best music show i 've seen in my life , fuckin beautiful sound and they played all their amazing songs . 
  then came that dubstep or whatever album and some people still say that it was a different sound and they were experimenting , etc etc but come on , that shit was hedious . 
  is n't a 9/10 extremely good ? 
  i mean if you think about it we can think of seven basic evaluations : awful , pretty bad , bad , ok , good , extremely good , perfect . 
  with a 10 point evaluation model you get 3 more than that . 
  why is it that extremely good games should get a 10 instead of a 9 ? 
  aywkubttod is sweet but honestly those kind of bands i think had they hit the spotlight we would be here now saying `` i wish they did n't '' . 
  so it 's kinda hard to say that even though i really enjoy them . 
  x2 , saw them live , would not recommend . 
  just boring . 
  xd it 's like when i try to recommend upcdowncleftcrightcabc + start to my friends . 
  it never works this way ? 
  you never learn from your mistakes ? 
  is that what you are trying to say ? 
  the problem here is that people point out this errors so he can get better and get bashed because they are `` backseat gaming '' even though they are trying politely to help . 
  ridiculous . 
  the first ever left handed recorded kangaroo .
