  why the fuck do you think i 'm writing with my left hand ? 
  ok , so im really noob ( lvl 6 now ) and i would like to know a number of things :, 
  1 - how do the more experienced players buy the items ? 
  i see some of them using the quick buy area but i have no idea how it works . 
  in a related question , is it fine to request the courier when you are in top or bot lane ? 
  i noticed that in high rank games basically only the mid is using the courier to get the bottle back and forth from the fountain . 
  2 - when ( in match time ) should i go for the jungle and how do i know that my hero is good/bad to do it ? 
  3 - how do you guys keep track of your hero when you are using items like the force staff or the blink dagger ? 
  because i click in the place i want to go to but then i have to adjust the camera and press the attack buttons and maybe activate a bkb and its like a clusterfuck of buttons to press . 
  any tips ? 
  4 - what items should i buy ? 
  i suppose there are a few items that are a must have in some roles . 
  ie if im going to play pudge and want to make it tanky , what should i get ? 
  or what should i get if im going to be the carry ? 
  5 - what is a trilane and an offlaner ? 
  6 - what should i do if an enemy is feeded and is a much higher level than the rest of my team ? 
  what is the best tactic to try and deal with it ? 
  thanks in advance to anyone who bothered reading it ; ), 
  what do you mean with the `` top dire is safe , bot radiant is safe '' ? 
  oh man that earth shock . 
  i laughed my ass off xd, 
  not their worst , but compared to wpsiatwin and favourite worst nightmare am is just boring . 
  programming . 
  now a days everything can basically be done by machines and if you know how to program them you get a lot of possibilities in your life . 
  also programming is based on algorithms which are nothing but ways to solve problems efficiently . 
  when you learn how to create them , you will notice that the thinking involved in it is also very useful in your day to day life . 
  ps : programming is easy to learn but hard to master , keep that in mind . 
  i would n't even be mad . 
  all that time and all those resources to come down to a 50/50 chance of getting both soulfires out ? 
  awesome . 
  and alongside that , an option to disable all in game animations . 
  not trying to be the bad guy here , but from the standing point of an electronics engineering student who is having a subject on the way the internet was basically created , this is fuckin awesome . 
  1 - play hunter aggro . 
  i do n't even ... 
  i do n't google for opinions , i listen to the albums to get them . 
  it 's a ward . 
  why does everyone hate pudge ? 
  foo fighters - best of you, 
  annoying as hell . 
  it does , but ns2 is all about knowing what to do , where to do it and when to do it , it 's not just a brainless shooter . 
  honestly , i find that thats what makes it amazing , but i do get why they would do this and i 'm fine with it . 
  who is this lady ? 
  the lesson to take from this is that you ca n't buy games from ea anymore . 
  the fact is that when the next bf tittle comes out you most likely will . 
  same shit , different day . 
  because ea was the publisher for titanfall , nothing more than that . 
  dice however is owned by ea , they do what they are told to do and when you are forced to rush out a game to compete with your rivals , this is the kind of bullshit you release . 
  hell , call of duty are rivals of themselves for the simple fact that their game is the same thing every god damn year and yet they had to rush bf4 to compete with them . 
  who is the best hs streamer ? 
  what would happen if the card got played when your opponent had a mirror entity up ? 
  he should do an ama . 
  `` thats above average '' - trump, 
  counter-strike , easily . 
  bella christa by opus dai, 
  cristiano ronaldo . 
  what the hell happened . 
  omg puck, 
  i have pectus excavatum and i do n't give a flying fuck , i take off my shirt at the beach and in the summer just like the other guys out there . 
  yeah a lot of people kinda make fun of it , but honestly i does n't bother me . 
  i was kinda lucky since not a lot of people even notice . 
  i used to swimm a lot too which helped a bit to reduce the visibility but now i stopped and i just do n't care anymore as long as i do n't have health related problems due to it . 
  my only problem is the way i sit . 
  my ribs are basically pointing inside and kinda bent so i sit like one of those elders with back problems and it 's really annoying because i do n't even notice . 
  fuck you and you and you for playing your ranked decks in casual . 
  i 'm just trying to do my dailies , could you please fuckin keep your fuckin 10 legendary card deck to the fuckin ranked ladder and use something different in casual ? 
  fuckin thank you . 
  this is starting to remind me of euw and i do n't even play lol . 
  and now the song !, 
  he misclicked . 
  after a full day of classes and tests and fuckin bullshit i just want to play a few games and go to sleep . 
  but nope , fuck you nuck , and fuck eu in particular . 
  thats exactly what i did . 
  we were lvl 5 and immediatly bought sentries and placed them in our lane . 
  he just bought a gem and boom , we were fucked . 
  i found this band not long ago but man this is the shit . 
  saturday saviour is fuckin awesome in an overall great album that is fantastic planet . 
  another of those bands that i just started listening to because of their silly name . 
  their music is just amazing , this one and retreat !, 
  retreat !, 
  are 2 of the best in the album imo . 
  i do n't know how `` hard '' you want to learn how to play the guitar , but start by looking into marty shwartz or whatever his name is on youtube . 
  to be honest he kinda sucks ass , but he has some cool tutorials on basic songs that most people could use to start off . 
  essentially and if you do n't really know how guitar playing works , you will be better if you start by practicing monochromatic scales ( look em up on google ) and learning open chords . 
  the base of every song are some open and , further ahead in the learning curve , bar chords . 
  edit : https://www.youtube.com/user/martyzsongs thats his youtube channel . 
  good luck . 
  there is a fuckin beautiful girl in my university and i 'm totally not going for her because i 'm afraid i will fail . 
  except when i 'm drunk , then i would totally go for her if she was there and i would also kill all the hunters in the world . 
  in the fuckin universe actually, 
  i do n't fuckin know . 
  i do n't even know her name, 
  rip twitch . 
  your heartherino will be missederino . 
  just to get this straight , you all get kicked out of the game and have no reconnect button . 
  do you get on low priority if that happens ? 
  oh , ok thanks . 
  this is the shit . 
  love is all is one of the best pieces of music i 've heard in my life and i 'm a metal/prog rock guy . 
  where are you people watching these games ? 
  lich , sand king and venomancer,
