  the game itself feels like a dlc for bf4 , thats the problem . 
  only if you live in australia . 
  haha i also have one myself . 
  which one do you own ? 
  if your day has 22 hours , yes it is just like a normal clock . 
  i play on my tablet and its under 1mb per game , i 've checked before . 
  a game of hearthstone are basically just commands being sent and received , all the assets are already downloaded on your system . 
  it makes sense that games do n't take too much data in them . 
  you should be fine with 1gb, 
  i can tell you what went `` wrong '' about custom game modes in cs go : the fact that the ui was completly reworked and that the server browser is now only really used by old players that are used to it and even then a lot of us stopped using it because of how buggy it is sometimes . 
  counter-strike itself was a mod , the early versions of it were played by modders and by people who were willing to try out new mods , so the custom game modes kinda came naturally as something the game would thrive on . 
  the only way you could join a game was by knowing the server ip or searching through the server browser and by searching there you would be much more susceptible to finding servers running different versions of the game . 
  now we have cs : go with a dota style ui which i dont think it 's bad , but it just doesnt present you with the different things you could try before because if you want to play a casual you can just select casual and click find match and if you want to play competitive ( which most of the player base wants to ) you just select ranked and click find match as well . 
  the devs had to put in an ui like that to integrate the competitive mode and to organize things , i totally get that , but the fact that they did it the way they did closed some doors to some different game modes within counter-strike , since now you have little to no advantage in going into server browser , the place that would present you with such options . 
  this is my point of view as someone who played a bit of 1.6 and a lot of condition zero and then moved on to go . 
  maybe some more veteran players will want to give you their opinion too to shed some light on the matter . 
  well im a shitty 2.5 k player , but i guess if you take risky farm and are often ganked you could maybe try puck who is probably the most evasive hero in dota . 
  it 's quite hard to master , but you can pull off some crazy jukes which is great for when you are taking that risky farm . 
  place a ward , wait for magnus . 
  kill magnus , push towers . 
  this is the reason why icefrog stopped communicating with the community . 
  hackers are the guys who actively seek and exploit internet and software flaws to either take advantage of them or something else . 
  kids who rent some chinese servers to throw data at you are not hackers . 
  its the same as saying that you are a doctor because you went to the pharmacy to get some meds for your flew . 
  one up for karnivool , fuckin amazing band . 
  im pretty sure he is just another ignorant punk who thinks his totally wrong and misconcepted idea is worth sharing with the world . 
  unfortunatly people like this actually exist . 
  try slark . 
  its melee , scales really well with items , it has a great escape por engaging ability ( his w ) and if fed its basically unstoppable, 
  something something more music packs . 
  can anyone tell me who he his ? 
  never heard of him but i have n't been playing for long ... 
  its exactly the same with me . 
  what mmr are you playing him in ? 
  i try to use him as a pure ganker , i will do nothing else but gank lanes . 
  hopefully i will be able to give my team some kills , get them fed , destroy the enemies moral and proceed to win game but so many times have i been with scores like 7-2 , 8-3 , or 10 plus kills and only 2 or 3 deaths and still lose the game . 
  i always blame myself for it though , im pretty sure that the hero can honestly singlehandedly carry a game if played to perfection . 
  per match . 
  when you think about it it actually makes a lot of sense . 
  you already have all the assets on your phone/tablet/pc , so what is being exchanged between players are board states which can be done just by using text . 
  porcupine tree, 
  amplifier, 
  peach, 
  ashes divide, 
  a pale horse named death, 
  karnivool, 
  fair to midland, 
  indukti, 
  machine head, 
  i threw some things in the list that might seem a bit unrelated , like gojira , but because op kinda seemed to have a taste for heavier music i advised that . 
  just a heads up so you dont get scared cause its a bit heavy . 
  amplifier i really enjoy their self titled album , their lyrics are out of this planet . 
  pale horse is just this really dark mood slow metal , kinda doomish but fuckin great if you are feeling it . 
  indukti is really fuckin good , a mix of acoustic and really heavy distorted guitars makes up such an unique sound . 
  peach have heavy influences from tool so i thought i would throw them in as well and sinew is a more prog rock kinda sound but also amazing . 
  typical `` it doesn t affect me so i dont give a shit '', 
  does it work for players who have n't calibrated yet ? 
  if it does try me please : http://www.dotabuff.com/players/33562993, 
  yeah i dont start with one either ... or at least i didnt think i did , but after hearing and trying to replicate some of the riffs and harmonies i came up with i noticed the pattern . 
  by a cobra shot, 
  you need to understand game mechanics and design to be able to legitimatly tell that there is some similarity between that hero and a santa claus ? 
  people are dicks , true . 
  in fact , you are being one of them . 
  actually `` lepo lepo '' means sex . 
  bulldog usually plays this song before turning his strean off , it became a meme, 
  they did n't have a brain either by the looks of it . 
  as invoker , if i invoke sunstrike and then put another point on exort , does the sunstrike do the damage of the previous exort points or the new ones ? 
  [ dead combo - esse olhar que era so teu ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ypyd2pvi-_w ), 
  thats some positive attitude !, 
  my guess on your mmr is 9200, 
  i also play the drums . 
  it 's not the same . 
  i have not seen the new engine yet nor do i know what it will do differently , but it is a new engine . 
  we can probably expect to have some changes to the core way the game is played although i find that hard to believe it is completly possible . 
  launching a new engine is not something valve or icefrog would want to do just before the qualifiers for the biggest tournment of the year i dont believe . 
  i thought they would at least change the pathing a bit and that would take some time to get used to : /, 
  what ? 
  it destroyed pubs in dota ? 
  i never played the original game , but did n't the hero have the same abilities ? 
  whats the difference here ? 
  exactly . 
  thats why i asked what the difference was in hearthstone 's case . 
  i understand that game sense and skill are two seperate things in a game like dota or counter-strike , thats why teams have coaches , to help them in the strategy area while the players master the skill aspect of the game . 
  however in those games it 's pretty easy to see skill as mechanical thing , but in hearthstone there is no mechanical skill , you just put cards on the table . 
  tl ; dr skill in hearthstone is like skill in chess , it 's not about moving the pieces , is knowing where to move them . 
  i ca n't take all these boners , gaben pls, 
  it 's happening with dota too , so i guess it 's something with the servers . 
  seems about right, 
  i cant tell you for a fact but im pretty sure skype eats a shit load of bandwidth . 
  when i used wireless i couldnt play and have skype on . 
  on top of that there are bugs like ghost calls , sometimes you get kicked from a call for no reason and have to restart skype so you can join back in and sending a 2mb file to someone takes about 3 and a half weeks . 
  yeah i played two faceit matches on cbble and i really enjoyed it actually , even though we didnt know any strat or nade haha, 
  dont you think that the b site is a little too t sided though ? 
  i feel like t 's get there just as fast as cts and there is no actual way to position yourself for a solid defense but then again i knew none of the defensive smokes or mollys ... 
  typical, 
  i did n't read every single thread about the summit , but the big one yesterday was discussing the fact that betting sites were being advertised during breaks . 
  i 'm completly fine with the tournments production , i think it 's great , i think it has great teams and i think that people were expecting this tournment to be kind of a jokey one after the first edition but clearly bts thought they would do a kinda informal tourney but still a serious one . 
  the real problem for me is the betting advertisement . 
  it is literally ruinning two of my favourite games and i ca n't stand behind that . 
  we got to a point where pro players got banned by valve on cs : go because of matchfixing for fuckin skins , thats how sad the betting bullshit is .
