  i can also share other tips on fighting the problem that have been quite useful for me personally . 
  i. . . use r1, 
  my server browser stops working everytime i start counter-strike for some weird ass reason . 
  it 's awful . 
  not even the favourites show up , not sure if anyone else has the same problem . 
  it usually takes one or two reboots of the game for it to work . 
  i would love if valve could give it a bit of love , i use it all the time to search for dm 's , arenas and to play some surf and i think anyone else who plays the game semi-seriously does it to to find servers to practice their aim . 
  you must have never played other games, 
  i just got up to go get some cookies and suddenly aui is godlike, 
  you took the b8 m8, 
  it 's synderen , you can keep going, 
  nope . 
  perfect world also had a lot of cash . 
  look at how that went, 
  tracing , routing ? 
  yeah i understand if you have to do it but like i said i 've been trying to search on the daily purchase advice threads and i cant find that many requests that resemble mine . 
  if you remove it though would you mind me creating another thread asking if there is anything i can do to solve this issue with my at 's ? 
  cause a user just now told me to try velour pads , maybe there are ways to deal with the issue that i dont know about . 
  thanks and sorry !, 
  yeah i understand if you have to do it but like i said i 've been trying to search on the daily purchase advice threads and i cant find that many requests that resemble mine . 
  if you remove it though would you mind me creating another thread asking if there is anything i can do to solve this issue with my at 's ? 
  cause a user just now told me to try velour pads , maybe there are ways to deal with the issue that i dont know about . 
  thanks and sorry !, 
  hey man , thanks , i only got the time to check reddit now , i will now post on the daily advices thread asking for a pair of open headphones and i will create the thread about fixing my m50x 's , so i can get all the options i have . 
  sorry for breaking the rule !, 
  hey , thanks for the help but i really do n't think iem 's will be good for me , cause like i said i believe the problem is the oxygenation in my ears , hence why i think i need open back headphones , so the air can flow through . 
  yeah i cant be sure if its because of the fact that it is closed or because of the clamping force . 
  im saying that open back headphones would fix it because my last pair were the akg 240 or something like that and i could last like a year without having to go to my doctor . 
  now i use the ats for 1 hour and im 2 days in pain and with my skin burning like hell . 
  this is what scares me the most , im not sure what the problem is exactly and im afraid of spending even more money on something that will not cut it, 
  thanks . 
  do you know of any tutorial i can check on how to change the pads of the m50s ? 
  i do n't know , my doctor says that it is a chronic problem , that there is nothing he can give me to make it disappear so i guess that 's not it . 
  i kinda got to the conclusion that oxygenation was the answer to it because of what is happening now with the closed back headphones and the fact that during the night is usually where i have the most itching and i assumed it was because my head is laying on my pillow so the ear is covered . 
  it makes sense to me and based on what i feel , but im not sure if the clamping force of the headphones would also cause it because the m50s do have a really strong one . 
  yeah , that doesnt happen : / i think it really is a problem with my ears and now im not even sure if its about the clamping force or the fact that the pads do not allow the air to flow through them . 
  exactly . 
  it 's within my ear , the interior gets easily dry and itchy but i do n't really know why . 
  the fact that my ear canal is also kinda fucked up makes it so that the ear wax accumulates in it and i have to clean it regularly . 
  using iem 's would only make that problem worse i believe . 
  yeah , thanks . 
  the reason i 'm saying that the open backs would solve my issue is that my last pair of headphones were an akg 240 and they were open . 
  i used them for like 2 years and during that time i had little to no problems with my ears other than the occasional itching , but it was far better than it is now and the only culprit i can find are my new at 's . 
  thank you so much . 
  i 'm gon na start by trying to spread the head band a bit more so that the clamping force reduces and see if that helps . 
  if not i might get those velour pads and install them . 
  actually , listening to intermission before jimmy gets me so fuckin pumped, 
  trihard, 
  i 'd just keep everything and i would have a lifetime supply of guitar picks . 
  it 's also about design . 
  not sure if the guy above you really likes being good at just one hero or if he does it because the game kinda makes him play that way . 
  the fact that lol has characters that need to be unlocked plus the bloody runes makes it so that playing one hero and being proffecient at it is the best way to play the game on the early skill brackets . 
  overwatch and dota make all characters available to you from the get go with no additional perks to improve aim or anything like that , which allows you to master every single one of them even when you are starting . 
  this creates a completly different dynamic , specially in ow because you can change characters mid game , turning unfavourable situations into favourable ones . 
  i very much like this ow and dota design better , however i played the ow beta and i never felt a `` wow this is great ! '', 
  moment , i just enjoyed it but games were like 80 % stomps for any team . 
  i just slightly enjoyed the game but felt there were a lot of frustration points to make it awful to play mainly alone . 
  it 's also about design . 
  not sure if the guy above you really likes being good at just one hero or if he does it because the game kinda makes him play that way . 
  the fact that lol has characters that need to be unlocked plus the bloody runes makes it so that playing one hero and being proffecient at it is the best way to play the game on the early skill brackets . 
  overwatch and dota make all characters available to you from the get go with no additional perks to improve aim or anything like that , which allows you to master every single one of them even when you are starting . 
  this creates a completly different dynamic , specially in ow because you can change characters mid game , turning unfavourable situations into favourable ones . 
  i very much like this ow and dota design better , however i played the ow beta and i never felt a `` wow this is great ! '', 
  moment , i just enjoyed it but games were like 80 % stomps for any team . 
  i just slightly enjoyed the game but felt there were a lot of frustration points to make it awful to play mainly alone . 
  hey man i noticed your flair and i was thinking about getting the hm5 pads for my m50x 's as well . 
  are those the velour ones ? 
  if yes , what were the main differences you noticed when you got them ? 
  today op delivered . 
  he is just holding the gmaj chord and going 3-2-0 on the high e string . 
  the easiest way for you to do it is to start with your pinky and then going to the second fret with the index and in the end releasing them all . 
  oh shit i read `` between 2:00 and 2:04 '' , sorry . 
  i 'm gon na try and get the chords you actually need haha, 
  hey i forgot to answer you yesterday but i believe he is going g-dmaj-g , but on the dmaj he is only playing the power chord and letting the high e string sound and on the last g i think he is playing it without the first note , so its basically 3 fingers on the 12th fret of the b g and d strings and he is also letting the higher e sound . 
  this last one im not entirely sure , but im off to uni now . 
  if you are still struggling send me a message so i can try and check it out again once i get back, 
  6754 thanks man !, 
  thanks man !, 
  it 's giving the news hahaha, 
  edit : we 're back !, 
  close enough, 
  is he playing support lion ? 
  i 'm so fuckin confused, 
  if this was league of legends the money og got from all the tournments would n't be enough to pay the fine . 
  for this very first project i literally googled `` fuzz pedal schematic '' because i knew it was one of the easiest circuits to assemble and went with the first link i found . 
  so [ this is the schematic ] ( http://cdn.instructables.com/fnj/wwoh/gpbdgk20/fnjwwohgpbdgk20.large.jpg ) . 
  yeah the dc analysis was the first thing i thought of . 
  just check what i 'm supposed to have on each node theoritically and go and try it on the circuit . 
  the thing with this is when you assemble a bigger pedal do you do the same thing ? 
  wo n't it be incredibly more complex and time consuming to do so ? 
  if so , what are the alternatives , if there is any ? 
  thanks for the help !, 
  the dc analysis was also my first thought . 
  i 've already put this in my other response , but my question about that approach is that in a bigger project with multiple stages would n't it be incredibly time consuming to do that ? 
  and so would n't there be any other easier approach ? 
  i do have the osciloscope in my uni , i actually used it when i tested the completed circuit . 
  unfortunatly i only know that the second transistor is not working , most likely because i burnt is as the current was way above what it was supposed to be i believe . 
  well i just finished testing the circuit in dc and it all works like it should . 
  all the transistors are fine and the circuit behaves like it should according to the simulation . 
  i just need to test it with my guitar plugged in now or with the osciloscope .
