  you got yourselves a buyer . 
  i do know what it is , i 've actually programmed quite a lot . 
  i say that in the sense that it is not user friendly , im pretty sure it could be much better . 
  yeah i guess i just end up getting loss in all the hardware capabilities thing and i forget that silly features like this go a long long way to an average user . 
  i 've read that obs vce is actually better than shadowplay to stream with . 
  it 's that recording the last 3 minutes of gameplay thing that is the deal-breaker , specially for him since he plays cs a lot and always enjoys to be able to record a nice ace or nice shot real quick . 
  thanks man !, 
  as im sure you know after reading my post i did configure it only to get an error message saying that my hardware does not support it . 
  i have an msi r9 390 . 
  this is my experience with it , thats the point of the post , the only experience i can share with my friend is the one i had and it was not a good one as i cant actually use it . 
  by raptr you mean plays.tv ? 
  thats the thing , i had an error when trying to use it . 
  tried to search for it but never had any luck , i ended up uninstalling all the raptr programs from my pc as it was always showing me some message that my games were not optimized . 
  this is what i get after setting up everything with obs, 
  yeah i will try that again and report back on how it went , thanks for the patience !, 
  wow thanks for this . 
  was this based on the thread i created about not being able to record gameplay ? 
  i will try it when i get home but i was never able to actually use plays.tv with my r9 390 . 
  it seemed to be a software issue , some error that didnt even allow me to go to the program settings . 
  i will try to reinstall it when i get home . 
  oh boy that formatting is a.pain in the ass to read . 
  try and take a print screen of the components or something , its really confusing like this . 
  what i can tell you right now is that you dont need an i7 for gaming , you will only need it if you are going to work with video and image editors or streaming . 
  cut that down to an i5 6600k and put a z170 motherboard . 
  also you dont need 16gb of ram unless you are doing what i said above , 8gb are enough for gaming . 
  if you opt for the i5 6600k go for 8gb of ddr4 ram . 
  you also seem to have 3tb of storage . 
  do you really need that much ? 
  with what you save from this you can upgrade that graphics card to a 970 or an r9 390 , depending on the prices . 
  the 4690k is the last gen intel processor , the mobo that goes with is the z97 . 
  just see if theres a big diference between the 4690k and the 6600k . 
  if you can get the new 6600k and the z170 mobo with it ( thats the mobo you need for that processor ) within your budget without cutting down on the gpu , do it . 
  bless you, 
  yeah its really unfortunate but i cant seem to be able to get it to work . 
  already googled the problem , a lot of people seem to have it as well . 
  tried ddu and clean install , reinstalled the program but still nothing . 
  mine runs at 60 degrees celsius on idle and goes to about 80 while playing bf4 on ultra for a couple of hours ... 
  do you have a fan profile or something ? 
  i thought the card fans only kicked in at over 60 degrees, 
  this is great for a european, 
  yeah , can you leave it on for like an hour on idle and tell me what the gpu temp is ? 
  i think it is strange that i have the temps the double of yours : /, 
  thank you very much !, 
  i always thought my temps were normal , now that you said that i 'm kinda worried . 
  i would say if you have a little extra money go with a skylake build . 
  i would even dare to day that it would be worth it to get a r9 390 with a 6600k and ddr4 ram rather than a 980 . 
  still those are just my 2 cents , the only real issue in the build is that you have a z97 mobo which is meant for overclockable cpus but the 4690 is not overclockable , the 4690k is . 
  yeah , i mean 80 degrees on load is still a bit more than what you are having but then again the only piece of my build i regret buying is the case i have , it only fits one fan besides the one already installes on the front because of the cpu cooler i have so my airflow is probably shit . 
  thank you for taking the time to do this , i was really getting worried . 
  a pedrada . 
  if no one does it i will try it out when i get home , but that will be like 4 hours from now, 
  this is something i dont know much about but just because it is dx12 does it mean that it supports the async computing ? 
  are we sure this game does it ? 
  i think if you are worried about the future , the 390 is the way to go . 
  double the vram is great for more demanding titles that might come in 2016 . 
  also at 1440p i believe the 390 is more notably superior to the 970 . 
  your system should also run it fine . 
  yeah if they are the same price go 390 . 
  check some benchmarks just to be sure , i remember seeing some back when i got mine but i was looking mostly at the 1080p ones . 
  actually im a bundle of sticks , i dont even have win 10 on my rig , i havent upgraded yet : /, 
  amon amarth parte tanto, 
  could n't this be a macro ? 
  the power supply is not the best , go with a g2 like / u/stumpypandalegs said if you can get it . 
  other than that i like the build . 
  i mean the 980 is not that great in price/performance , which doesnt mean that it is not good , it is still a beast of a card . 
  you will run all recent games at  60 fps easily . 
  yes , its a bit more expensive but it is worth it . 
  i actually kinda agree with you , but this is the amd subreddit , people might not always be that rational about things . 
  if op swaped it and did n't spend a dollar to get the 390 then it was a good deal . 
  yes i think that is perfectly normal , i go up to 80\u00ba playing battlefield 4 without any oc . . 
  check the gpu usage though , to make sure it is indeed normal . 
  but it varies frequently ? 
  or does it stay kinda stable throughout your play session ? 
  arma 2 is poorly optimized and on top of that you are using a mod which takes its toll . 
  i would try and play other demanding games to see what your temps are because basing those worries on a single game does not make sense . 
  i do n't have any fan curve and mine gets to 80\u00ba easily . 
  why are you people downvoting the guy ? 
  he has a preference , it 's up to the more informed people to talk him through on why it is right/wrong . 
  whats the point of hiding the coment in downvotes ? 
  other people with the same preference might not see the pros and cons to it ... 
  i dont really understand what you mean with `` having a cooler '' , cause most of the cards come with an aftermarket cooler ( msi , powercolor , saphire , etc ) . 
  the temps are no problem , its maybe 5 degrees hotter than the 970, 
  oh no , it was a honest question , i was not understanding the question as english is not my first language . 
  all graphics cards come with a cooler , and depending on the brand it may be better or worse . 
  the amd cards usually run a bit hot , yes , but compared to the 970 the 390 is maybe 5\u00ba hotter under load , it 's not that much . 
  not op but i would have gone with a cheaper mobo and maybe a different psu , im not really familiar with that brand but i have the impression rhat its not great, 
  have you tried dota dude ? 
  i swear i ca n't see the reason why one would prefer lol over dota , dota is such a more free game , you can do anything and anything can work . 
  oh the nvidia card you bought was not for your rig ? 
  the battery is the only thing that makes laptops ... well a laptop . 
  if you take it out then why not just build a mini itx desktop ? 
  you should check rui veloso and xutos e pontap\u00e9s for the rock n roll kinda stuff, 
   noobfromua is one of the reasons why he has ** so many ** views when he streams, 
  i have the same card , play bf4 quite often on ultra and it never dips below 70 , i would say the average is probably 80 fps except on some maps like caspian border , but i think it 's because they are not well optimized and everyone has the same problem . 
  i would love the citroen saxo to make it to this game . 
  it 's the riciest car of them all . 
  install something like the msi afterburner and enable the on screen display of the cpu usage , gpu usage , cpu temps , gpu temps and memory usage . 
  check the cpu usage mainly because i think it might be bottlenecking your gpu . 
   i 'm scared the card will spontaneously combust with that high tdp . 
  maybe you are better off going nvidia .
