  so would you like to see overwatch free to play or pay to play with maybe a small price tag in the 15-30 dollar range ? 
  why , why not ? 
  i 've been playing quite a bit and something i notice pros do is to a click the ground to attack near units . 
  this way you can move and attack to keep mobility , you can climb stairs and immediatly auto attack someone there that you didnt know was there and overall just seems a better way to get damage dealt . 
  do pros bind the a-click to something like left mouse button ? 
  or do they actually a + click the ground ? 
  cause it doesnt seem natural to do so . . 
  hey guys . 
  i 've been playing some games lately where i 've been feeling really freaking useless in teamfights . 
  heroes like bane , rhasta , lion to some extent , even storm spirit that essentially rely on single spell abilities just render me useless in 5v5 team fights . 
  specially supports , i understand that i need to blink + hex to get a pick off for exemple but when its a full on 5v5 i just feel i stay on the side of the fight hoping not to get killed instead of actually being useful . 
  i watch shit loads of streams and videos , i often try to understand what to do with each hero but ingame im just hopeless . 
  do you guys have any tips ? 
  like who to focus first to disable , should i go for the fat right clicker or should i go for the guy that has the big aoe spell ? 
  i was trying to add funds to purchase cities skylines to my steam account and i kept getting an error . 
  i logged out and now everytime i try to get in i cant . 
  anyone else ? 
  im getting slightly worried because it was right in the middle of the funds transfer : /, 
  edit : i think its back up guys , sorry for the panic post . 
  i 'm trying to get into oracle and i need some help with the combos . 
  what do i use to heal allies ( im pretty sure its w then e ) and what do i use to deal damage ( this one is the one im having more trouble with since i always seem to end up healing the enemies ) ? 
  i searched this subreddit but i only found item builds and some discussion about the hero , but not what i wanted . 
  i just noticed after hearing the originals i have recorded on my phone that everytime i pick my electric im playing in d maj/min most of the time i play on the acoustic i come up with something in gmmaj . 
  do you guys also have this prefered keys to play in ? 
  if so do you think your musical influences have something to do with it or is it something else ? 
  i have no idea what to do . 
  sometimes my weapons disappear , i 'll be running around with the crosshair only , others my character seems like it 's elevated and constantly jumping . 
  right now i got into a game and my scoreboard and radar would not show up and everytime any of those things happen , when i exit the server and go back looking for community servers no server will appear in the search . 
  has anyone experienced anything like this before ? 
  i 've tried reinstalling and it 's still the same . 
  rtz playing riki . 
  hey guys . 
  i 've been trying to install this game for the past week and everyday i try to do it battle.net wo n't download it , giving me an error that my internet might not be working ( lol ) . 
  does anyone know a solution to this problem ? 
  i 've posted on blizz forums and got no help . 
  thanks and im sorry if this does n't belong here . 
  hey guys . 
  i recently picked up this game and i am really enjoying the laid back yet actually intricate game style that it has to offer . 
  i just now got absolutly destroyed by this invis dude called zeratul . 
  i have a dota background and invis heroes were there too but you could buy items to counter them so my question is how do i counter this heroes and other ones that are invis too in this game ? 
  sorry if this has been asked before and if so i think a weekly noob questions thread would be great here . 
  the dota2 sub has one too and with the new income of players since the game is now in open beta it would be a cool place for us to ask this stupid questions . 
  thanks !, 
  yesterday with team secret picking techies that became quite obvious . 
  today ferrari_430 denied himself to the roshan and there it goes again , another kill to the scoreboard . 
  i do n't think it actually helps anybody . 
  new players might get confused as to why that is happening and casters have to always be warning that even though the scoreboard is like that it does n't actually mean that x team has those amount of kills . 
  veterans also do n't get anything out of this , it 's just there to throw you off , i ca n't think of a single advantage to it . 
  thoughts about it ? 
  hey guys . 
  i 'm comming to a close on my build 's part list and right now my only indecision is related to the gpu . 
  i initially thought about getting a gtx960 but after reading some forums and discussions on the subject everyone was cutting in other areas ( like the cpu ) to get a 970 which is a whopping 150 $ more expensive . 
  so after analysing some benchmarks i also found that the r9 280x is sometimes almost on par with the 970 but i heard it 's power consumption and heating is way worse than the nvidia card . 
  i need help deciding which card to get , cause i do n't think i can afford to spend 380 $ on a 970 : /, 
  hey guys . 
  after a lot of searching and a lot of asking i finally got to my final build ( for gaming and some university things with programs like xilinx , eclipse , matlab , etc ) and it looks like this : http://imgur.com/ufr1ddh, 
  first of all sorry for not using pcpartpicker but i literally could n't understand the difference between the rams and could n't find neither the ssd nor the hdd i have in there with pcpartpicker . 
  i believe that you guys can understand all the parts by their names , sorry for it being in portuguese . 
  my question comes down to the motherboard and cpu : will the mobo limit me in the future ? 
  i was thinking about upgrading in 3/4 years and as i understand the h97 does not support sli . 
  would i be better off getting a z97 instead ? 
  and as i can see from other threads , a lot of people usually recommend the 4460 . 
  will i notice any difference between the two ? 
  thanks for the help . 
  i get destroyed every game against this guy . 
  his lane presence is abysmal and if you gank him he can just switch to the jungle and keep on farming . 
  a couple of lower health teammates and bam here he comes ferrari style storming through my tier ones to gank us . 
  any items that are good against him ? 
  hero counters ? 
  any other positional or map related tips i should know ? 
  thanks !, 
  i 'm now finishing my build and i have an i5 4690k and an r9 390 and i have no idea if a 550w psu will cut it or if i need to go for the 650w one . 
  that got me thinking , how do you guys know how much builds need ? 
  do you go with the products specifications ? 
  how about overclocked components ? 
  thanks !, 
  hey guys . 
  i 'm about to build a new gaming rig and i 'm thinking about gettin an r9 390 as my gpu but i was wondering if the 290x is better since they are about the same price where im buying . 
  the thing is i ca n't find a single benchmark for the 390 when i search google . 
  the only benchmarks that show up are for the 390x . 
  does anyone know where i can find them ? 
  if possible with pictures instead of video because im on mobile : /, 
  thanks !, 
  i was googling about it and saw people with their r9 's idling at 32\u00ba . 
  is there something wrong with mine ? 
  hey guys . 
  i bought divinity : original sin on a sale about 6 monthds ago . 
  i have exactly 65 minutes in game and i did not enjoy it at all even after all the amazing reviews it got . 
  i was wondering if it was worth to try and refund it now ? 
  if so , how do i apply for a special case like this ? 
  thanks and sorry if this has already been posted , i tried to search for it but nothing showed up . 
  title , like the nvidia one . 
  if not what do you guys use to do it ? 
  thanks !, 
  i was just wondering if these temperatures are normal . 
  i already posted to / r/advencedmicrodevices and after a bit of searching i found out that the 55-60\u00ba temp of the gpu while idling are normal but was wondering if 80\u00ba is normal too after 15 minutes of playing battlefield 3 on ultra . 
  also my cpu does seem to be fine but my cpu usage graph looks like the grand canyon so sometimes the temps go up to 50\u00ba while watching a stream and doing other web stuff . 
  sorry if this is all a bit silly but i built my pc 5 days ago and i want to make sure everything is doing fine . 
  thanks guys !, 
  none of my friends are willing to give 20 bucks for this but the more i watch this the more i want it .
