  having to be on your toes for a long time in these conditions is just not fun . 
  i feel this way about a lot of multiplayer games i used to love though , thats why lately ive been playing more singleplayer games like grim dawn and the division . 
  arpgs are great for that i believe . 
  ive been playing grim dawn as a complete newb to the genre and although ive found out that my build is absolute dog shit its really relaxing to just kill dudes and blow shit up while listening to music, 
  yeah i tried that too but playing as a support and having to actually communicate with my team when i wanted to gank and do something it became obvious that i needed to know what they were up to . 
  i think its just the shitty community and the game being stressful as fuck for me that make it really hard for me to play but amazing to watch on pro streams and tournments which is basically what ive been doing for the past few months, 
  yeah , like i said im a completely newb to the genre . 
  i tried poe but i gave up soon after because it just felt boring . 
  i also played the d3 demo and i liked it a lot , but the 40 $ price tag on it was a difficult bullet for me to bite being kind of a patient gamer at the time . 
  i realky like the setting in grim dawn , its really ... well , grim , and i love those ambients . 
  if you know a bit about the genre i believe you can spot the differences easily by watching a bit of gameplay . 
  people usually say this game is more similar to titan quest ( never played that , but it might mean something to you ) . 
  i tried . 
  but the fun from dota comes from the millions of builds you can do and the deep that gives to the game . 
  hots is really smooth and the skills are very cool , but then you are basically set on a timer and when the time comes everyone has to go and do the map objective and whoever wins gets free tower damage . 
  it didnt feel dynamic or deep at the time , but i played it back in the beta , it was a long time ago . 
  i will surely try it again when i get home though , i had forgot about it . 
  hopefully the community is a bit better . 
  the entrance band, 
  100 % of the people who drink water die, 
  let 's try, 
  s1mple with an awp is god damn poetry, 
  he pushed out of the library to try and nocope someone from navi that he dinked . 
  missed the noscope , died and opened the long mid for them to take . 
  and to deflect some grenade damage apparently . 
  yeah , maybe i 'm remembering that wrong , but i was pretty sure device knew he was low . 
  that 's why when he first went out of library i thought he was gon na go and finish him with the pistol or even knife him . 
  when he went in with the awp i just got really fuckin confused . 
  5 man running away from the site liquid is attacking . 
  the ultimate surrender signal, 
  i know that everyone is bashing on liquid because `` lol xd le richard lewis level choke '' but luminosity honestly have the best saves out of any team ive seen play . 
  they can keep 2 or more rifles when they know the round is lost and usually they will take one or two more guys from the other team with them . 
  the next round the same thing happens and eventually when they click with one round they can just plow from there abd ruin the other teams economy in no time . 
  liquid played really fuckin well , saying that they lost 2-0 does not give them the credit they deserve , they put the best team in the world on two overtimes and they were not even supposed to come out of the group stages . 
  better luck next time !, 
  harder better faster stronger / around the world is one of the best songs ever made in the history of mankind . 
  hey man . 
  do you mind if i ask you where you get the schematics to build the circuit of the pedal ? 
  i 'm trying to build my very first fuzz pedal but it sounds like ass ( literally , it sounds like a fart ) . 
  i was wondering where do you guys get the schematics that actually make it sound good . 
  sorry for the offtopic and thanks in advance !, 
  literally the first result that shos up on google when you search `` fuzz pedal schematic '' . 
  the thing is im testing it on a breadboard and i havent soldered anything so im not sure if its the circuit itself that sounds like crap or if its the interferences from the wires, 
  thats a drag race, 
  or all three of them, 
  your username get 's particullarly relevant in this question, 
  i 'm gon na upvote you because this is the funniest shit i 've read all day, 
  you have gamestream and shadowplay on amd , it 's obs with their encoder for streaming and plays.tv for the shadowplay equivalent . 
  the problem is exactly this , i had no fuckin idea this existed until after i bought my amd card . 
  amd 's pr and marketing is basically non existent . 
  they are like the good guy bob , a straight up bloke who always stands for the best of the others , who always defends the righteous but because he does so in a passive manner , he always gets shat on by everyone else , so he ends up living under the bridge . 
  this kind of posts are absolutly worthless . 
  nvidia has more users because they make cards that have the best bang for the buck , or at least did . 
  even comparing the 390 to the 970 ( i have the 390 by the way ) , you have to keep in mind that the amd card came out almost a year later . 
  thats a lot of time in a business like this , where technology is always moving fast . 
  it ca n't , you are right . 
  you have alternatives though , like splashtop . 
  but let 's not pretend that nvidia has all this marketshare thanks to people who buy their cards because they can stream their games to their tablets . 
  i have no idea , i never used it actually . 
  i know about it because i read on it a while ago , but i honestly ca n't remember much . 
  downvoted for having an opinion . 
  [ and shox vs vp ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fng0a_te72e ), 
  there is always this one guy, 
  5 bullets left , the balls to do that holy shit, 
  what ? 
  you 're like 1 and a half year late dude, 
  the point is no one cares anymore , specially not when it 's three guys running , rushing through a smoke . 
  not only can he hear their steps as they show up and he can see their feet . 
  lmao i did not notice that, 
  sometimes when i 'm about to discuss my assignments i get so insecure i just start shitting on riot . 
  it 's a natural reflex i developed over the years i 've been playing counter-strike . 
  faze marcelo, 
  / r/carsfuckingdragons, 
  people who do n't play the game do n't even have any idea about how fucked up it is . 
  just recently they released a perk that would reduce the damage taken from elites . 
  the perk actually increased the damage taken from elites . 
  next level coding . 
  i do n't even play anymore . 
  the only pro argument for the division that i see is that the first 30 hours are fun and it 's a fun game with friends . 
  i played 10 hours probably and i swear to god that every single side-mission was copy pasted from a previous one . 
  there were about 3 different ones at most . 
  i just do n't get it . 
  i do n't feel that bad cause i got it at about 30 $ but even then , 30 $ for a nyc tour feels quite steep . 
  where the hell is this bot when i 'm trying to convert pst to gmt on the major game 's times ? 
  my first year on the masterrace with a pc that can actually run games !, 
  thanks for the giveaway . 
  blocked another person ? 
  must have a mental illness - reddit 's logic, 
  pelagic actually means that it lives floating in the ocean , it depends on it to survive . 
  i remember learning that in a biology class once . 
  oh yeah right . 
  bentonic on the floor , you are absolutely right . 
  im gon na edit that shit , thanks . 
  honestly i think there should be a stickied thread or something about hearing issues and how to prevent them . 
  i started lurking around this subreddit when i had to upgrade my headphones and i ended up getting a closed back pair . 
  i have eczema in my ears though and it 's been quite a pain in the ass to deal with it after i started using them . 
  thing about eczema is that it dries the skin in my ears so it 's always red and itching , it falls all the time and you end up with dead skin inside your ears wich itches even more but the air is really good to it , it helps a lot for some reason , my best bet being that the eczema is caused by some sort of bacteria and bacterias dont do well in oxygenated environments . 
  so basically i still use the headphones but i take them off all the time instead of being with them on for prolonged periods . 
  with my last pair ( they were open back ) i never had this issue . 
  i basically made a mistake i did n't even think i could make and i would love to leave this as a tip somewhere so that other people who might have the same problem wo n't do the same mistake .
