  im just praying to not get ea 'd , ie you want this alpine sticker ? 
  how about it being on the stickers dlc selling for 9,99 $ ? 
   for example , we must ensure :, 
   products imported into the eu meet our high standards that :, 
   protect people 's health and safety , and the environment, 
   benefit society in other ways . 
  they are both really competitive . 
  the main difference gameplay wise is that league is more cattered towards individual plays i think , so each champion has a set of skills that usually combo with each other in a way that you know can be used effectively to outplay your opponent , skills that usually have a lower mana cost than in dota . 
  in dota however your spells early on cost a lot of mana and a simple stun might take away more than 50 % of your mana pool . 
  you are really reliant on auto attacks early on and kills often come from chained stuns from your teammates and support rotations . 
  these things were the ones i found the most impactful when playing one game and the other , it 's what i feel is the main difference in the gameplay . 
  what i mean is that every champion has a set of skills that allow you to pull off some crazy combos that are really rewarding for the player which is why i think league is the most popular game , the individual skill might not be enough to carry a game as you are saying ( i havent played in a while , not sure how it is now ) but it is fullfilling and rewarding whereas in dota a lot of the kills come from right click damage that has to be set up somehow , making the positioning a lot more relevant with things like the uphill vs downhill ground . 
  im not bashing any game , im just trying to explain what i felt were the main differences after playing both games from a noob point of view . 
  so thats the reason why im not 7k yet, 
  i like your username . 
  i 'm just a lurker here but what i notice is that on the front page there is always either a post saying how blizzard should change x feature to be like dota/lol or a post from someone from dota/lol justifying why he/she switched to hots . 
  i swear to god i 've never seen a community who feels so obligated to justify itself for playing the game . 
  i remember when the new ui was announced the uprising that was going on in lol subreddit . 
  however in the front page ate the same time was a thread with over 3k upvotes and over 1k comments about some game mode to unlock a pool party skin or something like that . 
  i mean if you people keep giving them money for their low efforts do you think anything is going to change ? 
  maybe this uproar will make them do something , but from a business success standpoint why change what is not broken ? 
  we are just lucky valve actually listens and gets things done eventually . 
  because if not we would be in the same boat as you guys , everyone throws so much money at valve it 's not even funny , they could just release cosmetics and their business would still be amazing ( sorta like cs : go actually ) . 
  would you go for the goty edition or am i nicely serverd with the base game ? 
  for someone who never played fallout, 
  so how is grim dawn for someone who played and kinda enjoyed path of exile but gave up because of the constant desync ? 
  is it worth the 12 $ ? 
  uhm ok , thanks for your feedback !, 
  i never actually played a game like this for a long time , i just tried poe and played for 4 or 5 hours maybe and gave up . 
  i really like to watch games like this though so i thought it might be a good pickup to play now in the summer since i probably wo n't have any internet . 
  this is single player right ? 
  how did you feel about the difficulty for a more casual gamer to the genre ? 
  i do n't understand who would even downvote this , you are right . 
  can i take this thread to ask what a `` ricer '' is ? 
  does enjoying the cars from fast and furious like the skyline , the supra , the civics , etc make me a ricer ? 
  holy crap that looks sweet, 
  nyx assassin, 
  puck is actually fan made , not sure if the model came from warcraft , but yeah pretty much every hero in dota is from warcraft . 
  actually yesterday me and a friend of mine were in a lobby waiting for a third dude to come and we were comparing all heroes from hots to the ones in dota and the few ones i did n't know which ones were their dota counterpart were mostly girls like sylvannas , johanna , etc. 
  yeah , i thought windrunner was valla . 
  they look really similar . 
  thanks , i did not know about that picture !, 
  yeah but i thought wraith king was also based on a diablo character ? 
  so i was considering that they were based on diablo too . 
  thats what i thought but i could n't tell for sure . 
  i do n't know , i never actually played warcraft before : / but nyx assassin was literally called anubarak . 
  this was one of the most entertaining and funny games i have watched out of any esport . 
  i know it must have been a pain in the ass for fnatic to deal with , but still this was so good , i could n't stop laughing at everything that was happening . 
  waow that amazing . 
  i have 400 hours on it and i do n't even play that much compared to some of my friends . 
  it 's a great game , if you like shooters and are competitive this is the game for you . 
  right now , for 5 bucks i would say it is the best value for money out of every game i own on steam . 
  out of your wishlist witcher 2 and cs : go are must haves for the price they are right now . 
  other than that i would say this war of mine is also really good . 
  i do n't have it but i watched some videos and really liked the gameplay and heavy emotional side to it . 
  do n't know if you have them already but the bioshock franchise , fallout franchise , borderlands franchise , civilization franchise , the elder scrolls franchise , insurgency are all really good for the money they are selling so i would consider . 
  they are related . 
  i have n't played the witcher yet , just looked around for opinions on it and it got overwhelming positives from who played it so i went ahead and bought it . 
  by what i understand the witcher 3 lets you recap the decisions you made in the second game , so you would not have to complete that game to be able to understand the 3 's storyline , but by the videos i watched about it , it does get a tad bit more confusing , so playing the second before is by my understanding recommended . 
  the thing is witcher 2 is on sale now for 3 bucks . 
  is it really making that much of a dent in your wallet ? 
  who cares honestly . 
  they took dota and made it more accessible to the common denominator . 
  they took a genre and improved it the way they thought it should be improved . 
  this wars never lead nowhere , it 's like saying every single shooter after doom is a copy of doom . 
   they took a genre and improved it ** the way they thought it should be improved ** . 
  i am not trying to start a fight , you have to read everything and not take things out of context . 
  to us the way they `` improved '' was not good , but to others it was . 
  how much ? 
  i ca n't even begin to think how people can study and work at the same time . 
  i am not from the us but the degree i am taking just takes away so much of my time and i 'm still failing at a shit load of subjects , i have no idea how i would do it if i had to work . 
  mad respect for student-workers . 
  tucker is a real night fucker, 
  ter mamas ? 
  well that 's kinda shitty , i made that coffee for myself . 
  it says that it got deleted by the owner : / do you know if there is a youtube video of it ? 
  why an hdd blue ? 
  i am creating my build too and after reading some things online i thought the black was the best one for gaming ? 
  yeah , here is 25 $ more expensive , that a tad bit . 
  do you think i would be well served with a blue one ? 
  or is there that much of a difference ? 
  yeah , i just did n't know how large that speed bump would be , but i will stick to the blue one i think , thanks for the help !, 
  yup , this song and electric mistress , god i get in awe . 
  yeah , so frustrating to not be able to rampage on a 5 minute basis, 
  ok i created a thread about it but im gon na post here anyway . 
  im having trouble deciding what gpu to get . 
  ive been reading some forums and everyone tells me that a 970 is the best value for money card i can get , however its 150 $ more than a 960 . 
  i was thinking about putting an i5 4690k , should i just tone down on the cpu and get a nin clocked one to get the 970 ? 
  my other option was to get an r9 280x instead . 
  how do the cards compare ( 960 vs 970 vs 280x ) ? 
  thanks for the help . 
  so would you recomend an i5 4590 with a 970 over the 4690k with a 280x for example ? 
  if i were to buy the 280 would i need to get extra cooling or a power supply f more than 500w ? 
  thanks for the help . 
  so would you recomend an i5 4590 with a 970 over the 4690k with a 280x for example ? 
  if i were to buy the 280 would i need to get extra cooling or a power supply f more than 500w ? 
  thanks . 
  what is that vram issue ? 
  and if i indeed go for the 280 would i need extra cooling and power ? 
  yeah i 've been playing hots with a couple of friends and i actually like it but there are some things in there that are n't just outright lies .
