  i dont understand your question : /, 
  literally in the front page right now . 
  shroud is also really good when he plays in his room on stream kappa, 
  the big steelseries one because it was half the price of the goliathus . 
  unfortunatly cancer does n't always strike the people who deserve it . 
  it would surely make him more humble . 
  shit like this gets on my nerves . 
  i thought about getting into this game after trying out the free trial a while ago just because it is stunning and it seems a great concept . 
  the thing is what will it actually be about ? 
  i 've tried reading about it but no one seems certain . 
  they say you can be a rebel and fight or just be the dude who transports material and stuff . 
  what is the goal of the game ? 
  is it purely multiplayer ? 
  if i get the base early access version what will i be able to do ? 
  you are mixing it being popular with it being casual . 
  because it is played by millions around the world it does not mean it is casual . 
  league and dota are 2 of the most played games in the world . 
  you think because of that they are casual ? 
  that just does not make sense . 
  yes you can rush down mid and get an ace with a p90 but when you start improving you see that it becomes much harder to do that at higher levels . 
  thats the whole point of it , low skill floor , high skill ceiling . 
  it 's a game that takes a shit ton to get really good at , it 's the pure definition of a good competitive shooter . 
  but you have to listen to it after do n't get lost in heaven for maximum climax, 
  i 'm feeling glad !, 
  and if you feel down and want to cheer up listen to olsen olsen . 
  i 've been reading from up do down my whole life , i learnt that on primary school , why would i look at the top left corner of whatever it is to see where i have to start reading from ? 
  ok guys , sorry if this is a dumb question but will i need to still use ddu to completly remove the old drivers or does this software has a similar tool ? 
  this is something that i have n't followed for a long time , sure , but that i do n't see getting pointed as a reason to upgrade to amd . 
  the fact that this card and others hold their ground for much longer than their nvidia 's counterparts should be a big deciding factor for chooseing your gpu . 
  it was for me at least , this 390 was a big investment and i want it to last as long as possible . 
  benchmarks like this are a sign of relief for me . 
  my gpu usage is fluctuating a lot . 
  in some maps i 'm acutally getting 40-50 fps average because of how much it drops sometimes , it 's actually quite unplayable . 
  is it my card or is anyone else having the same issue ? 
  what card do you have ? 
  this is happening with a 390 . 
  can you fire it up and try it for just 5 minutes and see if the same thing happens ? 
  i 'm just afraid it is a problem with my card : /, 
  gpu usage is at 38 % . 
  the fps are fine in that moment , but with the gpu usage fluctuation its going from 140fps to 40 in a matter of seconds . 
  well yeah , i should have posted a gif but i dont know how to capture one , thats why i took the screenshot and left a comment to expand on what was happening . 
  i have 140 fps there but on the next second it drops down to 40 because the gpu usage went from 99 % to 38 % ... 
   i cant position myself for long ranges everywhere , its just not possible . 
  maybe that 's why the p90 is useful situationally ... 
  it 's almost as if it is ... a joke ? 
  no , no way , this is the most serious sub i come to , no way someone would shitpost or make a joke about anything as serious as doter 2, 
  well , she probably does now, 
  what the fuck did i read, 
  how did you revert back ? 
  using ddu ? 
  cause the new ddu version for some reason does not open on my pc : /, 
  thanks , i will try it to reverse back to 15.11 cause bf4 is getting some serious gpu usage variation . 
  / r/lewronggeneration, 
  i have the same card as well and i didnt notice any problem with the fans , they are working just as before . 
  not saying that the problem does not exist , just trying to say that it 's probably not brand specific . 
  yeah , i have no idea . 
  at the same time , while i have no problem with the fans , my gpu usage on bf4 is all over the place , making my fps fluctuate from 20 to 140 and i have n't seen anyone yet with a similar problem . 
  did you use the amd utility tool to revert back ? 
  i 'm still afraid to do so because the new ddu version does not work on my pc and i do n't know if the utility tool will get rid of everything . 
  any adivse on grim dawn ? 
  i tried the diablo 3 demo in the summer and i liked it quite a lot . 
  thought about getting it but ended up playing path of exile , get blown away by the bloody gigantic talent tree and got bored after like 10 levels of always doing the same thing for no appearent reason . 
  the diablo itch is still there , does this game scratch it good ? 
  that does n't give em a free card to do what the fuck they want to . 
  it would literally take them one guy to run fo4 , the most played aaa game at the moment , to notice the compass bug . 
  that 's just basic qa, 
  yes , that seems to be the common denominator . 
  the fan curves are the main cause of the problem as far as i can tell , as my card ( msi r9 390 ) didnt have any problem , but many people with custom fan profiles had this issue . 
  i understand that they might be buggy , but first of all every single driver that comes out now is beta , it just became standard and people just download them without thinking about the consequences because thats the only way they have to enjoy their newest aaa games to the fullest . 
  users are at fault , sort of , cause they are indeed using a product that might not have been fully tested but that brings me to the second point :, 
  if you release anything to the public , you at least test it before . 
  you might not have to intensivly test it , but at least run fucking fallout 4 on the new drivers since they also aim at improving that game . 
  like i said , if they cant spot a bug with the compass , something you notice 2 minutes into the game , how would they notice a bug with overlapping fan profiles ? 
  i5 4690k, 
  msi r9 390, 
  1 tb hdd, 
  250 gb ssd, 
  corsair h75 cpu cooler, 
  yeah , i can wait for stable drivers because im a patient gamer , i ca n't remember the last time i paid full price for a game , but i totally get the people who want the most out of their brand new games right away , and beta drivers are what gives them that performance . 
  i totally get your point that after all those are unfinished products but i 'm pretty sure amd is also at fault that beta drivers are used in such a banal manner , as they keep releasing them in that state . 
  if they ran fine on their testers , maybe they should take this mishap as a sign that they might need testers that are more closely related to the overall users of their products . 
  what the hell ? 
  i 've seen people with 4690k getting bottlenecks , now you with a xeon . 
  thats fucked up . 
  man i 'm also on the fence about witcher 3 but just like you i have a bunch of games i wan na play ( the 3 bioshocks , borderlands , hitman , the 3 dead spaces , divinity : original sin , dark sould , etc ) so i 'm gon na wait at least until the winter sale cause i know i can play other things until then and then i will think about picking it up or even wait more for the inevitable goty edition . 
  you can play d : os single player yes and i actually do n't know which way is better , the co-op or single player . 
  i guess it depends on the person you are co-oping with . 
  i actually already tried playing it once , got to a point where i had to leave the city and had 3 paths to do it , got royally beat up in every single path and ended up giving up . 
  in the mean time i built my desktop pc and never installed it again , i just have to get some tips and tricks to get me through that bit and then i think ill enjoy the game . 
  the first bioshock i actually have it installed but i decided that being the fps player i am ( hundreds of hours on cs , arma , insurgency , etc etc ) that i would put it on the hardest difficulty . 
  got through a number of stages until eventually i got to a point where i just could n't do it , i was constantly with my hearth on my bloody throat and just got to a point where i had no ammo and kept dying . 
  i have to restart it in a lower difficulty haha, 
  what the fuck, 
  dude careful , talk shit get hit, 
  it 's a 30 year old dude with a 12 year old head that talks shit to 12 year olds to listen to . 
  if thats your thing then you gon na love it , if it 's not then you gon na ignore him like many people do . 
  it 's actually sad because i watched some of his videos on cs and they are factually correct and he does make some good points about 10 % of the time ... the other 90 % is bashing on nip for no reason . 
  this is what they want , drama is the only thing that makes them stay relevant . 
  just call it `` nuke released '', 
   - fixed a problem where earth spirit 's magnetize would sometimes not refresh from stone remnants in hero demo mode .
