yeah , getting some weird artifacts as well . 
  marry her !, 
  i thought my headset was broken in the first 30 seconds of the video - . -, 
  so i got my key a couple days ago and i am just playing normal constructed so far . 
  i still have my first free arena to use but i do n't know when i should go for it . 
  i am kinda trying to play with every single hero to try and understand their cards and what i can do with/against them . 
  can you guys give me any tips on when to start playing arenas ? 
  or at the beggining im just better off spending my gold and buying some packs ? 
  actually i 'm finding it pretty hard to know what to do ( not gameplay related , more like when do i go for my first arena ? 
  what do i craft first ? ), 
  and still struggling finding some good guides or videos that i can whatch about this kind of stuff . 
  i think there could be like a sticky post ( ? 
  not sure if reddit has this xd im not a regular user ) where people like me could ask some of this noobish questions . . 
  i ate an ice cream and its winter because http://1.bp.blogspot.com/-fqsrafh-3ae/ukyobyepy6i/aaaaaaaacfg/pg_xecp3wvg/s1600/5194f368-ae19-40bf-82bd-b47329483422.jpg, 
  that and the shaman 's flametongue totem . 
  it 's crutial to know where to put it . 
  i played some games with it in the beggining and i rarely paid attention to where i placed my minions and i was like 60 % win ratio maybe . 
  when i started playing around with the position of the totems my ratio we n't through the roof simply because the plays were so much deep . 
  are n't the flametongue totems two of the basic 20 cards that you get when you hit lvl 10 ? 
  i 'm asking for some help . 
  i am doing something wrong , that i know but the thing is that it is only against mages . 
  i lose tons of games but i always understand why and try to change the things i think went wrong , but with this class it 's just that i do n't have anything that i can do, 
  yeah i know he has flamestrike turn 7 guaranteed , but there is not much i can do about it . 
  the most i could do was a turn 5 venture co. or a turn 6 lord of the arena and they would still get pinged/sheeped . . 
  it 's just that none of my decks have the steam necessary to deal with a mage : /, 
  and so i watch you from afar - set guitars to kill, 
  it 's still a 3/2 for 2 : p, 
  i did 2 arenas so far . 
  won 1 game out of 6 . 
  it 's just that because i started playing like 2 weeks ago i do n't know every card in the game and most often than not i just draft shitty cards that do not synergize with the class i 'm playing . 
  you point out the card draw , but then again how do i know i need it ? 
  if i have a lot of 1 , 2 or even 3 drops yes i might need it but how much ? 
  it 's just that i ca n't seem to do it right : /, 
  mad bomber !, 
  sure , but if you are going turn 2 and play it , the chances are higher that your opponent has a 1 or 2 health minion on the field and it 's just fun to play with the odds : b, 
  i still do n't get why flamestrike is a 7 cost card . 
  holy nova deals 2 damage to all enemies and 2 health to all friendlies -  it costs 5 mana ;, 
  consecration deals 2 damage to all enemies -  4 mana, 
  so why does a card that deal twice the damage would not cost twice the mana ? 
  seems fair ... 
  yeah now that i think about it you are actually right . 
  i 've been playing hs for 2 weeks maybe so i am pretty noobish but i always go for the 1 mana means 1/1 , 2 mana means 2/2 , etc , and then i pick my cards according to their costs and synergy , but now that i think about it the plain 2 drops are usually 2/3 or 3/2, 
  awesome man , i would have conceded xd, 
  yeah well you got ta think before you play it . 
  it 's kind of a big gamble playing the bomber when you have 1 or more 1hp minons on the board : /, 
  he can simply disenchant it . 
  it 's a pretty amazing pack . 
  arena reward ? 
  it 's just so i can try and understand if buying packs is worth the 50 gold you save from going to an arena , i never said that a pack is n't a pack or whatever random shakespear bullshit you are talking about . 
  it 's not overpowered simply because there is 1 million ways of getting rid of it . 
  in your deck you have the shadow words , rogue has hard removal , warrior has charges , etc etc. 
  it 's just that the berserker in a priest deck has that extra advantage because you usually run some battlecry healing minions and you have your hero ability to heal it as well , combining this with some taunt to protect it and you 'll just piss off some people . 
  i actually fuckin love intension, 
  did you guys just watched him getting mage 'd ? 
  happened to me once with an azure drake the enemy played . 
  he buffed his health , doubled the health then did the `` change it 's attack to equal his defense '' . 
  i played a sap on azure and he disconnected xd, 
  actually , the first time you go to the store to buy a pack the little intro gnome who says `` busy night , but there is always room for another '' ( is he a gnome ? 
  i do n't know xd ) gives you that tip . 
  man i started like that as well . 
  when you start discovering shit like the fibonnacci sequence in lateralus or the 432hz songs and the weird danny carey drum setup to match some mathematical structure that is supposed to get the better sound out of it you will freakin eat your own shoes . 
  boring as hell . 
  i think i would be successful with mages in arenas ( because of the fuckin pyroblast top decks ) but i just find that class to be boring to play . 
  same thing with the priests , it 's just too boring . 
  yesterday a friend of mine pyroblasted himself and the other guy won with 2 health in the end . 
  i think adding the adjacent feature to the blood imps would be enough . 
  about the coin , i read early today in some thread i can 's remember a guy suggesting a mana button instead of the coin , so the person going second would hit the button for an extra mana crystal but would only be able to do it once in the game . 
  that would get rid of the 1 more card and 1 more spell to combo . 
  how many wins did you get in that arena ? 
  yeah i agree , but to guys like me who are/were absolute noobs it is good . 
  he is quite entertaining and he explains basic concepts like card advantage , board advantage and health advantage , he get 's you to understand when you are in the lead and why you are in the lead . 
  obviously he does tons of missplays and since i started watching trump i realized he drafts pretty bad as well xd but hey it 's not that bad , all the hearthstone basics i got from tb and his lord of the arena series : ), 
  i do n't know , thats what i was trying to figure out and appearantly it does not . 
  how is replacing a card for a button not simple ? 
  it 's just something they need to tell in the tutorial . 
  i find it a lot more unintuitive for the coin to be considered as a spell o.o, 
  4-3 , been playing for 3 or 4 weeks lolz, 
  yeah we 've all been there . 
  outplay them so they can top deck a pyroblast . 
  `` oh you could have healed yourself '' , yeah play with any other class and i would like to know what you would do . 
  did you see his last win ? 
  so much skill this gnimsh guy , double pyroblast is really difficult !, 
  i love the force of nature + savage roar . 
  you can then innervate as well and play some 3 cost minion or spell , won many low rank games with that lol, 
  haha i 've played it but was never a guy who enjoy this type of games . 
  i love hearthstone however , but i think i would prefer playing guild wars xd, 
  i enjoyed the fact that you wrote the indication of which one was your hand . 
  sometimes it might get confusing , but not this one !, 
  haha thats probably right xd, 
  well , these were the most unproductive 45 seconds of my life . 
  hungry crab !, 
  it 's probably the best common global 1 drop . 
  it trades beautifully for your opponent 's 2 drops ( most of them ) and grants you some good early advantage . 
  it 's just that since i started playing not long ago there are other cards that i feel are more important to craft over the wi . 
  i find worgen more useful yes . 
  the stealth might get handy even if you play it later in the game . 
  the only card i think beats wi is argent squire : b, 
  no one will take my golem !, 
  this is right . 
  i am nowhere near a good player , my decks suck quite badly , i have few cards and the ones i have are pretty much average/below average and i get to face some good decks sometimes .
