  - what is a freesync and gsync monitor ? 
  what would be the difference to a regular 60hz ips panel monitor ? 
  - in my build i have an i5 4690k and an r9 390 . 
  would you drop the overclock to get a 390x ? 
  is that worth it even if , for now , im only playing on 1080p ? 
  - the 390 and the 290x are about the same price . 
  what would you go for ? 
  - why is the 980 the better card if it only has 4gb of vram ? 
  in fact a couple of cards have between 4 and 8 gb but are much more expensive than a 390 or a 970 . 
  why is it ? 
  thanks . 
   a modular psu has detachable cables , so it is much neater and easier to make it look neat and organized inside . 
  it 's just a matter of preference . 
  hmm ok , it 's that a modular 650w psu is 15 $ more than the non modular one and i was thinking if it was really worth it . 
  maybe it is . 
   the 290x is faster than the 390 . 
  the 390 is similar to a rebranded 290 . 
  so you would suggest the 290x over the 390 ? 
  i 'm inclined to the 390 because it has a better heat output and power consumption according to the reviews . 
   the video ram does n't make cards faster , they just tell you how much memory the cards have . 
  having more video ram than you use does n't increase performance , so decide based on the resolution you want to play at . 
  yeah i want to play at 1080p but im already building a machine that can overclock so i can get it as future proof as possible . 
  i guess the more vram the better ? 
  but thanks , i might have to search about how gpus actually work . 
  i honestly think that an r9 390 is the better choice if you are not thinking about upgrading to 1440p . 
  with the money you have left you can get an ssd and a new psu like people have already suggested . 
  even if you upgrade to 1440p the 8gb of vram the 390 has will probably cut it and if by then you need more performance you can buy another ( even used ) to crossfire if your mobo allows it . 
  hey great build , im about to get the same one for me next week ( except the psu and case ) , i can barely wait !, 
  im still deciding on the case though , every damn day im changing my mind, 
   first , if you have 50 hours in a game this week alone , you might want to reconsider your priorities in life . 
  you know you fucked up when you start your argument with this sentence in a fuckin internet forum which as a matter of fact is called pcmasterrace . 
  other than that i agree that this game will go nowhere , i defended it back in mid 2013 but now it 's just not worth it anymore , they done fucked up . 
  yeah i watched that and it was actually that video that made me change my mind but i wanted to look into other reviews you know ? 
  so i do n't base my purchase in a single opinion . 
  thanks !, 
  i do n't really understand how firestrike works honestly because i would like to compare this to other benchmarks and i just see some numbers there that i have no idea how they are calculated and what they mean . 
  thanks this is exactly what i was looking for . 
  one of the things i noticed is that even though the 390 is supposed to be better at 1440p with it 's 8gb of vram the 970 gets better frame rates than the 390 at that resolution in a lot of games . 
  any reason why ? 
  also do you guys know if anyone is willing to do this benchmarks again with an msi 390 with the new drivers ? 
  the card was released almost 3 weeks ago and there does n't seem to be a lot of benchmarking going on i think ... 
  it is wrong now a days . 
  you can easily prove him wrong just by picking a random pre built pc from a random store and go and get the parts by yourself to websites like newegg . 
   msi r9 390 , i5 4690k, 
  thats the exact setup im about to get !, 
  have you tested with any other games ? 
  how are the temperatures ? 
  and about the power consumption being msi doesnt change a thing right ? 
  thanks !, 
  i just finished reading through that and although i feel very tempted to get the 390 for its performance , the power usage is so freakin high , i dont know how much of a dent would those 120w make at the end of the month on my electricity bill . 
  upvote for riverside . 
  dance with the shadow is orgasmic . 
  dude linda martini ... 
  thank you !, 
  84/85 is a lot honestly but im getting an atx case with 2 fans so hopefully the temps will be lower . 
  the thing is knowing if i should go for the 970 or the 390 but acording to the reviews their temps are about the same so i guess it doesnt matter too much in that area . 
  how much of an impact will i experience in my electricity bill if i go for a 390 instead of a 970 ? 
  the 390 consumes an avarage of 120w more than its nvidia counterpart . 
  how can i calculate how much of a difference in money would that make at the end of the month ? 
  disclaimer : what i know is what ive been reading for the past month about hardware to build my new rig , im by no means an expert . 
  its a bit difficult to predict . 
  the general consensus is that 8gb of vram is way more future proof as games tend to use more vram now and maybe in 2 years the 3.5 from the 970 might not be enough . 
  im with the same dilemma as you , im not sure if i should get the 970 or the 390 but if this helps the 390 is the newer card ( about 3 weeks old ) meaning new drivers might improve its performance by a bigger margin than they would with the 970 . 
  in fact the new 15.7 drivers actually made a 10 % boost in performance with games like tomb raider for example . 
  bottom line of the question is that the only negative to the 390 i can find is that its power consumption is way bigger ( 120w average difference under fully load and 100 more in dual monitors while in idle ! ) . 
  if this doesnt matter to you and the amd card is cheaper or the same price as the nvidia one get the r9 . 
  the 8gb just give you the room to make you feel comfortable in the future if you dont plan on upgrading in a year or two . 
  the msi is arguably the better one actually . 
  i will get it myself probably . 
  however im pretty sure you cant overclock the xeon ( not sure , im on mobile right now so i cant confirm ) so attention to that . 
  the 390 is also a lot more power hungry than the 970 , if you dont have any problem with that you should be fine but i thought you might want to know . 
  oh ok . can you give me the source on those calculations you mentioned ? 
  your comment is basically making me finally decide to pull the triger on the 390 . 
  yeah but since you have a k processor i suppose you are gon na overclock . 
  when you do that you will need more powet so i would say that a 600 or 650w psu would be the better choice if you are going with the amd card, 
  / r/upvotebecauseass, 
  bf4 is a great game now with great support . 
  sure that launch was one of the worst ive seen in the industry but still you can get it now for 30 $ with premium and i think its totally worth it . 
  so you change gpus every month ? 
  acording to the reviews though in terms of temperature both cards are neck a neck , with the r9 being 3-6 degrees hotter . 
  i dont think that will make that much of a difference although im in a mediterranean climate . 
  holy shit i have this exact problem with my laptop but i 've always thought it was a performance issue . 
  i have an i7-3610qm and a gt630m with 6gb of ram . 
  the thing is it only happens in cs go , or at least i can only notice it in that game . 
  is your friend doing heavy rendering or editing work ? 
  if not and this is just for gaming it doesnt make sense to have a cpu almost twice as expensive as the gpu , should be the other way around . 
  check the builds other people have been suggesting, 
  drop the 4690k and get a 4460 instead . 
  get an h97 mobo to go with it like the h97 pc mate or the pro4 if you are willing to give a bit more . 
  you dont really need 1866mhz on the ram , 1600 will do just fine so you can save a couple bucks there as well . 
  i dont know what your budget is but you are still missing a psu and a case . 
  with money you saved from the changes above i would advise you to get either a better gpu ( gtx 970 or r9 390 ) or get an ssd and change that 960 to a r9 380 . 
  well if you are sure all the games you play will be cpu intensive ( like arma and simulators ) then yeah getting the 4690k might be the better option although for gaming in general you usually invest a bit more on the gpu rather than in the cpu . 
  i was on the same boat as you a few weeks ago and i almost pulled the triger on the 960 but the 970 and the r9 390 are so much better performance wise , they will last much longer . 
  i think you should just check some benchmarks if you havent already and check if the different i5 cpus will make that much of a difference in those cpu intensive games . 
  you should be fine, 
  god i love the nzxt cases but they are so damn expensive here , i ca n't afford a 130 $ case : /, 
  i would choose the r9 390 over the 970 but it 's preference honestly , those 8gb of vram might never be used but they ensure a bit of longevity . 
  other than that it looks pretty good , go for it . 
  hey thats a good rig !,
