  the free week hero rotation has indeed a slot that is only unlocked once you are level 15 . 
  the free to play model is just straight out worse than its dota counter part , there is just no argument to have in that regard i believe , but saying that it is an `` endless grind '' is indeed excessive although it does take a shit load of time to earn 10k gold to buy some heroes once you get to a certain level . 
  i just wanted to also give a bit of insight on the map balance thing . 
  i dont think i have played enough to actually make a point on wheather or not all maps are balanced but the fact that the maps are horizontal makes for a simple balance in objectives . 
  however disregarding the reviewer opinion because other mobas will usually only have 1 or 2 maps does n't make sense because that single map got a shit ton of tiny changes made to it throughout the years to make it perfectly balanced . 
  but overall i completly agree with you , a lot of the things he said are outright lies and the fact that he reviewed a game knowing his bias is honestly shameful . 
  trying my luck so i can play this on my new build once i finally make it . 
  thank you !, 
  every single pulse version of their songs is orgasmic . 
  the best one for me is shine on you crazy diamond that actually does n't change that much in the solo bit but god damn is it beautiful , i think it 's actually my all time favourite song . 
  great cover nonetheless , i really enjoyed it !, 
  keep it up . 
  just a quick question : is it worth getting a 2400mhz ram ? 
  as i understand i would have to oc the motherboard to actually make it run at that rate . 
  other thing : am i better off with an h97 or a z97 if im thinking about upgrading in around 3/4 years ? 
  thanks !, 
  why not ? 
  death prophet : ocarina of time, 
  good luck getting to his neck . 
  i know im a bit late to the thread but i have to share my all time favourite 3 song series in an album :, 
  porcupine tree - the incident, 
  1 ) great expectations, 
  2 ) kneel and disconnect, 
  3 ) drawing the line, 
  [ opeth - ghost of perdition ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mdbykpsxsse ), 
  [ tool - reflection ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ja3lgfy1i0o ), 
  [ stoned jesus - i 'm the mountain ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ccaina1neze ), 
  that 's how this sub works honestly . 
  everytime someone tries to post a different opinion , even justifying it , gets downvoted . 
  and do n't come with the `` thats the whole reddit , fixed that for you '' bullshit , i see a lot of subreddits where this just does n't happen . 
  that sounds fun, 
  i could honestly put everything from opeth that is 7 + minutes in there . 
  i just love those guys . 
  everyone should . 
  op is the reason you can play this game for free so we should be thanking him . 
  i never heard of them , i 'm gon na listen to some of their songs now , thanks !, 
  it 's for sure more technical than opeth and i kinda enjoy more of a melodic sound , but this , as a guitar player specially , is really good , love the work done with the instruments and i really fucking like the voice in earthborn evolution !, 
  thanks for showing me this !, 
  `` lan parties are dead '' is not debatable , it 's plain wrong, 
  `` few and far between '' =\\ = dead, 
  how do people feel about just go living to another country ? 
  i understand that all of your life is in your home country but if you think it will just go to shit why not start over somewhere else ? 
  it is difficult i know , it will cost a lot of money and it would require a lot of planning but whatis the overall greek opinion on it do you know ? 
  chef knorr, 
  i 'm about to get a 970 and i already feel outdated : (, 
  can i ask something that might sound really stupid ? 
  why is n't the map literally symmetric and then you put rosh pit either on top or bot lane where the river reaches the limit of the map ? 
  would n't that make it so that neither sides have any advantage at all ? 
  i actually did that !, 
  i bought the game literally to support the way the game was being developed , how devs were listening to the community and the huge modding support that they were giving it . 
  i thought that if i threw 30 $ at a game with all those features maybe other companies would start to understand that this is what we want from games , quality support and quality development . 
  i only have about 10 hours in the game because although i really enjoy it im not really a sim guy and most of the time im playing shooters or dota anyway . 
  can i just ask something ? 
  where are you finding those cards for that price ? 
  here in portugal the minimum i can get a 970 for is 380 $ !, 
  hey guys do you think it 's a good idea for me to build my own pc ? 
  i can ask for the store where im getting the parts from to assemble it for 15 $ more , but i really wanted to do it myself because i think it would be an amazing experience but im so afraid of ruining some component and throwing 200 $ away : /, 
  oh i know and even if i wanted a 980 i simply ca n't afford it , it 's already kind of a stretch to get a 970 but i think it 's really worth it given the games i want to play with it and the fact that i might only upgrade my build in 3 or 4 years . 
  i just do n't know if it is a good idea to get a used one . 
  do you have experience with buying used gpu 's ? 
  what, 
  should i go for an overclockable build ? 
  i was thinking about getting an i5 4590 + gtx970 but i found out that if i put an i5 4690k and a mobo z97 the build will only cost me 50 $ more . 
  would you guys recommend it for someone who knows nothing about ocing ? 
  in case i go for the k cpu will i immediatly need to buy an aftermarket cooler ? 
  or will i just need to do it once i decide to overclock it ? 
  thanks !, 
  the thing is i do n't know if i will need or want to do it in the future or not , thats my main question , i do n't really understand how people know if and why they will do it or not . 
  and about the stock cooler , even if i get the 4690k as long as i do n't overclock that cooler will do just fine right ? 
  only further down the line when i think about ocing is when i will need an aftermarket one right ? 
  thanks for the help, 
  i do n't really play top of the line games , it 's really rare for me to get a game as soon as it comes out . 
  i am a patient gamer and will usually wait for big sales to get my hands on some of the games i want . 
  only now i got bioshock infinite , as an example . 
  the thing is just that i thought that further down the line , by investing in an overclockable cpu , i might get to boost the performance whereas with a normal cpu i would be limited by it . 
  do you think it makes sense to go for one even if for the first maybe 2 years i wo n't do any overclock at all ? 
  it 's a 40 $ difference for getting the k version . 
  honestly i do n't think there is anything i can spend 40 $ on that will make the build instantly better . 
  you can only overclock your cpu in a z chip motherboard . 
  the h 's wo n't allow you to do it . 
  if you are thinking about getting an overclockable cpu you need to go for something like the z97 or higher . 
  if you instead choose to get a non overclockable cpu an h97 should do just fine . 
  hey would you advise getting a 4690k and to only get the cooler when i decide to overclock it ? 
  because i do n't think i will do it for at least the first year ... 
  yeah i just did n't know if i could get a 4690k running with the stock cooler if i was not ocing . 
  dota 2 is my favourite anime . 
  well yeah but usually bs will be in a team with at least one hero with a reliable stun or at least thats what has been happening to me lately . 
  but you are right , i guess i have to try and tp away . 
  how about laning against him ? 
  any tips ? 
  thanks , gon na read it !, 
  what would be a good mobo that would support sli in the future ? 
  yeah but i live in europe , im prety sure i wont be able to get that board for less than 150-200 $, 
  thanks , ill look into that the next weekend when i finally go off to get all the parts for my pc, 
  so 390 or 970 for 1080p gaming with an i5 4690k and a 550w psu ? 
  im also thinking about getting the i5 4690k for overclocking further down the road but you got your cpu cooler immediatly . 
  why was that ? 
  i was thinking about only go out and buy a cooler when i think about ocing or should i get it when i buy the cpu ? 
  oh sorry about that . 
  the 970 oc is going for 380 $ and the 390 is about 400,
