  8086 , thanks op !, 
  i tried it with a r9 390 and i got a message saying that my hardware did not support obs . 
  plays.tv does n't work either for some weird error . 
  honestly i went with team red this time because de 390 is ahead of the 970 but the software is just not good . 
  tried installing the 15.7 drivers through the catalyst center and it gave me an error . 
  had to install gaming evolved which is always saying that my games are n't optimized . 
  then you have raptr , gaming evolved , plays.tv , catalyst center ... why ca n't they just merge everything into one piece of software ? 
  dear god . 
  the card is great though , it chews everything i throw at it , but the user experience has been bad , im not gon na lie . 
  via se a emiss\u00e3o fosse como a do tour . 
  can anyone actually explain to me how the group stages work ? 
  i still do n't really understand what advantages the winning teams have . 
  well to be fair who the hell is gon na ask apple if their computers are better than a custom made build ? 
  of course they are gon na say that they are better even though they are lying . 
  they did . 
  the early game was well played even though they got behind on kills , but arteezy farming the triple and quadruple stacks that kuro made just threw the early game top lane dominance established by the razor . 
  kuro has been a beast today , mvp imo even though is arteezy taking the kills . 
  not only the anti-mage but also the blink farmed by s4 on puck , that alone got them on or two surprise kills early on , one of them on the storm which was extremely important . 
  it 's those little things that make dota such an amazing game , it 's so much about strategy at this high level , i love it . 
  yeah , i plan on doing that . 
  if i run out of shit to play im just gon na start noodling around with some chords . 
  i know basic chord progressions and i know the pentatonic and major/minor scales , but i dont really feel confortable improvising over most of the modes . 
  yeah , i guess thats what they want ... keep it slow , play known hits and improvise a bit on them if i feel comfortable with it , got it . 
  thank you so much for your input , i was kinda freaking out honestly . 
  do you think i should be going with a list of songs already arranged ? 
  or would my ipod be enough just for me to look for songs to play ? 
  i guess i just have to enjoy myself as if i were playing to my friends ... 
  it 's just that i 've never been in a situation like this , i hate to do things unplanned , but i think if i follow the advises you guys are giving to me i will be fine . 
  thanks for the help !, 
  i have that exact build , same cpu , gpu and mobo . 
  i just regret the case i purchased , it 's utter shit . 
  this is brilliant !, 
  i remember when i was a kid my mom painted some pokemons in some of my white t shirts , i had one with jigglypuff and one with ratata haha, 
  now all she says is that im a really religious dude because whenever im playing she will hear me scream `` oh my god '' countless times . 
  that means more vram will be needed right ? 
  wtf merlini used manta + refresher pogchamp, 
  lmao thats actually only 5 merlinis , whatever , fuck math, 
  i do n't even know math , how would i know that, 
  oh so what is the vram for ? 
  is it just for processing the textures ? 
  you might be completly wrong but isnt that the beauty of music ? 
  you have your own interpretation of it and it makes you feel good about it . 
  to me the best song lyrics are the ones that allow each one to read in different ways , it makes them unique to you and thats amazing, 
  thats exactly my build lol the card is amazing , i have the msi gaming version and it does run a bit hot , it went up to 85\u00ba once while running battlefield on ultra for about an hour . 
  it should be fine ate those temps though and its summer here and my case is honestly quite shitty ( dont ever get a zalman case ) , so there is that too . 
  on idle the card runs at a whopping 60\u00ba if you do n't create a fan curve on msi afterburner or something like that . 
  msi did it to prolong the lifetime of the cooler . 
  yes , my favourite as well , but i also really like the one in money . 
  he never left, 
  what do you mean , i can only see one pixel, 
  you dropped this . 
  well my msi 390 stays on idle at around 60\u00ba celsius and goes up to 85\u00ba on full load while playing battlefield for over an hour . 
  i never ran the kombustor program , but those are also my temps . 
  i think it 's normal , i remember asking here as well back then , but it still worries me that the xfx model runs on full load at ~ 75\u00ba ... 
  this is some textbook 322 by silent . 
  my msi 390 gets to 85\u00ba on full load : /, 
  literally, 
  were you the one who ddosed the stream to get people to read this thread and get you toilet paper ? 
  i did n't do anything , it 's factory clocked . 
  ** energias : ** detesto esta \u00e1rea . 
  is anyone else having trouble loading the stream from the dota website ? 
  i can read the chat but the stream wo n't load since i logged in with steam ... 
  that 's what hosting is . 
  or do you think he would just be like `` hey waga , your turn . 
  ok , time is up , winter now you '' ? 
  he has to get the conversation going , thats the whole fuckin point . 
  how is he gon na do that if he `` ca n't '' ( according to you ) point out events that happened in any given game ? 
  he was not insulting anybody , thats british humour for you . 
  a lot of people get easily offended by it , just chill out and take it as it is , a joke , nothing more . 
  you ca n't really get a conclusion out of reddit comments , if i had to pay one cent for every dumb comment i read in here i would have the same debt as greece . 
  such a hard time to be a secret fangay now : (, 
  yeah , but it 's still so sad : (, 
  well i did my part and contributed to the sales in july so there 's that ... 
  dumb question but did you plug your hdmi cable from your monitor to the graphics card ? 
  if yes , are you sure windows is not using the intel integrated graphics card ? 
  a friend of mine had that problem a while ago . 
  yes , i have 2 and the corsair water cooler that takes the space of the third one . 
  virtus throw living up to it 's name, 
  you do n't call it when you have an ember . 
  you dont give a shit but i want to watch good dota , im not here to fanboy the shit out of the teams . 
  you do n't give up with an ember going into late game , specially when it is a decisive game that will wither push you through the next ti phase , or kick you out . 
  how hard is it to you to understand that teams do n't give up on the opportunity to advance through to the next stage ? 
  you do n't fuckin call gg when you are down 10-1 with an ember spirit going into the late game when it is a decisive match , you just do n't . 
  col could have turned that around if it was n't for swindle 's euls getting snagged . 
  i 'm pretty sure that with that euls they could have had a chance at turning the game around , as it was going pretty late and storm could jump more agressively with the item , maybe allowing to some pickoffs or even good teamfights turning their way . 
  pretty unfortunate for them , but thats the luck of the game i guess . 
  what a boring game and the sad part is that i 've seen this before , it ends up with ig winning after that am gets farmed beyond belief . 
  they ca n't . 
  i just hope that it does n't affect them that much in the next game like it did yesterday . 
  i 'll be honest and say i was expecting secret to tilt and lose the second game . 
  glad that they bounced back and we will have even more dota !, 
  fangays unite, 
  [ gmt - pc ], 
  just looking for an european group to play with , maybe if any of you use teamspeak or something , i got the game the day before yesterday and i think it would be a lot more fun with a squad to play with !, 
  as a mainly support player , watching fy playing rubbick is like watching a beautiful dance . 
  what he does with that hero is amazing . 
  im betting in some scrambled eggs . 
  how did fy just solo 'd the enemy mid ? 
  i 'm so divided right now . 
  i want secret to perform because of s4 and kuro but i want vp to also go through , they 've been amazing so far and i would also love them to succeed .
