  that card does something crazy . 
  and after he reports him how what will they do ? 
  can they prove that the guy was running a bot ? 
  yeah i know , but i do n't think my pc can handle it : / i play the mod with everything on low and some friends of mine who have the sa told me that it requires a bit more power, 
  please before choosing any of those games , keep in mind that they are in early access . 
  in fact you can read in the dayz 's steam store page that you are buying an unfinnished product for the sake of helping the devs with your feedback . 
  do n't choose one over another because they are `` buggy '' cause that is kind of the rule in an early alpha game . 
  with that said i can tell you that i have only played dayz and i enjoy it a lot . 
  i feel like rust is slightly more fast paced and it does have the crafting system going for it , which i still do n't know if dayz will have later ( probably will just like in the mod ) . 
  if you like crafting and getting your own base settled and shit like that then i would advise rust . 
  if you are more into a more reallistic zombie survival game that pumps your heart to 120bpm every time you see another player , then dayz is for you . 
  yeah , been playing for over a month and i still get confused when silencing a damaged minion that has been buffed because i do n't know what it 's health will be . 
  what did eu do to you blizzard ? 
  why ? 
  who is hiding ? 
  i would like to see a mechanic that allowed you to break from freezing when a fire effect is played . 
  e.g : you have your minion freezed by cone of cold and the mage pings it with the fireball --  fire melts the ice so it would go back to it 's original status . 
  the same thing would happen with the wild pyromancer effect and maybe cards like the 5/1 for 3 that no one runs would prevent freezing to adjacent minions , at least it would have some use . 
  a guy in other thread said that you could download battlenet from the us website and then change the region to eu and it would work . 
  have n't tried yet . 
  eu or us ? 
  yap , is working now for me but was n't 20 min ago . 
  is n't this the guy who does n't stream when trump or kripp are online because they `` steal '' his views ? 
  yeah i find druid to be one of the best classes to get you going early in the game . 
  if you later get the starfall , i would advise replacing at least one starfire for it , i find that 2 in one deck is overkill . 
  yeah i once healed my opponent even though i had lethal on the board just to deal an extra 7 or 8 damage to complete que 100 damage to heroes quest in that game so i could end my day there . 
  if somone did that to me i would be pissed , but it was not a `` bad manner '' intended action : /, 
  not sure if it dilutes the player pool . 
  a lot of people have already requested and agreed with this idea , i can only imagine how many more players are there to come who will agree with it as well . 
  if a lot of players like it there will probably more players playing the game thanks to it and the player pool would still be kind of the same as it is right now . 
  ranked games should not be given this blitz option though . 
  there are two possible outcomes : it hits the player or it hits the minion . 
  you only want one of them so it is 1/2 = 0.5 . 
  8 times because it happens 8 times : ), 
  how to transfer your `` skill '' from mage to other classes : draft flamestrike . 
  thats what i meant with 8 times ( 0.5 ^ 8 ) but i did n't know how to say it properly in english : s, 
  no , i think it 's hearthstone . 
  related to the graphics section of the ama , what does that exactly mean ? 
  for a guy like me with a kind of shitty notebook that runs arma 2 in minimum setting at about 30 fps outside of cherno what does it mean ? 
  will the game eventually run in this pc ? 
  other question : what does he mean with `` global economy '' ? 
  will there be currency like there is in epoch ? 
  yap , totally . 
  but thats also up to the players to find out what works best agains the average decks they are playing against , i think some brains are needed to play this game , just copying a deck and wait for profit seems kinda pointless , takes away half the game 's fun . 
  taunt op , blizzard please nerf . 
  if the us were over this side of the atlantic ocean ... : (, 
  i tried dayz sa for the first time yesterday after a lot of hours in the mod . 
  spawned near solnichnyi , made my way up to berezino and on the way 2 guys just started running after me trying to punch me . 
  mocked them for a while and then just gave up . 
  they knocked me out . 
  people really pay 20 bucks to help develop a game and this is the only thing they do ? 
  are they really this stupid ? 
  what i find sad about this is that a guy spent his time putting together a deck that he found to be very effective overall and now people just copy it and profit . 
  i hate that this happens because i think people are missing out on the fun of creating and experimenting with the deck , tweaking it and that kind of shit but instead everyone goes the easy way : /, 
  mulligan fact number one : whatever you mulligan , you will get the same amount of cards at the same mana cost or higher . 
  my problem with 1st person is that every time i look around the surroundings just turn into this blured weird environment . 
  not sure if there is a way to fix that , because in streams people can actually move their heads without this happening . 
  upvote because boobs, 
  watch trump 's streams . 
  he is a beast in arena and you will probably learn a lot by watching him drafting and playing, 
  more like ttk : two turn kill . 
  but yeah , its quite nasty 28 dmg in one turn, 
  yeah , i do n't know why you are being downvoted , watching him helps a lot indeed . 
  the problem is that just because you draft like him , does n't mean you can play like him . 
  most of the arena posts i see in this subreddit are usually from people concerned about how to draft , but i would risk saying that the arena is 40 % draft and 60 % player knowledge of the game . 
  what you guys really need to get from trump are those turns where he is going down to the wire thinking about what he will do . 
  those turns win him games and if you learn from that you will win as well . 
  meanwhile in my mage draft : 0 flamestrikes , 0 fireballs , 0 polly , 0 pyro , 0 everything mage related . 
  yeah but thats if you draft some good minions ( aka knife jugler , shattered , watar elemental , etc ) . 
  i have grizzly bears and bodyguards , im surprised that i got 2 wins xd, 
  his laugh in the end is fuckin epic xd, 
  it is is n't it ? 
  i 'm trying to log in and i ca n't , but 2 of my friends are playing and everything is fine ... 
  i got a shitty druid draft and ysera won me 5 games . 
  i guess you can easily go 12, 
  that mana curve is what all of his opponents will get : a big middle finger . 
  same thing happened to me the previous arena run . 
  also a druid and my only class specific cards were druid of the claw and the keeper guy . 
  still managed to pull out a 5-3 , which is probably the average for me . 
  well , fuck me !, 
  well the point of hearthstone is to be casual friendly , so in other words you win some , you lose some . 
  blizzard came up with the coin idea to give the 2nd player a slight buff cause otherwise the first player would always be the tempo keeper and according to some articles thats the right thing to do because as about now the win/loss ratio if you are going first or second is approximatly 50 % , therefore i think the currently implemented system is achieving it 's goal , no need to add cards or remove them . 
  i remember writing sort of an article for a biology class in which i talked about a living creature ( unfortunatly i cant remember it 's name , ill edit if i do ) that was actually capable of surviving for 7 days out there . 
  it would activate a mechanism similar to a coma to do so . 
  it 's [ this guy ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/tardigrade ) . 
  the only thing here that confuses me is how the hell he maneged to go 3-3 with 4 flamestrikes . 
  yeah since the patch was released he has been saying that defender of argus is now an overrated card . 
  honestly i do n't get why , since you play it for the battlecry and never for it 's stats . 
  i think i would still play it if it were a 1/1 for 3 mana with the same battlecry ... 
  yap , although that would counter heavily that warrior card that gives rush that has already been nerfed to the ground : /, 
  there could also be a poisonous spider , that would kill whatever it touches , much like emperor cobra . 
  at first i would allow them to kill me . 
  but now , about 60-70 % of the players will just start spamming cards and using the threat emote or the thank you , just being overall douches . 
  so if im going to lose for sure , ill just concede . 
  indeed but that has always been the case , the new patch just took away 1 attack , the situations are still the same . 
  but i do get that with 3 damage it could maybe kill a 3 drop and now it is not the case anymore . 
  this should be error number 1 : i ca n't log the fuck in !, 
  who the hell is pasterino ? 
  that moment when both of you just hold there for a second and then realize what happened and the thank you from the other guy ... 
  i just laughed my ass off xd,
