  i cant come up to a friend and say `` hey how about we spend 60 bucks on this game to play together '' and he is gon na give me the middle finger and point back to the first argument i made in this comment . 
  it 's not that it is a bad game , it is not , i loved the free weekend , im constantly watching videos about it and streams , but it 's so hard to justify 60 $ for something with all the alternatives out there ... 
  i also got into that game around the time that ninja dude came out , the one who was invisible with a catana and killed literally everyone , it was frustrating as shit . 
  that and the rampant cheating got me to never play the game again . 
  i might give it a try now that biscuits included it in the video as i assume things might be better . 
  i mean were n't the minimum specs for vr an r9 390/gtx 970 and an i5 ? 
  they write the article as if they were surprised by the fact that the ps4 is not that powerful . 
  yeah i guess you are right , i saw those specs on oculus or vive . 
  but if the psvr is weaker than oculus or vive then is sony going to be releasing exclusive games only to their vr platform ? 
  cause i believe that other games prepared to run on the pc hardware would n't run on consoles by the looks of it . 
  seriously , watch this shit . 
  his face when he comes back up has to be one of the funniest shits i 've seen the past 6 months, 
  there is a minimum at which it needs to run so you do n't feel motion sickness . 
  thats what i remember reading about back when vive/oculus were announced . 
  i 'm pretty fuckin sure i 've heard this voice before . 
  i 'm going through my head trying to remember where it was from . 
  can i ask how did you guys got the initial code and how did you manage to find out it was on the hitman page that it would work ? 
  but this was uploaded the 25th of december , i read that somewhere . 
  so tomorrow would have been the 26th . 
  unless tomorrow is actually a clue . 
  what bar code ? 
  i 'm sorry , i saw this on / r/games and im seeing everything for the first time but i love puzzles like this !, 
  what did they do to remove that bit and show that ? 
  i 'm sorry if it 's a stupid question . 
  at 0:03 you hear a bass knock on the background . 
  after he says `` i could feel it '' and immediatly before he says the next sentence im pretty sure there is a female voice playing in the background . 
  does anyone have on of those programs that can separate audio files in sections and analyse it from there ? 
  are you sure it 's him ? 
  how did you know ? 
  yeah i 've tried that already haha i searched something and that game popped up . 
  i tried all the passwords of all the clues i knew from the mindmeister thing and nothing worked . 
  i 'm pretty sure the next clue is on the undertale game page . 
  oh yeah for sure !, 
  maybe i even missed some clue or something or it might even be related to a clue we dont know of yet . 
  it 's exciting yeah but i would actually not be really hopeful about this , i think it 's too much of an hassle for a clue to a simple game , not sure anyone if valve would do that . 
  still , if someone can separate it from the file it would be awesome !, 
  it works for every game or every url that has the / app/blablabla, 
  page 6 of the comic . 
  the password to enter twinkles club is `` hot toddies and maseratis '' . 
  can anyone tell me what those trade cards are ? 
  like where do you get them or how can i see them ? 
  yup , another guy in another thread said the same thing , i think its him . 
  i dont think it matters that much though : /, 
  its really difficult to hear . 
  if you are using phones crank up the volume to the max and pay close attention . 
  im not even sure if its a female voice , its a high pitched sound that gets quickly overlapped by the dude talking . 
  bit i wouldnt get my hopes up , i doubt they would put a clue so deep in an audio file that you needed to have a program to decode it . 
  i 'm honestly not getting hyped to what it might or not be , i 'm hyped because i love shit like this , puzzles and charades , it 's very cool . 
  i 'm doing it for the fun of actually participating and trying to find new clues , i 'm not here for what i might or may not receive in the end and i think you people should do the same and not generate hype around nothing . 
  it just seems like someone ripped off a band-aid out of the corner of the pic . 
  it 's probably nothing . 
  it was nothing related to any new clue ? 
  so this could have been found from the very beggining ? 
  i think the first . wav file got dismissed as everyone thinks it was just something to prove us that we were right about the arg existance . 
  the letters on the door and on the bottle from page 2 also disappeared !, 
  on the door said gingerbread i believe and on the bottle it was nut meg, 
  i think you are absolutly right . 
  they also removed a lot of things from the map in page 5 . 
  now the only thing you can see are the images and you can read the rooty roots post-it thing . 
  this must be nothing . 
  i had noticed this before and said it on discord !, 
  a couple of us investigated further but with no luck . 
  i like this theory the thing is what game should we look into ? 
  we have n't actually made any progress at all since we found the hitman . wav . 
  the thing that led us to the red harring badge is supposed to be a decoy , something to throw us away so that ca n't count as progress on the real arg . 
  it 's actually kinda sad . 
   the forgotten road leads to hindrance and recompense . 
  indeed . 
  so assuming it is on undertale 's page , the next password would be linked to card 2 artwork ? 
  it 's literally the only thing left that is likely to be a known clue . 
  i thought about this a couple of days ago and i got to the same conclusion as you . 
  in fact , a couple of people over at discord even went on the car lead and tried to find something , but with no success . 
  i believe it is the car and i like this approach though !, 
  time is data ? 
  so maybe the time at which the comic was released could be put as one of those unix codes for time or something . 
  i do n't really know , just throwing it out there . 
  you people hype yourselves . 
  valve only has to do a slightly misterious thing and everyone is all over the place `` oh mah goohd it 's half life 3 !!! 11 !!, 
  ! 11 '' and when it 's not you get sad and `` lose respect for valve '' . 
  i do n't understand . 
  i hate it that the only thing that is actually breaking this arg is bruteforcing . 
  but i guess thats what we get when the arg is random as fuck, 
  what i understood about this arg is that if you guys eventually study engineering you are gon na jizz your pants every damn minute cause there sure are a shit ton of lambdas over here . 
  and what would the frontpage of this subreddit be ? 
  wait a minute . 
  battlefront was beautiful in scenarios , graphics , had an amazing sound and the shooting mechanics were actually pretty cool . 
  it really lacked depth though , it was fun for a couple hours and then it was always the same . 
  you basically had to spend another 60 bucks to get the expansions that added a little more variety but it would still be lackluster in terms of gameplay and skill ceiling . 
  elite : dangerous was amazing graphically and the gameplay was also good until a couple hours in when you basically found out everything to do in that game and it became a bland mix of fighting and gathering resources ( or so i read ) . 
  so it is cool to look at but lacks depth that is only added by buying a 60 bucks expansion . 
  one gets top 2 on the best games and the other gets the top 5 on the worst games . 
  what ? 
   htc has no means to take a loss and have to sell it at profit . 
  i honestly thought that this was why they partnered with steam . 
  edit : i meant valve , obviously . 
  there is always this one dude ... 
  i 'm pretty sure valve did that so they have a place to produce the product and also because htc was good ( from what i read ) with smartphones and also a bit of the technology that goes into vr . 
  the thing is i believe valve do not have shareholders so they do n't have to worry about investors getting mad at selling the product for lower than it 's assembling price and i 'm also pretty sure they have the money to do it if they want to . 
  i believe that based on this and the fact that i know absolutely jack shit about business that the vive will be the same price maximum . 
  yeah , people got too excited over nothing , it was kinda expected .
