  poor sniff mc sniff sniff : (, 
  it 's not about him making calls , it 's the way he makes them . 
  there is a polite way of doing it and there is an aggressive and not so nice way of doing it and guess in which category ee falls into . 
  if i played with him i would mute him , even though i know for a fact that what he is doing is leading the team the right way . 
  i just ca n't put up with all the screaming , it makes it feel like a mess and you do n't want to be getting screamed at in the middle of a fight or a key moment when you need to concentrate which seems like he does , a lot . 
  so does the other team . 
  i do n't understand what the problem in that is . 
  you can teach people with worse mmr than you and they can learn from you . 
  you do n't need to do your all hero challenge right now . 
  honestly , with 25 games played i would say it 's a bad idea imo . 
  play more games , watch some streamers and videos so you can understand the roles and capabilities of some heroes . 
  earth spirit is a good offlaner like it has been said , but in your ( and mine ) mmr , offlane is something that doesnt exist , you will mostly be playing dual lanes and at that point if you dont have a grasp of the hero , things might turn sour . 
  i play earth spirit as a roammer because he is great at it and at lower mmrs roamming can go a long way towards winning lanes and thus winning games . 
  if you really want to go for it play some bot games first with the hero . 
  one really good thing is to enable quickcast so you only need to click once to cast the spells cause that way you can land your combos with more reliability . 
  start your lobby , go mid and just practice . 
  this just started happening to me after todays update . 
  any word on a solution yet ? 
  do you think it is worth it to send a ticket to valve reporting the problem ? 
  i mean if enough people do it they might do something about it ... 
  i didnt understand the tiny pick with one ban left for 4asc . 
  so the good old source 2 will solve everything ? 
  i do n't know man , maybe if we pressure them enough somebody will look into it . 
  right now the game is unplayable and i really mean unplayable like i wont even play a game because i know half of the time i will be rubber banding like crazy even though i have 70 ping . 
  dude you mentioned it ... 
  oh league of legends . 
  the game created by a member of the dota team that left the project because he didnt enjoy , among other things , global ultimates . 
  i played a game of lol with a friend of mine a couple of days ago and took 2000 damage from a global ult . 
  habits ? 
  this was 2 years ago, 
  im sorry , im a trench player and i do n't have controll groups set up yet but im having this stutter problem constantly . 
  how can i create a controll group to be able to center the camera on my hero without haveing the stupid stutter ? 
  i dont know , i was at base and had 2600 and something hp . 
  global ult hits and im at 600 and something hp , running to fountain . 
  but still i just found it ironic that he left the dota team because of global ults and then i get hit by one . 
  thats exactly what im lacking right now . 
  i can often make kills happen and get early advantage but it always ends up in the good old 5v5 mid . 
  the game i just played as lion is an exemple of that , it went for over 40 minutes when we had a 18 kill advantage at one point . 
  it just seems that even though i get things going , we end up not taking any objectives . 
  if im a support , i cant go alone on a tower , i need my carries to hit it while i stay in the back trying to stun or disable anyone who comes , if im a carry i cant go alone either because i need my supports there in case i need to get bailed out . 
  it 's this catch 33 that im always in because people often take a kill or 2 and go to other lanes . 
  do you remember having to go through this ? 
  what did you do back then to get things going ? 
  even if i ping objectives people often seem to scared to go on them . 
  why not support earth spirit ? 
  do you think its not viable ? 
  i got a game where a support vengeful spirit went aghs first . 
  she was partied with a chaos knight who went diffusal blade first . 
  i then got flamed for buying blink dagger on lion , they actually called it `` new meta '' . 
  after that game i seriously considered if i should keep playing dota solo q. 
  i think the best way to start is with monocromatic scales . 
  thats what will get them going but its for sure not the most fun way to do it . 
  i guess introducing them to easy 2 or 3 open chords songs might also do the trick . 
  my cousin is in a volunteer project that is now teaching some kids playing the guitar and this is the way they are doing it . 
  i would however wait for someone more experienced in the matter to give you their opinion , but these are my 2 cents , hope it helps . 
  like a lot of people have been saying for some weird ass reason you have n't actually visited a doctor in an hospital , a neurologist more precisely . 
  my grandmother used to have the exact symptoms you are describing . 
  she would have days that she could n't move at all and at that point diziness started to appear too . 
  she went to a neurologist that quickly found a deslocated vertebra and she went through surgery ( im not gon na say it was small , it was actually big but it had a really high success rate ) and now she is good as new . 
  not trying to say that it is the same sitiuation , it could even be something easier to fix , but if you really care about your health and really want to do something you should visit a neurologist . 
  on a semi-unrelated note does anyone know if there is a gdc stream ? 
  is there a stream ? 
  i 've searched the gamasutra website but nothing shows up ... 
  i 've been following the news on this website :, 
  i know im a bit late to the topic but i found this while i was searching the web, 
  sorry man . 
  could you eli5 why does it not have a gearbox ? 
  like i honestly do n't even know if i understand how a gearbox works , but i thought it was essentially turning the movement from the pistons into movement of the wheels . 
  how does this car get away with not having that ? 
  sorry if i said anything really stupid , i 'm really that bad at understanding cars but i freakin love them . 
  i really do n't seem do understand this concept . 
  imagine that the car has it 's batteries empty . 
  it wo n't work ? 
  or when i need to move things to/out of the courier . 
  or when i need to drop my tranquils on the ground to clear the jungle camp and then pick em back up . 
  or when i drop my arcanes on the ground to use my stick charges ... jk im a 2k scrub , i never remember to do that . 
  how did we do it if it has n't happened yet ? 
  wait trackmania is still active on esports ? 
  i 'm fine with your way of thinking but do you actually believe that ? 
  you 've seen pro 's cheating in online and lan tournments getting banned , you 've seen pro 's getting banned for throwing matches for skins , you 've seen pro 's using map exploits that were blatantly overpowered to try and win tournments . 
  do you actually think that they would not use p90 because they do n't want to get an undeserved advantage ? 
  he once did communicate . 
  the community eventually became a shittalking fest and he righfully stopped communicating . 
  it 's only our fault that it happened and if i had to guess i would say icefrog 's biggest letdown on dota is probably the way the community is . 
  there is literally no game where i do n't get called/see someone get called a piece of shit or cancer . 
  it 's not just sometimes , it 's actually most of the times . 
  if people watched their replays they would notice so much dumb shit they do it 's not even funny . 
  ok it took me a lot more than i was expecting to understand why you were replying to me with this . 
  i think i understand now , you somehow think that it is the player 's mentality that is at fault for not trying new stuff ? 
  well the short answer is yes , but the point is it 's not just the cs community that has that problem , it 's honestly a recorrent issue in pretty much every single competitive game i have ever played . 
  let me answer to your points though . 
  i 'm gon na compare this with situations that happen in dota 2 :, 
  people only start using things when they see pros doing it . 
  it 's the monkey see , monkey do . 
  i would love to watch pasha one day equipping dual berettas on pistol rounds during his stream and honestly tell the viewers that it is legit . 
  next day is this sub full of pics of guys complaining about how everyone on their team was buying berettas . 
  well i guess this would be a similar point to the one op made in his unpopular opinion about the p-90 . 
  tec-9 is more spammable than other pistols , but other pistols offer more accuracy . 
  i guess pros just prefer that . 
  you kinda have to consider that cs takes it 's maps a lot more serious than other fps 's .
