  i will never remove this flair bibblethump, 
  fuckin love this band so much but steven wilson comes out as so full of himself sometimes, 
  no , we come to the point where you know jack shit and are talking out your arse just like every other reddit thread i see about this . 
  i do n't even overclock my card and i get to those temps while running some games on ultra for 2 or 3 hours ... 
   the 0 % fan until 60 \u00b0 just is n't meant for amd cards and give a bad headstart with the card being 55 \u00b0 when totally idle . 
  and the auto settings of msi keep the fan speed extremely low no matter what . 
  can you give me a source on that ? 
  i actually thought msi did that on purpose to extend the lifetime of the cooler, 
  thats not confirmed, 
  the game gets vr compatibility : `` fuckin ea always spending money on useless shit , vr isnt even out to the masses yet and they could be spending that money on other shit '' . 
  the game does not get vr compatibility : `` fuckin ea never getting the newest features in their games '' . 
  people man ... 
  at what res ? 
  i have the r9 390 and its amazing , 85 fps average on bf4 ultra settings at 1080p . 
  why not just going for this one instead ? 
  im pretty sure the performance gain of the 390x is not worth the price difference , the plain 390 is where the biggest bang for your buck is right now or so i read . 
  yeah the 390 is enough for 1440p . 
  the 390x had a 5-10 % increase in performance compared to the 390 last time i read . 
  if you really want that performance boost and have the money for ir just do it though , ive only heard good things about the 390x, 
  reddit is fun . 
  i once shot out the pilot out of the little bird and ran to it to repair and take it . 
  i was spamming left click while changing to the repair tool by clicking ' 3 ' on my keyboard as the chopper landed right in front of me . 
  the 3 key was actually binded to my rpg ... 
  thanks . 
  whatever , i 'll upvote . 
  i guess thats why i never had crashes , i unninstalled that crap long ago . 
  i 'm loving my amd card but god damn their programs are so cluttered and confusing . 
  they have raptr , plays.tv , catalyst center ... 
  i actually had to unninstall the catalyst center to be able to get the 15.7 drivers to work . 
  the plays.tv gave me a weird error when i tried to use them and obs doesnt work because it says the 390 is not supported ( lol ) . 
  maybe it 's just my experience that was a bit bad , but the user interface for amd programs needs an urgent upgrade . 
  glad you got it running , maybe cross post this to / r/advancedmicrodevices in case anyone is having the same problem . 
  hours of wealth is so fuckin good . 
  i do n't understand ... 
  rocket league . 
  thanks !, 
  868 , thanks op !, 
  i have the msi gaming 5 and other than a couple problems with some ethernet drivers , it is really cool . 
  you also have the gaming 3 for a bit less money . 
  now that you mentioned those french names i remembered another movie that i really liked , the crimson rivers . 
  if you know anything like that please let me know too , thanks for the suggestions !, 
  ok , i will check it out , thanks . 
  i think i already watched the general 's daughter , but will surely check the other two , thanks . 
  ok , will do , thanks . 
  8668 , thanks man !, 
  i have an ozone blade ( keyboard ) and an oscar x7 ( mouse ) . 
  do n't ask me why . 
  i would love rocket league , thanks !, 
  868 , thanks . 
  by the way op how do you record your songs ? 
  i 'm also a bedroom guitar player but never got around into recording stuff because i honestly do n't know where to start . 
  also i really enjoyed the song , really chill !, 
  yeah i record all my riffs on my phone , the quality is utter shit . 
  maybe i have to get one of those mics . 
  how much did it cost you ? 
  do you know if it is also good to record the amp ? 
  dunlop max grip 1.0, 
  because i literally bought 15 of them a while back cause they looked cool . 
  not only distorted , it will have latency . 
  it 's really bad if you want to record covers and such which was what i wanted to do . 
  i would have to buy a gadget to remove the latency but its kinda expensive . 
  i might get that mic you told me about though cause i can record my classic guitar with that , at least it 's a start . 
  thanks !, 
  8 , thanks !, 
  868 , i would like rocket league and my favourite piece of tech is my sega master system ii for sure . 
  thanks !, 
  8860 , thanks op !, 
  86 , thanks !, 
  i actually really like bane as a support but you ca n't play that shit on pubs . 
  people literally ca n't understand what the hero does , it 's sad . 
  im by no means a good player but god damn is it frustrating . 
  whatever , this is the closest to drama i 've seen here for the past days , i 'll upvote . 
  i would say no , that really is the best performance per price card out there right now . 
  well the 390 is clearly superior to the 380 but also more expensive . 
  it really comes down to the money you have available to spend on the card as the 390 is the clear winner . 
  i see your point . 
  well what is your budget ? 
  the 390 does great at 1080p , it 's the king of that resolution right now i believe . 
  the 380 is really good at 1080p as well , [ you can look up some benchmarks for it ] ( http://www.tomshardware.com/reviews/amd-radeon-r9-390x-r9-380-r7-370,4178-6.html ) , but as i said it comes down to what you can or want to spend . 
  i assume the roads are the data buses ? 
  if so this is an hardware issue right ? 
  nothing nvidia can do about it until they release their next achitecture ? 
  if so thats fucked up . 
  im pretty sure i would be mad if i got a 980ti or even sli 980 just to find out that they will basically be taking a massive hit in performance when dx12 comes around . 
  por curiosidade , usavas a net por wireless ou ethernet ? 
  i do n't get this blindsided hate or love for a brand . 
  they are literally here to sell you products , if the product is good you should buy it if it isnt you should n't . 
  we ended up in a point where nvidia has like 80 % of the marketshare on graphics cards and lets be honest they have it because their products deliver . 
  i 'm pretty sure nvidia has had something similar to whats happening now back in the dx9 days but dont quote me on that . 
  i remember reading about how they didnt foresee the future . 
  maybe it 's just their mo , they take everything out of the current directx and later work on their next architecture to get the full potential there as well . 
  in between we have this transition time where they will maybe fail to deliver in performance compared to amd , but they have proved time and time again that they can take out the most of their cards for the lowest power consumption and thats really good and a great selling point . 
  their business practices are shit ? 
  yes they are , they did do some very bad moves on amd with the whole gameworks bullshit and the project cars issue , etc. 
  now there is this dx12 problem that came from one game with one test , thats really not enough to get evidence . 
  im just annoyed that everyone is going on the bandwagon of bashing nvidia and amd is the good guy , cause amd has been releasing great cards for the past months now . 
  390 is empirically better than the 970 , 380 better than the 960 , 390x is like 150 $ cheaper than the 980 and gives it a run for its money , fury x on par with the 980ti ... why does there need to be a massive slap in the face for people to realise this ? 
  ca n't you just look around some benchmarks , some reviews , check some tables and take the conclusions for yourself ? 
  why do you have to love/hate a brand ? 
  rant over .
