  to prevent feedback . 
  the guitar is connected to an amp , people often cover the hole so that the sound from the soundbox doesnt interfere with the strings 's sound that is being picked up . 
  no because i do n't have a salary yet . 
  a friend of mine told me about them and how they had the 126 tick servers and how awesome it was . 
  my problem is that i 'm kinda of a noob ( a total of 1000 + hours of 1.6 and condition zero accross the board ) and i do n't even have a rank yet . 
  am i going to just get constantly stomped by pros since the player pool is not that big compared to valve servers ? 
  but with conceal you have to choose when to attack , making them vulnerable when you do so . 
  in this case you would have all your minions available to attack and untargettable ( is this how the word is written ? ), 
  by opponent 's minions for at least 3 turns + a weapon you can use to attack . 
  that happened to me once . 
  the guy got into the game and insta conceded . 
  later on he added me as friend telling me he gave me the win because he was going to lose anyway and that was a way to give some wins instead of retiring the deck . 
  i did not enjoy it . 
  i 'm playing the game to have some fun , if people give me wins i do n't feel good with it because i did n't deserve them . 
  if you get to 12 wins but one of them was given to you like this , would you still be proud of it ? 
  i would n't . 
  just play your deck , thats why you have the game , to play it . 
  wow it actually took me a bit to realise tiny was there . 
  thats really cool man , grats, 
  yeah it will probably be a stretch goal if anything . 
  god i love gretschs . 
  my life goal right now is to get myself one . 
  one day ... 
  hope you enjoy yourself with it : d, 
  navi won, 
  you are clearly not looking for new music with an open mind then . 
  if you do n't like it , thats one thing , but saying that new rock bands are bad just like that is wrong and you are missing the point big time . 
  so you want to change an entire default subreddit because you do n't like the rules ? 
  whats wrong with waiting one day to post a youtube link ? 
  if you really are a person who likes to discuss , then you would actually be happy that today is the discussion day right ? 
  wait ... there is another possible outcome for when you play a mad bomber other than getting hit 3 times in the face ? 
  why do i love enchantress so much ? 
  it 's pretty simple when you think about it : enchantress is n't just the best hero in the game , she might just be the greatest character of all time . 
  just imaging her prancing through the woods of augury , the wind in her hair , her fairies giggling and orbiting her . 
  as she leaps through the jungle , the animals swoon at her very scent . 
  they know how she smells , the essence of her smell is sold in the secret shop under the name of `` woods orgasm . '', 
  the very nature of enchantress is a mystery . 
  could she be playing a deeper game than even her creators realize ? 
  the answer is yes , she has transcended such boundaries as the video games world , and has free will to do whatever she sees fit . 
  however , enchantress is filled with such playfulness , such sportsmanship that she does not even use these powers . 
  why , you might ask ? 
  you will never know , for the mind of enchantress is not one that is easily read . 
  enchantress is such a force of nature in dota realm that nothing can truly touch her , the only thing keeping her bound to the map at all is her will to exist within the preordained boundaries of dota world . 
  enchantress is not only beyond comprehension to us , she exists within a plane of true focus and beauty . 
  observe her playful laughter , her gorgeous and crimson hair , her beautiful visage , and most importantly , her eyes . 
  her eyes , like pools of aquamarine , provide the only a glimpse into the true nature of enchantress . 
  do not stare into them . 
  many good men have gone mad in the attempt . 
  enchantress is not just a hero , a formless collection of bits and energy , she herself is the binding that holds the whole game together . 
  without enchantress , the entire confict , the entire game as we know it crumbles . 
  the dire would fall into the ground without enchantress , the river would stop flowing and the radiant would stop shining without her comforting radiance . 
  these are just of a few of the reasons why i love enchantress so much, 
  if the players actually did what the arrow indicates they will do i would be legend by now . 
  dat freeze, 
  upvote for the pot . 
  that fuckin bass riff is so fuckin awesome . 
  what is this draft by eg ? 
  o ___ o, 
  oh god i 've watched this at least 3-4 times and i always lose it with the missiles . 
  poor trump, 
  cs is not complex ... 
  yeah i missunderstood what you were saying . 
  in fact , games that virtually everyone can play are the ones that get so popular on streams . 
  dota 2 and lol are a good example of it . 
  i do n't know if i like this new battlefield . 
  i will wait for youtubers to get their hands on the game itself and play it like we gamers will play it too . 
  so far it just seems like a `` look at what we can do with the graphics and shit exploding '' game , not what i was expecting . 
  let 's see . 
  i 'm top at sex . 
  best in town . 
  moving better does not mean moving faster or moving without getting tired . 
  it 's just that comparing a videogame with real life is stupid right now . 
  maybe it will be a good comparison point in the future , no idea , but as of now it makes no sense . 
  arma is a good military sim because it simulates good environmental aspects of war that a soldier must be aware of . 
  in fact i think that the clunkiness of the soldiers is a good simulation of real life war , soldiers with dozens of kg of gear walking around are probably not the most agile beings . 
  i know nothing about military , but some us militaries actually use a modded bohemia piece of software to simulate war environments for soldiers to practice , so i guess that means something . . 
  i wish ... 
  saints row . 
  a movie in which people would beat other people with dildos . 
  would totally watch that, 
  i 'm sorry guys , new go player here but if you guys think the cz is op , would n't the awp be op as well ? 
  i mean , the rounds are fucking awesome but you do have to get your aiming right ... just like the awp , and the rifle can shut down both long range points but also close quarters ones ... 
  it 's because of this kind of shit there ca n't be live events . 
  too bad people like him and his friend keep on wasting the worlds oxygen . 
  can anyone tell me how does he get the crosshair to be static ? 
  i just pasted his configs in the console but mine keeps on spreading when i walk . . 
  what about the courier skill ceiling ? 
  yeah ... 
  hint : not serious . 
  why is the battleblock bundle of 2 games more expensive than buying 2 seperate ones ? 
  i want to celebrate the goal but ca n't help but wonder what the hell was that us defender thinking . 
  still , go portugal !, 
  no , i just want to know people 's opinion on it , since it seems that it goes along with the way the game is designed . 
  that was a great goal . 
  i 'm sorry for asking this 3 months later lol but do i need any kind of bluetooth device to run this ? 
  in the website it keeps refering to a dongle bluetooth something , i do n't quite get it ... 
  dat awp shot through the somke while flashbanged . 
  some people just do n't understand legitimate skillfull medium players . 
  no picnic ? 
  rtz did some amazing things but damn that bane played out of his mind .
