  would i need one of those fluffy things to put on it to cancel some noise or something ? 
  i assume thats what those are for . 
  thanks for the help !, 
  yeah , i know the 58 is regarded as the best all arounder . 
  maybe i should get that as i think i might even record voice too eventually . 
  you think it would do okay in a house environment rather than in a studio ? 
  meh , im not really looking for a perfect solution to be honest as im not even in a studio , just recording at home . 
  i think i will look into that 58 as it seems like a good option . 
  thank you, 
  edit : i meant 58 . 
  sorry to ask you this stupid question but what is the guitar map ? 
  is it the volume ? 
  but that akg would be fine for recording high distortion sounds from the amp ? 
  as i said im more inclined for a mic that performs better with an acoustic sound as i can get one of those things to plug the electric directly to the pc and record it from there later down the line when i have the $ $ . 
  thanks so much for the help !, 
  oh thats something i need to know too , what interface would you recommend ? 
  is there any free one that is good enough ? 
  so the 57 i can just drop right next to the speaker and it will sound fine but with the p120 i have to be a bit careful and maybe put it at a distance to get a good sound with the benefit that it will record better acoustic sounds . 
  is that correct ? 
  if so then in a home environment ( i dont really have a studio ) having the mic a bit apart from the amp wo n't make it capture unwanted sounds like the cars going by on the street even if i have all my windows closed and shit like that ? 
  or is that something i can then take care of with an audio interface in case it happens ? 
  thanks once again and sorry to bother you with questions this silly . 
  i actually thought this was so stupidly clever i went ahead and searched it for myself . 
  it is indeed how it 's done but then how do they make it so that an i7 has hyper threading and both the i3 and i5 have not ? 
  i mean there has to be something there hardware related that you have to enforce to make it happen and i could n't find anything about it in my search . 
  what the hell is this graph ? 
  what is this supposed to mean ? 
  the 390 is on par with the 970 for essentially the same price , scales better at 1440p and 2160p with double the vram . 
  how is it that low on the list ? 
  yeah im at home so the amp will surely not be that high on volume , just enough to cover the ambient noise and so i can hear the guitar clearly . 
  what is `` gain structure '' though ? 
  i do n't really know that term . 
  is it the ammount of gain i have in the amp ? 
  reducing it makes it easier to capture the sound i would assume ? 
  yup , i surely read your comment !, 
  thanks for the input , i honestly had no idea what the difference was from a dynamic mic to a condenser one . 
  i was already looking into the akg p series as / u/skinisblackmetallic said . 
  do you think the 420 would be the ideal or would a 120 do the trick ? 
  thank you so much for the help . 
  hey thanks for the input and for actually showing me the results !, 
  thats some sweet music man !, 
  unfortunatly that audiotechnica mic is quite too far from me in terms of budget . 
  i really ca n't spend any more than 100/120 $ on this , it 's been some hard months the ones we 've been going through and money is short now . 
  if i find a good one used for sale i will keep in mind it is a great mic though . 
  thanks for the help , keep on rocking man !, 
  if you do n't use the recording feature i would say uninstall the raptr and ccc all together . 
  i love amd but god damn is their raptr interface a huge mess . 
  on top of that i have had crashes that seem to be related to those programs . 
  if you need fps monitoring and stuff use something like msi afterburner . 
  thats like saying games are n't ours , they are steam 's items . 
  this is the song number 2 in my top 10 songs that i will never ever ever ever ever be able to play on the guitar . 
  so good . 
  that 's ... amazing . 
  cliffs of dover, 
  i cared at the beggining so i created a fan profile but the pc being quiet is so good i removed it soon after . 
  it stays at 60 and rarely goes over 80 at full load . 
  im pretty sure it handles those temps perfectly from what i read in forums so i dont worry anymore . 
  also my case is shit in terms of air flow . 
  just the case overall is shit , only component of my build i regret buying, 
  the r9 390 has a no noise mode in which the fans dont kick in until the card is not above 60 degrees celsius . 
  its absolutely silent . 
  if it was clearly cheaper then its a good buy . 
  i have the 390 myself but the 970 is still a beast and will remain as the best power for tdp and money this gen had . 
  people also forget that the 390 came almost a year later , i mean by then you were supposed to release something truly competitive , which they did . 
  yeah , do n't do it . 
  i bought it and played it hoping that somehow some of that adrenaline rush that you got in the mod would come back to pump me . 
  but no , all i got was frustration from running this game at 20 fps in cities with a medium-high end rig , from getting killed by stupid glitches ( which happened in the mod too , but still ... ) and above all from knowing that the mod had so much more than what this has , it 's painful . 
  i waited a year and a half because creating a game is not easy and all that shit , so let 's give em a bit more time . 
  yeah , they either do n't care anymore or they have what will become in history known as the worst management ever to exist in a product creation . 
  i hope some day someone will read this post and call me a shit head for saying this and that i can swallow my words . 
  i really hope i do . 
  by the way do n't go to the dayz subreddit . 
  the blind fanboyism there is worse than what you see in nvidia vs amd or android vs ios fights . 
  there 's guys there saying that they raised the prices a year ago and did not get punished so it 's perfectly fine for them to do ir now lmao . 
  or the one guy saying to not jump into conclusions ... they did the same fucking shit a year ago , for fuck sake how can you be so deep in denial ? 
  ok guys i got it . 
  i bet against nip when they played tsm so they obviously won . 
  now i on them and they obviously lost . 
  from now on as a good nip fanboy i will bet against them in all their games and so the road to another major shall begin !, 
  you can buy antimatter ? 
  guys i found the smurfer, 
  so you want a monopoly on the digital gaming destribution ? 
  yeah sorry , you are right . 
  had a shit day and i just dumped it on the poor guy . 
  i know that , the thing is that there is no rule saying that a monopoly has to have prices high as fuck , but somehow they always end up doing it because they know you have nowhere else to turn to to get the product . 
  some publishers would still do reasonable prices but things like fallout 4 and bethesda , cod and activision , any ubisoft and konami titles ? 
  yeah , you would pay the price , i have no doubt about that . 
  i 've spent more money on cs go and dota than the retail price of fallout 4 so there 's also that ... 
  am i the only one having trouble watching the stream through twitch in source quality ? 
  it keeps stuttering and buffering but i can watch it in 1080p on youtube just fine . 
  just to try and understand if it is my internet crapping itself or if there is a problem on their side . 
  how the hell is a 4690k a bottleneck in a game like that ? 
  the more you practice the luckier you get . 
  because being in a 5v4 is not enough help ? 
  i wonder what the hell are `` journalists '' doing for three years to take their degree if they ca n't spend two fuckin minutes on google to actually search before they spill out this bullshit . 
  when the paris attacks happened all news networks here where i live said that it was either eagles who were playing ( rofl ) , a death metal tribute to eagles or a stupid translation of their name that actually had nothing to do with their actual name . 
  just fuckin google it , it takes literally two minutes and it does n't make you look like a fuckin moron . 
  this applies to every game , not just fallout4 . 
  i always disable flux before a gaming session otherwise the game will often stutter . 
  i think your joke went over a lot of people,
