  i got great games for under 5 $ and paying 40 for one that is 4 years old kinda seems ... expensive . 
  i 'm gon na get mocked because of this but you know what the scariest game of them all was to me ? 
  i played amnesia and slender and to be honest i got scared but i was expecting to be scared , they are terror games after all . 
  but in crysis i wasnt . 
  im talking about that bit where you go underwater and you fight some weird ass pink squids . 
  they would show up out of nowhere and dodge really quickly . 
  i was always with my hearth pounding and it 's not even like i would die to them , it 's just that they would scare the shit out of me . 
  where do i do that ? 
  i read something about sound on google but i didnt understand what to do . 
  i mean i understand that it is a very different sound of what they used to put out but have you heard slither ? 
  that song is fuckin awesome . 
  pandora . 
  yeah . 
  even when i lane against her and i 'm able to kinda shut her down she will always find her farm elswhere and come back later to wreck everyone . 
  trench life is sad, 
  edit : seems like ursa is a guy . 
  in my language , ursa is the feminine of the word `` bear '' so i sort of assumed it was a female character . 
  sorry for the feelings i hurt judging by the downvotes . 
  edit2 : i play with music on , never heard his voice, 
  nope , keeps crashing . 
  the thing is that it doesnt even say that i3wmp has stopped working , the game simply closes and i 'm back to desktop . 
  thanks anyway : ), 
  but what song is it ? 
  turnoff ? 
  honestly this is a trun on for me , i love seeing that top hs pros also do the shit i do but not on a regular basis . 
  it 's good to confirm that they are humans every once in a while . 
  centaur please . 
  i would love to know how to play well with this hero in a standard 2-1-2 lineup . 
  i cant do shit until i get my blink dagger which might be tricky if im up against 2 ranged heroes . 
  i am a bit like that too . 
  now i only play single draft or , if i play ability draft , i always random . 
  i feel that if i random or play 1 out of 3 random heroes the pressure is way less and i kinda have an excuse if i fuck up . 
  but to be honest i think you ( and me ) just have to go for with and say `` fuck it '' , because mistakes you will always make , it 's about knowing you made em and try and improve your gameplay the next game . 
  my sweetest friend . 
  i 'm installing an update and it 's telling me it will take 1 hour and 45min ? 
  is 1/8 '' the standard input ? 
  im not really sure : / it does have the mic input , its the same size as the headphones input . 
  yeah , but my phone is really bad , its not android or ios . 
  i think i 'm gon na try that , thanks !, 
  would you mind listing just a few exercises you do in those 25 minutes ? 
  i 'm sorry , i did n't know about this and this might seem a stupid question but a few months ago a friend of mine who was only playing support did his 10 calibration matches and got placed at 2.7 k mmr . 
  is n't that a bit odd acording to what you are saying ? 
  2.7 k is quite high for someone who had started playing maybe 2 months before that . 
  sorry if this seems stupid , but it really is confusing me . 
  to be honest thats actually a whole different story . 
  alliance just simply always play the same game type . 
  they were 8-2 and still took like an hour to end todays game . 
  i just cant watch that , it 's so boring it hurts . 
  i do n't flame them , but i just turn off the stream when they are playing . 
  in that game i was mentioning it just felt like they could have ended it ages before they did because they always go for the same choke playstyle with naga pushing every lane until they cant defend . 
  i do n't find that interesting , it 's non-dynamic but i wo n't flame 'em for it , if anything the other teams need to find the counter to it because [ a ] does the same strat every game . 
  yeah thats true and thats why i said i dont flame them , i get they are playing safe but as someone who is watching a game it 's just so boring . 
  but thats my opinion , i bet there are people out there who like this gameplay type and im fine with it . 
  embrace me with your downvotes reddit . 
  soooo ? 
  did you find it ? 
  i never related this to that bug but that shit happens to me all the time and i never knew why . 
  valve please : /, 
  no , i did one ranked match but people take that shit too seriously , i got annoyed and never played again . 
  i though that exactly , that as long as i play more , the people that i play with will get better but to be honest it feels that i hit a stale point 50-75 games ago . 
  it 's ok when we lose because we have way worse team fight capabilities , it 's ok when we get outplayed , i have that happen to me before and i get frustrated but im fine with it . 
  but when i 'm playing a game where some players do n't know the basics of mobas ( positioning , farming , roaming , etc ) it just feels like im being matched up with people that started playing yesterday . 
  i think i 'll do that then . 
  i 'm by no means a pro and i do n't think i am , thats something that i know of and i want you guys to know to . 
  the thing is i think one can only improve by playing the game the way its meant to be played . 
  if i go and roam as a support and leave my carry alone he will die , its almost for sure it will happen . 
  those kind of handicaps are keeping me from practicing certains rolls and certain heroes and thats the thing that is frustrating me the most . 
  i would throw in the rest of the album, 
  shadow demon because i can kill a lina at lvl 2 with 4 stacks of my e. 
  i have this bug that every once in a while if i change the filters , only 2 or 3 servers show up on the search and i have no favourites showing up at all . 
  i would really like some love to the server browser feature , it 's been like this since the game release . . 
  my god i was about to post this problem . 
  i watch everything maxed out on hitbox.tv without any problem , my download and upload speeds are fine , everything is great but even on low quality on twitch i get the loading screens every 5-10 seconds . 
  i read about the ddos but my friends are watching the global offensive streams just fine o.o, 
  im sorry for the stupid question buy i wo n't get any refunds even thought the ddos clearly affected vp right ? 
  it 's actually my first time betting , sorry for asking : /, 
  yeah , very slim chance if they continue being ddos 'd . 
  i 'll try and keep my hopes up , thanks for answering : ), 
  i guess i 'll have to believe then . 
  thanks ; ), 
  i was watching it again to laugh at the man in the back reaction when i saw the dude flying with the raft . 
  is payday 2 good with randoms ? 
  i bought it on summer sales to play with a friend . 
  we played 1 hour , i digged it but we never played again and i keep thinking i should try it again but i think ill get bored if im playing alone ... 
  i 'll be playing ** dota 2 ** . 
  i think ill finally get into ranked matchmaking this weekend to hopefully be placed at a rank where my allies know what farming , positioning , warding , ganking , roaming and stacking actually is . 
  i play ranked to get my dailies done . 
  if i go and play casual i get rekt 8 games straight by meta decks that i ca n't beat with my shitty cards . 
  i just make sure i stay in a rank low enough to be able to win some games . 
  sad but true : /, 
  are you using any tabs or learning by ear ? 
  i tried learning love is all but could n't keep up with it : p, 
  i 've been practicing it 's a kind of magic 's solo by queen , that shit is hard . 
  i 'm having massive trouble playing it while standing on my feet , i cant quite reach the upper strings when i 'm in a fret over the 15th . 
  i 'm pretty sure it is . 
  i hug the guitar neck with my thumb really hard but the thing is if i bend my wrist more in order to just hold the back of the neck with the thumb , i feel like i have no mobility with my fingers . 
  well yeah but there is that style/ability ratio that one would want to keep . 
  i already play it with the strings on my right hand at my belly button level , so i would not want to put it even higher . 
  this is great . 
  their self titled album is one of the best things i 've heard in my life , the lyrics are amazing .
