  saved their asses in the first 20/30 minutes of the game so many times . 
  awesome game , was cheering for fnatic but damn it that was a deserved win by eg . 
  best of luck !, 
  what do you mean poor scheduling ? 
  oh i only watched the finals , did n't know eg had played 3 series : /, 
  i started playing invoker recently and i think i 've been following the quas + exort build , so it does make sense . 
  thank you : ), 
  i 'm sorry for the stupid question but how do i get this operation ? 
  i 've never gotten one before and there was nothing like this back in 1.6 and cz lol, 
  i 'm trying to find a game in casual and it keeps saying `` finding game '' and never finds anything ... is this eu ? 
  have you ever played the mod ? 
  `` unoriginal piece of shit '' is the most failed attempt at describing dayz i 've ever read . 
  it 's one of the most successful mods ever made and it completly changed a playstyle . 
  the game is amazing , it 's just not for everyone . 
  but i do n't think it is the same servers . 
  i suppose us have seperated servers from eu , just like in dota . 
  thats what i was trying to figure out , if it was a problem with the servers . 
  5 years but i 'm still shit . 
  shecter owner and thats about it . 
  my amp is also shit lol, 
  working on it !, 
  a friend of mine lended me a peavey do try with a pseudo-band and i 'll be playing with that until i buy a used one to start cranking it up . 
  i think what i need is an amp powerful enough to play in a band , since thats the only way i believe i will get better from here on . 
  ir just did for the seventh time . 
  everyone is saying amazon but i live in europe and i think the taxes i would have to pay wouldnt make it worth it . 
  any eu people know this for a fact ? 
  or is there another way you guys get your picks that is not buying em in your local stores ? 
  i like watching dota because it is a very dynamic game . 
  this was everything but dynamic , just waiting and waiting and waiting , split push , avoid fights , etc and the problem is that it fuckin works . 
  every . 
  time . 
  navi however did n't actually did that well imo , they seem to be afraid of going in when they were clearly ahead at the 20 or so min mark , no idea why they kept themselves from getting some tier 3s , that might have made the game go on a different outcome . 
  my god that last black hole to seal the deal , that was beautiful . 
  what really hurts the modding scene , imo , is the fact that the devs do not provide mod tools at all and some third party programs created by the community are sometimes considered as cheating and might get you banned . 
  the thing is everything is money driven , its sad . 
  devs wont give you room to mod the game because they want to get the maximum money out of the game with dlc 's and extra content . 
  the biggest exemple of this right now is bf : hardline , that game would have been easily created by the mod community as a mod to bf4 , but because money is everything , they wo n't provide the tools to mod the game at all and will release what is essentially a dlc for 60 bucks . 
  they just grew up , thats what happened . 
  i saw em back in 2010 i think and the concert was literally them walking in , played some songs just like they are in the album , ended it and left . 
  no interaction whatsoever , not really that cool of a show , i was better of staying at home listening to their album . 
  now they are way more interactive from what i 've heard , the songs have kinda more mature lyrics , but thats the thing , i enjoyed them because they were those kids who wrote songs about the first world kid 's problems . 
  that and those catchy riffs made them awesome . 
  now the catchy riffs are still there , but honestly am feels like a lazy album , do i wan na know and r u mine ? 
  seem like the same song , it 's just boring . 
  walrock actually sounds pretty good, 
  bounty made it !, 
  same here . 
  it 's not a thing at all in my life , but for those who do feel bad about it you can get an operation if you did n't know . 
  yap , a doctor told me that they basically put a metal sheet on your lower ribs and externum ( i do n't know if thats how you write it , its the big bone where the ribs are attached to xd ) and you have to have it for 2 or 3 years and they limit your movement , give you some pain , etc. 
  i did some breathing and hearth tests aswell and everything was fine , so there was no need for it . 
  i also used to swim and i think it helped with my breathing . 
  thanks , i do n't speak english so this more specific words are not easy for me to write . 
  and so i watch you from afar is the shit but their albums are way heavier than eits . 
  still awesome . 
  for those who like eits , upcdown is also amazing, 
  fell in love with this album too . 
  simple boy is so sick , love those last 3 minutes of the song , so fuckin amazing . 
  goliath and new day are also god damn beautiful . 
  i do n't have the mod on steam , only a2 : oa . 
  arma 2 wasteland is the same . 
  there are servers that restart every 4 hours because of the amount of bases , weapons and etc that flood the server . 
  and it is an easy game to understand . 
  it 's just a team of ~ ~ five ~ ~ four trying to shoot another team of ~ ~ five ~ ~ four while in dota there are a lot of mechanics involved that are not interesting to watch to someone who does n't have a minimum knowledge of it and experience with it . 
  oh ok , my bad then , i thought it would follow the counter-strike standard of 5v5 since the maps are kinda the same size . 
  except my ex . 
  fuck that bitch, 
  not sure if what i 'm going to say makes sense : in hearthstone you have a lot more different matchups , so the variables are actually pretty high on number . 
  but i do n't think we can conclude that hearthstone is a `` dumb '' game because a bot can get pretty high rank with one deck , thats not a good way of thinking . 
  yap , and the chess ai has years of developing behind it , this game is barely a year old . 
  people were saying he got ddos 'd , but if there is no record of the game it has to be the crashing exploit . 
  i thought the same but he actually did n't . 
  at 0:45 https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vdtrr_vrkgu, 
  [ and so i watch you from afar - set guitars to kill ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oekkkhjcjcm ), 
  finally reached the average redditor mmr . 
  but thats a damn fine job man , amazing . 
  this is the perfect time right here . 
  if valve or any other company come out and create a similar streaming website that thing would get huge . 
  i hope they do , tired of google 's bullshit , first with youtube and now with twitch . 
  add to that :, 
  the hives, 
  the von bondies, 
  kings of leon ( first 2 albums ), 
  no , it 's a crush , they are in love . 
  it 's so beautiful, 
  * woosh *, 
  `` it does say on these pills that i should not be operating heavy machinery , but it does n't say anything about being a killing machine '', 
  haha this is the kind of humor i think i would n't be able to pull off in such situation , but i 'm so glad you can . 
  oh and a quick tip : you can hit ctrl + ability you want to learn so you do n't have to click on it manually . 
  it 's more useful than you may think , you can quickly get a point on your ult in a middle of a fight and pull of a kill . 
  i read that as ballistic dog technology . 
  for the lazy, 
  try a clean install on your video drivers . 
  you stoopid ? 
  i guess it is the same , it 's up to your preference . 
  the default button is ctrl so if you want to put a point in your q ability , you just hit ctrl + q. 
  it 's way faster but i 've sometimes casted my abilities because i was clicking other key thinking it was ctrl lol, 
  my game sometimes crashes when i am trying to join community servers that are running aim maps , but this tab thing never happened . 
  i have a sony phone . 
  this shit does n't need polish , the phone just does n't work . 
  it has a 1ghz processor and it is the slowest piece of technology i have ever owned .
