  whatever , i guess whoever wins ill be happy and i just hope we see some more good doto, 
  arteezy got stomped , really well played by vp . 
  and did i say it was arteezy 's fault ? 
  vp shut down the enemy carry early with good rotations and it was well played by them . 
  zai tries to keep the dream alive , but it 's for no reason i believe . 
  secrekt fangays unite with me to share our salty tears . 
  i guess thats what happens when you do n't draft any real lock down . 
  the only real stun they had was kuros telekenisis , thats really not enough against a storm . 
  indeed . 
  but they lost against ehome exactly because of the agressive draft with no real lockdown , i guess it 's just the way secret plays , but if you are going to draft agressive you need to be proactive in shutting down that storm , which really did n't happen . 
  however im super glad vp can go through , they went through some tough shit and its really cool to see them performing well . 
  fng had amazing positioning , g was just all over the place and lil 's visage is one of the best i 've seen . 
  props to zai for playing out of his mind in this last game as dark seer , he is most likely the best offlane seer in the world . 
  did people watch the second game ? 
  the first game ? 
  did people watch the rest of the ti ? 
  do people actually remember anything past the last 20 minutes of their lives ? 
  s4 did great in that second game , did great in the first game , he just needed more support when blinking agressive . 
  they had no real disables , so it all went to shit but when you draft agressive like that it means you have to play agressive . 
  it simply didnt work out . 
  im pretty sure it 's because he is called secret_bandwagoner, 
  wtf intolerable , i thought rape wasnt allowed on this sub, 
  next year when the new battlefield title comes out : `` dafuq is this map balance dice ??!?!, 
  ! 111 where is the much beautiful and perfect map design of battlefield 4 ? '', 
  lmao is this guy for real ? 
  it 's exactly the other way around , it can be on console because it can be on pc . 
  its on pc that those games are developed . 
  hell it is even on pc that those games are ran at gaming conferences like e3, 
  i just started playing two days ago on pc but why do people hate that map ? 
  first vp now eg . 
  dota is doomed to be ruled by the asian scene . 
  who the fuck is whining ? 
  i think that guy who created the thread saying that this is turning into twitch chat is right , i have no idea why you think i am salty because the chinese are dominating . 
  well 150 seconds cd on black hole also sucks but it still is one the the best ults in the game, 
  its so ironic that its 9gag . com/fresh , fresh as in it was only posted on reddit a week ago, 
  the poor man 's seafood . 
  thats what my grandpa says . 
  la grange . 
  gets me pumped every time too . 
  hey im from europe too and the same age as you . 
  also looking for someone to play with in a squad, 
  oh and im on pc, 
  can anyone tell me what time ( gmt ) will the grand finals be ? 
  im on mobile right now and i cant confirm, 
  thanks, 
  a team threw a game ( lost on purpose ) a few months ago to get some skin money . 
  the exact value of the skins was 322 $ . 
  since then when some team throw away their lead or lose a team fight after being in the lead everyone will spam 322 as in they threw the game, 
  i 'm pretty sure he it 's the same situation as sing2x . 
  they have this persona on their twitter and in their streams that is not themselves . 
  if you see the interview with kaci posted above you can clearly see that he is way different in real life , he is a cool dude . 
  the persona just gets the publicity going . 
  out of curiosity why did you find clip wonky ? 
  i 've been using it for the past 3 years and i honestly have nothing to complain about other than the fact that my university decides to ddos it on purpose by making everyone login at the same time to get the time tables done for the semester . 
  illuminati . 
  literalmente, 
  oh ok . yeah i do n't really have any experience on those things as i only really use it to download material needed for the subjects im having and test related things . 
  but maybe give them feedback about it , they might not know or understand that it 's a needed feature ; ), 
  i had the exact same thing happening to me with also a r9 390 . 
  i ended up using ddu and doing a custom installation so instead of instaling the catalyst center i only installed the display drivers for the graphics card . 
  worked like a charm . 
  i 'm nor sure , i did not check that honestly . 
  canadian salt mines, 
  322 dicks sucked . 
  thanks for the giveaway, 
  i have the msi one . 
  its hot and its big . 
  i guess you can solve the heat issue with some fan profiles . 
  other than that its a bloody beast of a card . 
  means good . 
  running bf4 on ultra at 1080p and i dont think it has ever dip below 85fps , i probably average 95, 
  i bought the first title when it was on sale because of the glaring reviews . 
  i played 1h and a half and i never touched it again . 
  i got stuck in some city where you had 3 ways to go , right at the begining of the game and i would get two shoted on any one of the paths i would choose to go to . 
  i ended up getting bored for not understanding it and gave up . 
  i might give it another shot in my new rig , but i just felt useless without a guide or something , maybe i was doing something wrong . 
  thats why i rush aghs on lion , so i can clear the creep wave to be able to land my hex . 
  right ? 
  similar with me . 
  i went from a laptop with a gt630m and an i7 36 something to a 4690k and a r9 390 . 
  yeah ... 
  i must have answered on your other thread cause i always do when questions like this pop up but i 'll do it here too :, 
  i have the msi one and its really big ( i actually dont think i can fit a second one to crossfire if i want to , it will hit the psu ) and really hot . 
  the idle temps go around 60\u00ba . 
  on full load while playing bf4 on ultra for like an hour or two it goes to 79-80\u00ba tops , but other games have pushed it to 85\u00ba . 
  it 's also a bit noisy when the cooler is running at full speed . 
  i hate the amd software that comes with it , raptr gaming evolved , the catalyst center , all of them gave me problems but thats a bit of a personal rant . 
  if you have no problem with the size , no problem with setting a fan curve to get those temps down or even use it as it is like i do and no problems with amd software i can recommend this card . 
  wait for someone with the sapphire to give you their input though . 
  i asked around a lot and people with the same card told me that they were having the same temps . 
  i assumed it was normal since this card has a feature that only makes the cooler to start working once the temperature goes above 62\u00bac i think . 
  they did it to extend the lifetime of the cooler and reduce noise according to what i read . 
  the msi one is loud as fuck as well . 
  its not as loud as what you are saying , i have the pc right next to me and i can hear the sounds in game just fine , i do n't actually notice the noise that much , but once quit i can hear it really loud . 
  the thing is , the card is fuckin massive , i suppose the cooler has to be on par with that . 
  it 's ironic that you say that ... 
  yeah , i randomed her and stuck with it . 
  at my mmr im pretty sure drow works just fine , but i went for the maelstrom first to try and counter pl instead of going shadowblade to get some pickoffs . 
  in the end i kinda feel i made the right decision , but our lineup just wasnt meant to win against that . 
  im just trying to learn some more things to deal with those meta picks , cause im really struggling now .
