  it actually makes sense to pass that spongeyness to armor instead of health , fits the game 's ambient a bit more . 
  the problem was never the bullet sponges in it self , thats been around for years and it 's one of the ways to make loot gathering games appealing and somewhat balanced . 
  then i guess this genre is not for you . 
  this does sound good , thanks for the input !, 
  do you know if the dark zone can be played as pve ? 
  now i just need to see if i can put my hands on a beta key so i can see if i actually like it and if i should indeed purchase it once it comes out . 
  thank you for taking the time to explain it . 
  a couple more questions though : can you be sneaky and use high ground and vantage points to check on other groups of players ? 
  can you stalk them ? 
  is there an easy way to check their levels and what their gear is ? 
  other than that i would just like to know a bit more about `` there are real repercussions to going rogue '' bit . 
  what do you mean ? 
  does the game clearly take a stance against being rogue ? 
  is it not an acceptable playstyle ? 
  thanks !, 
  is that level only related to the dark zone ? 
  or are you talking about losing your real level after you have done the pve things before level 30 ( i believe this is the leve you need to get access to the dz ? 
  he 's sexually attracted to universe 's chronospheres . 
  played that game yesterday . 
  pretty sure the tinker on my team was using some sort of script . 
  he would instantly veil , dagon whenever he blinked , lightning fast reactions and the dude only has 29 games played on that hero . 
  i thought he was just a really good player until a fight around radiant ancients where the es on the other team miss blinked ( it seemed like it ) and got instantly dagoned , didnt even make sense . 
  not sure if it relates , i reported him for good measure . 
  yes , but what you should do about it is post it on the dota dev forums and hope valve does something about it . 
  posting the link on reddit is never a good idea . 
  i have n't watched the replay yet , this was yesterday night and im at work . 
  i will check it out though , i 've had games with 40 kills too simply because people in this skill bracket are shit , both me and them . 
   pay bethesda to implement said software . 
  fixed . 
  [ here ] ( http://developer.amd.com/resources/opengl-zone/ ), 
  i think this is it , i 'm not sure as i am not at home and i have n't researched yet how they got those nvidia specific effects , but i 'm assuming it was with one of these libraries . 
  it was released not long ago and i believe it has much fewer extensions than it 's nvidia counterpart . 
  whichever the brand big devs wo n't use that shit unless you pay them , do n't fool yourselves . 
  those massive companies like bethesda already use fully fleshed out game engines and the only reason they would use this type of software is for eye candy and because they got paid , nobody in their right minds is gon na purposefully add those effects and waste time when they could be developing something else if they do n't get them $ $ for it . 
  yeah , that comment was more directed to the op edit , he got downvoted because it 's not really a matter of `` wow what an amazing tech , let 's use it to develop our game !, 
  '' , it 's more a `` they paid me , better use it '' . 
  as i said i believe that opengl thing is quite new so i would not be surprised if amd actually did n't have any alternative . 
  but again i have n't fully checked . 
  i wonder if that new midlaner would be a good fit with their current carry , that guy called xboct, 
  essa e a i 'm the mountains . 
  o seven thunders roar pa ser honesto , que puta de album, 
  he is not dumpster now , do n't forget thats an ability you get with a 4200 gold item . 
  yeah good players get that at 20 min into the game , but overall his early presence is still the same , and he is still slowing , slencing and stuning anyone he wants to . 
  it 's gon na be the same shit again if it happens to be an arg . 
  people do n't really care about the thrill of the puzzles , all they want is to search for fucking lambdas and half life 3 references . 
  thanks op, 
  inform\u00e1tica ? 
  suck balls edition, 
  arc warden 100 % winrate in competitive dota , osfrog pls, 
  and how exactly does that happen ? 
  thanks . 
  yeah , one of the campaigns went down the drain because for some reason the game does not automatically save ( i was not used to that ) . 
  i tried to rotate soldiers in my squad on my 3rd attempt i believe and it went to shit as well as soon as i got to do one of those put the beacons on the train missions . 
  i completed it but 4 of my guys died . 
  in every run i did my technology and research seems to grow way way faster than my ability to build thing . 
  is there any advice on that ? 
  cause i never have money because i increased my squad because i was always getting severely outnumbered or because i built facilities and recruited soldiers . 
  any tips on the money management ? 
  thanks for taking the time !, 
  well i played quite a lot os civ 5 and i did play company of heroes 2 , that 's about it on strategy games i believe . 
  i then play mostly shooters like arma and insurgency where i guess you need a bit of tactical planning but not nearly the ammount you need for a game like xcom i believe . 
   save scum !, 
  this is your first playthrough , so treat it as a learning experience . 
  use save points in missions and during the base play to learn the tactics and replay difficult encounters . 
  i 'm gon na start saving everything and rolling back if shit hits the fan ( i hate doing that , but if you guys advise me on doing it than so be it ) . 
   play cautiously . 
  one complaint about eu is that the cautious advance is the strongest strategy . 
  move slowly , take the high ground , and overwatch everything . 
  i already do that i believe . 
  i 'm gon na try and just fight a goup of aliens at a time though , i think i was not doing that before or maybe they just all showed up at the same time . 
   satellites are your friends . 
  if you are ok with save-loading your way through missions then you can pour your resources into fighters and satellites . 
  this is how you build up your income ( through monthly payments and the grey market ) . 
  thats something i do n't know how to do . 
  how exactly do you build satelites ? 
  you need to research something right ? 
  where can i see the requirements to build them ? 
  also on that note : the second satelite is easy to build . 
  the third one though i do n't think i ever had the money for it in any of the playthroughs because i spend everything on facilities and upgrades . 
  should i just not bother buying nano armors and the other gadgets ? 
   if you are in trouble and no one else can help , it 's time to call in the a-team . 
  another foible of eu is that focusing on building out an a-team of super soldiers ( and a b team for when they are hurt ) is one of the more effective ways of winning . 
  eventually if this is the game for you you can install the long war mod and play the real x-com , but for now 6 uber soldiers can push back the entire alien invasion . 
  yeah i tried this and it did n't work out but probably because i was doing other things wrong . 
  i 'm gon na go ahead and play like that from now on . 
  thank you so much for the tips !, 
   if normal difficulty is too hard for you , drop the difficulty to easy instead . 
  consider save-scumming instead of playing ironman , especially for your first play through where you 're still learning mechanics . 
  this is a game and is supposed to be fun ; do n't set the difficulty too high if it 's just going to frustrate you . ~, 
  well i 'm playing in normal difficulty , should i lower it even more ? 
   do n't bring your full a team on every mission . 
  this is a central concept in xcom , so i 'm going to say it again : do n't bring your full a team on every mission . 
  if some of them die or are injured you 'll be in trouble if you do n't have backups . 
  bring a lower level soldier or two on most routine missions . 
  it 's generally a good idea to have two full teams ready to go . 
  def gon na start doing that . 
   most money is obtained via mission rewards , monthly council reports , and the grey market . 
  any time you down a ufo , check the grey market -- you probably have some useless damaged components you can sell for a tidy profit . 
  building and launching satellites increases your monthly income from the council , but it takes time and resources to really get that income stream rolling . 
  well the thing is whenever i 'm about to choose a mission for some reason a country comes up with a level 3 panic .
