  hahahahaha yap xd i was so drunk yesterday, 
  add him and tell him to come to this subreddit to do an ama . 
  bombay bicycle club , tokyo police club ... pretty much anything with club in it 's name . 
  they did the same with killzone 3 . 
  not sure how it went when they did it , but i suppose the sales might have gone up a bit . 
  i actually dig some of their songs . 
  and i am a alternative/progressive type of guy lol, 
  they are . 
  you need to listen to their early stuff like [ this ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1vtrm9hgtji ) and [ this ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dv7vr6oe3u8 ) . 
  that sex on fire and use somebody bullshit you can just ignore . 
  thats because people here do n't really like arctic monkeys , they like r u mine ? 
  and do i wan na know ? . 
  if you listen to their eralier stuff like whatever people say i am and favourite worst nightmare you will find a slightly different band and to me a much better one . 
  what type of music do you like to listen to ? 
  tool is my all time favourite band but you either get it and dig it , or you do n't . 
  tool is not one of those bands that one listen 's to while studying or for the sake of simply listening to music . 
  their albums are quite more complex than the average album and their songs are fuckin amazing both from an artist stand point and a musician stand point . 
  i get that people do n't understand it and do n't like it but believe me , if you enjoyed them like i do you would see things completly different . 
  thats why they are fucking awesome . 
  yap , your girlfriend knows some shit . 
  they integrated the fibonnacci sequence in the album and you can actually reorder the songs in the album and they will fit perfectly ( mostly because they are also all played in d but whatever ) . 
  i also like some prog , i listen to a lot of instrumental rock , some psychadelic , hard rock , etc. 
  the thing is tool have a different sound and i fuckin love it but other people just do n't enjoy it at all and im fine with that and i kinda get why . 
  your problem with tool is that they always make the same album ? 
  well that is a non existent problem cause i can tell you for sure they are all different albums . 
  just like mr mac lethal has the `` same '' albums , his songs are based on a beat , a simple riff and some rapping on top of that . 
  it 's his thing , just like tool have their own thing . 
  thats weird . 
  try replicating it with a friend and if it happens again post on the forums . 
  are you sure you are not playing flame imp ? 
  lol, 
  i 've been using it with a few friends and my brother during the beta . 
  the funny thing is that you use it to play games but when they have a cool multiplayer your friends will also want to play with you . 
  what ended up happening with me and my friends is that one of us had civ 5 and the others bought it to play online . 
  it 's a really good feature : ), 
  i installed the game 3 or 4 days ago . 
  it 's really cool , i 'd never played anything like this game ( never played diablo ) and really enjoyed it but stopped playing because of the constant desync . 
  is it just me or it 's a problem with the game ? 
  yeah , some people had already posted that `` feature '' of the game . 
  it 's something related to hit points and health being treated differently in game . 
  i would love to have a blizzard 's official guide to how this things work , including deathrattles , the trusilver + explosive trap thing , the attack buff + crazed alchemist making the attack a permanent health , etc. 
  gratz man !, 
  i hit 22 before the reset #swag #proud #hearthstonethings, 
  my doors lock after 5-10 minutes in a normal situation and in 15-20 seconds if i forgot my key in the ignition . 
  stomping noobs on rank 25 and posting about it . 
  like a boss . 
  why ? 
  blizzard has come out and said that there will be prizes for the ranks achieved in the season . 
  he conceded . 
  my mother and grandmother used to say that i would be a scientist one day because i really enjoyed everything nature and astronomy related . 
  so now i 'm taking a degree in electrical engineering and i totally hate it since i wanted to be a musician . 
  oh life , you so funny . 
  yeah but it makes sense in warlock because you can always tap for a card , but in druid you ca n't get cards like that , thats whats bugging me ... how do you deal with the card draw problem ? 
  yeah or a cold light oracle which is also a murloc, 
  bombay bicycle club , again !, 
  near miss - 50 points, 
  near miss - 50 points, 
  oncoming, 
  oncoming, 
  oncoming, 
  near miss - 50 points, 
  near miss - 50 points, 
  near miss - 50 points, 
  near miss - 50 points, 
  karma , bitch, 
  `` back off or we will throw at you all the spiders we have in our country ! '', 
  i would totally back off if i were russia . 
  we 've gone through this multiple times . 
  it 's not pay to win , it 's pay to save time . 
  bro thats the model of every good free to play game . 
  you do n't pay the 30 bucks to get it from the store but you have the in game transactions to compensate . 
  pay to win games are those in which you ca n't at all perform good against people who paid for certain items . 
  in this game not only you can get all the cards for free ( in exchange of a lot of time , thats the trade off ) but you can also get to compete with legend players with simple and cheap decks , just like trump and reynad showed . 
  you can craft cards as well . 
  dota and league are a completly different type of game , honestly i do n't think you can even compare . 
  but still i could say that lol 's system is simillar to hearthstone 's one , since you can pay for champions or grind your way to get them . 
  while both those games will give you most of the tools you need right of the bat , they still make tons of money with asthetics but right now hearthstone has nothing like that in game , how would they make money without anything available to buy ? 
  cards is the only way . 
  they could go down this route once skins , alternate card backs , etc are implemented but even then do you think they would do enough money to break their investment even ? 
  i do n't know , since in games like dota you have like 90 or 100 heroes each one with 5 or 6 slots of equippement that you can buy . 
  in lol it 's like 120 + champions and each one with 5 skins and those games are huge in the gaming community , the competitive scene is enormous and hearthstone is basically the game you play when you are queing up for a game of lol . 
  the system as it is is good , it allows players who want to pay to get things faster and players who wo n't pay to still have fun even though they might not do as well in ranked matches . 
  so how do you think they would make money with the game ? 
  cause at the end of the day it 's their job and they have to get paid for it . 
  you think they grow the money tree in the backyard and go there and collect the 100 bills every day ? 
  stop calling other people retards when you are clueless about what you are saying . 
  people who `` pay to win '' , as you say , are the ones who are giving blizzard money so you can play for free so think twice before talking shit out of your mouth . 
  is that huggy bear ? 
  finally someone in this thread who shares my opinion . 
  man drawing the line is awesome but it 's even better when you listen to the 2 songs before it without pauses . 
  great expectations and kneel and disconnect . 
  that piano in kneel and disconnect just gives me the chills every god damn time and everything ends up in a pure fucking masterpiece of a song that drawing the line is . 
  also - occam 's razor + the blind house are 2 of my all time favourite songs as well . 
  yap , if you are off to a good start maybe the algorithm will recognize it and will maybe match you up with players with more wins because it might seem balanced . 
  i remember a week in which i did 4 or 5 arenas and they started off really strong , basically 4-0 with every single one of them . 
  then i just got smashed every time , going 4-3 or 5-3 . 
  i mean i found it weird that it happened so many times ( 4 or 5 arenas are a lot of arenas to me lol ) but always assumed it was me missplaying . 
  it was against a mage so it 's ok . 
  what are the odds on this one ? 
  not a single grey one = o gratz man haha,
