  if you go to something a bit more difficult but still achievable , opeth have some amazing fingerstyle songs like [ hours of wealth ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tbq-b-iajza ) , [ coil ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kg4lutfloic ) or [ hope leaves ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pdfru0f9xsy ) . 
  other metal bands also have really good fingerstyle acoustic songs . 
  you can also do what i do which is my favourite thing and that is to take a song you like no matter what the style is and put it in acoustic . 
  this is a bit more trickier as you actually have to do an arrangement but a lot of the known songs already have at least a good acoustic cover . 
  my favourites to play right now are [ bohemian rhapsody ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nqxfggvx6rs ) ( still have n't gotten this one completed ) and [ your hand in mine ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0urhq_7q8is ) . 
  it also has little or nothing to do with skins . 
  thats how competitive games are , humans are pieces of shit specially when they are anonymous to others . 
  the second shot is a no scope wtf, 
  i really need to know if that / s was left out on purpose, 
  nah man , all cool , just making sure because i do read some weird shit in this site sometimes, 
  i think you are missing the point . 
  i cant just wait for some of my friends to climb up 2 or 3 ranks because honestly they cant do it . 
  the thing is i actually prefer to play with my friends , fuck me right ? 
  when they implement the change on rankings i will either completly stop playing or try to go down on purpose with my rank so i can once again play with them . 
  even if i try to go on casuals the skill level of the other team seems to be higher than if i play ranked , at least thats been happening over this week . 
  im telling you how casual works based on the times ive played that game mode after the reset . 
  its actually harder than ranked in most of the cases and when its not , you score two goals and one of them disconnects , its just not fun . 
  i just want you to understand the other side of the coin . 
  just like me i bet a shit ton of other people like to play a good game with their friends after a day of work . 
  ive played solo queue enough to know how shitty people are at challenger elite/rising star ranks , just giving up or talking shit and scoring own goals when you make one mistake or one play they did not agree with . 
  just like me i think some people with lower ranked friends might also feel the same , cant play unranked because people just leave , cant play ranked because of restrictions . 
  im not gon na derank though , i said that without thinking , its kinda shitty to the other people you are playing with . 
  i would even agree on them just putting us against people of the highest rank out of the party . 
  i just wan na play with my friends . 
  i cant believe you are actually trying to justify bugs in the code, 
  let me just put my codfish here on / r/soccer 's salt , ill come back to pick it up tomorrow, 
  we just keep breaking records, 
  ive already addressed that in my answers . 
  unranked feels unbalanced and its rare for me since the update to get good even games . 
  as soon as you score two or three goals they immediatly leave or other times you get stomped so then you have to get out to the main menu at the end of the match so you can hopefully find a new more balanced game . 
  it just feels like a worse version , rather than an alternative to ranked . 
  i get it that people dont enjoy being matched with players of really dispersed ranks , but i dont understand why cant they understand our end . 
  we just like to play with our friends . 
  make it so that those rank differences get punished by the matchmaking maybe , but dont make it impossible to do . 
  either that or make it so that the unranked mode is actually an alternative to ranked . 
  may i ask where in europe ? 
  i 've been looking on amazon but the lower i can find is like 550 $, 
  i wonder if the fact that some of those skins were involved in a lot of trabsactions because of these websites didnt lower their price . 
  i dont know much about economics , but i would assume the necessity of constant flow of skins would reduce their prices for the transactions to be made faster, 
  oh for sure , the first few days we will probably see the market being flooded with items which wilk bring their price down . 
  i was just wondering if there was more to it than just supply/demand, 
  i cant play against wraith . 
  when the monstrr guy picks it we all know its just gg . 
  when he uses the duplicate and both of them go super sayian we just melt, 
  there 's zombies in it . 
  i 'm sold, 
  does anyone know if it is a good idea to call a friend of mine who is in munich but i have no idea where exactly ? 
  if not , when should i do it ? 
  i dont know if lines are down/if he is in a sticky situation where his phone ringing would be awful/if im blocking the lines with unnecessary traffic and reducing the effectiveness of police or emergency units responses, 
  why not ? 
  what do you suggest to clean them ? 
  i opened my side panel and it 's sitting on 76\u00ba now but still ... 
  it does have shitty airflow and i fucking regret it everyday that i got this case , but there is not much i can do i believe as i only have space for 3 fans with the cpu cooler . 
  i will try to clean the gpu fans and improve the airflow as i can in the case . 
  yeah i 'm using the aio as exhaust but i only have two more intake fans and one of them is on top ... 
  i just dont have anymore room : /, 
  well i only have one intake fan because the case is shit and it 's 30\u00bac here so there 's that ... 
  anyway you think it ca n't be about the airflow ? 
  i 've been reading on my temps for a while and some people were having the same issue with the r9 390 ( my card ) and the 390x also from msi and they said that changing the thermal paste solved the issue . 
  but i have never done that before and i 'm kind afraid of fucking something up, 
  r9 390 and i 'm playing on 1080p . 
  as you can see from this print screen i 'm not even playing anything , the gpu got to 80\u00ba simply because it 's been one of the warmest days this year with temps around the 33/34 \u00bac . 
  but i 've been having high temps since forever and i actually came to the sub asking for suggestions a while ago . 
  in the summer , while playing cs go , the gpu will easily reach 87\u00ba . 
  on summer ? 
  no idea . 
  i 'm honestly afraid to play them, 
  i have a custom fan curve . 
  its one year old and yes , the fans spin up, 
  tried it now . 
  playing the division with the side panel open it 's reaching 96\u00bac ... 
  i 've been watching videos on this game since forever but i always told myself to not get the game while the cheating was as rampant as i was reading . 
  maybe i 'll get it after that update if the price is good !, 
  the only thing i question myself is the anti-cheat in itself . 
  is battle-eye really that good ? 
  i played the dayz mod a while ago and cheating was also heavy there , so much that you had to resort to whitelisted communities . 
  i also hate cheaters but to be fair if there is one thing that would make it an okayish thing is not being able to play without cheating and thats basically what 's happening with rural pogo players . 
  how the fuck do you charge 40 $ for a game without 1080p support ? 
  it 's so sad that it 's actually funny, 
  i already set up a usb device with a windows 10 install . 
  if i format my pc and install the os next week will it still work ? 
  i subbed today after having bought the game on sale in steam cause they finally introduced some real anti-cheat . 
  unfortunatly i started playing today and already found one sript kid haha but still better than cs . 
  do you guys happen to have some kind of group/thread where new guys like me can go to look for people to play with and/or ask some newbie questions ? 
  ah , i did not know that . 
  i 'll probably join the channel though , thanks for the tip . 
  do mar, 
  does n't that make it even worse ? 
  no fucking way i just witnessed this, 
  i also paid 30 $ for that game and i still feel robbed every day i think about it . 
  i actually got it yesterday on sale on gamesplanet uk . 
  i wonder if the sale had anything to do with it . 
  now that i read what i wrote yeah it 's kinda stupid haha what i meant is that a lot of people bought it as well . 
  i was reading the / r/gamesdeals thread and a lot of folks jumped on the opportunity so maybe that helped with it . 
  yeah , not sure if you usually watch cs tournments but the coaches were literally behind the 5 players and they could see every single perspective . 
  i would honestly say that they had as much impact as a normal player , because they could call out rotations and or strats on the fly based on the feedback they were given . 
  no fuckin clue why everyone on that subreddit hates the change but what is baffling me the most is that most pro players who already said something about it on twitter are also mostly against it . 
  if the game is 5v5 you need a dude who can call the shots , thats why they had in-game leaders . 
  some teams even ended up without their igl and got another fragger because the coach would basically fullfill that spot . 
  i disagree with you saying that it does not impact the outcome .
