  i would totally buy this if i had a 3ds, 
  i want to congratulate you but at the same time i want to insult you . 
  oh the bittersweet feelings . . 
  well they do have a lot of weapons so i guess the armor would minimize the damage dealth by minions when removing them but that is also kind of a control deck approach rather than an aggro one . 
  it 's a cool point of view the one in the article , never had given it any thought . 
  dark side of the moon, 
  10,000 days, 
  feathergun ( by rishloo , a prog metal band ), 
  disappointment ? 
  a guitar pick and a bunch of papers, 
  i have 2 guitars and i could still only afford a cheeseburger ... 
  fuckin fix you, 
  i 'm one of those guys . 
  i got into college right after high school and had no idea what i wanted to do with my life career wise and i actually think i still dont lol but its just that i saw it as my only way out . 
  i mean , now a days getting a job is harder and harder and everyone points that out to you , your parents , your teachers , even the media so you kinda feel obligated to take a degree if you want to succeed . 
  this was so fuckin deep craved in my head that when it came down to it i didnt even consider any other option than going to college . 
  there is actually a lot to say about this , but i will just leave here my 2 cents and avoid rambling, 
  and he lost one that he was going to win because he got dc 'd so karma . 
  fuck me , cairne , sylvannas and some top tier minions . 
  when you lose games thanks to the bug it is indeed game breaking . 
  not sure if it could be considered op , but yeah that uth + starving buzzard combo is pretty ridiculous since you get damage + cards . 
  but if lots of bots exist , then their mmr will drop because they keep losing vs real players . 
  eventually , their mmr will be so low that they will only play against other bots . 
  from there on they just split wins 50/50 and eventually reach the 100 gold cap . 
  not sure if it will balance the game but it will make it finally playable . 
  or just make your weapon like +2 atack as a deathrattle , but that would make it 's stealth kinda pointless . 
  `` game breaking bugs are severe bugs that cripple your ability to play the game involved . '', 
  - provided by the power of google . 
  and its down yet again . 
  anything spicy . 
  bombay bycicle club !, 
  yes and the thing i do n't get is that blizzard nerfed the shit out of mages cause they basically played with no minions on board and that made the game unfun , they nerfed warriors because they just stalled the game until they had their combo in hand . 
  they gave the reason that hearthstone should be a game in which you battle for board control to do those nerfs and now they reduce uth cost which basically means that it works with a passive that prevents you from having more than 2 minions on board at any time . 
  then there are the combos . 
  the stupid thing about the combos is that you do n't actually need to have all the cards in hand . 
  you just drop starving buzzard , play uth and you can draw the other cards you would need for the combo to work . 
  i know we can play around it , but this just makes up for some brainless decks that i am not a fan of . 
  free ancient of lore for me, 
  just like the thunderstruck track which was not recorded with only 2 guitars . 
  druid . 
  but for a start mage is pretty good as well , some basic spells that you get right of the bat . 
  trump , a very famous starcraft and now hearthstone streammer made it to legendary with a free control mage deck , you might wan na check it out . 
  `` if i can see it , why ca n't you guys on the internets see it too ? '', 
  i hate you . 
  i 've done this before . 
  actually i ca n't tell for sure because sometimes you will only be able to complete 3 , but others a 4th one will show up . 
  so imagine that you are off for 6 days , when you log in you will have 3 quests that you can complete and after that a 4th one will show up ( i suppose it is the daily quest from that day ) . 
  this is disturbing, 
  people need to read the article before posting shit . 
  wat thats like the best song in the album, 
  what do you mean contradictory ? 
  he will be with bohemia until dayz is finnished and then he will move on . 
  he said that he does n't think he has what it takes to be in a leadership role but he wo n't bail until this project is done . 
  well when i read that my interpretation was that right now he is the head of a team because he was successful with the mod . 
  basically he is obligated to be the big boss there . 
  probably with his new company he will want a more ad-ocracy style system , where everyone is at the same level in the hierarchy including himself ... but i get where you are comming from , if i ignore my interpretation and read it again it does indeed sound a bit contradictory . 
  * chickens, 
  yeah but thats the bit that people need to take from the article : he says that he will always be involved with the game somehow . 
  it 's hard for me to believe that he will finish developing the game and never ever care about it again . 
  thats not what dean has been showing to the community . 
  he is always there looking for feedback , answering questions , being part of streams , etc etc. 
  he is a really cool dev and it reflects the human being that we all believe he is so it would be really crushing if he completly ignored the people who have been supporting him this whole time and i do n't believe it will happen . 
  even if dean leaves the team , he will always be there for the community . 
  yeah but you are right when you find it contradictory because it is indeed . 
  i would like to hear from dean on this topic again , see if he could explain it better . 
  tool was the one i would like the most . 
  death . 
  one day we will disappear from this world forever . 
  its a mix of fear and curiosity at the same time . 
  i do n't like nutella . 
  yeah , come at me bros, 
  i did n't know haggrid played hs . 
  well it might be easy to deal with , but they often trade 2 for 1 minimum . 
  thats the real power of legendaries , they will often put you down in cards . 
  even though some of them might seem a bit overvalued , most of the ones currently used do offer some pain in the ass for the opponent do deal with . 
  damn it carl ... 
  well played . 
  opeth , opus dai , rishloo , lingua , fair to midland , prisma , riverside . 
  yeah tb did say at the very beggining of the gameplay that he would do side quests only to try and not spoil the story for anyone . 
  ** hearthsone is down !, 
  i was in the middle of an arena game and i was totally going to win !, 
  ** - it 's a rumour that the servers might go down when too many arena wins happen at the same time . 
  i think this is older than the internet . 
  i do n't know is why the re-roll mechanic is as it is . 
  i only play hs every other day and sometimes i get 3 quests accumulated . 
  you should be able to only re-roll one of them , makes no sense . 
  i just do n't get one thing : do n't they take any legal actions for striking a channel for no reason ? 
  i just do n't get one thing : do n't they take any legal actions for striking a channel for no reason ? 
  actually i think i suffer from a severe problem related to that . 
  i actually stopped playing arena because whenever i got to 5-6 wins i would just start getting really nervous about getting to 7 wins to break it even . 
  i stopped playing arena because of that and now i spend my gold in packs only . 
  it 's funny cause this happens in other games as well . 
  when i play dota it 's the same shit , i get all nervous about doing things right and completly lose my enjoyment of the game . 
  hey man you could post this to / r/customhearthston to help the subreddit to get more attention : ), 
  this is so good . 
  thats actually a great idea . 
  dalai lama from civ 5, 
  anything from ea games, 
  i got a pneumotorax while making a salad . 
  basically a bubble that was between my lung and the membrane that holds it blew up causing the air that was inside it to apply pressure on the lung causing it to seperate from that membrane .
