  lol if you concede you are actually doing what they are hoping you will do . 
  just do it like op , surf the net and when your turn comes just smash him . 
  if he is only armoring up you are probably still going to win on turn 7/8 max , and probably will take less time than playing one of those long control vs control games . 
  anyway , report it to blizzard . 
  in other thread someone said that they would take the information and from time to time ( at least in starcraft ) they ban a hand full of this accounts . 
  if everyone , or enough people think that way and concede , it will make bots viable and more of them will appear . 
  eventually , low rank matches will be like 50 % bots and 50 % people and i can only imagine how many more of them will be when the ranks reset ... 
  100 gold . 
  i do n't remember if it is a hidden quest or not , with the hidden ones you usually do n't get the message in the screen saying you have completed it , but this one i think you do . 
  also because the current meta includes the nasty rush hunter who often runs explosive trap which is great counter to defias . 
  someone should make a gif, 
  wtf he said recent artists ... 
  edit : now that i read the op 's post again i think i understand where he is getting , it 's just that the title is quite unfortunate since it misleads the point of the thread by quite a bit . 
  so thats why eu is always down ... 
  i can tell from experience that 85 gold is no where near what you would get for 0 wins , so i think it 's a bug that shows 0 wins but awards you according to the x wins you got . 
  i think it 's a little too many , but since you have 7 or 8 overload cards who knows ? 
  haha, 
  i just threw a bunch of charge guys in a hunter deck yesterday and so far it 's doing fine . 
  most of the cards you need are commons and are pretty cheap to get . 
  i do feel bad playing this kind of gameplay , but everything else i try i just get pooped on by guys with defender of argus , faceless and high tear cards including legendaries . 
  you got some nice top tier minions and a good overall curve so nothing to be surprised about . 
  usually people post here on reddit ridiculous drafts with like 6 swipes or 4 unleash the hounds or whatever and we often get in our heads that those type of decks are the winners , and usually it is right , but other ones like this can cut it as well . 
  this is the kind of shit i immediatly think of when people ask me if i concede or let the opponent kill me . 
  i concede because unfortunatly , 90 % of the online community is made of truly retarded people . 
  was n't that the time they got banned from holyday inn in one state ? 
  wow was not expecting somone to post asiwyfa here . 
  i came to post [ do n't waste time doing things you hate ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=31x0iugvqsk ) . 
  for some reason i just always smile while listening to this even though i 'm basically wasting my time doing things i hate most of my days . 
  i 'm still waiting . 
  do it like me , do n't play on ranked or even casual for the next 4 , 5 days . 
  you 'll just get stomped . 
  do some arenas or play with friends . 
  a friend of mine got into rank 10 with a basic priest deck . 
  only common cards that you get from getting to level 10 with the class and some that he got in packs , but are easily crafted for low amounts of dust . 
  however this is probably the max you will reach , from there on it is likely that you will find people that will beat you just for the sheer quality of the cards in their decks that allow favorable trades quite often . 
  to get the cards you need to be in the competitive ladder you will need to either grind a lot of arenas or just spend some bucks buying packs . 
  i do n't even know what shalamayne is and most likely those different heroes will only be available in the store , so it 's something that does not bother me at all . 
  and would that be a bad thing ? 
  same thing with me . 
  today drafted a shaman deck and got smashed by 3 hunters . 
  i felt they were so good that i gave it myself a try . 
  went 5-3 with it with a few goos hunter cards , but too much spells for my own good : /, 
  it 's between shaman and druid , but i just find shaman to be a really funny class to play : d, 
  oh look , 2 cards that are glowing green !, 
  that must mean i can play them !, 
  i would go 3-3, 
  and you got a grommash : p nice one dude . 
  i had a similar draft ( but had 3 truesilver and only 1 consecration ) and went 5-3 with it . 
  skill is something that i do n't have in huge quantity right now : /, 
  the conclusion to take from this : it will be a long long long long time before i can even think about going to the ranked ladder . 
  where will you be when the acid hits ? 
  the alextrasza + eye for an eye play that i saw yesterday in an episode of the top 5 plays . 
  little girl is just sick \\ m /, 
  if you like this guys i recommend you checking out japandroids and deap vally , not exactly the same style but also very good rock duos ; ), 
  10/10 , would move in, 
  of monsters and men . 
  and try [ this ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=btnnzm9jiug ) . 
  the other songs of the album are quite different from that , but it 's probably one of the best male and female duos i 've heard . 
  report it . 
  go to their forums , i do n't know if they have a specific thread for it and leave there the gamer tag . 
  conclusion : fuck mages . 
  far sight is actually quite a weak card , better luck next time . 
  one of the world 's most mediatic events has pre-recorded tracks ? 
  in other news , the world is round . 
  the best instrumental rock band out there . 
  believe me , i listen to a lot of those . 
  their self titled album is a fuckin masterpiece and gangs is just poweeeer from the beggining to the end . 
  what was the difference between sixaxis and dualshock 3 ? 
  so , where did the pineapple come from ? 
  in the episode ted got drunk and woke up with one in his desk if i recall correctly . 
  [ upcdowncleftcrightcabc + start - agent cooper ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yfofa_55ibc ), 
  he reads `` summon a 3/3 wtv to your opponent '' and thinks `` oh shit , he is my opponent , better silence this ! '', 
  hearthstone , the skill game . 
  what do you mean `` improve taste in music '' ? 
  i do n't think that is even possible . 
  one likes what he likes , and that is it . 
  you can try and find new bands , songs , etc and eventually you will even enjoy them , but if you do n't you ca n't feel bad about it , it 's your taste and thats what you like to hear , which is the ultimate goal in music : self enjoyment . 
  if you like it listen to it . 
  p.s : this is coming from somone who has a `` good taste '' in music . 
  thats exactly what i said , i do n't think there is and i do n't even think it can be considered as education . 
  try and listen to some more pop rock bands maybe , you know the u2 , green day scene and stuff more commercial . 
  if you like it go from there on and if you do n't , try other genres , some indie maybe . 
  i started out by listening to some bad shit like shakira and akon . 
  good old days haha and from there on i went on to find some other songs that i enjoyed . 
  for those who do n't know this is the lateralus album songs in a different order . 
  the new order is based in the fibonnacci sequence that was in lateralus song and some lyrics in lateralus itself , parabola , so on . 
  it 's fuckin amazing to be honest , it 's a album within an album and the transition from schism to tricks and leeches gives me the chills everytime . 
  but then again , most tool songs still do . 
  is this legit ? 
  a viable way to play it would be to mulligan it from your starting hand and hoping it to never ever ever ever ever ever be drawn . 
  funny thing about raynads clip is that the song he his listening to is called ocean breathes salty . 
  how appropriate . 
  thanks for the correction !, 
  without a face - rage against the machine, 
  smashing of the amps - jimi hendrix ( live at royal albert hall ), 
  animalize - airbourne, 
  home - foo fighters, 
  o green world - gorillaz, 
  ai n't no grave - johnny cash, 
  grandfather clock - this will destroy you,
