  just one question . 
  is n't this public `` teaching '' a bit bad for your own system ? 
  i mean you are basically explaining how it works and probably a lot of people will find a way around it ... 
  do n't get me wrong , i love valve , steam and have been with you guys for over 6 years now , but on one hand there is the good of explaining this and clarifying what is going on and on the other hand there is the bad that such explanation brings . 
  as a fan of the genre , this is good : ), 
  tool - lateralus ( the album ) . 
  yes it is not a painting or a sculpture , but it is probably the best piece of art i 've come across over the years . 
  if you do n't enjoy it/don ' t understand it there is no point in trying , but if you do , man will your inner view change . 
  what i find funny about this is the constant `` real job '' references . 
  what is a real job ? 
  how is this any different from a food critic , art critic or even a product manager ? 
  tb and boogie are here to review shit so you know what to expect . 
  they put 12 hours a day every day of every week of every month of the year and you say `` go get a real job '' ? 
  like what ? 
  like selling burgers ? 
  like fuckin doing jack shit the entire day in your office , pretending to be doing some good to anyone ? 
  people do n't get this because they use internet as an hobby . 
  they spend 4 hours a day sitting in front of their pc just watching funny shit , to get entertained . 
  they forget that someone out there is entertaining them and for that they have to put work into it . 
  it 's easy to say this is the epitome of the first world problems when you see internet as a hobby , rather than a job and this job is no different from any other and the problems it brings to people are no different from any stress problems you would get in your day to day `` real job '' . 
  yes . 
  i have an asus with a gt630 , i7 3610q and 6gb of ram and i run it fine . 
  you might have to lower some shit in the video settings like i did , but you will still be able to run it with decent fps i believe . 
  yap i installed the beta and i could n't play a single bit of the game . 
  my weapon would n't even show up , it was just this weird artifacts all over the place . 
  i did not know it was running with my integrated graphics , but it does n't really make any sense at all that it would ... 
  that game against the hunter was so bad . 
  playing around explosive trap is fine , you pretty much had to do it , but you could have silenced the knife jugler and hope your knife jugler hit the knife in the enemies one and finish it off with the fireblast . 
  then playing a razorfen hunter against a hunter just does n't make any sense , he was clearly holding on the combo to finish you off with the unleash the hounds and you gave him 2 more dogs . 
  it was a cool episode , do n't get me wrong , but i think that a lot of your choices in game and in the draft are quite bad bro : /, 
  did you read the rest of it ? 
  there is a difference between being stupid and being helpful . 
  like i said , i like the series , i 've watched all episodes i believe and tb needs some better decision making capacities sometimes , he says it himself for fuck sake . 
  i like the dude a lot and im trying to help . 
  i do n't get why we ca n't attack our own minions as well . 
  mage , for exemple , has the deal 1 damage hero ability that would have allowed to kill the gnome . 
  the other classes with weapons should be able to do it as well . 
  i suppose i could have been a bit more polite , but it was the truth . 
  this game is more about knowing what your opponent will play than anything else and sometimes tb does not take that into account . 
  i 'm just trying to give him a friendly reminder so he does n't do the same mistake twice . 
  what about svefn-g-englar ? 
  get the chills every time i listen to it . 
  every day of my life for the rest of it i will prefer a good 3 hour drunk talk with some cool dude about the universe and life and shit over any girl . 
  sure , and then i 'll be 1 month sleeping 2 hours a night thanks to the subsequent back pain . 
  `` repugnant is a creature who would squander the ability to lift an eye to heaven conscious of it 's fleeting time here '' - tool - right in two . 
  from the ritz to the rubble - arctic monkeys in wpsiatwin, 
  what the hell . 
  `` finding and expressing her sexual identity '' is the metafor this days for selling an album based on promiscuous clips ? 
  yap , she is obviously selling her albums and being in the front page of the tabloids because of her great music . 
  i just find it sad that now a days this is what sells music . 
  because life is a resource . 
  you trade life for board control and card advantage . 
  it might seem a good idea to start off by dealing 2 damage to the enemy 's face on turn one . 
  but then he will play a 3/2 minion that you have no answer for and he will deal 3 damage on you . 
  you are effectively losing a card for no reason and you are still taking more damage than you can deal . 
  just play some games against real people and watch some youtube videos . 
  you will soon understand why most people will play control decks rather than aggro ones when they first start playing . 
  she is obviously taking advantage of her sexuality and it is obviously working , so why not ? 
  it 's not different from any other generation because this is the pop culture that came in the 80 's , the sex appeal , the provocative clothing , the controversial moves - thats what deifines it . 
  back then there was still some cool lyrics and some catchy songs but now a days its just bland . 
  it 's just that i have much more respect for those who sell their music for the music itself . 
  yes i also find them a bit time consuming and it does n't seem game breaking until you play nozdormu . 
  there is a video of 2 guys playing against each other with a nozdormu on the board and they literally ca n't take their turns , the time it takes for the animations to complete is their entire turn time , so it goes to the next player without them being able to do anything . 
  it 's impossible to listen to this ... and not shake your head all the way through . 
  if you think that most of your matchups are being against aggro decks , maybe you need to add some aoe or some sunfuries and defenders of argus . 
  once you start going against more control decks you change it back to what it was . 
  it 's all about changing your deck acording to what you are facing the most . 
  it sucks . 
  priest . 
  it 's just so boring , the games take forever . 
  it 's not even that good in the current meta , but when you are fresh to the game and are basically playing standard decks you can get crushed quite easily by them , it happened to me when i first started . 
  now i just use it if i really have to . 
  the hunger games . 
  the thing is the movie actually has a good concept behind it , but it 's so predictible its not even funny . 
  hollywood always does this shit , they get good concepts and ruin them with some boring romantic stuff . 
  agreed . 
  the first one actually surprised me since i was expecting just random slaughtering and non sense . 
  it actually tells a well written story and the second one is amazing as well . 
  from there on it 's just plain stupidity to appeal to the masses . 
  tb needs some vacation , thats it . 
  loosen up his mind , then come back . 
  it 's our time to shine reddit !, 
  yeah i know but it is not a direct copy of the book . 
  they could move around with some things to make it more interesting ( for people like me ) but then it would probably not be a blockbuster . 
  because for a game to be part of the competitive scene there needs to be people who watch it which is usually people who play the game themselves . 
  you do n't see that many people playing ro2 or insurgency so it would mean that there would not be that many people watching it . 
  two much, 
  well , johnny cash 's cover of hurt is inevitable . 
  soon to be 2 . 
  this is the most funny hearthstone series i 've ever watched xd, 
  blitz mode , that would be good . 
  so i 've played counter strike 1.6 and condition zero for probably 3 , 4 years . 
  i never did it competitively but i did participate in some pcw 's . 
  have n't played cs for probably 3 years now and i am reading some awesome comments about go and the way it is heading . 
  should i buy it ? 
  how do you have no gf if you have these draw skills ? 
  the world is so fucked up, 
  what is the difference between the weapons now ? 
  i mean if you play the most played maps ( inferno , dust 2 , assault , etc ) wo n't the m4/ak and the sniper rifles still be the best weapons ? 
  what changed to make pdw 's now work for exemple ?
