  what actually happened is that i had a god damn brainfart and i switch the power button the wrong way , effectively opening the circuit and not allowing the tension to feed the pedal . 
  thank you for the help , i will now try it with the guitar when i can and i 'll report back !, 
  yup , i get the exact same patterns , i5 4690k , r9 390 and running win7, 
  you have the same issue as well ? 
  wow !, 
  wow !, 
  great pass !, 
  i upvoted all of you to check if it was true, 
   doing what you suggested will eat up most of the time between matches already, 
  the fuck ? 
  it literally takes less than a second . 
  sure i would love for them to put the option right on the ending game menu , but still ... 
  the best one i 've seen so far in this tournment !, 
  hey guys . 
  i 've been buying games on the steam sale for my brother 's birthday but this year it 's a bit of a poo one . 
  he has a really shitty computer , last time i bought him rocket league for christmas and it barely runs it at 60 fps . 
  does anyone know of any really not demanding game that i could offer him ? 
  he plays mainly cs : go ( which i bought him ) and league of legends . 
  thanks !, 
  i bought splinter cell blacklist like a year an a half for 75 % off too . 
  the discounts really are getting worse but they made such a huge deal with their sales that they are now worldwide know so they will still cash in . 
  it 's actually genius . 
  it 's like saying `` i 've crossed the highway on foot multiple times and never got ran over so it 's perfectly safe '' . 
  sweet , i can even get an update on music through / r/soccer , why have n't i come here more often before, 
  same thing on gamers nexus ... 
  i wonder why . 
  i think they said around 150w, 
  jayztwocents has the 390 and so do other reviewers and it 's a good reference point to go by . 
  it had around 5 fps more than the 480 in most of the games . 
  i do n't know man . 
  i can order an r9 390 from amazon uk right now for 300 $, 
  this always happens when new cards come out . 
  like you said , the 970 came out 2 years ago . 
  2 years . 
  obviously its gon na cost a lot less now . 
  i believe you have to compare the price of the 480 on release with the price of the 970 on release to get the full picture and price/performance down . 
  in two years from now the 480 will probably be a lot cheaper as well . 
  not trying to defend them though , i still feel the card is good for its price point but im not sure its the revolution everyone was expecting . 
  how is planetary annihilation : titans ? 
  seems like a cool little game to try . 
  my only rts game was company of heroes 2 and i kinda enjoyed it but it felt a bit unfriendly so to speak to newer players to the genre . 
  that 's / r/pcgaming for you . 
  it 's not about games and the joy of playing games , it 's about the drama and who is the next guy i can blame for x and y. 
  and on that bombshell ... 
  man ... should i be worried that my msi r9 390 goes over 85\u00ba regularly when playing demanding games ? 
  stock ... 
  yeah , im thinking the same but the card is gon na make one year now in july ... 
  i have two intake fans and one exhaust one . 
  sure it 's summer time now and the temps are around 32\u00bac here , but still ... 
  well when i first got it i also looked around the internet to see if everyone was having the same temps that i was and indeed they were , so i was kinda reliefed . 
  but now i keep reading about cards going on full throttle and staying under 80\u00ba and mine can almost hit 90 while playing the division ... 
  yeah . 
  but if i open it and put thermal paste myself wo n't i break the warranty ? 
  yes , i clean it like every three months ... how do you go about cleaning yours ? 
  air can ? 
  people get the games before they go on flash sales -  they go on flash sales -  people refund the games because they can buy them cheaper now . 
  steam actually came out and said that this was a valid refunding reason . 
  i have a zalman z12 plus which only has 2 intake fans and one exhaust . 
  it 's summer here , which makes the room quite hot actually . 
  it 's probably around 28-30\u00ba outside . 
  in the winter though the card can also easily get to 80\u00ba . 
  i already have a custom fan profile but it does not help that much . 
  the fans are fine and i clean the gpu every once in a while . 
  my air flow is probably not the best , since my case is a bit wonky and i only have room for 3 fans plus the cpu cooler , not much i can do in that regard i believe : (, 
  the problem is i do n't have space for anymore fans : /, 
  what is the tim ? 
  thermal paste ? 
  i will try to run it without the side panel . 
  if it indeed improves i can assume it 's an airflow problem ? 
  ah thanks . 
  i was under the impression i would lose my warranty if i did this , is it true ? 
  ah well , that 's not very good is it ? 
  how exactly did he `` voided his argument '' ? 
  because he did play those games himself ? 
  if a burglar said stealing is a bad thing his argument would be wrong because he did the opposite ? 
  sure the thing should be looked at , i 'm not even gon na argue against that as i totally support it but the fact that everyone is immediatly jumping to the underage gambling as if they knew the heavy majority of the people doing it are under 18 and then blaming valve on it without even questioning the parents seems a bit odd . 
  the internet brought a lot of ease of access to certain things . 
  shit like this is really really hard to control without breaking into your private user space , specially when it works with dozens of different countries in different continents . 
  yeah , thank you . 
  i 'm gon na try and e-mail msi to see if it would void the warranty . 
  meanwhile i will remove the side panel and see what happens . 
  thanks for the help !, 
  well i just got in touch with an msi guy and they said i could change the thermal paste and that it would n't null the warranty . 
  i will try to remove the side panel first though , i 'm afraid of actually changing the paste since i 've never done anything like that before . 
  i have n't noticed anything like this yet on this update , but after the last one there was definitely an increase in the lag . 
  every other game i see players challenging the ball , whiffing , but on my end i see them hitting the ball but the ball continues the path it had before . 
  it did n't happen nearly as often in the previous one . 
  `` worst matchmaking ever , hate the arenas , hate the game modes , hate the dlc , hate the community '', 
  why dont you just go play something else and stop whinning since clearly this game isnt suited for you ? 
  how the fuck do you people do that ? 
  i still might have an exam around 20 of july and i start my semester in early september, 
  but thats basically how it is on my uni as well . 
  we end the first semester around the 20th of december and we have like an in between period of 2 months reserved for exams and an extra subject meant to develop the so called `` soft skills '' . 
  so the semester started in early march after a full month of work , and ended around mid june , also with those weeks of death where we have all the tests and dues to deliver , plus the reports on said dues . 
  because we have the tests to do we then have only one exam phase as an alternative if you fail the subject inn mid june/early july . 
  they call this the `` continuous evaluation method '' ... ironic isnt it ? 
  not sure if you are into it but jack johnson has some good acoustic songs that go really good with a fingerstyle arrangement . 
  other than that you have of monsters and man in the same vein , dirty paws is a really easy and really good kinda fingerstyle song . 
  besides this more folky/surfer style songs you have the classic ones that everyone starts with when they want to fingerstyle like [ is there anybody out there ? 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fnlhxkpfcna ) ( go to 1:15 to see what i mean ) or tears in heaven .
