  was it your first time building ? 
  i 'm about to go out and buy the parts for my new computer and i 'm as nervous as one can get haha, 
  if you have your account for 13 years ( steam was publicly announced in 2002 ) you bought 1,05 games per day . 
  no , it 's not . 
  i will check how to do one , i do n't think the card being at 60\u00ba while idle is that good for its health : /, 
  is it fine for the gpu to be at 60\u00ba ? 
  i was just wondering what would be better in the long run , to have the card running at 60\u00ba idle or having the fans working to get it to 40\u00ba ... 
  no load , i tried that and i can bring it down to 40-45\u00ba . 
  what would good temps be in full load ? 
  im reaching almost 80\u00ba now , isnt that too hot ? 
  thanks , its my first time building a computer so i am really aprehensive about temperatures and the way the system is running . 
  just wanted to make sure . 
  i did not check that yet . 
  no , im pretty sure it 's just fine . 
  i was reading the forums about it and everyone is kinda in the same boat , the way msi designed it is supposed to hit these kinda temperatures . 
  on full load the temps go up by 10-15\u00ba so the cooler is doing it 's work . 
  i also created the fan profile but im just not sure if it is worth it as i think msi designed this feature to extend the lifetime of the cooler . 
  i do n't think i have kombuster , but my temps on idle go from 57-61\u00ba and playing crysis and battlefield 3 on ultra is pushing the temps to about 76\u00ba . 
  people with the twin frozr cooler have their temps on the low 30 's on idle though . 
  the low idle temps are from people with the twin frozr cooler . 
  however in our version of the card , msi decided to.include this fan feature that will only go off while under stress . 
  i guess it just saves energy , doesnt wear off the fans so fast and makes it quieter . 
  hey how are your temperatures with the 390 ? 
  fuckin od , not even in real life he can stay relevant, 
  ok . how do i request with though ? 
  i ca n't do it through the normal refund request ... 
  ok i will try that , thanks for the help !, 
  it 's the game . 
  i have a 4690k and an r9 390 and every once in a while i get drops to ~ 40 fps and it stays there flutuating between 40 and 60 . 
  eventually it goes back up to the 100 's so i would say it 's the game itself . 
  i built mine 3 days ago after 5 years of laptop gaming and about other 5 of console gaming before that . 
  i used to click the power button on my laptop , go take a piss , come back to write the password , go eat something and then come back to use it . 
  now i do n't even have time to sneeze before it 's all ready to go . 
  de facto refuta o que disseste . 
  it 's what everyone is advising me to get but it does n't work . 
  i have a r9 390 and windows 7 . 
  i was reading about it and another way to do it is using msi afterburner and an encoder . 
  i might try that way instead . 
  i was going to use this thing `` vfw compression : riva tuner video codec '' . 
  is it any good ? 
  ok thanks . 
  do you know a trust worthy website where i can download that from ? 
  every one that i find on google sounds really fishy . 
  can you tell me what i need to download to get this to work ? 
  i 'm reading [ this website ] ( https://obsproject.com/forum/threads/obs-branch-with-amd-vce-support.13996/ ) but i ca n't understand what i 'm supposed to be installing or not . 
  thank you !, 
  i do n't even have a fan curve at all , i left it as it came as i read comments saying that msi designed the card that way so the cooler has an extended lifetime . 
  well i actually have a water cooler , the corsair h75 , which is why i thought those temps were a bit high but right now , with only chrome opened with this reddit tab the cpu its at 35\u00ba and it 's summer here . 
  the thing is once i load up a stream it goes to 45-50 , but i guess thats normal as im constantly downloading data ? 
  i just wanted to make sure . 
  oh and my case is a zalman z12 plus . 
  thanks . 
  i tried to follow their instructions but i get this error http://prntscr.com/7u059e and if i click `` ok '' it does n't let me select the vce option : /, 
  i had to install both the 64 bit and 32 bit version of the visual studio . 
  now my problem is another , everytime i try to record it says that i did not add any source even though i 've already installed the video source plugin ... any idea ? 
  never went above 70\u00ba . 
  im trying to record a game but when i press the key that i keybinded to start recording i still get that message , not sure how to choose the source . 
  nevermind , [ i 'll try something else ] ( http://prntscr.com/7u4xs9 ), 
  it also has a problem and doesnt allow me to record haha im trying with msi afterburner but the file sizes are out of this world, 
  do you know where i can download the x264 ? 
  i tried installing it from a website i found on google but i dont get thw plugin option to select it on msi afterburner nor obs, 
  yes , i think i have all the drivers up to date . 
  i do n't have the x264 option on either obs or msi afterburner , do n't really know what the problem is then ... 
  i got the msi one . 
  the only downs i have to it is the 60\u00ba idle temp and it 's a tiny bit noisy when the fans start working . 
  the temps you can solve by adding a fan curve , the noise is noticeble but not that loud . 
  other than that it 's been cheweing everything i throw at it , it 's a beast of a card . 
  thought it might help . 
  i have this amazing extension that blocks youtube comments . 
  i 'm pretty sure it has saved me several million neurons . 
  earth spirit . 
  it 's just so much fun kicking boulders around but i miss every single spell and usually drop all 6 stones before using any spell with them . 
  so sad . 
  really ? 
  i can clearly hear it when the fans kick in during a game, 
  i have the same card !, 
  also my amd first , but my cable management is pure shit , so no point in taking photos . 
  hope you enjoy it , it 's a beast . 
  by the way can you tell me your temps on idle ? 
  yeah , it 's not that loud but you can indeed feel the difference, 
  yup , same as me . 
  on full load it never went above 80 though . 
  worth a try !, 
   and cig 's excuse was , to paraphrase , `` if we let everybody fly everything without paying , everybody would only use the best ships , '' which happened anyway . 
  wait what ? 
  thats the developers job , to balance the game so that things like that wo n't happen . 
  how does locking ships behind paywalls suddenly makes it balanced ? 
  are you sure it is lag and not fps drops ? 
  it comes down do 3.5 vs 8 gb of vram . 
  8gb is held as a more futureproof option if you usually buy games as they come out since it will be likely that future games will use more vram and gta 5 right now is coming close to using all full 3.5 gb of the nvidia card . 
  other than that keep in mind that the amd card is more power hungry , is hotter and amd is going through some rough times right now which i have no idea if will influence anything in future drivers and consummer support . 
  both cards have very similar performance on 1080p , so you should be fine with either one . 
  i have an msi r9 390 myself and so far its been doing great . 
  are you connected with ethernet or wireless ? 
  it could be that your wireless receptor is fucked or something like that . 
  usually wireless will get much worse speeds and is more likely to get wobbly performance . 
  try connecting with an ethernet cable to see if the problem persists . 
  fuckin steam bullish, 
  dont know , im not a psychic nor a game dev but this time last year 2gb vram was also enough and look at where we are now, 
  top kek,
