  porcupine tree - voyage 34 ( the complete trip ), 
  there is no teamplay in hs indeed . 
  for that very reason i think an in game chat is not necessary . 
  like you said it would just be used to flame and bming . 
  damn it , now that i was 52-1 in arena and was going to win my 53rd game . 
  friday i took my laptop to the university to go to some classes and connected it to the wireless network there . 
  battle.net starts automatically so it was there in the background trying to connect and i never gave a crap about it . 
  when i get home it says that i have to change my password because it changed network and i had to prove it was my account . 
  so i try to change my password and i have to answer the security question . 
  what security question ?!, 
  how da fuq am i supposed to remember that shit ? 
  why ca n't you just email me , to my fuckin mail which is protected by my password which no one else knows ? 
  thats what mails are for . 
  and then its a piece of software like this to every game i play . 
  it 's one for hearthstone , one for battlefield , one for war thunder , one for planetside , steam , etc. 
  come on , now a days they spend more time developping clients than developping the shitty games they release ( i 'm looking at you ea ) . 
  yeah i know but its frustrating . 
  it 's 2014 , you would guess that people are aware of the things going on the internet and that they are supposed to have different passwords to different things . 
  dafuq did i just read, 
  well i get where people come from when they say arma 2 can be boring and dayz as well . 
  but then you have the other side of the coin . 
  because it is such a slow paced game and purely based on positioning to get the better out of your opponent , every encounter with an enemy player in that game gives you a rush of adrenaline that you ca n't experience in any other title . 
  thats the awesome thing about arma and thats what kept me there playing 400 + hours of that game . 
  yeah yeah i totally get it . 
  i just said that i think it 's perfectly acceptable for people to find arma kinda boring because it is indeed really slow paced . 
  it 's just that i do n't think it is the best exemple for the situation op raised . 
  i can tell you that the supression mechanic in battlefield is a `` realistic '' addition to the game that actually adds nothing , but rather takes away skill involved in counter fighting an opponent . 
  try saying that in his sub reddit . 
  his videos are awesome to watch , no doubt about that , i laughed my ass off watching lord of the legendaries . 
  i c what you did there . 
  you have a control warrior deck being played in the ladder with those 2 legendaries . 
  it is the one that makes the warrior at some point of the game have like 20 or 30 armor lol not sure if you know it . 
  they also use cairne , ragnaros , pagle ( ? 
  not sure if they still use it after the nerf ) , etc but i guess you could replace rag for an ogre , pagle for another card drawer and cairne ... well cairne is cairne , there is not much out there that outright replaces it but i guess a faceless you do the job ? 
  not sure . 
  have you even played a controll deck before ? 
  not only do you have to consider your cards but also your opponents cards . 
  you have to predict and counter plays before they happen . 
  hunter ? 
  you just have to count how much damage you can do with the available mana . 
  when i 'm on the terrorist team and we win 2 rounds in a row and half of them buy awp and sit in the spawn scoping double doors . 
  well that is disappointing : / i was really hoping i could see a build running on an ipad . 
  this is just the game as it is right now . 
  sort of a control druid . 
  i have 0 legendaries so i 'm running the poor man 's deck with 2 ancient of lores being my mvp 's . 
  frostbolt : deal 3 damage to a character and destroy it . 
  turn 2 frostbolt to the face . 
  i wonder ... 
  stormwind synergizes with the totems . 
  when you have no legendaries , it 's a solid card to serve as some sort of replacement . 
  man i wish blizzard could add this information in game , it 's so frustrating never knowing when the season will end . 
  were you able to solve this problem ? 
  it 's happening the same to me . 
  why the fuck does this have 10k downvotes ? 
  are people actually that selfish ? 
  once they finish the port to android and release it my life is over . 
  any song by and so i watch you from afar . 
  those guys are brilliant . 
  if lol is not pay to win ( which i do n't think it is ) dota is no where near pay to win . 
  you actually get all the heroes unlocked for the first time you play the game . 
  that girl is just fuckin outstanding . 
  those vocals are right up there along side with the vocals on the grat gig in the sky imo . 
  you do n't need skill , you need time to grind . 
  with hunter , that time gets reduced drastically . 
  well i only play casual now because i do n't feel comfortable yet with the game mechanics to go ranked since this game is kinda different from previous counter-strike titles . 
  i can tell you that about 60-70 % of the games i play are on dust 2 , 20-30 % are inferno and every once in a while i get to play other map . 
  the problem is : when i play against miracle rogue and they do the shadowstep things and draw an insane amount of cards to win the game i 'm like yap , that was good , i probably could n't do it without my timer running out . 
  when i play against handlock and they win because they play both molten with defender/sunfury i 'm like yeah maybe i should n't have attacked and hoped to get lethal the turn after . 
  and so on with most of control and some of the rush decks . 
  however , when i play against hunter , i ` ts a doomed if you do and doomed if you do n't situation . 
  if you do n't play minions , the chargers and hero ability + weapon + explosive traps + kill comands end you in 5/6 turns . 
  if you play minions unleash the hounds and all the other things previously said end you . 
  then comes the popular counter `` oh , play taunts '' . 
  come on , no one runs a deck entirely made of taunts , and those 4 initial cards that you draw need to be the exact ones you need to stop them and still they could easily win with some hunter 's mark and missdirection . 
  a friend of mine bought go when it first came out and has been playing ever since . 
  i bought it a few weeks ago so he created a smurf to play with me and teach me some things . 
  we are not playing ranked , but thats one reason why . 
  but you have no time for baits . 
  the only thing you can do is indeed put down taunts and hope . 
  if you are playing a control deck chances are you will only start playing minions on turn 2 or even 3 if you are unlucky with your initial draw . 
  there simply is n't time to bait and if you play around you end up dying because they put down a stupid 1 mana creature , play kill command , and go for your face with the weapon . 
  boom , 8 damage minimum on turn 4 if they have nothing on the board . 
  that is so true !, 
  i 've seen it happen some times and its actually an interesting thing to watch . 
  pretty weird that they need to know someone else 's vote to base their vote on, 
  on one hand i totally agree that priest isnt even near any of the top tier classes/decks to play on ranked ladder and as a result it would need a buff . 
  on the other hand i hope it doesnt because when their gimmicks work , god damn are they a pain in the ass . 
  i know this is kinda selfish , but i find priest to be the most guaratinga class to play against in this game, 
  so i guess this is the limit, 
  their heartherinos will be misserinod . 
  i think hunters need a buff . 
  so in the ipad and future android versions of this game will we need to log in the battle.net client to play the game ? 
  because it is blocked in my university and there does n't seem to be a way to work around it : /, 
  violets money, 
  knife violets, 
  im knife, 
  buy, 
  andrew mailloux , the singer in rishloo . 
  i would have done the same play simply because it would be lethal next turn with the argent commander + another swing from the truesilver . 
  `` are you left handed ? '',
