  if you could think about that the next time you get your sponsors it would be great cause a lot of shady and downright bad businesses are getting into the esports scene at an alarming rate . 
  tool . 
  ok so i was about to create a thread here but i might just ask it in this one . 
  i am an european dude who wants to build a kinda cheap ( 600-700 $ ) gaming pc that is kinda preped to get hardware updates in the near future ( 4/5 years ) . 
  what should i be looking at ? 
  should i order parts from abroad or should i just buy them in my country on the cheapest store i can find ? 
  and what parts should those be ? 
  thanks !, 
  thanks , ill check that out . 
  how much is a second hand looper ? 
  rip hearthstone na faculdade, 
  i respect your opinion but i ca n't agree with the opeth part . 
  people get so mad when artists change their style , yet it 's incredibly difficult to do such thing without losing your roots and opeth manage to do so . 
  i love every bit of their albums but i do n't expect the same feelings out of every of them , every single one has it 's own mood you have to be in to hear it . 
  i also think that between heritage and pale communion , the first is weaker , although still a great album for me at least , but im a bit biased since i really fuckin like steven wilson . 
  however i can see why you think that way and it 's fine with me , thank fuck we do n't all like the same things . 
  yup !, 
  i wan na spend more time on the custumization shop than i want to listen the cut scenes introduced to try and somehow make a coherent story that i know will be plain shit . 
  if they make it along the lines of most wanted , im a happy dude but i know ill probably pick this up anyway for nostalgia alone . 
  i came, 
  anything by tool . 
  danny carey is just amazing . 
  so i went around asking a few things about a build that im thinking of doing this summer , it will be the first one and i have three questions for you guys :, 
  - overclocking . 
  the only reason you would do this would be to crank your pc to the max it can get right ? 
  im kind of a patient gamer and i dont have that many games which are hard on the specs but would an i5 4590 be able to run most of the games being released now or is a 4690k worth the price difference ? 
  - cooling . 
  if i get a processor that i wont overclock would i need extra cooling ? 
  what about if i do overclock ? 
  and what would the ideal cooler be ? 
  - prices . 
  someone told me that the next gen of processors is coming to the end of this year . 
  should i wait until then to get a new processor ? 
  will the prices get lower if it happens ? 
  thanks guys . 
  thanks man . 
  even if i find that it is indeed a bit loud i can get the cooler a couple months later or do i need to install ir immediatly after i install the cpu ? 
  on top of that what do you think would be the right motherboard for that cpu and a gtx960 considering that i might upgrade some things in 5 years maybe ? 
  i 've seen a much better clip than this one , i think it was recorded on his pov during the game . 
  gon na try and find it . 
  [ here it is ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fng0a_te72e ) , but it does n't show the first kill . 
  i 'm not sure op 's words will be better than watching a video if you are trying to know what it sounded like . 
  thats a really poor comparison though . 
  comparing a fiat to a ferrari is stupid . 
  you can take your ferrari to race , track days , to expositions , ferrari meetings , whatever and you actively go faster in a ferrari , people who say that driving it is the same as driving a fiat panda because the speed limit is the same just completly miss the point or have never driven different cars before in their lives . 
  thats why the comparison is shit even though his point makes sense . 
  the best comparison i 've seen yet is that skins in cs are like clothes for barbies . 
  that 's literally what they are , you just get them to show off to your friends and brag about it . 
  i guess opening cases is actually really cool , but if you just buy skins from the market then yeah you only do it to show off . 
  but i 've spent 500h in go , i have 700 more in other counter strike titles why the fuck would i not buy skins ? 
  i like it and thats all that matters . 
  tl ; dr : i agree with his point , but the comparison is shit . 
  i agree with your point actually , i just thought the comparison was bad because there is much more than that in driving different cars . 
  however we do what the fuck we want with our money and if i like skins why would i not buy them ? 
  if money is not a problem , hiring more people to work for your company should not be either . 
  and how exactly did you get to that conclusion ? 
  you are telling me that you can conclude that i have never worked in my life by reading a post of mine but i ca n't conclude that valve is understaffed when they take ages to release updates , have a horrible customer support that takes months to answer to tickets , their community communications is non existent and so on ? 
  yup , thought that was the contribution you were going to give to the discussion . 
  do you get better weapon drops as your rank goes up ? 
  wait , that small stutter that i get on twitch it 's not just on my side ? 
  it 's not just that rune , it 's like the other 6 or 7 dd runes that loda found , 2 of them right as rosh spawns . 
  i 've never in my life seen a game that was this lucky in terms of runes . 
  still well played by alliance , they did n't completly lose the early game and then did tiny wisp things . 
  anything from in absentia although the incident is probably my fav album of theirs because of those first 5 songs , they are fuckin amazing . 
  if you enjoy them give their other albums a try , its a different sound from progmetal bands but a really good one in my opinion . 
  not now , source 2 is coming u fool, 
  no , you are just an asshole . 
  i 'm a fan of classic rock and i feel offended by people like you . 
  [ dude ... ] ( https://www.facebook.com/accaodirectapelalibertacaoanimal/photos/a.747166662016285.1073741831.694275917305360/879397975459819/?type=1&amp;theater ), 
  [ here is the video of a guy putting up the samples to make the song . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eu5dn-waeli ), 
  really fucking cool , thought you might enjoy it . 
  well if they spend months to make sure the new coders are up to date i guess the progress will be exactly the same as it is now , so it would n't hurt either . 
  `` repugnant is a creature who would squander the ability to lift an eye to heaven conscious of it 's fleeting time here '', 
  for fuck sake i bought sylvannas yesterday, 
  but i could have played it this week to actually find out if i was enjoying it or not . 
  i tried hots and im enjoying it when playing with my friends but i know it wo n't last long . 
  i 'm a dota player and there is no way in this world i would ever trade the f2p system from valve to the one used by blizzard . 
  there is no argument you can make change that , no way . 
  you do n't have to try and get into a game . 
  this is like when people ask on r/music where they should start with some artists albums . 
  you either try it and enjoy it and feel the urge to play more and get better or you just flat out do n't enjoy the game and you move on to another title , thats life . 
  however i would recommend you try playing with a friend or 2 . 
  the learning experience is way more fun when shared with someone who is on the same level or someone who is better than you at the game and is willing to teach you . 
  came here for dank memes and got an economics class , thanks reddit !, 
  i do n't even need to know the language to recognize a dank meme, 
  we are in the same boat . 
  it really saddens me because im having a ton of fun playing this game with my friends . 
  even with the god awful quick match macthmaking we still have fun , maps are cool , heroes have really cool abilities and those abilities are really smooth and well made , but in dota i random everytime i play in a pub . 
  trying different heroes is what makes it fun and becoming good at certain heroes that you find along the way makes you come back for more . 
  i feel much more willing to spend money on dota 2 than i feel on spending money in hots simply because of the free to play model . 
  insurgency is one of the best shooters i 've played , it 's a steal at 75 % off and if you do n't have it and enjoy fps 's go grab it . 
  it gets free map packs and updates , with a decent sized community to keep servers full . 
  how is `` how to survive '' ? 
  at under 1 $ it 's easily one of the higher discounted games i 've seen in this sale but the reviews are a bit mixed ... 
  for insurgency ? 
  not really honestly , i 've never used it much ingame and i have one . 
  sure it is really good when you find a couple of people who are willing to team up and communicate with each other , organizing some tactics etc but i have 60 + hours on that game and i 've seen that happen maybe once or twice when playing alone , so not as needed as in cs go . 
  did you watch the `` gameplay '' section ? 
  the customization looked a lot like in most wanted .
