  lost symphony - god is an astronaut, 
  shadows - spaces, 
  why would he silence it ? 
  o.o ( legit question ), 
  you were doomed to go 12 the moment you picked mage . 
  but i like to live my life ... dangerously . 
  to all of you : do you think hearthstone is too much rng dependent ? 
  i remember seeing a thread the other day discussing the good and bad rng , saying tinkmaster and mind control tech are bad rng because they can ultimatly mean one 's victory or loss in one play and that kinda feels quite common all over hearthstone ... 
  it 's the best and it 's still there to everyone who wants to play . 
  there are still full servers . 
  i do n't get this `` omg this game was so good '' and people still playing bf4 ... if you like it that much go play it , show ea how disappointed you are with the more recent bf 's : /, 
  porcupine tree - trains, 
  pc gaming . 
  god damn it . 
  10/10 , would bang, 
  soothsayer though < 3, 
  it 's just so fuckin amazing . 
  that wah wah in there just sound magnificent, 
  yap , i do n't know what their problem is , this compared to totalbiscuit 's 20 + legendarys deck is so cheap . 
  wooow it really does, 
  basically you use the coin according to what you can do the turn after you use it . 
  if you are in turn one and have 2 2-drops in your hand it 's probably ok to coin out one of them because the turn after ( turn 2 ) you will have another 2 drop . 
  the same goes if you have 2 3-drops , 2 4-drops , etc. 
  you might wan na use it as a rogue if you have a scrub in your hand . 
  and even if you could it would still be 450 $, 
  are you guys adding the number at the end of your nicknames ? 
  if you open the friends tab ingame you can see on the top your nickname folowed by an ashtag and a number . 
  when you add a friend you have to put it 's nickname and the ashtag plus the number . 
  yap , i 've never tested it , but in the same way if you attack a 0/x minion with a minion that has divine shield , the shield wo n't pop . 
  oh i did n't notice the 3rd/4th , thought it was for 3rd place only . 
  yap , without space . 
  killua # 2944, 
  whats actually funny is that 2 twats gave him thumbs down . 
  not even deaf people would thumb this down . 
  it 's difficult to not go 12 when 3 of your cards will often 2 + for one . 
  also you had good early game to keep your head above the water and even one ice block to get you through one more turn . 
  he needs a punch in the face, 
  this is really fuckin good . 
  any advice you could give to someone like me who is trying to start his own prog rock/prog metal band ? 
  i 'm trying to learn every possible scale to play with : p, 
  mind control tech . 
  indeed , which is why i actually do n't like it . 
  too much rng is a bad thing in my perspective . 
  i do n't know why you are being downvoted , you are right . 
  even though i believe korn , in their early times , ca n't be classified as nu-metal . 
  well yeah but when you play it for it 's battlecry , it will either change the game completly , or make you lose harder lol i much prefer skill rather than luck . 
  because if your opponent has 4 + cards on his side of the board is often a sign that you are losing . 
  if you get the right minion you may win , if you do n't you will most likely lose or at least thats what i 've been noticing when this card is played . 
  but certainly , it passes the vanilla test easily , 3/3 for 3 even if you do n't steal anything . 
  ac/dc is the definition of hard rock . 
  power chord based melodies , some blues influence and the always inevitable solo it 's the recipe . 
  fuckin awesome dude xd did you actually do the math on this before you started it ? 
  stop buying and stop playing the games . 
  it 's the same shit everyday , ea fucks you up the ass violently and you are there to get their next game . 
  happened with bf , will happen even in the mobile market . 
  just stop supporting those companies . 
  the real and only question right now is : will you be there to judge will ferrel vs chad smith drum battle ? 
  spriteful smith, 
  i think adding the server you are playing on would be a good addition . 
  yap , this was more directed to the people posting : p, 
  you have fearie dragon which cant be targetted by spells and you have divine shield minions, 
  right now the only card that does that is mage 's counterspell , which is a secret but i dont know if they will add more cards with the same effect, 
  everything from the tallest man on earth . 
  lion 's hearth , love is all , king of spain , etc etc. 
  i do n't know if it is intended or not , but by the looks of it it seems that this was the way they coded it . 
  the enemy hero was guldan when millhouse was played , and then it was replaced by jaraxxus , so the `` enemy hero '' that is refered in millhouse 's card text is no longer there ... but like i said it might not be intended . 
  what about pasterino and top deckin and wreckin ? 
  indeed , both in cards drawn and opponent faced . 
  yeah , we can settle on ekop being the only douche . 
  angry chicken or riot, 
  well if he did n't summon the totem first the chances would be higher that he would get his face bombed . 
  that was actually a good play , since next turn he was dead to the board , but he could have simply traded with the druid of the claw and granted the win the turn after ( as long as op did n't draw any direct damage like a starfire ) . 
  all things considered , op was actually kinda lucky . 
  if it was me summoning that bomber i would get all the 3 bombs on my face . 
  indeed . 
  mage 's flamestrike and it 's hero ability win games alone because most of the decks you find in arena are drafted prioritizing good minions rather then wombo combos . 
  appropriate username . 
  even if you play them slowly it happens . 
  every time i play starving buzzard + unleash the hounds i get the overlapping bug . 
  then again that might be the karma fucking me because i play hunter aggro : (, 
  tom clancy 's hearthstone heroes of lich king 's burning cataclysm & warlords of pandaria, 
  mad bomber !, 
  there is no drawback on playing a pagle turn 2 . 
  you might draw cards , you have a body on the board that might be buffed and more often than not your opponent will feel obligated to remove it because the damage it can potentially do is way to much . 
  so you are gaining board advantage , card avantage ( both from cards drawn and cards that your opponent spent dealing with it ) , tempo and even health ( because in the meantime you will probably not be attacked ) . 
  people wo n't look back and think `` omg i was so noob for playing pagle lolz '' because right now it wins games by itself . 
  i do n't get your point of view . 
  yap , that must be why everyone uses it . 
  i was playing fine , eu . 
  yap , report him for pay 2 win , double van cleef is cheating . 
  i had this hp printer for like 8 years and one day it just broke . 
  i cried , arranged the funeral and went on to buy a new one . 
  this new printer has scanner , does copies , can be connected via bluetooth and all the shit . 
  when it came down to print a document , i could n't do it . 
  i had to connect it wirelessly but it wouldnt detect any routers and there was no cable do connect it directly to the laptop . 
  i had to fuckin buy a usb cable just to find out that it could n't fuckin recognize the pc . 
  i had to reset the fuckin printer and had to install some shitty beta drivers or whatever to get it to work . 
  now it eats a toner every 2 weeks and sometimes just refuses to work . 
  he most likely disconnected . 
  has been happening very often .
