  by the way is there a stream to ces ? 
  or somewhere i can follow what is going on ? 
  lmao, 
  when will reddit understand that we are a fuckin tiny ass community in a sea of costumers ? 
  remember the anti-preorder campaign on fallout4 ? 
  yeah according to reddit no-one should get it and look at how that went . 
  battlefront 3 is also literally hitler and the worse game ever produced by the human race that no one should get , according to reddit . 
  look at how that went too . 
  what a giant useless circlejerk . 
  `` do n't buy this crap '' . 
  why exactly is it crap ? 
  speaking of which , let me go ahead and play la noire again . 
  on 16:11:00 the guy actually starts talking about where he usually rests his arms . . while playing ... while hitting 18 notes per second ... after the guy explained that the songs do not always use the same arrow combinations so it is a game of muscle memory on patterns you spot on the screen . 
  what the actual fuck, 
  this does make sense . 
  i 'm gon na try to conduct the interview with this in mind from now on . 
  thanks !, 
  man yeah thats what i 've been trying to do . 
  but just yesterday i was investigating the case where a consulate car gets stolen and ripped apart . 
  they take a couple flags from it and i find one of them at a suspect 's house where his girlfriend lives . 
  so i know for a fact that she knows about the car stealing . 
  the question comes and she says she does not know about it . 
  i pick lying and suddenly the game is asking me for evidence on her stealing the car . 
  wtf , this happens all the time , i go for lying and suddenly the thing that i have to proove with the evidence i collected is nothing related to the thing i was acusing them of lying . 
  i will try to follow your tips though , thanks !, 
  yeah but i really dislike guides on games like this . 
  i mean the interrogation is not like a mini game , it 's a core part of the game . 
  i would love to actually understand it but after reading the answers to this topic i realised im not the only one having issues with it , that it is indeed something the game did bad . 
   finally someone who agrees with my retarded point of view, 
  ftfy, 
  america also does not consist of only 2 countries . 
  what 's your point ? 
  free_burger ? 
  i 'm entering !, 
  thanks, 
  i put on a game of civ or some other single player game to relax when i get home and i put his 40 min long videos running in the background just to listen to it . 
  a lot of people actually enjoy that you know ? 
  or even just listening to it while having dinner or something . 
  i understand that a lot of people do n't want to `` waste '' their time watching through all of it , but i guess that 's why people immediatly put a tl ; dw on the threads . 
  e siga de dar downvote . 
  lmao, 
  100 % of the people who drink water die . 
   fixed a bug with particle effects attached to units in fog of war which could cause the particles to appear in the wrong place . 
  they removed particle effects . 
  problem solved kappa, 
  are you just taking the piss or are you for real ? 
  so being a moron  being professional, 
  got it . 
  i watch his videos . 
  he comes up with good content and he is actually a smart guy . 
  however i mute the desks he is a part of immediatly . 
  it 's not even banter , it 's poor jokes for 12 year olds which works with cs : go because the average age of the game 's subreddit is around that age judging by the posts . 
  she is biased to the bulldong < 3, 
  do you know where that button is ? 
  i ca n't seem to find it . 
  i 'm using chrome but i ca n't find it : /, 
  i 'll try to google it . 
  it would go both ways as it would be hearthbreaking to see the little v when you win . 
  8760 thanks !, 
  i 've been trying to convince my friend to use this but for some reason i ca n't hear them even though they can hear me . 
  anyone else had a similar issue ? 
  what actually happened now that made you open this thread ? 
  cause all those clues were found several months ago . 
  just trying to understand . 
  the / r/steamsaledetectives was supposed to be just for the sale arg . 
  they then created / r/gamedetectives to talk about args in general , so that might be the right place . 
  yeah you might wan na do some sort of timeline for people to undestand how you connected things and what exactly you did actually connect . 
  they created / r/gamedetectives for these things . 
  you should give it a go . 
  also there is a discord channel that i believe still serves to discuss args which you can find on the sidebar of / r/steamsaledetectives, 
  question : do you guys hit the slidding key to be able to do those flips in the air ? 
  yeah , it 's on . 
  yup , checked that also and it was on max volume . 
  well for some reason we tried again now and it worked . 
  weird . 
  what i meant with the second question is that i created 2 channels in a server ( i believe it is a server ) and i used a link that it is given to me by discord for my friends to get in . 
  what im asking is if that link is unique or if it is possible for other unknown people to connect to the server . 
  that was a bit force staffed, 
  the thing is we were 3 in there . 
  both of them could hear each other and me just fine , i was the only one who could n't hear them . 
  the speakers vol was all the way up and it somehow fixed itself once i closed my browser and opened it again . 
  but thanks for the help , i 'll make sure i have the mic output on . 
  but if this is the case why not put titanfall in there as well ? 
  it 's the game that would benefit the most from it . 
  there are games in the vault that wo n't make them any dlc money either . 
  dead space for example . 
  yeah , i hope so . 
  i also do n't know how often the vault will be updated , so i think i 'll wait at least a month before subscribing . 
  this does seem a great deal though , for all the shit ea gets we have to give it to them . 
  i mean this war of mine is in there and it 's not an ea published title i believe . 
  maybe they can do some cool deals with some devs and get games that are not published by ea in there . 
  ok i need to ask this then : will i enjoy the game playing alone ? 
  i mean i am really considering getting this game but i will probably be the only one among my friends . 
  does that mean that the dark zone will be completly out of question for me ? 
   finding groups for this game is literally as easy as pushing a button . 
  this is what i needed to know , thanks !, 
  i thought it would be clearly harder for someone to go solo and find gear and extract it than it would be for a premade . 
  obviously those who play on teamspeak and communicate will always have the upper hand in terms of tactics , but then again that happens in every multiplayer team focused game ever created . 
  you really are missing the point are n't you ? 
  everyone 's problem with the division and the bullet spongyness of enemies was because said enemies are humans instead of fantasy creatures and therefor it would n't make sense for them to survive so long .
