  same thing with tiny 's throw , does the stun deal damage when your target is in the air being thrown ? 
  it might seem a silly question , but visually it makes sense that they dont deal damage , but in game it seems they do . 
  hey guys, 
  loaded up arma 2 to play with a friend and everytime i try to join a ccg wasteland server i get the message get ready ! ... 
  on screen and on the chat a message saying `` player loading ... '' and never goes beyond that . 
  tried googling it with no success . 
  anyone had any similar issue ? 
  my biggest problem right now i think is the camera control . 
  i am all over the place , ca n't check runes or control the courier without losing cs and that is really hurting me . 
  what i want to know are some keybinds that you guys might have that make such things easier like is there a way to make the camera go to my character without having to double tap a key ? 
  tks guys, 
  hey guys . 
  so ~ 180 games in and one of the things i struggle the most is playing an efficient support . 
  i just do n't have good map awereness , positioning , etc. 
  one of my biggest issues is what the tittle says . 
  i do n't know when to buy wards ( should i do it every time the others go out ? 
  it 's 150 gold i could use on my items ... ) and i do n't know where to put them . 
  usually i 'll leave on up in the rune spot of the lane i am in and the other somewhere in the mid as an agressive ward to spot rotations there , but once the game develops i just do n't know where to put em . 
  so tl ; dr i need some tips on when to buy wards and where to put them depending on the way the game is going . 
  so this is something i noticed a while ago but only today i really got to think about it . 
  i was at a friends place jamming and he had his pc and had the black ops i installed so i hoped on in and played a few games . 
  cod , even though it is bashed every year by the `` hardcore fps gamers '' it 's still fun , there is no way to deny it and i had a lot of fun playing it . 
  since i had so much fun and i had someone to play with i said to him that i might buy the game , the thing is 4 years old now and some 2 or 3 titles have come along since then , so it must not be that expensive . 
  i look at it on the steam page and it is 40 $ . 
  40 $ for a 4 year old game that honestly was not that different from it 's predecessor but the thing gets weirder when you look at cod 2 , a game launched on steam in 2006 and it 's costing 20 $ . 
  what really baffles me is that this is an yearly title . 
  every year we have a cod and you would think that because of that , older titles would get cheaper . 
  i mean , if you release a new sequel to the game , the previous one is gon na get basically forgotten , so to balance that out you would lower the price and people like me would still buy it because it was good value for money . 
  more than that , they sell so many copies on launch , the cost of making the game is probably achieved after the first 2 days of sales , so after that you could lower the price easily and still get profit , specially after another title came out . 
  i 'm sorry for this pseudo-rant , it 's just that i do n't get the thinking behind this and i was really eager to play some more cod after that little bit this afternoon . 
  loved to know your opinion on this and maybe you guys can explain me this weird model . 
  does anyone know how to solve this ? 
  tried reinstalling , watched some youtube vids about putting some commands on the console but so far nothing works ... 
  my guitar teacher said he has a 200 bucks little thing that converts the guitars sound into a digital signal that you can then record on your pc , but i do n't have 200 bucks to spend . 
  is there any cheap or free way to get my riffs playing on my pc ? 
  i would even consider just reccording them with the mic just so i do n't forget about them . 
  210 games in , 123 wins and still every game i get 2 or 3 guys who have no idea what they are doing . 
  but it 's literally no idea , like their positioning is garbage , they chase the enemy to their base just to die , they feed every lane , it 's not fun . 
  but it 's not just my team , i notice that the enemy team is bad as well , yesterday just as an exemple i was playing against a brewmaster who clicked his ult and then did nothing but auto attack with the 3 pandas ,, 
  my question is what do i need to do to start playing with people that know what they are doing ? 
  not just on my team , on the enemy team as well so i can learn with my mistakes . 
  i 'm not trying to say im perfect , i feed every once in a while but i feel that overall im kinda solid on my performances and i do n't understand why are my games always the same stomp stryle gameplay which is honestly quite frustrating ... 
  hey guys, 
  i 'm a fairly new player but i already know some things about dota and one of them are the teams lineups and their strenghts and weakenesses . 
  i just wanted you guys to tell me why you think we won this game http://www.dotabuff.com/matches/1025599729, 
  i 'm asking this because it 's quite clear the enemy 's team lineup is way stronger in the late game which we got to , but somehow we won the game . 
  we dominated the early game but then got wrecked by some badly timed team fights and that really hurt us . 
  i would like to use this post to also ask for some help in the transition from the early/mid game into the late game which i seem to struggle a lot with . 
  i kinda wreck the enemies in the early game but i do n't seem to get that snowball going to the late game . 
  any tips or core problems you think new players might have with that ? 
  this has been happening forever and i have no idea whats causing it . 
  am i the only one ? 
  i 've been wanting to go back to bad company 2 for a while now , just play a few rounds for fun but i 'm always put back of the idea because i know that whenever i play another fps i have to then play an entire week of deathmatch to get my aim back to kinda where it was when i stopped . 
  this happened when i went and played insurgency with a few friends , payday , red orchestra , etc. 
  do you guys know any tips on how not to ruin your aim ? 
  or you do n't even feel like it is a problem at all ? 
  i 've been struggling lately playing as a suport against pl . 
  i was all random today and got a wraith king . 
  i was completly destroyed once he got the diffusal wich honestly is not that hard to get . 
  what do i do when im playing with a hero that relies on a single target ability against this guy ? 
  i 've been reading some tips and basically spotting your mistakes in replays seems to be the general great advice to improve . 
  the thing is if you are really bad how are you supposed to know that what you did was wrong ? 
  it might seem like a really stupid question but its something that i dont know how to do because dota has such lenghty games and fights that the feedback isnt immediate so i kinda dont know how to spot the missplays . 
  pa on the opponent team every time . 
  they can pretty much fountain dive us by the 25 minute mark . 
  i do n't know what to do anymore by myself , that shit is just unkillable . 
  help please . 
  i got a set yesterday and now i just played a game where 2 players got one as well . 
  hey guys im thinking about getting this game but every bit of gameplay i watch leaves me thinking that there is not that much variety between games . 
  sure you will need 2 or 3 runs to understand the mechanics but other than that im afraid it will just get stale after a bit of playtime . 
  is it actually that repetitive ? 
  is it worth the 20 bucks ? 
  ive been playing this hero a bit lately and i kinda have to run it as a support because at 2k mmr thats a role that is basically never filled . 
  i just wanted to know what skill to get first ( im usually getting 1 point in each by lvl 3 starting with a point on e and then maxing stun ) . 
  im usually starting out with a set of tangos , 3 gg branches and some wards but i dont know if it is worth it to get tangos as a support or if i should just go sages mask and obervers first to get more spammability . 
  also i wanted to know what are the combos i should be using to initiate . 
  i will normally drop my stone remnant , use e and then immediatly kick it as it returns to stun , leaving me able to use my rolling to baile out in case things turn sour but ive seen videos of people using kick on stone first , then using e on it and then go in with w. i just wanted to know in which situations i should be using what . 
  thanks guys . 
  i do n't know what to do anymore as a support . 
  i do n't get how to transition from early to mid/late game . 
  i seem to do well early as a support but all my advantage is just from kills , i am still really underleveld and things just end up falling apart after some unfavourable team fights . 
  i need help transitioning into the mid/late game . 
  i know that if we get a kill we should push a tower but everytime it seems like everyone of their team just tp 's to that tower and its a scrimmish there for the next five minutes until we , eventually , lose because we are fighting often under tower . 
  i pull when i can , i try to check runes but i often fail to do so , i 'll be honest with that , i try to gank even though sometimes it ends up badly but as i said i can most of the times get on a killing spree in the first 10 minutes of the game but all this seems to be wasted once we are 20 + minutes into the game . 
   help !, 
  hi guys , i got to a point in dota where i think i might want to have some keybindings to help me get things done . 
  things like calling the courier ( i noticed pro players actually select the courier and send it to them ) , purchasing items in quickbuy and some basic controll groups . 
  would you guys mind sharing what your keybingings are ? 
  i have this garage punk band that me and a couple of friends did for the hell of it and it 's quite fun but it 's not really what i want to do with my music life . 
  i mean it 's cool and all and we have a blast every time we play together but i would also like to be part of a cover band , for exemple , just to see how it is and maybe then moving into the progressive style that im fond of . 
  my question to you is how do you find people to play with ? 
  keep in mind that im in eu and i only know a couple of guys that play the guitar and a drummer ... 
  hey guys . 
  i just finished watching a purge video where he bought a mek at about 30 minutes into the game . 
  is n't mek supposed to be an early into mid game item to help sustain while pushing lanes and in teamfights ? 
  the mana cost is huge and for 2300 gold i can get other utility items . 
  i get that in some heroes it might even be a core item like viper , razor or enigma , but as a solo support am i not better of getting an urn ? 
  i 'm actually a metal guy but im trying to make some playlists to pump me up in the gym and i love this samim guy . 
  in light of the recent discussion around blizzard 's new ip , overwatch , i would like to know what the reddit opinion on this is . 
  for those unaware blizzard has not yet said if their new game will be pay to play or free to play and i think a discussion about this would be good .
