  you have dust_2 , arguably the best map ever made in a shooter and all the other maps that show up have to live up to that standard essentially . 
  overpass when it released still had a lot to go until it reached the state it is today . 
  cobble is honestly shit and when it released it had so many angles to cover in every single spot it was honestly silly . 
  thats the pro 's problems , but i guess you also have a lot of people in the community asking valve to include new maps like de_season in the competitive map pool . 
  thats the exact contrary of being close minded , they actually want a change . 
  no opinion on that because i did n't play much with that gun , but im pretty sure it 's simply due to them being used to play with the ak . 
  im sure it takes hundreds if not thousands of hours to play with a gun to master it and having to master another gun might be really hard work but this is pure speculation , you would have to ask a pro for an insightful answer . 
  basically every single competitive game has this close minded aspect to it . 
  in dota heroes go for weeks without being played until some pro wrecks games with them . 
  in hearthstone people do n't even bother making decks , they go on the web search for the top decks in some popular sites and copy them . 
  to some people the fun is only in winning and they do n't bother trying to understand the changes patches bring , changes in meta , changes in weapons in this case , etc , they will just copy shit they see and do it , in every gaming community this will happen . 
  ** tl ; dr ** it 's not just cs go that has this problem , this is a gaming mentality issue . 
  i swear to god i had a game a few weeks ago where i played brewmaster and i would miss pretty much every single blink + q. 
  i would always q before the blink . 
  i kept blaming myself for it because , you know , 2k mmr scrub but it was so weird . 
  this might actually explain it . 
  however i have been playing lion a lot recently and so far i have n't had any of those moments of not blinking when i thought i did ... 
  i 'm in eu if it matters . 
  this is the thing i do n't understand . 
  if you want something to work on your tv why not just getting a console ? 
  they are basically similar specs to the cheapest steam machine . 
  i 'm really having a hard time understanding why would someone buy the more expensive ones instead of a pc , maybe someone could shed some light on it ? 
  i didnt think about the sales , thats a good point . 
  having all those amazing games on your steam account is also a huge plus . 
  do you think the future of pcgaming is on the couch though ? 
  a lot of the most popular games being played right now on pc ( ie mobas ) arent even portable to consoles due to the sheer amount of hotkeys they require . 
  same thing with mmorpgs like wow or guild wars , shooters have their huge competitive scene on pc because playing with a mouse and keyboard is that more precise . 
  maybe im missing something but what remains after we take away games that cant be ported to consoles are games that are already available on the current gen consoles and indie games . 
  so we go back to the question that we started at : why getting the steam machine ? 
  i dont want this to be badly interpreted , im honestly curious as to what this will bring to the table . 
  i seriously hope valve succeeds and changes gaming for the better but maybe im being too narrow minded to see the potential . 
  so why not just get that new streaming device they announced which i cant remember the name of ? 
  you can get your steam library games to be displayed on your tv and save 300 $ +, 
  a pirataria \u00e9 grande parte uma questao de conveniencia, 
  there are pinch harmonics and natural harmonics . 
  natural harmonics are obtained in the 5th , 7th and 12th frets essentially . 
  the way you get them is by just leaning your finger agains the string on the thing that separates the 5th and the 6th fret . 
  i cant really explain it nicely because english is not my first language but check this video to try and understand . 
  pinch harmonics are done in any fret by slightly putting your pick sideways . 
  you just lean your thumb a bit down to get it sideways and when you strum the string you get the pinch harmonic . 
  i wouldnt worry too much about pinch harmonics , they will come naturally or at least they did for me . 
  hope i 've been useful . 
  sorry about the bad english though, 
  hahahahahaha dude im so sorry . 
  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3_rdor0dmpo thats the one, 
  [ sigur ros - svefn-g-englar ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rtemrz7-pj0 ), 
  that actually makes a lot of sense . 
  i did n't know it since in videos and tabs i always see people refering to frets as the positions on the strings . 
  i assumed that was how it was known so i tried to say it the way i did to try and explain the exact place to op . 
  how do you go there to ward though ? 
  i 'm usually a solo support and i cant just get into the enemy jungle alone to do it ... 
  it 's because i watch a lot of streams and they seem to be using both of them all the time and because a clicking just seems not natural to me , i thought they had it binded to something like lmb . 
  yes , but it 's disgusting . 
  mind explaining why ? 
  with this free season pass that they just released for the first title im actually considering on getting it in the ebay sale . 
  [ this one ] ( http://www.ebay.co.uk/itm/titanfall-pc-origin-cd-key-no-disc-fast-dispatch-/271769565548?pt=uk_pc_video_games_video_games_js&amp;hash=item3f46ba796c ) but it 's out of stock , so i 'm actually not getting it after having some feedback on the game . 
  i knew about the bots , i know it 's sorta casual , but that was kinda what i was looking for just to loosen up a bit . 
  i ca n't make it work with my playstation controller , but i have a friend that plays with a 360 one just fine . 
  i would guess this is a go to in online multiplayer ? 
  yeah this is looking grim . 
  i do n't think i will get it either , i 'll just keep playing bc2 . 
  you just leave your first finger like if you were doing a barre chord to mute everything . 
  the first 3 strings will sound and all the other ones wo n't . 
  just practice and you will eventually get it right . 
  it 's all about practice . 
  the first few times it will sound like shit but it will eventually come together . 
  the a power chord ( im assuming thats what you are asking ) can either be played in the 5th fret of the e string ( so first finger on the 5th fret of the e string , 2nd finger on the 7th fret of the a string and 3rd finger on the 7th fret of the d string ) or you can play it as the open a chord , so you just play the open a string ans use your first finger to press the second fret of both the d and g strings . 
  the higher e string will most likely get naturally muted due to the position of your hand , your first finger will mute it . 
  the real trick with that power chord for a begginer is to not play the lower e string and that is something that you will literally only get with practice . 
  you just have to strum those 5 strings and try not to strum the 6th . 
  i guess this was probably what you were asking for ? 
  would people recommend this game to someone who never played simcity and didnt really enjoy cities in motion 2 ? 
  i kinda get really pumped up when i watch people playing but i 've been in this same situation about other games and ended up not enjoying them so im kinda in the fence about it ... 
  how is this game to people who never played a simcity and didnt enjoy cities in motion 2 ( from the same developer ) ? 
  i keep watching reviews and what everyones seems to agree on is that this is what simcity should have been but there is not much more than that and to someone who didnt play any simcity i kinda feel out of the loop ... 
  yeah i mentioned cities in motion because its from the same developers , so i thought it would be a good title to compare skylines to . 
  i also enjoy strategy games like civ , not sure if this game has anything to do with it but im pretty sure i would enjoy this . 
  i guess if i can save myself 30 $ i 'll get this . 
  it 's also a good thing to support devs who actually listen to the community so we can maybe have game launches that are actually something more than a beta test gone wrong for the first 6 months of release . 
  yeah i feel that even if i get this game , because of my lack of experience with city builders those issues you pointed out wo n't even be issues to me at first and even if they become issues , the general idea i got from the things i 've been reading about the game is that the modding community will take care of them . 
  i think all around this seems like a really solid purchase , im loving the fact that devs are constantly active on the game 's subreddit and it just seems a breath of fresh air on the shitty releases we 've been having and a business model worth supporting . 
  i 'll just try and save 30 bucks to get it . 
  thanks for the reply . 
  ask sing2x for a ride !, 
  or a solar strike, 
  why isnt sven more picked now against the spinitry ? 
  would n't his e ability be great against them ? 
  yeah , towards the end of this game i was doing that , it 's really neat . 
  do you build euls to purge your e as well ? 
  ok , thats what i 've been doing but i wasnt sure it was the right combo . 
  by the end of the game i was doing what / u/milkman797 said which is to cast my q and interrupt the channeling by casting my e thus interrupting the heal almost immediatly . 
  if i only use my e will it also heal my allies ? 
  because sometimes in the middle of a team fight it might not be a great idea to disarm my allies . 
  also would you build euls on him to have one more way to purge the heal from enemies ? 
  and what about blink dagger ? 
  i actually like the pt cruiser . 
  it 's not my dream car by any means , but i do n't hate it like everyone in this sub seems to . 
  edit : nice . 
  come to the unpopular opinion thread , post your unpopular opinion and get downvoted . 
  got ta love this mentality .
