  because you know everyone on the planet right ? 
  this is great . 
  been listening yo all their songs on youtube , really good band . 
  god . 
  the thing is the grand conjuration is also fuckin amazing and so is hours of wealth . 
  but there is something about ghost of perdition , the way they wrote it it 's just perfect , one of the best songs ever made . 
  can you develop the item choices thing a bit ? 
  i was tusk in that game and i went drums into cuirass because there was no other true right clicker on our team , but item choices overall are quite complicated to me because i do n't really know how to make them work ... 
  wow thanks for the detailed insight . 
  yeah gyro did a lot that game , manta helped . 
  so i know they fucked up by not having tp 's , i was tusk and i was defending that last push when we got their ancient wondering why they didnt go back to defend , but in really late game ( this game went on for over an hour ) you kinda need the 6 slots for your items , leaving a slot for a tp is hard . 
  what do you do in these situations ? 
  just go bot ? 
  ok , thank you for the help !, 
  it 's been like this in cs : go as well , ranked matchmaking is impossible to play right now . 
  no idea whats going on with valve 's servers , but they really need to fix this or at least come out and say something about it so we know something is being done because as of now i 'm not even sure they know what is happening . 
  if i change anything in the filters it just stops working . 
  it shows maybe 4/5 servers and thats it , i have to restart cs go and even then some times it wo n't work . 
  well this is more like a counter to those posts where someone plays millhouse and you happen to have lethal on your hand with spells . 
  if you do n't know , millhouse 's battlecry is that enemy spells cost 0 mana the turn after he is played . 
  this is arena and it 's pretty rare to get a legendary , let alone 2 of the same and since arena is a more minion based style gameplay , having two 4/4 's by turn 2 is actually quite a big deal in terms of board control and tempo if you do n't happen to have spells that would make you win the game right there , which op did n't . 
  yeah this is true , but tomorrow i 'm gon na go and watch the mirage clip from a different pov to try and see if olof is crouching or not . 
  honestly i do n't think he is . 
  he is jumping to see `` through '' the somke and he happens to react to a t passing by his screen . 
  the raction time to crouch exactly on the max high of the jump and to aim to the head it 's just ... i 'm gon na go and say thats inhuman honestly , but he does it twice in a row hitting both shots . 
  i mean ... 
  [ opeth - hours of wealth ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tbq-b-iajza ), 
  it starts at about 3:40 , i do n't know how to link the videos to start at a given timeline : /, 
  dota2 showerthoughts, 
  they found this 2 months ago . 
  fuckin scumbags , they say this with a smile in their face . 
  ldlc played a beautiful game , so props to them for it and for knowing that they would have won if there had been a honest team on the other end of their screens . 
  enough of that already , i also find that sketchy but i wo n't claim they are hacking until i see a vac ban and so should you guys . 
  but this is dirtier than hacking honestly . 
  because now you are doing it in front of everyone knowing that it is a cheap tactic but the worse part is they found this 2 months ago and said nothing to valve . 
  thats a whole new level of douchebag . 
  i do n't even have rank , too much hate in ranked matchmaking . 
  and im not sure if im the only one , but my twitch stream has 20 fps tops . 
  awesome cinematic experience i 'm having here right now . 
  disagree even though i love that album . 
  lateralus is just above aenima and even though i know a lot of people do n't really enjoy 10,000 days as much as their previous albums , i think it is a master piece . 
  i fuckin love those songs and eulogy is up there too , but it 's just that lateralus is a whole new level . 
  the thing with the spiral in the lyrics connecting to the album itself it 's what made me go `` wow '' and really understand what music can be about . 
  mind expanding on that idea of yours that the doors or pink floyd were n't `` anything special '' ? 
  because i also do n't like beatles , but i 'll give them credit for what they did , they influenced several generations . 
  yeah i do agree with you , people often seem to fail to realize that we are living in one of the best times do write and show your music to the world . 
  however you ca n't come to r/music and not expect that , it 's just that mainstream music is filled with people full of their opinions . 
  go over to r/listentothis and try some new music ; ), 
  where did you get this info ? 
  i 've been trying to find wheel on dotabuff but i ca n't : /, 
  thanks !, 
  what ? 
  people running crazed alchemists in their decks ? 
  yeah , i face that a lot ... 
  is that supposed to be bad ? 
  not enough love for this guy . 
  really enjoy his work , soothsayer is one of my all time fav instrumentals . 
  weed is good , alcohol is bad . 
  got it . 
  i never played diablo before , but i watched videos and streams and thought i might enjoyed it so i installed path of exile after watching a kripp video about it . 
  the thing that immediatly put me off was the constant rubber banding or whatever that was . 
  do you know if that is already fixed ? 
  i remember that by then everyone was saying that it was basically an unsolvable problem and they even had some chat commands to try and improve the things a bit . 
  i played a lot of condition-zero back in the day and kinda stopped playing cs for a while , just went into battlefield , red orchestra , arma , etc. 
  by what i 've read , go had a really bad start when it first came out , but now it 's one of the top games on steam and it 's in every gamers mouths ( for good or bad reasons , unfortunatly ) . 
  the mm system keeps you hooked by trying to climb ranks and the game feels super responsive and , to a point , really well balanced . 
  i got it on steam sales for 3 $ i think , which is a bargain for the amount of time of fun it has provided to me . 
  i think valve is now starting to understand the dimension that this game can achieve and i hope we soon get the treatment dota 2 has , with an ingame client just as elegant and functional , 5v5 non ranked matchmaking to practice and one day no hackers !, 
  ( yeah , let me dream ok ? ), 
  yeah i stopped playing because i was noticing the d-sync literally every 2 minutes . 
  it just was n't fun , but i migh give it another go . 
  why do n't you ? 
  how is grim dawn for someone with no experience on arpgs ? 
  i 've only played a little bit of path of exile but could n't do it with the constant desync . 
  and the community is glad they do n't . 
  even at 7 $ the game is still super cheap , i mean i have now 400 + hours on steam and i 'm not getting tired any time soon . 
  7 bucks for 400 hours of fun ? 
  i 've spent more for less . 
  i 'm pretty sure this big weenie guy was playing yesterday against shroud on his stream . 
  he pulled of some sick shots , guess we now know why . 
  is planetary annihilation good for 5 $ ? 
  there is no offline mode ? 
  no no , but mah skill cap ... 
  you face who ? 
  so how is starpoint gemini 2 to someone that never played anything like this ? 
  i see a lot of people on steam praising it that have played a game called freelancer i think but i never tried anything like that . 
  their subreddit is very inactive but a lot of threads had devs answering to them and that really seems like something very positive about the community ... 
  is it this easy with other first person shooters as well ? 
  or is it a source problem ? 
  let me just say that this goes beyond csgo . 
  i am on mobile right now so i cant link the r/dota post but this is becoming a really big problem in that game as well with teams not receiving their payments . 
  also i think this is a great time to other teams to join in and create some sort of organization to help them claiming their rights so that shit like what happened at dreamhack doesnt happen again . 
  what ? 
  3 youthful brewmasters ? 
  hearthstone confirmed pay to win . 
  i really love dota but if there is something that lol does right is this . 
  every game for the very few tournments i watched started exactly on time . 
  dota 's games are always with a delay of at least 10 to 15 minutes . 
  it 's a lack of respect towards the ones watching this games and thats really not ok . 
  i think i should have added a kappa at the end of my sentence .
