  you can now shut down an enemy that is going 9 or 10-0 and be able to comeback into the game . 
  it 's all about teamwork and coordination to make things happen . 
  league is the game where matches can last long but people kinda already know who will win just by the massive lead someone in one team has because in that game you can get items that will give your spells more power , but i think this is another topic discussion that does not belong here . 
  yeah that update came a few months ago , it really made the game way more enjoyable to watch after the train wreck that were the ti4 finals . 
  the magic cure is to try and not have those 1 million players all pressing the find game button at the same time because they have a 10 minute window to do so . 
  wait am i supposed to sell this ? 
  where do i check if it 's reagion locked or not ? 
  i wanted to get dead island but im not sure if it will work here in europe even if i use a proxy . 
  yeah it says the game ca n't be played in germany but i do n't understand if they mean germany as europe or just germany ... 
  it says in the end that countries blocked for purchase will also be blocked for activation . 
  i do n't know , im kinda afraid of buying the game if it turns out that i wo n't be able to activate it . 
  yeah i bought it here in portugal and it works fine too . 
  i guess it really is just in germany that it doesnt work . 
  yap , he played massive attack too but i thought he had just turned on a random playlist , never considered sing a music listener for some weird ass reason . 
  fuckin sweet stream , but kinda worried that he has been doing it for so long . 
  the thing is people are ok with blizzard adding dlc to wow , for exemple , because it adds longevity to the game . 
  if i buy an fps that is multiplayer primarly ( cod , battlefield , etc ) i expect dlc eventually because if i keep playing the same maps with the same weapons things will get boring . 
  same thing for singleplayer games like borderlands , or some strategy games like civ . 
  but what we have here is a game that just got released and they already told us that there will be more monsters and more hunters which are basically the core of the gameplay . 
  so here i am with a game i just paid 60 $ for expecting to get the full experience for full price but no , i already know dlc is on the way and for what ? 
  to add longevity ? 
  they just released the god damn game . 
  it feels like im being cheated . 
  it honestly feels and will always feel like day one dlc whatever it is , cosmetic or not , in a full priced game is just the company trying to get money from you , it just feels that the content they are selling should be in the game in the first place and thats why i do n't support this kind of thing . 
  this is why you got reported . 
  i never played the game but is there a reason for this difference in prices ? 
  like does that mean that the 10.000 hero is just plain better than a 2.000 one ? 
  i ca n't do that for some reason . 
  yeah , it only worked with 50 % zoom with me , thanks . 
  post it on the dev forums but you did lose 150 mana as if you casted your d spell even though you had no remnants up . 
  check during the game if at any point you casted a remnant in that exact place where you teleport to because this is most likely the game thinking there was a remnant still there . 
  whats even the reason as to why they are being removed ? 
  it 's not really witch hunting when you are actually showing everyone the proves ... 
   reddit is a pretty open and free speech place , but it is not ok to post someone 's personal information , or post links to personal information . 
  this includes links to public facebook pages and screenshots of facebook pages with the names still legible . 
  i just do n't know as to why a senators facebook page or a celebrity facebook page is ok and this is not ok since magicamy is , after all , a public figure . 
  check what i wrote after . 
  i checked what you worte after but before i wrote for you to check what i wrote after and i can say that we basically agree , but i understand why the mods removed the post . 
  it 's still dubious , but whatever . 
  missed that : (, 
  im sorry for the ignorance but who is jab ? 
  i listen to a lot of music but i think whenever i build a song of my own these are the main influences :, 
  david gilmour ( pink floyd ), 
  adam jones ( tool ), 
  jimmy page ( led zeppelin ), 
  billy gibbons ( zz top ), 
  kinda seems like a weird mix of styles , but thats how i would put it . 
  thank you for sharing . 
  yeah i have my slots keybinded to x , c , v , d , f and mouse button and i then transfered the d and f spells to the t and g keys but i kinda feel thats uncomfortable . 
  alt + qwer i feel will put me in a lot of trouble with missclicks . 
  do you have any control groups set ? 
  if so where ? 
  i would like some quick keys to , for exemple , send illusions from an illusion rune to scout or send manta illusions to attack a target , just a key that would select just the illusions . 
  wow i didnt even knew you could do that to check the runes . 
  those autoexec files are also used to setup the micro keys for different heroes ? 
  how do i create a file like that ? 
  yeah but im kinda not a really good guitarrist . 
  i mean i can play , thats for sure , but im afraid to go there and just look like an idiot . 
  like i said , i enjoy prog metal , i would like to one day play in a prog metal band ( things that sound like tool , opeth , etc ) but i ca n't build a metal song , im not capable of playing fast solos . 
  i 'm just afraid to apply to something and that they expect me to do things that im clearly not capable of . 
  thats why i talked about a covers band , so i can practice and gain confidence in my playing to consider joining a bigger group . 
  edit : after reading this it kinda seems like a stupid thing to think , i mean everyone has to start somewhere . 
  but it really is how i feel and i guess thats part of the reason i do n't feel comfortable joining a groups of people i do n't know to play music i guess . 
  me as a position 5 support :, 
  - im going to secure rune and gank mid , stay under tower and use creep aggro to farm please , otherwise you die . 
  he pushes the lane . 
   first blood !, 
  so should i go other core items first ? 
  like force staff or blink dagger and then mek if i can afford to ? 
  its literally the most recent video in his channel . 
  he is playing winter wyvern and goes for mek at 30 minutes . 
  way too predictable . 
  every time you play a spell , 25 % chance of summoning a random character from a random blizzard game into the board , 25 % of summoning a random character from a random blizzard game into a random diablo 3 location , 25 % chance of summoning a random character from a random blizzard game into a random game of heroes of the storm , 25 % of summoning a random character from a random blizzard game into a random starcraft 2 game . 
  you should search the web about it . 
  i swear to god i got a shiver down my spine that lasted for a fuckin month after i found out about lateralus meaning and the song 's timings . 
  try :, 
  a perfect circle ( maynards band ), 
  karnivool, 
  meshuggah ( its really heavy , but if you are into complex time signatures it doesnt get much better than this ), 
  riverside, 
  a pale horse named death, 
  dream theater, 
  you can also try some instrumental rock , i really fuckin love tool and im also into some instrumental things and love them too , if you think you will like it and/or any of the bands i mentioned above , say so and i can show you some more . 
  this is what i was thinking about when i talked about instrumental rock . 
  russian circles , and so i watch you from afar , if these trees could talk , indukti , etc. 
  i guess its just because we enjoy tool , they have this art metal style of theirs and these other bands i mentioned have that style too . 
  if you check them all their sound is actually really different from each other , you have there prog rock , prog metal , heavy/death metal , etc. 
  i do n't know , i think tool fans inherently have this taste in music that kinda goes through the same bands , we search kinda of a more complex sound and eventually will enjoy the same types of bands even though there might be some variances , in this case i enjoy meshuggah and you do n't , but thats fine and i totally get it . 
  edit - fuckin loving the downvotes . 
  i dont mean to say that we are somehow better than others , i fuckin listen to foo fighters and i like it too , it 's just trying to explain why half my list is op 's favourite bands . 
  [ them crooked vultures - elephants ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=e2zimyjqh8s ), 
  the good old announcement of the announcement . 
  golden parachutes < 3, 
  members, 
  user level steam id, 
  comewithme leader steam_0 :1:42687603, 
  mynuts player steam_0 :1:30642306, 
  neqroman player steam_0 :0:48838290, 
  sexybamboe player steam_0 :0:10160874, 
  singsing player steam_0 :0:9878627,
