  it 's lower . 
  thats why im saying that if it worries you , you should go for them . 
  i should inform you though that a card blowing up is not related to it 's tdp but rather the fact that you might have a shitty psu . 
  yeah , that psu is fine and would be enough to run all of those cards . 
  right now the heat is almost a non issue with the 300 series i think , i have a 390 and it usually stays around 76-78\u00ba on full load after like 2 or 3 hours playing some demanding games with the stock fan profiles from msi . 
  the fury x comes with it 's own liquid cooling unit which really helps with temps too . 
  but if you are concerned about the power outputs then i have to be honest and say that nvidia beats amd there , the 970 has a tdp of 190w if i recall correctly . 
  yeah , i actually kept mine as it came from factory . 
  it goes up to 60\u00ba on idle but never goes above ~ 78\u00ba under full load . 
  but nothing you ca n't solve with a fan profile , it just trades noise for lower temperatures . 
  the only way they can get good again is by kicking aui2000 . 
  i 've been here long enough to know that, 
  [ deprime a\u00ed ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rtemrz7-pj0 ), 
  do n't you think that he probably will just not fit in the meta ? 
  i mean it 's not that he got that nerfed , it 's just that now against more mid game oriented carries that are popping up ( pa , wr , etc ) his playstyle will not be as good . 
  i guess i just have a different idea on the definition of the word `` nerfed '' as i always related that to a direct change on the hero/item . 
  however what you say makes perfect sense , indeed he is weaker because of changes to other heroes and items that have a direct effect on how his playstyle develops . 
  father of the year right here . 
  so take off all your clothes, 
  i like the name, 
  i would love a golf mk 2 or a jetta, 
  / r/truegaming, 
  they have a lot of thoughtful discussions about all kinds of aspects in games , might be what you are trying to recreate . 
  and i have n't had any amd drivers issues since i started using this brand a year ago . 
  project cars , assetto corsa . 
  i do n't mind the jumping scout thing , i actually really rarely come across it in matchmaking to make me want it banned . 
  on top of that it actually takes skill to nail some of those shots and they are damn rewarding when you do so . 
  i have an r9 390 actually, 
  what games are people having problems with ? 
  oh thats unfortunate . 
  i have the r9 390 and it has not crashed once . 
  i mean insurgency gave me a bsod , but that was because of the game itself , apperently you cant run msi afterburner while running it . 
  i 'm using the 15.7 drivers and i have an i5 4690k running windows 7 . 
  might help to understand the issue , although i do n't have gta 5 , metal gear solid or any of those demanding and new games . 
  only battlefield 4 and a couple others . 
  can anyone eli5 me on what is this overhead issue and the complaints in the post ? 
  i really didnt understand , im sorry . 
   the whole point is that you need more cpu power to run the amd card than the nvidia card . 
  ok so thats the overhead problem they talk about ? 
  i mean i have a 4690k and it runs my 390 fine i believe , what would the power needed be ? 
  would an i5 4460 not be able to do it ? 
  i mean if you are going the 300-400 price bracket cards i would assume the minimum you are going to invest on your cpu is a 4460 . 
   so now the scariest thing is that i feel forced to wait cause what if i buy amd now and nvidia get better performance on dx12 then i just wasted money again or what if i buy nvidia now and they struggle more than amd on dx12 . 
  is n't that a problem in any tech you get ? 
  either a mobile phone , tv , tablet , watch , whatever . 
  hell , anything you buy even non tech related , there is always something better popping up , it 's just that hardware is advancing at enormous speeds . 
  i still do n't understand the problem . 
  maybe i did n't get your point across ? 
  english is not my first language . 
  i mean thats kind of what benchmarking is , you just throw the maximum cpu you can to make sure it does not bottleneck your card right ? 
  so you know it 's limits ... 
  out of curiosity how do you know your cpu is not enough to take out the full power of both 280x 's ? 
  is there a test you do ? 
  well yet to be found is still way better than non existent, 
  im no expert but i would say that a faulty fan on a cooler with two fans might be enough for that ... 
  i do n't know if i should upvote this, 
  thats really not how it works, 
  i have a 390 but unfortunatly i do n't have many of the games that i hear the crashing reports . 
  i can try and do something to help though if you need to . 
  i5 4690k, 
  windows 7 home, 
  depends on your budget . 
  how much are you willing to spend ? 
  the 390 is considered the best bang for your buck and i would say sapphire is the better one , followed by msi . 
  if you can wait a bit you can also get the 380x that is about to be released , it will fill up that gap between the 390 and the 380 . 
  you people bitch about everyting holy shit, 
  having those guys trying to sell us a pre built is like going to a car dealership with 90,000 $ , asking for a good sports car and getting a smart . 
  they cover them in salt to throw away the hacker dogs scent . 
  so meta, 
  sure !, 
  i wanted to know a good way to get any . dll file that i might be missing . 
  but the specific one i 'm missing right now is nicaiu.dll, 
  thats one team . 
  this is 100 million being invested in vp as an org . 
  they are thinking about getting a lol team , they have a good dota team . 
  i know we are in / r/globaloffensive but you people need to think outside of cs when news like this pop up, 
  it 's not that they do n't have management , it 's more that the managemente its much more open and free to the employees as far as i can understand . 
  lmao i love it that you waste your time creating accounts just to trash on a company . 
  it just goes to show how much you care . 
  it 's hilarious, 
  it 's like going to a circus and watching the clown show , im laughing my ass off, 
  hahahahaha, 
  because you must have a really fuckin sad life to spend your saturday on a subreddit spamming hate on a company . 
  it 's just next level sadness . 
  you can say all you want about being a `` troll '' , it does not change the fact that there is an actual person behind that keyboard writing all this nonsense because he feels the need to justify his purchase . 
  on that budget you can get an r9 390 which is miles ahead of both of those cards . 
  if thats the case you can also build a rig with a new gen i7 and a lower graphics card for cheaper i believe . 
  you can try / r/buildapcforme , tell them your budget and what you want to do with it , what programs you will be running , games you will be playing and you will get a good pc !, 
  i used that fuckin stupid ass tram for 3 years and although i never saw anyone get bribed , i would have no doubts that the stupid monkeys who check your tickets would do it if they could . 
  you should file a complaint for sure but i doubt it will do anything . 
  still you should do it . 
  people get those tickets all the time there for not validating their passes ( which is even dumber , as they can see the expiration date of the pass as well as the recipt that we usually have with us ... ) and all they do is write you a ticket . 
  a lot of people simply ignore it and file complaints against the company but they are stupid ass pieces of shit so shit is still the same . 
  go to the police , go to the little thing there on the station and file your complain to the company and the fct has a facebook group that loves drama . 
  post there about what happened to you there and someone will likely be able to help you and you might also raise some awereness to what is going on with that shitty company . 
  also be careful using that tram at night , those are not nice neighbours between the pragal and university stations . 
  how do you train one of these ? 
  thanks man , that was really helpful, 
  mom 's manchete, 
  when you say it specializes on recording electric guitars you mean they put it right on the amp speaker and it captures from there ?
