  is it any good playing alone ? 
  thanks !, 
  i can clearly see downsides on a team of 5 melee , as in laning stage you can be harrassed easily by ranged heroes and you can get counterpicked with techies and others that punish a lineup that ca n't attack from a long distance . 
  but is there any downside to a team of 5 ranged ? 
  hey !, 
  i 'm an electrical engeneering student that is thinking about participating in the erasmus program in the north of europe . 
  i thought that sweden would be a great place to go to . 
  i was wondering what would the best engeneering universities there be that i could attend to during the erasmus exchange ? 
  how long do your semesters take ( i know this sounds a bit silly but in my university i 'm usually done in 4 months , the other 2 are usually for an aditional subject that is not that time demanding and some deserved rest ) ? 
  what about cost of life overthere ? 
  i heard it 's really high , but how much would renting a bedroom cost me ? 
  do universities have a place to stay for students in this programs ? 
  how about food and those things , how much do you think i would be spending with that there during the semester ? 
  thanks and sorry for the long post !, 
  hey guys, 
  i have an r9 390 , an i5 4690k , 8gb of ram and bought the bioshock triple pack a couple of weeks ago . 
  the thing is the first game keeps crashing whenever im about to arrive to rapture . 
  i 've googled the problem and nothing shows up with my card . 
  i have the 15.15 drivers installed . 
  any idea ? 
  the temperatures are fine , the gpu never goes above 62\u00ba when the crashes happen and it works fine with other games . 
  thanks !, 
  it just came up like that . 
  the man is struggling to find someone for tomorrow so he said he will just go with me even though i 've never done it before . 
  i will be playing with my classic guitar and it 's just me . 
  i know a couple songs i can play there that people will kinda like but i do n't even think i have enough for an hour , let alone the two i have to play lol \u00b4, 
  what would you do in my position ? 
  i just started doing a list of what i can play solo that will kinda sound ok and i think im just gon na learn a couple more songs until tomorrow . 
  i do n't even have sheets with the chords or anything , im kinda freaking out . 
  ### troubleshooting help :, 
  ** what is your parts list ? 
  [ consider formatting your parts list . 
  -  i5 4690k, 
  -  msi gaming 5 motherboard, 
  -  msi r9 390 8gb gaming gpu, 
  -  xfx semi modular 80 + bronze 650w, 
  -  2x4gb kingston hyperx fury ddr3 ram, 
  -  corsair h75 cpu cooler, 
  -  zalman z12 plus case, 
  ** describe your problem . 
  list any error messages and symptoms . 
  be descriptive . 
  my gpu is on idle at 60\u00ba . 
  thats suppose to be fine as the cooler only kicks in after it goes past 65\u00ba i think , the problem is that it 's still really hot . 
  on full load the card is reaching 85\u00ba and this build is three weeks old . 
  i 'm constantly reading about people with other versions of the 390 card that get to 70\u00ba on full load . 
  its quite a big difference . 
  granted it is summer here but still , im not sure if it should be running this hot . 
  ** list anything you 've done in attempt to diagnose or fix the problem . 
  i 've tried putting another fan in the case but unfortunatly i ca n't seem to make room for it . 
  i would just like to make sure it is safe to run the pc at this temps cause im not thinking about upgrading for the next 2 years at least ... 
  it 's constantly crashing and sometimes the image just stops and then cathes up really fast to the sound . 
  it was flawless yesterday , but today is really bad . 
  is it cause of the ddos ? 
  twitch stream seems to be doing fine ... 
  hey guys . 
  i got bf4 yesterday during the origin sale to try out in my new rig . 
  i have an msi r9 390 and the game runs beautifully on ultra on most of the maps , dipping to a minimum of 80fps on them except on the dam map where i get sometimes under 50 frames . 
  does anyone know anything about the issue ? 
  thanks !, 
  catalyst is giving me an error installing the 15.7 drivers for my 390 . 
  if i do a ddu will the display still work if my monitor is connected to the card ? 
  thanks !, 
  i heard the casters and the panel say that a lot , i heard ppd saying it too on his draft analysis video but i do n't understand why and how . 
  what contributed for them to be more successful as dire ? 
  how does your playstyle get affected by the side you are on ? 
  and if it really is true that they had an empirical advantage , would n't that be a sign that the map is not perfectly balanced ? 
  i was thinking about this as sometimes people just seem to know im hiding and storm in shooting . 
  i 've been having this problem since bc2 honestly , but i 've actually felt that in bf4 is where i notice this the most . 
  it would basically mean that you can actually play kind of a stealth role as you can hide or play accordingly when you are spotted . 
  granted in clusterfuck situations you wont really care as you are spotted all the time anyway most likely , but to get those flanks off it would be really good . 
  overall i think it would just add a layer of `` complexity '' that would make the game a bit more tactical while still being the fps we know and love . 
  the cons would essentially be the fact that people might play a bit more campy , cause if you are spotted you are likely to retreat and hide until it goes away , so theres that . 
  people might ask `` hey why dont you play hardcore ? '', 
  and well yeah i could , but i was just theorycrafting honestly , just thinking what would change and how better/worse would it be if battlefield had this feature in its core multiplayer gameplay . 
  thanks guys !, 
  so im having a hard time trying to play in this meta and i was wondering what you guys think about this game . 
  i was drow ranger . 
  i basically rushed maelstrom after threads as i understood that our team had no real answer to pl . 
  from there on i feel my item choices were all over the place . 
  i went for the sange for single target damage and then finished mjolnir which is basicaly an aoe item . 
  i only went for bkb after getting crystalis , but even after getting the maelstrom i felt like the bkb was good against leshrac and tide but i would hit like a kitten and it would not be enough . 
  what would you guys have done ? 
  i feel like there is a lot to improve on . 
  i just want to know if there is any relation between the two as i often alt tab from bf4 an sometimes ( like 3 times since i started playing 15 days ago ) it will crash . 
  i dont actually know if anything happens in the system during an alt-tab and if that might be enough to crash a game , so im asking as i find that a crash every five days might be a problem with my gpu or something , im running the 15.7 drivers btw, 
  ok first of all what do you open your cans with if you dont have a can opener yet ? 
  everything i 've tried so far spills all my food , its like my character has parkinsons . 
  other thing : i thought the gear key was ` g ' so i accidentally pressed it when i was trying to go to my gear while i had my magnum in my hands . 
  it dropped the magnum and now i cant put anything in my hands . 
  what did i do wrong ? 
  other than that is there any other tips that i might need as a begginner to help me go through the learning stages ? 
  thanks !, 
  i really like investigation and mystery movies . 
  i watched zodiac a couple of years ago and really liked it so i came here to ask for some movies that are similar to that one or that you feel are good for a guy with my tastes . 
  thanks !, 
  with this nvidia drama there will be a lot of people changing to amd and i read a lot about the lack of stock on cards like the fury and fury x. 
  as i said , im no businessman nor do i understand anything about business but this seems like a golden oportunity for amd to cash in on the competition 's mistake . 
  what are ways to creat music by yourself without being a dj ? 
  i got in a band but everyone wants to get drunk and shit , no one gives a fuck about music , im tired of that crap so i wan na try and do music by myself .
