  how would you go about this ? 
  just trying to create riffs and adding drums and shit kinda doing a white stripes thing ? 
  or would i be better of getting my classic guitar and doing some chords and fingerstyle and create songs like that ? 
  so with the recent `` warning '' to switch to reborn i went ahead and downloaded it . 
  it crashes for every reason . 
  crashes when i alt-tab , change video settings , change audio settings ( ?? 
  ) , etc. 
  is anyone else having a similar problem or does anyone know of any forum or something where i can submit and search similar problems to mine ? 
  thanks . 
  the car has 137k km , it 's actually decently treated . 
  i noticed that the breaks ( i think its the breaks ? 
  you know the silver disc you see through the wheels ? 
  yeah that shit ) is brown . 
  not sure what that means so if anyone want to help me out understanding if it 's problematic or not , i really appreciate . 
  thanks guys , it will be my first car so i 'm kinda being cautious about the buy . 
  [ removed ], 
  i tried the demo and i really enjoyed it , i like going around searching for good loot and shit . 
  however i keep hearing that enjoying diablo 3 is basically impossible without reaper of souls which is basically 40 $ for the pack . 
  on top of that im pretty sure i would be playing alone . 
  would this game require a party to be more enjoyable ? 
  so is it worth it ? 
  i do n't mean to moan about it , i love my r9 390 . 
  but i would also love for amd to implement something like that , obs and plays.tv require a god damn programming course to make them work . 
  i actually ca n't use either of them because in plays.tv i get a weird x000 something error and on obs it says that my hardware is n't supported . 
  i would love him to take the 380 over the 960 but shadowplay is something he uses a lot , im just sad that i have to recommend a lesser card based on one feature , but i guess if it 's something that is used a lot it makes perfect sense to go with who provides it . 
  i do n't mean to bitch about it , just sharing this as some sort of sad rant , wondering if anyone feels the same . 
  maybe it 's the correct decision , i dunno . 
  hey guys , maybe this is asked here a lot but i tried using the search button and nothing showed up . 
  i 'm programming something with visual studio and whenever i try to run the program i get a fatal error due to a missing dll file . 
  the thing is there are a lot of fishy sites on the internet when i google the problem providing me the file but i read a while ago that it was dangerous to download from them so how can i safely get this file ? 
  thanks !, 
  it 's unbelievable . 
  i do n't think there has been a single game in this mlg event that has started without one . 
  i do n't even understand if it is the players fault or if it is the organization , but why not just do it like counter-strike and add a `` warm-up '' time ? 
  like 4 or 5 min at the beggining of the game to set everything up and then the game can commence . 
  on those 5 minutes time the analyst desk can still do it 's job and then immediatly hop on to the game . 
  my problem is that i would have to record just the guitar sound for acoustic songs but also i would have to record straight from the amp speaker for the electric guitar riffs . 
  is there any semi-good mic that can get both of those things done ? 
  [ removed ], 
  hey !, 
  fellow portuguese here . 
  things here in portugal are n't looking too good and my mom was talking to me over dinner about a doctor at her work place ( she is a nurse ) that got this job offer to work in south sweden with paid trips and housing during an intensive english course that they would need to have . 
  after the course was over they would get help in finding a house ( not sure what that means ) and get the job at the hospital , i assume . 
  the thing is it just seems too good to be true . 
  she would be getting paid 4 times as much as here in portugal , according to them . 
  housing would be a bit cheaper than in stockholm i assume . 
  i 'm just trying to understand if 4k $ is average over there in sweden to a nurse and if you guys are actually that short on medical staff to hire like that . 
  she is being contacted by a medicarrera company , if you guys also have any information on them it would be nice . 
  also i asked about engineers because i 'm an engineer and it 's kinda hard for her to go alone . 
  thanks and sorry for the long post . 
  i got this game after trying out the diablo demo and really loving just blowing shit up , it 's relaxing as fuck . 
  i got this game cause diablo was a bit expensive and im really liking it thus far . 
  the thing is since im new with this i keep making mistakes , sometimes i believe even mistakes i do n't notice . 
  only yesterday , after reaching level 7 , i understood you actually have to click on the skill points to get them , i was just clicking on the plus at the bottom of the page lol, 
  do i have to use a build ? 
  if not how do you guys know how to balance the skill points and devotion points and etc ? 
  is there anywhere i can read or some youtube videos that explain that to me ? 
  thanks !, 
  [ removed ], 
  i 've tried googling this but the only results i get are for rival 100 vs rival 300 . 
  my question is whats the difference between the original rival vs the rival 300 ? 
  cause i 'm about to get one since my x7 died on me a couple of days ago and i have no idea why they have a 25 $ difference between them . 
  [ rival 300 ] ( http://www.globaldata.pt/rato-steelseries-rival-300-preto.html ), 
  [ normal rival ] ( http://www.globaldata.pt/rato-steelseries-rival-preto.html ), 
  [ removed ], 
  i just upgraded to the latest drivers through this installer but i wonder if i should keep doing it like i did before with ddu . 
  i win a game against semi pros and i get 5 points . 
  i lose a game against semi pros and i lose 11 points . 
  are those ranks related to skill levels or are they just tied to your level ? 
  thats the updated comic, 
  thats the old one, 
  there is something on that door . 
  what programs do you guys use to enhance those things ? 
  can someone do it, 
  edit :, 
  nevermind . 
  i think they are removing crap to help us understand what is and what is n't a clue . 
  `` nesse '' is still there though . 
  edit 2 :, 
  failfish it 's just the difference between the languages the page is in . 
  for some reason however the north pole sign is still there when i change the language to english . 
  like right now i just solved the 3rd or 4th case of the game , the one in which the dude kills a hog to spatter the car with blood and hides in his friend 's appartment . 
  i knew what the deal was once i found the hog recipt and yet i must have like 33 % of the answers correct . 
  i just ca n't link evidences with lying . 
  what im looking for are tips . 
  should i base my answers on the evidences or should i be paying more attention the the suspects faces ? 
  cause the face animation in this game honestly makes me feel like everyone i interview looks guilty . 
  i created a channel and whenever people connect to it they can hear each other and can hear me but i ca n't hear them . 
  also since i 'm a bit new to this is it possible that people can connect to the channels i created even though they have a specific link ? 
  thanks !, 
  i 'm now watching the gfinity league and sometimes i ca n't even see the ball . 
  with the scoreboard , all the player names , the log and the giant gfinity logo everything feels so cluttered that it actually makes me uncomfortable . 
  granted i have n't watched any rocket league championchips before ( only videos from the ibuypower team 's pov ) so it might just be this tournment but with the recent espn interess it might be a good idea to simplify the spectator ui if it 's always like this . 
  long story short i do n't understand how you get money , i do n't understand how you improve your recon ships , i do n't know what to build and the orders to build it ( maybe there is something in game that tells me that ? ), 
  and i ca n't get a campaign going because i eventually fuck up one mission and from there on it 's a giant snowball , because i lose the soldiers that already had some levels and skills and then get raped every single mission after that . 
  i just do n't know what to do . 
  i did n't expect the game to hold my hand but i thought that putting it in normal difficulty would actually get to pass through the campaign . 
  i 've started 4 so far , trying different things and always end up getting raped about three hours into it . 
  just looking for some tips or maybe i really need to watch some begginer 's videos even though i do n't like to do it . 
  surely even though this game is unforgiving , i should n't be straight up losing a campaign based on a failed mission .
