  sorry to do it in your topic . 
  percebes ? 
  you have the fury and the fury x that compare to the 980ti , the fury x is neck a neck with it . 
  those are the two you will probably be wanting to go for to get a perfomance similar to the 980, 
  hey you can get the 390x or the fury and keep rockin on 1440p !, 
  politics 101, 
  i do n't live in the us , i just kinda got burned by a lot of projects where everyone seems to just do n't give a fuck . 
  i might try and play some covers with a friend of mine , a two guy show you know , but i dont think i 'll want to be part of a band any time soon . 
  thanks , i will try it out . 
  boa sorte . 
  when you see just the arm there while the ice cream is being put on the cone you can see the girl uses a blue t shirt . 
  they probably film the whole prank once to show how it 's done and then only film people 's reaction , cause if there was a fuckin camera next to you it would kinda give it away ... 
  do you have msi afterburner to see what the cpu and gpu usage is in game ? 
  does it only happen in lol or other games as well ? 
  install it to check if it 's the cpu or gpu problem . 
  i do n't have any issue with my 390 ... 
  i mean it does blow the 970 out of the water , i guess that might be an issue to nvidia , but other than that i do n't really know what you are talking about . 
  battlefield 4 , company of heroes , red orchestra 2 , dota , bioshock , crysis ... 
  no problem , keep on bitching man, 
  what a fuckin dellusional kid . 
  thank you . 
  well it is natural that a multiplayer fps will lose players over the time , it 's not like an unprecedented thing ... 
  no , the 4690k is still a great buy , you saved money on the promo and on the fact that you didnt need a diferent mobo to support the new cpu socket . 
  i do n't think it is worth it to get anything above the 4690k if you are gaming honestly , even the 4460 is enough these days . 
  holy crap , those two components are about the same price as my whole pc . 
  enjoy that shit man !, 
  yeah i actually heard a squeak when i pressed the clutch pedal . 
  the pedal is really light , thats the first thing i noticed after driving fords for 3 years , and the throttle is really heavy . 
  the squeak though seems to be on the pedal itself rather than the clutch , not sure if i should be worried about it ? 
  i drove test the car and everything seemed fine . 
  i tried the reverse and everything was fine . 
  the handling is actually really good , the steering wheel is really light . 
  the only really annoying thing is the fact that the locks on the doors are broken , only the drivers door can be unlocked with the key , everything else has to be done by hand . 
  not sure if the fix on that is expensive cause its really annoyning to have to lock and unlock doors manually ... 
  thanks for the help !, 
  yeah thats what i thought about the brakes ( i cant believe i spelled that wrong ) . 
  the timing belt i did not check and i actually dont know what that means in my language , although i have a good idea about what it might be . 
  i will see the car again and check on that , but i guess i will have to change it in the next inspection . 
  how much would that cost me , do you have an idea ? 
  thanks for the help !, 
  i cant believe i spelled that wrong , im not a native speaker , i wrote it as it sounded in my head , im really sorry . 
  i did not know about that thread on the side bar , i will check on it , thanks . 
  i drove the car , the battery is fine although the lady told me she changed batteries 2 times since she bought the car , so 2 times in 14 years . 
  not sure if thats a lot for a car with that age , im really newb about this . 
  thats the thing , the key works manually but only on the drivers door . 
  it would be enough for me for it to work on all doors manually , but this way i actually have to go and unlock them one by one if anyone wants to get in the car , it 's so annoying . 
  i will go with the car to a mechanic i trust to check on everything so that might also help with my confidence haha . 
  thank you so much for your help !, 
  oh by the way the last time the lady changed the battery the radio stopped working . 
  apparently you have to go to a honda shop to get a code for it to work again . 
  do you know if i can get it to work in any other way ? 
  thanks . 
  they have a website for that ? 
  the dude on the shop was asking for 50 $ for that code !, 
  yeah im in europe , but im gon na try it anyway , thanks !, 
  riding panico , \u00e9 demais . 
  this is by far the dumbest comment ive seen in all of this threads , but please proceed to enlighten us with some evidence on it . 
  oh my gosh thats beautiful . 
  i know that a lot of people like to believe that , but i can assure you that thats not how business works . 
  thats the thing about pandora , i listen to it to discover new music , if i want to listen to what i know i just plug my phones to my ipod ... 
  630m to a 390 here . 
  i still cant believe the performance in the games i play , its like going from a bottom line citroen into a motherfucking bugatti, 
  i really love this song . 
  beasty riff , fuckin amazing solo , great to pump you up all throughout it 's duration . 
  i do n't care about what people say , i would totally get a nano to fit in a mini-itx build if i had the money . 
  it 's like buying a ferrari ... do i really need it ? 
  are there better cars for the same price ? 
  yes , but it looks fuckin cool and i still want one . 
  i think i have about 150 wins in lol from playing with my peasent friends . 
  it 's fun for shits and giggle but it 's such a boring ass game with no variety . 
  the thing that boggles my mind the most is the support role , which i like to play a lot in dota . 
  in league the support is literally a baby sitter . 
  you just sit there in the lane hoping that your carry isnt a retard and god forbids if you leave the lane to gank , the only ganking allowed hero in that fuckin game is the jungler . 
  why ? 
  and if you do be careful because everyone on the enemy team has a fuckin ward for some reason . 
  i do n't understand the appeal , dota is so much more open and forgiving to players who try different shit . 
  there are literally two or thrww dozens of heroes in dota that can play in 2 or 3 different roles , you have hard carries , position ones , that can be played in a position 5 support and vice-versa , it 's just such a versatile game and the item variety gives you even more room to try different builds . 
  yeah i tried it , i really enjoyed it but a friend of a friend who plays says that it has nothing to do with end game content which is basically what diablo is made for . 
  i think i will enjoy it , im just fishing for a good deal on it as 40 $ seems like a lot . 
  what is it that made ros so obligatory ? 
  yeah i tried poe a couple of months ago ( maybe even a year ago actually ... ) and it was a pain in the ass to play due to the constant desync . 
  that and the giant talent tree , when i looked at it the first time i got scared . 
  maybe i should try it again ? 
  i just thought that d3 was the overall better game . 
  ok , i will redownload it for sure . 
  but if it is the better game how do they get away with making it free to play ? 
  i mean its not that i doubt it is better but there must be a catch for free to play players ? 
  does nvidia have a card to compete with this one ? 
  because where i live i know that the difference between a 960/380 to a 970/390 is about 180 $ . 
  thats a lot of money and when i built my pc i wondered why wouldnt nvidia or amd ( to an extent , as they had the 280x but for some reason it is not sold where i live ) wouldnt fill this gap . 
  my point is that after reading a lot on mid range build parts i know for sure that there is a market for this , i just dont know why it isnt being filled by nvidia and why does amd do it so late . 
  i havent actually seen anyone say that amd will outperform next series nvidia cards . 
  what i see a lot is people suggesting amd cards instead of current nvidia series cards and i cant blame them . 
  the 380 is better than the 960 , the 390 is marginally better than the 970 at 1080p and better at higher res , the fury and the 390x gives the 980 a good run for its money too . 
  the whole thing with dx12 just came to cemment that . 
  there is a high chance that your current gen nvidia card will underperform in dx12 games and those are kinda close . 
  i wouldnt want to get a 400 $ part just to know that next year it will underperform compared to its competitor . 
  i built my pc hoping that it would last me 3-4 years . 
  once again i say that i havent seen anyone saying what you are claiming though . 
  if anything i think nvidia showed that they pull the best out of their architecture for the current gen dx , so i would expect them to do the same with the next one .
