  feed, 
  and so secrekt 783293486.0 begins, 
  this train only stops at the right stations . 
  aui was left , sorry 4head, 
  because you need [ this ] ( https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/kappa-everywhere-global-t/jafkphjeboadjffjfcigcdfdilpcacod ), 
  do you know where can i read on how to play it ? 
  i have n't played the mod in a long long time so i do n't know if they still use dayzcommander to launch it . 
  and how do i find out what that impedance is ? 
  i will be using the headphones with my laptop , desktop and maybe , rarely , my phone . 
  hey man remember me ? 
  i was looking for some new headphones a couple days ago and hit you with a number of questions about it . 
  since you mentioned the custom one pro 's ( i 've been leaning towards them now ) can you tell me the difference between those and the dt770 ? 
  what would i be better off with ? 
  and also do you know how do they compare to the brainwavz hm9 ( the ones i asked you about ) ? 
  i ca n't seem to find the hm9 vs beyer answer anywhere on the internet . 
  yeah , that 's what i 've been reading about !, 
  the dt770 seem to have an amazing sound and exactly what i need , but they are not very portable which is a shame . 
  i 'm really really torn but it comes down to 770 vs hm9 . 
  since you have the dt770 can you tell me if they come with a case to pack them on and move them around ? 
  i would like to use them in my university while studyin , but because of that i 'm really torn on buying them vs the hm9 . 
  well yes , of course , but i ca n't really do that if i do n't have them , so i have to base my opinion on reviews , on videos , on things i read , etc. 
  that 's a shame , i will be taking them with me to the university quite often . 
  i guess i 'll stick to something more portable for now and eventually i 'll get a pair just for my desktop . 
  thanks !, 
  yeah , that 's what i 'll probably do . 
  i will start now by ordering the brainwavz hm9 and eventually get something open to use with my desktop !, 
  thanks for the help !, 
  hype train status : derailed, 
  hmm i assume he is just clicking the play option on the steam library . 
  how do i make sure that battleye is running as well ? 
  thanks , i 'm telling him now to try that . 
  i 'll report back . 
  nope , he tried that and it still does not work : /, 
  yeah , i 've tried telling him to verify the integrity of the game cache and it 's still the same . 
  i 'll go over reinstalling and rebooting to see if we can get this done with . 
  thanks for trying to help , really appreciate that !, 
  lol, 
  man i 'm torn between these and the audio technica m50x . 
  the thing is i like to move my headphones with me to the university , and from mid to end of semester i spend basically my entire time there . 
  i feel like i will enjoy the beyers better but the m50 's are more portable and i would n't even need to buy a seperate case as they already come with one . 
  wow thanks bro , that actually seals it , i 'm definitely going for the at 's . 
  yeah i 'm walking them around even though most of the time they 'll be at home in my desktop . 
  the song that actually got me into them . 
  the first time i heard it i had this weird feeling of dej\u00e1 v\u00f9 , really fucking creepy and awesome at the same time . 
  it 's still my favourite song from them i believe . 
  that 's what i was trying to understand when i asked if it was any difficult . 
  so far , from the streams i 've been watching , the players can be god damn awful at aiming and positioning but they still get away with it and do the missions easily . 
  i was just trying to understand if soloing would be a good challenge . 
  thanks for the input, 
  i 'd buy, 
  you know what i 'm a bit late but i 'm gon na throw this in here as a guy who has not bought the game yet exactly because of the way i see the dz working . 
  the thing is the game was advertised as a third person lootershooter with this amazing area of pvp for you to show your `` skill '' ( rather gear , as that 's all this is about really in any of these kind of games , not a critique though , i actually enjoy it ) . 
  however there is zero pvp . 
  you actually make a point for me in your own post by saying that the people who are pvping are those with all the high end gear and that have literally nothing else to do , that 's how bad the state of pvp is in when the people who do it are only doing it because there is nothing more . 
  the thing that i do n't get with any of these posts about how the rogue system should be the way it is is this though : why the hell should there be a dark zone if all you guys want it to be is pve ? 
  then why not just keep those areas another part of the main map , where you can do challenging missions and etc to get more shit ? 
  cause right now by what i 've been watching and reading that 's all the dark zone is . 
  hell , there 's even people not going there at all saying that there is no point . 
  honestly it feels like the dark zone was a well thought section of the game if it had the raid bosses and dungeons like other mmo 's have , but the rogue system just seems like it was an afterthought . 
  maybe later down the line they will add all this and the game will become much more appealing , by what i 've been seeing from massive they seem like a company who could pull this off but right now , as an outsider , i see no point in getting the game as i see no place where i can use my high end gear . 
  sure doing the missions in the max difficulty is cool and all but it all seems so mechanic , so unrewarding that it leaves little to no `` compensation '' for getting all that dope gear . 
  this is just my opinion as a guy who has not gone out and buy the game yet . 
  i thought it might be good for you guys to also try and see it from that perspective . 
  cheers !, 
  alright , maybe people who have the division and a 390 could share with me some performance tweaks i can do ? 
  because right now i 'm running the game on medium on 1080p and i barely get 60 fps on the outside areas . 
  my 390 sometimes goes as low as 60 % usage while my 4690k is up to 98 % most of the time . 
  is it even possible that this cpu is bottlenecking the card ? 
  well i guess i 'm just unlucky but i got the game yesterday and so far it 's been pretty disappointing in terms of performance and appearently i 'm not alone : https://www.reddit.com/r/amd/comments/4asbx2/psa_if_you_have_an_i5_highend_amd_gpu_and/, 
  i do n't know though , i 've fiddled with everything and i just ca n't get stable 60 fps outside unless i 'm playing on medium or lower quality . 
  16.3 crimson, 
  no , i might need to . 
  nothing on the side . 
  i do n't know man , even with everything on medium sometimes it dips to 45 fps , it 's really frustrating . 
  yes , i have it off . 
  well yeah i 'm actually kinda worried something 's wrong with my system , but it performs well in other games so i do n't really know ... 
  still here , can confirm . 
  did you even read his fucking post ? 
   you reach lvl 30 in about 20 hours of normal gameplay , unless you intentionally waste you time . 
  5 more hours and you have most purples that you want from dz subways . 
  at that point , about 25-30 hours in , you literally through 90 % of what the game has to offer, 
  he is absolutly right . 
  i 'm enjoying the game because i just want to shoot shit , but you get very little in terms of variety . 
  even those 20-30 hours including the side missions are essentially ctrl + c ctrl + v from previous missions . 
  it 's really repetitive and when you get your high end gear you ca n't help but wonder `` well , where am i gon na use this now ? '', 
  yes, 
  pre-ordering a game based on an e3 demo is like going to mcdonalds expecting your burger to be as amazing as the ones in their commercials . 
  did you pre-order it ? 
  it 's a marketing stunt . 
  e3 is a tech demo , it 's where they show what they can do with a fucking giant ass file full of amazing textures running on a pc . 
  people need to grow out of it and stop expecting it to be the final product much like you do n't expect the things you see in commercials to actually be that way in real life . 
  it 's wrong , yes , but it 's just how it is . 
  hype sells games . 
  does this include the eu dates as well ? 
  it seems from the earlier ac/dc update that the dates where they need a replacement are only the us ones . 
  but what will hapen to the may dates ? 
  and can you also explain what they did to fix it ? 
  i 'm pretty sure that 's not what warranties are for . 
  man i cant play dota anymore . 
  its so god damn stressfull to be playing in a game for 45 minutes with people just shit talking and being direspectful constantly like little spoiled kids .
