  what happened for them to block your account ? 
  you only raise the exclusives point because you feel the need to justify your buy . 
  what stops you from playing the game on your console when it comes out ? 
  nothing . 
  however you feel the need to tell other people how you think its wrong that they are able to enjoy said game on the platforms they own . 
  that shouldnt affect you at all . 
  thats the whole point of whats wrong with exclusives on console . 
  they exist on pc because either consles cant run them or they are simply too complex to port to a console or be played with a controller . 
  console exclusives however are exclusives for the sake of being and i get it from an economic point of view , but not from a gamer point of view . 
  consoles should sell over the pc for other features than exclusives . 
  make them have something that the pc doesnt have , come up with ideas , just dont make people buy 5 year old hardware if they want to play the new halo . 
  thank you for this !, 
  i never said anywhere that you said it was wrong , what are you trying to say ? 
  im just sharing my point of view . 
  you ask `` what about the xbox ? '', 
  as if exclusives are the only thing going for it . 
  well if thats the case - and it does indeed seem to be the case - then dont you think that its purpose is simply flawed ? 
  thats what im trying to argue , consoles need something else to make them worth buy them , exlusives for the sake of it are fundamentally wrong to me as a gamer . 
  the whole point is consoles should be selling for things other than exclusives . 
  i honestly do n't really care about realism , as long as i can equip some neons , overly big ailerons that serve no purpose whatsoever as far as aerodynamics are concerned , some sparco stickers all over the car and wierd tribal ones too . 
  if you give me a game where i can spend half my time on the body shop upgrading my car i will buy your game ea . 
  thats sad . 
  anyway im not actually expecting anything other than having to pay for most of the costumization so i will hold my horses on this one , there is already confirmation that microtransactions will be part of the game . 
  good old ea . 
  thanks op !, 
  still , 10 bucks for call of duty 2 , i mean ... 
  they could even reanimate some of their online communities by dropping the prices to like 5 bucks for a blops or mw2 or something , i would buy that , but not for 20 bucks . 
  come on , i get new games that i spend more time on with more content for less than that . 
  fuck you indeed, 
  honestly nostalgia is the only reason i would be buying this game and i like neons so why not ? 
  neons on the frostbite 3 , lord i would cream all over my keyboard . 
  868 why not !, 
  and my favourite food right now because its summer is probably sushi , cant get enough of that with that sweet soja sauce . 
  [ here is a cool band i really enjoy while playing games ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_u4md_axvje ), 
  i watched that when they announced it at e3 . 
  the thing that worries me is that it 's ea we are talking about . 
  you see all the locked places in the rear bumper , license plate , etc ? 
  i just hope it 's not locked because it 's dlc or some shit , but my hopes and expectations are really low even though i think ea has the engine and means to create the best arcade racer ever . 
  could you imagine a game like this with workshop tools for modders ? 
  you could create your own custom body kits and stuff , it would be glorious . 
  yep . 
  tried changing from high to medium , tried different resolutions , still crashes . 
  well it held longer , i could play for like 30 minutes but then it crashed again ... 
  thanks , i will look into that !, 
  do you know any kind of place like a facebook group or website that rents some houses or bedrooms to students ? 
  also 1000 sek according to google is about 100 $ ? 
  that does not seem too much for a full month , although its not great either . 
  how much would a coffee cost there just so i can have a price point to compare ? 
  it does n't even work with my card . 
  i know both those songs and i can tell you that its none of them . 
  i just do n't understand people who say `` you have to support linux so devs can start making games for it '' . 
  when was the last time you had to support a product of any kind in the hopes it would get the attention it deserved ? 
  never . 
  i , as a gamer , will not use a platform that does not support the games i want to play , it 's as simple as that . 
  you have to invest your money to get games on it so that people can start using it . 
  it seems like a catch 33 as games will not show up on that os because devs do n't think there is enough people that will buy them there and people wo n't buy them because there are not enough games but i can tell you for sure that it 's not gon na be the masses that will take the first step in addopting an os that does not support a vast number of games . 
  8086 , thanks op !, 
  the thing with obs is that i tried recording 10 minutes of gamplay with one of their codecs at 60fps 1080p and it resulted in a 20gb file . 
  thanks op !, 
  thats not really ok for your setup . 
  check your cpu , you are getting idle temperatures while gaming , that shouldnt be happening . 
  dont you have to play them in order to understand the story ? 
  i have an r9 390 and the only game that crashed so far was the first bioshock and that was a windows 7 compatibility problem . 
  every other game i played did fine . 
  isnt it a gta problem ? 
  even on full load its silent ? 
  i can clearly hear the fans of my r9 390 when they kick in, 
  yeah , totally agree . 
  how are your temps on full load in demanding games ? 
  yup , about the same as me . 
  its that ive seen people reporting getting 60 degrees on full load with nvidia cards and was kinda worried, 
  banned, 
  you underestimate the lack of better things to do of internet trolls, 
  i have a 390 and a 650w xfx psu and its doing fine , im pretty sure a good 550 one would also do it . 
  go for it, 
  now valve will have to give the videos to every team in ti, 
  ok this is really worrying me as i am not able to access my steam account at least until the day after tomorrow . 
  i had my email confirmation step enabled . 
  still should i be worried ? 
  could they have gotten my password or was it just resetting ? 
  868 , thanks op, 
  check temperatures with something like msi afterburner . 
  also check the usage of both your cpu and gpu as something might be bottlenecking your games even though i highly doubt it . 
  well im on mobile right now but maybe google your cpu and the games you have issues on to see if there are other people reporting the same issues . 
  maybe someone will have something that might solve your problem cause i know how to detect the issue but i know nothing when it comes to solve it , sorry . 
  this is really weird . 
  do you have any other games like crysis 2 or bf3 that you can compare with me ? 
  cause i have an msi r9 390 and i get 100 + fps on ultra in those games . 
  i havent tested metro yet but im pretty sure i can get at least constant 60fps on ultra at 1080p . 
  guys i have 4 $ left . 
  what is the best game up to 4 $ that i can buy ? 
  + / u/user _ simulator / u/nuckchorris87attempt, 
   on twitch, 
  fuckin idiot gamers who use the os that supports the majority of the games ... 
  not sure if serious, 
  im pretty sure he was joking as opeth songs are posted on a regular basis in here . 
  i actually really like heritage . 
  i know it took a lot of flack from the fans , but i respect a lot bands that innovate their sound , that search something new while still maintaining the traces that made em unique and opeth does just that in heritage i think . 
  this song , i feel the dark , slither and haxprocess are great . 
  i still strongly prefer albums like ghost reveries and damnation in terms of musical composition though .
