  renzi is doing that already, 
  those debts will not be paid . 
  you know the saying , when i owe you 100 $ i have a problem and when i owe you 1 000 000 $ you have a problem . 
  so german , french and italian banks better be prepared for writing the debt off in the future economists like stiglitz say that austerity will never bring greece to a decent level of gdp growth but that it will squeeze its economy forever . 
  and i guess times of crises are the times for government to act , not step back, 
  they do n't have to leave that agreement . 
  they have to wait until france joins spain and italy in questioning german policies . 
  that may happen in 2017 , even if le pen does n't win, 
   plus we worked well with them in the past , why should it be different these times ? 
  it 's just that both sides have to get used to it again because germany would have to accept a lower trade surplus and i doubt it will . 
  i agree that government spending in france is way too big , but nevertheless the problem of economical imbalance exists  these people are still refugees which should return to syria after things are cleared over there . 
  the bakan war is a good precedent for people actually leaving most of them are n't refugees and in my view they 're to stay in germany . 
  they can be assimilated , but that is a distant future and social tensions will rise , not only between migrants and natives , but also among the old fashioned germans of the old party system and new parties like afd . 
  or maybe these old parties will change their stance as well, 
   they criticise us for different things though they 're criticizing germany for the way in which it 's handling the eurozone crisis , mainly of course about internal devaluation , which is not solved yet  every major country wants other countries to follow and there is nothing wrong with that yeah , i meant that germany is accused of being stubborn and thus unable to actually solve problems  but it is very possible ( and desirable ) that we will not be the only country leading in the future . 
  france , maybe the uk ya , well i do n't envy you with your migrant time bomb and the inevitable conflict with france tbh :d tough times ahead of germany imo and some other countries as well, 
  well , maybe you 're right that for local communities this will bring new opportunities , but it doubt it will bring opportunities and growth for national economies . 
  i think growth depends mainly on cooperation between companies , people and taking risks by investing in new things which is now called `` innovation '', 
  what the heck ? 
  why would there be a compulsory arabic language anywhere in poland?oo, 
  some experts here say that germany is just too proud of itself and its economy to listen to anybody and it wants to teach others or at least wants others to follow . 
  you know , a lot of foreign economists criticize germany as well , especially stiglitz , so it 's not like it 's only italy or greece that do that, 
  hollande stepping up to germany would be a catastrophy for the eu , because germany will never step back . 
  they 're just way too convinced that they have the best solutions , they have the best model of economy and state , and that others should be observant , not questioning it, 
  well upa is pretty much a ukrainian form of nazism , like ustashe in croatia or arrow cross in hungary, 
  [ museum of the history of polish jews ] ( http://specials-images.forbesimg.com/imageserve/45b64380c42e57e280b9fc59444e5f7a/0x600.jpg?fit=scale&amp;background=000000 ) i think it 's the most expensive museum in poland , yet it looks like horseshit, 
  you 're from germany and you ca n't possibly know the problems of a post-communist state and especially the pathologies and circles of power in a state like that your secret services are not present in politics or business , because they 're supposed to care for your security . 
  i guess you do n't have bnd involved in plotting against some political parties , trading guns for personal gains or generally using concealed information to influence business and politics and that is the case in post-communist states communism caused a lot of pathologies especially in the defence sector , so it 's hard to say whether pointing to communist origins of one 's career is like witch hunt or not , it depends on an individual example in the end , but describing communist influence as a general problem , is totally acceptable you must remember that post-communist states are not like the states you 're used to and they have different problems , and your media wo n't give you the necessary information as well , because they simply do n't know that, 
  who the hell knows some say it is because the current minister of defence said that people who started their service before 1989 ca n't count on having any developed career in the military . 
  also , some russian media described those generals as being schooled in the soviet way or something like that , defending them of course i guess you have to wait for more news, 
  is this built by a turkish company or a foreign ? 
  i guess the americans are fine with some 5 judges making decisions over the heads of 50 states . 
  now when scalia is dead i guess they 'll experience even more what it means not to restrain judicial power, 
  italian , french , spanish , portuguese sound nice from the polish perspective czech sounds funny ;p, 
  and what does vichy regime have to do with colonialism ? 
  and what did the french do ? 
   it 's amazing how much they hate themselves and their ancestors to reason such despicable actions they live in a different cultural area and have a different political tradition , an imperial one , so obviously if you want an empire , then you praise those who managed to make that empire as big as possible . 
  sadly , russia exists for conquest and stops only when it meets power . 
  there 's a good and not too long piece from nikolai berdyaev about the poles and the russians , which i do n't think is entirely correct . 
  here 's the [ link ] ( http://www.berdyaev.com/berdiaev/berd_lib/1914_178.html ) if you 're interested, 
  i actually think you and trump would feel ok with each other because you 're a populist and a demagogue who shouts `` look at that gold !, 
  and they could 've spent that on food for poor children ! '', 
  sure , i bet all those towns and cities would look prettier and be better if they were all gray and built of concrete . 
  and i do n't think you need any fancy clothes , you 'll be ok with just a potato sack and a cloth to cover your butt if potato sack is not enough, 
  i do n't advocate for anything , i 'm just asking, 
  whole europe is today ideological . 
  liberal democracy and in general social liberalism is an ideology . 
  this is a communist-like ideology that believes that it has found the laws of history and that all nations strive towards social liberalism and liberal democracy , this is a belief in a linear history , and communists would envy social liberals , because they are more effective in purging the collective memory of europe 's classical roots . 
  who knows , maybe in the end muslims will save western europe from the social engineering of the modern state, 
  it refused to include guarantees to polish-german and czech-german border in the treaty of locarno and called the new polish state a season state . 
  actually the weimar republic treated poland worse than the 3rd reich , until 1939 of course , and openly stated its hostility towards poland , unlike hitler . 
  also , it has been cooperating with the soviets and that cooperation stopped when hitler came to power in 1933 . 
  it was revived in april 1939, 
  so , is there a possibility that the military will intervene in turkey against the government ? 
  because iirc , the military has a duty to protect the constitutional order in the country . 
  and i 'm not talking only about this thing , but also about the fact that erdogan said that he wo n't respect the ruling of the constitutional court, 
  that 's possible , but the weimar republic was revisionist as well and generally the germans were very angry at the paris treaty even without the nazis and if there was a fascist movement to emerge in europe , that would be the one that advocates for an even larger state and control . 
  so contemporary fascist minded people are those who advocate for hate speech laws and ideological censorship . 
  in general fascism is a creation of modernity , it 's then when social engineering on a gigantic scale starts, 
  some foundations of nazism have been developing already in the xix century , so it 's not like it came suddenly and did n't have any ground prepared before the depression, 
   the majority of the wealth went to the top hospitals and schools were run by the c church . 
  it 's not like all this money was spent only on entertainment , alcohol and food , even today money is wasted oh , and back then people cared for their liberties and they would n't accept the modern , powerful , technocrat state that seeks to interfere in so many communities, 
  i 'd say that this road wo n't bring any economic opportunity . 
  i do n't deny the fact that infrastructure is comfortable but in the end it 's really only pouring out concrete . 
  all this talk how countries can improve their development by renewing their infrastructure is to me bullshit . 
  if you want to have development then you have to encourage people to take risks , invest and work on productivity , but saying that a road will bring opportunities is a typical media sensationalism, 
  a stupid road is supposed to be a chance for development ? 
  roads are not responsible for development , i doubt they have any significant impact on labor productivity or foreign investments, 
  what about judicial activism ? 
  is it a threat to democracy as well ? 
  so is there anything similar to podemos and syriza on the rise ? 
  jan kulczyk died not long ago, 
  read : yeah , we will censor you, 
  i 'm trying to make a point that ideologies often are being implemented under the pretense of science . 
  both marx and rosenberg thought that what they believe is scientific like what newton did . 
  this is why i call those people materialists . 
  nazis thought that murdering people is almost scientifically justified . 
  they were wrong but at that time people believed that any description of a society can be scientific , thus the society should be transformed like matter can be transformed . 
  people thought that they have replaced philosophical descriptions of politics and nations by scientific and objective theories . 
  i 'm not saying physics is wrong , i 'm only pointing to the phenomenon of scientism which is different than , we would say today , hard-science, 
   it is n't inherently fascist it is inherently national socialist , because it was treated as a scientific explanation of the world , just like communism . 
  why do you think commies spoke so much of historical necessities ? 
   racism was n't grounded in real science but in pseudo-science they made up but it does n't matter . 
  they believed it is scientific , because modernity created the worship of science . 
  it was pseudo-science in reality just like communist historical necessities were pseudo-science , but nevertheless , the intellectual climate of the time was such , that they believed that the superiority of the teutons was an objective statement just like some claims in physics and chemistry are objective . 
  to them racism was pretty much like sociology for comte nazis believed that their scientific racism is objectively proven just like commies thought their ideas are objectively proven . 
  both doctrines are a product of the age of materialism and worship of science, 
  yeah , but you 're not analysing the doctrine here . 
  to understand what national socialism is you must know what it says and what influenced it, 
  namely what ? 
  people in poland are sceptical of muslims because of the doctrine , not because of their skin colour or anything physcial and material, 
   uhm no , facsism and national socialism were deeply romantic ideologies yes , that 's why i mentioned that there was already a nationalist ground prepared and nationalism was influenced by romanticism obviously but national socialism was a mix of the emotional , occultism and of scientism . 
  national socialism , just like communism , had a scientist component in it and sought to transform the world through social engineering according to scientific racism people like houston stewart chamberlain , who was a son in law of wagner , provided pseudo-scientific explanation for the superiority of the teutons , which inspired alfred rosenberg . 
  nazism was clearly a product of the worship of science . 
  in this sense nazism is very much left wing, 
  nazism is what you get when you reduce people to flesh , it was a materialist ideology . 
  previous german generations set the chauvinist and nationalist foundations , and `` scientific racism '' only justified the german sense of a historical mission . 
  it was the same as `` scientific socialism '' . 
  and when your claims are `` scientifically '' proven , then you want to implement them , because they must be correct , right ? 
  well , at least you 've got crimea back .
