when they 've gained so much from the west you mean british and french intellectuals supporting communism ? 
  i 'm not even asking about germany, 
   they have introduced some kind of consorship and for example the movies from russia can not be shown in public television because they 're trying to cut ties with russian culture , strengthen their own identity and well , ua-rus relations are terrible now ukraine is far from being anyone 's colony , except russia 's not long ago . 
  so yes you 're kinda talking like a russian troll and btw . 
  even if ukraine is a us colony then why do you even care ? 
  as long as russia is kept out i would n't complain very much . 
  when you 're facing a stronger opponent you need allies , what 's so weird about that, 
  it 's not the same as male circumcision , so i guess not . 
  just like killing people/animals to pay homage to the gods, 
  well , when somebody praising the nazis joins your party , then clearly there 's something wrong xd did he get kicked out at least ? 
   freedom of religion should not mean that religious actions and traditions should be given special treatment so , you 're like an enlightened bolshevik ? 
  yes , we should respect the autonomy of religion , because this is a fundamental part of human freedom . 
  when the government gets to set in its view proper religious beliefs , then you 're doing away with the separation of the church and state now , i think that government intervention should be proportional , e.g. 
  cutting one 's limb is not the same as circumcision, 
   because they congratulate other far-right parties like the french front national for their success ? 
  and why exactly is the fn far-right ? 
  i think this is a party of liberal nationalism  because they think it would be a great idea to open fire at women who are trying to cross the border ? 
  but do they advocate for killing those people , or do they simply want to use the military to protect borders ? 
  afaik australia uses its navy to prevent migrant boats from coming , how do you want to protect borders without the police , border guard , military ? 
  can anyone tell me why afd is far-right ? 
  i understand that you may dislike afd , as i do because of their sentimental vision of russia , but why call them far-right ? 
  as for banning circumcision , this is yet another example of state interference with religious freedom , but i guess for the enlightenment absolutism in the west , it is a normal thing to do, 
   maybe they value opinion of numerous lawyers above yours ? 
  let me remind you that the law faculty in warsaw issued its statement condemning the president with a 60:40 vote and in cracow 55:21 or something . 
  i would n't say that is few votes against   over 90 % of polish layers and constitutionalists you wish even if that ruling of the ct has an ex tunc effect , so what ? 
  was this article a basis for a regular court ruling ? 
  no , that only means that po-psl-sld have based at least 2 of their candidacies on an unconstitutional article , but still that ruling does n't create any legal obligation for the president to swear in the rest of the elected judges so in the light of this , if one wanted to prove that the president has broken the constitution , he could point to the bill and the constitution itself , not the ruling of the ct what we have now is simply a personal quarrel between the head of the ct and the government + the president , but the ruling still creates no legal obligation, 
   refuse to accept its rulings ? 
  i 'm referring to the argument around the election of judges , not the recent ruling , which i think should be published , and they 're stupid not to do so, 
  just like my posts are downvoted by the anti-pis brigade , full of ignorants btw pis will have to fucking make a deal with the current ct or po . 
  or they will have to wait until the current head of the ct steps down in december i believe it 's not that pis is wrong in this conflict , because they have very good arguments to question the election process of all 5 judges , but the political cost will be increasingly too big, 
  well yes , that does n't change the fact that the usa is the most important country in the world for poland right now , because it is the only alternative to russia-germany . 
  without the usa the only thing we can count on is an internal crisis in russia, 
   this is why we must strenghten our regional alliances , because some day we might hear the same words mentioning us you think czechs , lithuanians , hungarians or romanians have the capacity to help us in a potential conflict with russia?xd, 
   bolded part just says which judge election are affected by it answer one question - how many judges ended their term in 2015 . 
  and then you 'll know why the president has the right to question the election of all 5 judges  yet most lawyers in the country share my view not yours being in a majority does n't necessarily mean you 're correct or that your opinion is balanced my reasoning is clearly logical , have fun living in your fantasy world based on nothing but just pure emotional dislike for the current government and president, 
   we are not final because we are infallible , but we are infallible only because we are final but that 's not the same as justifying everything by the equal protection clause and due process clause judges are n't infallible but they ca n't take their argumentation straight out of their asses and that 's what the living constitution concept is . 
  thus you 're not a rule of law country anymore, 
   why exactly ? 
  read the amendment :  art . 
  2 , wynosi 30 dni od dnia wej\u015bcia w \u017cycie ustawy i wo n't even get deeply into the second part of your post , because i 've already given my stance on the issue and i 've written that the fact that the ct can rule what should be changed in a bill ( in this case in the bill regulating the ct ) does n't lead to a conclusion that the president has any legal obligation to swear in those 3 judges you people are so hysterical , yet you know nothing at all and to me , my stance is simply logical, 
   it 's been a living constitution for a very long time , that 's ok , it 's very different than civil law it 's not a constitution anymore but more like personal wishes of judges , which means that you do n't have a court anymore but rather an absolutist monarch that is masqueraded by the `` law '' and i 'd rather live in an absolutist monarchy than in a system which lies that it stands on the principle of the rule of law  but you ca n't argue that any government can ignore judgments of the highest court in this particular case i agree with you . 
  they should publish the ruling and change the bill , but as i said earlier - the president has still no legal obligation to swear in those 3 controversial judges , because it is not in the power of the highest court to tell the president to do so , but that 's not the case in this particular ruling, 
  your country is not a country of the rule of law anymore , because the `` living constitution '' is too flexible to give any certainty . 
  you should really take a close look on how your political system is a facade democracy, 
   president already violated constitution last year by not receiving an oath from 3 legally elected judges of constutitional court you do n't know the competences of the constitutional tribunal , and i doubt whether you have read the bill amended by po you can start with this :  art . 
  2 , wynosi 30 dni od dnia wej\u015bcia w \u017cycie ustawy one more thing - it is the tribunal of the state which decides whether the president violated the constitution , not the constitutional tribunal . 
  before you take any radical and one-sided stance on an issue , at least educate yourself about the way in which institutions operate , because you 're lying to those poor foreign people , who ca n't know a shit about our political and legal system, 
   judicial independence in constutional matters is the greatest safeguard of a free society nice one , you say that despite living in the usa ? 
  have you heard about the concept of a `` living constitution '' in your country ? 
  where judges do n't even have to look at the law but interpret it according to their personal preferences ? 
  if you 're so concerned about a free society , then you should perhaps start with your country , where judges will slowly force all decisions upon the society while ignoring the democratic process, 
   differentiating between specific cases is what lawyers do all the time . 
  if we did n't do that , we would n't need courts - computer programs could decide punishments that 's correct but the role of the constitutional tribunal is n't to resolve political disputes , but to rule on the law . 
  and the law is very clear - that amendment applied to all 5 judges , so the ct has no right to differentiate their situation . 
  still , even if it does , that does n't mean that the president has to swear those 3 judges in , because the ct can only say what has to be changed in a bill for it to be constitutional . 
  so ultimately the president can treat that ruling more like an opinion , not a legal obligation to do anything as for those 3 judges - i do n't have an opinion their term ended already after the general election , so the next parliament could elect them and some question the validity of the procedure , because po-psl mixed the procedure regulated in the bill and in the statute of the parliament . 
  imo pis is somewhat right when it questions these things, 
  that article applied to all 5 judges whose term ended in 2015, 
  all 5 judges were elected on the same legal basis and they do n't have to differentiate the situation of 3 and 2 of them edit :  art . 
  tribunal of the state can tell the president whether he acts against the const . 
  they should publish it but still i do n't know if the president should swear in those 3 judges , as the constitutional tribunal ca n't force him to do so and he has good reasons to question all 5 elected judges by the previous parliament, 
   the president still refuses to take wows from the three legally elected judges ( the ones elected by po , as per constitutional tribunal 's ruling ) you do n't know how the tribunal operates the tribunal can rule on what should be changed in a bill for it to be constitutional . 
  the tribunal ca n't rule on who should be sworn in by the president , since it is a court of the law , not of actions . 
  the court of actions is trybuna\u0142 stanu ( impeachment-like )  why would they question all five judges ? 
  po could elect 3 of them , but they elected 5 because po elected all 5 judges on the same legal basis by amending the bill and i quoted the article, 
  po amended the bill about the constitutional tribunal in june 2015 . 
  on that basis all 5 judges were elected for poles in polish , this is the part of the amended bill  art . 
  2 , wynosi 30 dni od dnia wej\u015bcia w \u017cycie ustawy so to say that pis is now attempting a coup is just being extremely one-sided . 
  did n't pis have the grounds to question all 5 judges ? 
  po created the mess , now we 're paying for it, 
  so why were there two separate states of german empire and austro-hungary ? 
  and why did dolfuss try to protect austria from the germans ? 
   however , in the course of world war ii the third reich created a totally new jewish ghetto-system for the purpose of persecution , terror , and exploitation of jews  the character of ghettos varied over times . 
  in some cases , they comprised a jewish quarter , the area of a city traditionally inhabited by jews [ from wikipedia ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/jewish_ghettos_in_europe ) so the question i have is - to what they want to bring the attention by preserving those ghettos ? 
  were the ghettos only areas of persecution and murder or were they accepted by jews ( i 'm talking about the older ghettos , not those created by the germans ) ? 
   do you have access to any data negating their effectiveness ? 
  i 've read a polish article describing among others this source http://jama.jamanetwork.com/article.aspx?articleid=2338251 you can read the results in the abstract i guess `` medical marijuana '' is just a nice pile of myths and bullshit . 
  so basically our health service will refund shaman medicine , but because it contains the word `` marijuana '' people think that 's so progressive, 
  it is a fraud because there 's no evidence that it works, 
  it 's hard to craft a definition , but saying that austria is a twin of germany because it speaks the same language and has similar ethnicity is just primitive nationalism/ethnonationalism austria for centuries had a different ruling dynasty , it fought against prussia that united german states , it had a different religion , its separate empire , these factors already make a big difference , do n't they ? 
   this sad ummm , is n't it quite the opposite ? 
  i 've read somewhere that jews actually valued ghettos because they saw it as a place for jewish autonomy . 
  could n't jews govern themselves with their religious laws in these ghettos ? 
   quite literally twins that might be true for bavaria , but i do n't think it 's true for the rest of germany . 
  austria has a different culture than germany and is or at least was mostly catholic . 
  i think austria was involved in counterreformation , no ? 
  the fact that you speak the same language and have the same ethnicity does n't make you immediately twins, 
  no it 's because you had a gigantic amount of invalid votes and a big difference between the exit polls and official results, 
  we 're talking about local elections , not parliamentary, 
  i have no idea why are they doing this . 
  medical marijuana is a fraud . 
  this is so stupid, 
  but please , they knew very well they have no power over these issues . 
  our current government party wanted greece to return to drachma , but who cared about what they have to say, 
  so , are there actually two afd politicians who said that police should be permitted to shoot ? 
  now , why is afd far right ? 
  was n't the opinion of that lady petry or sth , manipulated ? 
  by german policies i meant the strategy to tackle the eurozone crisis , and cee is not involved in the euro but you 're somewhat right , afaik france and italy have the same interests concerning greece as germany , so i guess they agree to an extent with germany , so blaming germany all alone on greece is unjust . 
  however it is clear that people like renzi , le pen and in the future probably some other french politicians will question the idea of austerity .
