  and i 'm sure the view from crimea on the black sea is like nowhere else . 
  putin is struggling for you, 
  i can hardly believe that a eurozone country can be doing well . 
  so it 's either the private debt or the public debt growing, 
  this situation is stupid as fuck . 
  does it mean that this question is in a queue ? 
  eu funds for poland are nearly meaningless , they are a tiny fraction in annual budget expenditures and income . 
  personally , if that helped the situation , i 'd give them away, 
  economy in europe is down anyway and it can go down only a little bit more ;p but there wo n't be another 2008, 
  look at his face . 
  finland is a country of bastards , how could you let anyone be so sad and disappointed ? 
  there are towns in poland where protestants are a majority , but i know only of those in southern poland ;p, 
  they wo n't . 
  the germans wo n't let them and they 're germany 's 17th land, 
   kaczy\u0144ski 's ministers have explicitly forbidden government institutions to advertise in the paper and cancelled subscriptions for government offices and courts give me back my monies !, 
  but that border enlargement would still be pretty insignificant, 
  you can see how brainwashed those people are by poor historians like gross when they do n't even know the number of casualties in jedwabne . 
  it was around 340 not 1600 , gross was wrong there . 
  i like the description `` noble victim '' . 
  and yes , poles were noble victims of national socialism and communism, 
  by the way - people tend to see these eu funds as a benefit that works only for one side of the deal . 
  but you people do n't understand the mental effect it has on local elites and citizens in general some of our elites are often funded by eu grants and they are very emotionally attached to the eu already on the level of rethoric , which is why they sometimes uses phrases like : `` poland makes a fool of herself in front of europe '' , `` europe responds/watches '' . 
  there was enthusiasm in tv when we got our president of the ep or when they threw a concert because polish presidency in the eu started xd , even though these things have no real power behind them personally i must tell you - i have no fucking idea why britain or france did n't block the decision to include cee countries into the eu . 
  it was obvious they would be instantly dominated by germany and that opening borders for them would result in a mass influx of low cost labor and companies . 
  i can understand the reason why germany was supporting the idea , because every country wants to use its soft power on other countries , when it 's possible , but other eu countries ? 
   but paying proper obeisance to the gods in antiquity gods were connected to states , thus practicing rituals and paying homage to the gods was a sign of being a good citizen and your relation to the divine was really only reduced to rituals christian god is not connected to any state and rituals are less important than obeying the teachings of god so in the light of this , atheism was understood differently . 
  so i 'd say the religious mindset has changed substantially, 
   that 's the whole point of having a military : having the ability to do whatever the fuck you want so in your view it is okay to seize land of another country ? 
  east germany stopped at 2/3rds of the west you know , pouring shitloads of money into a region does n't make it rich . 
  you must have appropriate mindset , customs , education , business hq , to work your way to prosperity, 
  was n't southern italy destroyed by garibaldi , your national hero ? 
  such a shame that france and germany will have to fight again over the euro : / it 's only a matter of time, 
  i 'm not sure whether a digitalized state is a way to go , because when there 's a cyber attack on your country , then you 're in deep shit . 
  hopefully estonia has the means to defend itself, 
   this meant , he said , that while atheism could be viewed as mistaken , it was usually tolerated -- although not in the case of socrates , who was executed in athens for `` not recognising the gods of the city '' if the whole book is similar to that line , then i guess it is just rubbish . 
  how do they know that socrates was an atheist ? 
  socrates may have rejected state religions but that 's not atheism . 
  christians in rome were persecuted because they have also rejected roman gods , does that make them atheist?xd i do n't think that materialism was as popular in antiquity as in modern era though, 
  is the gop going to divide ? 
   our politicians are , in fact , a representative sample of the spanish people this one is correct . 
  there are people who accept corruption and when politicians and businessmen steal , because they know very well that in their private lives they can trick the state as well, 
  this time i think it 's russia 's turn . 
  well , once again actually, 
  french worker is more efficient than a german or a british one , so why is this 35 hour work week bad ? 
  france would be doing great , but unfortunately it has the euro, 
  borders, 
  the difference between france , germany and uk is striking , even though the german gdp is significantly higher than the british and the french is almost identical to the british, 
  actually i think this is a terrific proposal , one that i support russia is simply the duchy of moscow conquering other ruthenian lands , so the name russia suggests that somehow moscow has rights to own kyiv and minsk , but why is that so ? 
  `` russia '' can perfectly cope without ukraine or belarus, 
  ok , so what exactly happened during the course of orban 's government ? 
  any hungarian would like to explain ? 
  did they delegalize parties , did they put politicians in jail , did they forbid associations or demonstrations , did the police visit people who said something harsh about the migrants as in scotland , did they fine somebody for saying something brutal about homosexuality as in france , or something against the current government ? 
  these social liberal journalists spew all these concerns about democracy , but is there any actual reason to be concerned ? 
  what has happened exactly ? 
  from what i know orban has won two elections in a row , why is that undemocratic ? 
  if the opinion polls will dramatically differ from election results , then you may be concerned , but so far , no such thing happened , so why be hysterical ? 
  cee countries should learn from those progressive , civilised countries they 're progressive enough to make sure that all people feel comfortable in their countries , even when that requires censoring people with brutal opinions , but that are perfectly acceptable in the public sphere hopefully some smartasses from smartass magazines will advise poland on how to properly implement progressive democracy xd, 
  whether belarus is a democracy or not is their internal issue and no one should intervene there saudi arabia , singapore , china are not democracies , why do some countries demand that belarus becomes democratic ? 
  he said that as a joke , but apparently his staff did n't prepare the interview well enough, 
  geographically - yes , part of it culturally - no russia was created by moscow through conquest . 
  it never really had any concept of a rule of law , corruption was a constant part of her political system and central power was never really limited . 
  as one polish sovietologist said - russia is an attempt to create europe in the east . 
  and indeed - just look at the reforms made by peter the great , they seem extremely desperate , almost like a deliberate purge of your own tradition , very similar to those of ataturk , and we would n't call turkey a country of a european mentality . 
  and they were extremely brutal , thousands of people died only during the construction of st. petersburg and they were so deep that boyars even had to cut their beards , because the tsar ordered so polish nobles refused to use the word russia and used moscow instead . 
  today , putin wants to grab ukraine , because the identity of `` russia '' so far did n't exist without kiyv . 
  russia without kiyv is the duchy of moscow , so if ukraine breaks away , this will be a historical crack in `` russian '' identity, 
  74 % debt , economy doing great at the expense of pigs - this country has a future, 
  the pigs countries are not frustrated at all , 
  did n't orban eventually push the state debt down ? 
  were n't his cuts successful ? 
  so what are you eating there in france or generally in countries below that eu28 mark ? 
  pasta ? 
  rice ? 
  what is the meat served with ? 
  these are quite common, 
  my feeling is that the debate is more free here than in some other eu countries and there 's a greater balance of different views, 
   but in short , poland used to be our greatest enemy until russia started to call itself russia ukraine was like a geographical region divided into provinces that do n't even match the current shape of ukraine . 
  for instance lviv/lw \u00f3w and volhynia were n't considered as ukraine . 
  and the ones who fought against the crown were really only the cossacks so to say that poland was ukraine 's greatest enemy is something i do n't understand . 
  there may be some truth to this around the end of the 1st ww , but even then it was really soviet russia that was the biggest threat for the ukrainians, 
  typical european , contemporary understanding of freedom of speech xd, 
  i 'm telling you , people will come to poland in order to release pamphlets against their governments , because they will be already banned there, 
  wales ... just what is wrong with you, 
  the guy is a sociologist who lacks credibility . 
  he initially stated that there were 1600 victims , whereas now the estimated number is 340 . 
  he is responsible for the false description of a photo in his book , which he thought presents polish looters . 
  he is also accused of an uncritical treatment of the accounts given by unreliable witnesses , especially szmul wasersztajn . 
  gross should n't be read as the only author, 
  http://www.sup.org/books/title/?id=3235 http://thecharnelhouse.org/2010/09/06/a-comparison-of-larry-wolff%e2%80%99s-inventing-eastern-europe-and-richard-wortman%e2%80%99s-scenarios-of-power/ i guess you can google something more associated with that as well, 
   because that was the terminology used during the cold war and it stuck no , this is actually a xviii century concept, 
  is n't fico a social liberal ? 
  so should n't he approve of open borders and this kind of stuff ? 
  oh , so france wants its economy to decline even more?xd, 
   but did the europeans beat germany in 2 world wars without any further assistance ? 
  i do n't think so do you remember to whom in august , the 3rd reich had to turn in order to even start a war ? 
  do you remember which state helped germany to unite twice ? 
  i think that 's enough for the notion of lacking any assistance, 
  interesting , because recently our media have reported that `` human rights '' ngos alarmed that polish officers reject asylum applications in mass numbers of people from tajikistan . 
  so it looks like apparently those people are not quite sent back at all, 
   po-polan can finally into ... space ???
