  without it we would have not had the celtic tiger , nor the recovery from the last few years.the net effect , even if the gravy train stops now , is still hugely positive . 
  funny that the eu are doing this now that they know that the 15b goes directly into paying off the national dept. 
  this is germans paying germans , with us money , on the back of a law they tolerated for 20 years ( because poster-boy ireland , look what happens when you join the eu and do what we say ) , while completely fucking ireland . 
  if that 15b was going into the irish treasury this would not be happening . 
  which we will need to chase the multi-nationals down the street when they run away . 
  fuck religion . 
  it 's like saying the global whiskey movement has arrived in scotland . 
  it 's a dumb statement . 
  it is actually produced in ireland . 
  pharma is huge here relative to the size of the economy and population . 
  drugs as in pharmaceuticals , not recreational . 
  in that case ireland is probably the most suited . 
  a lot of us pharma companies have factories and headquarters in ireland . 
  ireland produced 22billion ( 39 billion currently ( http://www.idaireland.com/business-in-ireland/industry-sectors/bio-pharmaceuticals/ ) euro worth of drugs in 2012 . 
  uk produced 20b . 
  that is not corrected for population or anything like that . 
  only germany produces more , 27b . 
  edit : this is n't about where the perfect place to have it would be . 
  if that was the case the fucking everything should be in germany . 
  this is about the most sensible place to put it . 
  sure , put everything in france and germany and see what happens to european `` unity '' . 
  `` if you do that thing you probably were not going to do before we said this , then we will respond in exactly the way you would like us to . '', 
  you are delusional . 
  you are about to get screwed so fucking hard and about 17 million of you have no idea its coming . 
  if it was n't for the other 17 million i 'd be looking forward to it . 
  this is `` they will pay for the wall '' levels of delusion . 
  give the uk economy a few years to really go down the toilet after this and yeah , some unionist might come around . 
  the nice thing is , as a part of a peace agreement , the republic removed all claims to northern ireland from it 's constitution . 
  this was partially on the condition that if the majority of the people of ni ever voted to become a part of a united ireland , that the uk government must allow it and that both governments must facilitate this . 
  the demographics shift meant that this was inevitable on a scale of decades . 
  however , it just came a lot close with brexit . 
  assuming they would do it because they are getting economically ruined , then they would need to negotiate their entry like any other candidate i presume . 
  but from a much weakened position since they would presumable need the eu more than we need them . 
  that 's about 10 years too early to work . 
  but it will happen eventually . 
  the demographics in ni are changing . 
  catholic 's out-breeding protestants , who would have thought ... 
  i guess for you guys it would n't have made too much of a difference eitherway . 
  for the british , its pants-on-head dumb . 
  their main trading partners now have a vested interest in seeing them crash economically ( to stop further exits ) . 
  universal suffrage , and democracy , is broken when people can be blatantly lied to about the consequences of their vote . 
  the less educated , less qualified and most vulnerable people of the uk are the ones who will suffer most from this . 
  if they knew that then they would n't have voted leave . 
  the only way to fix this ( a ) stop them being lied to or ( b ) stop the people who listen to the lies from voting . 
  obviously option a is preferable and much easier to do . 
  but until then all my points still stand . 
  the statistics are there in the article . 
  or how about this instead : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/technocracy, 
  well you can . 
  the voters were grossly mislead by the leave campaign . 
  the year is not over yet . 
  one word . 
  i 'm referencing the statistics in the article that showed that the exit voters were significantly less educated and with less professional qualifications ( unqualified ) than those who voted to stay . 
  it 's lambs voting for wolves , the only ones fucking them is themselves . 
  when you are deciding you vote based on reading and watching media ( like the sun , daily mail , sky news ) that are owned by industry moguls then you are voting for what they want , not what is best for yourself . 
  watch what happens when eu labor law 's designed to protect those `` poors '' are removed . 
  the guys who own the newspapers will make more money , the guys who voted will work longer for less , in shittier conditions . 
  i 'm referencing the statistics in the article that showed that the exit voters were significantly less educated and with less professional qualifications ( unqualified ) than those who voted to stay . 
  so literally the vote was won by uneducated , unqualified class . 
  yay democracy :( always the people you want deciding the future of your nation . 
  edit : read below to get my actual meaning . 
  football . 
  sport of scumbags . 
  this is pretty crap article . 
  randomly talking about totally unrelated things and trying link them together to `` bla bla racism , bla bla immigration , bla bla eu '' . 
  it just looks like the author is trying to hit as many buzzwords as possible . 
  i live here and the dutch are neither confused or traumatized . 
  the immigration and integration issues here are being handled much better than in other european counties . 
  he keeps talking about changing public opinion with vague references . 
  source maybe ? 
  polls ? 
  quality of said polls ? 
  my experience here is that people are not worried about the eu . 
  why was the right wing party against it ? 
  it means that those undeserving of asylum are out fast and those that are can start being a productive member of society . 
  assuming it does n't actually result in more people getting asylum , then i would imagine the right wing party should be screaming for this to pass . 
  there is a big university there , the main subjects in the university are law , medicine and psychology , sociology and other non-technical subjects . 
  all the technical , engineering and electronics based subjects are done at other technical university 's in delft and eindhoven ( where the ratio is somewhat inverted ) . 
  the result is that there are waaaaaay more student girls than guys . 
  i lived there as a single guy for 4 years . 
  it was ... ridiculous . 
  on the sad side , i have noticed a depressing side effect on the confidence level of the girls that study there . 
  guys can treat girls like crap because they are getting laid pretty much no matter what they do . 
  it destroys their self-confidence . 
  an inversion of the 20 - 26 year old ratio in utrecht . 
  124 women for every 100 men . 
  hey , fuck off !, 
  i 'm allowed to slate ireland , you 're not . 
  well out of order :p, 
  because it 's not raining , the alcohol is probably cheaper , and the girls are not slugs . 
  i grew up in ireland , between 5 hours of irish lessons every week , and 3 hours of religion classes ( read brainwashing ) nearly 1/4 of my education up until university level was utterly pointless and useless to me . 
  and , because of that i loath the irish language . 
  i get annoyed every time i hear it . 
  making people hate something is not how you preserve it . 
  greece . 
  suuuure . 
  trying to discredit a group by pointing out it came to conclusions that the official investigation later came to , and are now the accepted truth by everyone but the russians themselves ... that will totally make them look bad . 
  well done . 
  the cliff was further back then , likely it was a d shaped wall or even oval, 
  so is any law .
