i hope they have something special ... 
  indeed , but it has to start from the ground up , otherwise its legally dead in the water . 
  every single person in that theater who could be held responsible for pressing that launch button is already dead . 
  the entire crew of the buk , their co , and maybe even his superior will all have disappeared at putin 's command in the days after the tragedy . 
  without them its merely a symbolic gesture . 
  you know that the waterford whisperer is a satire paper right ? 
  like the onion ... 
  this sub would be incorrect . 
  the eu is possible because of nato . 
  pacifists opposing the only thing that has prevented major european wars for 40 years . 
  clever . 
  yeah . 
  that 's not going to happen . 
  they would blame the uk since ireland has no sam system capable of reaching that altitude and the bombers are flying 3km higher than our armed planes can fly . 
  distillery . 
  and it was probably in midleton , in co. . cork . 
  technically its just a spelling preference that happens to be specific to the country of origin . 
  countries that have e 's in their names ( united states and ireland ) tend to spell it whiskey ( plural whiskeys ) countries without e 's in their names ( canada , scotland , and japan ) spell it whisky ( plural whiskies ) so equally technically we ca n't sanction whisky exports because we do n't spell it that way ... 
  your friends are sensitive to the difference because it implies different country of origin and hence different technique at various points in the process . 
  it must have felt reaaaaaly satisfying to open up the afterburners that time, 
  you and suddenlylibrary are the ones who derailed the thread by jumping on a perfectly valid and relevant statement . 
  all you had to do was not say anything and the conversation would not have gone this way . 
  and i could n't care less if you are the op , it does n't mean you get to decide how the discussion evolves . 
  what the fuck are you talking about backpedaling and pretending to be dumb ? 
  for the record , my stance is that refugees fleeing from shitty situations . 
  most of the middle east , should be helped in any way we can . 
  including allowing them to settle in western europe . 
  the biggest problem we have right now is that any attempt to have a reasonable discussion of the problems that will occur if this is allow is being shouted down with no moderate ground . 
  with no moderate ground there will only be two possible outcomes , the extremes : 1 . 
  nothing is done to address the problems , the whole thing blows up disastrously and the weakest ( i.e. 
  the migrants ) are the ones who will suffer most . 
  the people who want to address the problems in a sensible way will have no alternative but to go to the other extreme . 
  the rise of far right parties in europe over the last few years ? 
  yeah , that 's number 2 happening . 
  we 've been there before and it does n't end well . 
  so , when i see someone with perfectly reasonable concern being shouted down with broad , generalized `` job application to the express '' bullshit , i do n't want to let it slide . 
  and if you do n't want discussions about migrants in your thread , i suggest you stop posting them in r/europe, 
  it was n't a criticism of `` foreigners '' . 
  it was a criticism of the systems in place to deal with disease outbreaks . 
  in the context of massive influx of populations from regions with really really poor health care and sanitation , he is correct to be worried about it . 
  by context i mean the biggest concern europe has at present , regardless of the morals or ethics of if the migrants should be allowed to come or not . 
  when a problem is that large , then a lot of things will be examined within that context . 
  but hey , any way to white knight your way into a discussion works , eh ? 
  maybe if we ignore potential problems like this instead of predicting them , and addressing them then it will work out better for the migrants ? 
  public opinion is already against allowing them to come , how much worse do you think that will be if they see that disease control services are being stretched ? 
  keep sticking you head in the sand of political correctness every time and see what happens ... 
  did you even read his comment ? 
  i 'm pretty sure that by this point some of them had figured out that he was bluffing . 
  in my mind it makes the rest of the map untrustworthy when you see a specific case like that so wrong . 
  the chances of an attack in ireland are absolute zero . 
  and have been for a very long time . 
  yup . 
  at this point they are just another street gang . 
  whoever wrote that title should be fired ... 
  this guy us going to have fun time when irish inmates get to meet him . 
  so you have a problem , that ends up in europe 's backyard , and when they try to clean it up they are profiting from it , by not having their citizen 's killed by your fucking problem ? 
  delusional . 
  profit implies that they created a positive situation . 
  profit is not neutralizing a negative situation . 
  why should switzerland sarcrifice their citizens to help your problem ? 
  did you link the correct article ? 
  because i ca n't see anything there about it being lower than eu levels . 
  in fact the entire article seems to reenforce my original point . 
  yes we have . 
  me and about 30 % of my ( all boy 's ) secondary school ( high school ) class live abroad . 
  the gave me an excellent free education up to master 's level in 2008 and then no jobs . 
  that makes it even worse . 
  it 's not just people leaving , its the highly educated people that are leaving . 
  the 14 people arrested were all locals . 
  very informative , just read back on your comment history , well done . 
  i would n't bother with one for scotland . 
  they 'll be back in the eu shortly . 
  but 500 a month in stockholm is worth a lot less that 250 a month in romania surely ? 
  look at this guys comment history . 
  this is a dude paid to sit behind a keyboard in moscow and type this crap . 
  ignore him . 
  military personnel bangladesh , benin , bhutan , bosnia and herzegovina , burkina faso , cambodia , cameroon , chad , china , c\u00f4te d'ivoire , denmark , djibouti , democratic republic of congo , egypt , el salvador , estonia , finland , france , gambia , germany , ghana , guinea , guinea-bissau , indonesia , italy , jordan , kenya , liberia , madagascar , mauritania , nepal , netherlands , niger , nigeria , norway , portugal , romania , rwanda , senegal , sierra leone , sweden , switzerland , togo , tunisia , turkey , united kingdom , united states and yemen . 
  police personnel benin , burundi , cameroon , chad , c\u00f4te d'ivoire , djibouti , democratic republic of congo , france , germany , ghana , guinea , jordan , madagascar , netherlands , niger , nigeria , romania , rwanda , senegal , sweden , togo , tunisia , turkey and yemen . 
  the roots of the ira are in a movement that gained independence from the most powerful global power ever to exist , on their own doorstep . 
  the 50 years that followed was the definition of modern insurgency , british soldiers could not leave their own outposts , in a provence they had controlled for half a millennia , several hundred km from their capital . 
  it was brutal and murderous , on both sides , loyalist and republican . 
  but comical it was not . 
  they had clear legitimate goals and were highly effective and organised , 4 lions does not apply . 
  and still nothing will happen . 
  dutch politicians will try to make something happen and will be told to stop nato via back channels . 
   dispensary he would n't be able to spell that if he was , even if it was used incorrectly . 
  oh , it 's russian now ? 
  i thought it was rebels ? 
  they are handing out tow 's like candy in syria , so i guess thats what it will be . 
  jav 's are like 70k dollars per missile and need more training to use while only being marginally more effective in this kind of static war . 
   before he attacks you you mean about 2 years ago ? 
  also you can remove that irish ( false ) flag from your flair thanks , your english obviously not native . 
  the proxy is all on one side . 
  on the ukrainian side it is pretty damn clear who is on the ground fighting and what they are fighting for . 
  the economic pressure is already there anyway . 
  and some require it . 
  the debt itself is something we should n't have to start with . 
  although there was no doubt some pay-offs along the way , this is still one of the best moves the irish government ever made . 
  it was made in the interest of the country , for good or bad reasons . 
  even if it all goes tit 's up now , it still drove the economy for the last 20 years .
