  finland is willing to strike a deal for neutrality , and he 's good to go . 
   well , if f.e. 
  russia attacks ireland , finland , sweden or austria all 28 member states of the eu would be at war with russia . 
  not the other way around though . 
  if a nato memberstate is attacked , the neutral states are not obliged to assist regardles of the lisbon treaty , seeing as it does n't prejudice legal allignment . 
  maybe , maybe not . 
  i imagine putin would n't want to take to many risks . 
   ... officials from `` troika institutions '' will visit athens soon ... ahahahahaha !, 
   irish finmin says real negs with troika to be run by greek deputy pm , not @yanisvaroufakis it seems tsipras was n't joking , bye bye varoufakis ? 
  good luck to finland for defending that vast border . 
  and as the saying goes , sweden will in its current state of affairs , fight to the last finn . 
  they 'll do everything to stay out of the war , and i 'm quite sure they will not assist . 
  unless you mean sending food , medical supplies , helmets and fuel of course . 
  england for the uk is a good example indeed . 
  many scottish , welsh and northern irish will not like that name being used for the uk . 
  you think ? 
  nato has no obligation to assist them . 
  let 's turn it around , if russia attacks the baltics you can bet on it finland will not help , nor will sweden . 
  both also do n't have to help . 
  so why should nato help them ? 
  dutch gold is still in swiss faults to this day . 
  76 tons , the original gold bars . 
  you do n't seem to understand it . 
  ca n't be that hard can it ? 
  it 's not about the pronunciation . 
  we say nederland , the english netherlands , germans niederlande , etc. 
  holland are two provinces out of 12 european provinces and 6 overseas territories . 
  the country is not holland . 
  nobody calls germany bavaria , italy sicily or spain catalonia . 
  yea , so it becomes a game where the politically strongest members destroy others . 
  as always . 
  we are also both in mali and against is , but also in car . 
  so you 're spreading lies . 
  norway is in nato . 
  ireland , finland , sweden and austria not . 
  i think he meant what would happen when russia takes finland and sweden . 
  the us and canada would not be olbiged to assist . 
  because germany is a bundesland in deutschland ? 
  do you say italy or sicily ? 
  then these languages use it incorrectly . 
  hitler wanted everyone gone , including the british and russians . 
  he also made a plan to do so , but he did n't succeed . 
  just as he didn ; t in switserland . 
  it 's a country easily defended by it 's landscape that hitler could n't burn his fingers on . 
  the theft of jewish possesions and european gold did n't change their position , they where in that business for their own gain . 
  which is a not unheard of , just opportunistic behaviour , but at least be a man and wear it . 
   i 'm pretty sure i know my language better than you do and the netherlands is called holland here , just look at the wiki : it 's still incorrect . 
  i 'm pretty sure i know the name of my country better than you do . 
  i 'm sure they held their options open in the case of an allied victory . 
  no it 's not , and if they do , it 's incorrect . 
   so , i guess i was dreaming when i read about operation tannenbaum ? 
  no , just failing to interpret it . 
  i see the swiss as they are . 
  i do n't hate them , though i do n't like them either , if the facts somehow lead you to think i must hate them they are probably pretty awful . 
  yes and what ... ? 
  or are you another historical revisionist ? 
  no they would n't have been invaded . 
  they where all to keen to steal everything they could get their hands on . 
   or was it holland ? 
  the whole netherlands was neutral in ww1 , not just holland . 
  excuse me ; ` fate ' . 
  rather america 's buddy than most of europe . 
   is there a lot of dislike/hatred for switzerland in europe ? 
  i always figured they were one of those countries nobody hates , like canada . 
  they stole a lot of gold from jews and governments in ww2 . 
  i would like them a lot more if they returned what is n't theirs . 
  partly because of that , i 'm not fond of the swiss indeed . 
  they where never actually neutral . 
  they worked together with the nazi 's for example , that 's not being neutral . 
  they just choose their sides wisely , back then they choose the nazi 's , and if russia is the stronger party , they 'll choose russia . 
  rather an ecnomy to shitter than suffer the same fate as belgium . 
  most of our lands where outside europe anyway , and we never had many friends in europe . 
  to destroy our competitiveness ? 
  certainly , and we are succeeding , energy prices are 2-3x as high here as in the states . 
  they 're hoping to consolidate us interest in europe through economic and financial ties in a time where the us pivots to the asia-pacific , while the european order is threatened . 
  now if you could give me your adress ... switserland still holds 76 tons of our stolen gold bars from ww2 , though i doubt they are in your backyard . 
   he wanted to split our country up and give the parts to the neighboring countries ... great idea . 
  that would improve the world . 
  to who did n't you . 
  you still hold our stolen gold . 
  if the greeks would vote to leave , a referendum would be a great way . 
  we have wolves again . 
  i would rather have a bigger mediterranean sea , so larger distance to north africa , than a smaller , drained one . 
  oi , hands of our coast . 
  but that does n't say a lot . 
  there 's also a lot of difference in efficiency , bureaucracy and allocation . 
  also in gdp and purchasing power . 
  ssst , some things are best forgotten . 
  germany , as well as the germanic peoples around it , have a strong sense and perception of a society working together , much less individualistic than many countries like france or greece . 
  it 's the reason these countries have their welfare state , you take care of each other . 
  knowing that , if the community is hit by for say bankruptcy , it 's for a german only logical that all share in that burden . 
  paying you tax becomes a moral obligation , not a legal one . 
  being filthy rich is best kept hidden as long as there 's poverty etc etc. 
  if germany would be hit by bankruptcy , the majority of germans would take that . 
  they would take the austerity that follows , they will take the costs without much hassle . 
  much different than france or greece where hordes jump on the barricades at any loss in such a situation . 
  these societies have an entirely different social model and perception . 
   i feel a united army would be a move towards the preferred outcome of federalization . 
  * your * preferred outcome . 
  becareful with tying the people of europe stuck to some idea of a federal state not at all shared by everyone .
