i do n't believe that russians have planes with cruise missile capabilities . 
  these tupolev tu-95 's are actually their platform for long range nuclear cruise missiles . 
  so yes they do . 
  they also carry nuclear missiles when they fly around our borders . 
   there are at least 8 nuclear submarines at the bottom of the oceans that sank after problems . 
  their nuclear motors are probably still radiating . 
  water is an excellent radiation insulator though . 
  the americans have already dropped several nuclear bombs on europe . 
  one splattered on greenland , was never completely cleaned up , one on spanish soil ( parachutes failed bomb splattered all over an area which is still off limits ) and they lost two in the sea of the spanish coast . 
  a nuclear bomb will not detonate if it crashes . 
  the explosion needed for the chain reaction is so precise that it will only work if the detonator is triggered . 
  if a plane crashes and looses a nuclear bomb those bombs usually have a parachute deploying to provide a soft landing , if they do n't they desintegrate like happened in spain , and spread a few kilo of uranium etc. 
  on a strip of land . 
   the danger is in turning off radar transponders , that 's completely irresponsible . 
  that 's why they are followed by jet fighters . 
  which ireland ca n't do . 
  jet fighters can follow them on sight and transmit their position , force them away from busy traffic lanes if needed . 
  they do enter administrative airspace , they are allowed to switch of their transponder if they do not endanger traffic . 
  if they do , without a fighter jet you ca n't enforce safety . 
  as / u/hawkuk mentions i did n't say they did it on purpose , just that they where stupid to give such weapons which is begging for it to happen , and now they are stupid enough to again endanger civilian traffic . 
  if an accident happens again , it would not be deliberate , but still the circumstances for it to happen has been created . 
  it 's like driving with 130 km/h through public streets and overrunning a pedestrian . 
  you did n't kill him on purpose , you still created the circumstances for it to happen . 
  second world war ? 
  italy against france ? 
  love you too . 
  it 's all funny until another mh17 happens . 
  maybe that 's the worst part , that eventhough they shot down a civilian airliner , they still act with complete disregard to hundreds of innocent people . 
  when the germans where near paris , italy did n't even make it past the border guards . 
  :') i think it has something to do with italy 's record of fighting wars . 
  or rather loosing and having the right friends to give you some land anyway . 
  [ you sure ? 
  ] ( http://www.wolfsonian.org/sites/default/files/imagecache/object-300/object/xx1990.2093.jpg ) i think our biggest enemy is the english by any measure . 
  all of europe in our direct vicinity . 
  we fought for quite some years with the spanish for our independence . 
  we have fought numerous wars with england , even so with france , even against both of them at once ( disaster year-1672 ) have been occupied by france a few times , managed to stay out of ww1 , but the germans regretfully would n't let us alone in 1940 . 
  but if i would need to name our biggest historical enemy , that [ would be england ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/anglo-dutch_wars ) . 
  do we get along now ? 
  we have better partners in europe ( belgium , germany ) but we get along i gues . 
  falling criminality . 
   anyhow , in case the actual perpetrator can not be found the owner of the car has to pay the costs - $ 18.50 and nothing else . 
  one can not punish a person if one has no proof that this person did it . 
  only here it 's just `` the car is registered on your name , it 's your responbility . '', 
  if it 's stolen then it 's a different story of course , but you would have informed the police . 
  is that part of the procedure ? 
   there are no parking fines over $ 20 . 
  what ? 
  they start at 50-60 euro here depending on municipality . 
   in germany that 's only possible for parking fines up to $ 20 . 
  and if the parking fine is higher than $ 20 they wait until the driver returns ? 
  :p  why not ? 
  on our tickets they even print the picture of the face ( and the plate ) so you really know it 's you . 
  do n't know , the owner of the car is always fined . 
  if somebody else was driving , that 's the owners ' problem then . 
   except many of them were part of `` 9 eyes '' . 
  9-eyes is not the same as 5-eyes . 
  the 5-eyes nations have a more extensive exchange of intel . 
   and they also participated in the same type of espionage , including economic which is often glossed over on this sub . 
  not against their neighbours . 
   french intelligence was very active in economic espionage not too long ago ( and likely still are ) . 
  sure , we just never hear about it except in apologist responses . 
  `` but they do it too ! '', 
  is n't a valid argument in the first place . 
   you do n't ? 
  if the police does n't get a picture of the drivers face they can not enforce the fine against the driver . 
  it 's not allowed to do so here at speeds exceeding 100 km/h , as it 's considered dangerous . 
  we fine based on the license plate , and the registered owner of the car will recieve the fine regardless of who was driving . 
  the driver is not visible on the pictures , no matter what angle ( front or rear ) the picture was taken . 
   those ? 
  these are for the automated toll control system . 
  yep those . 
  i 'm always in doubt when seeing those . 
  not in the 5 eyes though . 
  many of this is economical and political espionage done by the us and the 51st state against european institutions/countries/companies / services etc. 
  the netherlands has huge over capacity in detainment facilities . 
  if i 'm not mistaken , belgium also brings prisoners to us . 
  i gues if we have spare room , and they a shortage , this is the perfect solution ? 
  only available in the uk . 
  under the ideal circumstances we would be able to dig a canal around us , place a few tug boats of the coast of zeeland and north and south holland and pull us a little bit further into the sea . 
  we would literally leave . 
  :p but seriously , yeah we 're tied to the continent . 
  some see that as positive , but it means there 's only one direction in which we can move , that 's a european federal state . 
  what if people do n't want that ? 
  there 's only so much you can enforce on people . 
  and it that would mean prosperity for it 's people ... but it does n't . 
       given that canada has managed to negotiate having access to the eu market , i would think that the uk could too . 
  in fact , i think this kind of arrangement would probably suit the uk well . 
  if the uk votes to leave there 's a cooling of period for all treaties to expire in which the uk and brussels can negotiate the exit strategy ( eea , or fta whatever ) i think it was 5 years , but i 'm not sure . 
  that would mean if you in 2017 vote to leave the eu , you 'll leave in 2022 . 
  we would be better off without the eu , but we 're tied to a currency . 
  this was indeed the purpose of the euro , but think about it , is that good or bad ? 
  the eu seems to be in a gridlock , and if it ca n't get out of that , ( civil ) war may be the only way out . 
  and i thought we where supposed to prevent that . 
  and you 're from italy of all places , look at what the euro has done to you . 
   but i do not even identify as european , cyprus is also not in europe , it 's in asia . 
   however , there is no guarantee that they will remain affordable . 
  low income households get financial compensation for healthcare insurance , but most of the healthcare costs come from the treasury here . 
  i like the quote from junckers which reflects on this neo-liberal global corporatocracy ; * `` we beslissen iets . 
  stap voor stap tot er geen terugkeer meer mogelijk is . '' -- jean-claude juncker * translation ; * we decide something . 
  we make it public and wait for a while to see what happens .
