  there 's a lot of theft from eu funds , mainly because the council has always blocked an eu prosecutor office , so there 's no legal oversight . 
   when they cut the scientific endaveour , was n't that because the scientific advisor was used as lobby-post ? 
   it is said not because it is surprising , but because it is new and reflects legislative changes brought about by banking union and the bank recovery and resolution directive . 
  i gues we 're moving in the right direction then . 
  the ` too big to fail ' narrative creates an unhealthy incentive to the financial industry which is dangerous . 
  banks , just as companies and persons should be held responsible for what they do , and go down the drain if they mis-manage . 
  preferably with some legal consequences for the culprits the `` ethics code '' as dijsselbloem called for a while back . 
  it should be something similar to laywers . 
  if they break the code , they should not be allowed to be bankers anymore for example . 
   a shame that the investors included a public body ( the region ) , so some of the loss will be passed on to taxpayers anyway . 
  yea that is a bit different , my ` rant ' was more pointed at the commercial financial industry , but still , government/public securities are also not risk free , otherwise we did n't have bond markets either but we would sell them at inflation/consumption delaying compensated rates . 
  anyway , i hope it does n't interfere with the day to day business of the affected municipal too much . 
  that 's true to a degree . 
  but the us can limit the impact by blaming it on our defense spending , the repetitive warnings , the agreement to spend 2 % honoured by next to no one , the eu not taking the security of its members seriously etc. 
  there 's also the question what they would be defending . 
  a bankrupt continent , in continuous economic and demographic decline caught in political conflict and divide with little to no future prospects . 
  it may not be worth it anymore for the us to protect us . 
  in the cold war some european nations we 're industrial powers worth protecting , we are n't any of that anymore . 
   will result in russia creating another crimea situation in latvia well more likely `` may result in . . '' we 're not sure they are actually planning that , and it 's unlikely . 
  the majority of people in the baltics could literally drink russian blood . 
  while crimea was legitimately pro-russian , as is parts of eastern ukraine to varying degree . 
  we do n't have sufficient military power to go to war with russia , but immediate response may prevent total war . 
   the population would not be willing to go to war i would n't be so sure of that . 
  when mh17 was shot down , * a lot * of people where not only ready for war , they where asking for it . 
  if they really attack you 'll be surprised , and we have a professional army , it 's not like we 're conscripting all reserves right away , when that happens we 're deep into a real war . 
   nato will or nato is gone . 
  yeah , of which the short term loser is europe . 
  i 'm not too fond of relying on a foreign power for our protection . 
  i wish europe took its defense a little bit hugely more serious than it does . 
  not only would the world ( including russia ) take us more seriously , we could also actually fend for our members ourselves instead of letting a foreign country ( us ) play us apart . 
  ( eastern europe is closer to the us than to western europe ) . 
  how do we ever expect to get a solid foreign policy or a firm union if we are so divided and not standing up for each other ? 
   ... even senior bondholders are likely to face a 50pc writedown , ... 
  the fact that this is said as if its surprising bothers me . 
  but it shows the sentiment i gues . 
  good that they finally dropped the axe for once , every other institution that follows should be bankrupt , deposits covered and away with the mess . 
  we do n't cover companies when they go bankrupt , because you do n't praise incompetence , financial institutions are the same story , do n't cover incompetence unless you want to institutionalize incompetence . 
  and do n't let tax payers cover the liabilities of share - , stock - and bondholders , unless we also confiscate their profit in good times . 
  nobody ever said investing and loaning money is risk free . 
  maybe even introduce a banking code making those responsible for made decisions whose consequences can be atributed to malicious or irresponsible acts liable for damages . 
  yes . 
  would everybody want it ? 
  doubtful . 
  we still do n't have a single foreign policy yet , so a single army wo n't work either . 
  many european nations ( france , spain , germany , uk , belgium ) are making up for that with the new [ airbus a400m ] ( http://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/5/5d/the_airbus_a400m%2c_the_raf%27s_future_transport_aircraft_mod_45151806.jpg/1920px-the_airbus_a400m%2c_the_raf%27s_future_transport_aircraft_mod_45151806.jpg ) right now most rely on us airlifts for foreign deployment . 
  ( even france ), 
  n\u00e1\u00e1h , they 're showing of with our old s-frigates ( [ kortenaer-class ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/kortenaer-class_frigate ) ) . 
  even the succesor of those ( [ karel doorman class ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/karel_doorman-class_frigate ) ) have mostly left our navy for the periphery . 
  the last 2 karel doorman/m-frigates are awaiting replacement ,, 
  [ indeed . 
  ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/trans-pacific_partnership#mediaviewer/file:tpp_enlargement.png ) we 're not in the pacific . 
  the eu has separate treaties with much of the countries involved . 
  to some extent , i 've seen it passing by on facebook from www.geenstijl.nl . 
  but it 's business as usual really . 
  people are used to it and mostly indifferent about it . 
  it 's a fifth column as they say . 
  enlighten us . 
   ( all russian planes , esp . 
  those tu-95 have huge radar silhouettes ) yea but many civilian airports have no primary radar . 
  without a transponder , airtraffic control has no idea that plane is flying there , neither do commercial pilots . 
   in international airspace , you can not simply force them away from their route . 
  it 's not allowed to come close to traffic without a transponder . 
  an airplane switching of transponders and heading towards a traffic lane warrants a warning and ultimately response . 
  they wo n't shoot , but they can lock radar , which will notify the other pilot he 's locked , they can bank and show they 're armed , sometimes they even make hand gestures if they refuse radio contact . 
   so the typhoons pretty much do only visual id the point is more or less that the airtraffic control sees the typhoon , so he also knows where the tupolev is . 
  of course it will . 
  it 's all happening right under our noses , and we let it . 
  it was my understanding that every deposit is covered until 100.000 euro . 
  your point of pensioners seems valid , but this does not include the poor . 
  the eu is not part of the tpp negotiations . 
  that would be the choice of the uk . 
  it would be a great loss in their power , and in the security of europe . 
  and who do you think gets shafted in foreign countries where the rich evade taxes with the help of cyprus ? 
   the wealthy from all over the world , though mainly from russia , hid money from their domestic tax authorities in cyprus , creating a strong banking sector in the country . 
  so they where just as well in this game , only now * they * got stung for a change . 
  we wo n't know that if they do n't hold a legit public bidding . 
  which is mandatory . 
  so the next time france does a bidding , regretfully , hungarian companies can sign into that , while they do n't offer it the other way around . 
  that 's not just a huge insult , it 's seriously hurting economic relationships in the eu . 
  but this one is . 
  the simple explanation is the one i provided . 
  these are russian troll farms , they raid reddit and other places from time to time . 
  i was aiming at romania . 
  they should stop complaining about others and arrange some boats and planes to bring them directly to sweden . 
  that way we do n't burden other countries and they do n't need illegal ways to travel . 
  sweden is large enough to accommodate these people . 
  these people do n't want to go to italy , sweden is the problem , and should solve it . 
  most of them are probably not deployable , and are outdated . 
  more is not better . 
  but yeah , germany is quite pathetic . 
  especially considering we share the german leopards with us now . 
  if we continue this hysteria , spain will be conquered by the russian federation in a few weeks . 
  let 's be serious , why would he start a hybrid war against latvia ? 
  he ca n't even take a chunk from ukraine without half the economy going down the drain . 
  he has started an information war , but that 's something different , and needs a different aproach . 
  now collect your roubles for the day , do n't wait too long , you may not be able to afford a loaf of bread from it tomorrow . 
  do n't feed the troll guys ... 
  he is using [ black propaganda ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/black_propaganda ) . 
  well it 's better than spain and greece . 
  i was n't guilt tripping anyone , those where accidents , and those happen anyway .
