  utrecht and maastricht are nice too . 
  prague is a safe city by the way , just watch your pockets as in many metropols . 
  i '' m afraid leaving the eurozone is just not that easy . 
  otherwise it would have happened already . 
  good , now more intelligent people will sell the weapons and reap the profits . 
  the swedish defense industry was n't fairing so well anyway . 
   is there actually any country where the divide between rich and poor people gets smaller ? 
  yes , globally the inequality is falling , though mainly because of china . 
  in europe and the us inequality has been vastly increasing the past 10-20 years . 
  remind me in 5 years , shall we ? 
  maybe we can arrange a referendum by then to see if we still want to stay in this if they join . 
  after we leave . 
  no thales ? 
  i also saw a lot of swastika 's in graffiti together with signs of the eu in that region . 
  also in croatia . 
   and military tech , which other countries can not or are n't willing to do . 
  is n't 18 % of china 's weapon imports from the eu alone ? 
  so that 's not just russia . 
   serbia ... join eu ... 2020 . 
  that 's not going to happen . 
   this was about a fucking trade agreement . 
  well it was [ a bit more ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/european_union_association_agreement ) than a trade agreement , it was an [ `` association agreement '' ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ukraine%e2%80%93european_union_association_agreement ) which also contains a political agreement , channels , and goals of convergence towards each other . 
  your point still stands though , but this aa pretty much equates to a political allignment to the eu , not just a free trade agreement . 
  russia does n't see the eu as a real entity . 
  they see it as a vassal state of the us , and thus nato . 
  and if you 're not capable enough to shield it , others will interfere . 
   anyways , it 's the usual diplomatic crap . 
  they are pretty much humiliating junckers . 
  not a surprise though , it 's earned . 
  it 's all noted in the article provided ( just need to google-translate it ) , and it certainly interferes in the relations , allthough the current ruling parties say they can not proceed with the claim because it would damage the relations , the opposition is opting to put down new claims in all ways possible . 
  some political parties even suggested starting pr campaigns in the us and europe about the stolen nazi-gold in switserland . 
  the whole debate was brought back alive with the recent swiss gold-referendum , they feared if switserland would vote to keep all its gold domestically and no longer allow it to be exported we could never get our gold back . 
  but it will take time to come to a new practical claim , we have little to do with each other , perhaps for the best , so getting bargaining chips is probably difficult , and good relations will not be very beneficial for switserland . 
  a retard it is then . 
  let 's see ;  & nbsp ;  & nbsp ;  & nbsp ;  & nbsp ;  & nbsp ; now ... it seems to work . 
  thanks . 
  there 's 2 billion euro still owed . 
  switserland returned about 75 tons of gold as our state launched a plea through the un that was `` not legally sound '' according to our ruling party , but switserland returned some unwillingly . 
  the last time switserland returned a load of gold was in 1998 putting the total value of returned gold on 78 tons , or half the claim , after that we where diplomatically informed to drop the legal claim through the un because it was unlawful . 
  to this day they are looking for ways to claim the rest with a lot of options being discussed . 
  what is stolen should be returned by the thieves , one way or the other . 
  if that deal is allowed under the eu treaties and laws , good luck . 
  nope . 
  it is n't quite working yet , it starts with ''  & nbsp ; '' and ends with '' & nbsp ; < '' ? 
   isolated  1 . separated from other persons or things ; alone ; solitary . 
   * `` also , judging by their public statements shortly after the desaster , the russian `` rebels '' thought they had downed a ukrainian cargo plane . 
  it was n't an `` attack on europe '' . 
  safety is the state of being `` safe '' ( from french sauf ) , the condition of being protected against physical , social , spiritual , financial , political , emotional , occupational , psychological , educational or other types or consequences of failure , damage , error , accidents , harm or any other event which could be considered non-desirable . 
  i feel like i 'm talking to a toddler here , are you really like this or just ideologically avoiding it ? 
   good thing we seceded then . 
  swift is n't controlled by the us . 
  zerohedge is one of the biggest bullcrap websites out there . 
  would n't take it serious . 
   they are using obsolete aircraft to fly provocative yet legal missions . 
  these `` obsolete aircraft '' are their ( nuclear ) cruise missile platforms . 
  not exactly obsolete . 
   they can start funding them . 
  it 's your future , your security , and your responsibility . 
  not ours . 
  `` isolated incidents '' . 
  nice try . 
   do n't really make a whole continent more unsafe . 
  that 's it , `` i 'm safe and i do n't care for others , so i 'll pretend europe is safe . '', 
   which germany is trying to decrease . 
  stop making fun of it . 
  germany is a useful idiot to russia , the us is keeping us safe , and that 's it . 
  politically europe is a mongoloid that thank god does n't have to protect itself . 
  i 'm for a system where we drop the next country that needs money from others . 
  that 's the problem , i do n't care if a country goes bankrupt , so i also do n't care what they borrow and spend , as long as we do n't have to pay for it . 
  i understand , i 'm not sure i necessarily agree with him on that , but i agree with him that we can not have two standards for small and large countries . 
  if france is n't punished , then others should n't be either . 
   from a factual standpoint , europe is no less safe now than it was five years ago . 
  so ... mh17 did n't happen ? 
  russian bombers are n't skirting flight lanes and intruding airspace ? 
  the estonian border guard was n't kidnapped ? 
  the baltics are afraid of nothing ? 
  oh boy , you are another one of those he is talking about . 
  i also did n't say it was a land border . 
  rather a neighbouring state . 
  by what , 20km ? 
  they should organize a trip to saudi arabia and forget to arrange a return ticket . 
  and he is right , the french , just as the greeks , need to stick to their commitments . 
  another joke ; what 's the largest neighbouring state of the netherlands ? 
  ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ venezuela . 
  7 years ? 
  that 's a long time . 
  if they endanger civilian traffic again i would say shoot 'em . 
  why wait for another mh17 . 
  [ there 's ] ( http://www.worldlicenseplates.com/ ) a handy list . 
  and then what ? 
  we have nothing on them . 
  i rather see them down russian planes than watch another civilian airplane going down . 
  airtraffic will be grounded in case of war . 
  we 'll see what the future holds . 
  nope 150 tons . 
  it 's okay you guys are thieves , but do n't lie about it . 
  [ liar . 
  originally ] ( http://www.volkskrant.nl/buitenland/zwitsers-stemmen-over-nederlands-goud~a3800447/ ) you owed us 150 tons , some was returned , there 's still 73 tons yet to be returned . 
  if he would , i would gues he tries to single out finland . 
  it will take a lot of troops taking finland , troops he 'll need to fight nato .
