  if there 's no noise , if there 's no revolt - most do n't understand what 's decided anyway - then we continue . 
  step by step until there 's no return . 
  * - jean-claude juncker ( current president of the european commission . ), 
   if you replace a machine which makes one unit with one which produces two , you double productivity     this is a very childish way of looking at things . 
  if i provide every family in the uk with 3000kcal worth of food daily have i doubled value if i then provide them with 6000kcal ? 
  you can only watch one tv at a time . 
  cars can only be manufactured usefully until there is 1 for every journey being taken . 
  i ca n't shower with 3 bars of soap any more than with 1 . 
  it does n't imply doubling or increasing total output . 
  but if you replace a machine that makes one unit , with one that makes two , you might only need 1 instead of 2 machines working all day now to satisfy the same demand . 
   as if the troika oi , it 's `` the institutions '' now . 
   because potentially muscovici may or may not have been authorised to make that deal . 
  a deal without the eurogroup knowing ? 
  if it was intended as a proposal , muscovici did n't exactly do business by the book . 
  and we still have publicly funded healthcare . 
  [ besides  ( http://trade.ec.europa.eu/doclib/press/index.cfm?id=1115 )  all eu trade deals provide three important guarantees for public services -- on regulation , monopolies and so-called ` national treatment ' . 
  these ensure that eu governments remain entirely free to manage public services as they wish . 
   monopolies -- ** if they wish , eu governments can organise public services so that just one supplier provides the service . 
  ** this is what economists call a ` monopoly ' . 
  ** the single supplier can be : publicly owned -- in other words , a ` public monopoly ' ** a private firm with the exclusive right to offer a particular service . 
   and it can operate at any level -- nationally , regionally or locally . 
   ** ` national treatment ' and ` market access ' - for publicly-funded healthcare and social services , education or water services , eu governments do n't have to treat companies or individuals from outside the eu the same as those from within europe and do not have to provide access to their markets . 
  ** instead , governments can : favour european firms over foreign ones prevent foreign firms from providing , or investing in , these services  reverse at a later date any decision to allow foreign firms to provide , or invest in , a particular service . 
   ** regulation -- eu trade agreements leave eu governments free to regulate whatever they consider to be public services . 
  ** governments can do so : however they choose - for example , in the way they : give licenses to suppliers to provide a particular service set the quality standards that suppliers have to meet at any level of government -- national , regional or local  there is just one condition , which concerns companies from outside the eu which a government has already allowed to operate in its territory . 
  in such cases , the government must treat the companies concerned the same way as it treats european ones . 
   ** these three guarantees apply , regardless of how the eu lists its commitments on services in its trade agreements : **  in some agreements , each eu country specifies the kinds of service it will open up to foreign suppliers -- this is known as ` positive listing ' in others , eu states say they will open up all services to foreign providers , except for certain services listed in an annex -- known as ` negative listing '  the ttip will work in exactly the same way , offering the same three guarantees for public services . 
  then you did n't read my comment properly . 
   us spy planes fly next to russian airspace every day of the week , that 's not violating the agreements . 
  russia comes within hairlength of civilian airliners , not only are they armed , they actually show off their bombs when fighters aproach by banking , they also lock radars sometimes , eliminate the transponder and even refuse radio contact . 
  hand gestures are sometimes the only contact made between them and foreign fighters . 
  the us does none of this , it 's pure provocation . 
  indeed , it 's just rude , and provocative , but does n't warrant an aggressive response . 
  there are some international agreements made particularly intended for international spying , that spy planes may fly without transponder on ( so civilian traffic does n't see them ) * if * they steer clear of traffic themselves . 
  they are pretty much skirting the boundaries there recently with reports of coming up to 40m or so from civilian planes . 
  the airbus or boeing passenger plane then has no idea that there 's a plane so close , a small mistake can then possibly turn out into another mh17 ... not sure why they do that , maybe hide behind the radar signature of the passenger plane , or just testing response . 
  it 's foul play though . 
   do n't get me wrong , i do n't like the idea of russian bombers buzzing our airspace on a regular basis , but any behavioural guidelines that only apply to one party are pretty hypocritical imo . 
  those apply to all since it 's an international agreement . 
  russia is the only country violating them though . 
  healthcare in the eu will remain publicly funded , foreign publicly funded services will just not be allowed into our market . 
   they are not serfs to international capital . 
  well they are quickly becoming just that . 
   what wretched world is it where immortal companies have the rights of persons and persons are reduced to human resources ? 
  that pretty much lifts companies to being tools of power over society . 
  because they do n't actually enter our airspace . 
  just the administrative airspace without identifying . 
  that 's not illegal , though bound to behavioural guidelines . 
  this seems like pure provocation . 
  good that it failed then . 
   cameras at places that supposedly have a high amount of accidents and be warned on the autobahn , germans flash you from the front . 
  interesting spectacle at night . 
  why do you guys by the way have camera 's nearly all over the autobahn , even when there 's no limit ? 
  cops with radar guns , mobile camera 's , static camera 's , and trajectory control ( mostly around city 's , calculates your average speed over x km ) . 
  but you where talking about a 15 year old . 
  so somehow it 's possible without being 16 + . 
  because roma are anarchists . 
  i do n't think they acknowledge any authority . 
  you make special price for him ? 
  it was . 
  but this man has most probably absolutely nothing to do with it . 
   same with norway and schengen but that 's a different story , and it 's not like they ca n't join so it must suit them but i do n't think a situation like that would suit us . 
  norway and iceland both do not want to join mainly because of fishing grounds . 
  fishing rights are held by a select few in both countries and are a large employer of many people and an important export industry . 
  joining the eu means that their current system of sold fishery rights to a handful of influential families is illegal , and all fishers from all over the eu would have equal rights in buying quota 's at fishing grounds in public biddings . 
  this will lead to a lot of competition in both iceland and norway , some local elites will not be too happy , and some limited regional unemployment may ensue . 
  if it was n't for that , both would likely join . 
   but i 'd rather clean house before we join and i think that a lot of serbians feel the same . 
  i think everybody would rather see that , progress and change will always have to come from the inside , the eu should not and will not force change . 
  it will only provide the means ( such as money ) to achieve progress . 
  but those are programs that take some years , and at a sufficient level when membership is granted , they still continue . 
  bulgaria for example is still under special oversight of brussels in matter of prosecution of corruption and checking where all the funds go . 
  bulgaria itself has even asked to prolong oversight , as it 's effective and they do n't trust everyone enough just yet . 
   so yeah , we 'll join the eu but we are very skeptical about you lot . 
  do n't think we 'll ever feel like a part of the `` family '' . 
  but it 's not about feelings it 's about business and we can do that just fine . 
  it 's good to remain skeptical , we 'll see how it goes . 
  kosovo for example will probably be one of the many stumbling blocks . 
  difficult subjects also , the reality of recent happenings in that region tends to change a bit depending on where you are so to say , truth is usually somewhere in the middle , but neither side likes to give in to that . 
  i think those idea 's , eventhough not always mentioned by name , are widely shared throughout europe , including in the netherlands . 
  people very quickly assume malicious forces at work at any given time something negative happens . 
  `` the banks '' might be the most popular narrative . 
  that is an excellent idea . 
  talks of reunification arise every now and then , and may become reality some day . 
  at least i hope so . 
  or where you refering to spanish occupation ? 
  :p in that case we better clean up the canons and dry the powder , see you at den briel , will you take the silver fleet with you while you 're at it ? 
  it 's kind of a long journey if we have to take it at cuba again . 
   i had thought that the lega only had appeal north of the po delta , did n't they kind a dropped the subject of northern secession ? 
   russia 's interfax news agency reports goncharenko may face criminal charges in connection with a fire at the main trade union building in odesa in may 2014 , where dozens of people were killed . 
  russia has called the events a deliberate massacre of anti-eu protesters . 
  yeah right . 
  bollocks . 
  it was n't specifically against this deal , it was in the broad context . 
  damn , you really are a senseless idiot . 
   what exactly do you sacrifice for this `` dynamic '' ? 
  that 's how it works , you know the atrocities commited in north korea , but you do n't topple the jong-un regime . 
  you know the humanitarian situation in china but you do n't complain . 
  you know the situation in eastern ukraine , but you will not devastate our continent in a total war for it . 
   russia will not invade the baltics because we are there , do you understand ?
