  yes the eu is designed to cripple everything , like chains so to say . 
  but ultimately violence is a way to undo the chains when it 's politically no longer feasible , and forcing this on the people can be very well be a casus belli . 
  then the idea to cripple everyone to prevent a war becomes a paradox . 
   via a much more inefficient method , like nato , than actually uniting the armed forces ? 
  you 're joking right ? 
  the eu is synonymous for inefficiency . 
  russia would laugh their ass of if we get a european armed force , making us even weaker than we already are . 
  it 's a bit of an odd sentence , but what do you not understand ? 
  i 've never made extensive use of swiss roads so i do n't dare say . 
  they do n't actually come from libya , only move through it and arrange a boat in the lawless state of affairs there . 
  they come from everywhere , most of them from somalia and eritrea . 
   unlike france and germany ( in the near future ) , there 's no toll or vignette in flanders . 
  non-commercial traffic pays nothing ( why are we complaining ? ) . 
    flanders is a logistic hub and is on the crossroad between the uk , france and germany . 
  the largest economies of europe . 
  there 's lots of traffic as a result . 
  one of the reason why brussels and antwerp are the most congested cities in the world . 
    high road density . 
    high population density that 's spread all over the country region . 
  all these points are pretty much the same for the netherlands . 
  large trade hub ( rotterdam/schiphol ) high population density , high road density , no toll/vignet etc. 
   the flemish government taxes car owners way less than the dutch do , way less . 
  road taxes are used for a lot of things , municipal reserves for example . 
  that is to say , road taxes are for a considerable part not even used for roads , we pay far too much . 
   years of neglect , that has changed . 
  that , and strange ways of maintaining roads , especially if you drive a motorcycle ( patches over holes etc. ) . 
  the belgian ardennes are beautiful on a two-wheeler , but the roads are life threateningly bad . 
   and germany no way . 
  we are n't even capable of abolishing roaming fees . 
  never mind that military . 
  courts would be replaced with sharia courts . 
  law can be spoken in a sharia court by witnesses , i believe it requires at least 3 witnesses , and a women counts for half . 
  but correct me if i 'm wrong . 
  we 're already well underway to that . 
  for example , 25 % of the population of the gewest brussels is muslim . 
  said to be the capital of europe . 
  not really , if they get a majority they can ask for a sharia law to be implemented . 
  time for some internal borders to return . 
  as with hungary , these countries are not interested in a political union or any union whatsoever . 
  they will join for economic and financial benefits , but their political allignment and allegiance lies with russia , or themselves . 
   would be legally binding so is/was the maastricht treaty . 
  we have all seen how much a legal binding is worth in europe . 
  we have the responsibility to protect our overseas territories , not only those who are integral part of our mainland , also those who are constituent states under the kingdom . 
  so you can go ahead form a european army , just without us . 
   so not an army just a unification of procurement , but also not an army because that would be wrong and undiplomatic but we also need one because we 're laughed at . 
  this already sounds very european to me . 
  i think an eu army will be laughed at even more . 
  prepare to loose all our overseas territories as the eu is ` deeply concerned ' . 
  and prepare for a veto against military intervention , if greece does n't get some money . 
  ooh that would be fun . 
   far better to remain in their shadow ? 
  i would rather remain in the us ' shadow than become one entity with some countries currently in the eu indeed . 
  what 's wrong with the us anyway , we have more in common with the us than with most of europe . 
  yea , or maybe not . 
  one hungary is enough . 
  or maybe you just do n't see past your `` certitudes '' . 
  ( :p ) the things these guys come up with ... got to admire their fantasy in their attempts to protect their dogmatic believes against a rapidly developing and knowledgeable world . 
   whatever what would help russia get rid of the dutch disease . 
  join the eurozone . 
   helped for us . 
  otherwise there are several ways , russia already uses one , keep large accumulated reserves in foreign currencies . 
  at least until a year or so ago , russia had the second highest foreign reserves in the world after china . 
  now that the currency is sliding they can easily bring it in though , like they are doing now . 
  we have also put a lot in gold reserves , the dnb holds the worlds ' 8th largest gold reserve . 
  well that 's disappointing . 
  mountains ? 
  the only mountain the netherlands has is on bonaire , saba and st. eustatius , which sounds like a fine plan for me to stay but i 'll first need a plane . 
  ooh wait , we have the vaalserberg in limburg with 300 meter . 
  we do n't need putin to be divided , we already are and always where . 
  that depends . 
  air traffic will most certainly be completely grounded , maybe you can catch a boat to the us or something , but a lot of boats will be confiscated for the army to use as transportation/logistics . 
  and cash can also loose it 's value very quickly , in the second world war we replaced a lot of cash with paper reciepts for food , energy etc. 
  in a case of total war you are n't leaving . 
  borders will be shut tight , and tourists/expats/non-residents will be given priority evac . 
  if you want to evade conscription you better get to the countryside and hide , if you want to risk the penalty . 
  having said that , i personally do n't know . 
  if it 's a pointless war i ai n't fighting for it . 
  i value my own life more than the wishes of others . 
  it 's not likely the eu and russia will move to each other very quickly again . 
  the visa ( and also free trade agreement ) followed 20 years of convergence after the fall of the soviet union . 
  it was also a pretty much forced relationship since europe barely has any ( convential ) resources , and russia has huge piles of resources . 
  but now that we are diversifying energy production and suppliers , we may make russia less relevant to keep a healthy distance in the future . 
  if we 're no longer connected by important trade like resources , we also do n't matter to each other anymore . 
  putins role will diminish and europe will have little to fear once it does n't rely on russia anymore to heat it 's houses and produce it 's energy . 
  besides energy , trade with russia is pretty much irrelevant . 
  czech republic is a larger trade partner of germany than russia , just to name a country . 
  groningen is no fracking , and i do n't think belgian healthcare is cheaper . 
   there has been a large immigration yes sweden is relatively the largest reciever of refugees , but the netherlands is the second largest reciever of refugees in europe per x capita . 
  and at least you have room for them , we are fighting where to put them with plans to put 2000 refugees in a village of 100 inhabitants . 
  no he means taxes , social and medical services . 
  belgium has a really high tax pressure , middle class workers easily pay 50 % of their income to taxes in belgium . 
  well arming them is a small step when you have them already . 
  then greeks would have no more money . 
  lithuania and latvia joined the eu in 2004 , lifting borders and opening up the entire labour market of the eu/eea to them . 
  russians are generally a well educated people , those are always welcome . 
  i would rather see skilled migration from russia , than migration from mena what we 're currently seeing . 
  no there 's no potential . 
  the people who have potential will leave . 
  what rests is a demographic break down , the regions around us will be ever more volatile , as millions of unskilled undeveloped refugees and illegal entrants enter europe the coming years the ` richer ' countries will suffer more and more because of that load which it ca n't bear . 
  native populations will age , putting even more burden on the society .
