  that does n't impress anyone . 
  we have more troops in the baltics than the us , let alone the rest of europe . 
  and seeing as this is an existential threat to russia , if they must they will attack , and they will vanquish any troops that are there , nobody can or will stop them from taking the baltics if push comes to shove . 
   if russia comes to the west and says `` give us the netherlands or we start a nuclear war '' you would agree to it ? 
  russia does n't want us . 
  but your comparison misses the point , maybe you ought to read about the ukraine crisis to know a little about it , but it would equate the netherlands voting/protesting to leave the eu and become part of a new russian-union , and suddenly germany attacks us and ultimately russia will acknowledge we remain part of the eu . 
  you see , ukraine was n't independent . 
  eastern-ukraine ( including crimea ) has many russians , these russians have work , family , friends on both sides of the borders . 
  they speak russian , many feel russian , you ca n't just come in '' ` muricah fuck yea ! '', 
  and pull that apart . 
  every strategist knew russia would invade crimea from the moment the us and eu meddled in ukraine . 
  that was predictable , a 100 % certainty , a law of nature . 
  eastern ukraine was less sure , never mind that the russians hugely overestimated the cards they held , and the invasion failed . 
  but the only way out of that is a compromise , not a new cold war . 
   do n't give away other peoples lands and independence because you yourself are lucky enough to not be a neighbor of russia . 
   a poll conducted by kyiv international institute of sociology ( kiis ) from 8 -- 18 february 2014 assessed support for union with russia throughout ukraine . 
  it found that , overall , 12 % of those polled favoured union with russia . 
  [ 78 ] ** 68.0 % of those from the four regions surveyed agreed that ukraine should remain independent , with friendly relations maintained between russia and ukraine . 
  ** there 's a public opinion that does n't fit the current narrative . 
   in an opinion poll conducted from 14 -- 26 march by the international republican institute , 26 -- 27 % of those polled in southern and eastern ukraine viewed the euromaidan protests as a coup d'\u00e9tat . 
  [ 79 ] only 5 % of respondents in eastern ukraine felt that russian-speakers were ` definitely ' under pressure or threat . 
  ** 43 % of ethnic russians ( ` definitely ' or ` rather ' ) supported the decision of the russian federation to send its military ** to protect russian-speaking citizens of ukraine  ... 59 % of those polled in eastern ukraine would like to join the russian-led customs union , while only 22 % were in favour of joining the european union . 
  37 % of ... ^ [ 10 ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/2014_pro-russian_unrest_in_ukraine#public_opinion_in_ukraine ) ukraine is a divided nation . 
  [ what should the ukrainian government do in response to the moves by donetsk and luhansk towards independence ( % ) ? 
  ] ( http://img.washingtonpost.com/blogs/monkey-cage/files/2015/02/figure3.jpg ) federalisation is not only a possible solution , it 's also a large public opinion . 
   what a weird solution to that problem . 
  it 's in sweden . 
  you 're the one that 's paranoid . 
  when you 're finished pulling your head of your ass , you may try to understand the dynamic that russia will not give up east ukraine , not under sanctions , not under military threats . 
  that is the dynamic , we can either accept that , or start a dangerous game in which we have forgotten that russia can at the snip of it 's finger end life on earth as we know it . 
  that 's a game nobody is going to win , that 's a game we better not play . 
  so i say again , russia will not invade the baltic unless the us forces them to . 
  you do n't understand the situation , as many of you people do n't . 
  good luck fighting there if it comes to it , keep it away from my home if you will . 
   the goal of the u.s. is to divide europe ? 
  obama publicly stated that he disagreed with the u.k. leaving the e.u. 
  of course he did , the uk is very important to keep in the eu , it 's a trojan horse of the us . 
   the u.s. has consistently expressed its displeasure with european military cuts . 
  good for them . 
   this is on western europe . 
  what do you actually want ? 
  you want to force eastern europe to drop out of nato at the promise that germany and the netherlands will protect their borders at their current military capacity ? 
  we where the first to send military aid to the baltics , and that should be it . 
  the solution to this is not military , it will not be military , and it will not get military . 
  we 're not forcing anyone out of nato , preferably we would discard of nato alltogether and replace it with a european defense force , but that does n't matter right now and is n't specifically related to the ukraine conflict . 
  russia will not invade , it will not attack the baltics , it does n't want to attack the baltics . 
  russia will take eastern ukraine , it will do so in any way it sees necessary to do so . 
  the more we resist the more people will die . 
  we need either the eu or germany and france to strike a deal that will see the eastern regions of ukraine either secede from ukraine , or become a federal part , if kiev does n't accept it then the best we can do is freeze the conflict along the minks ii front line if russia is willing , and not start a new cold war while doing so . 
   that 's a joke . 
  you need to get real . 
  you mean you need to get your head of your ass . 
  no spain and portugal will anschluss and conquer south america and middle america again and be the world power . 
   pretty sure that is up to those countries . 
  the consequence is that they 'll loose trust and support in western europe . 
   it 's on you to give them a reason to trust that you 'll protect them . 
  that does not equate satisfying every demand they have . 
  and if we do n't , but the us offers to do it anyway , that 's a big mistake . 
  the goal of the us is to divide europe so from their point of view it 's logical , from the east not so much . 
   it will pull the focus from the council itself . 
  that 's the idea . 
  the council gets little done , frequently bypasses the commission , and then we have idiots blocking the roaming debate , some are blocking the public prosecutor ( because they steal eu money ) , hungary blocking the energy union so it gets gas discount etc. 
  the council does n't really work . 
  just look at the minsk ii agreement , junckers of frederica was n't even present , and they where so stupid to give amnesty . 
  there you go . 
  there 's already a rift . 
  western europe is already protecting them and they act like allies , just not in the fashion of military might that they expect and the us is willing to provide . 
  that 's a wrong policy , it will not work , and the us should really , really stay out of that . 
  unless they want russia to win this stand of , the key is in western europe , not anywhere else . 
  the council already has a president . 
  it 's just not elected by us directly . 
  currently it 's donald tusk . 
  but that president should get some powers , not necessarily a veto , but a limited presidential decree for example would really help . 
  no you 're right , we could only achieve that as a whole . 
  if we put that in an energy union that will tie us together even more and would make us stronger . 
  but that would first require an extensively connected energy system , something they 're working on . 
  i see , you obivously know more about it than me , but it would be a shame to see a territory leave . 
  what do you mean exactly ? 
  as far as i understand it , there 's a lot of things going wrong in the council when the commission is biased and politics are drawn to national levels again . 
  i would prefer a directly elected president of the european council . 
  it 's not about a neutered or obedient dog , but you 're giving up much of your sovereignty to a supranational organisation , in which you get proportional representation . 
  inside that a lot is shared . 
  billions in solidarity funds , infrastructure , eib etc. 
   geographically , it 's as far from europe as it gets nah , new caledonia , an island next to australia , is already in the eu as a department of france . 
   and if it 's included a whole bunch of westernized caribbean and latin american countries would ask why they are passed over . 
  the eu is already widely spread in latin america ( french guinana , martinuque , saba , bonair , st. eustatius , polynesia , falklands etc. 
  etc. ), 
   but as doctomoe put it , i was refering to the legal framework , as cyprus is not in europe it was proven that being culturally european is sufficient for joining the eu . 
  you 're right on a lot of your points though , i think people would n't mind canada , australia or new zealand , but would n't be too happy about the us , but those would probably not be so happy with our rules . 
  greenland was also part of the eu ( then eec ) but they left after they became a state inside int eh kingdom of denmark instead of a province , probably because of these rules . 
  they would also have to allow all fishers and resources exploiters from all memberstates , the reason why both iceland and norway do n't want to join . 
   i think the uk is right to have sent `` military advisors '' to ukraine . 
  we must guard ourself from forming two separate acting fronts . 
  i 'm not saying it 's wrong to send trainers , but germany and france are right that there 's no military solution to this conflict . 
  pushing it past that will only divide us , and will cause a rift between the uk and us and germany and france . 
  without one front not 1 of these couples can solve the situation . 
  the us does n't blackmail , they do create a rift in europe that 's making us instable . 
  europe can become energy independent , it just does n't want to be . 
  one southern province of spain full of solar panels is enough to supply the entire world demand of electricy . 
  we also swim in shale gas .
