  poverty in the netherlands has not been so high since the oil crisis in the 1980s . 
  and to think we used to be an international example of social-economic equailty . 
  and the thing is , if we would leave the ez and return the guilder , we would indeed see it soar in value . 
  but our industry will still be competitive . 
  asml simply has no competition in the world , they are years ahead . 
  companies like asml , dsm , philips , urenco , nrg/pallas , nxp all thrive on knowledge , not cheap labour . 
  and the real industry ( steel industry in the eemshaven among some other things ) has already gone bankrupt with the euro . 
  and the remaining industries like shell , vdl-cars and daf will also not see much competition that would put it out of business . 
  seeing as both the truck and car industry of us is the one of the most advanced in europe , again much knowledge little low-labour . 
  low-labour is in asia now anyway . 
  so the soaring guilder wo n't destroy our competitiveness too much . 
  if i may believe the people around me , the euro has brought nothing but decay to this country . 
  especially the middle class has suffered quite a bit because of the euro , the lower class has suffered the past years as a consequence of austerity , the rich have been getting richer and richer , even the past years . 
  there 's now a point where wealth inequality in the netherlands is nearly on par with the us . 
  the cost of a transfer union would indeed be taken away by the lower and middle class , the former of which will not take much more of this , the latter of which will eventually just leave if they get robbed more . 
  so i would n't mind returning to the guilder , our own currency did have flaws , but things where much better then . 
   whereas currently it 's the other way around . 
  the exchange rate is fuelling german growth and destroying exports in the rest of europe . 
  the bubble deflates after they also had years of growth thanks to the acces of cheap capital because of the north , which they otherwise would n't have had . 
  besides , southern europe has far larger problems than fiscal transfers . 
  bringing money there wo n't help , it will disappear in a few pockets here and there , and we 're of where we started . 
  just take the late example in greece , a bunch of students willing to launch a electronic car but unable to do so because there 's no legislation . 
  italy and spain are the same , corruption and bureaucracy suffocate the sme 's . 
  again just bringing money wo n't help , that 's fighting symptoms . 
  it would help if we take other measures , which will probably be very unpopular . 
  i 'm sorry you ca n't see past that and that you 're so biased and naive to the matters at hand . 
  i know , that 's why we will eventually probably leave the euro . 
  the countries that want a transfer union can then implement that . 
  currently it would result in the netherlands and germany being the sugar daddy of europe . 
  we can make better use of that money , not to mention transfers , as done in the eu , have huge waste by corruption and thievery . 
  we should not be part of such a construction , it 's not to our advantage , only at our detriment . 
   germany and the netherlands leaving would have tanked the value of the euro , which would have helped the ez 15 recover , once the initial shock had passed . 
  mark rutte said to van rompuy that if he , and some memberstates , pushed through his plans ( among which eurobonds and the transfer union ) nl would leave the eurozone right away . 
  ultimately he backed of on that threat . 
  if the subject of a transfer union comes again , we will probably leave the ez . 
  it said nobody in europe but netherlands and germany had considered leaving the euro . 
  netherlands and germany cooperated on an exit-plan . 
  maybe a pegged mark , maybe a nl-de currency union . 
  france and even italy had no back-up plan . 
  in fact our current pm rutte [ in 2012 said ] ( http://www.volkskrant.nl/dossier-europese-unie/geagiteerde-rutte-dreigde-in-2012-uit-euro-te-stappen~a3644741/ ) to herman van rompy `` if you push through your plans , the netherlands leaves the euro tommorow . '', 
  and as you noticed , we have no eurobonds and no transfer union , which where among the plans . 
  if they come , we 'll leave anyway . 
  / u/azerty258741369, 
  well i remember hearing that germany and the netherlands had made plans to leave the euro in 2012 . 
  seems pretty normal to have back-up plans . 
   i honestly ca n't think of anything that might piss golden dawn off more . 
  i do , if they after buying the airport , just like with some of their mining business in africa , lay of greek workers and ship in chinese employees to work in athens . 
  which would probably be interested in influence in europe . 
   because pay back debts !, 
  ! 111 such a short-sighted strategy . 
  as opposed to borrowing and not paying back , the long-sighted strategy ? 
   ... that certain circles are playing games at greece 's expense and the eurozone 's stability . 
  really ? 
  that would be unacceptable !, 
  but wait ... syriza ... 
  the nokia x was recently produced in ... romania or poland ... 
  there 's some coming back this way . 
  none the less , the jolla is a tempting phone and i have it on my wishlist too . 
   who used to have high quality products under organic growing conditions have been sold to north american companies , disregarding eu regulations and causing fines on top of reducing productivity . 
  why did they sell it ? 
  he would if raytheon gets it . 
   yeah thales might be good and all , i think it will become raytheon , as 3000 us troops just entered the baltics . 
  partially , many chips are designed and made here . 
  the machines used to produce them too . 
  most of the money of the phone is in r&d , and general business anyway . 
  for example , the newest iphone only costs around 130 dollar to make . 
  in any case most of them are probably assembled in china . 
  italy used to be one of the highest income countries int he world , it for years even surpassed the uk economically . 
  what happened to that beautiful country the past years/decades ? 
  how did it come so far ? 
  yes , jolla , emporia , geeksphone , and another few small ones . 
   ( however i dont know where these phones are actually manufactured  ) china . 
  just like the iphone and probably almost all phones . 
  being a nokia user , i was actually waiting for their second phone which should come in a year or so . 
  as a matter of fact i do . 
  but maybe it was just your imagination that ran wild . 
  it 's funny though , reading that even austerity has made it 's way into conspiretards . 
  well the lower euro will probably bring some relieve ? 
  what do you think is the real problem ? 
  corruption/bureaucracy ? 
  i do n't know , i ca n't really read serbian and translation is a bit odd , but ;  increasing transport costs from february 1 provided that in serbia ** price of natural gas are formed in the same manner as in the eu , ** according to the energy agency of the republic of serbia ( aers ) . 
  they just changed the calculation method to ours . 
  convergence and harmonization will happen a lot more in serbia in their run up to accession , sometimes that 's not easy , sometimes it saves some , sometimes it costs some . 
  the goal are european industry standards . 
  i ca n't read serbian , but translate says ;  ... as a consequence of harmonisation of eu-guidelines . 
  you do n't have to join the eu if you do n't want to you know . 
  and what your government does with excises has little to do with the eu . 
  source ? 
  no , validating your sources is something i expect you can figure out yourself . 
  i remember that research being posted here a while back , and i do n't think it was very trustworthy . 
  according to [ wackypedia  ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/antisemitism_in_sweden#development_since_2000 )  after germany and austria , sweden has the highest rate of antisemitic incidents in europe , although the netherlands reports a higher rate of antisemitism in some years . 
  [ 8 ]  a government study in 2006 estimated that 15 % of swedes agree with the statement : `` the jews have too much influence in the world today '' . 
  [ 9 ] 5 % of the total adult population and 39 % of adult muslims `` harbour systematic antisemitic views '' . 
  that goes for western europe , but countries like spain and italy had a large manufacturing industry that has mostly left for china the past years . 
  anything from a refridgerator , to a washing machine , to a dry cleaner , use to be made in italy in the near million pieces each year . 
  i 'm sure they would like to have that back , that 's why i think this devaluation is very welcome for specifically italy and spain . 
   yet the fed has been hinting at rate increases and qe tapering . 
  that would be interesting . 
  the us is a vast importing nation , that would pretty much lead to a european-china competition for us imports . 
  probably the ideal way to saturate german export needs .
