  what egypt can , italy can too . 
  because sweden is a multicultural country , other cultures belong there too . 
  we ca n't just put anyone in prison that has a different culture . 
   it seems to me the isis problem ca n't wait , then act . 
  this is italy we 're talking about , not luxemburg or monaco . 
  if isis threatens italy it has all the power it needs to do something about that . 
  even if you provide a legal way , the majority of the people would not be legally allowed , and will still enter rusty tubs to cross illegally . 
  bullshit , that the odds of you as an individual actually dying is very small does n't mean we should n't prevent it when it 's in our power . 
   of losing civil liberties yeah , i really feel like i 've lost some civil liberties now that i ca n't fight for isis . 
   ' i hope you die out there ' . 
  he did n't say that . 
  the question was what he would rather see , them die over there or return to the netherlands . 
  this is not about political correctness , this is about the safety of the country , which is more important than anything . 
  our people should not have to die so you feel more political correct . 
   and law-makers have to consider these things at length . 
  yes , and do nothing until someone starts killing people . 
  that 's what they have been doing the past months . 
  that is politics , something we don ; t want when it 's about our safety . 
  i back him on this , i rather see them die than return . 
  a poll suggested 77 % of the people support this stance . 
   this sounds like blatant populism designed to attract angry voters . 
  yes he is appealing to the pvv voters with this remark . 
  not angry voters though , but sensible voters . 
  any sane person understands you do n't want terrorists walking about . 
  the relative rise of the euro caused much damage to the periphery though . 
  and who is going to protect us then ? 
  europe would engulf in war if the us collapses . 
  if anything , it would probably let the eu collapse . 
  at most they get a serious army again , and come to stand face to face with russia . 
  otherwise i ca n't imagine what germany could do wrong , they are almost neurotically trying not to cross or upset anyone . 
  there 's a limit to that too . 
  / u/ltburtreynolds is a troll , never mind him . 
   european unity and integration is what i care about more too bad it 's absent . 
  if european unity gets it way , we forget about mh17 and pretend as if ukraine does n't exists . 
  that 's what european unity stands for . 
  not at all , was just wondering why you would use it while you do n't support what it stands for . 
  we advocate it in ukraine . 
  germany offered an fta to russia for taking bits of ukraine . 
  i gues it all depends on the situation how much we uphold the law and values . 
   the one that 's in the middle of a civil war . 
  so only one of those fighting is a legimite government ? 
  the senate is not really intended as a political platform . 
  the senate 's duty is to check laws technically . 
  the forming of the law , and thus the debate/ideology mixed in is done in the parliament , the senate has nothing to say about the contents of the law until it has to vote . 
  the senate ca n't do anything but either pass or decline a law , that 's it . 
  if it declines it goes back to the parliament and will need a new vote there . 
  so i would n't say the senate is politically important . 
  and local parties are present in all flavours . 
  why not cuba though ? 
  but i do n't think any of these nations want trouble , so i doubt they would allow a war being fought from their soil ( unless they gain something ), 
  this is just hilarious . 
  i hope we can get a referendum for this e `` u '' too just as britain , what a joke . 
  let russia take them it 's time we fend for ourselves again , europe is lost . 
  why are you using that flag ? 
  why not use your own if yourself is all you care about . 
  what libyan state exactly ? 
  jup , if that prevents them from harming innocent people , preferably they do die . 
  all the islands are not part of the nato agreement on the basis of geographical exclusion . 
  ( nato specifies it 's operating zone with longitude x and lattitude y , and these islands do not fall in that zone ) so an attack on either the bes islands , or the former antilles , is not an attack on nato , only on us . 
  i do n't know for the eu , the bes islands are integral part of our state as special municipalities , but the former antilles are democratic bodies under the monarchy . 
  of course we are obliged to defend the territory as our own . 
  if russia builds a base in venezuela , we should increase capacity there . 
  especially since the regular stationship have no air or missile defense . 
  ( though lately they use heavier equiped vessels as stationship ) the only airdefense the opv 's have are marines with portable stingers . 
  having said that , the us wanted us to keep these islands a few decades ago . 
  the usaf also has a base on curacao , so i do n't think russia would attack those islands . 
  and the us airforce has also done airpolicing with f16 's from time to time . 
  our own f16 fleet is gone there though , which is worrying if russia goes there , considering its attitude towards us . 
  russia has done intense cyber attacks against our government lately to obtain information on the mh17 research , i would n't doubt they 're capable of aggression . 
  maybe they 'll bully with airplanes there too , wether we get military help from our allies in the case of agression will be an interesting question . 
  france has territories all around those islands , britain some too . 
  i would imagine they would consider helping , but one never knowns . 
  but if the russians are bringing serious capacity to venezuela , we should consider placing some of our airdefense frigates and some f16 's there . 
  no idea if anybody is thinking of the security at the moment though , i do know we have enormous financial gains thise year , far more than expected the export market seems to have increased our government income tremendously . 
  at this rate we 're running a budget surplus in 2/3 years . 
  they 're planning on lowering taxes now , maybe defense can finally get some money . 
  the locals have grouped together in an independent fraction in the senate . 
   i 'd wonder how the hell they got through germany in one night . 
  probably because the brooms did n't prove to be as lethal as planned . 
  then i gues we will have to roll out our schwere panzer abteilung ... ... ooh wait . 
  no , vacuum cleaners . 
  newer generation equipment . 
  and hungary . 
  i 'm glad italy rewards putin for his behaviour . 
  maybe if he takes whole novorussia , they can make an even larger investment fund and say even kinder words . 
  we send patriots to turkey for a completely non-existent threat , i think we will have little trouble sending extra troops to the baltics in case of a real threat . 
  furthermore ; if europe would take sort of a leading role in direct support , the us will follow . 
  ( because that 's what the us wants to see , a more assertive europe ), 
  it 's the other way around . 
  the us can easily switch supplier , or even produce it themselves . 
  europe needs export , which makes it reliant on its trade partners . 
  europe also has no industries that are world leading . 
  most technology comes from the us , so we have no advantage of having products others do n't, 
  i agree . 
  people who want to fight for isis can better die , preferably without harming others in the m-e , than stay alive let alone return . 
  otherwise we 're getting people who prepare ied 's , behead people , blow up people , kill people and what more , they return , police here has no idea what they all did , they go to prison for 2 years or so without any further evidence , and all hell breaks loose once they are released and one of them continuous his fight . 
  yes we could indeed , only we wo n't . 
  don ; t get me wrong , i think this legal way is a very good step , but it 's not a complete plan . 
  and knowing europe it will be implemented half-way with more words and debates than deeds and cooperation . 
  no , happens more often ;  diesel subs feast on u.s. carriers  while canadian submarines have routinely taken on u.s. navy carriers , other small navies have enjoyed similar victories .
