  our submarines are among the most advanced diesel-electric subs in nato , capable of missions no nato partner can perform . 
  hr ms. johan de witt is also unique in it 's class as lpd but as central command center too , it can command thousands of troops in a combined mission . 
  the only ship in its class in europe . 
  sharing a navy with belgium is a good thing , but i do n't think it would be a good thing to share it with every other eu member . 
  we also still have overseas territories to defend , so we ca n't have an eu-like military , or venezuela would invade us right away . 
  the navy is also part of our identity kind of . 
  de waterlinie is fed from the ijsselmeer and the hollands diep . 
  both are fresh water , and not salt . 
   well , if the majority of belgians are n't able to converse in at least two official belgian languages then being bilingual is n't a `` belgian '' thing . 
  the majority of the belgium population ( 60 % ) speaks dutch . 
  so dutch is a `` belgian thing '' , french is n't , given your `` logic '' . 
  well the f-35 is a beauty too . 
  not as far as the benelux i think . 
  we already have a pretty much shared navy under the admiral benelux . 
  combined procurement , combined training , combined education , and combined maintenance of both navy 's is in den helder , as well as the command structure . 
  personnel is also swapped ( belgian personnel on dutch frigates and vice versa ) and helicopter crews rotate on frigates/lpd 's / jlss . 
  it 's almost one navy . 
  [ if you can translate ] ( http://www.defensie.nl/organisatie/marine/inhoud/eenheden/admiraal-benelux ) [ or in english ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/admiral_benelux ), 
  i agree , but i think the benelux is also more important than the eu in matters of real cooperation . 
  other countries are more and more flexing their muscles in the eu for their own advantages . 
  then i would rather have extensive cooperation in the benelux , what actualy works , then wait until the bureaucratic turtle in brussels wakes up . 
  a marvelous plan . 
  we still have brussels though ... 
  why would i be on drug ? 
  because you act like an idiot . 
   is there something incorrect about my comment ? 
  most of them , to be precise . 
   how is finland even close to comparable to the benelux ? 
  we do n't have hundreds of kilometres of forest and freezing tundra to defend ourselves . 
  well we can flood a good part of us , depending from where they attack . 
  i 'm sure de waterlinie is still usable . 
  are you on drugs ? 
  no problem . 
  at least if they can keep training with them we can keep the knowledge and experience inside the army , until a bit less austere government takes office and procures some new leopards . 
  [ battle of waterloo ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/battle_of_waterloo ), 
  i hear you there . 
  i hope they do n't use this to decrease budgets , but that 's not enough , they really need to up the budget a little . 
  we pretend as if we 're bankrupt , we 're far from that . 
  we can easily raise the budget to 9-10 billion euro without any trouble . 
  no , 16 leopard 2 now  ( back into service because of current security dynamic ) also still hundreds of light tanks . 
  i agree . 
  shall we start with taking frans-vlaanderen back ? 
  did you by any chance also stumble upon the church bells ? 
  well the advantage is that if the netherlands and belgium also use the same planes , we can also bundle maintenance , training , maybe even procurement in the future , and other stuff . 
  that can be cheaper than doing it separate . 
  in terms of defense spending , we really need to increase some though . 
  still even if we had a higher budget , if cooperation with belgium yields advantages we would still do it . 
  59 f16 's for belgium and we have 74 f16 's . 
  a few are returned into service now that the budget is raised a little . 
  the french only have 104 rafele 's . 
  the majority of people in belgium are flemish . 
   it 's to benefit the belgian and french state so only the french state considering the assymetrical power relations . 
  also to benefit only wallonia . 
   we 've more to offer to them than you guys , more smugness most probably . 
   ( luxembourg is n't really relevant ) you see , you guys have completely different motives . 
  it 's not about what 's relevant here , it 's about cooperation . 
  the netherlands and belgium also already have naval cooperation where we swap each others helicopter fleets between our frigates , in the future dutch frigates will also get belgian crew and vice versa . 
  this is just increasing our already existent cooperation which is a good thing . 
  how much does the french army cooperate with others ? 
  probably , the dutch defense industry has recieved some orders for the f35 's . 
  they 're also going to do maintenance for several countries , so if belgium buys f35 's that will stimulate our industry . 
  luxemburg does n't really have airplanes , only transport and some nato awacs . 
  the netherlands has 76 f16 's , also together with the us and denmark the most modern f16 fleet ( latest upgrades ) , belgium has 60 f16 's . 
  considering our sieze they should be able to put up a fight . 
  if not , we have patriots too , and airdefense frigates and what more . 
  ooh and interestingly , the netherlands is a second tier partner together with italy in the f35 project , fokker makes some parts for the f35 and stork too ( the wing flaps and some other stuff ) , so i gues we will convince belgium to buy f35 's instead of rafale 's to support our industry . 
  fokker is also going to do maintenance of f35 's for several nations so we could also do combined training , maintenance and procurement with belgium if we have the same planes , which would be cheaper and more efficient for both sides, 
  well it was the first open labour market in the world . 
  kind of served as an example to the eu too . 
  there are 28 million people in the benelux , 24 million of which use dutch as a primary language . 
  i 'm sure we can figure something out for the other few . 
   we here in russia would never accept our government attacking a baltic country , for we simply see no reasons to . 
  you accept your government to attack a nation that it calls `` brothers '' , why not accept an invasion of the baltics too then ? 
  but islamic too . 
  they probably have their tactics indeed . 
  there 's also a user with the name ; `` pro-ukraine '' around chanting nazi 's are good , holocaust did n't happen and what more rubbish . 
  which leads me to think they use black-proganda too . 
  maybe also to varying degree . 
  because germany had no transport plane . 
  it 's pretty pathetic that you need to borrow our plane because you have none . 
  in case he would actually be from norway . 
  he posts in newrussia , a fascist-ultranationalist bulwark on reddit . 
  there 's strong indication that the russian secret service is still trying to hack into computer systems of the police and public prosecutor . 
  smartphones and laptops that where used in ukraine and have had contact with local networks are destroyed . 
  because the hardware could easily be infected by malware . 
  in some cases the home internet networks of police personnel are removed because they where possibly infected . 
   other things mentioned in the article are that the collaboration between intelligence services and the investigation team does n't go smoothly . 
  which was contradicted by both the intelligence services and police investigation forces . 
  source of rumours ; unknown . 
  there 's an information war going on that 's even using the family of victims , we need to be careful what to take seriously . 
  the russians are doing everything to discredit us . 
  for those in english , the public prosecutor , police and intelligence service clearly denies any troubles , no information is withheld , the cooperation with intelligence services are excellent . 
  ** the intelligence service is ` shocked ' about the accusations , they do n't know what they 're talking about . 
  so ** all ** parties deny the accusation , and say the sources are `` incorrectly informed '' . 
  surprising how fast lies travel through the press . 
  we do n't have c-160 's , only c-130 's . 
  and it 's most certainly lagging maintenance , if you do n't maintain your equipment it 's not going to work very long no matter what you use . 
   but then again , i have never seen anything like that from germany :( but you have coal mines and schwere industry ? 
  we do , a much stronger one . 
  we also need a more assertive foreign policy in our direct neighbourhood ( mena ) , and more assurances to our allies in eastern europe , without having them kneel for the us because europe is to reluctant to assist .
