social-liberal , centrist . 
  - lr : les r\u00e9publicains , the main force of opposition for the last 5 years . 
  liberal-conservative , right-wing . 
  - fn : front national , le pen 's party . 
  nationalist-conservative , far-right . 
  - fi : france insoumise , m\u00e9lenchon 's party . 
  socialist , left to far-left . 
  - ps : parti socialiste , was in power for the last 5 years . 
  social-democratic , left . 
  it used to be this way , but extreme instability changed our opinion on that . 
  i think that goes without saying for the audience of r/europe . 
  for those curious : he used to be a mayor and a mp , and is otherwise totally unknown . 
  long-time support of moderate republican primary candidate alain jupp\u00e9 . 
  he 's totally unknown . 
  you 'll enjoy the southwest, 
  c\u00f4te d'azur is nice if you 're looking for tanned grannies, 
  depends what you 're looking for . 
  nice try , chinese tourist !, 
  trying to ruin the best spots for us french citizens !, 
  more seriously , anything outside of paris is fine . 
  strasbourg , bordeaux , tours are smaller cities surrounded by historical good stuff . 
  honestly that two to three people a year . 
  the fact that so many people quote it on reddit is unbelievable . 
  i think they would enjoy more the trip if they went to different places . 
  flair checks out, 
  honestly if you 're just too desperate , too ugly , too lazy or too uninteresting to go pick 'em by yourself it just gives off a bad vibe . 
  there is a difference in style , too . 
  a charming womanizer with some * lettres * and the ability to laugh it off looks better than a man who behaves like a pig and regularly hires prostitutes . 
  paris . 
  chinese people are everywhere here . 
  everywhere . 
  to be more precise : the louvre , the ch\u00e2teau de versailles , the eiffel tower . 
  the integration of foreign cultures is called assimilation , not multiculturalism . 
  multiculturalism , on the other hand , has indeed failed . 
  i would call multiculturalism a symptom of the failure of integration policies rather than a policy in itself . 
  dass what the youngsters all say, 
  to the eu, 
  i wonder why people make such a big deal of him being a former banker . 
  because he used to be a banker , does he have no soul , nor feelings for the poorer ? 
  does he drink their tears out of a baccarat glass ? 
  not saying he cares more or less than the others , i have no idea about that . 
  but saying he cares less because he used to be a banker is such bullshit . 
  high quality shitpost, 
  doing well . 
  could be doing better . 
  that 's what we have to see here . 
  thus far trump has proven to be a terrible leader , worse than xi or orban . 
  the only reason why the us are n't on fire right now is because the us are a powerful rich country to begin with , and the administration actually employs talented people . 
  the speech opened with the ode to joy and ended with the marseillaise . 
  the speech opened with the ode to joy and ended with the marseillaise . 
  do n't be like that . 
  even if it was a loaded question it deserved a honest answer . 
  he is n't officially declared the winner , that wo n't be the case until thursday i think . 
  all we have are very precise estimations from the ballots that have already been counted . 
  you 're actually kinda wrong . 
  it 's a popular theory in french political science that the president is a `` republican monarch '' . 
  just a joke, 
   europe day   vichy :(, 
  we wo n't `` stand up '' to germany . 
  we work with them . 
  most french people :  varou who ? 
  most of those vote macron . 
  oh boy , for a language so comfortably set in its status as a global franca people here sure look pissed !, 
  simple . 
  - locals know the issues and the failures . 
  they live to tell whether the policies were good or not . 
  foreigners do n't , all they see is headlines and pics . 
  - obama is a charismatic man who led an amazing pr campaign . 
  - in comparison to the republicans ( who represent a branch of politics that does n't exist in france , where statism is the norm ) , he looks like an obvious choice . 
  - there is no one to criticize him because we do n't pay enough attention to him . 
  no breitbart , right-wing media that would focus on him . 
  if he does that i wo n't regret having voted for him . 
  yeah , i agree with you there . 
  it 's extremely easy to think this or that person would be elected when you take the election in a vacuum , outside of all the other influences . 
  who really thinks obama supporting the remain side did play a role in brexit ? 
  obama is extremely popular in france ( back in 2008 if he 'd been elected by the french people again mccain he 'd have gotten 90 % of the vote ) . 
  this wo n't change anything in this campaign but it 's very nice to hear him praising macron . 
  1453 worst year of life give back hagia sophia, 
  on which points ? 
  she permanently attacked him on his past experience as minister of the economy ( which was irrelevant most of the time ) , barely mentioned her own platform and in the end looked hysterical by interrupting and insulting him even though they were supposed to let each other conclude . 
  honestly just watch the whole thing . 
  whether macron was good or not is up for debate , but there is no denying her performance tonight was a phenomenal disaster . 
   divided ideologically at a point that none of the main group speak to each other ? 
  what are you talking about ? 
  joy joy, 
  i think it came from a latin pun , gallum meaning both rooster and the gauls . 
  your choice of words is poor , but you are correct in saying that france is more left-wing than some other countries , the first coming to mind being the us . 
  after all , the french communist party made remarkable scores up to the 80 's , when fran\u00e7ois mitterrand successfully shifted the politics of the left in france . 
  it still has some local strength , even though it has been declining for decades now and is under pressure from france insoumise , m\u00e9lenchon 's left-wing movement that would be called communist in the us but is far , very far from it actually . 
  i would say that it is not france that is exceptional , but rather the us , which have gone trough the industrial revolution and the growth of a proletarian class without a successful communist party taking roots . 
  it has to do with acts of violence and terror from the higher spheres of power and a different kind of political culture , that may be less favorable to the rise of communism . 
  then came the cold war , and communism became extremely unfashionable in the us for political reasons ( read red terror here ) . 
  when this was over , the gulag 's archipelago had been published and the most communist democratic nations , such as france , had appreciated the reality of communism under stalin , giving it a negative aura that still sticks with it to this day , the reason why far-left parties tend to do poorly when compared to their highest point . 
  as to the image of bankers , yes , they do not enjoy a very good reputation here , but this has more to do with a complex relationship with money in our culture , where it is less shown or even hidden ; we also share a cultural emphasis on equality that may explain some things , but as always there are movements , counter-movements and all . 
  this is a complex matter . 
  because it 's fat , it 's thick , it 's salty or too sweet , and i have nutella if need be . 
  i do believe you on that . 
  but see , that required you having lived in both places , which is the reason why it 's so hard to have an educated guess on these subjects most of the time . 
  never been there , i should trust you on that maybe . 
  i mean , i understand how thin the limit is between real cultural differences and baseless stereotypes .
