university education costs 100 $ which basically means buying the student card which includes the student health services , represantation from the student association and student discounts . 
  however in polytechnic universities we have no mandatory payment . 
  and also tuition is free for all citizens , not limited to eu . 
  come one hungary , what are you guys doing over there ? 
  moving east is it ? 
  well , who am i to complain , we just bought a russian nuclear power plant . 
  hold that thought , what the fuck are you saying ? 
  we dont need this kind of immature , unrealistic and warmongering messages here . 
  no matter what putin says we must stay clearheaded , war and nukes especially are not an option for the sake of humanity . 
  i dont want to this subreddit to turn into a senseless and onesided anti-russia jerk . 
  #justfinnishthings for me its more about how the wealth was acquired . 
  i bet most of these people have done some sort of immoral acts to build their wealth like tax evasion . 
  and some have been part of corruption for sure and this kind of people i have zero respect for . 
  which they actually followed quite well , of course too bad that the court order could be quickly claimed when needed . 
  sweden step up your game , bro . 
  sounds like a message which would resonate in the population . 
  how do you see it yourself ? 
  i guess thats about it , i feel russia to this day hasnt been open about the dark side of its history . 
  this added to the phenomenon that some russians see communist times as the glory days and it also feels nationalistic views are on the rise in russia . 
  and not to mention that it seems press and internet freedom has been cracked down hard lately and corruption is very prevalent in the country . 
  what it boils down to in my view is that despite all these problems and dark moments in history , russians are getting more nationalistic in a time where we have largely abandonded nationalism . 
  and i have gotten the view that some russians see us , europe , as decadent . 
  this creates a certain fear in me that clashes between us will be more common than i would like to imagine . 
  studied thoroughly in high school . 
  it is obvious the voting will be rigged so nice to have at least some sort of evidence . 
  but the evidence wont stop anything . 
  this will be regarded as fascist provocation staged by the us and the news will continue to bombard the one truth to russians and to russian supporters in ukraine . 
  the voting will be held and donetsk will declare independence with at least 80 % support . 
  this will be deemed illegal by kiev and the west but it wont matter . 
  ukraine army will seek to take these people out but with the declaration of independence russia has a `` justification '' to defend its people against the fascist provocateurs . 
  another dark story to the black book of russian realpolitik . 
  indeed , i dont see any point in separating us into different blocks according to what culture we are or what is our historical background . 
  the very idea of eu was to find common ground between european countries and we have found some of that . 
  if we start creating blocks that only involve countries with the same culture we are back in the 1930 . 
  i had to check it after that comment . 
  it was pretty good , niice . . 
  this makes you realise how things really have progressed well . 
  next stop , we see a day when a conflict with russia seems as absurd and impossible as between paris and berlin . 
  exactly . 
  and that is the one things i absolutely hate in education . 
  the grades , scores , averages they are insignificant when it comes to living the life . 
  in life you will need totally different skills than the ability to reach good grades . 
  i have seen some girls being very controlling of their man , is this typical for russian girls ? 
  that \u00b4 s nicely put . 
  while i would call myself and those born into a welfare state lucky bastards , it has needed a considerable amount of work to get here . 
  i think one of the best questions i have been asked about the success of the nordic countries came from a nigerian exchange student . 
  when i asked him why did he decide to come to finland for an exchange , he answered he wanted to see how we do it here . 
  he said that in their country they have plentiful resources , oil , diamonds and minerals and huge exports but still their country and their people are poor . 
  he couldnt understand how everyone here is so rich even though we have just forests and lakes . 
  he wanted to see what we do differently . 
  in my personal opinion we haven \u00b4 t suffered from human greed in the extent that many other countries do by having a rich elite , and in developing countries fully corrupted people in power . 
  well yes and no , finland is not scandinavian country but it is in scandinavian peninsula . 
  so geographically it is scandinavian , but by ethno-cultural origin it is not . 
  swedes , norwegians and danes have a germanic heritage where as finns have arrived from the east . 
  finnish is uralic language and scandinavian languages are germanic languages . 
  but while we might have different origins , we have a long history together and nowdays stand in the same boat as nordic countries . 
  seems to be rather old statistic before 2004 enlargement . 
  hey hey calm down , i say to you situation isn \u00b4 t as severe as you think . 
  while you may read that on the internet or hear some retired people laughing on the inconsistencies of greece etc. 
  i assure you we dont despise you , i love southern countries and in no way i would want your countries to develop to be more like ours in the north . 
  your culture is different and thats why i like it . 
  but what needs improvements is the nations structure and the efficiency of the government . 
  it isn \u00b4 t about how the people are , it is about how the resources available are used . 
  take greece for example , tax money was spent on nonsense like subsidies for dead people and huge pay checks in public jobs . 
  thats the thing . 
  this remind me of a funny event . 
  i was in italy last summer and stayed in a hostel , the first night i payed for one night and bought two more nights the next evening . 
  well it happens they had marked i already payed for the nights and refused my money . 
  i insisted to pay because i was sure i hadnt payed yet . 
  this seemed to be wierd for the italians because they reminded me of this my entire stay saying `` oohhhh finland , the least corrupt country '' best hostel i have ever stayed in though . 
  what does this sum up to ? 
  interesting to see how trust on other nations is divided north/south the highest averages : sweden 3.25 denmark 3.06 finland 3.05 the lowest averages : greece 2.55 portugal 2.55 italy 2.64, 
  basically the point in the video was that the form of power is going to be different in 21st century . 
  we are moving away from the 19th century model of power , the hard power of military strength and population to civic influence . 
  of course usa will stay the super power when it comes to hard power but eu has the possibility to be the second super power when in the lines of 21st century means of ppower projection . 
  its a sign of power , they are showing them that they are here and they have means and tools to escalate . 
  i thought i was still dreaming , but no it is true !, 
  this guy has a big fanbase , my friend actually likes these songs even though he is 22 already . 
  there is just something so original in this guy . 
  you can read more about this rapper [ here ] ( http://noisey.vice.com/blog/meet-yung-lean-doer-the-tee-swedish-white-rapper-whos-easily-the-weirdest-thing-on-the-internet-this-month ), 
  we also have to remember that they can not project 1700 fighters in a single sector at once , they have maybe half of that in western part of the country . 
  well in a historic context there is some sense as we have balanced between west and soviet union throughout most of our independence , and we are just a tiny nation in the north so some people might get scared while our neighbour is doing some big nation politics . 
  but for this situation it doesnt make any sense to scare people with a war . 
  i getting a bit sick of these war related news . 
  no one wants to fight a war . 
  bring back kalmari union !, 
  students , the light of the future who are supposed to bring the country forward and they are already victims of corruption . 
  and in this case student association is already taking bribes . 
  that kind of a shit makes me go into a rage mode . 
  in my personal thinking it is indeed corruption which is the root of all failure in a society . 
  the first picture was nice , then it was all downhill from there . 
  terrible conditions i have to say . 
  i thought i had it bad with three messy roommates but living there must be agonising . 
  come north !, 
  we have plenty of room here . 
  yes i am coming . 
  whenever i have money again . 
  but certainly beautiful clips there . 
  seems to be life expectancy . 
  yea i guess thats the plan , got to find something to sell in this wasteland .
