  1 ) in my view i feel popular opinion is quite split , there are the strict people who want to show russia that we are also powerful and show them that this kind of an action does not go without repercussions . 
  on the other hand many seem to feel we shouldnt start hindering our own economy for this issue as it is just the crimean island . 
  and the usual anti-west sentiment that we shouldnt be puting our nose to other nation \u00b4 s business . 
  2 ) in my own opinion west has lost this round and i feel we shouldnt escalate this situation any further . 
  russia can have that coastline . 
  i come from finland and in my school we have a lot of russians and the way i have seen it they truly think of their actions as righteous and that kiyv uprising was fascist and organised by the west , so they certainly believe they are right on this case . 
  this is why i think west must not get into prolonged conflict , otherwise anti-west sentiment will grow in russia and putin \u00b4 s power will grow in face of an external threat and we dont want that . 
  instead , we need to start playing the long ball . 
  russia has showed we can not trust them , they have showed they still use the same old deceitful tactics to gain what they need ( finland and the baltics 1939 t.ex ) . 
  we need to start building our energy sector to be independent from russia and fix our economy in europe . 
  we need strong characters as eu foreign minister and president . 
  we need to get ukraine to its feet and cut the fascist groups in ukraine . 
  if russia doesnt change its government structure ( corruption , oligarches , raw material exports , neglecting society developing like education ) they will find themselves in trouble in 10 to 20 years while new technologies decrease dependancy on oil and gas . 
  one thing i have noticed , the ever present prejudice to russians have increased here in finland , at least what comes to the internet forums . 
  with the troubled history we have had in the past this situation just exaggerates those issues and i believe more people have re-assessed their view on joining nato, 
  yes , their arms industry is lacking behind in many areas . 
  take the t-90 for example , russia lacked capability to make high-tech infrared sights so instead they bought them from france . 
  this was a very good article and certainly a new point of view to me . 
  the point about russian economy being in trouble in the future is interesting , as it can not compete with cheap labor countries and neither with developed economies . 
  if they dont start to improve the economy they are going to find themselves in trouble in 10 to 20 years as reliance in oil will decrease . 
  now we just need that new nuclear power plant and we can start selling the good stuff to germany !, 
   it features a circle of 12 gold stars on a blue background . 
  they stand for the ideals of unity , solidarity and harmony among the peoples of europe . 
  http://europa.eu/about-eu/basic-information/symbols/flag/index_en.htm [ circle of stars wiki ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/circle_of_stars#european_union ) [ explainer : what does the european flag mean ? 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=r5grl_mw9nk&amp;feature=youtu.be&amp;t=4m32s ) [ vatican insider \u00b4 s take on the flag ] ( http://vaticaninsider.lastampa.it/en/inquiries-and-interviews/detail/articolo/europa-europe-19118/ ), 
  [ jyv\u00e4skyl\u00e4 , finland ] ( http://m.imgur.com/0bhgjho ) did n't have scissors but luckily i have good tearing skills . 
  good idea , i try to remember to print this at uni tomorrow . 
  stop putting our drunk idiots in jail !, 
  accept or we attack . 
  maybe not reposting , but a comment thread which works as a log . 
  10:46 deleted thread `` welcome to finl\u00e4\u00e4\u00e4nd '' , reason : incorrect title or whatever the reason is . 
  the problem is that something can be deleted or hidden without reasoning or explanation , which leaves mouths open for questions . 
  is there a possibility for some sort of a log for mod interventions ? 
  something like a separate subreddit with a running comments when a thread is deleted , hidden etc. 
  just the other day i was commenting on a rising thread then few hours earlier the thread wasnt visible on / r/europe and no one has any idea what happened . 
  not knowing why something gets hidden or banned is annoying . 
  why did that happen ? 
  years 2010-2014 we have had an annual trade deficit , and exports kept shrinking january to early april this year . 
  but in april there was a trade surplus of 500 million . 
  havent checked the latest data from summer months though , but could be the weaker euro is finally beginning to kick . 
  [ expand to five years ] ( http://finance.yahoo.com/echarts?s=eurusd%3dx+interactive# { % 22range % 22 : % 225y % 22 , % 22allowchartstacking % 22 : true } ) we are talking about economic slowdown for the past four to seven years . 
  euro started to weaken half a year ago . 
  basically there was a lot of people moving to cities after the world war , thats when the urbanisation started here . 
  there was demand for quick-to-build , affordable housing . 
  helsinki looks : http://www.hel-looks.com/ if you want to see more interesting street styles thats the place to go . 
  [ its interesting ] ( https://imgur.com/yjrr1py ), 
  i answered this lower in the thread and i see it fits here too . 
   nokia plays a part but lets not imagine our economy is dependant on one tech company . 
  it did attribute to growth in early 2000s but we have had stagnant growth for almost all seven years since 2008 . 
     i list a few reasons :    decline in traditionally strong exports industries : forestry , machinery , shipbuilding , metals . 
  forestry used to be one of our main exports . 
  paper industry is in the middle of adjustment as global demands change . 
  changes in these industries have increased unemployment . 
     high cost of labour and lower productivity than germany , strong unions and worker policies have made it expensive to have production in finland . 
  many factories from traditionally strong industries like steel and machinery have dicontinued factories in finland and opened factories else where . 
     somewhat inflexible small business environment . 
  retirement fund costs and mandatory benefits for employees make it risky for small businesses to expand by hiring workers . 
     euro . 
  finland is very export driven economy . 
  strong euro makes our export products less competitive . 
     trade with russia . 
  we have always had strong trade with our eastern neighbour , this trade has suffered immensely for past year and a half and shrinking of russian economy has affected us . 
     inability to reform , big governmental changes like the health services reform and municipality reform have turned out to be difficult and expensive to finish . 
  originally intended to make the services more efficient and cost-wise has turned into a bueraucratic struggle, 
  nokia plays a part but lets not imagine our economy is dependant on one tech company . 
  it did attribute to growth in early 2000s but we have had stagnant growth for almost all seven years since 2008 . 
  i list a few reasons : - decline in traditionally strong exports industries : forestry , machinery , shipbuilding , metals . 
  forestry used to be one of our main exports . 
  paper industry is in the middle of adjustment as global demands change . 
  changes in these industries have increased unemployment . 
  - high cost of labour and lower productivity than germany , strong unions and worker policies have made it expensive to have production in finland . 
  many factories from traditionally strong industries like steel and machinery have dicontinued factories in finland and opened factories else where . 
  - somewhat inflexible small business environment . 
  retirement fund costs and mandatory benefits for employees make it risky for small businesses to expand by hiring workers . 
  - euro . 
  finland is very export driven economy . 
  strong euro makes our export products less competitive . 
  - trade with russia . 
  we have always had strong trade with our eastern neighbour , this trade has suffered immensely for past year and a half and shrinking of russian economy has affected us . 
  - inability to reform , big governmental changes like the health services reform and municipality reform have turned out to be difficult and expensive to finish . 
  originally intended to make the services more efficient and cost-wise has turned into a bueraucratic struggle, 
  yes , when one is in a position where he can fill all his desires , he will slowly become numb and seek more and more , losing the innocence and humanity in the progress . 
  maybe ravaging innocent children becomes some wierd outlet for them . 
  or then for some pedophiles the urge is so strong , they are willing to climb the ladder of society all the way to the upper echelon . 
  there they reach a position of power where they can satisfy they burning urges freely . 
  yep , it seems they targeted some previosly known leftist guy and some others were caught in between the assault . 
  this is just rumours though . 
  had the same experience in wisconsin and illinois . 
  this cold ac manufactured temperature was especially prevalent in restaurants . 
  yes , we have opposed the bailouts many times but in the end we have always accepted and contributed along with the rest of the europe . 
  so shall the time come for a finnish bailout i would expect to at least get the same we have given . 
  in general , speaking on nordic countries , we rarely have any rallies in support of anything . 
  rallying just isnt very common here . 
  on the other side , has there been rallies against greece ? 
  not that i remember . 
  and there has been a will to keep eurozone together , so far all the bailouts have been approved in the northern parliaments . 
  and there has been several of them since 2008 , not just for greece but ireland , portugal and cyprus for example . 
  these are in addition to being a net contributor for several years . 
  the four largest net contributors to eu budget as a proportion of gdp are denmark , italy , germany , finland ( wikipedia ) . 
  and finland for example is part of european stability mechanism , even though we do not have any financial interests to be secured in southern countries , because we have no big international banks operating in that area .
