  we can argue this is a case of keeping ez together without underlying financial interests . 
  there was opposition here to join the mechanism , but we still joined it . 
  but you have to understand , all these problems and bailouts are exhausting for the people . 
  all they hear in the news is that again and again we are contributing money , but the benefits of being part of eu and euro rarely make any news . 
  it is seven years since the beginning of the crisis and economies , ours included , are still performing weakly . 
  and now more money is needed when we are implementing austerity of our own to cut the budget deficit . 
  so it is only natural solidarity is on the essence . 
  cooperate for years , no one will notice . 
  be difficult once and everyone loses their minds, 
   to be honest , if i 'm downhearted about anything , it has been the extent to which people have willingly bought into a variety of simplistic narratives about the crisis , and the damage done by that . 
  amen , reading / r/europe the past days have been rather disheartening . 
  it is as if european project came to an end overnight and the comments and views have been very sentimental and simplistic . 
  cant help but feel that many commenters are either very idealistic or then just young . 
  because the discourse and conflict between the nations has just been normal politics , we cant possibly imagine european states to throw away domestic issues and national interests away at this age of european project . 
  people themselves arent ready for that , no matter what average / r/europe user believes . 
  but maybe this crisis was a good reality check for all of us to see where this europen project stands at the moment . 
  neither forced solidarity works , rather that leaves both countries feeling left out . 
  and i like to remind people that even if greece would leave eurozone , they are still part of eu . 
  no thats not the point i was explaining . 
  finland is not stagnating because of greece at the moment , we have our own problems in the economy that cause slow growth . 
  but the stagnation would come indirectly . 
  see , the finns party ( anti-eu , anti-bailout ) is one of three parties which form the government . 
  and this government is set out to do major budget cuts and reforms to balance our economy , something which should have been done years ago . 
  now if it comes to a point in which the parliament has to vote on a new bailout , the finns party will very likely vote against the government \u00b4 s proposal as they will never agree to a new bailout unless they bend over backwards . 
  this would likely cause the current government to collapse and it would take months to organise a new , and to make a new government action plan . 
  this would set us back on the reforms we needed years ago . 
  thus , having a negative consequence on the economy . 
  :d well you can start with that in the dozen other german hate sub-threads . 
  yes that rustled my jimmies too . 
  especially pretending that germany is some sort of puppeteer who plays europe and small nations by its will . 
  no , the same sentiments are just shared in some nations . 
  germany , germany , germany . 
  it is not the only country opposing a new bailout and in support of grexit . 
  if it comes to a new bailout , it will be almost impossible to approve it in all the euro parliaments , finland for example is a no-go . 
  and a new bailout is likely needed if we want greece to stay , the current methods like european stability mechanism might not be enough . 
  and thats the only solution we could get unilateral funding agreed . 
  and remember , europe exists also beyond eurozone . 
  well , it will be near impossible to approve a third bailout through finnish parliament so i am glad we are not alone . 
  if rest of the europe approved the new proposal and we would need to try to pass it through our parliament , there is a very high chance of our government collapsing . 
  this would sink our economy as we are in the middle of starting reforms . 
  the finns party has campaigned againts the bailouts ever since the beginning , at all turns of the crisis . 
  already early on they were bringing up the popular sentiment that our money goes to big german banks , not to greece . 
  it is impossible for them to back off from their anti-bailout stance without losing all the political capital they have acculumated . 
  therefore new bailout will not go through finnish parliament without the collapse of government and heavy cost to finland . 
  agree with you . 
  i used to love these big skylines and huge skyscrapers , that is until i actually visited usa and cities like chicago and new york . 
  they were great but there is just something so cozy and welcoming in the historical , small old townish european cities . 
  yes , and he is not saying that earth was created in 6 days or that earth is only 6000 years old . 
  so lets not try to paint him as a simple creationist , even though reddit loves to bash them . 
  he doesnt deny big bang theory nor evolution , but rather sees a god behind these acts . 
  thats what i get from this and it is a very common view for academic christians to see the religion and the creation answering the question why and science answers the question how . 
  and having a phd in theology attests academic expertise , getting to that level takes an academic state of mind . 
  absolute truth on what basis ? 
  what do you see in our history as `` bullies winning '' and it leading to the society we live in now ? 
  clearly the bullies have not won because we live in a rather good societies which respect human rights and seek fairness , a situation which took hundreds of years to develop and still takes development . 
  majority of humans seek stability and peaceful life in the very end , we wouldnt be here if it was otherwise and if these `` bullies '' had won . 
  while i do not accept this phenomena that we should change our norms to help others accommodate , lets not blow this out of proportion and feel like all will be lost . 
  very interesting video and overall seemed to be a pretty good exercise . 
  its a good thing lithuania is training the troops to be prepared for the threats we have seen in ukraine . 
  rooting insurgency will be a difficult task so training troops now is a good thing . 
  hopefully there is also people willing to put their lifes on the line as the amount of casualties will be high even for a small amount of insurgency . 
  the best way to kill insurgency is to overpower it before it grows . 
  the fights will be extremely heavy casualty when you try to clear a building . 
  you can see this by looking from 12:55 onward and imagine live bullets were used . 
  the corridors , doors and staircases are dangerous chokepoints . 
  for example the defender can drop grenades from upper stairs easily taking out the whole squad . 
  i remember an urban exercise back in the army where we practised assault on a three story industrial building with an offensive of about 130 men against 15 defenders . 
  it is incredibly dangerous to assault a building especially if you dont plan to level it down . 
  we ended up losing maybe 40-60 % of the force each time . 
  and we were using laser tags attached to rifles so you knew when you were really killed . 
  well the nation was divided between the reds and whites back in early 20th century . 
  reds were a big part of the population as they came from poor background and therefore were fond of communist ideals . 
  lenin didnt acknowledge finland \u00b4 s independence for the sake of national self-determination . 
  at the time of declaration of independence in 1917 russia was winded with the revolution and ww1 so keeping or forcing finland to stay would have been difficult . 
  lenin believed that communism will naturally spread to finland with the communists taking over the government . 
  this way finland would eventually come back to russia . 
  this of course didnt happen as the red side lost the civil war . 
  in ww2 russia felt threatened because of finland \u00b4 s close borders to st. petersburg . 
  they were not afraid that it would be finland which would take advantage of this but rather germany . 
  germany helped the `` white '' side during the civil war so finland \u00b4 s government had a friendly view of german state and they shared a cooperative relationship . 
  russia feared that germany would ally with finland and use finnish territories for military purposes . 
  this led to winter war , russia seeked more buffer between finland \u00b4 s border and st. petersburg . 
  as for modern day , i see no reason for russia to attack finland . 
  that is unless we join nato or what i see is more dangerous : russia sees we will inevitably join , but are not yet close to joining . 
  in that case i am afraid the situation would be similar as in ww2 . 
  finland would serve as very strategic location for nato in the north , and this increased nato presence near important russian locations could make russia feel threatened and pressured . 
  as a pre-emptive action russia would act on finland before nato joining and article v. purely hypotethical , but i hardly see any other reasons for just invading finland . 
  it will always be part of something bigger thats going on . 
  actually i read an interesting article about this . 
  some iraqi oil boss lived in norway at the time of the oil discovery . 
  he had personal experience of what happens to a country when it finds oil i.e it becomes an oil state . 
  so he managed to convince norwegian leaders to set up on oil fund where to direct most of the oil profits . 
  this way the economy continues to grow normally with some stimulus from oil and immense security of the oil fund . 
  so i believe norway would be something like finland even without oil . 
  same here !, 
  there is always huge opposition in city councils when a tall building is proposed . 
  just recently helsinki city council didnt approve a building permit for a tall hotel building with the reasoning to preserve the skyline . 
  and in my hometown city council denied the proposal of building a 16 floor residential house . 
  it is some sort of a thing here in the north to oppose tall buildings . 
  i agree .
