if it was in the us economic interest to let europe burn a little it would n't hesitate to fan the flames . 
  under what circumstances would that be the case ? 
  germany , brazil , sweden , norway , spain , portugal , italy , poland , czech republic , argentina , belgium , the netherlands , colombia , finland , israel , south korea , peru , south africa , and many more , most of the democratic world , actually , if you count countries with mixed systems like mexico and new zealand . 
  til new labour is a left-wing party . 
  yes , but at least chaplin knew when to stop putting product in his hair . 
  hitler looks like the kinda guy who would ruin your sofa with hair goop . 
  i dunno , that mustache and haircut ... 
  as a utahan , that one shocked me . 
  i figured it would be portuguese ( lots of mormons who were missionaries in brazil and a decent immigrant population ) or perhaps chinese . 
  to be fair , christian rock is only marginally worse than eurovision . 
  ladino/judeo-spanish . 
  ( look it up on youtube ) . 
  yeah , but it has n't been doing as well in the polls as it has been recently . 
  no wonder we have a special relationship . 
  nato is definitely not as cohesive as it once was but i 'm pretty sure everyone would agree to retaliate against that . 
  `` swedish dogs . 
  your blood is tainted by generations of race-mixing with laplanders , you 're basically finns . '', 
  i definitely remember those , and a few kids i knew growing up were adopted from romanian ( and ukrainian ) orphanages . 
  i think romania was among the top countries for international adoptions for much of the 90s . 
  on top of that there was dracula from the castlevania games . 
  evidence of magna graecia or is that from more recent migrations ? 
  wow . 
  they do n't even have any major religious groups pressuring them to deny it like with evolution or the big bang . 
  a better question would be `` how many europeans could locate louisiana on a map in november of 2005 after months of coverage of hurricane katrina ? '', 
  welcome to the party !, 
  it 's a trilby !, 
  colder , perhaps ? 
  no traffic . 
  many postindustrial western societies struggle to integrate their muslim and roma residents into political and economic life . 
  would it still be a vassal state to norway ? 
  between this , crimea joining russia , bulgaria joining monaco , venice reinstating the doge and building a new maritime republic , and scotland becoming independent , we will all need new maps by year 's end . 
  they have a bunch of summer camps and resort towns in crimea now . 
  no telling what they 'll do with them . 
  tell that to the serbs and the afghans . 
  everything was goering for him . 
  lebensraum for windsor , ontario . 
  new europe . 
  ask the countries highlighted are also eu members and it 's an article about eu sanctions , not albanian ones . 
  i saw a michael palin travel show where they were converting them into beach cottages . 
  they looked pretty cozy . 
   van rompuy and yatsenyuk - two indirectly elected leaders deciding the fate of 45 million people . 
  ftfy, 
  mario was a plumber and he 's defeated countless enemies , it 's a noble profession . 
  someone might have expressed some sympathy for your position if you had n't said `` jew bankster '' . 
  just a tip for future debates . 
  i think ukraine as brazil 's 27th state would be great . 
  [ this one ] ( http://www.en.wikipedia.org/wiki/2008_kosovo_declaration_of_independence ), 
  meh , i think they 're okay with k\u00f6nigsberg and sebastopol for now . 
  what if you hold multiple passports ? 
  you 'd get the kola superdeep borehole , that 's nice ... 
  best explanation of memoranda i 've ever seen . 
  was n't germany one of the biggest trading partners of both france and britain in 1914 ? 
  i agree with you that they 'll probably stay on the sidelines but you can never be sure . 
  the vatican is an absolute monarchy , but you 're right . 
  that 's ridiculous , everyone knows [ mary is with mexico ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hah5igntwbo&amp;feature=youtube_gdata_player ) . 
  svoboda is more like the ukrainian equivalent of jobbik in hungary or golden dawn in greece or the bnp in the uk , so it 's more gray than that . 
  perfidious gender ideology ? 
  that must have made for interesting simultaneous protests over years . 
  hopefully they 'll be ready some day . 
  sorry about that . 
  here in the states it 's usually california and whatever state one lives in , then probably the states bordering that state , so basically yeah . 
  do you still have that destroyer with harriers and copters you used in the falklands ? 
  all countries with slavic languages are still the amorphous eastern bloc for us unfortunately . 
  can confirm , am american . 
  most of us have knowledge of us geography roughly equivalent to the knowledge most europeans have if us geography , it 's pretty pathetic having lived on both coasts and nobody in either being able to locate the other state . 
  exactly . 
  i ca n't see the ukrainian government being foolish enough to try to regain control of crimea any time soon . 
  correct , his base of power was ethnic russians in the east/south and also rusyns ( and possibly poles and slovaks i ca n't remember ) in the far west . 
  wow , i did n't realize albania stayed ( formally at least ) in the warsaw pact for that long after the sino-soviet split !, 
  i heard that russian consulates in crimea and eastern ukraine have been flooded with requests for those already . 
  tradition , jingoism , and , arguably , the idea that the dominance of the major leagues has essentially made them the only relevant leagues in world . 
  the name has been around for more than a century ( back when the major leagues were actually the only really competitive leagues ) , so it 's not going to change . 
  most of the latin american leagues have resigned themselves to a subservient status , japan seems okay with it 's separate but equal status since it gets to keep its players for 10 years , cuba is n't about to let the players in its proudly independent league compete with bourgeois professionals or risk further defections , and san juan , puerto rico and monterrey , mexico have actually tried to get major league teams to relocate to their cities despite the fact that both have decades long traditions in their national leagues . 
  it would be nice to recognize the transnational nature of the sport , but it 's not going to happen . 
  it does n't , which really sucks because it and cuba are the only leagues besides the us with world-class players because the restrict their players from going straight to the majors . 
  if it actually became a world series i think that might help the failing leagues in places like the dominican republic and venezuela , where the leagues have collapsed as players in both nations now make like 20 % of mlb rosters . 
  but considering how ignored the world baseball classic is i ca n't imagine anything like a champions league happening in baseball anytime soon . 
  baseball is also big in japan and the caribbean , so it 's more like the 1/8 of the world series . 
   statues of jefferson davis in the south murican here , unfortunately there are still tons of those around , and state holidays in many states honoring the confederacy . 
  hell , half of our high school textbooks downplay the fact that the reason they seceded was so they could continue to own and abuse human beings . 
  will the uk air ads encouraging people not to emigrate like with romania and bulgaria ? 
  yeah . 
  i 'm of english , irish , welsh , swedish and norwegian descent buy honestly identify with the culture of mexico or canada more than any european country . 
  a lot of that assimilation is actually the result of direct state policy here , during and following wwi most states passed laws outlawing bilingual education , which at that time was primarily german/english . 
  a slightly higher percentage of schools were bilingual then than now in the us . 
  spite and not wanting to give any regions in their countries any ideas . 
  not really , you need a unanimous decision to join the eu . 
  if spain ( or anyone else ) opposes it , it wo n't happen . 
  yes , but i 'm not sure other countries with large separatist movements ( e.g. 
  spain ) would be too keen on it . 
  scotland needs all 27 members to support their eu bid and all indications seem to suggest the current government in madrid would be willing to use its veto . 
  no idea , just a possibility , personally i love them both . 
  aversion to bakeries and churrasqueiras ? 
  surprised no greeks have claimed all the elements known to the ancient as their own yet . 
  wow . 
  i figured at least one of them would have been discovered in japan by now . 
  good job , europe and european settler colonies !, 
  if someone was to ask me that i 'd just tell them that ireland recently displaced thailand and colombia to become to he world 's biggest producer of emeralds . 
  that did always confuse me as a child watching the olympics and the world cup . 
  but not as much as the green aussies , the blue italians , or the burgundy venezuelans .
