so if europe is n't doing enough to fight isis , why are n't they doing more ? 
  south america is n't homogeneous . 
  and this is n't so black and white . 
  leftists are still angry that the us intervened to keep them from falling under the soviet sphere of influence . 
  but this is n't always a bad thing . 
  this led to the economic boom in chile , because free market economics took hold . 
  look up `` the chicago boys '' -- and despite pinochet 's authoritarian regieme , he still remains a massively controversial figure in chilean politics . 
  the dominican republic is n't as anti-american . 
  bolivia and argentina are . 
  in mexico , the pri ( a center-left party ) had held power for about 100 years . 
  it holds a complicated relationship with the us . 
  cubans who come to the us are overwhelmingly gop supportive . 
  venezuelans as well . 
  so i think it 's has more to do with an opposition to those in power . 
  and it happens to be that many of those governments are supported by the us . 
  so a big question for me is what are we doing to stop them ? 
  this is n't just america 's problem , regardless of who you blame . 
  europe especially knows this . 
  so now what ? 
  what is europe doing ? 
  not a whole lot . 
  and i have the same criticisms of obama . 
  everyone is so hitched on to these delusional pacifist ideology . 
  `` war is bad '' or `` think of all the innocent people '' -- which is n't bad , but it 's unrealistic . 
  and it 's one of my major criticisms of the left . 
  so half my family is mexican , and i consider myself an american conservative . 
  ( the other half is chinese -- so no wasp-y influence ) either way . 
  i 've met one who said he supported him , but he was mexican american . 
  it was out of ignorance really , and the more we talked , the less ignorant he became . 
  and thus so his support , which never was that strong to begin with , began to fade . 
  so there 's that . 
  my family in mexico is [ mexican ] conservative . 
  they generally support pan , although ( as most mexicans ) they are largely cynical of any politician . 
  they all hate him . 
  everyone in mexico does . 
  everyone . 
  the only ones who might not might be upper crust religious people . 
  and even then some , that 's a stretch . 
  it would be support for him because of a hatred of clinton . 
  latin america is odd . 
  it 's a cynical region of the world , with some very diverse opinions . 
  some very anti-american rhetoric can be found . 
  while pro-americanism is n't that rare either . 
  depending on the country . 
  it 's not like europe , which is generally pro-american , but with a large smugness added to it all . 
  this is `` america wants to watch the world burn while laughing '' kind of anti-american . 
  i 've also seen some rhetoric amongst some of my mexican friends ( most of which are velmently and rediculously anti-american ) say they like trump more , because he 's honest about wanting to screw them over . 
  whereas they view clinton as someone who will discretely screw them over . 
  and they appreciate his openness , even if they still hate him . 
  the same friends have accused the us of fabricating isis , as an excuse to invade . 
  so make of that what you will . 
  found the hungarian . 
  we could commit to have a long term presence in unstable regions . 
  pulling out of iraq was a mistake . 
  not going into syria before the russians did was a mistake . 
  you need people there . 
  what 's your solution ? 
  keep on doing nothing , right ? 
  it 's not anecdotal if there are patterns . 
  not completely a non sequitur , but the bottom line i was really trying to get at was that there was n't a deal with the russians , because the russians do n't care about the west . 
  the russians , or rather putin , care about putin . 
  the russins ate obama 's lunch , because he was too slow to react . 
  he left the french out to dry when they promised support . 
  he said we would intervene , and then did n't . 
  and ended up half assing it again , and ended up kind of sort of sending military aid . 
  but not anything substantial that would do anything . 
  he had the chance to do something . 
  to have gone and ousted assad , stopped isis , and prevented an expansion of russian influence . 
  he did n't . 
  he was also too trigger happy to leave iraq . 
  look where that has us now . 
  an occupied iraq would n't have encountered these issues . 
  as if he did n't know a democracy in its early stages is most fragile . 
  he did it to keep a compaign promise to the same bunch of people who cry about how no one is doing anything . 
  anyway , the fact that you would insinuate that a deal was brokered with the russians . 
  i never said you agree with putin in syria or ukraine . 
  i 'm criticizing your stance on inaction . 
  i made my case for military intervention . 
  sorry if that was n't clear . 
  he did n't broker a deal . 
  he let the russians retake influence in syria . 
  the history between syria and russia is much longer than you 're implying . 
  did he also broker a deal with ukraine ? 
  maybe we should broker deals with isis too , that seems to work real well in your eyes . 
  and no , it does n't sound dark , because that 's exactly the point . 
  no one cares . 
  no one has ever cared . 
  which is all the more reason it 's stupid to get intimated by a poor performance from a military intervention . 
  i 've made my opinion clear . 
  it 's you , sir , who refuses to act in any other way . 
  oh please . 
  a proactive approach is a necessary one . 
  the west needs to stop reacting to everything , and initiating its own solutions . 
  the middle east has been a fucked up region for the past 70 years . 
  and each and every single time something bad happens , the west contemplates doing something , but gives a half assed response . 
  it 's been going on since vietnam . 
  the us could 've won vietnam , but it did n't want to . 
  modern warfare is n't like world war 2 -- they 're are attrition based . 
  look at the ousting of the shah in iran , that resulted in a faux democracy . 
  the suez canal .
