only for a first few times . 
  have n't noticed anything . 
  you 'll be surprised . 
  umm , no they are not . 
  the problem with gays is virtual , it exist only in the media . 
  from some bizarre point of view it is fascinating , true magician shit - you look one way , they put a card in your pocket . 
  like '' ** we hate gay people ** * _ and we spend all your pensions on crimea _ * '', 
  i would not advise anyone to do that . 
  you just have to trust me on this one . 
  well , it 's not obvious for me . 
  i am not a trained psychiatrist , and , as far as i know , understanding psychopathologies is still quite a challenge even for them . 
  at this point , i would like to make a public statement that i did n't vote for putin , never in my life . 
  and i have n't got a faintest idea what the fuck they are up to . 
  thank you . 
  inside or outside ? 
  outside it probably will look pretty much the same . 
  inside needs to change . 
  like these seats , that definitely were made by someone with the arts degree . 
  it 's a design concept . 
  it 's not in production yet . 
  * levenstein distance - cool * hamming distance - cool * jaccard distance - meh * terrorist distance - wait , what ? 
  so , your idea is to centralize it . 
  then decentralize it . 
  i do not approve . 
  yes , but it 's just too dangerous . 
  i do n't know about somalia , but these commuter trains around sochi ... let 's just say that 35c outside and exactly 0 ac units inside is not the best combination . 
  people get heat strokes . 
  fuck moscow , i 'm moving to somalia . 
  should n't be much worse and climate is better for sure . 
  yes , you do . 
  stalin had to keep pretty large amount of his forces on eastern border because of japan . 
  after it became obvious that japan is getting down into war with us and ca n't support germany in russia , these forces were relocated and joined fight for moscow . 
  cold winter of 1941-1942 was n't really helping germans , but when fresh forces arrived from siberia , with their sheepskin coats and cold-resistant equipment ( cold kills standard lube in weapons and machinery ) , it became too much . 
  so , yes , moscow was saved by winter , pearl harbor and insane ability of russians to not die long enough . 
  and * that * is the worse thing you 've found about nashi ? 
  really ? 
  first of all , are you aware that they do not exist since 2012 ? 
  and then , you are using caption from a photo on time.com as a factual proof of something ? 
  and what exactly do you like about the photo ? 
  uniform ? 
  then you might not know that every schoolkid in russia participates in a some kind of `` military service preparation event '' that is exactly that - photo opportunity with uniforms and kalashnikovs . 
  context is a bitch , is n't it ? 
  i am seriously telling you that i lived here all my life , but have n't seen single one `` nashi thug '' ( paramilitary ?!, 
  wtf ? ) . 
  youth camps ? 
  paramilitary training ? 
  sorry , but what the fuck are you talking about ? 
  nope . 
  here is the report -- http://www.osce.org/odihr/90461 the only fact stated there is biased media coverage , which is undeniable . 
  nothing else . 
  there was a reason why i included presidential elections in the list . 
  this is n't well communicated outside russia , but last presidential elections were , probably , single most depressing event in the modern history of russia . 
  putin , who is * hated * among elite , won by a huge margin because of votes of * other * people living in russia . 
  and we ( i hate him too ) found zero evidence of fraud . 
  it is simply the fact that we are minority here . 
  there were cameras on every poll station , my friends were observers . 
  still nothing . 
  but really , what do we know ? 
  because it seems that fucking everybody in eu knows better . 
  [ not really . 
  ] ( http://www.ifes.org/content/publications/press-release/2013/2013-public-opinion-survey-in-ukraine.aspx ), 
  because i 'm pretty sure you wo n't find one , obviously . 
  your propaganda is great , seriously . 
  you do n't need to kill any journalists when you are this good at forcing your opinions . 
  look at this great example :  everybody knows the russian elections are rigged for example . 
  they were not . 
  at least the presidential one . 
  but everybody knows that they were . 
  do they have any facts ? 
  do they even care about the facts ? 
  why would they ? 
  just like i said , it 's advertising . 
  so just to make your point even stronger , could please point me to an article in a german or british ( preferably british , i 've forgot most of my german already ) newspaper that is exclusively pro-russian ( pro-putin ) in any of the following issues : ukraine , syria , arctic sunrise , presidential elections in russia, 
  ok , so you 've got all kinds and flavors of crap . 
  i 'll give you another example . 
  advertising . 
  not serving single person . 
  not serving any political force . 
  not really different from propaganda , still bullshit . 
  and , to make things worse , if there is tom cruise in it , it is probably even less true . 
  what he believes does n't matter at all . 
  as it is with you or with me . 
  the fact is very simple : 50 % of people in ukraine are with eu , other 50 % are with russia . 
  which 50 % are brainwashed ? 
  i know very well that watching the * other side * propaganda is refreshing and sometimes very amusing . 
  but accusing propaganda of dishonesty is simply dumb . 
  you may call poker player a liar , but it speaks more about you than him . 
  sure , it is . 
  your propaganda is more professional and subtle , there is no doubt in that . 
  what i am asking is why do you believe it is honest ? 
  what i really do n't get is why do you think your propaganda is more honest than ours ? 
  sorry , but that sounds like iceland is not under our rule , or something . 
  please , stop . 
  well , at least that explains why is there shit in my ears . 
   ordinary russian citizens i 'm not sure if that is an insult . 
  not yet , my friend , not yet . 
  note to self : invade germany . 
   vodka and depression for finland . 
  hello , finland . 
  let 's be friends .
