none of the above . 
  they converted from islam to orthodox christianity after they settled in the bulgarian empire . 
  they probably converted to christianity while being ruled by the russians or romanians . 
  remains ? 
  it 's a winged helmet . 
  i think it 's meant to represent an eagle . 
  they are suspected to be a triad power . 
   israel is an important country in the but nearly every single country in the region hates it and it also has a smaller gdp , population than turkey . 
  and yet they still exist despite those odds . 
  israel has a smaller economy but it is a centre for development of advanced technology . 
  this is the nation which built the iron dome system . 
  here 's an idea . 
  we could discuss both . 
  someone could post a norwegian poll if they want to . 
  they fought over the anglo-irish treaty . 
  ff have roots on the anti-treaty side and fg have their roots on the pro-treaty side . 
  north down bucking the trend . 
  one of the few places in the uk to have an independent mp . 
  catalonia does well because you are in one of the largest free trade areas in the world . 
  you will be leaving that if you vote for independence . 
  scotland was told the same . 
   spain needs catalonia in the eu to protect their economy too . 
  they wo n't block us . 
  i 'm sure the spanish will be more than happy to allow catalonia to join the eu after you unilaterally declare independence . 
  catalonia will be leaving one of the largest free trade areas in the world . 
  do you honestly think that is n't going to have a negative effect on your economy ? 
  what happens if spain blocks your entry into the eu ? 
  you 'll have to cut funding for catalans as well . 
  it does work that way . 
  you ca n't stay in the eu while leaving at the same time and reapplying for membership . 
  the eu said that scotland would have to reapply for membership . 
  that means there can be no transitional deal to keep them in the eu while sorting out the terms of their membership . 
  they leave , reapply , and join if the eu accepts them . 
  it will be the same process for catalonia . 
  we 're not reapplying for membership so it is not a comparable situation . 
  and it was the eu who said so . 
  a transition is n't possible if you have to leave and reapply for membership . 
  the eu ruled out a transition for scotland so they are not going to make an exception for catalonia . 
  the barrosso doctrine still applies . 
  a senior official backed up an official statement from 2012 . 
  the eu 's position has not changed . 
  what part of that do you not understand ? 
  it was n't just an offhand comment . 
  read the article . 
  a senior official reiterated the statement from back in 2012 . 
  the eu 's position has n't changed . 
  we do know . 
  scotland was told that they would have to reapply for eu membership because they would be a new state . 
  scotland joined the eu as a part of the uk . 
  voting to leave the uk would have meant that they also voted to leave the uk 's arrangement with the eu . 
  the same will apply to catalonia . 
  the process may be faster though . 
  answer this question . 
  will catalonia be able to remain a member of the eu if the catalans vote for independence ? 
  many countries would argue that keeping at least a minor stake in their largest carrier ensures they continue to serve in the nation 's interest . 
   is the british government shareholder of ba ? 
  ( or iag ? ), 
  the qataris own 20 % though . 
  ba is also involved in a dispute with its cabin crew over pay . 
   in argentina too . 
  one of the reason is we feel that scottish deserve to have what william wallace fought ( yep , he is very popular here despite of we do n't learn about him in history 's classes ) . 
  also because the hate that a lot of argentines have to british english because falkland malvinas war . 
  most falkland islanders are descendants of scottish immigrants . 
  scotland was a willing partner in the british empire and benefited from it . 
  there are good arguments for scottish independence but hatred of the english is not one of them . 
  they were n't subjugated unlike the irish . 
  any scot who hates the english is a sad individual . 
  it will be a very long period for africa . 
  it 's certainly not the future at the moment . 
  europe has a lot more potential . 
   africa . 
  maybe south africa if they get rid of the anc . 
  most african nations do n't have a bright future ahead of them . 
  okay . 
  knock yourselves out . 
   ( where we 're not on the island of british but are in the united kingdom ) what ? 
  `` great britain '' does n't include the isle of man , isles of scilly , the hebrides , the orkney islands , and the shetland islands . 
  call them the `` british and irish isles '' or just refer to each nation by its name but `` great britain and ireland '' does n't work . 
  most irish people do n't dislike the british . 
  there 's a large irish community in the uk and about 25 % of british people are of part of full irish descent . 
  ireland and the uk generally have good relations . 
   oh well , we did our best to support those brave argentines against british imperialism , maybe they 'll have another go when britain goes bankrupt after brexit , here 's hoping !, 
  war is fine as long as its against those damn brits . 
  this is a cultural exchange so it 's not a place to have a debate about the falkland islands . 
  that 's a biased interpretation of the history of the falkland islands and it 's not a topic suitable for this thread . 
  i 'll just say this . 
  i think it is absurd for an argentine to claim that the falkland islanders are an illegitimate population considering the origin of your country . 
   what do you think of populism ? 
  i do n't like it . 
  it led to brexit . 
  labour under corbyn are considered to be populist by some people . 
   is everyone in love * with russians ? 
  or just me ? 
  the baltic countries love russians . 
  and [ wales ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/y_wladfa ) . 
  christiania is a neighbourhood of about 850 residents in copenhagen . 
  it should n't be an independent . 
  a line has to be drawn at some point . 
  the british government would n't tolerate a london borough declaring itself to be independent . 
  i 'm aware of that .
