  they 're still free though . 
  that 's certainly not the case for younger generations . 
  braces are free on the nhs for under-18s . 
  why would that be problematic ? 
  he 's calling for a ban because a tory member of the london assembly raised the issue of hezbollah flags being flown at al quds day march in london . 
  some are n't . 
  i suppose it depends on how you define `` european '' . 
  it 's hard to believe that many south africans use clicks but that 's language . 
  i do n't have a sense of humour . 
  that 's no where near as bad as getting mixed up between a coalition and a confidence and supply agreement . 
  but nice try . 
  it 's good to know that you 're aware of the difference . 
  an irishman should know the difference between the two . 
  survation was an outlier in the election and they correctly predicted the election . 
  also , it 's not a coalition . 
  and that take me back to my first point . 
  survation still have labour behind the tories and they should n't be dismissed as an outsider . 
  there is n't going to be an election soon so it does n't matter . 
  `` tweaking '' means that you make fine adjustments to a system . 
  they tweaked their model by adjusting those factors . 
  i know you were referring to pollster outside of yougov and survation . 
   ` tweaking ' is an interesting word to describe their modeling changes . 
  most seem to have addressed the main issues ( ie overestimating the number of undecideds that go to the tories + weighting down the number of younger voters ) so i 'm not sure i would agree with your assertion . 
  that 's what tweaking is . 
  survation have n't changed their model and they correctly predicted the election . 
  the other pollster are tweaking their models so they may still be wrong . 
  survation was an outlier in the election as well so that 's irrelevant . 
  survation has labour 1 point behind the tories . 
  they were the other pollster who correctly predicted the election . 
  south africa . 
  hence why i said `` most aussies '' . 
  armenia and azerbaijan are n't considered to be in the middle east . 
  wrong direction . 
  besides , most aussies did well out of the empire . 
  close . 
  you 're about two continents away . 
  and george washington . 
  ancient times had its fair share of scumbags . 
  keep them coming , op . 
  i may be british but my ancestors found themselves on the wrong side of the british empire . 
  answer the question . 
  would it matter if am a ukrainian immigrant in the uk ? 
  go for it . 
   ( are you an ukrainian immigrant in the uk ) ? 
  would it matter if i am ? 
  crimea is a part of ukraine . 
  are you going to do this for every `` scumbag of europe '' , op ? 
  who 's next ? 
  that 's a nice part of ukraine there . 
  they should keep it in brussels because that 's where the council and commission are . 
  the european union also includes parts of africa and the americas thanks to france , the netherlands , and spain . 
   is just pathetic and disrespectful . 
  and yet several people on here are justifying it by dismissing the marshall islands as inconsequential . 
  the marshall islands are under a state of disaster due to climate change . 
  that is why she came to the eu . 
  a small part of kazakhstan is in europe . 
  i 'm referring to the city as a whole . 
  the majority of londoners do not want to secede from the uk . 
  most londoners do want more autonomy though . 
  we do n't want to secede . 
   like at the last election !, 
  and the election before that !, 
  ~ ~ and the election before that ... ~ ~ the lib dems won 23 % of the vote in the 2010 election . 
  most labour supporters voted to remain in the eu . 
  i would n't be surprised if some people who supported him in the election are moving to the lib dems , greens , and the snp because they do n't support labour 's brexit plan . 
  also , people who voted for labour just to prevent a landslide tory majority . 
  survation were one of the few pollsters who predicted a hung parliament and there were right . 
  i would say no harm but we 'll have to agree to disagree . 
  a few days of pomp and ceremony does no harm . 
  we still have a lot of influence . 
  and we 're tiny geographically which is what i was referring to . 
  anyway , calling us a tiny island is ridiculous . 
  the lords only wear their official robes at the state opening of parliament . 
  they wear normal clothes on every other day . 
  great britain is the 8th largest island in the world . 
  your center-right parties do n't seem to be enthusiastic about a united ireland despite openly supporting it . 
  why is that funny ? 
  besides , he ca n't blame the `` london council '' because it does n't exist . 
  the 32 boroughs have their own councils . 
  there is not `` london council '' . 
  the residents were complaining to the kensington and chelsea council which is controlled by the conservatives . 
  they were n't hard right . 
  they were center-right . 
  are you living in a hard left bubble in portugal ? 
  social liberals and social democrats are separate in the uk . 
  the former , like myself , generally do n't support leftist economic policies . 
  you wo n't find us supporting nationalisation of energy companies or people 's quantitative easing . 
  i 'm not informed enough on islington to comment on that . 
  i 'm sure he 'd blame it on the past 7 years of tory rule . 
  which is why they do so well in affluent middle class areas . 
  is it ? 
  i know islington has some affluent areas but i 've never thought of it as a millionaire enclave . 
  i think corbyn 's constituency is one of the most deprived in england . 
  why is not supporting independence dumb ? 
  most scots do n't want another referendum in the near future . 
  that 's why the snp lost seats . 
  no , they do n't . 
  the dup said they do n't want a hard border . 
  i 'd rather adopt stv . 
  larger constituencies with multiple members .
