naw son , i ai n't no leddite i was logged in before you were wwebsiteing . 
  when an upvote just does n't convey how much i like a comment . 
  i think it 's dependent on the country and how they deploy their soldiers and treat their veterans . 
  some countries have a worse reputation than others , for instance as a norwegian i ca n't recommend anybody to sign up for international duties due to the lack of follow up for veterans . 
  i 've not heard much good about the us either . 
  do n't know about france though . 
  well then it 's just funny . 
  the differences between western and say , middle eastern culture is so big that national differences in europe are insignificant . 
  i do n't see you complaining about people not differenciating between the different national cultures in the middle east and just call them as a group `` the muslims '' . 
  it was hysterical satirical until they started namedropping . 
  laughing at idiots is fun , laughing at dumb individuals is not . 
  perhaps , but a state survey here in norway concluded that the refugees as a group is in no way close to western education levels . 
  norwegian state survey regarding syrian refugee education level from a few months ago . 
  i 've read that isis had claimed responsibility through one of their communication centres and that the french president say it was isis . 
  i see adherence to sharia more than a little different , i see it as a fundamental difference that is not compatible with western society . 
  and before people talk about `` the minority '' , 40 % of uk muslims support sharia , that 's not a minute minority . 
  a psychopath already have access to guns in any country in the world . 
  and when it comes to intent a car or a knife can be used with that intent in the same way a gun can be used solely for defence and helping . 
  or a lot of firewood ... 
  the details have n't been figured out , last i heard was that delivery cars and emergency services were except . 
  to which my friend said ; `` then i 'll just use my large company van instead of my company 's alfa romeo to do my personal errands . '', 
  42 million immigrants ? 
  does that include naturalised citizens ? 
  do n't forget people like me , unaffiliated with any political ideologies beyond what my society has given me ( social democracy ) that are against uncritical immigration and do n't agree with the idea that for instance the `` jungle '' near calais is compromised entirely of people trying to flee the war in france , that do n't understand how people going to sweden are escaping the war in denmark or people coming to norway are escaping the war in russia . 
  i 'm here to discuss the migration and what i believe to be a fraction of refugees , i upvote critical statements and posts and while i do not downvote politics i do n't agree with , i will downvote idiotical , anecdotal , emotion based half truths . 
  blaming it all on the nazis is at best ignorant . 
  hmm , then it hardly seems harsh for russia to scrutinise biological research papers before publishing . 
  that is a good point . 
  but how far can one stretch it , should chemistry be subject to the same regulations as it can be used to make explosives ? 
  sure , but my point being that i 'd rather have honest politicians than politicians that experiments with the publics opinions rather than being just a * tad * bit conservative . 
  would you rather have the german politicians that sends out invitations to migrants and then have to go back on it ? 
  i would recommend you go to bed , you 've been thoroughly debated into dust . 
  well , i 've never been there so i 've never seen it either . 
  mobile phone bills . 
   you do know the safety and security of norway is ensured through the implicit threat of violence if another nation would invade ? 
  sure , i was trained in the use of 55mm bofors auto-cannon to be able to blast invaders into tiny pieces . 
  as i noted in a different reply this is n't in regards to pacifism but in regards to specific cases . 
   there are some very rough , unfriendly men who keep you safe and sound in bed at night . 
  do you mean the conscripted general armed forces of norway that i was a part of or ultimately the nuclear deterrent of nato ? 
  most people ( me included ) is quite content letting other people wipe grandpa 's ass . 
  and i also believe him when he said that while it was uncomfortable to rely on strangers , it would be worse if his immediate family had to do it . 
  and i due as heck hope strangers will wipe my bottom and spoonfeed me and care for me when i 'm in a vulnerable situation rather than my kids ... 
  i watched about half of the video . 
  he takes a fact , declares it as invalid yet uses the same fact as part of his arguments . 
  when he said the drowned boy from the mediterranean was moved and propped up by journalists i had enough . 
  i 've had a look at those images and it seems like two different kids judging by the soles of their shoes . 
  right , i think i made a logical shortcut and disregarded the context . 
  i understand him to say that he does n't agree with the principles of western civilization , would that be more accurate ? 
  how do you mean , does the eu have a legitimate way of supplying isis so the union can benefit from the revenue ? 
  i think i 've worded myself awkwardly . 
  in practical situations i have refrained from violence in a number of occasions . 
  that does not exclude violence as a political or defensive tool . 
   it is not uncivilized to try , in any way possible , to prevent the replacement of your own people with people from half the world away . 
  are you arguing that this refugee/migrant situation is a covert operation to commit racial or social genocide on the western culture or swedes ? 
  if that were the case , no it is not uncivilised . 
  but i do n't think that 's what 's going on . 
   unsolidaric to try to prevent your town from being flooded by people very unsoledaric towards their fellow swede , yes . 
  if you count sweden as a collection of individuals instead of a nation i could have agreed with you . 
   i would say that the people who are unsolidaric here are the politicians and pro-immigration activists who impose upon others this burden without even asking them whether they want it i completely agree . 
  but some people being unsoledaric numptys does n't mean others ca n't be as well . 
   and seeing as western culture is effectively destroying western europe wait , is it the leaders that act against the people or the western culture as a whole that is to blame ? 
  please clarify . 
   principles mean absolutely nothing to me . 
  principles is one of the most important things in a civilised society . 
   i bet you are yet another one of those pro-immigration activists whose entire group of friends is white and who lives in the most secluded , whitest areas in town . 
  and i bet you wo n't believe me when i say that being ethnically norwegian i have been demographically in the minority for large parts of my life coming from the inner east of oslo . 
  but you 're right about me having mostly white friends , that is something i wish was otherwise . 
  i served my country , ready to do what i could to stop foreign aggressors and if the nation calls on me to defend the borders from an attack from any enemy nation ( as per the geneva convention ) i will answer . 
  i think i have all the right to discuss it even though i do n't claim the right to enforce my opinions in a democratic fashion . 
  and for good measure , fuck you too . 
  part of the asylum institution is including them into the society with the same human values as the natives . 
  but i point out that illegal economical migrants is n't included , they are criminals that exploit the system at the cost of refugees . 
  that is another discussion though , and i made myself clear regarding that in a different post ; close the borders , take on refugees from the camps or preferably aid them there for a 21:1 cost according to norwegian calculations . 
  and i can understand the arsonists view even though i do n't support them but i do not accept their methods . 
  not really . 
  there are lots of other things i have discounted as well , and driving the immigrants to other cities to * just let somebody else deal with it * was among the `` too unsoledaric towards other swedes '' to be considered . 
  since the person or persons behind it have n't come forward , anything is still speculations unlike that german bloke who stabbed the mayoral candidate , which seems to be due to mental illness . 
  so you feel the downvotes are appropriate because your post got deleted ? 
  high 5, 
  i do n't think that 's an element of this discussion . 
  but it 's interesting , can you link me more info ? 
  well you do n't have to imagine because i can give you an example : i have refrained from violence for the sole cause that it is not in line with a society i want to be part of , nor is it consistent with the society i 've been taught to pursue . 
  now regarding the people in question ; i do n't consider people who burn down refugee centers as healthy parts of the western society . 
  i consider key elements of my culture to resolve disputes within our own society without violence and without breaking the law . 
  yeah some other poster just pointed that out . 
  i can understand their reasoning but still consider it uncivilised , unsoledaric to the people and the refugees and against the principles of the western culture . 
  edit : downvoting without explanation does n't make me change my mind . 
  let 's have a healthy discussion . 
  hmm , an angle i had n't considered . 
  good point . 
  close the borders , start taking in legitimate refugees from the neighbouring countries to the war torn ones . 
  how else can we stop the human traffickers profiteering on this catastrophy and make sure it 's the ones in need and not the resourceful ones that can pay 2000 euros per head that get asylum ? 
  and what good for their cause is that going to do ? 
  the need is still there , so different buildings will have to be used and in the end the cost to the swedish population is only going to rise . 
  so absolutely thoughtless . 
  not being able to handle the large influx of refugees and migrants is going to drive a wedge between us and make it neigh impossible to integrate . 
  we got to be able to take care of the ones we take in , not just stow them away while we make room for the newly arrived . 
  but is it better to stop new refugees/migrants for the sake of our societies as whole or better to allow them to come for the sake of the individual refugee/migrant ? 
  i would assume they mean r/european . 
  it is a hateful place without room for discussion in my opinion .
