   the cultural relativism rule . 
  out of curiosity , what was it ? 
  i ca n't find it in the old rules and never noticed anything regarding that . 
  looks fair enough in general , but can i get clarification on two rules ; credible sources and agenda ? 
  is there a pre-approved list or case by case ? 
  who decides what is credible ? 
  i have a clear agenda ; to help provide the whole picture regarding news in my sphere . 
  in some cases that entails providing immigrant sceptical news , some times it will be to provide immigration friendly news ( since they refugee/emigrant situation is my main interest here in r/europe ) . 
  how does that work out ? 
  do i have a personal responsibility to weight the news on a 50/50 basis ? 
  other than that , keep up the good work mods . 
  i feel the sub is well run !, 
   intercepting citizens ' communication does not rhyme with democratic principles . 
  my take on the situation . 
  we 're a social democracy . 
  of course we have toll roads as well . 
  but yes , they 're gaming the system in the way that it could be viewed as class privilege . 
  but remember that this comes from a guy fed up of using the public transport in the public transport lanes , slowed down by the nice people in tesla s 's where it used to be that the public was rewarded for choosing public transport by dedicated lanes only for public transport and a shorter travel time . 
  ~ ~ pretty much ~ ~ exactly this . 
  yes !, 
  these cars ( tesla s ) is only affordable as a secondary car for the upper middle class since buying an electric car as a primary car in an artic country just is n't happening . 
  now all the nice people have bought their lovely secondary car through these tax exemption it 's talks about taking away the incentive since electric cars are getting affordable for the average norwegian . 
  the lanes reserved for public transport and electric cars are getting clogged by the plebs getting cheaper cars so the privilege of driving in the public transport lanes is about to be removed . 
  but it was a nice couple of years for sure . 
  the two does n't have to be exclusively linked either . 
  we have absolutely no way of judging the intentions of the bystanders . 
  ask yourself , is there more people afraid of violence or more people supporting racist harassment around ? 
  nonsense , it might as well ( and even more likely ) indicate that the normal citizen is afraid of groups of alcohol infused gangs of self-proclaimed racists . 
  i find this incident despicable , but i do n't think the bystanders were accepting of the actions just because they did n't interfere . 
  `` at first they came for ... '' is n't about accepting nazism . 
  you 're quite right . 
  after reading up i think i know what confused me , it was originally called hk m4 but was changed after colt put up a trademark infringement suit . 
  which in turn sends good license money to the us for having certain similarities with the m4 and m16 if i recall correctly ? 
  we have enough gold from skiing so it can power our economy when the oil runs out . 
  we 're good . 
  something must have been borked on my app , thought it came up as a direct reply my post . 
  in any case , downvoting people 's opinions is stupid . 
  according to the spokesperson for the transit center they 've accidentally come across the fence , the parents does n't speculate in the reasons but consider the result , unknown men in the kindergarten . 
  to be honest it was posted late night so it did n't catch the morning upwind , a similar article was posted earlier yesterday but was removed ( but having gotten a lot of attention ) and currently this post is doing well enough to get the visibility the original post got . 
  i do n't feel there 's an obvious hostile environment for people that try to look at the situation from both sides . 
  as far as i know where the money will come from has not yet been decided after the government went beyond their mandate and allocated money ? 
  first off , to get to norway the refugees/migrants have to get through a whole lot of countries . 
  at the very minimum sweden , finland og russia . 
  i do not accept that they have fled the war in sweden , the war in finland or the war in russia . 
  secondly , i do n't accept that foreign refugees/migrants take precedence over norwegian children . 
  thirdly , this is not a question about closing the transit center - it 's about closing a kindergarten . 
  fourthly , `` norway must ... and if not , shame on you ! '', 
  nah , you 're not my mom . 
  but if your going to pull those arguments then bwaa , i never asked to be in this situation !, 
  * you suck !, 
  mentally unstable asylum seekers have on occasions attacked the natives . 
  remember that man that went berserk on the wider\u00f8e plane with an axe ? 
  remember that man that went berserk on the tram with a knife ? 
  i 'd say it could pose a risk to place people who could be psychologically disturbed from the horrors of war around anybody before they 're been through an evaluation . 
  and one of the parents , a psychologist that previously have extensively worked with refugees evaluated that he did n't feel safe regarding the situation . 
  what is hysterical about that ? 
  what nonsense . 
  do you think people will have less children due to lack of suited kindergarten availability ? 
  i wish that was so , it would solve the current problem with a lack of kindergartens , not a lack of children . 
  edit : the response to this comment has made me question my statement , but it still seems excessive to say one kindergarten shutting down due to asylum seekers is largely contributing to the decline of birthrate . 
  not really when talking about norway . 
  due to our economy it is no practical problem to be kind to both but when the ones in charge only want to decide and not take responsibility the problem is hardly that we have to deny our children but that the politicians do . 
  that 's ok , i 've even edited out the notice that the state sponsored foundations report was deleted as blogspam so it should work out nice for everybody . 
  does it matter ? 
  nobody will see my comment unless they creep through my profile since the post was removed . 
   but no worries , i 'll protect your honour and delete my comment . 
  google translate as follows : ___ ## kindergarten closed - too close to the reception center for refugees hove nursery in arendal closed immediately after both hiring and the children 's parents are concerned for all refugees residing near the nursery . 
  it writes agderposten . 
  it was at a parent meeting in hove nursery friday that the employees expressed concern for refugees who stayed at the nursery . 
  ## - not okay parents believe the municipality did a poor job planning prior to the establishment of transittmottaketi hove , on trom\u00f8ya outside arendal . 
  - this is not okay either for kids or us as parents . 
  where is the risk assessment in advance of the transit reception came right next to the nursery ? 
  asks silje andreassen , parent representative on the coordinating committee for hove nursery . 
  already monday morning kindergarten closed , and the children divided into two other departments on trom\u00f8ya . 
  ## fights on the way to the parents ' meeting friday , several parents witnessing what is described as a bloody fight between refugees on the outside of the nursery . 
  - i 'm simply mad . 
  here there is a lack of information and preparation that makes me not even know what to say to my kids about why they are not getting prepared for to change nursery , says andreassen . 
  ## - not racism - as parents we know that only those who will be with our kids there , not mass strangers . 
  it does not matter who it is . 
  it is not about racism , but more that there are people visited nursery area that we know nothing about . 
  nor anything about the mental state they are in , says dad kristian gundersen , who is a psychologist and also has worked extensively with refugees earlier . 
  on hove operated there now a transit center where there are currently 150 refugees . 
  they have only been registered and checked medically , before they arrived at the reception . 
  trom\u00f8y are those in maximum seven days before they are forwarded . 
  ## exaggerated reception center for hero norway at hove , trond erik bogn\u00f8 , it seems all seems blown out of proportion . 
  - we had a little incident on friday in which a young man was a little flamboyant and another inmate tried to calm him down before the guards ours came . 
  i call it not an event on one or more asylum seekers astray inside the fence of the kindergarten . 
  it is wrong for me , says bogn\u00f8 to agderposten . 
  adolescence head of arendal , roar aaserud , believe they have found the best solution , when the nursery closed down and the children allocated to two other units . 
  - i was not prepared that it might become necessary to move children to other kindergartens . 
  in hindsight it is possible we would thought that this could be a problem , but there are only 13 children it touches and then it was manageable , says aaserud . 
  the government is considering charging 14 people for human trafficking and/or forced labour . 
  after reading up on it , they are not charged yet . 
  several of the suspects have previous records of major tax evasion and fencing stolen goods plus welfare fraud . 
  archaeologists ? 
  pretty much this . 
  in norway we had a scandal with a chain of grocery stores , turned out they were using off the books black labour to the point where the men behind it were charged with human trafficking . 
  thanks for the run down !, 
  i do n't know , i assumed you 'd set the news tag and could set `` austria '' as well ? 
  oh well , i guess the worst that could happen is people actually reading the article before commenting .
