  sorry )  that is literally what 's happening . 
  they are trying to supplant our history . 
  i 'm sure a vocal minority are , but most people just want to get on with their lives while having a convenient name to ascribe to their common national history as eastern south slavs since serbian/yugoslav rule . 
   but i thought we just agreed that it 's not fair . 
  what changed since the last line ? 
  like i say , simply calling themselves macedonia after the roman province is n't really causing as much harm as you think it is . 
  i meant more or less : a national identity is just a bunch of people who have a common identity and location who pick a name and run with it . 
  they 're just plucked from thin air . 
  i agree that if any nationalistic slavic macedonians are trying to supplant the history of greek macedon then that 's not really fair . 
  still , them calling themselves macedonians should n't cause as much conflict as it does , except for the other factors involved . 
  sure i see the difference but macedonian is no more or less an artificial national identity than any other . 
  they 're just more recent . 
  under yugoslavia , they had to cement a separate identity than their bulgarian neighbours or be seen as separatist . 
  it just happened that the region they were in was called macedonia . 
   they can name their country whatever they want , as long as the `` username '' they pick is not already taken . 
  i mean , it is n't really . 
  not on a country level . 
  and macedonia 's not the only case . 
  azerbaijan is the name of a region of iran , luxembourg is a region of belgium , and moldova is a historical region of romania . 
  should any of those countries or regions be renamed ? 
  surely that 's rather nonspecific and does n't really relate to their identity ? 
  they actually call it the republic of macedonia , whereas you call your region west macedonia , central macedonia , and east macedonia . 
  before i continue this : what would you ideally have the republic called ? 
  yeah ? 
  and your point ? 
  [ here 's what the generally-accepted area called `` macedonia '' looks like ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/3/39/greater_macedonia.png/260px-greater_macedonia.png ) - if you were to use the borders of the ancient kingdom , that would be a lot smaller but still contain much of the republic and the greek areas ( though not all ) etnic questions aside , it seems like a country entirely contained by that blue area should be able to call itself macedonia , and the people who live there should be called macedonians for clarity . 
  there is a pretty famous country that is made up of a number of united states , and is in america . 
  so it 's often colloquially known as america for geographic reasons . 
  of course i see the issue if people of slavic heritage do appropriate greek figures , and i gather that some even want to press territorial `` claims '' against greek macedonia , which is some kind of nonsense . 
  i gather that greeks wish the republic to formally adopt some sort of geographic or ethnic qualifier , like `` slavic '' or `` northern '' macedonia , but i 've never heard any ideas about greece similarly renaming their region . 
  both the greeks and slavs have to realise they both have some claim to the name , but neither has absolute claim and no agreement will be based on that assumption . 
  since the parasite ca n't reproduce inside humans , the infection is normally mild to negligible . 
  however , you know the trope of the `` crazy cat lady '' ? 
  if you 're very regularly in close proximity to cat urine , you can wind up a bit like that . 
  pretty much anyone who has cleaned up after a pet cat will probably be infected , since most cats have the parasite ( it 's actually a benefit to them since mice and rats lose some of their survival instincts when infected ) . 
  it ca n't reproduce in humans though , so do n't stress out over it . 
  do a lot of people have housecats in serbia ? 
  most developed nations have a high rate of t. gondii infection . 
  however there are usually no negative symptoms unless you have a severely weakened immune system . 
   once brexit is over , the uk could ( or not ) end up with a governament that has less interest on protecting human rights i mean , we already do . 
  theresa may has already said that she believes anti-terrorist legislation should take clear precedence over human rights law . 
  you 're right . 
  brexit has nothing to do with the echr and the council of europe . 
  theresa may could choose to ignore this , but there is actually no mandate for removing the country from the echr . 
  the moderate parties in ( edit : northern ) ireland ( sdlp , uup & alliance ) have of late just come across as weak and dithering . 
  they do n't seem to propose any answers so things gradually returned to the old party lines of serious nationalism vs. serious unionism , with sinn f\u00e9in and the dup being the victors . 
  no one will think less of you for not knowing the slang , but if you 're after a glossary then i 'd give / r/askuk a shot . 
  interesting . 
  and a little troubling . 
  however , it seems disingenuous to place the blame on this on the police since it 's usually an emergency services dispatcher , no ? 
  source ? 
  i 'd be interested to read it . 
  do n't worry if it 's in german - i can haphazardly translate it . 
  i thought the man called the police after the attacker had fled , and then the police followed up the investigation and published a report on the incident several hours later . 
  my mistake . 
  still , they did arrest him after taking witness statements and working out the appearance of the attacker . 
  how does that mean `` they did n't give a fuck '' ? 
   there was recently a case where a girl was raped in front of her bf by a `` refugee '' and he called the police , they did n't gave a fuck . 
  you mean the guy who they compiled a photofit of and then arrested the next day ? 
   we would have to call the irish and scots discriminated minority in the uk yep , pretty much . 
  they each have special governmental structures to compensate for that , meaning the uk is sort of a quasi-federated state . 
  there is meaningful discussion of the prospect of scotland and/or northern ireland leaving the union , and less than twenty years ago the troubles were still going on . 
  so yeah . 
  discriminated minority ( although the majority , the english , would generally not see it that way ), 
   minority ? 
  just not true . 
  the czech republic has a population of about 10 million ~ 65 % czechs . 
  slovakia has a population of about 5.5 million ~ 80 % slovaks . 
  6.5 million  4.4 million the slovaks are and were a minority . 
  i 'm simplifying the reasons for dissolution on account of the medium through which we communicate , though . 
  so i apologise if i caused offence . 
  the argument that czechs and slovaks are the same thing never really went down well with the slovaks , who were generally a disadvantaged minority . 
  also you get eaten by the neighbours, 
  why not poland ? 
  you 've done it before :3, 
  depends where your parents were born . 
  if you can prove that they were legal residents of cyprus prior to the partition , rather than naturalised citizens of northern cyprus , then according to roc * jus sanguinis * nationality law , you 're a cypriot citizen . 
  so did i. . . [ so did i. . . ] ( http://www.imdb.com/title/tt5113044/ ), 
   blue and yellow is also a fairly unique colour scheme making our national jerseys stand out when playing sports . 
  sadly , it 's the same colour scheme as those annoying minion things . 
  sometimes , yes . 
  in britain we have places like b&q and wickes for that . 
  ignoring ethnicity and treating everyone the same is like ignoring physical disability and not building wheelchair ramps . 
  some people have different needs and they get annoyed if they do n't get them . 
  anyways , later , 
  it 's not exactly the same situation . 
  sweden affords its minorities the rights of its swedish citizens , while the turkish state of affairs disadvantages its minorities . 
  for example : sweden gives sami official minority language status , protecting the rights of sami people to deal with government agencies in sami , and to be educated in the language . 
  turkey recognises only turkish , despite there being millions of monolingual kurds . 
  any group is permitted to form a political party in sweden , while it is banned in turkey to form a political party based on an ethnic group . 
  turkey has , using this justification and others , banned several kurdish political parties , effectively robbing the group of certain political representation . 
  and yeah , there is a mixing of peoples , but there is a large area of southeast anatolia that is majority kurdish and it deserves some form of self-determination . 
  the situation has been improving but obviously it 's still a complicated bloody issue :3, 
  are n't you turkish ? 
  you have a country . 
  it 's called turkey . 
  just like the french have france , the germans have germany , etc. 
  if a country were to start persecuting or depriving the swedish ( for example ) people who lived within its borders , sweden would speak up in their defence . 
  meanwhile swedish people have a say in the ways sweden is run and organised . 
  there is no international representative for the kurdish people .
