it seems odd to not put denmark in northern europe with its relatives . 
  or maybe i put too much weight on culture . 
  his poor wife ... 
  for op who might not understand this unit , 18 barleycorns is about a third of a cubit . 
  inches, 
  that would require breaking up with one of my girlfriends so probably not ideal . 
  did you try speaking very very loudly and slowly ? 
  gathered . 
  but we could n't do our gcses this way so meh, 
  everyone taking history gcse , yeah, 
  we have ... history lessons . 
  and that 's if you opted to take history for gcse, 
  that 's so weird . 
  we just like ... do a levels . 
  what does ap stand for ? 
  sure , and we learn about other countries too but i never thought that part of britis history would be a thing other countries would pick up on, 
  i never knew this . 
  weird . 
  the islands were called `` brettonic '' before either of them was called britain . 
  not something i 've ever heard of . 
  interesting . 
  but you said you taught more of the history of other countries . 
  i was just taking the mick out of the relative youth of the czech republic . 
  yeah , but most of those are closely tied to the czech republic/people . 
  well yours has only technically existed for 24 years . 
  we do n't only teach our own history but we mostly focus on our own . 
  normally of their own countries . 
  you ca n't guarantee them learning about 17th century britain . 
  they do n't know that about him , usually . 
  people know his leadership and speeches from the war and that 's about it . 
  is it ? 
  the ancient greeks and romans called the archipelago `` the britannic islands '' or similar . 
  sure , it 's probably good that we moved away from calling britain `` major britannia '' and ireland `` minor britannia '' but the term has origins in ancient greece . 
  and a google search shows me that the phrase originates in british in the 16th century , before there was a british state . 
  yeah , the term has imperialist overtones but that 's not necessarily why it was invented . 
  so your name for the whole archipelago is `` britain and ireland '' ? 
  does that not exclude the other like 6000 islands ? 
  outside the british isles , i 'm not sure people even know who he is . 
  churchill 's probably the big one . 
  british prime minister during the second world war but damn did he exemplify the worst of british imperialism . 
  black and tan thugs in ireland , advocating using poison gas on the kurds , said gandhi deserved to be trampled by elephants , presided over kenyan detention camps , i could go on ... 
  were it not for herr hitler , winston churchill would have gone down in all the history books as a wholly bad man , utterly irredeemable . 
  it 's fine for you to be worried . 
  i just do n't think it 's a very well-founded fear . 
  things tend to go forwards - not back . 
  nearly 60 % of albanians adhere to islam and albania is ranked 24 out of 49 european countries in terms of lgbt rights ( [ sauce ] ( https://rainbow-europe.org/country-ranking ) ) . 
  sure , if you measured a straight line you only get about 500 km . 
  but it 's a crinkly coastline with lots of islands . 
  all added up , you get nearly 6000 km of coast, 
  yeah but serbia had no reason to focus its tourism on montenegro and build its reputation as a tourist destination . 
  croatia is 4 times larger by area and 6 times larger by population , and has been an independent state for fifteen years longer . 
  i think croatia having a little more than ten times the number of tourists makes sense . 
  four , actually . 
  they 're present in norway , sweden , finland , and russia . 
  but their disparity across four countries , relative autonomy in most of them , and general isolationism kind of mean that they do n't have much of an separatist appetite . 
  there was the rebellion of 1088 , which was a spat between william the conqueror 's two sons . 
  then there was the anarchy , which was a succession war between empress matilda and stephen of blois after the death of henry i. 
  this is the most notably-ignored civil war . 
  ( then we have the barons ' wars ) the despenser wars , where the marcher lords rose up because they did n't like the king 's best mate . 
  ( then we have the wars of the roses ) ( then we have the english civil war ) so technically the english civil war was the 7th such conflict , but i was rounding up for comic effect . 
  but if so , only a french one . 
  we had the english civil war . 
  so called because it was actually three wars in a row and the third one was mostly in scotland . 
  it was also about the tenth civil war in england . 
  we are so good at naming things . 
  as for what it was about ... 
  the role of monarchy and the role of religion in england . 
  the king wanted to be an absolute monarch and be catholic . 
  parliament wanted for him not to be an absolute monarch and for everyone to be protestant . 
  a whole ton more factors but war happened . 
  then we lopped the king 's head off ( which technically was illegal since under the legal system at the time , the king could not ever technically commit crimes ) and set up a republic . 
  then we decided republics are dumb so invited the king 's son to take the throne but without quite so much power this time . 
  my mistake . 
  thanks for correcting me , friend . 
   vall ( wall ) mean something like a mound that runs lengthwise , trains are usually built upon them the english term for this would be `` embankment '' oh an in english we use the french loanword `` encore '' for when we want an act to perform again at the end of a show . 
  in france they call it `` bis '' . 
  edit : corrected, 
  the mitochondrial dna haplogroup is pretty much the same either side of the border . 
  that means that on the female line ( the ones who move around less ) , macedonian slavs and macedonian greeks are the same . 
  this means if we believe your killing and displacement theory then it happened to thessaloniki as well as skopje, 
  the only way they 'd not have native blood would be if the slavic migrations killed or displaced the local population . 
  * this never happened *, 
  no no no no no d : try drawing that from memory . 
  you ca n't . 
  you also would n't be able to make any of those details out from a distance . 
  it 's a hideous parody of flag design, 
  that 's at least a family crest of something . 
  milwaukee is coming up with a handful of decent flag ideas and using all of them at the same time * vomits *, 
  semi-related but thank you for reminding me that the flag of the city of milwaukee exists ... :'(, 
  and yet students are counted in immigration figures . 
  what even is this government . 
  i really ca n't get on board with that point of view . 
  there are innumerable places in europe named after roman provinces whose current inhabitants have little to no connection to the tribes after whom those regions were named , but they have an identity in that name regardless . 
  the issue seems to be them extending their identity back to the ancient kingdom of macedon , which they ca n't do culturally ( although i 'm sure genetically you 'll probably find little difference each side of the border since during cultural shifts , the women are rarely displaced ), 
   i do n't know why you do n't see this . 
  'cause i do n't live in macedonia , mate :3 it all seems like you do n't take issue with them * calling themselves macedonia * though . 
  it 's the other actions that offend you . 
   there is no such thing as a slavic macedonian . 
  sorry but `` the people who are generally considered to be called macedonians who live in the republic of macedonia but who you and many greeks do not consider to be macedonians '' takes a while to write . 
  ( edit : perhaps should have rendered as macedonian slavs .
