in addition , a big power plant , tightly controlled and maintained , and running at a constant optimal rate , will burn cleaner than a small variable rpm piston engine . 
  and you can do much more effective exhaust cleaning at industrial scale than in a car . 
  i suppose we really should be grateful for cameron . 
  whenever a political argument gets out of hand ; whenever we feel a local politician is a craven , self-serving piece of navel-lint , we can pause , take a deep breath , and remember that no matter how bad they may be , at least they never stoop to performing porcine necrophiliac bestiality in front of an audience . 
  yes , but as that swedish example shows , the actual implemented laws can be quite different in both scope and applicability in the different countries . 
  afaik - i 'm no lawyer - there are no eu laws . 
  there 's directives , then member countries adopt laws that implements those directives . 
  each legal system is different so the resulting laws will all look different and to some extent work different from each other . 
  in sweden , for instance , there 's a heavily criticised data-protection and retaining law that was enacted to comply with an eu directive . 
  a later lawsuit established that the directive in question did not actually require countries to go nearly as far as the swedish law did , but the law is still in place as of this writing . 
  so in this case , there 's an eu directive , but the local implementation in sweden goes a lot further than that . 
  tl ; dr : you probably need to at least consider the implementation in a few representative countries as well as , or instead of , the eu directives they originate from . 
   it might just be the same post-industrial changes that cities like detroit have seen -- steel and vehicle and other manufacturing go overseas ? 
  moving overseas , becoming steadily more automated , or being supplanted by different materials and processes done elsewhere , yes . 
  that would be a straightforward explanation . 
  i do assume it is not because milan is a fashion capital and too many models starved themselves to death during this period ... 
  could be they changed the way they measure population in some way . 
  do they count students , non-residents , illegal aliens and so on for instance . 
  or they changed the way they do the census . 
  that will tend to affect communities differently . 
  sounds like some currency exchange-related thing . 
  i 've heard the word , and know it 's some kind of ballgame . 
  so i guess only uk citizens with jobs should be let in anywhere else in the eu then . 
  you can go abroad easily with just about any field . 
  many countries have programs to bring in grad students or young researchers for a period of work . 
  in the case of japan , jsps has programs for graduate students , for postdocs , and for established researchers no matter what the field - you need to find a department that 's willing to take you in is all . 
  i 'm originally a computer science graduate . 
  then i did a phd in cognitive science ( a subfield of theoretical philosophy at my university at the time ) . 
  i came here to japan on a jsps fellowship to do cognitive robotics , but my focus shifted over time , so now i do computational neuroscience . 
  i want to return to robotics again at some point , though . 
  you know you 'd save yourself a lot of trouble if you simply walked over there and poked a hole in that cardboard with a pen or something , 
  it 's very easy to drink , which is why it 's so popular of course . 
  on the downside , it does n't have a lot of character . 
  sometimes that 's what you want . 
  my main beef with japanese beer ? 
  there 's no `` moderate alcohol '' beers here . 
  it 's all 4.5 % -6 % or so . 
  but many pale beers are really at their best with 3-3 .5 % alcohol , and those are also great when you just want a beer with lunch or something . 
  i 'm a researcher . 
  if you have a desirable skill and a company or organization to `` sponsor '' you ( basically , have a job opening for you ) it 's not very difficult to get a working visa , and once you stay long enough you can get permanent residency . 
  the language is trickier for us than indo-european languages of course , but i manage fairly well after 12 years here . 
  i can read books and newspapers with some difficulty , and i usually use japanese both at home and work . 
  speaking and writing well is the main problem , really . 
  i understand far better than i speak . 
  when an immigrant mangles your language horribly , cut them some slack . 
  learning a new language well as an adult is really difficult . 
  that ... looks delicious , actually . 
  is that stewed mushrooms poured on top by any chance ? 
  what are you all making for each other ? 
  it 's good ; i like it here . 
  very different in many ways , but the attitude is not too different from my native sweden . 
  more results-oriented , less ego-driven than in some other places . 
  and we take off our shoes indoors in both countries . 
  it 's no surprise this kind of economy ( and sports ) journalism is ripe for automation . 
  that 's great too , but a different dish . 
  some other time . 
  in japan , we baked a sponge cake ( swedish recipe ) with dutch apple syrup filling ( souvenir from amsterdam last year ) , and had a slice each with turkish tea . 
  soon we 'll make czech goulash and dumplings for dinner . 
  we 'll also have some japanese beer and homemade sangria . 
  i 'm feeling very multi-kulti right now . 
  i 'd skip paris myself . 
  it 's a giant tourist trap , especially in summer . 
  if i were to visit france in summer i 'd probably aim elsewhere ; bretagne or normandy perhaps . 
  also perhaps add leiden , a short train ride from amsterdam . 
  istanbul may be a little out of your way but definitely worth a visit . 
  i also really like prague personally . 
  if you are planning an all-summer trip you may want to mix in a stop or two outside big cities for variation . 
  the french north coast as above would be one option ; or perhaps the rhine or mosel valley in germany . 
  beautiful scenery , good food and sample local wines right from the source . 
  if , on the other hand , you 're only away for two weeks or so , i 'd cut down on the number of places to visit . 
  better to stop at a few places and give each one 4-5 days than to rush through without ever even really forming an impression . 
  you can see all the famous landmarks on the net after all ; it 's the back streets , slice of life , unexpected foods and chance meetings that makes travel worth doing . 
  that takes more time than a one-day sprint through a guidebook . 
  european countries have tough visa requirements from such areas . 
  even people with legitimate business in europe ( businesspeople , researchers going to conferences ) are often turned down with no reason given . 
  reddit is a us-focused , us-based site with mostly american - and almost exclusively english-speaking - users . 
  it 's completely natural that americans are overrepresented here as well . 
  at least it 's not nearly as bad as the japan-related subreddits . 
  i wonder if you can find more than a handful of actual japanese , even in the japanese-language subs . 
  in all fairness though , they are talking about tourist resorts while we spent all our time in a major metropolis . 
  i can well imagine ( after having been to the canary islands ) that their experiences were less pleasant than ours . 
  if you want swedish culture wherever you go , then why travel ? 
  sounds like you 'll be happier at home . 
  we just returned from istanbul , and it was one of the best vacations we 've ever had . 
  already thinking of going again next year . 
  edit : and no , we never once encountered the kind of pushy sales people describe here , with actual grabbing or anything . 
  even in the most touristy markets you simply waved people off and they 'd accept that . 
  was n't your complaint that all of turkey is on the map ? 
  turkey is part of europe . 
  if this discrepancy bothers enough people , though , perhaps those bits of russia could be removed ? 
  swedish passports are renewed every five years . 
  that 's more often than in many other countries , and of course affects the per-year price a lot . 
  but then , the price of the passport is n't normally very important . 
  it might simply have to do with distance and mode of travel both adding error as you survey . 
  southern europe had well-travelled waterways and a decently dense road network . 
  get up to northern germany and scandinavia , though , and you 'll have few travellers and fewer reliable angle or distance fixes on winding rivers and stormy seas . 
  any country could use any currency of course . 
  they would not even have to be members of the eu . 
  there 's historical examples of that , with countries using us dollars as their own currency for instance . 
  the currency-owner will not take that country into account when deciding on fiscal issues as you say .
