  well , it _ is _ a very photogenic scene , 
  inna bun would be nice . 
  before it ever branched . 
  lucia celebration in sweden ( a protestant country technically celebrating a catholic saint at that ) . 
  the origins of asatru is likely germanic and as others have pointed out , all extant european religions including christianity , judaism and islam have their roots outside of europe . 
  for non-religious examples , look no further than food . 
  i would bet the difficulty would be to find any traditional food unchanged by outside ideas . 
  the food was another positive surprise ( though admittedly from very low expectations ) . 
  i had n't had a proper pan-european pita kebab with spicy and garlic sauce in years , and dutch herring is delicious . 
  and febo is , if not gourmet food , at least cheap , filling and fun . 
   i wrote a bit about that trip here : http://janneinosaka.blogspot.jp/2014/12/the-netherlands.html, 
  i understand what you 're saying . 
  i did visit leiden as well - though admittedly that 's perhaps even less representative . 
  but i 'm quite serious , and i 'm not basing my impression on the number of streetside cafes or anything like that . 
  the pace of life is clearly lower and more relaxed . 
  people really do seem a lot less stressed-out about things . 
  and i noticed that part time work is seen as a perfectly regular , normal thing both socially and legally . 
  in sweden it 's often seen as a failure ; as something you do only if you ca n't land a full-time job . 
  holland . 
  i basically had no expectations - a vague mix of germany and scandinavia with bland food - but i was completely wrong . 
  more than anything else , the relaxed , easy attitude towards life floored me . 
  i 'd probably consider amsterdam over my native stockholm if we decide to move back to europe again . 
  washington times ? 
  why not use weekly world news as a news source while we 're at it ? 
  it 's based on search volume . 
  a smallish country very far away does n't generate much interest in japan . 
  so all it takes is one incident with a pole doing something dumb making news for this association to occur . 
  do n't take any of these `` opinions '' seriously , in other words . 
  italian companies stealing other italian companies market share ? 
  working under the same regulations , taxation and with the same customer base ? 
  well , that 's the way of business i guess . 
  they 're paying taxes though , of course . 
  making their own salary and adding to the public purse . 
  and their employees too . 
  and doing it while struggling under the exact same bureaucracy and taxation as italian-owned businesses . 
  so , immigrants are creating jobs . 
  adding to the public purse . 
  good thing all around . 
  that sounds pretty small , though . 
  more like couple of people with guns , not the large-scale disaster it was . 
  `` olycka '' is not the best choice of words , probably , but it is by no means bad . 
  `` olycka '' has a pretty wide range of meanings . 
  `` accident '' is one , but also `` misfortune '' , `` unfortunate event '' , `` disaster '' and so on . 
  it 's pretty clear that `` unfortunate '' or `` disaster '' is the intended nuance here . 
  it does n't carry any specific connotation of deliberacy , though , and you might well criticise her for that . 
  but swedish does n't have that large a vocabulary , and i ca n't say that any of the other options are great either . 
  `` incidenten '' is very stiff , formal and really only used in writing ; `` attacken '' is very focused on the actual attack itself , not on the devastation . 
  honestly not sure what word i 'd use myself . 
  held by spotify technology a.s in luxembourg . 
  move out of sweden ? 
  the holding company is incorporated in luxembourg . 
  the two founders have private companies in cyprus to avoid paying personal income tax in sweden . 
  if they want a country to invest in education and housing for future spotify employees , perhaps they should ask luxembourg , not sweden ? 
  for crime and violence it 's indeed ridiculous . 
  but this index iw wider , qnd considers things such as political freedoms , amount of graft and bribery , judicial trustworthiness and so on . 
  qnd much as i enjoy living in japqn , it rightly does n't score all that well for some of those things . 
  it was during aso 's time as prime minister , in 2009 . 
  the absolute best way would be to deliver cash or store vouchers , and give it all only to the poorest people . 
  they will spend most of it , not save it ( lots of economic holes to fill when you 're poor ) . 
  the idea of tax cuts in the article is completely backwards . 
  it gives the most money to the people most likely to just hoard it , and it 's in a form -- a reduced expense -- that does the least for motivating people to spend more . 
  i 'm not wealthy by any means , but i save a good chunk of my salary each month , and a gift of money - or a tax cut - would simply bump my savings a bit . 
  if you want people to spend it , give it to people who will actually do so . 
  japan tried this at one point . 
  the main problem was that it was a money transfer . 
  it meant that you needed a bank account and a home address , so homeless and other marginal groups did n't get it . 
  and it was literally cash in the bank . 
  and that meant that most people did n't spend it . 
  it went into the savings accounts of people that already have money and there it stayed , doing nothing to stimulate the economy . 
  somebody who is very poor , on the other hand - to poor to have an address or a bank account - would most likely spend it all fairly quickly , and the money would actually have stimulated the economy . 
  so what they really should have done is to make it a literal handout - no bank account , address or anything needed - and in the form of vouchers usable in any store , but _ not _ redeemable for cash . 
  that would have had a much better effect , and would also have done something to help those people at the very bottom who need help the most . 
  more sun , warmer winters and fertile soil ? 
  it explains faster growing plants at least ... 
  `` did knowing this help you get a job you wanted ? '', 
  is a sensible question . 
  `` what is the lifetime economic value for you of knowing this ? '', 
  is the kind of moronic question only an economy graduate would ever think to ask . 
  i have no idea . 
  i would n't have gotten my current ( well paying ) job without knowing japanese . 
  but then , i guess could have collected unemployment insurance in sweden , accidentally saved the life of ingvar kamprads dog during a bizarre furniture-related accident and got rewarded with an ikea management position that would have paid even better . 
  iow , how the fuck would i have any idea ? 
  i did n't learn english or japanese ( or my native swedish or finnish ) for their earnings potential and i have no clue what effect they will have had on my life once i retire decades from now . 
  it 's really a profoundly dumb question to ask . 
  what 's that got to do with it ? 
  not just that ; it forces you to actually use it , and well enough that people understand you . 
  there 's no cheating - you manage it or you do n't . 
  it 's humiliating to repeatedly ask for something and nobody understands you . 
  but it 's really good practice . 
  i started english at 8 years of age . 
  but i was very bad at it until i got interested in programming at around 14 ; there were few books available in swedish so i spent a lot of time puzzling through english-language books and magazines . 
  once my skill started improving i began reading fiction in the english original , watching movies without subtitles and so on , and at university most textbooks are in english of course . 
  i started japanese at 33 , a decade ago . 
  by now i can work in a japanese-only office setting , and handle daily life in japan ( including tax forms and paperwork ) without assistance . 
  practice ? 
  as in , actually using the language actively in daily life , not just in class . 
  read a daily paper , read books , watch tv shows and listen to the radio . 
  write a journal or blog for practice . 
  i managed to learn english and japanese in this way . 
  my school-only spanish and german , on the other hand , never became usefully proficient and are all but forgotten .
