  but that 's true of every parliamentary system . 
  the elected ministers ( elected as parliamentarians ) would n't stand a chance to do all the legwork on their own in any modern state-size organization . 
  they give the general direction and their departments do the actual work . 
  it 's pretty cool . 
  i grew up there so i never really thought about it , but when i return it 's really fascinating with all the bridges and water everywhere . 
  also quite impractical , since you often ca n't go straight from one point to another , but always have to detour over some bridges somewhere . 
  most of them will . 
  or would , without shortsighted rules that forbid them from working until their asylum status is finalized years after coming . 
  japanese have a market for love hotels for that exact reason . 
   no need for any solution when you realize it 's been happening since the dawn of time . 
  poor , stupid and underprivileged always had more children . 
  and yet , average intelligence has n't been dropping . 
  this thread is based on overly simplistic ideas about how genetics actually work . 
  unwavering right up until the next time trump gets hold of a microphone . 
  time for europe to see to its own security without counting on the us , methinks . 
  really ? 
  i would have thought he 'd be a brandy or perhaps a nice port . 
  i would pit a rabid pitbull , half a dozen psychotic neo-nazis and putin riding a bear against merkel and fully expect her to emerge victorious with nothing more than a slightly put-off expression and a few wrinkles in the jacket . 
  with that said , my foreign impression is that schulz , too , is a serious and very competent politician , and would be a good choice as well . 
  the primary weapon of samurai was the bow ; they were archers . 
  as archery takes a lot of dedicated training to master they were highly valued . 
  the sword was only ever a personal sidearm and , crucially , a symbol of status as someone who had the right to bear arms . 
  this was a major reason they resisted the introduction of the crossbow and then the firearm - when anybody could hit at a distance with minimal training , much of the reason for their social status would disappear . 
  of course , eventually the samurai class morphed into a civilian managing class ( they had the education and connections to the ruling class ) , and the weapons morphed completely into symbols and gradually mostly disappeared . 
  on the other hand , i _ still _ get questions if it 's safe to visit tokyo due to the fukushima reactor accident ... 
  when it happens very far away , in a place you know little about , it can be very difficult to estimate risk . 
  could kick a wet piece of sod _ really _ angrily i guess . 
  it 's more of a historical issue i guess . 
  geoblocking , in the form of distribution rights for books , movies and so on , have been around longer than the eu . 
  the pre eu per-country distribution markets have simply lived on even as the eu has converged . 
  and thus we can conclude that cuckoo clocks cause bear extinctions . 
  outspending us is clearly over-insuring things , i agree . 
  it should be _ defence , _ not empire building . 
  i think enough eu countries ( sweden included ) have bad memories of previous attempts at empire that nobody is going to move towards that . 
  defence is insurance . 
  no different from having , say , a fire fighting force , sea rescue , police - or actual , pay-an-annum insurance . 
  like any insurance , it 's insurance against a range of more or less probable and more or less serious future events . 
  it 's up to us , collectively , to decide what level of risk ( damage * probability ) that we want to protect ourselves against , and what level of risk we are willing to take . 
  so yes , we should of course not over-insure ourselves - pay too much and forgo important societal needs to reduce the risk of very improbable events . 
  you do n't want to pay far more in premiums than you would ever expect to get in return if something bad happens . 
  it 'd be like having to sell your car to pay the premium on an asteroid impact insurance policy . 
  but we do n't want to under-insure ourselves either . 
  and it is a fact now , that some risks ( russian military intervention for instance , and us effectively withdrawing from nato ) have become a lot more probable now than they were ten years ago . 
  when risk changes you need to revisit your insurance policies . 
  true enough , though usa is also spread out much more thinly , with a lot of that budget going to `` force projection '' stuff that the eu would not have any interest in . 
  then relocate all eu financial crime investigative police there as well ? 
  would make life so much more convenient for everybody involved . 
  i loved the turkish food when we visited istanbul a few years ago . 
  i hope to visit again some day when madness has subsided , and indulging in the food will be at the top of my list . 
  but i like the pita kebabs , specifically , in northern europe as much as those in turkey itself . 
  yes . 
  but i 'm not sure they actually count as immigrants in the statistics . 
  probably do , but i 'm not certain . 
  many refugees also return once conditions improve back home . 
  they 're not really fleeing by choice after all . 
  you saw that with chileans in the 1970s for example . 
  for 2015 the most common `` source '' country was syria , followed by returning swedes . 
  over longer time periods , though , i believe neighbouring countries dominate the statistics . 
  it 's a bit unclear if other nordic country immigrants even count in the statistics , since we freely can move between countries . 
  rather , pigs are smarter than whales . 
  and they really are smart - one major reason they 're not used much in behavioural research is because they keep figuring out ways to escape or to fool the test equipment so they can get at the reward goodies . 
  and a pig is large and strong enough that you do n't want it loose if you can help it . 
  mett on bread with a glass of altbier or three . 
  fond memories from d\u00fcsseldorf . 
  pigs are probably the smartest farm animals we have . 
  if intelligence is the criterion we should probably eat whales before pigs . 
  i 've had most of the things in this map . 
  and just about all of them have been good . 
  some do need care in cooking or presentation , and others may need some getting used to , of course . 
  blood pudding , for instance - the blood pudding we got at school was hideous . 
  but that was because school food is reheated , dry , and made with the cheapest possible ingredients . 
  the real stuff is very good . 
  same thing with surstr\u00f6mming ( fermented herring ) . 
  if you just open a can at the table you deserve what you get . 
  prepare and eat it properly and it 's delicious . 
  but , but ... 
  i love my pineapple pizza ( ; _  can i keep it if i promise to add an egg in the middle and curry mayonnaise on top ? 
  have a big yearly nationwide party with the money they save . 
  yes , exactly . 
  i 'm not saying `` brexit hard '' is a _ good _ idea ; but i do think it would be an honest approach , in that it 's both achievable and in line with one fairly common and consistent interpretation of the election result . 
  it 's a defensible position at least . 
  the vote was to leave the eu , and that would mean a complete break , good parts and bad . 
  sever all connections , rebuild the economy with no eh dependencies , then start from zero to gradually build a new economic relationship with the european members and the single market . 
  it would take many years of course , and have a deep effect on the economy . 
  but it would be honest and in both spirit and letter of the vote result . 
  the word is `` ten thousand years '' but the meaning is `` horray !, 
  '' , more or less . 
  i vaguely remember it being a shortened form of `` may the emperor live for ten thousand years ! '', 
  but it 's saturday night so i do n't feel like checking it properly  perhaps think of it as a variant of the british `` for the queen ! '', 
  or `` for king and country ! '', 
  in this situation . 
   so americans are something like muslims , then ? 
  and american and muslim religious extremists work to create pretty much the same pre-modern repressive society ; they just do n't agree on which deity they 're doing it for . 
  protip from a reluctant swedish army conscript : pour liquid green soap all over it , then leave it in the hot shower for fifteen minutes . 
  wipe visible surfaces with oil and dribble oil into any important-looking mechanical parts . 
  will look like you 've spent the entire time polishing the thing instead of playing computer games . 
  it 's already difficult to travel to sweden from abroad because of the reliance on cards . 
  paying by card sounds like a neat idea , but less so when using a foreign card means paying a 20-30skr transaction fee each time . 
  you do n't pay 10kr for a bottle of soda if you need to pay another 30kr in fees . 
  now you can withdraw a larger sum for paying small stuff , but some shops do n't accept cash so you go without .
