  if the period is longer , that often means their immediate family as well . 
  they 're secretly conjoined twins . 
  i kind of like that one , though . 
  the decision to extend needs to be unanimous among all member states . 
  good luck with that . 
  the rainy places ? 
  the exit process is n't just a vague set of suggestions ; they 're enacted law . 
  you 'd need to go through a legislative process to change it , and since every eu member needs to approve it , it would mean approval from at least a few national parliaments as well . 
  i honestly doubt there 'd be time to do it even if you could get everybody to agree to it in the first place . 
  and really , britain would need to offer something fairly juicy in return for all other members throwing away a strong negotiation position . 
  it 's the other way round i believe . 
  it will be more difficult to find a soft compromise that will be acceptable both to a majority of eu member state parliaments and to a majority of british parliament . 
  the risk of a complete breakdown and a brexit with no deal at all just became more likely . 
  their aim is mostly to drive a wedge between the muslim refugees and immigrants , and the western societies in which they live . 
  the overall goal is to stop the spread of liberal and secular ideas in their own societies and conserve the traditional and religious structure . 
  disrupting the west is more of an afterthought , largely a means to an internal end . 
  shoes indoors ? 
  i do n't get it as _ income . _ as the comparison is about income , it does n't belong . 
  a child allowance or pension or something like that , on the other hand , probably should count . 
  using taxes as a proxy for social transfers does n't work since what i get back , individually , is not proportional to what i pay . 
  it 's not just that a large part goes to things that would not count as income and that i do n't get back individually ( defence , say ) ; it 's also that you have large transfers across generations and social groups , and those are not proportional either ( and we should n't expect them to be ) . 
  as a fairly high-income middle-aged worker , i pay rather more than i get back . 
  which is fine -- i think that 's completely fair -- but counting my taxes as part of my income would skew the statistics . 
  instead you should count income as earned income + social transfers . 
  that makes it explicit . 
  if you want to adjust for things like national health care you will start to wade into per-country adjustments as i mentioned . 
  income after taxes and social transfers is a better measure of how much money you actually get to spend . 
  income before taxes is kind of pointless since you never get all of that money . 
  but really it should also be adjusted by cost of living and similar as well , but that 's very difficult to get right . 
  how much do you value national healthcare for instance ? 
  i 've seen the figure $ 20000 equivalent - that is , if you take a job in a country with national healthcare , that 's worth a $ 20k yearly salary difference . 
  but that of course varies depending on which two countries you compare and so on . 
  you often are around 30 by the time you get a phd . 
  i was n't talking about averages - -- or about working for 30 years at all . 
  my comment was just what i wrote : once i have enough income i rather get more free time than more money . 
  i was effectively in school until my early 30 : s . so 30 years means around 62 or so . 
  but i meant more in general , that i only really need to be rich enough to have a comfortable life and a secure retirement . 
  i enjoy my current job very much , and would not want to stop . 
  i never have overtime or bring work home . 
  i could double my current salary ( perhaps more ) and a clear career path if i accept a different job in my field with lots of overtime , weekend work and few chances to take time off . 
  but as i make enough money in my current job , i much rather have my free weekends , dinner with my wife every night and so on . 
  time , not money . 
  should report median , not average . 
  salaries are not normally distributed , so average is misleading . 
  time is money , as the saying goes . 
  and once i have enough , i rather get more time than more money . 
  so , basically , us did start a war , and you invaded them in turn . 
  sounds like it should count . 
  we buy our own books . 
  if you have a market of 30-40 books a year - typical even for a beginner - to mid-level class in theoretical mathematics , say - you will have a very hard time convincing people to pay for their share of that translation cost . 
  now , on one hand you can often find introductory textbooks in the library if you do n't have the money . 
  on the other , that shrinks the market for a translation even further . 
  besides , a working knowledge of english is a prerequisite to be admitted to university . 
  it 's not as if you 're subjecting this to people without a chance to understand it . 
  and you will need it since the literature in your final two years are all but guaranteed not to be available in swedish . 
  especially since part of it is in the form of papers and similar , not just textbooks . 
  you will need the vocabulary eventually anyway ; might as well start early . 
  french is a very large language . 
  you can translate most things because there 's enough interested people to make it worthwhile . 
  in my native sweden even introductory courses frequently use english language books , simply because you ca n't do a very expensive technical translation for just a few dozen people to buy per year . 
  probably for the same reason as there 's no movement to return the south-swedish region of sk\u00e5ne to denmark ; or secede okinawa from mainland japan ; or rejoining the czech republic and slovakia ; or any other number of similar examples . 
  the people identify with their current country , and calls it home . 
  it would emotionally not be `` reuniting '' , but `` leaving '' . 
  historical ties are just that -- historical . 
  the current situation , that you grew up in , and live in , matters more . 
  look at the unification of germany . 
  they 'd been separated for less than fifty years , and you still had lots of people that personally remembered the country as whole . 
  and still they 've had to wrestle with real cultural differences and people identifying as east - or west-germans , rather than just germans . 
  another fifty years and unification would probably have had become if not impossible , then at least unattractive . 
  north and south korea , mainland china and taiwan and so on are probably also already running out the clock . 
  as time passes , and the united country disappears from living memory , the number of people who actually want reunification , and who are willing to incur the upheaval and sacrifice , will rapidly diminish . 
  i really do n't understand what italians have against pineapple and curry-mayonnaise ... 
  and one root cause of the syrian war is a severe , persistent drought . 
  with the climate changing we 're going to see more of this kind of thing going forward . 
  eu allowed some colourings that were banned in sweden . 
  was a fair bit of debate about it . 
  i do . 
  it 's much , much better to endlessly argue about food colourings and paint solvent safety standards than to kill each other at a massive scale . 
  which is what europe spent much of the last thousand years doing . 
  people tend to forget why the eu was ever created in the first place . 
  there is `` off-topic to the sub '' . 
  how this look like for you ? 
  they were buoyed by a refugee crisis and terrorist attacks ; had financial and other backing by a major political power ; _ both _ established party candidates failed to reach the run-off election ; and they faced a widely distrusted not-even-40 independent candidate without a party organization who had never stood in an election before . 
  and they lost it 2:1 . 
  a beagle in a clown suit would have done better . 
  they will never have such an open goal again , and they blew it . 
  the french fascists will no doubt regroup for another attempt at becoming mainstream . 
  but the fn is finished . 
  what are they making ? 
  pretty much . 
  his tuxedo was at the dry cleaners . 
  honestly - and i say this as somebody toward the progressive side of the swedish political center ( that 's `` anarchy-communist pinkie traitor '' on the u.s. scale ) - macron does n't seem all that bad . 
  while we should vote our convictions , perfect is the enemy of good enough and i could probably live with him as a politician even though i do n't agree with all that he stands for . 
  the only one who really does , by the way , is me , and i have no interest in running for office , 
   the british government however is about as popular in ireland as abortion is in the vatican . 
  i would expect an abortion in the vatican to be a medical miracle . 
  would beat a garden variety virgin birth by a mile . 
  as long as i can get my pineapple and curry-mayonnaise pizza i 'm content . 
  what exactly did she do ? 
  should do it in swedish .
