  not really sure why we ca n't have it here . 
  there 's not * that * many new stories here each day , after all . 
  the delicious goodness of kebab , wrapped in the savoury excellence of pizza . 
  food of the gods - or at least the ones related to heart disease . 
  it does sound rather like something brits would like , does n't it . 
  in japanese it 's `` painappuru '' ( \u30d1\u30a4\u30ca\u30c3\u30d7\u30eb ) after the english name ; although the plant itself is apparently also called `` ananasu '' ( \u30a2\u30ca\u30ca\u30b9 ) . 
  according to wikipedia , the old name was \u9cf3\u68a8 ( houri ) , but i 've never heard that , and neither have any of my japanese coworkers , so it 's safe to say that 's not a current word . 
  ah , flygande jacob - have n't had that in years and years ... time to convince my wife it 's time we made it . 
  in tokyo you stand on the left . 
  the embarrassed shuffling can get pretty pronounced at times . 
  ah , you 're right . 
  it 's `` ananas '' in every other language i know , that 's my only excuse . 
  edit : not even that . 
  i 'm just confusing myself further . 
  i 'll just keep quiet now . 
  i 'm happy to hear about the kebab pizza . 
  very pan-european  i 'm a little surprised chicken , curry and ananas is unknown ; it 's a delicious combination . 
  sweet , savoury and spicy . 
  good point . 
  i 'll just order a kebab pizza instead . 
  or chicken with ananas and curry mayonnaise . 
  in japan it 's either the left side or the right , depending on the part of the country . 
  in kyoto , the foremost national tourist destination , people try to do both , with constant chaos as a result . 
  murder comes to mind . 
  try to avoid it . 
  so , another , clearer way to say it : from [ eurostat ] ( http://ec.europa.eu/eurostat/statistics-explained/index.php/migration_and_migrant_population_statistics ) 4.9 million non-nationals in the gb , which is about 15 % of the total number of non-nationals living in the eu countries . 
  even with the most generous definition of `` most '' possible , that is not even a third of the way to `` most '' . 
  [ immigration to europe ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/?title=immigration_to_europe#statistic_data_on_immigrant_populations ), 
  gb is n't the top country for immigration . 
  in absolute numbers , gb is third after germany and france for non-eu immigrant population . 
  as a percentage of population it ranks eight . 
  seems to me that your premise is flawed . 
  1 ) sorry ; that 's the only icelandic i remember from hrafninn flygur . 
  the op 's argument basically boiled down to `` people are still doing it despite it being illegal , so we might as well legalize it . '', 
  it 's a lousy argument , and i aimed to show that by drawing the conclusion slightly further than the op intended . 
  no , of course i do n't argue murder should be legal . 
  and i do think cannabis probably should be legalized . 
  but this is a lousy argument in favour . 
   if you forbid people from doing something they want they will still do it , illegally and sponsoring criminals . 
  like murder . 
  and robbery . 
  better make that legal . 
  they do check intra-eu shipments and mail for things like drugs , so yes , they 're allowed . 
  it 's not that bad , and if it 's just a small symbol nobody cares . 
  also , it 's quite common to see it on americans . 
  it does affect the first impression though . 
  it 's up to you really . 
  to put it this way : if you meet a guy in a plaid shirt and a trucker cap with the confederate flag , you will likely form a different first impression than if he was wearing a plain cap or nothing at all . 
  once you get to know him even a little it no longer matters , but for that first impression - and whether to get to know him at all - it does . 
  it 's not us symbols specifically , by the way . 
  people will tend to find other country flags a little tacky for various reasons . 
  nationalism tends to have a bad rep in europe , and wearing national symbols ( flags and other things alike ) is mostly done by `` angry young men '' , far-right party activists and the like ( and sports of course ; the safe , socially acceptable place to express those tribal feelings ) . 
  you 'll have no problem anywhere in those areas . 
  just be polite and ( as pointed out already ) not too loud and you 'll be fine . 
  trying to learn a few words in the local language often does wonders - if you start by showing your complete incompetence in their language , people will be a lot less embarrassed to use their bad english with you . 
  you might also want to hold off on any big bag-patches or t-shirts with flags , bald eagles holding guns and things like that ; i realize it 's traditional and expected in the us but in-your-face nationalism gives a rather poor impression to many europeans . 
  all that beer is n't going to throw up itself you know . 
  seriously , they seem to aim at the top teams and the most storied ones . 
  `` world cup '' effectively is whatever event those teams gather at . 
  and while england might not quite be in the very top , they 're a large part of soccer history and qualifies as one of the important teams for that alone . 
  doner kebab in some languages . 
  that the pita kebab/doner kebab is a wonderful pan-european food . 
  gibraltar to kiruna , you can get them anywhere ( with a choice of garlic or spicy sauce ) and they 're always right as a quick lunch or snack on the way home late at night . 
  you can just build new stuff on top of the parts that sink . 
  depends . 
  well , the receding chin and forehead , and protruding proboscis follows the coin curve quite nicely , so there 's that . 
  oh , btw , do n't google `` prince charles '' with safesearch off while at work . 
  i do n't agree ; i do see estonia , latvia and lithuania as part of the nordic countries , and i imagine that they have n't been included simply because they were behind the iron ( 1 ) curtain up until relatively recently . 
  but we share language roots , culture and a common history . 
  there 's really no reason not to see all of us as part of a single area . 
  and yes , northern poland and northern germany could even be counted , except for that embarrassing `` repeated military invasions from sweden '' historical bit . 
  i fully understand if neither has any interest in being nordic after a few centuries of that sort of thing . 
  1 ) why `` iron '' curtain by the way ? 
  iron is heavy and brittle ; one good thump and it shatters into pieces . 
  it 's a lousy material for a curtain or any other kind of barrier . 
  `` polycarbonate curtain '' ought to be much more intimidating . 
  or maybe it 's just me . 
  uk film should be included of course . 
  whitnail and i , two smoking barrels , trainspotting ... 
  that 's a good question actually . 
  why not just say it 's both ? 
  exactly . 
  so with country-specific threads most people would read only the ones covering their own or the largest countries . 
  why have country-specific threads ? 
  talk about european movies as european ? 
  well ... leningrad cowboys go to america is set mostly in the us and almost all in english , but i think you 'd be hard pressed to say it 's not a finnish film . 
  very , utterly finnish -- and , incidentally , a must-see film if you have n't already . 
  it 's not just finland , not just europe and not just places with low population growth . 
  urbanisation has been going on for a couple of centuries and shows no sign of stopping . 
  some people love the quiet countryside , and they will of course continue to live well there . 
  but people in general are voting with their feet , and cities are winning . 
  cities have so many things that people want that the countryside ca n't provide : higher education and specialist jobs that fit your degree ; wide range of culture , restaurants , clubs , shops , health care ; public transport , excellent communications . 
  the list goes on and on . 
  but what they * really * have , that underlies all the rest , is other people . 
  that 's the basis of all other benefits , and that 's what most people turn out to want . 
  we , collectively , like to live with other people . 
  in a way that 's good news for those that prefer the country . 
  there are areas where unemployment is lower in the most remote areas than in the cities ; where their problem is finding enough people to fill available positions . 
  and the internet makes many things much more convenient ; you may not have any speciality stores around , but you have hundreds or thousands of giant online shops instead . 
  you can probably live better , more comfortably than ever before and retain all the benefits of the countryside .
