  if sweden goes truly cashless , it will also go tourist-less as well . 
  i know both languages ( sort of ) , and they 're really nothing alike . 
  there 's a few superficial similarities but they 're very different . 
  ok just going to leave this here : http://tiffzhang.com/startup/index.html, 
  it 's really tasty . 
  mixed with a little tsuyu ( soy sauce based dressing ) and some finely chopped scallion . 
  popular as a side dish with beer . 
  i believe the numbers are similar in japan . 
  and there you eat raw chicken ; raw chicken liver is a delicacy . 
  the causation is probably the other way around : we , collectively , regulate our behaviour ( individually and through regulation ) to keep the risk at an acceptable level . 
  where chicken is fairly safe we allow us to eat riskier foods ; where it 's fairly sure to make us sick , we do n't, 
  canned beans are budget to be sure , but it 's good food . 
  and as the op points out , easy to be creative with and improve on . 
  leyden was very nice when i went there for a conference . 
  but honestly it felt much more like a tourist town than amsterdam ever did . 
  and amsterdam has arendsnest which honestly excuses pretty much anything else . 
  deliberate misinformation stops the newspaper report ? 
  hey , austrialish is easy !, 
  it was about accepting refugees that need help and had nowhere else to go . 
  czechia , notably , has absolutely refused to do the same . 
  or , `` we do n't like you , but we want your money '' . 
  not feeling the welcome . 
  the eu did make concessions . 
  there was a deal contingent on gb voting to stay . 
  they did n't and the deal was withdrawn . 
  i got the impression czechia is rather anti-immigrant . 
  according to an acquaintance , the tax situation for that money is a pain . 
  would you want to fill in an extra set of tax forms for $ 4 ? 
  it 's not disrespectful as such . 
  it 's just not part of the retail culture . 
  it 's also apparently a pain in the backside , since that `` money for nothing '' generates a pile of extra paperwork to the tax authorities for the business owner . 
  i _ think _ ( not completely sure ) that `` mikado '' was the brand glico chose for exporting pocky to europe once upon a time . 
  now it 's an established name so you get both , but it 's made by the same company . 
  `` tulip '' spam is common . 
  i 've never seen fresh/frozen pork though . 
  i looked , and it does n't really spell it out , other than a couple of lines about `` car parts '' and `` services '' . 
  but it 's much the same as for the eu : lower barriers for service industries , and better access to each others markets for all kinds of goods . 
  `` tulip '' brand danish spam is pretty common here in okinawa . 
  it dates back to the end of wwii , where food aid would include it and it became a popular brand here along with the us product . 
  japan does produce beef and pork , most of it to domestic consumption afaik . 
  problem is , it 's very high-grade , and thus quite expensive . 
  the conditions are not really there for the kind of large-scale farming operations you need for cheap meat products . 
  as it is , japan imports a lot of meat from australia and us , places that are already very far away . 
  shipping frozen meats from the eu does n't make much difference in practice . 
  the copyright law is pretty much taken directly from the us . 
  and the safety net is better - you can never lose your healthcare for instance . 
  quite a lot of salaried workers do want to ; that 's part of the problem . 
  since you get paid for the overtime it 's a good way to increase your take-home pay , especially as a lot of the overtime work can be , let 's say , less than amazingly productive . 
  and older firms , especially , still see time at work as a sign of dedication ; more hours will mean a faster career path . 
  but yes , it 's ultimately bad both for the workers ( for obvious reasons ) but also for the economy at large . 
  if people spend all their time working they 're not spending money . 
  this is one reason japan has so many public holidays ; if people wo n't use their allotted vacation days you make them take a day off that way instead . 
  japanese chocolate is really good , and there 's lots to choose from . 
  my favourite is all the really special or odd chocolate confections that appear at the peak season of valentine 's day and white day . 
  skinny jeans should be perfect there . 
  lower wind resistance . 
  because if things happen and we 'd have to flee from a grinding civil war in my own country , i would hope there are countries out there willing to give me and my family shelter . 
  tenpozan in osaka is the lowest officially recognized mountain in japan , at 4.53 meters . 
  it 's basically a 200-year old pr stunt that grew legs and lives on . 
  it 's the pronunciation . 
  danish is grammatically closer but spoken danish is difficult to understand for most swedes . 
  lots of trees and lakes . 
  trees , especially . 
  if trees are your thing , we got you covered . 
  _ we 're _ covered , in fact . 
  could we interest you in some tree-based products ? 
  we have lots for you to choose from . 
  please . 
  i do n't trust those trees , with their wooden expressions , always waving their branches behind my back ... 
  where 'd you get that idea ? 
  if the rest of eu did n't appreciate greece it could have washed its hands of you years and years ago . 
  it 's because the other countries really do see you as a valuable member that they try to help you get your stuff back in order . 
  might not be the best or most effective way of course , but they 're making the effort . 
  i do n't think there are any . 
  european makers sell lots of cars here . 
  dairy is popular here . 
  lots of people eat yoghurt at breakfast for instance . 
  but most cheese is that disgusting american-type with almost no flavour . 
  i 'll be really happy if we can start getting decent cheese here at reasonable prices . 
  up until now we 've managed by buying cheese at ikea . 
  good nihonshu is delicious . 
  sake is seen as that fuddy thing your grandpa drinks at new year . 
  but there 's signs that this is changing . 
  some trendy wine bars and western restaurants offer sake and serve it in wine glasses rather than the traditional ways . 
  it 's fairly popular . 
  there 's some production of japanese wine too , but while it 's not all bad , it 's not really at the level of long-established producers . 
  it does n't help that people here are almost ashamed to promote japanese wine . 
  it 's that time of the month !, 
  absolutely . 
  my answer was to a poster that wanted to make some point about britain leaving . 
  by that way of counting , we can include a reduction of 100 % of britains pollution the moment it leaves the eu . 
  more correct us to include reduction done by britain up until it leaves the eu . 
  we regularly buy quite a bit of european foods here : cheese , hard breads , pasta , wine and beer , salmon , mackerel and other marine products , and so on . 
  japan actually imports a majority of the foods it consumes ( while producing far too much rice , but that 's another issue ) . 
  it 's protectionist ( so is the eu and the us too ) , and there 's a lot of picky import regulations , but the heavy protectionism is overall limited to those categories where japan has a lot of domestic production . 
  so , catholics could not legally use latin at mass then ? 
  not sure i could take even more akb48 to be honest . 
  if you need to spend a month or more getting your people into the country while the local competition can start right away , then that can certainly be viewed as an impediment to trade . 
  a lot of trade today involve services - exclusively or together with goods . 
  and to deliver services you often need to station people there for longer or shorter periods .
