  i think they mean they will go to a nearby irish pub , nothing else . 
  sometimes a beer is just a beer . 
  actually , a beer is always just a beer , and anybody trying to make more of it is kind of a twit . 
  how is listing the main beer-making cultures of europe in a comment dealing with beer raising racial tensions ? 
  very pleasant , very open . 
  i like the sense of intimacy in the main hall ; makes it look smaller and more immediate . 
  like you could almost reach out and touch the stage from the balconies . 
  happy to see this !, 
  we need more uplifting things like this in europe right now . 
  there will be a treaty . 
  and it will require britain to accept open borders and most eu rules , but without a seat at the table . 
  just like norway , switzerland and the other associated non-members . 
  ought to diagram the decision process of a few member countries at the same level of detail for comparison . 
  i bet it 's not going to be all that different . 
  it is contradictory because the original political process is contradictory . 
  the current government is an alliance of social democrats that like nuclear and dislike renewables because of their historical and economic ties to heavy industry ; and the green party that like renewables but dislike nuclear because of the environmental impact , but also because of its dislike of big industry in general . 
  the current government is fundamentally incompatible with itself when it comes to energy policy in other words , and so far their solution seems to be to pretend there is nothing wrong against all evidence to the countrary . 
  * '' [ ... ] but everything here requires swedish . 
  '' * would not most everything in the us require english ? 
  why do you expect things to be different in other countries ? 
  it 's one of the largest areas of the map . 
  most space to add an insert without completely covering the underlying country . 
  do n't be so prickly . 
  not everything is about you . 
  could i interest you in some pickled herring and depressive movies ? 
  oh wait , different spelling . 
  regulating what people are allowed to say at universities is a defining characteristic of liberal democracies . 
  oh wait , that 's my fault . 
  it should be `` autocratic dictatorships '' . 
  those statements are n't mutually exclusive . 
  true enough . 
  but you do n't really buy it for where it 's made ; the quality and fault rate specifications are the same no matter where the factory is located . 
  you buy it for the design . 
  seriously , you have probably the best beers in the world . 
  and they 're with alcohol level that fits the beer , not some tax system . 
  i 'm so disappointed that exported czech beers here in japan is all too-strong `` export '' versions , not the perfectly balanced original stuff . 
  well , the image i have is basically `` great design , but breaks if you as much as breathe on it '' . 
  so yes , i kind of feel the rank captures that ambivalence fairly well . 
  iittala and arabica tableware . 
  a shame they did n't draw a couple in the opposite way too , with tof subjects in the moomin style . 
  let me take this moment to express my admiration for ireland , finding gainful employment for the poor unfortunates who have lost the use of their arms . 
  germany pays half the cost of those bases . 
  japan pays 75 % . 
  neither has control over those military troops . 
  perhaps it 's be worth paying more for facilities under their own control rather than under trump . 
  anything you do always hurt the people more than it hurts the leaders . 
  i loved istanbul when we visited a couple of years ago . 
  we planned to return again next year but then the power grab started . 
  we 're not going again while erdogan is in power . 
  too dangerous , and it 's no fun spending your holiday in a place where many people dislike and vilify you anyhow . 
  they will prohibit ten dutch political rallies in turkey ? 
  it 's quite common for early-level classes to be offered in english as well as the local language nowadays . 
  and foreign students typically get quite a lot of help and resources to learn the local language . 
  as you say , after two years or so you will typically be able to follow the high-level classes . 
  as a footnote , i know that in the mathematics department in lund , sweden , they actually assign german and russian-language books and papers at the grad student level . 
  the terminology and mathematical notation is the same , so they assume people will be able to work through it with a dictionary . 
  math is a bit special of course , but it is true that in many technical and scientific fields you can almost read a text without knowing the language at all , just by picking out the common terminology . 
  the language level you need as a science student is probably less than you 'd need for daily life . 
  you only need a small proportion of students stay in the country afterwards for it to be a net economic win . 
  and those that do n't stay will still know your language and culture , and effectively be ambassadors for your country back home . 
  i do know people do it , so it is certainly doable . 
  britain is perhaps most common due to the small language barrier , but most big universities in , say , germany or sweden have many courses end even entire graduation tracks in english . 
  and after a year or two , you 'll probably know enough of the local language to take classes in that language , so it will become a non-problem . 
  i ca n't agree . 
  they 're unstable and expensive and rarely last very long . 
  in general having your population divided into a smaller elite with most power and resources , and a large mass of people without either is not a recipe for social stability ; and with empires you got that structure built right in . 
  being an empire has historically been a good way to bankrupt a country . 
  only in a few cases did a country manage to suck enough wealth from its vassal states to pay for the cost of keeping the whole unstable thing together . 
  far away , long lens . 
  i thought they still had the testing for everybody . 
  they should , since it 's probably a good way to sell the idea of a couple of years in the military . 
  and at least one colleague at the time rather appreciated military service . 
  we were supposed to be quartermasters , and his parents were farmers right nearby . 
  i doubt they paid for gasoline or tractor diesel themselves a single time for the year their son was a conscript . 
  and explosive fuse is apparently very useful for getting rid of treestumps and boulders on the farm . 
  still amazed nobody noticed rolls of the stuff was going missing . 
  i did it in 1989 . 
  did n't want to do it , did n't have a choice . 
  as you say , i basically lacked any motivation to do a good job - or do anything much at all . 
  it was probably worse than useless for the army to have me for a year . 
  depends on how much stuff you bring . 
   wan na tell us any stories ? 
  the actual iq scores have been increasing over time . 
  but that 's a reflection on the greater access to education , nutrition and so on . 
  a few hundred years is far too short to have any biological impact . 
  and intelligence , like most complex features , is a product of both genetics and environment . 
  the genetics can determine how far away your limits are , but no matter where you are on the genetical scale you 're not going to develop it without the environment . 
  and there 's no clear indication that very high intelligence actually has much social or biological benefit . 
  being reasonably smart is very good . 
  but being very smart is not necessarily any better . 
  the strata of of the wealthiest and most powerful people do n't stand out as having a greater share of geniuses . 
  yes , you need to be fairly smart to make it in politics and business , but beyond a certain level other factors - family connections , gregariousness and social skill and so on - become far more important . 
  tax forms of europe !, 
  seriously , it 'd be interesting to see how they differ . 
  i 'm afraid his point still stands ... 
  as a swede , no thanks . 
  never again . 
  it bankrupted us . 
  that would be a very reasonable change ; i wonder what the arguments are against it . 
   also the vast majority of legislation comes from their offices rather than them ; literally unelected bureaucrats ( no value judgement , just an accurate description ) .
