  but i think the basic problem is that the central bank ca n't issue any new money on their own ; they have to literally buy bills and coins on the open money market . 
  it 's probably doable if you 're running trade surpluses - you 're buying money with the goods you export . 
  but in the case of greece , they 'd have to pay using ious or some other form of semi-currency , and the price will be whatever their own population decides those ious are worth . 
  how , exactly ? 
  are the greek the only people that get to have a democratic voice ? 
  what about all the people in the other eurozone countries ? 
  the ones asked to pay for greece ? 
  they do n't get to be heard ? 
  the governments negotiating with greece are all democratically elected . 
  they all listen - they * have * to listen or they wo n't get re-elected - to the opinion back home . 
  greece is far from the only one to have faced painful economic reforms . 
  those that did go through with it and emerged on the other side rightfully ask why they should now be expected to pay so that greece can avoid the same ? 
  if you want democracy , let 's have a referendum across all euro member states , and let that determine what kind of deal greece will get . 
  how about that ? 
  promoting local produce is good in general . 
  it does n't usually really save any money though . 
  shipping is so cheap these days that it really adds very little to the price . 
  it 's far more important how effective the farms are and how good the climate . 
  we can have three levels of consumption tax , but afaik a country can choose whatever levels they want . 
  so a state could for instance assign food and other necessities to the lowest bracket and set that rate to zero , while keeping vat on other items . 
  the other way is to increase the income , lowering the effective price of food . 
  lower tax rate for the lowest income levels ( perhaps including a blanket deduction effectively making low incomes tax free ) ; or housing assistance , child care allowance and other transfers that could be keyed to income or not - with a fixed sum , that money makes a much larger difference for low-income households . 
  because partial debt relief and more funding will never , ever stop unless the greek institutions and society is reformed from the ground up . 
  and there seems to be no willingness at all to do that . 
  it would be another bailout next year , yet another the year after that ... 
  it wo n't ever stop writing it all off is saying that greece has no willingness or intention in reforming , and further money would just disappear in the same bottomless hole as all previous bailouts . 
  it 's about accepting your losses and stop throwing good money after bad . 
  it is giving up on greece . 
  undemocratic ? 
  all the people of the nations asked to pay have no say in this ? 
  merkel and the others can only offer so much before their own voters revolt . 
  if you really want this to be democratic , we should have a referendum among all the euro nations to determine what terms are agreeable . 
   we are allies . 
  we are supposed to be friends . 
  trust is important in the union . 
  no trust equals to no solution for the problems . 
  we are not united only in the good times and throw away whoever has problems . 
  we _ are _ allies , and we _ are _ friends . 
  but no , the trust in the greek state -- which is different from the greek people -- is gone . 
  that trust can only really be restored by rebuilding the state institutions , and replacing them - and their officials - with new ones . 
  and that kind of change can only happen from within greece itself . 
  as long as the greek society effectively just wants to go back to what you were a decade ago , change will be impossible . 
  you can be a friend , even a very good friend , with somebody and still not trust them to make good decisions . 
  i think many people know someone like that ; you love them and enjoy their company , and you 'll help them any way you can when they get into trouble . 
  but you 've learned the hard way not to trust them with money any more . 
  again , the trust in greek institutions hovers right around zero . 
  do you think anybody would seriously believe greece will ever pay back that `` frozen '' debt ? 
  who would be gullible enough to actually believe that ? 
  and that 's before considering that `` freezing '' debt for decades without interest or adjusting for inflation is effectively the same as cutting it . 
  you basically argue that greece should default then ? 
  well , they 're well on their way already . 
  in either case the lenders are effectively cutting the debt . 
  and in either case there is no trust to add any new debt to it . 
  the main problem really is that by now nobody trusts the greek state and its institutions to actually `` take all the required measures '' , or even being able to , in the face of rampant corruption , incompetence and rent-seeking . 
  your solution # 1 is just # 2 under a different name . 
  and # 2 is effectively a default . 
  cut the debt , write it off as a bad deal , then do n't lend any more money until the greek economy has recovered and state institutions have been rebuilt from the ground up . 
  meanwhile i 'm really happy we finally chose not to go to athens for vacation in august ... 
  so ... where should the money come from then ? 
  the greek taxpayers should not pay , you say - but then , neither should the taxpayers in the rest of europe . 
  so , if * greek taxpayers do n't pay for themselves ; * other european taxpayers do n't pay for greece ; * nobody trusts the greek government or state enough to lend them any more money ; * greece does n't cut down on spending to a level that 's sustainable ; then what ? 
  what is your suggestion ? 
  any suggestion along the lines of `` let the fat cat bankers pay '' should absolutely be followed with a rough estimate on how much money there would actually be available ( remember the greek banks are practically insolvent already ) , and what legal mechanisms are in place to do what you suggest . 
  i do n't _ want _ to , any longer . 
  some amount is likely necessarily though . 
  a debt cut is sensible and probably necessary . 
  but any further money shoild be clearly time-limited , earmarked and coupled tightly to specific reform steps . 
  that would get around any greek politicians trying to subvert the reform process , and provide political cover for those that do n't . 
  ... so better to default so the debt is cleared then ? 
  because never-ending payments to greece with no end in sight is not an alternative . 
  so , you say it 's better for greece if the rest of eu do n't pay out any more money ? 
  it 's money given to the greek state by other states . 
  money they did not have to give , money that was supposed to be used for the people that originally paid it in the form of taxes . 
  there is a big gray zone , yes . 
  but there is also a fairly clear white zone and a clear black one . 
  the proposal is basically to mark the black ones . 
  * 3.1 we request that users who post non-english articles also post a translation ( even if just a machine translation ) to help the forum engage with the post . 
  however , this is only a request , and posts will not be removed for this reason . 
  * seems other languages are perfectly acceptable here . 
  as they should be , with all the different languages we have in europe . 
  the usual for religious conservatives , pretty much . 
  has there been a single progress the past couple of millennia , from universal suffrage and emancipation all the way back to the use of fire , that the same kind of people have not violently opposed ? 
  it 's much too wide a question . 
  the answers are yes , many ; and yes , many . 
  but that 's not going to be very helpful for you . 
  narrow it down - where could you move as a canadian ? 
  what are your options for financing your studies ? 
  where do you intend to use your degree ? 
  start with what you can do , then look for schools that fit . 
  happening in europe ? 
  / r/worldnews has plenty of threads on this . 
  i basically agree that the moderators need to draw a line . 
  either way - keep this , or remove it - would be reasonable . 
  the moderators chose one , and that 's fine . 
  i have n't noticed any obvious problem with moderation around here . 
  and `` no obvious problems '' means the moderators are doing a good job . 
  that seems delicious - a bit like german mett or steak tartare . 
  have to try it !, 
  oh , by the way , since you 're from turkey : is there any `` should try '' foods in istanbul that guidebooks and the like usually miss ? 
  you know , like german currywurst or other such things that flies under the radar of `` real '' food culture ?
