  britain does n't have freedom of press guaranteed in law as far as i understand it ? 
  most have . 
  i believe great britain is the only exception . 
  the actual details differ of course ; no country - the us included - have unrestricted free speech , and some countries frame it as a right to print and publish rather than speak . 
  it can get more difficult to find information since it might not be governed by a single law , but separate laws for publication , private speech , defamation laws and so on . 
  the pan-european pita kebab . 
  turkey by way of berlin , then lightly flavoured by the local traditions in every country that serves it . 
  everyone looks down on it , but it 's really a true pan-european food . 
  or , for more `` authentic '' examples , the czech goulash with slices of bread dumpling . 
  in no small part because it comes with czech beer . 
  well , he is still a rape suspect , and fled the police to avoid questioning . 
  no declaration changes that . 
  front page headlines in the largest papers is `` media silent '' ? 
  strange definition of `` silent '' . 
  and makram\u00e9 . 
  i guess it 's all words of french origin . 
  `` caf\u00e9 '' and `` th\u00e9 '' for instance . 
  the spelling of tea is old-fashioned but cafe is normally spelled that way . 
  there 's more words that use it as well , i 'm sure ; i just always suck at coming up with specific examples . 
  swedish uses the \u00e9 as well . 
  not `` where did it originate '' but `` what is popular '' . 
  in other countries i 've been , it 's always sweden and the scandinavian countries that are brought up as examples . 
  it may have originated in germany ( i have no idea ) , but that 's not from where the concept became popular . 
  yes , video games and music . 
  but also the ideas of `` ombudsman '' , and `` welfare society '' . 
  i 'd say those have a greater long-term , large-scale societal impact than waterloo or candy crush saga . 
  i really _ hope _ so , at least ... 
  good , solid , worthy choice all around . 
  we do n't hear a lot about tunisia now precisely because of the efforts of these people . 
  merkel would be far too early ; it 's still mid-cricis . 
  if the immediate crisis is resolved in the next few months , she 'd be a strong contender in a year or two . 
  when sas has better service you know you 're in for a * really * crappy experience ... 
  you seriously , _ seriously _ have the best beer on the continent . 
  not just the taste or the quality , but you have the sense to make beer weak enough that the flavour is optimised , and you can have a beer with your ( very tasty ) food without getting a buzz . 
  now , if you just were n't so rabidly against immigration we 'd actually consider moving there ... 
  the british press truly sets an example for the world with its restraint and careful consideration of facts , do n't they ? 
  deep-fried marmite ? 
  fusion junk food . 
  once article 50 is invoked there is no staying . 
  at the end of two years the membership is cancelled , treaty or no treaty . 
  two children , then twins . 
  the twins bit was n't planned of course - i believe they intended to stop at three , 
  it 's marriage though , not cohabitation , and that makes the numbers difficult to compare . 
  sweden may have late marriages , but many live together beforehand and only marry once they 're certain they 'll stay together . 
  my brother and his wife got married last year - after living together for six years , with a house and four children . 
  several friends have taken the same route of marrying only once they already have children and a life together . 
  many countries are non christian and people have only a vague notion of any details such as names or beliefs . 
  aristoteles , on the other hand , is somebody you 're likely to hear about in school pretty much everywhere . 
  in most cases , by the time you 're 18 you are out of high school , and you 're either starting to work and so you move to your own place ; or you go to university , in which case you 're again moving from home ( and likely to a different city ) . 
  grant money is used for salaries . 
  that 's often the largest item in a grant budget . 
  and often that includes the salary of the pi - if you do n't land a grant , you lose your postdocs and mostor your own income . 
  teaching is time away from science . 
  actual research is generally funded through external grants , in eu and elsewhere . 
  nobel prizes are for things that `` benefit humanity '' . 
  practical applications was the intent . 
  see the prices for blue leds or carbon nanotubes for instance . 
  math is not really applied directly like that . 
  there 's no , say , geology or philosophy prize either , for the same reason . 
  and some legal scholars claim that the prize committee is skating on thin ice with their awarding prizes for abstract physics discoveries - how does the higgs boson confirmation benefit humanity , exactly ? 
  it 's just because you can disguise sudden sneezes . 
  '' ... and then we have . . ah . . aah . . _ cauchiiii _ um , that is who discovered this theorem i think . '', 
  true enough . 
  but polls even in warn-torn countries show that the vast majority of people will rather live in the country - and region - of birth if they can at all manage it , and will flee the minimum necessary distance away if there is no choice . 
  actual far-traveling migrants is a fairly rare thing to begin with . 
  and since it 's so difficult to get citizenship or permanent residency you have a lot of stickiness . 
  people will stay longer than they want to get that safety assurance , and will hesitate to move again once they get it since it 's so valuable . 
  if citizenship or residency were something you basically could pick up at the airport people would be much more likely to leave again , as well as arrive , knowing that the door is not closed . 
  not at all . 
  rather , the society , in the form of health care system , assisted living and similar , should be the primary caregiver . 
  there 's a feeling that having to impose on family for intimate and not always delicate issues is embarrassing and demeaning . 
  a health care professional changing your diaper feels more acceptable and less of a loss of autonomy than being forced to rely on your daughter to do the same . 
  could just not draw a line at all . 
  let people decide for themselves what they are . 
  i bet it would cause a lot less problems than many people think , and less than the current system of a maze of arcane rules and regulations . 
  sorry sk\u00e5ne , you just do n't belong . 
  norrbotten - the northernmost area of sweden - has about 200k people in total . 
  some of those other scandinavian areas are even smaller . 
  you do n't need a lot of people moving , dying or getting born to affect the rate of change quite a lot . 
  i 'd really like to see a map like this with a ten-year time frame . 
  by -35 or so you start having all the extra fun of protecting engines , foodstuff and so on from the effects of the cold . 
  because what you really need is a whole other set of tasks to do in the snow and dark before you can get inside the tent . 
  sweden is one of the least religious countries in the world , and we had a state religion - with a minister of religion , no less - when i was a kid . 
  people were still being born into the church ( so you could n't leave until you were 18 ) until around 1990 or so . 
  still , few people ever actually cared about the religious bits ; churches echo empty most sundays . 
  i think that perhaps the us needs to take a very strict approach to separation because so many people are religious , and because you have so many religions with substantial representation . 
  it 's one thing to have , say , easter friday off when nobody cares . 
  it 's another when a majority , or a big minority , of people angrily ask why they ca n't get passover , or ramadan , or vesak , or o-bon off as well . 
  also , of course , some of the main holidays such as new year or midsummer have no living religious connection at all . 
  you can argue that in practice christmas , easter friday and the rest is much the same as well for most people . 
  but i do see a greater focus on this in sweden now than there used to be . 
  in part , no doubt , because the number of religions are increasing , but also because there is more of an active awareness of atheism as something worthwhile , rather than just an absence of religion . 
  um , i like helly hansen well enough , and i know our good norwegian neighbours enjoy their time out in the wild , but i do n't really believe a company making clothes for construction work , forestry and hiking would be the top brand even there . 
  bring back the classic hh fleece sweater . 
  the `` i 'm not a moose ! '', 
  orange one , with thumb holes in the sleeves . 
  please . 
  on the other hand , the eating and drinking at the end of the day seems a lot of fun . 
  a friend of mine used to claim he always gained weight during ramadan and had to do a regular fast afterwards to fit in his clothes . 
  your link does n't work - need a paid registration to see the data .
