  but i believe you ; i was probably mistaken with local data . 
  in japan manual transmissions are rare , down into the low single percentage . 
  and as the home market is big and important for most japanese manufacturers ( and the big us market is also majority at ) their sales would show mostly at . 
  one bit of confusion seems to exist though : some people seem to count paddle shifters as manual transmission . 
  they are n't , of course , not technically ( expecially for cvt ) and not legally either . 
  even without electric cars , the manual transmissions days are numbered . 
  manual sales are a small fraction of automatics now , and many makers are removing manual options completely for most of their models . 
  even if it 's somebody i loathe , i do n't accept any speculation like this without some form of tangible evidence . 
  neither should you , or anybody . 
  `` it all fits ! '', 
  is not evidence . 
  i 'm no fan of erdogan or the descent of turkey into religious oppression . 
  but [ citation needed ] . 
  osaka just nu , men vi flyttar till okinawa snart . 
  cosmetic body modification of children should never be allowed , no matter what the reason . 
  let the child decide for themselves when they 're old enough . 
  completely agree with that . 
  access is for goods , services * and * people , and will go both ways or not at all . 
  no more cherry-picking . 
  makes me feel we can make this european idea work after all . 
  i read you as denying she is corrupt . 
  and as evidence for your position you assert that other people in her social class are more corrupt than her . 
  but that does n't falsify the original statement in any way . 
  `` par for the course '' just means she is corrupt , and other people are also corrupt . 
  `` everybody else is doing it '' is not an excuse . 
  it 's the opposite : `` i know it 's wrong , but i can hide behind others '' . 
  she really , truly is only vaguely acceptable because the alternative is trump . 
  what , no blood ? 
  `` evil scientists for a better tomorrow '' will revoke your membership if you keep talking like that !, 
  i relocated outside europe for research and ended up staying permanently . 
  but were i to return , it would absolutely be an eu country . 
  britain has been dropped from my list of future places to live . 
   any job for cardiovascular scientists ? 
  oh , another bleeding-heart immigrant story ... 
  japanese do the same thing . 
  it is , i realized , meant both as a compliment and as a way to encourage you . 
  it 's when people _ stop _ complimenting you for your language , that you 're actually becoming good . 
  and when natives start gently chiding you for grammar errors or awkward turns of phrase , you know you 're good enough that people expect you to get it right . 
  i 'm pretty sure when a second family built a farm next door to the first farm in human history , people complained about noise , price rises and how the genuine atmosphere was completely destroyed by all the newcomers . 
  it 's a kebab with pasta ? 
  interesting idea !, 
  anywhere we go in the world , we like to walk around cities . 
  we rarely bother with any castles , famous sights or anything like that ; we walk around , eat local food and drink , talk with people , soak up the atmosphere . 
  germany is great for that . 
  many cities are a fun mix of beautiful older areas and busy modern streets . 
  berlin of course , but d\u00fcsseldorf ( ahh , altbier ... ) , hamburg , m\u00fcnchen and so on are all fun to just spend a few days in . 
  other european favourites include prague , amsterdam , and - until last year - istanbul ( the religious hysteria and terror put us off ) . 
  been to paris twice but did n't enjoy it . 
  maybe a case of too-high expectations . 
  stockholm and copenhagen suffers from being too familiar to me ; other people may find them more agreeable . 
   who is to blame here are almost exclusively politicians . 
  it 's not politicians that harass their neighbours , it 's ordinary people . 
  and it 's ordinary people that respond to those politicians by voting for them in large numbers . 
  politicians and media can only fan a sentiment that is already there . 
  you need large number of perfectly ordinary , upstanding regular members of society to be bigoted racists for any of that demagoguery to work in the first place . 
  in a way , saying `` oh , it 's not us . 
  it 's those politicians/journalists/media moguls fault . 
  it 's not we , it 's _ them . _ '' is the same kind of mistake as blaming foreigners , muslims , jews , gypsies or belgians for anything that is wrong . 
  it 's abdicating responsibility . 
  we need to face up to the fact that a lot of our friends , coworkers , relatives and neighbours are bigoted assholes . 
  if there 's research money and an open environment to work in , then i do n't see why not . 
  rural people in general do n't like anybody that does n't sound or look like themselves . 
  with the majority of people living in cities today , it 's easy to forget or ignore just how arch-conservative rural areas often are . 
  sometimes i wonder if a lot of xenophobia is n't simply an exposure effect . 
  you dislike things you 're not used to in your daily life . 
  would explain why rural populations - that experience fewer things in general - are more conservative ; and why , in the brexit vote , some of the areas with the fewest foreigners were most likely to vote leave . 
  i think the point is that a few of `` the rules we signed for back in the treaty of rome '' have proved to be contraproductive fifty years later . 
  yes , moving thousands of people to strasbourg then back home every month is according to the rules . 
  but nobody thinks it makes any kind of sense any longer , the french included . 
  it 's just a giant economic and environmental sinkhole we throw stuff into every month , with no reason . 
  you missed the part of greece also becoming more like sweden in return . 
  we lost one of the top countries by size from a local intra-party power play that got far out of hand . 
  the vote was mainly about local politics , and about the local representatives for the two sides , not about the eu . 
  you know , i hear a lot about the polish people coming to britain and how everybody hates them for that . 
  but you also get swedes , danes and finns , and nobody says a bad word about them . 
  but they 're largely white , northern europeans from eu countries - just like the poles , and from a place only kilometers away . 
  the only difference between swedes in london and poles in london is , in fact , that the swedes tend to have money . 
  so the inescapable conclusion is that you do n't like swedes , or danes , or anybody else either . 
  you do like the _ money _ they bring , however , and in the interest of money you 're prepared to overlook the foreigner that comes attached to it . 
  the past few months have really clarified the attitude of britain towards other people a lot . 
  not necessarily to the benefit of gb , of course . 
  afaik , the strongest proponents of stopping the move and just pick a place already is the parliamentary members and other officials . 
  they apparently hate the hassle as much as we do . 
  as i understand , they 've even had to instate rules forcing people to actually go to strasbourg in person rather than work remotely . 
  i wish france would act grown-up about this and accept a permanent brussels location . 
  yes , some of the symbolic half-measures such as the divided parliament should be removed . 
  it 'd be a nice sign that the members are able to grow up a little and not bicker about that kind of thing . 
  let the parliament sit in brussels . 
  and yes , i think a major issue is just how much misinformation and outright lies are floating around about the eu in the member states . 
  the problem is , just another information campaign is n't going to change that . 
  what to do better ? 
  i do n't know . 
  a third thing is the half-assed integration in general . 
  i do n't know how feasible it is , but the eu members should probably decide to go all-in or all-out on a lot of areas , rather than trying to hack together an unstable compromise . 
  anything related to the euro should probably be all-in , for instance -- which would mean euro bonds and more transfers from richer members to poorer ; but also common rules on taxation , salaries and so on . 
  yes , painful . 
  and yes , expensive . 
  but in the end an economically stronger eu across the union , and -- very important -- economically stronger eu citizens across the union , not just in the wealthiest countries . 
  germany and greece may both have to sacrifice a small part of what they are , and become just a little more like each other . 
  and both will eventually be better for it .
