  the migrants do n't sink the boat they 're in . 
  thr smugglers do, 
  what country ? 
  anyway you have to bring them there one by one, 
  they who ? 
  you mean the smugglers ? 
  they ca n't back home with that boat . 
  simple as that . 
  i made [ a map ] ( http://imgur.com/ncg40ue ) about that a month ago . 
  it goes from 3,8 % to 31,5 % . 
  yet we must take in account the [ percentuage of workforce ] ( http://noitaliaexplorer.istat.it/stories/2015/xml/accessibility/2/s16i09.png ) having undeclared jobs by region . 
  never heard about that tbh, 
  eurostat uses the same methods for every country . 
  if that country does n't want them back ? 
  do you pay someone else ? 
  potential number of people from the country of the migrants which tried to reach australia . 
  if no indian or chinese has ever taken a boat to get to australia , there 's no need to count them as well . 
  remove pineapple, 
  you did n't clarify what african country should be taking them back and how, 
  and how are you sending them back to that country ( if you know which is it above all ) ? 
  and will you threat somalia to take the migrants ? 
  why should they ? 
  they are pretty desperate people . 
  they do n't think with the money gaining mentality . 
  also they may not know europe closed the borders ( what borders then , a sea ? 
  amd do you think the somali knows that europe closed the borders ? 
  as i 've already said , what if they are scammed ? 
  and sending them back it 's not that simple either . 
  i 've never heard about boats with chinese or indian people trying to reach australia . 
  nearly all the migrants do n't have money with them . 
  how are they going to pay ? 
  and how are you making them back to the port they left ? 
  with an half-sinked boat ? 
  are you joking ? 
  with the bill to pay ? 
  and do you believe they have money with them ? 
  also , what 's their country if they do n't declare it ? 
  yes , the ones exploited are mainly from ukraine , moldavia , albania or nigeria . 
  turkey is not their country of origin, 
  where are you sending them back ? 
  it 's an awful idea :p, 
  legal but not regulated . 
  organized prostitution is prohibited tho , but most of the prostitutes are indeed being exploited , they were scammed by criminal groups in their own country and told they would get a nice job in italy and once here they are forced to become prostitutes . 
  this means the prostitutes are in the cities ' streets or along the statal roads . 
  you just ca n't kill prostitution , i hope it will be regulated and brothels will be reopened and they will have to pay taxes . 
  and why someone should go to rome to ask for a pineapple pizza ? 
  seppuku is the best solution for you . 
  and what is their country of origin , if they do n't have their documents ? 
  maybe because in those countries there are better benefits and they have their relatives in ? 
  they will not stop coming if they actually want to reach europe . 
  who said if you wo n't be accepting any more migrants they will stop talking their boats ? 
  are we going to torpedo them if they try to reach lampedusa ? 
  letting alone that the potential number of migrants who could get to australia is much much smaller , this means that we 're going even to shoot the migrants and sink/ram into their boats ? 
  just make it clear . 
  if they have not way of knowing and are scammed by smugglers ? 
  and what african country is gon na take them ? 
  ok , but where do you send a them back ? 
  if they are hundreds of thousands , who 's going to pay to make them go back ? 
  you ca n't send them with the boat they came with . 
  no , they wo n't . 
  so do you want more people dying ? 
  and how are you going to close the sea ? 
  it 's not that hard to have a  $ 1mln wealth for a couple in their 50/60s if they had a well-paying job in the last decades , have always been saving a relevant part of their wage and own a decent valuable house . 
  the main problem is that most of it comes from the 80s and 90s , when our gdp was increasing quite fast too , while now the wealth it 's increasing at a very slow rate if not decreasing , for some household . 
  italian is not spoken by anyone in africa except the people whose relatives were colonists maybe, 
  someone who ? 
  do you believe the members of the hq of the french army in wwii are still alive ? 
  and what do the french of today have to do with this ? 
  americans have much higher disposable income and consumptions but are poorer in terms of median wealth per capita, 
  quality of life is personal, 
  naaah latium ca n't into padania, 
  italy is a net contributor, 
  tbh at 2013 you were the richest country in eu by gdp in ppp , after luxembourg . 
  now you may have been overtaken by ireland which was right behind you , anyway i think it 's due to the rotterdam port and the goods going through it . 
  corruption ca n't be measured . 
  did i ever mention the us ? 
  what should i insult them ? 
  do you know what * perception * means ? 
  both . 
  there are incentives for the solar panels on the roof, 
  italy has already the highest energy production from solar panels in the world as percentuage of the total energy requirement, 
  most of the 88 billions npls not covered by atlante fund will be deconsolidated through the purchase of securitizated bonds . 
  ah and could you explain better the last part of your first post ? 
  thanks for the downvote btw . 
  do you have any idea what you 're talking about ? 
  there 's nothing wrong in learning new things , the troubles come when there are people who believe the opposite and do n't lose the occasion to talk out their asses, 
  where are the roads and other infrastructures being built , in we or in eastern europe ? 
  aka net contribution . 
  there is a list about it as well, 
  merit of both the polish people and the eu . 
  respecting the common decisions taken by the eu . 
  so what , have n't all the other countries done the same thing too ? 
  and what does the capital of a member state have to do with anything ? 
  you have been victims of communism indeed and you 've made a lot of progress in these terms , but as said above one ca n't take the benefits and rejecting the other things . 
  that 'd be unfair . 
  so your aim is just to taking benefits while giving nothing back ? 
  gdp ** per capita ** is the key here . 
  wait is n't yours the flag of emilia romagna ? 
  so it was better when everyone was equally poor , commie style ? 
  instead of hating what urss was and what it did to ee countries ( which were 40 years late to western europe and the gap has still to be reduced ) are you endorsing them ?
