  germany has 210k manufacturing enterprises compared to italy 's 410k but germany 's manufacturing workers are around 8m iirc whereas in italy they are 4,6 m. 
  often these mittelstands have hundreds of millions $ of revenues and thousands of workers while in italy an enterprise with some tens of millions revenues and some hundreds of workers would be considered medium-big by most of people . 
  most of the micro factories here work as * terzisti * , ie they are suppliers of local/regional bigger enterprises who finish the product and sell or export it . 
  of course italy has a lot of hidden champions too , but the average composition/mindset of the enterprises is one of our main competitiveness problems . 
  pretty sure all the eu countries have more private assets than national debt , but you ca n't take people 's own money unless by raising taxes . 
  most of italy 's debt is italian-owned and came way before the introduction of euro though . 
  that employment and per capita worked hours grew much faster than gdp which pratically stagnated , thus resulting is a much lower gdp per hour worked . 
  portugal on the bright side has the highest employment rate among the southern european countries though , almost on par with northern italy , france and the eu average ( they also have a relatively low sex employment gap ) and dramatically higher than greece ( by almost 15 points ) and southern italy ( 20 points ) . 
  given that portugal 's gdp per capita is just slightly higher than greece and southern italy 's they get a low added value per employed person . 
  control . 
  so it was under * european control * , for a brief time in wwii ? 
  ehm no , they are the same latitude of the very north of spain at most, 
  ever heard of san marino ? 
  the sinkhole one is a great idea , hands down, 
  sometimes in the industrial zones in italy there are roundabouts with just one exit , to let trucks make u-turns in narrow streets . 
  i have yet to seen a two exits roundabout though , i do n't think they exist here tbh ... 
  most of them here have three exits , sometimes four . 
   after adopting the euro , from 2000 to 2008 , the italian gdp grew 70 % . 
  let 's say 700 % at this point . 
  stop using current prices . 
  what does aosta valley have to do with these regions though ? 
  the paradox of trucks, 
  meh , southern italy mostly gets northern italian tourists , the majority of the foreign ones stop above rome . 
  veneto for example takes alone a quarter of the foreign tourists visiting italy . 
  that 's another things southern italy has potential to get but it still does n't . 
  for the manufacturing base yes , northern italy is among the most industrialized areas in europe , in southern italy it pretty depends on the provinces/regions : for example abruzzo ( the northernmost southern region ) is more industrialized than the national average and most of europe , and there are some decent hi-tech hubs such as naples ' aerospace and pharma sectors , bari 's mechatronic and catania 's semiconductors . 
  some region started doing well , industrially speaking , in the recent years thanks to the automotive sector boom , especially basilicata with its fca melfi 's plant that has hired 1800 people just in 2015 . 
  yet it 's still too little , most of the provinces there have little to no manufacturing base ; add that to an underdeveloped service sector and you get low added value and low employment rates . 
  if it interests you , i once mad a [ map ] ( http://i.imgur.com/kmnpcj8.png ) of the share of maufacturing employment as % of the workforce ( on the left ) and change of the share compared to 2008 ( on the right ) . 
  let 's clarify that 25 % of the total italian muslim population is in lombardy , not that a quarter of lombardy 's population is muslim :p, 
  if milan was ruled the same way as southern italy it would n't be probably the milan of today , so yes . 
  about veneto ... that was in 1960s . 
  if they lived above different states for a long time there will be socio-cultural differences between them , i do n't see as geography could be a more correct division . 
   so milan should be southern too because it was under the spanish and apulia northern because it was ruled by schwabians ?? 
  milan was ruled relatively few time from the spanish , same goes for apulia and the schwabians . 
  latium was with the church 's state and abruzzo with the kingdom of two sicilies , it does n't mean much they are side by side . 
  it 's not half of marche , looks like just the [ province of ascoli piceno ] ( http://static.fanpage.it.s3.amazonaws.com/scienzefanpage/wp-content/uploads/2014/07/dialetti-italiani.png ) . 
  abruzzo is imho a `` bridge region '' between the centre and south , mixing elements of both . 
  it 's , in most of the cases , considered south . 
  latium , on other hand , is definitely centre . 
  stop wasting your datas on porn videos , finland / s, 
  in italy the news are saying that this truck from stettin was loaded in italy and in berlin , where it had to unload , was hijacked . 
  and the person who died is the polish trucker while the terrorist was arrested . 
  is this true ? 
  they have italian citizenship so yes they are , by definition . 
   you rarely have a year when everything is going smoothly and no sector has difficulties sure , but if that could be avoided ... 
  in absolute terms , yes . 
  but not every sector is touched by the sanctions and some got badly hit , especially the textile/clothing , leather , footwear and furniture sectors where i am pretty sure russia used to be in the top 3 export partners . 
  italy as a whole might not feel anything , but definitely some industrial districts do . 
   the mean suicide rate overall rose by 35 % between 2010 and 2012 this map is using 2012 datas indeed , the greek rate is low for southern europe too . 
  because that 's what this statistics is about, 
  we are talking about citizens ' consumer spending , not companies ', 
  you should look at [ private household debt ] ( http://www.macrobusiness.com.au/wp-content/uploads/2015/01/egan_soos_04.png ) , luxembourg fares rather well . 
  since always ? 
  illegaly occupied yes but still pratically part of the urss, 
  that 's what the employer has to pay for you , that 's not even the gross wage . 
  you 're around the average of eastern europe , for a start you have only a couple of dark blue provinces . 
  spain has substantial differents too ; in both the countries the north is much richer than the south . 
  well we have a car tax too which is about $ 800-2000 a year depends on the model of course, 
  this aims to be valid for as many people as possible , not just the ones with good professions . 
  eastern europe has a huge gap with the west , but it 's slowly getting smaller . 
  gfk made the map , not me . 
  you earn much more in paris too . 
  we have the most expensive fuel in europe , hands off, 
  are the dutch people happy with that ? 
  blah blah , they give their datas to eurostat . 
  that 's not gdp per capita but disposable income . 
  eastern germany ca n't catch up with the western part in such a short time range , it 's just impossible . 
  the baltic were always the richest part of urss . 
  ok , your taxes are really exceptionally high for europe though . 
  it 's an exception ( to favour the non-petrol cars afaik ? 
  ) , most of eu countries are n't as high as you . 
  numbeo is an unreliable site . 
  in general the prices for such goods are similar all over europe , if anything for example they are often cheaper in germany than in poorer countries . 
  they just ca n't give datas , nothing political . 
  fair enough , i was confused . 
  electronic goods and cars for example have already the same prices everywhere though . 
  increase wages ? 
  that 's gfk 's measurement , not mine . 
   a more useful metric would be hours of work necessary to buy a big mac , or something which has the same price everywhere , most of things are cheaper in poorer countries . 
  even the rural areas break the dark red level apparently, 
  correlation does not imply causation . 
  switzerland and norway are n't superich because they are not part of the eu nor the uk will become fully dark red because it is going to leave the union . 
  that may have to do with sterling 's swings . 
  i do n't think , i am sorry . 
  exactly, 
  why ? 
  the datas are collected the same way for everyone . 
  also come on , portugal is n't that poor . 
  the name gaddafi gave them :d, 
  gdp = / = income gdp ppp = / = income ppp, 
  the pp depends on wage , taxes , cost of life . 
  a quarter of the irish population lives near dublin which is red in the map . 
  also why do you consider orange and dark yellow worth of a developing country lol , what is dark blue worth of for you then ? 
  they are definiely higher than the european average . 
  poor for austrian standards , though . 
  that 's gdp per capita . 
  anyway , most of the dutch population live in the dark * orange * ( well , they are dutch after all ) provinces , with a pp substantially higher than the european average . 
  may it be because eastern austria is really rich despite having higher prices ? 
  pooteen 's one i guess ?
