  we 're not talking just about the banks moving their hqs - it might happen for a few of them , ( not a lot surely ) , but in which city their new eu hqs will be . 
  mister obvious . 
   no country has centralized political and economic power all into one city like the uk has . 
  france ? 
  yes but they are proportioned to the total population though, 
  london has 8,5 m inhabitants , the next big financial center by population is paris with 2,2 m inhabitants . 
  anyway nobody is saying london will turn into a 3rd city , it 's just that his financial relevance in europe will surely shrink a bit edit : forgot `` m '' . 
  no ^ / s jokes aside , their project is dead , they had something like 4 % at national level in 2011 , losing some of their strongholds in northern italy , such as milan , the bigger lombard and piedmontese cities and treviso in veneto , regiob core of the lega where they took 43 % in 2001 elections , under the slogans `` roma ladrona '' ( thieving rome ) and `` padroni a casa nostra '' ( master in our own house ) . 
  now , salvini turned it into a nationalist anti-immigration party all over the country and has around 15 % but for sure will never rule the nation, 
  catolonia is in spain ... they wanted the indipedence for * padania * ( northern and central italy ) but the project ended up 5 years ago , now they are the useless copy of fn . 
  italy and the netherlands do n't even allow such referendums ... 
  it has nothing to do indeed , it 's just a comparison , you have the right to think it 's wrong but that is . 
  this article does n't mention the eventuality of an economic crisis , it just states that today such billions in value were lost . 
   because the markets were expecting a remain victory . 
  alright , that 's what the article talks about, 
  have you read the article ? 
  it has been lost # 125 billion in value , the article says that indeed . 
  the author chose to make the comparison with the money uk gave to the eu . 
  the stocks have fallen today , then if you believe the comparison to be wrong write to the author, 
   that - # 125 billion will change tomorrow anyway , likely over time it will recover and go into positive territory that 's debatable . 
  this article talks about how much have the uk stocks lost today because of brexit . 
  government 's revenues have nothing to do with this . 
  at what level the ftse 100 is compared to months ago does n't matter , if leave had n't won this would not have happened at all . 
  then it lost # 125 billions ? 
  it does , while it does n't export a lot over there a lot of banks have their hq in london to have access to the whole of the eu . 
  italy ca n't hold a referendum on international treaties such as the eu by constitution, 
  daytime is beginning here , and when it was fully dark i could n't even see the stars due to light pollution :( \\ #thuglife, 
  sterling is devaluating , it 's going down, 
  sterling reached the record low of $ 1,397 few minutes ago, 
  wrong reply ? 
  never said it makes you smarter - but people with degrees tend to informate themselves more so they 're less likely to believe to everything . 
  globalisation is inevitable . 
  it helped a lot uk 's powerful financial sector in the last two decades . 
  everyones does , it 's just that the more uneducated people tend to have a much higher tendency to believe to lies and misinformation - in every country . 
   people with degrees tend to vote remain who 'd have thought that, 
  that 's the population - is n't the estimated turnout around 30-31 million people ? 
   will pound go down ? 
  it 'd make 16 september 1992 look like a successful day for the world 's economy but euro will go down too , eh, 
  personal curiosity , he pratically would have to renegotiate with the eu and his position would be too weak compared to the pro-leave tories such as boris johnson, 
  but ... if leavers won , would cameron resign , by any chance ? 
  good news to the remainers are coming from london - the votes gap is getting smaller . 
   passed on without comment : ex wife of mp robert syms says she 'll streak naked round portcullis house if leave win ok , let 's go leave ^ ^ / s, 
  hope everything is okay now ... but now it 's too late : <, 
  54 % is not a small margin ... 
  but are n't most of londoners pretty close to their own polling station ? 
  yes i am reading now . 
  it 's lower than expected and the leavers are winning for now - you need to begin getting decent victories in bigger cities to invert the trend ... 
  seems like a lot of cities are voting to leave , we 'll see how much have the remainers got in london , they 'll make the difference . 
  it 's gon na be a long night . 
  was n't that uruguay ? 
  anyway , that 's not for sure a merit of pinochet , considering that the country has been ruled by the centre-left since the fall of the dictatorship . 
  pd , anyway it 'll be amusing to see how m5s will be able to manage a city like rome , seeing the troubles they already got in livorno . 
  well , let 's not judge raggi now , we 'll see if she 'll be able to make things change in rome which is already strangled by a $ 13bn debt , not to mention the other questions . 
   a major force ( forza italia ) seems missing literally . 
  in the major cities , they only took trieste but lost varese , which has always been a centre-right 's stronghold . 
  they took turin too by the way . 
  pd kept milan and bologna . 
  where did you get those numbers from ? 
  anyway , you 're confusing organized crime with common tax avoidance , which has little in common with the first . 
  tendency to tax evasion is way higher in the south , especially calabria where the shadow economy as % of gdp is 35 % ( much more than greece ) , while in lombardy it 's 10 % ( slightly less than germany ) . 
  we did too , it was useless . 
  world happiness report is an index based on a lot of economic factors , it has little to do with * feeling happy * itself . 
  yes / s seriously , is there a map about us states by gdp ppp ? 
  i did n't find it, 
  us nominal gdp per capita is the same as its gdp per capita in ppp, 
  have you understood anything about my comment ? 
  it 's already in ppp, 
  the funny thing is that just as early as 2009 it would have been a totally different ranking : things can change very fast . 
  a shit-ton of companies have their hqs over there ... 
  what gross wage ? 
  the fiscal pressure should be part of the shadow economy ? 
  is it hard to understand that out of $ 1600bn ( the gdp of italy ) an amount equivalent to the 43 % of it is collected through taxes ? 
  false , the fiscal pressure as % of gdp is the tax revenue , not the theoretical tax burden . 
  simply , the country needs these money to avoid serious financial crisis and cuts , considering italy spends every year 5 % of its gdp on debt interests ( more than any other eu country ) . 
  they are the cities where there have been terrorist attacks, 
  did n't know !, 
  til, 
  other way around, 
  what 's your definition of a city ? 
  should we have tens ot thousands of indipedent cities ? 
  every city seems exaggerated , would n't it be better using nuts-2 regions ? 
  it 's poor for western standard , but it 's not that underdeveloped compared to other parts of europe, 
  eu funds have nothing to do with credits and loans . 
  pratically you 're saying that eu is to blame for corruption inside your politicians ? 
  true that but you 'd have definitely less money for projects and infrastructures , though, 
  what a character :d, 
  in the map you posted countries are as big as their gdp , but the richer regions are n't bigger than the poorer ones , so you 're saying it should be regionalized . 
  i ca n't get how is not per-capita measurement not useful ... edit : spell, 
  definitely the romanian berlusconi . 
  or he was arrested at 4:20 . 
  is radu maz\u0103re rolling a joint ? 
  when an economy is still underdeveloped it grows a lot , look at the african countries now or china , which used to have insane growth rates until its economy started being relatively developed . 
  a slower but still robust growth , i.e. 
  the 3 % poland has been doing these years is great . 
   we do n't just want to show how much people pay , but also how many pay it . 
  per capita , pratically . 
  what does the population density have to do with all of this ? 
  what loans from germany ? 
  also , is croatia joining the euro actually a thing ? 
  it 's not like all of those money can be stolen by night , the eu controls them,
