  but sometimes it 's more perfect than nominal , and this is one of the cases . 
  false and false , where have you read it on daily mail ? 
  south tyrol is 62 % german ( then most of the other inhabitants know german too but do n't speak it as first language ) , the bigger towns have italian-speaking majority after the italianization which happened 80-90 years ago , with mussolini as head of state . 
  but right now things have stabilized , the two communities live rather well together , south tyrol often is involved in actions with the austrian tyrol and the austrian governemnt . 
  what kind of economic troubles does south tyrol have with italy ? 
  they are allowed to have autonomies other regions would die for ... and they are not going to give up any power either to italy or to any other country, 
   i am measuring absolute growth based on productivity if the growth is based on currency swings , it 's not based on productivity and nominal gdp is not a measure of it . 
  also we could argue if the gdp can measure the real productivity , if your gdp comes almost entirely from oil for example and you 're rich because of it , what productivity are we talking about ? 
   i am making a comparison using absolute growth projections okay . 
  it 's a fact that several estimates stated the uk could overtake germany 's gdp ppp per capita in the next 5-10 years and overtake germany 's gdp ppp in 2030s , but those estimates were made before the brexit thing and have nothing to do with currency prices . 
   not a comparison of how much it costs to make a thing in a country or purchase a thing outside of the country . 
  neither am i doing , but you have to use ppp to avoid currency swings . 
   i think some of the confusion comes when you see a statement like `` the economy of x shrank '' , but what i mean is `` the value of the economy is worth less '' and what you might read is `` the amount of business being done is less '' . 
  alright . 
  but an average citizen could n't care less about the value of an economy , he 's interested in real economy and in an higher amount of business which ca n't be faked by currency swings . 
  but it 's not like that 's the real richness produced , you know , then it 's not more accurate at all . 
  you are confusing currency prices with the real economy . 
  nobody would say the uk gdp have shrunk if the nominal gdp goes down because of gbp drop and not because of an actual recession . 
  russia 's nominal gdp in 2014 was the size of italy , now it 's roughly the size of spain , 30-35 % lower than it was . 
  do you * actually * think the economic activites in russia have shrunk by such percentuage in the last year ? 
  no , of course not , because they have n't . 
  russia 's economic activies became 3 % smaller , that 's it . 
  look at the [ exchange rates ] ( http://ec.europa.eu/eurostat/statistics-explained/images/0/0c/exchange_rates_and_price_level_indices_for_aic%2c_2012-2015_%28eu-28%3d100%29vjune.png ) used by eurostat , and that 's eur/gbp , without taking in account usd given that eur got underpriced towards the usd too like i said in the other reply . 
  look even at the prices level indices , cost of life in the uk became 13 % more expensive in a couple of years or everything is skewed by the currency swings ? 
  the dollar value of the economy in this case does n't represent how much the economy produces , for what said above . 
  uk actually had an [ higher gdp per capita ppp ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/4/40/gdp_per_capita_big_four_western_europe.png ) than germany , so it was richer than germany in terms of real economical activities ; that was in 2004/2005 , then since 2007 uk gdp per capita ppp has declined to recover around 2013-2014 , while germany 's already recovered in 2011 and then kept growing steadily . 
  if all you wan na said is that uk nominal gdp per capita is higher than germany 's in dollar value and whatever it means it 's okay , but if you write that britain is richer than germany in terms of real economy , no , that 's not true . 
  edit : just to make an example . 
  uk nominal gdp fell to 7th place in the world from the 5th it was , being overtaken by france and india . 
  this does n't mean the uk real economy shrank , not at all , not yet . 
  for instance , now uk nominal gdp per capita is lower than france 's because of that , yet the uk still has an higher gdp ppp than france both per capita and in raw terms : you should be looking at that , the uk is still richer than france in terms of real economy ( i always have to use this word to avoid misunderstanding ) . 
  i myself often prefer using nominal over gdp ppp , but that 's one of the case you should be looking at gdp ppp , because of currency swings . 
  britain has n't an higher gdp per capita than germany , the nominal gdp per capita in usd is higher because eur got underpriced towards the usd while gbp did n't . 
  you 'll see that in 2016 nominal gdp per capita the uk will be way lower than 2015 ( unless gbp returns to 23 june 's level - i doubt it ) but this does n't mean the uk real gdp has shrunk , that 's due to currency swings , just like what happened to russia these two past years as rub lost over 30 % in value and so did their economy - the latter is false of course , they shrank just by 3 % . 
  this is one of the cases you should be looking at gdp per capita ppp . 
  that graph shows that during the 80s the unemployment rate raised from 6 % to 10 % , so we could say that the average was around 8 % . 
  are you trolling me ? 
  if anything that confirms what i said . 
  fyi italy averaged 8-9 % unemployment rate in the 80s . 
  afaik they send surveys to tens of thousands people every month . 
  edit : spelling, 
  but sweden has right now the most robust economy in the eu , part of the recover in germany after the first 2000s crisis is due to the mini-jobs for instance . 
  of course there have been mistakes with the euro , but quitting it it 's not wise either . 
  from this fiscal union ... what 'd one gain ? 
  armonized tax rates , same tax institution , negative fiscal residuals for the countries in distress and the like ? 
  in italy they are mostly inactive people, 
  they are calculated the same way everywhere though, 
  that 's ilo unemployment . 
  it 's calculated the same way in every country . 
   if you look at those countries with 75 % employment rate , virtually not a single one has an uer of 10 % . 
  yes i know , i just made a bad example . 
   no , this is a myth that nations tell themselves when they 've failed . 
  yes and no . 
  while italy did n't prepare itself for the globalization , the logic of the stable job in europe has been dying in the past 15 years . 
  countries with good labour markets , such as germany , the uk and the netherlands , have respectively mini-jobs , zero-hours contracts and a lot of workforce employed part-time . 
  france is about to reduce workers ' rights too . 
   considering that most economists can not even predict a recession a year before it hits , i would be vary with making forecasts that far into the future . 
  they did n't make an esteem , just calculated the time to recover to pre-crisis level at about 0,8 % / year gdp/capita growth rate , everyone could have been able to do that though . 
   if the eurozone does not do fiscal integration , i 'd seriously consider going back to the lira sorry but what do you mean by saying `` fiscal integration '' ? 
  that taxes should be unified at ez-wide level , that we 'd have special tax reliefs , that germany would give us handouts a bit like the eu cohesion funds now ? 
  our exports are going well even with the euro , they just have slowed lately because of the bric countries ' slowdown ( well , india is doing well but we have low amount of trade with them , to be a country that is going to have higher gdp growth rates than china and i doubt they will be faked , same could n't be said about the chinese ) , particularly russia and its sanctions , yet with the us they are skyrocketing ( in 2015 they grew by 21 % , in some years if there will be slightly worse but still decent growth rates the us is going to overtake france as our 2nd biggest export market after germany ) , maybe with the lira they would be increasing even faster , but real economy is one side of the medal , the finance is the another one and we ca n't at all sustain our own currency with the interests we have to pay ( italy has the largest expenses for debt interests as % of the gdp in the eu , 5 % or over $ 70 billions ) , let alone that we just have n't room for monetary expansionary policies like in the 80s . 
   yeah , but living with your parents is n't a good thing for social reasons . 
  the reason why scandinavians are not living with their parents have nothing to do with the accumulation of private debt . 
  yes , i said just a part of them in italy do that to save money . 
  for the houses , you should build a lot of them straightaway , you have the customers , it wo n't end up like spain , and especially go up in height . 
  at most they may lose a small share of workers , no way the agencies will shrink in numbers , the fields they operate on do n't go out together with the uk . 
  they have to thank fiat car plant in melfi , their gdp actually grew by 5,5 % in 2015 because of it, 
  despite the crisis greece is still way better off than the central balkans countries though . 
  gotcha , basically the inactive people are n't included . 
   that does n't make any sense . 
  the average joe is interested in a strong labour market . 
  what 's the best way he can find out ? 
  he should look at employment rates . 
  of course . 
  but if you have country a 75 % employment rate with 10 % unemployement and country b with 65 % employement rate with 5 % unemployment , a is for sure healthier but if you wan na get a job asap you 'll may have an easier time in b , less people competing for it . 
   employment rate is nothing about `` shape '' . 
  i do n't understand why you keep insisting on using this obsolete phrase . 
  it 's all about the health of the labour market . 
  sorry , i used shape as a synonym of health . 
  i meant the latter . 
   you 'll see that italy is far behind the u.s. on employment rates . 
  in fact , the only two countries doing worse is croatia and greece and croatia 's employment rate is increasing more than 2x faster than yours , so in a year or two , you 'd likely be next to last together with greece . 
  i thought we were already the last after greece , to be honest . 
  and maybe i did not make myself clear enough , i was talking about employment rate ** change ** during the past 8 years , not empoyment rate itself . 
   there 's also quite a bit of learning on the job in germany which is often lacking in latin europe , and that helps those with below-average skills . 
  yes here you 're fully right . 
  a reason germany is able to make people without tertiary education get a job so easily is the manufacturing , btw both germany and italy have the highest share of people employed in the manufacturing in western europe , but you 'll find out that in germany the added value per employed in manufacturing is in line with the national average if not even higher , while in italy it lags way behind the added value of the employed in services/trade . 
  this is another structural problem that lies with our historical low and mid hi-tech manufacturing vocation . 
   yeah , this underlines that the structural reforms in italy that are requires can not be ducked by blaming the south ( a national pasttime in northern italy ) . 
  northern league now wants to get southern votes as well , that was the 90s pastime :p  which is incredibly low . 
  anything below 65 % is not really great . 
  70 % is strong and 75 % or more is world class . 
  italy should certainly not be doing worse than france ( at 64-65 % ) . 
  i know , that 's due to the inactivity . 
  some provinces in tuscany are already above the 2008 's peak yet they are in relative worse conditions than 8 years ago because they lost richness in the meantime and youngs still have an hard time finding a job unlike a decade ago ; the resilience we had in avoiding huge negative changes in the employment rate is because the over 55 year-old employed have skyrocketed during the crisis at young people 's expense . 
  also , the five star movement says `` look at the french , they fight for their rights but we did n't , shame !!, 
  ! 11 '' , but france , despite always being a rich country ofc , has been doing poorly in the recent years and a labour market 's reform is needed , the idea of the stable job with a lot of high social securities disappeared with the globalization . 
   nominal gdp should not be measured in current prices , which i assume you are doing , since you say it will `` hardly recover '' while in reality you 've already started to see growth . 
  we 're growing , the recover is a fact , but it 's too slow compared to [ what we have lost ] ( http://www.confartigianato.it/wp-content/uploads/2016/02/us_08022016_5hr.png ) . 
  this map uses 2010 euro prices .
