  i know and the deflation risk is still huge , but ecb has been taking the right steps to fairly increase the inflation in the coming months . 
  as usual , the mystifications ' festival . 
  how come south tyrol [ ranks at the top ] ( http://i.imgur.com/vvo7as7l.jpg ) all over the europe when it comes to quality of regional government ? 
  did n't italy drag them down ? 
  how come south tyrol has a 3,8 % unemployment ? 
  were n't they oppressed by rome 's bureaucracy ? 
  have there even been a corruption scandal in south tyrol ? 
  they are almost corruption-free as most of northern italy , or maybe do you believe in an unadjusted report based on perception for italy as a whole ? 
  also you may be right in some points , but south tyrol is an autonomous region . 
  they are not affected by the things you wrote . 
  fiscal pressure is high as in the rest of italy , but they can keep their money amd use them wisely to ensure high quality services to the citizens . 
  so they get a lot of things back from the tax they paid . 
  if anything , regions like lombardy or veneto that keep less than 40 % of their tax revenue should complain . 
  not south tyrol . 
  and south tyrol is already one of the richest provinces in europe , with a gdp per capita over 40k eur . 
  also , with milan province , they have been the only italian province which kept growing even during the crisis . 
  how come ? 
  did n't italy exploit them ? 
  letting alone that the government in rome does n't affect south tyrol , svp has always ruled south tyrol and they have nearly always been in the central government coalitions too for 70 years . 
  and they are part of renzi government now . 
  have you finished or have you got other bs ? 
  if it 's the second one , go to pour out them in some nationalist forums or in yt comments , this is a civilized thread . 
  i bet you 've never been to south tyrol nor got out your bedroom , unlike the other austrians here what would be the actual benefits of south tyrol leaving italy ? 
  take a while before answering , i would n't want to put pressure on your brain functions, 
  i know . 
  i did n't say it 's a fault , but as you said , it 's a cultural thing . 
  americans have higher incomes , but they have huge spendings , and [ quite high personal debt ] ( http://cdn.static-economist.com/sites/default/files/imagecache/full-width/images/2013/05/articles/main/20130601_inc715.png ) , even though it 's relatively low compared to some european nations , when adjusted to disposable income . 
  i found a map of [ the average family 's spending for country ] ( http://i.imgur.com/kzwyapa.png ) btw , not the same of this article . 
  also the americans spend the equivalent of over 70 % of their gdp , compared to less than 60 % for the major western european nations . 
  in general americans tend to enjoy more their life in terms of spending and consume a lot , while italians ( mentality taken from our grandparents , who were poor farmers and lived the war and know what it means , also a constant fear of the future ) or the french are more frugal , and they have indeed almost three times the american median wealth per capita . 
  i do n't think a certain model to be right and the other one to be wrong . 
  really depends on what you like and want to . 
  have you read the article ? 
  migrants will just go through the forests , like they did a year ago when france closed the ventimiglia/menton border . 
  great idea btw , but who 's going to pay for the economic damage as 5-6000 trucks/day will be blocked in queues at the border everyday ? 
  and no italy wo n't be the only country being damaged from this . 
  no surprise , there is an huge difference in the local administration of the two cities . 
  in florence and the rest of tuscany a relevant part of the comunal or regional administration is n't corrupt and leaked or friend to `` someone '' , unlike rome and lazio as a whole . 
  americans have more consumptions because of higher disposable income , yet they have more personal debt , and western europeans are in general wealthier . 
  both us both europe can be great places to live in , depends on what you want to . 
  in italy the theoretical minimum age it 's 13 , ** if ** the other partner is n't older than 16 . 
  yeah i think that as well / s, 
  since when eastern europe pays for the greek debt ? 
  well i think it 's adjusted to the cost of life however, 
  only ? 
  how much do life cost in canada ? 
  do pensioners have special benefits ? 
  edit : just checked . 
  canada is cheaper than italy :p, 
  paris region is one of the richest areas in europe , but part of their richness comes from the companies operating in the whole of france and having their hqs there . 
  i do n't think they could be independent and alone , their economy is mostly based on services , they are not like bavaria/flanders/lombardy / catalonia which could stand alone , as such regions ' economy is strong on its own and they have a lot of industries . 
  unless we are n't going to make a single currency for every 10-15 million people :p, 
  no , exports are going very well recently . 
  the problem is the domestic market . 
  maybe not france tho . 
  they do n't have huge regional differences . 
  with their trend our unemployment rate will go under the french one in a few months : <, 
  germany too of course , they are the first manufacture in europe after all , we 're the second one . 
  germany is much more famous than us because they produce a lot of goods they sell directly to people ( bosch , bmw , daimler , siemens and the list is a looot longer ) while we do n't have famous companies ( except fiat , ferrero , barilla and few others , if you are n't specialized in any field , otherwise we have quite important steel/furniture/mechatronic / textile industries ) but an huge industrial fabric made up by 400k manufacturing industries mostly operating * off-stage * , selling their goods to other bigger industries : the famous german companies buy a lot of parts of cars/appliances from the factories in northern italy , that 's why germany is our first trade partner and if their economy does good northern italy will be advantaged too, 
  where have you been ? 
  are n't you busy lurking on r/italy ? 
   so as the emphasis moved to services , italy was ill equipped to keep up . 
  this . 
  we 've always had a problem with the tertiary sector and we 're the western eu country with the highest percentuage of workforce employed in the secondary sector . 
  the hearth of our economy has always been the manufacturing and it 's hard to change it . 
  without manufacturing , it 's not italy anymore btw . 
  i was referring to [ this ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/construction#list_of_countries_by_the_largest_output_in_construction ) . 
  in 2015 , you get to have pratically the same construction output as italy despite having a smaller gdp . 
  construction sector fell even here btw , luckily we did n't have a bubble like yours and we did n't rely too much on constructions ; an important builder entrepreneur near my home failed , for example , and had to sell his house . 
  now he 's just a bricklayer . 
  construction ( together with some tertiary sector ) is one of the sector where people are still losing jobs , but job gaining in manufacturing makes the unemployement go down , at least in my region . 
  our [ manufacturing output ] ( http://www.nationmaster.com/country-info/stats/industry/gross-value-added-by-manufacturing ) is definitely higher than yours , so construction are for sure the reason you have a bigger secondary sector as % of gdp imho, 
  yes , [ my bad ] ( http://data.worldbank.org/indicator/si.pov.gini ) , maybe i was referring to outdated maps . 
  anyway i do n't think it 's only a geographic division , but individual one as well geographically we have the biggest gap , but when it comes to spain catalonia is quite rich too . 
  well here it 's at least $ 15-20 :d, 
  i though we had an higher gini index than spain tbh, 
  what do you mean ? 
  it 's just a way to get all blue circles, 
  anyway remember that secondary sector = / = manufacturing output great part of your % comes from the construction sector , and despite the crisis i think spain is one of the country with the biggest construction output as % of gdp, 
  historically ( 70s - 00s ) , italian gdp per capita has been higher than the english one and some years than the french one , more or less the same as west germany . 
  then something happened , and meanwhile you 've been growing very very fast and pratically killed the gap . 
  edit : spelling, 
  that 's nominal gdp tho, 
   circumstances can vary greatly , i suppose . 
  exactly . 
  if for example the workers just have to produce goods , they may have not a huge need to talk to each other about things regarding work , if they are managers or accounting/logistic responsibles they 'll have . 
   we 'd talk about the process of improvement and prevention over lunch or coffee as i said , i doubt a common worker will talk about such things :p, 
  i agree for the last part , but respecting the law means also having common sense . 
  would you dump something in the roadside because you take advantage from it or would n't you do it just because you break the law ? 
  first than everything , you do n't do it because of the common sense . 
   not dealing with the emotional trauma of killing/injuring someone is n't a moral issue because there may be times when a person considers the benefit of doing so advantageous that 'd mean you have no ethics, 
  well the law does n't cover everything of the everyday life . 
  there will be things you wo n't do because of your personal moral/ethics ( ie * i also do not want to deal with the emotional trauma of killing/injuring another person in an attempt to save time * as you said ) . 
   i do n't do the thing because it 's a law that i am supposed to follow and i do n't want to get charged and fined for breaking it respecting the law imply having common sense and having common sense imply respecting the law . 
  there are things i do or i do n't not because i have to respect a peace of paper such is a law , but because of civic/common sense . 
  so what ? 
  if one paid you to do such things would you do it ? 
  not doing a thing because there 's not benefit for you is n't just selfish , it 's apathetic indifference so do n't you stop your car at the pedestrian crossing because there 's no benefit for you and that will make you waste time ? 
  * remove barbarians *, 
  ah , then depends on what 's your job , as i said .
