  it 's mostly lecce 's province . 
  density is around 300 people/km ^ 2 , not that much compared to other parts of italy which are well above 1000/km ^ 2 people but still over 3 times the eu average, 
  the terrorists who attacked both in paris and brussels were france and belgium-raised . 
  they born there . 
  2 ) a sea ca n't be secured . 
  3 ) if the eu asks you to take your share of refugees , you do it . 
  or at least you have the dignity of refuse the money eu gives you . 
  i 'm talking about accepting the refugees identified by brussels . 
  you only have to take what they ask you to take . 
  and a lot of other countries than the ones you wrote about as well . 
   italy is probably among the top in this regard though . 
  sources ? 
  ah sure because the other countries had n't their bonds bought by ecb, 
  in 2010 the `` i '' did n't mean italy . 
  italy was included in 2011 when berlusconi resigned because the debt was considered hardly-manageable . 
  yet italy was never bailed out by foreign institutions . 
  italy was never bailed out ... 
  you have to start with something ... 
  blue banana < 3 incredible the difference between france and spain, 
  2,7 % growth is not sarcasm . _ . 
  i 'm not talking about accepting everyone . 
  i criticize the fact that the eastern european countries are refusing to take their share of refugees , identified by the eu, 
  i 'm not talking about accepting everyone but about every country taking its share of refugees , identified by the eu, 
   eu is not a democratic institution why ? 
  the nwo ? 
  you forgot a / s , i guess :d  estonian mass media always tie together both eu and nato membership . 
  because of your tensions with russia ? 
  why do you wan na get out the eu ? 
  what does eu have to do with nato and the us ? 
  few developed large economies had such a stable growth in the recent years - for sure due to the 2008 crisis and the global slowdown but pratically only us , australia and partially canada had decent growth rates in the last 6-7 years, 
  a stable 2-3 % growth in a highly developed economy is great, 
  uk 's gdp was n't growing that fast in the 60s and the 70s ( due to the deindustrialization , i guess ) , but in the last two decades ( boom of the service sector ... ) they had over twice the average growth rate of western europe, 
  northern italy blended the southern and central european elements ( the latters mostly in the north-east , until few years ago people used to have dinner at 7 pm ), 
  beach pls to me 2,7 % ( the eu projection for greece ) is veeeeery fast , considering italy does n't see an higher growth since 2000, 
  i do n't get why people keep talking of the past , about things that sadly happened to judge other countries . 
  for example blaming germany of the war , like if the germans of today are hitler-supporters who wants to conquer all europe ; and the same goes for france and the uk when it comes to the help they did n't give . 
  what polish army did is really admirable , do n't get me wrong - but it happened almost 80 years ago . 
  the current governements and taxpayers of these countries have n't got any responsability to pay for the direct and not damage of their predecessors . 
  i support sending funds to eastern europe to help you developing to reach the western standards after what the urss did to you , but you guys have to follow the common decisions taken by the institution you became part of 12 years ago too . 
  the money you are taking are n't subject to any moral responsibility . 
  nice to see that greece is growing so fast, 
  alright !, 
  what are you referring to , then ? 
  if it ended up in a civil war , for sure it was n't a proper democratic institution . 
  you can have a referendum about it . 
  if 51 % ( i.e. 
  the majority ) wants to remain in the eu your country remains in the eu , that 's how democracy and the referendums work , it 's not like i invented them tonight . 
  but europe is n't yugoslavia . 
  you do n't feel the eu suits for you ? 
  get out !, 
  it 's free and safe . 
  once again , the countries which are now refusing to take their share of refugees were n't forced to join the eu ( just like everyone else ) and also they are the ones that are right now taking the eu funds as well , while talking about `` self-determination '' . 
  apparently you 're not :d, 
  they just went through croatia . 
  the problem as a whole was n't fixed, 
  \u266b * there 's no one that knows it * \u266b, 
  cats = miao miao dogs = bau bau cows = muuuuuu sheeps = beheheheh ducks = qu\u00e0 qu\u00e0 roosters = chicchirich\u00ec pigs = oink oink horses = hiiiii birds = pio pio donkeys = ih-oh ih-oh frogs = cra cra snakes = ssshss, 
  it 's like the tenth times in 24 hours this news is posted, 
  it 's not humiliating : they are actually taking the eu funds . 
  nobody forced anyone to join the eu in first place and either you stop taking money or you accept the decisions taken by the eu , accepting refugees included . 
  you can not have your cake and eat it . 
  are you stealing the jerb to u/canthearyoubot ? 
  * vaffanculo . 
  yes , it 's the same for every country . 
  would you rather use unemployment rate if your inactive population is always growing and skewing the real stats ? 
  is there something of predefined that looks like austria and something that looks like italy ? 
   unemployment figures are usually a load of bullshit if anything that 's much more valid for the us than for europe . 
  employment rate ( arguably the best way to measure the health of a labour market ) in the european union is at a record high , employment rate in the us is still quite far from 2007 levels and even further from the peak reached in the first half of 2000 . 
  no need to , bombardier has a plant in vado ligure . 
  maybe maintenance for some pieces/parts ? 
  the alstom trains for the italian market are made in savigliano, 
  that 's an extremely simplistic explanation to say the least . 
  consumptions in italy have declined compared to 2007 , but by 4 % , the domestic demand is all but destroyed . 
  also imports of goods is already to pre-crisis level , for instance . 
  the reason for italy 's high trade and current account balance is that italian exports have been among the fastest growing in the ez in the last 6-7 years and that the huge energy deficit ( that has always dragged down italy 's trade balance ) has fallen a lot because of much lower prices - less domestic consumptions surely have a role generally speaking but it 's a secondary one . 
  i fully understand you . 
  but things have started to change for the better , let 's hope they keep going nice !, 
   where we can find another investing bubble in the housing sector is n't pretty nice that the real estate and construction sectors have woken up ? 
  just be careful not to recreate another bubble like 10-15 years ago :d pretty sure the gdp is calculated everywhere in the same way in europe . 
  also spain 's public debt is stagnating . 
   but still most jobs created are temporal , with low wages , and require low qualification . 
  in part fair enough , but that seems more like an european trend , for sure it does n't happen only in spain or in southern europe . 
  sadly it would be a dream to create such an high amount of jobs with most of them being high added value and well-paying ones ...  i 'd say that we are growing , yes , but the situation is very fragile and we did n't fix almost none of our structural problems . 
  of course , but do n't be so negative :d, 
  what is boosting the growth then ? 
  in the last three years spain has created over 1,5 m jobs , are n't we allowed to say that 's great ? 
   the growth of the spanish economy is just painfully slow . 
  \\  3 % is slow ? 
  the growth rate of the number of employed people in spain is also doing great , some people leaving the country and inactive people are n't affecting it at all . 
  that 's very likely to happen . 
  that 's not true , the rise of inactive people this month is not a long-term trend ( as it 's literally the opposite ) and you can not justify the drop in unemployment only because of that , considering the number of employed people is also rising . 
  italy lost half a million of inactive people in the last year , it wo n't be a single month 's opposite trend to change the latter in the medium-long term . 
  it 's funny that when one month the unemployment drops it 's always because of a ( small ) rise of inactive people , when instead it goes up because of a huge drop in inactive people * while * the number of employed people is also rapidly rising ( just like what has happened in 2016 ) all the details do n't matter and the only news is unemployment going up . 
  fatto quotidiano style . 
  thanks to a rainbow ? 
  people driving while using smartphones ? 
  mostly natural gas, 
  italy is one of the world leaders in mechanics and mechatronics after germany and japan though . 
  breda does n't even exist anymore : now it 's hitachi rail italy and they multiplied in a few months the orders , they 'll be going to hire new workers too in pistoia . 
   that far surpasses italy to be honest .
