   b money b money ? 
  bitcoin ? 
   corruption in southern italy . 
   poor trashy south southern italy has always been poor , unemployment rate in apulia for example is the same as the one in your region . 
  naples has solved the garbage problem in the city , they have to clean yet some dumps outside the city , yes . 
   stinky roma what 's the kind of smell that hurted your sentiments ? 
  the one you can smell in places with thousands and thousands of tourists there every day ? 
  also , rome recently has got some troubles , i have no problem to admit that , yes . 
   chaotic driving have you ever heard of someone in big cities driving with relax ? 
  and we drive so chaotic that dieds of road accidents in italy are falling while in most of eu countries are increasing , just imagine !, 
   litering always see what i wrote above . 
  the `` litter '' you mention is in some areas in the south or near gypsies camps . 
   overloaded turistic cities duck me , sorry until today i thought turistic cities were empty ... so is barcelona ( very beatiful city btw ) empty ? 
   fiat cars that break in 2 years ... what car had you bought ? 
  i had a fiat and it lasted 10 years . 
  until i bought a new car . 
   ( am i doing right at our national sport ? 
  self hate and blaming ) is that the national sport in spain and southern italy ? 
  til . 
  that 's another point . 
  i agree with giving unemployed people a subside until they get a job ( and they have to accept the first job available ) , but we ca n't give them money * because * they do n't want to work . 
  a basic income would both be a useless waste of money and be an unfair thing imho , if you can live off these money and save a bit too , who would have the need to work anymore ? 
  sadly places like southern italy will never reach full employment conditions . 
  a lot of people from there moved and move abroad or to northern or center italy , where pratically there was n't unemployment until 7 years ago , but situation is now improving almost everywhere in italy . 
  i 'd rather be happy to see people moving to another part of the country or abroad to work than seeing them taking workers ' money for doing nothing . 
  or we could use these money to finance start-ups or factories to reduce unemployment , if we have to use money . 
  nearly all italians never encountered a sicilian/calabrian/neapolitan mafia member , they do n't have interests at all to be recognized . 
  yet it 's hard to grow in places like naples hinterland and never see or know someone leaked with camorra . 
  i do n't agree at all . 
  giving people money because they only exist is a bs like the idea of someone living without working . 
  i mean , he can do that but not expecting to get money for it . 
  if i say what i think about you will someone gift me a tea with polonium ? 
  why do you answer people with damaged brain ? 
  so greeks do n't save money but invest on things ? 
  do n't hate your countrymen , mate , bad or stupid people are everywhere . 
  maybe i exaggerated but you wrote a sad thing , dude , hope you understood you were wrong . 
  national sport ? 
  you just said some things , and most of them are false or apply to a little part of the country . 
  k , good for you , 
  do you feel accomplished now ? 
  10 people died and that 's your reaction ? 
  good boy , i upvote your comment , i do n't use to downvote people after they wrote their opinion . 
  but have you got a dignity ? 
  but how do you dare to speak about other countries ? 
  you should be ashamed , may the victims rip . 
  but where have you been ? 
  rome and naples ? 
  you should know that all you wrote apply only to a certain part of the country , but gg . 
  what kind of money are you `` sending south '' and how ? 
  buying debt ? 
  bailing-out those countries ? 
  exporting your goods there ? 
  germans are relatively bad-paid comparing to their productivity , increasing wages will increase the internal demand , so more imports from other eu countries and smaller trade surplus . 
   oh and germany actually has much more experience than most nations with transfers like this . 
  italy is for sure the first here . 
  we spent more than 400 billions eur in a single project to try to industrialize southern italy and we keep throwing them about 30 bn/year . 
  since 50s . 
  at least the money for east germany were worth it , since it has almot full recovered the gap . 
  why are you so sure ? 
  italy and france . 
  italy the forever balanced . 
  italy does n't need foreign factories , we already have countless of ours , we only need lower taxes . 
  also i doubt anyone is going to open a factory in italy ( with one of the highest cost of labour in eu ) when they can do it in romania or bulgaria , if they have got all this interest to be inside the eu . 
  italy has n't a trade deficit since 2008 , because of the fall of internal demand . 
  the surplus is about 3-4 % of our gdp . 
  by saying `` southern europe '' you mean italy as well . 
   spain , portugal and greece are also part of the eurozone i know , but saying as well that these countries are `` underdeveloped '' is a falsity . 
  yeah because they 'll get more migrants than us, 
  not only the south . 
  all europe as a whole . 
  indeed , italy is heavily underdeveloped . 
  italy is very poor , people die by starvation , italy is n't a bigger contributor to the eu budget than the uk , italy does n't host the wealthiest area of europe ( padania ) , italy is n't the second manufacture in the eu and i 'm leonardo dicaprio . 
  as i thought . 
  your median wealth is smaller than the greek one , but comes from totally different sources . 
  as few people in germany own an house , their wealth is made up by their savings , in greece it may be their houses . 
  [ here ] ( http://medianism.files.wordpress.com/2013/11/median-adult-wealth1.png ) there is a list i found . 
  so in belgium/france/italy there may be a mix between both the things . 
  so are n't the greeks money saver ? 
  til . 
  your wealth comes entirely from houses ? 
  when it comes to italian regions this map is not correct . 
  [ these ] ( http://geocurrents.info/wp-content/uploads/2013/02/italyregionsmap.png ) are the 20 italian regions . 
  dunno why central italy is an unique region in this map . 
  naples is a very beatiful city , but has a lot of problems ( organized crime , snatchers , poor public services , unemployment . . ) . 
  i agree here , the area near the port of the railway station is pretty ugly and unsafe , but other places near the sea must be very beatiful . 
  their metro has been awarded as the most beatiful in the world , afaik . 
  recently it has n't been . 
  at least , not as camorra . 
  dunno , lots of us understand english yet have hard time speaking it and above all pronouncing it ( myself first ) , but you could always try to do so , otherwise an email is okay :p, 
  why u do n't want southern italy ; - ; i read marseille has improved a lot in the recent years , true ? 
  but what about corsica and savoy for liguria - last chance !, 
  i know . 
  these datas are for 2012 . now they may have changed . 
  maybe that 's because a lot of businessmen wan na know the man they 're having businesses with , so talking with him may `` relax '' them . 
  a couple of days ago , in the motorway i saw 5-6 danish trucks in less than 100 km , so i bet our economic relationships are going well :d, 
  not necessarily . 
  italian governments were running crazy deficits in the 80s , yet the savings of the italians were the highest in europe . 
  even now , the germans are * less wealthier * than the greeks , on average . 
  but i do n't know if the greeks have huge savings , it may be their houses . 
  liguria has 1.5 kk inhabitants and a huge port in genoa , we would still lose too much .
