   we have a lot of ` non-police civil servants ' doing traditional police tasks , like fining people who did n't pay their parking fees . 
  they exist in my town too , they take pics of the plates as they ca n't fine directly people, 
  are the * carabinieri * included for italy ? 
  also , op , why are you wearing emilia romagna 's flair lol ? 
  personal experience again ? 
  i could state exactly the opposite, 
  pretty clear what ? 
  latin stronk . 
  since when are personal experiences a reliable statistics ? 
   southern europe is worse when it comes to the welfare and healthcare issues . 
  source ? 
  welfare = / = healthcare . 
  ` gratz but you 're talking about ppp , though . 
  sterling 's swings . 
  are they using current prices ? 
  using constant ones gives a better accuracy about the real situation , as they do n't take into account inflation . 
  with the latter pretty everyone would perform much worse . 
  the only part that gets enough sun to grow them, 
  no olive trees at all :d, 
   we do n't slack , we 're not corrupt are you talking about your family or your friends , people you know anyway ? 
  or are you implying everyone in your country does n't slack or is n't corrupt and everyone in other countries is . 
  this one is n't just a generalization , it 's defamation as well . 
   we do n't retire at 32 yeah because outside your country people retire at 32 . 
   we work our asses off for 40 hours a week like my father does , like everyone i know does . 
  like everyone in whichever european country does . 
   and then live our lives like every human being has the right to do . 
   spain have a reputation for being lazy asses you should be ashamed . 
  it seems like you 're totally misleading productivity ( which has a lot to do with the added value , i.e. 
  what is being produced ) with hard work . 
  maybe you actually think people in , say , laos , are poor because they 're lazy and that they do n't work their asses off for their family too . 
  the fact you 're insisting so much in repeating that * you * work and every other people outside your social circle do n't makes me think two things : either you are a frustrated that blames his failures on people he does n't even know or has ever seen , or you 're lazy yourself , a bit like it turns out a lot of homophobic people are gay themselves . 
  or both . 
  who does n't . 
  albania is the exception . 
  there is , there is . 
  move the mouse over madrid !, 
  i do n't see the seaweeds . 
   has the uk gotten better recently with food ? 
   * italian * food in the uk, 
  you mean community of madrid ? 
  it 's already a region on its own, 
  i thought you meant something else ... * slowly goes away *, 
  no , it 's [ nuts-1 ] ( http://www.cciyy.com/image/europe_nuts_1.gif ) for spain as well , 
  half-alive , yes, 
  who does n't like them after all ? 
  ahhh . 
  it 's a right-wing party founded by georgia meloni and ignazio la russa when pdl still supported monti 's government . 
  pratically the nation-wide version of northern league that with salvini lost its pro-north secessionist spirit to become anti-immigration , anti-roma people , aginst the euro ecc . 
  nuts-1 . 
  right . 
  i once read rome 's population ( the city itself ) can peak 4m people in a working day : s ( though milan still has the highest flow of commuters in europe http://ec.europa.eu/eurostat/statistics-explained/images/8/87/flows_of_people_commuting_into_and_out_of_selected_european_cities%2c_2011_ ( % c2 % b9 ) _ ( thousands ) _ cities16.png ), 
  exactly , compare to milan or naples : their metropolitan areas extend far from the province 's borders and the population density is sky-high . 
  the same could n't be said for rome : while it gained a lot of population in the last 15 years , parts of its province are countryside with a low population density , and for sure its metro area does n't go outside the province 's border ( except for aprilia , maybe ), 
  its province ( now * metropolitan city of rome * ) , then . 
  rome has currently 2.864.731 inhabitants . 
  is this map counting the province of rome ? 
  it has 4.340.474 people in 2016 , and had roughly 3.6 m inhabitants in the late 90s , similar to the number in the map . 
  even if this was true ( and it is n't ) the refugees are n't only from one nation . 
  that 's how your governament calculates it though , not eurostat . 
  their definition is the same for every eu country so either the disabled people are taken into account for everyone or are n't . 
  by now the gold one is always yours by natural right we should n't have allowed croatia and cyprus join the eu btw . 
  they stole our bronze medal :'(, 
  that 's underemployment or something like that maybe ? 
  if they have worked with a regular contract they 're employed by eurostat 's definition . 
  employment rate ( which to some extent eliminates the risk of people dropping out the workforce and not looking for a job ) in germany is fine too , one of the highest in the world . 
   we have more working poor , according to different sources about 1.5 million kids living in households reliant on states subsidies , poverty is on the rise , a poor working class has become bigger , working in minimum wage jobs , which do n't allow to live without without financial support from the government . 
  a commond trend in almost all the western countries , though . 
  1980s are over for everyone . 
   it 's not really time for fiesta here , at least for around 16 % here , it 's not the time to celebrate . 
  is that the poverty rate ? 
  not a terrible number compared to other countries . 
  no western country goes under 10 % . 
  3edgy5me . 
  weather in malta sucks ... 
  ty , edited . 
  oil is very marginal to the uk as a whole , if anything that 's scotland . 
  norway ( and canada ) got hit but not that relatively hard , they have quite diversified economies at the end . 
  source : [ eurostat , unemployment statistics ] ( http://ec.europa.eu/eurostat/statistics-explained/index.php/unemployment_statistics ) . 
  before someone bothers , that 's ilo unemployment by eurostat and how your national statistic institution calculate it doens ' t have anything to do with this . 
  italian workers are much more than the french as % of the population in the canton though, 
  but what do you even know about italy , rofl ? 
  typical ` murican . 
   if that 's true you 're going to become 25-30 % poorer with the euro as well , just slower , and more painful . 
  euro wo n't devalue itself by such a percentuage . 
   in other words our creditcard . 
  it 'd be only yours if we 'd not be paying the debt interests as well . 
  also finland is n't doing too great , eh . 
   for you , and weaker for us . 
  you 're raising our liabilities and debts , what the fuck do you think that will do ? 
  so are a lot of other countries , surely not only in the south . 
  anyway , i wrote that a common eu mof would have more sense with eurobonds and may avoid countries exploiting them to make as much debt as they want . 
  yes , but i think you visited the poorer areas of these countries , also there 's little sense in starting a business if you do n't have a capital to invest and a decent probability you 'll be making money and not ending up in bankruptcy and even worse than before . 
  of course what they 're saying is wrong , but remember they may be a bit frustrated : unemployment and high taxes , often getting back low services . 
  maybe these people would start one in a different enviroment , who knows . 
  you 're partially right , southern europe is overall surely less efficient than the nordic countries ( who are arguably the most efficient countries in the world let alone japan , though ) but it 's not like everything is . 
  in general the last part is somewhat true in the southernmost areas of se . 
  then again it depends on the people . 
  the ratio of people with that mindset is considerably higher but still a minority i guess . 
  i still do n't get the business owner people being looked down . 
  what was your experience like ?
