  dunno , my region has over 60 % female employment so this thing is n't very widespread here , but i guess housewives . 
   italy , spain and portugal are in clear violations of these rules when and what rule ? 
  italian deficit has n't been higher than 3 % for a while and the primary surplus has always been positive for at least 15 years, 
   at the expence of southern european countries again with this common myth ? 
  exports are what saved most of the italian industries during the 2011-2014 crisis ; they had troubles because of the * domestic * market . 
   the vast majority of the japanese debt is owned by the japanese people same in italy, 
  the average family in monza and brianza 's province ( lombardy ) has assets for $ 510k while the average family in cosenza 's province ( calabria ) has assets for $ 190k , according to a * il sole 24 ore * research, 
  sadly , yes, 
  you have to take into account how much the average is dragged down by most of parts of southern italy , where female employment does n't even reach 25 % . 
  bavaria is 2,9 %, 
  this is true , but it 's true as well that the uk used to be the sick man of europe back in the 70s and 80s and , despite the deindustrialization that pretty destroyed the north , such reforms were useful for a country that in the last 15 years saw twice the average gdp growth of western europe . 
  do most of the engineers in norway work in the oil field ? 
  since 2001 to the 2008 crisis uk used to have that unemployment rate though, 
  eurostat calculates unemployement with the same methods, 
  wrong link ? 
  s\u00fcd tirol can into fiscal autonomy , we ca n't : <, 
   but greece spends less on debt interest as a percentage of gdp that most eu countries including all the other major indebted european countries the first is italy with almost 5 % . 
  we 'd be running a surplus higher than the german one if it was the half of the current amount . 
  the cohesion funds are already used to support businesses , as well as , mostly , building new infrastructures these countries need , such as highways , railways , improving road conditions ... 
  the education and so on are up to the national government . 
   everything above that is unnecessary . 
  eu cohesion funds are included ? 
  unemployment is a short-medium range problem , this one is not . 
  for instance , 10 years ago there was a shortage of workforce . 
  considering the ageing of population , we 'll need more both more migrants and more babies to cover the expenses for the pensioners . 
  internet slang . 
  in italy we say * ges\u00f9 * . 
  i did n't believe rome to be more expensive than milan, 
  soresina may have the biggest dairy company in italy but it 's still small as town unless the pollution comes from the cows :d, 
  settimo torinese has a lot of industrial plants including the pirelli 's tyres , brescia is the capital of the steel industries in italy, 
  well , soresina has just 9k people :d, 
  actually germany had n't a trade deficit even in late 90s . 
  italy has the third highest trade surplus in europe , spain has a small trade deficit compared to the country 's size ; i do n't know where you picked those numbers from . 
  stop blaming germany for everything , a fast growing and healthy germany is into everyone 's interests , especially if their growth is actually for once hauled by imports and domestic spending , as this will help other countries ' exports . 
  for sure it did n't hurt them . 
  the exports-recovery from 2008 crisis has been well above the eu average . 
  also , calabria and sicily have a lower unemployment rate now than they had in 2000 . 
  deflation is not good at all either . 
  the ecb 's goal is 2 % inflation , a very fair number, 
  bs from the economist . 
  how come such increase in the exports then ? 
  gdp per capita is at 1996 levels , gdp is at 2002 levels because of the population growth . 
  inflation is the last of our problem , currently we 're in deflation, 
  bs , read my comment below . 
  rubbish , euro is not the problem : during the crisis exports grew by over 20 % , more than the germans one did , now we even have the 3rd highest trade surplus in the eu . 
  sure we do n't have anymore a trade surplus with germany ; but actually our deficit with them is decreasing year by year . 
  if anything , we have to say that exports in some southern regions ( above all , sicily , sardinia and calabria ) have n't grown at all in the recent years , that 's due to the fact that most of the factories in southern italy were relying on domestic demand , and got crushed when the actual crisis came in 2012-2013 , also the geographical distance from germany and france is n't for sure a godsend for the exports . 
  on other hand , there are great performances in the industrial districts in the north : textile and machines in vicenza , mechatronics in reggio emilia , biomedicine and ceramic tiles in modena and so on , that helped such provinces in keeping a low level of unemployment despite the internal demand was still down . 
  i do n't want to think what 'd have happened if the exports were going bad . 
  that the euro is damaging us is mere propaganda i 'd better leave to salvini or grillo . 
  economy is stagnating for a reason many people tend to ignore : have a look at the [ average consumer spending ] ( http://i.imgur.com/93y6i9c.png ) for family ; ours is at the same level as it was in 1997 , there 's no domestic demand anymore and this is holding back the growth . 
  if it returned to 2007 levels and the exports keep going well we 'd not be growing by 1 % a year . 
  what we have to do is n't leaving ez , but reducing bureaucracy , taxation , improving public administration , making investments more profitable , increasing fdis , everything to increase the internal spending . 
  debt/gdp wo n't be a problem if we start growing seriously . 
  edit : spelling, 
  no , that 's just their `` revenge '', 
  a ttip excluding primary sector goods would be great , for the industries above all . 
  yes , capital areas 's gdp is drugged by such things, 
  numbeo 's filled with users ' edits , take it with a grain of salt . 
  anyway , wages in madrid are much higher than the ones in bucharest . 
  you 're talking about purchase power calculated on incomes ; gdp per capita ppp is another thing , i myself do n't agree with using it ( for a simple reason : the actual wealth of a country is given - more or less - by its nominal gdp : if you have a $ 20k nominal gdp per capita divided in , say , $ 7k coming from financial activities , $ 4k coming from manufacturing , $ 2k coming from constructions and so on and you have a $ 30k gdp per capita ppp , the latter ca n't be used to express wealth as the single sectors of your economy would be too inflated compared to what they actually are ) , except when making comparisons with countries with different currencies if there were fluctuations ( just look at the uk 's nominal gdp per capita which is higher than germany and the netherlands , that 's due to the exchange rate with the dollar and the pound ), 
  nominally berlin and madrid are much richer , but ppp-wise bucharest is . 
  anyway , for madrid is taken into account the community of madrid , that is not the proper same thing as the city itself - for example , lazio , rome 's region , that is by no means the richest region in italy , is at 118 % of the eu average ( well , before the crisis it was at almost 130 % , but that 's another point ) , however rome itself should be at , at least , roughly 150 % of the eu average i guess ( not that much when compared to paris or milan , but still a lot ) , exactly the same can be said for madrid . 
  that said , it does n't change what i wrote above : it 's the same all over europe . 
  paris is at 328 % ofthe eu average : a lot of such wealth comes from the french companies having their hqs there . 
   with 120000 usd nominal per capita is poland the new luxembourg ? 
  it 's the same for every other european capitals ... 
  14 ghost towns seems realistic . 
  i do n't think we could trust what daily mail says . 
   maybe if you count long-buried ruins and include individual farms or something ... for sure now you 're more likely to reach an higher number . 
  there are several estimates : according to eurispes , ndrangheta wins with a ludicrous annual facturate of $ 53 billions ( made by 380 calabrian clans all over the wolrd ) , whereas camorra comes second with `` just '' $ 12,5 billions . 
  instead , according to ucsc ( taking into account just the facturate inside italy ) , camorra comes first with $ 9 billions , followed by ndrangheta with $ 8,5 billions . 
  in general , i believe ndrangheta to be more dangerous to italy as a whole ( and to the places with huge calabrian immigration : germany , canada , australia ... ) , after their infiltrations in the northern regions ( buying pizzerie 's , bars and restaurants , as well as taking public contracts ) sector where camorra is relatively still lagging behind . 
  imho the most powerful and dangerous is the ` ndrangheta , much more than the camorra, 
  ppp , eheh still a pretty result, 
  let 's accept ukraine and a lot of eastern europe countries will be over the eu average by gdp per capita ppp, 
  manufacturing was heavily hit by the crisis but we ca n't tallk about deindustrialization ( yet ) , otherwise we would die as a country, 
  in italy we have a relatively similar situtation , with factories instead of constructions and entrepreneurs instead of bricklayers . 
  in the 80s-00s getting wealthy ( through almost every kind of industrial production ) was very easy . 
  incomes for the workers were n't low either . 
  not saying that the manufacturing sector was killed by the crisis , but a lot of factories had to shut down , above all the ones relying on the domestic market . 
  the industrial districts relying in exports are now doing quite fine ( e.g. 
  vicenza 's province , exports grew by 55 % during the crisis , unemployement is 4 % ) . 
  the people driving bmws and porsche 's in these years have at least 45 yo, 
  how about you taking back * magna graecia * ? 
  why does la rioja so bad compared to the neighbour regions ? 
  i know , i meant the * relative importance * of the secondary sector ( and , specifically , the manufacturing ) in italy 's economy compared to most of europe, 
  i was referring to the last decade , not the 70s ours is not an heavily service-based economy . 
  at least , not even close at the levels of , say , the uk or even france, 
  i do n't believe it to be one of the main reasons ; we were doing good even with worse stats . 
  imho this one is a rather long-term structural problem with the tertiary sector as a whole, 
   maybe italy can learn from irland in cutting its taxes for more growth ? 
  for sure . 
  but i am not the president  yes , northern italy has an higher gdp per capita than germany , the core of its economy are the industries . 
  i highly doubt the gap ( both cultural and economic ) with northern italy will be ever reduced . 
  similar situtation in italy , that does n't look good either from this chart ( despite the improvements in the recent years ) . 
  usually , people never gave instruction an high value , and they used ( and sometimes still use ) to drop out the school as soon as the law allows them to : so did my grandparents , my father ( despite he specialised in his field after some years ) , my uncles ... to go to work in the local factories ( earning a decent wage ) , where there was always demand of workforce , at least until some years ago . 
  reuters ' headlines are always shitty, 
   should we petition the un to get the empire back ? 
  yes pls,
