  oecd is n't the bible . 
  this index wants to describe `` quality of life '' basing it on income and education ? 
   now , do you seriously think these people have an higher quality of life than the richest 10 % in portugal , which has free healthcare as well ? 
  tell me , do you ** seriously ** believe that ? 
  10 % of the americans are uninsured, 
   the poorest 10 % in the united states have a higher quality of life than the poorest 10 % in britain , germany , france and italy , and a better quality of life than the richest 10 % in portugal . 
  i highly doubt it . 
  while i 'm sure that the us are maybe the best place where to be rich , i doubt it 's the same for the poor people . 
  what is the poverty rate in the us , 14 % ? 
  and part of these people are living in extreme poverty , just like everywhere else . 
  now , do you seriously think these people have an higher quality of life than the richest 10 % in portugal , which has free healthcare as well ? 
  i just do n't believe that . 
  maybe this map is about the standard of living , at most ? 
  do n't forget standard of living are only one part of the quality of life . 
  no , the author made all the stereotypes on its own, 
  well i was n't even born too when she made his films but she 's pretty known anyway, 
  is n't she famous in hungary ? 
  in italy she is , was one of the main pornstars back in the 70/80s . 
  she has even been a member of parliament in 1987-1992, 
  more like shitpost :d, 
  those were the google results , these maps are from nationalstereotype.com instead, 
  all of these maps were made by a bulgarian illustrator afaik, 
  `` pirate state of naples '' lel, 
  * this article is 12 months old *, 
  there is a time for everything . 
  immigration does exist, 
  that 's the black economy , it 's not counted in the gdp , guess why grey/black economy in calabria is equivalent to 55 % of their gdp ( despite it does n't account for it ) . 
  in italy some businesses did 1:1000 despite the official 1:1927 rate, 
  yes , we are an industrial powerhouse , the 6th in the world . 
  if i recall correctly, 
   but directed towards hi-tech sectors and not infrastructure projects , right ? 
  no iirc , just less money overall . 
  several bike paths in northern italy were built with eu funds for example . 
  but most of smes are in northern italy , though . 
  and the transfers from northern to southern italy do n't work , i watched a video some days ago where boldrin ( an italian economist ) explained that southern italy was doing relatively well in reducing the gap with the north and in building new infrastructures efficiently , until 1971 , when public expenditure for southern italy skyrocketed bringing rife corruption and above all clientelism , and arguably these transfers ( for $ 80bn/year ) are one of our main problems . 
  the money going south are n't exactly used to compensate the structural economic differences between the north and the south . 
  how would hypothetical transfers from germany work ? 
  as handouts , investements , tax reliefs ? 
  about the smes , i talked about that [ some days ago ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/4r4lkr/growth_in_real_per_capita_gdp_from_1995_to_2014/d4yodse ) . 
  i found [ this graph ] ( http://www.confartigianato.it/wp-content/uploads/2015/07/us_22072015_a.png ) , about the employment in the manufacturing enterprises having less than 20 workers . 
  this represents the 38 % of the italian manufacturing workers but just the 14 % when it comes to germany 's . 
  bigger the company the more competitive it is , also the medium/big companies have a much higher abiity to export , this is one of the main reasons we are stagnating . 
  i know , last year we had an awful natural change , it 's up to migration fixing it . 
  we 'll see if the automation will have big effects in our lives ... you have to take it into account too when talking about next decades, 
  alright , we attract eastern europeans too , if there are jobs available . 
  the italian citizens have been decreasing for years and years , it 's just the residents ( ie the migrants ) who make the population grow . 
  economy has to begin growing steadily again , the non-mena migrants will come with that . 
  surely we will suffer a lot of problems with arabs in the next decades , there are already some little * molenbeeks * in milan and turin . 
  but we do n't have other choice , if our women do n't have children we ca n't force them or gift them billions euros if not tens of thousands yearly . 
  i do n't agree , investements in infrastructures are vital . 
  i do n't speak for all southern europe but at least for italy , it 's a country with an high cars/trucks density , and several statal roads should be in better conditions . 
  also we export goods by land , we do n't export services : infrastructures are needed , really , otherwise it 'd fuck our already slow growth . 
  italian population is not in free-fall btw , neither is spain 's . 
  this year ours shrunk for the first time ever by a little , due to a -200 k natural change partially covered by a 80k net migration . 
  reducing the natural change ( not necessarily by increasing natality but even by reducing mortality ) more the recover of the economy in the next years ( + migration ) is likely to make the population raise again . 
  often mother benefits do n't work , unless you gift women a shitload of money to have children . 
  immigration will cover the natural population decrease , eu population is already shrinking but it 's covered by it . 
  even in mali women do n't have 8 children per couple ... 
  it 's a good way to save money too ... 
  * no worries * . 
  the government balance is the difference between revenues and expenses made by a country . 
  almost of all the eu countries have a deficit , germany and few others ( luxembourg and estonia iirc ) have a government surplus . 
  eu can fine countries with such deficit at  3 % of the country 's gdp , because having a large deficit increases the country 's debt too much . 
  the trade balance is another thing , it 's the difference between exports and imports : again , most of the eu countries have a trade deficit , but germany , the netherlands , italy , belgium , ireland and some in eastern europe . 
  the eu can fine countries with such surplus at  6 % of the country 's gdp , because having a large trade surplus may damage other countries ' ability to export . 
  you 're confusing trade surplus with government deficit, 
  yes , indeed right yesterday the amount lent to the smes in the april-june period is back at pre-crisis level, 
  i hope you know the difference between the real economy and one bank ... 
  the economy . 
   with the italian economy going down faster than berlusconi on a model source . 
  no , it has to do with the italian economy much more than you think , half of the amount is held by italian savers and cutting their shareholdings would damage the internal economy . 
  maybe it may a bit higher ... but at most some tens of thousands people . 
  no way they have 25 % of their population being there illegally . 
  greece has 11 million people, 
  san marino 's lifespan is 84 years, 
  when one is sad , he could always think we could have had this man as head of state . 
  this is the price for the industries : http://ec.europa.eu/eurostat/statistics-explained/images/archive/9/9c/20151110112343!electricity_prices_for_industrial_consumers,_2015s1_ ( eur_kwh ) . png, 
  no , the ones you took are the metropolitan areas , except for milan , which has 1,3 m inhabitants in the city itself and 6-7m in the metropolitan area . 
  rome has 2,7 m inhabitants , metropolitan area of 4,5 m. 
  naples has 950k inhabitants , metro area 4,5 m. 
  turin has 900k inhabitants , metro area 2m people . 
  palermo has 700k inhabitants , 1,2 m counting its metro area . 
  ... are n't them in madrid ? 
  more companies than citizens because it 's a tax haven eheh, 
  they do that with pretty every kind of map . 
  same . 
  maybe they all live inside the petite couronne ? 
  it is miles of course , do n't you see they are even taller than where the moon is ? 
  yes you are right , there are lot of macro-economics stats to look at . 
  i was just pointing out that in most of the cases nominal gdp is better than gdp ppp . 
  ppp should be used only with overvalued/devalued currency , e.g. 
  in the case of russia . 
  otherwise , it inflates too much the level of richness of the poorer country . 
  the nominal gdp actually tells the richness produced in the country . 
  watch your mouth , i am a personal friend of the rothschild family and i wo n't hesitate to use my connections against you . 
  i 'll make sure tke sky above your home will be covered by chemtrails , your own bank account will be blocked by us , your movements shall be traced . 
  you and the other r/conspiracy maggots wo n't stop us . 
  * you are fucking dead , kiddo . 
  yes but how about the chemtrails ? 
  i thought the same .
