   italy has tens of thousands of ghost towns such as ? 
  yeah ( p.s. 
  my bad , d\u00fcsseldorf has n't more than a million people :d ), 
  i would have the decency to give him the money back , for one . 
  as always , let 's eat the cake while having it in the same moment ah the comparison you made does n't stand at all : how many people there are in an house ? 
  you ca n't take 20 people there . 
  we 're talking about a 38m people nation refusing to take some thousands of identified and actual refugees , that 's just ridiculous . 
  masovia is at 104 % , but it includes a mostly poor region with over 5m people . 
  warsaw itself is at 194 % , less than the richest cities in europe with over 1m people such as munich , paris , d\u00fcsseldorf or milan , but roughly at the same level with london ( drained by its huge population ) or hamburg . 
  tourism is n't that important to our economy . 
  let me copy and paste what i answered to another guy :  we stagnated since 2001 . 
  the last actual growth was in 2000 , with +3,7 % . 
  now our gdp is the same as the one in 2001-2002 , more or less . 
  that 's due to a lot of things . 
  some people say the euro is causing every kind of our problems . 
  yet they ignore that our exports grew a lot in the recent years , now we have the third highest trade surplus in europe . 
  the problem is the domestic market , more the bureaucracy , the taxation and the relative inefficiency . 
  italy has the highest taxation in europe over the smes ( total tax rate = 65 % , with the eu average being less than 50 % ) , taxation that is killing a lot of business . 
  italian average consumer spending is still down , it fell as much as the gdp . 
  10 years ago it was on par with germany , too . 
  if exports were going bad , we would have a much higher unemployment rate : let 's take as example the vicenza 's province , in veneto , 850k people , with 40 % of the workforce employed in the industries , nearly all of them being smes . 
  they produce a bit of everything , textile , jewelry , footwear , steel , machines , metal products ... 
  they saw their exports growing by 55 % during the crisis , from 11 billions to over 17 billions euros . 
  they were saved by this : now vicenza 's province 's unemployment rate is 4 % . 
  of course theirs if the best performance , but there are similar situations in the other northern italian provinces . 
  so we should n't help them because dying in the open sea it 's a * natural * death ? 
  yes . 
  we stagnated since 2001 . 
  the last actual growth was in 2000 , with +3,7 % . 
  now our gdp is the same as the one in 2001-2002 , more or less . 
  that 's due to a lot of things . 
  some people say the euro is causing every kind of our problems . 
  yet they ignore that our exports grew a lot in the recent years , now we have the third highest trade surplus in europe . 
  the problem is the domestic market , more the bureaucracy , the taxation and the relative inefficiency . 
  italy has the highest taxation in europe over the smes ( total tax rate = 65 % , with the eu average being less than 50 % ) , taxation that is killing a lot of business . 
  italian average consumer spending is still down , it fell as much as the gdp . 
  10 years ago it was on par with germany , too . 
  if exports were going bad , we would have a much higher unemployment rate : let 's take as example the vicenza 's province , in veneto , 850k people , with 40 % of the workforce employed in the industries , nearly all of them being smes . 
  they produce a bit of everything , textile , jewelry , footwear , steel , machines , metal products ... 
  they saw their exports growing by 55 % during the crisis , from 11 billions to over 17 billions euros . 
  they were saved by this : now vicenza 's province 's unemployment rate is 4 % . 
  of course theirs if the best performance , but there are similar situations in the other northern italian provinces . 
  i do n't get what the eu has to do with the free-market . 
  if you had n't entered the eu what would have forbidden the western companies to enter the market of your country , assuming you had entered the free-market before ? 
  a protectionist economy maybe , which would n't have assured eastern europe such high levels of growth ? 
  ah , you 're talking about refugees . 
  identified and actual refugees . 
  what 's wrong with accepting them ? 
  genoese plot to steal england 's flag ?!? 
  tbh that 's the flag of the republic of genoa :d a lot of cities in northern italy have it : milan , genoa , but even bologna , padua , reggio emilia , mantua , lecco , varese , vercelli , ivrea ... 
  do you believe people would stop coming if we started * shooting * ( could we even shoot at them ? ), 
  the boats ? 
  what if they are scammed by smuggerls and abandoned in the open sea ? 
  sure , but this does n't change that they lived in europe for most of their life and if the schools are ineffective it 's our fault, 
  i think your point is the fairest access to free market helped a lot the former communist countries - also i believe that 's due by the fact croatia was late compared to poland , slovakia , etc. . . in entering the eu , as you joined it just 3 years ago and this meant less eu money, 
  so they did n't go at school , where they were taught western european values ? 
  they are shooting boats . 
  and the number of migrants arriving to australia is infinitely smaller than ours . 
  yeah , italy has considerable troubles with corruption , inefficiency and above all , a crazy red tape and exagerrated taxation ; yet the problem is not the euro . 
  dispelling the myth , italian exports grew by 16 % since 2008 to 2013 , while the germans one did 11 % . 
  the problem is the domestic market and the consumer spending . 
  exports are in general going well . 
  yeah !, 
  sad that just 10 years ago we were more or less in par with germany ... 
  in the mediterrean sea , then ? 
  how do you close it ? 
  they were taught about the jihad in europe , not in syria, 
  by looking at gdp in ppp italy grew even when we had -2 / 3 % recessions, 
  what borders ? 
  the mediterrean sea ? 
  so we would start to letting them sink and die . 
  a potential solution - just make it clear you 're willing to see thousands of people dying . 
  let 's close the sea . 
  no - let 's build a wall on it and make lybia pay for it !, 
  where were the terrorists who hit in paris and brussels born ? 
  edit : how about answering me instead of giving random downvotes , it 's too hard ? 
  1 ) how could you find out they have fake identities ? 
  2 ) such as ? 
  so why should shoot at the migrants ? 
  women and children included ? 
  3 ) okay but get out the eu, 
  i expected even worse stats lol . 
  maybe that 's why our population rose in the meantime - gdp per capita change would be more awful . 
  also , the southern regions more piedmont have the same gdp of the 90s , considering the average is dragged up by lombardy and lazio that had decent growth rates before the crisis, 
  it 's the opposite - under this pow change in gdp per capita would be fairer, 
  sure , but let 's say the fall of the warsaw 's pact to be more correct, 
  why are n't croatia and even hungary with the other eastern european countries ? 
  why they had such relatively poor perfomances ( i knew hungary was among the richest country in that area , back after the fall of urss ) ? 
  exactly, 
  lol portugal gets called poor even by argentina, 
  we got that !, 
  there are infinite people ? 
  a share from what they believe you should be taking, 
  i get your point . 
  if anything , i agree the qe has helped italy a lot in keeping the rates as low as possible , but i do n't think italy would have defaulted without it . 
  the qe did n't start a lot of time ago . 
  surely we would be paying much more through interests and would be struggling definitely in harder ways , but do n't forget that italy owns the third highest gold reserve in the world and that there 's an ocean between failing and having hard times ... 
  could i see it ? 
  because i highly doubt that italy had more bonds bought than germany and france . 
  not with us , of course :d,
