  then we have to join the weaker currency . 
  with a weaker currency , structural reforms and less taxes italy has no rivals . 
  1/6 of the albanians live in italy , and italy is the first economical partner for albania . 
  so our countries are very leaked . 
  knowing italian , some albanians abroad might easy get a job in an italian restaurant . 
  finally , well done romania !, 
  http://i.imgur.com/jodwgfj.png only germany and italy make up 17 % of their imports . 
  france and other eu countries another 25 % . 
  going against the eu would be a suicide for them . 
  russia has already embargoed them . 
   implying we can trust erdogan . 
  i know more funny ways to burn 3/5 billions euros . 
  i told you , renzi did well to block the money to turkey . 
  can we trust erdogan ? 
  is n't a danish citizen allowed to get welfare support if he owns assets for more than 1340 eur for real ? 
   italy is politically unstable . 
  alright , but the electoral reform will fix the things . 
   italy is plagued by corruption and legal insecurity corruption is mostly in southern italy and in rome region . 
  the italian corruption affects above all the public works , it 's not made up by bribes and so on . 
  i agree about the judiciary sistem , it has to be reformed . 
   on the ease of doing business index italy ranks between turkey and belarus alright , because of the crazy taxation . 
   there 's a huge wealth divide between the north and south yes , the gap inside italy ( on gdp per capita , not wealth , which is quite high even in southern italy ) is the biggest in europe . 
  but that 's it , we poured to the south hundreds and hundreds of billions euros to try to build an industrial fabric : the project failed . 
  it 'd take too much time to explain everything . 
  the gap exists because of historic reasons . 
   the shadow economy is huge once again , mostly a southern italian problem . 
  lombardy for example has a tax fraud as % on gdp smaller than the german one . 
  however , i fail to blame a small businessman evading taxes to survive when we have the highest taxation over factories/companies in eu ( 69 % ! ) . 
   there 's little trust in the political system in many regions the regions in which politicians are often corrupted i.e. 
  the southern ones . 
   they 're real existing problems in the country . 
  almost all of them in southern italy ... of course they are even affecting italy as a whole and we have to fix them . 
  i know . 
  cost of life in germany is really low , at least compared to the northern italian one , yet our wages are a bit lower than yours . 
  entering the euro killed our purchase power , in 90s the highest in europe , now the same as the french one ( i 'm talking about northern/center italy ) , and a lot behind the german one . 
  but imho the biggest italian problem is the taxation . 
  we have one of the biggest fiscal pressure in eu , the [ first one ] ( http://cdnit.ibtimes.com/sites/it.ibtimes.com/files/styles/v2_article_large/public/2015/11/20/total-tax-rate.png?itok=shcgofzx ) over companies and factories , the hearth of our economy !, 
  our gross wages are just 10 % lower than yours , for net ones we fall at 20 % , due to taxes . 
  that 's because italy has a huge public spending . 
  cutting unproductive spendings is always good . 
  however , a part of italy ( southern italy , like greece ) lives on public spending : this is a heavy weight to the italian economy and to northern/central italy . 
  for example , veneto and sicily have the same population ( 5kk ) , but veneto region ( in northern italy ) has 9k employees , sicily region has 52k . 
  sicily is a poor region , what would be the 52k people doing if they did n't work for the state/region ? 
  it 's a form of subsidies rather than actual work , and it 's often used by local politicians to get votes . 
  imho an hypothetical indipedent northern italy could stand a strong euro , because it would have a very little public spending , and it could have very low taxes to compensate the disadvantages of the euro . 
  but now it 's not possible to reduce taxation , so the sum euro + taxation + lack of structural reforms puts italy in a hard economical situation . 
  but for italy it would be very very dangerous to get out from euro area ** alone ** . 
  our foreign debt would increase because we would devalue our currency as first thing , and noone would buy italian btps ( the equivalent of the german bunds ) . 
  sure , the fact 75 % of the italian debt is held by people or companies inside italy reduces the increase of the debt , but still it 'd be a serious hit to us . 
  in my opinion keeping the euro weak ( now it 's not enough ) would be an effective solution , or every country should return to their national currency . 
  otherwise , an euro 1 ( germany , benelux ... ) vs an euro 2 ( france , italy , spain ... ) may be a solution . 
  it 's a very difficult situation . 
  yes . 
  italy is poor in raw materials but it is very high in manufacturer industry . 
   comperatively weak industrial base 100 years ago ? 
  the entrepreneurship of italians has been able to fully compensate the lack of raw materials , above all in northern italy , the wealthiest area in eu thanks to the industries . 
  we had our hard time , now it 's time for others :d, 
  euro is part of the problem , due to the problem it creates for our exports ( thing which could be fixed by making the euro weaker than the us dollar ) . 
  of course lack of reforms and the taxation are the first actors in italy 's stagnation . 
   economically germany is quite a bit ahead of uk , france and italy . 
  uk and france are ahead of italy . 
  however , if we look at the last 15 years , the german , british and french economies have grown much more than the italian economy . 
  economically speaking , italian macroeconomical datas are quite similar to the french one : unemployment ( 10 % vs 11 % ) , median wealth per adult ( france and italy are the first countries in eu when it comes to this ) median household debt ( the lowest in western europe ) , home ownership and so on . 
  yet france/uk and italy are very different economies . 
  uk has the lowest share of people employed in industry in eu ( 17 % ) , and your strength is the financial sector . 
  france is very similar to you when it comes to this . 
  italy is instead the country in western europe with highest percentuage of people employed in the secondary sector ( 29 % ) , our economy relies nearly completely on manufacture and industrial output . 
  italy , for gdp per capita , used to be the first in big 4 group in late 80s , the second in 90s . 
  now , thanks to the adoption of the euro and to an asphyxiating taxation , italy is the last one in this group . 
  nowdays france and italy are the sick men of europe , due to their slow growth . 
  however it 's quite strange to talk economically of italy as a whole , when we have a north richer than germany and a south poorer than poland :d, 
  they are the first contributor but they 're not alone ... http://s.telegraph.co.uk/graphics/lightbox/published/231/images/thumb.jpg, 
  to be honest i 'd dare to put netherlands or benelux as a whole ahead of spain and poland , due to their economy size compared to their population . 
  being what i have already said , and also being a member of g8 and of the eu big 4 , if one had to choose if place italy closer to germany/france or spain/poland , the answer would be the first . 
  italy is more similar to the first group . 
  who are these 3 ? 
  did n't you put uk after germany/france ? 
  and why are you sticking italy with poland ( with all the respect i got for them ) ? 
  italy is more closer to the uk than to spain/poland . 
  20 millions inhabitants more than these countries and being the 3rd net contributor to the eu budget make the difference . 
  i know that people have the right to take decisions , but you must understand that if noone respect the eu decisions there is no union anymore , as i told you a couple of posts above . 
  it 's quite a paradox but that 's it . 
  eu common decisions are very few . 
  until poland is part of the union , they * should * respect them or get out . 
  so , basically , your point is not that wrong . 
  i told you , they should respect the common decisions taken by the eu . 
  even the governments often do choiches against the will of people , as i said , eu choiches to respect are very few . 
  avoiding taxes does n't imply corruption . 
  also , * grey * and * black * economy are n't the same thing at all . 
  eu does n't order things every hour . 
  common decisions a state must respect are very few theorically . 
  until you 're part of an union , you must respect the driving lines of it . 
  if poles do n't like their country to follow any eu decisions , doors are always open . 
  any eu govern has still a large part of sovereignty over the country ; yours is a good example but it 's too much simplistic imho . 
  what does prisons have to do with justice ? 
  nice point . 
  we 're an union . 
  if we do n't respect eu choices anymore , then we can greet each others and back to the national countries with full sovereignty . 
  noone ordered anyone to join . 
  it was a free choice .
