  sure at the beginning southern italy did n't benefit at all from the anschluss to kingdom of sardinia ( the area near naples was very rich , but the rest of the kingdom was actually very poor ) , but since wwii they have been receving every year tens and tens of billions eur in useless projects and to avoid the default ot the local institutions ( regions , provinces . . ) . 
  only a project to try to industrialize southern italy ( it lasted from 50s to 80s ) costed 400 billions of current eur with irrelevant results . 
  in europe only germany poured more money than we did into a part of its country , but at least they have been successful . 
  i would like to have a southern italy as rich as northern italy : we would not have the local mafias anymore ( this means much less corruption , as you said ) and we would have a gdp of over 3 tn usd ( now we 're at 2.1 tn ) , and we 'd return to be the 2nd european economy and might end up as the leading eu nation with all the italian regions being rich and noone in need of money . 
   i think looking at the country as a whole still provides a reasonably good , easy to understand snapshot . 
  you 're not that wrong , but as i said it 's very misleading . 
  what does that `` 37 % '' for italy means , when our province with the biggest youth unemployment has 5 times the rate than the province with smallest one ? 
  i do n't agree with a brexit but he did n't say at all he 's a northern league supporter . 
  he only comes from lombardy . 
  it could be . 
  unemployment does n't show the richness of a country , but the current shape . 
  bulgaria is growing , finland is not . 
  imho a map showing the regions/provinces of the countries would be more useful . 
  analyzing the rate in a country as a whole is quite misleading , as in italy the rate goes from 12 % to 59 %, 
  and the fact that in both the countries almost all the national debt is held inside the country :d well , unlike japan we have got the immigrants . 
  the children born from them are increasing every year . 
  some days ago there was that map saying that in 2080 we 'll have a 65 mln people population , so a very large percentuage of it will be made up by immigrants . 
  by total gdp we have four nations . 
  top 10 of gdp per capita is filled with city-state and oil/gas nations . 
  european countries have the monopoly when it comes to [ median wealth per adult ] ( https://medianism.files.wordpress.com/2013/11/median-adult-wealth1.png ) btw . 
  i know some things about both the countries , but more about slovenia . 
  then they would have added italy . 
  what do you mean by `` subsidizing '' your exports ? 
  southern europe is not the only market where germany exports , and italy has a trade surplus . 
  a deputy can be ban only if he behaves badly during a session . 
  for such kind of things , instead , the president of the chamber of deputies can cut off the talks of every amendment and block them . 
  in italy the it wages are less than the european average , afaik . 
  really depends on your work . 
  for sure milan has got the highest general wages , on average . 
  there is even in italy as well , the * tredicesima * . 
  depends on where you live and what work you do . 
  gross average wage in eur in the italian regions : http://www.repubblica.it/static/infografica/economia/20151124_retribuzioni-province/01-.gif, 
  well done !, 
  but malan ( fi ) is the one who wrote that, 
  the half of my yearly pasta basic necessities :p, 
  we eat until we vomit and then eat again and votim again , like the romans, 
  i often eat pasta twice a day , sometimes only at lunch when i have a `` weight '' dinner . 
  1kg at week here for sure . 
  i like pasta with olive oil , pesto , tomato , pesto and tomato , bolognese , with fish and these are the ones i eat more , but i do n't dislike some other kinds of pasta as well of course . 
   half of europe does n't even care about marriage it 's not the marriage itself , but about giving rights to 2 same sex people living together and loving each other , the ones a male and a female married have got . 
   opinions allegedly went from 20 % in favor to 60 % in favor in less than 20 years . 
  imho it 's possible to have such a difference , above all in 20 years ( a lot of time !, 
  ) , trust me, 
  well for sure the majority did n't change its mind but , at least in italy , people supporting civil unions or gay marriage skyrocketed in the last 10 years, 
  according to a poll 54 % of the italians support gay marriage as well, 
  who 's lowering the average ? 
  the deindustrialization . 
  if they were , i mean . 
  anyway , both the president of chamber of deputies and the one of senate can block every amendment , if he wants to . 
  i 'd not exclude he 'll do so . 
  that was implied . 
  calderoli invented an algorithm to create millions of different amendments, 
  are brits happy with this ? 
  i mean , lots of people here fear the deindustrialization risk as the main problem, 
  malan --  senator for fi ( berlusconi 's party ), 
  rotterdam has the biggest port in europe and a lot of goods come and pass there , however i do n't think you arrive to 30 % of workforce employed in the industry ( nl , with the uk , is the european country with the smallest percentuage of workforce working in the secondary sector ) , because your main economic activity are the services, 
  20 years ago for sure it would have occupied the main positions . 
  however , in the last years the services became the main activity there and i do n't think 30 % of their workforce is employed on the industry anymore, 
  yes , it 's the main company there, 
  and barilla in emilia romagna . 
  but these two companies do n't arrive to 10 billions revenue, 
  nuts 3 were made by eurostat , not by me or edison foundation . 
  criteria are right because this map analizes the provinces with industrial vocation , where the industries are the main activity . 
  if the province has less than 30 % of its gdp and workforce on the industry , this means that the province 's main activity are the services , then it ca n't be an industrial district . 
  if that province has a very little population , then it 's irrelevant because it 's too small . 
  if the added vale for employed is small this means there is not a rich and productive manufacture , and the value is determined by the different goods made in the province these are the criteria used to make this map , noone forbides you to make one according to your criteria, 
  i saw some industrial areas ( mostly steel ) near trento and bolzano and along mebo , 
  yeah , i forgot your hometown , 
  yeah , for sure it 's an industrial region but maybe it does n't fulfill the requirements for this map, 
   can you elaborate how that economically fucked you ? 
  is it actually the cause of economic issues ? 
  it is possible . 
  for sure not the main reason but the building sector literally fell in southern europe . 
  one of my neighbours used to be a buiding entrepreneur who entirely built the new residential quarter in which i live , he ( like a lot of people ) made the mistake to think golden times would have lasted forever and people would 've never stop buying houses : so in 2005-2009 he has been building hundreds of houses he did n't sell at all , he got in debt for some millions eur and failed . 
  until some years ago he had a porsche cayenne and a yacht , now it 's just a bricklayer working with romanian and albanian immigrants . 
  i bet in regions like lazio ( where there is rome ) , which had been growing of like 2-3 % a year ( stimulated by the constructions ) in the years before the crisis they felt the building crisis much more than we did , but now the situation it 's improving a bit . 
  in spain the building situation it 's like the one here but 10 times worse : their economy growth itself was hailed by constructions before the crisis , and they were n't able to sell those houses ( have a look at valdeluz ) . 
  no surprise , we want of notification before !, 
  i am not the one who made nuts 3 regions . 
  a small province can even have 90 % of their workforce and gdp on the industry , but if they are few thousands people they are irrelevant . 
  the * added value for each employed * was taken to adjust the population differences . 
  imho these ones are the best requirements , because they take in account a big numbers of variables . 
  man i am not critizing sweden itself . 
  i believe the nordic countries as a whole to be the best in the world , but your model ca n't be applied in another countries with much more population and different social structures . 
  italy has one of the highest fiscal pressure in the eu , and i 'm the one who believe we have to cut our gov spending as much as we can , 51 % maybe is okay for you but for us is too much , compared fot example to the english 43 % of the swiss 34 % . 
  i was referring to the pa workers as total of the workforce . 
  imho , if they are few that means they are employed in other sector , and for sure they are more productive . 
  greece has a horrible number of statal workers per capita , and that 's one the main reasons of their troubles . 
  sweden does n't rank bad at all here , but you 're not the only nordic country . 
  i am not referring to you above all . 
  how could you not be a fetishist ? 
  i 'm not saying sweden does n't export anything or is without industries ( btw it 's the most industrialized in northern europe ) , if i did then i did not make myself clear . 
  i 'm saying instead that industry is not the basis of your economy , strongly oriented on welfare and services . 
  maybe i am wrong , eh . 
  well no , france is the 3rd manufacture in europe , but has n't a lot of industrial districts . 
  and bank accounts as well . 
  otherwise the eastern europeans had to be the wealthiest people in the world . 
  we have about 5 millions of total businesses , of which 400k manufacturing industries , about 60 % of them is either in lombardy ( which hosts 97k of them ) or veneto or emilia romagna , the italian economy 's leading regions . 
  i ca n't find a map like yours of italy , but i found that 27 % of the italian exports are done by small and micro factories , but maybe we have different definitions for small and medium ones . 
  we have only some dozens of industrial companies with more than 1 billion eur revenue , but we have a nice amount of medium industries which makes the biggest part of exports .
