  are you trolling i hope ? 
  current account includes trade balance in goods and services + primary and secondary income . 
  balance of payments includes current account + capital account . 
  is that clear ? 
  you mentioned the balance of payments out of nowhere and then you even say i do n't know about it ? 
   ah , so you now acknowledge that italy is substituting internal demand for external demand as a result of all the intra euro area distortions . 
  no , that 's what you say . 
  i wrote that in italy the share of demand from abroad has increased during the crisis because , guess what , with the latter internal consumptions have reduced while exports kept growing . 
   while the us recovered in 3-4 years , the euro area has n't gone beyond its peak yet ehm ... do you have a ruler ? 
  :d the ez economy recovered to pre-crisis levels in q1 2016 . 
  also its population is increasing at a way lower rate than the us . 
   it is the lack of adjustment mechanisms . 
  look at us the debts as % of gdp and deficits over the last decade . 
  also the ez average is dragged down by countries like italy who has been having stagnation issues for 16 years and is still far to pre-crisis levels . 
   the export is meaningless if considered alone . 
  do you prefer a 3 % increase in exports and a 1 % increase in imports or a same 7 % increase , to make an example , of both ? 
   and trade balance improvement could be due to constrained imports thanks to domestic demand compression plus external factors like i explain at the end of the reply , increase of exports have affected the trade balance definitely more than reductions of imports did . 
   yes , but it 's the current account that matters regarding fluxes to and from a country . 
  in this case no , because we 're merely talking about exports and imports . 
   trade balance is colloquially loosely used as a synonym . 
  and that 's very wrong . 
   i wonder what happened at the end of the millennium , hmm ... german exports kept growing while imports declined because they were facing a contraction of domestic consumptions ? 
  and despite that , since 2000 german imports have n't grown significantly less than exports did . 
  it 's just that germany always had higher exports in first place , so , of course , the gain in exports will be much greater in absolute numbers . 
   how about a discount of 20 % for a car ? 
  given germany 's trade surplus explosion , are you saying she mostly produces pyjamas ? 
  no , they mostly exports high quality added value goods . 
  do you know how to use eurostat and istat database where you can find every datas i mentioned ? 
  do i have to explain you ? 
  just let me know . 
  they can not be linked . 
   numbers , please . 
  also , how many of new jobs are temporary and/or part-time contracts ? 
  most of new jobs being created are stable ones . 
  in 2016 italy created 268k jobs for the 15-64 yo people , and only 41k of them were temporary ones . 
  105k the part-time jobs created ( then you 'll explain me what 's wrong with working part-time , given that the share of people working part-time involuntarily is decreasing ) . 
  a great result , let 's face it . 
  and anyway , low quality jobs are an european trend , not just italian or southern european one . 
   let the numbers talk i always do , will you ? 
   considering all the deleterious effects it has on the economy , including those i have previously listed , it is not secondary at all . 
  it 's math : increase in exports heavily affected the trade balance in absolute numbers , much , much more than reduction of imports did . 
   but it had a much lower unemployment . 
  thanks to the highest amount of potential workforce out of the labour market , otherwise italy 's employment rate of a decade ago was n't significantly higher than now . 
   yes , and you proved not to understand the functioning of the balance of payments . 
  where did you mention the balance of payments ? 
  fyi it 's not a synonym of trade balance ( nor of current account ) . 
   if you get an improvement in the balance also by compressing domestic demand in order to restrain imports it 's not like italy wanted to increase the trade balance by reducing the internal demand . 
  crisis did it . 
   then its effect on the whole economy may not be positive really ? 
  and i thought less consumptions was a good thing ...  and trumpeting `` trade balance is up ! '', 
  or , worse , `` exports are up ! '', 
  without considering the big picture is naive . 
  the point is that there is not to consider the whole picture right now , the first statement was about export performances and it 's always positive that exports are up , you started the trade balances argument which was never mentioned . 
   also , as we both have said , the absolute improvement in exports is mainly due to record low oil prices plus qe which is keeping the euro low . 
  low oil prices affects the imports increasing trade balance  look at here . 
  and trade balance is not a synonym of current account . 
  also in the 90s germany was facing problems with the reunification . 
   oh , because a discount in the neighbourhood of 20 % in a world where few cents make the difference is nothing , right ? 
  what i said is not valid for everything but just for very high added value goods . 
  if you are producing and exporting pajamas then yes , few cents do matter . 
  if you are exporting high quality electric equipment only your country produces , well , the not so much . 
   go on , it 's your claim therefore the burden of proof falls upon you . 
  do you know how to access to eurostat database ? 
   have n't you just said the internal market did n't collapse ? 
  it did n't , but it was in recession . 
  every sector was in recession , if you want to know something that collapsed , that 's investiments . 
   employment levels are n't remotely comparable to those in northern europe . 
  so what ? 
  what has it got to do with my argument and with the fact that employment in southern europe is growing ? 
  southern european countries always had lower employment rates than their northern peers . 
   define `` great . '', 
  spain has created and will likely continue to create in the next years its usual half a million jobs a year , italy had the best year since a decade and is n't that far to pre-crisis level to start with , portugal got back on track and even greece managed to create jobs . 
   again , stagnant imports play an important role as well a secondary one , after the ones i mentioned . 
   and , as the article says , `` the trade rebalancing would look much less successful '' if italy 's economy were at full employment . 
  italy never had full employment to start with . 
  low energy and oil & gas prices have ( positively ) affected the trade balance more than reduction of consumptions have ; also , like i said , imports of goods is back to 2007 levels . 
   companies that could were forced to sell abroad due to the collapse of the domestic market . 
  it did n't collapse . 
   what i said was that if more people were allowed to consume ( more employment ) , and to a greater extent ( higher wages ) , imports would go up faster than exports not necessarily  unemployment rates : 3.9 % ( germany ) vs 12 % ( italy ) . 
  can you see the price that italy is paying to have a trade improvement ? 
  about the trade balance , i already answered you , about the exports , they have nothing to do with unemployement . 
   both a higher surplus and a lower inflation mean a stronger currency . 
  if germany had the d-mark its currency would appreciate , fewer people would buy german goods , more germans would buy foreign products and they would spend longer holidays abroad , reducing the surplus and improving the export of other countries . 
  germany has always , literally always had a positive trade balance . 
  that said , sure the weak euro boosted german exports , but for sure not just them . 
  and high added value goods germany is famous for are not affected * that * much by exchange rates . 
   could you please post a link to your source ( s ) ? 
  also , mind you , italy 's europe 's second-largest manufacturing country and its trade improvement pales in comparison to germany 's , because of what i previously said . 
  you are going to find everything on eurostat database - international trade . 
  and no , it does n't : since 2011 , when austerity started in italy , its growth outperfomed a lot of european countries and was almost on par with germany 's , though it has much higher exports in absolute terms of course . 
   lol , do n't exports generate revenue ? 
  yes , but when every other sector of economy is in full recession they are not going to do a lot except helping some industrial sectors stay afloat - again , think of italy in 2012-2013 . 
   and the euro is definitely too strong as in order for them to keep it they have to lower salaries and fire people no southern european country ( except greece to some extent ) is lowering wages or firing people right now . 
  on the contrary employment in 2016 has done great there . 
   yeah , who cares if the trade rebalancing is thanks to the destruction of the domestic demand . 
  1 ) the first reasons for our high trade balance are rising exports and low energy prices 2 ) the domestic demand was n't destroyed, 
   not necessarily . 
  i was only mentioning a case where rising exports taken alone do n't equal to a good performance , because what matters is the balance . 
  indeed in the last years both the exports and the trade balance have hit a record high in italy . 
   as the article i linked says , imports have been restrained through the crushing of domestic demand via higher taxes , lower wages and higher unemployment , and in turn it means a lower gdp than it would have been if unemployment rate was lower .
