  the gangs are divided along clan and religious lines . 
  let them find a job and invest more in the police to avoid such risks . 
   5 ) the mena region is very conservative - it is like texas on steroids . 
  would you want to have ultraconservative texas rednecks on steroids in your country ? 
  we have already eastern lombardy and veneto . 
  ^ / s jokes aside , you can always make them attend `` lessons '' about social acceptance and things like that . 
   6 ) the large volumes of immigration and shortage of housing in sweden mean that housing is expensive , an the immigrants can afford to live in poorer neighbourhoods . 
  this means that we have neighbourhoods which are 80 % immigrant . 
  this creates a fertile ground for the radical imams . 
  we see it in sweden by the numbers of people who support isis and the number of people who put their support into action and go down to fight for isis . 
  for every one person who goes down there , there are 10 other who think like them , but wo n't go because they have children or other business to attend . 
  okay , but that 's again swedish police and secret service 's business . 
  ah , you build way too few houses compared to how fast your population grows . 
  leaking this to the third point , the refugees could be bricklayers , for one . 
  libyans are mostly in italy afaik . 
  also the first three nations you mentioned are in war . 
   besides , i think that we owe to the libyans rebuilding their country after we screwed it up . 
  right . 
   the main question is `` are they really refugees ? '', 
  - i do n't think so . 
  it depends on where are they from , if they are running from a war , if they are political-persecuted people etc. 
   when i think about refugees from syria at war i see this poor people in primitive shelters in lebanon , not these people who are saying as mantra `` germany - sweden '' or something like this . 
  they are looking for the best life conditions . 
   we can not build camps with barbed wire of course - it 's crime against humanity , is n't it ? 
  that would be against refugees ' dignity . 
  ah , thank you , i had the first number in mind . 
  inb4 the 0,05 % of rapist refugees now becomes 0,07 % - germany is filled up with rapists german girls ca n't go outside alone muh close the borders !, 
  there is a war in libya . 
   jumping on a boat and hoping for the best is unfair to the people coming here legally . 
  that 's the only way most of them have to come here . 
  and you 're talking about immigrants , i am talking about refugees . 
   how many refugees are in germany , and how many rapists ? 
  1,1 million entered just in 2015 , go figure . 
  rapists ? 
  how many refugees have been declared guilty of rape or even investigated ? 
  i do n't know , maybe some tens , at most some hundreds . 
  anyway a decimal percentage . 
   of course they arent a single group , thats why i say that we should only accept families . 
  because instead the young men are a single group ? 
  they ca n't be running from a war too ? 
   and my last point ( which shows what im saying ) is that europe didnt gave a fuck about spain , italy and greece having problems with mass inmigration for almost 30 years now , but now that germany has a problem is a european crysis . 
  you 're partly right , but germany is genuinely trying to help us by accepting refugees . 
  until germany said they were willing to accept a million of them you mean ? 
  and germany is actually willing to take refugees and is doing its best , if anything a part of the eastern countries do n't want refugees and the quota system . 
   although only 3 of the 58 captured were refugees you have already answered to yourself . 
   to think that refugees will stay peacefuly and doing nothing clonflictive is kinda na\u00efve . 
  refugees are n't a unique group of people thinking and acting the same way . 
  avoiding that they 'll commit crimes is up to the country 's police , if they commit them they 'll be rightfullly send back . 
   kind of funny to see how europe reacts now that inmigration is a problem to germany . 
  i 'm not even german . 
  italy has problems with sea arrivals since 1991 . 
  i do n't see why you keep mentioning germany . 
  who 's coming because of job reasons is n't the same as someone running from a war . 
  it 's rather funny because usually it 's the people against the immigrants making such point . 
   otherwise asylum immigration from the middle east will harm our societies . 
  how are refugees supposed to harm a society ? 
  seriously ? 
   we should accept only the most educated ones in europe until we learn how to integrate them . 
  indeed i proposed to let remain just the refugees who are fully integrated in their hosting country 's society . 
  ask u/calhil , he brought the question here . 
  also , the v4 rejected the quota system . 
  who said that the refugees have to be brown and the immigrants white , indeed ? 
   there is a war in ukraine yes , in eastern ukraine . 
  poland gets a lot of people from western ukraine too because of higher wages . 
   unlike in erytrea , gambia or sudan . 
  the citizens of these countries are n't going to be accepted as refugees unless they are persecuted because of political reasons in their home country . 
   i for one do n't believe refugees will go back to syria once the war is over , at least willingly . 
  if they get integrated into the polish society and get a job , why should they have to go ? 
   most of the people coming on boats over the mediterranean are n't syrians . 
  then they are not going to be recognized as refugees and wo n't have to be settled in poland . 
  this map is about immigrants indeed , who may come for work , family , love reasons etc. 
  the refugees are completely another thing and poland had been criticized for not accepting them . 
  edit : spelling, 
  immigrants = / = refugees, 
  the * metropolitan city of milan * is the new name of the former province , it has little to do with the real metropolitan area and the commuting patterns . 
  monza for example is at just 15 km from milan and yet is part of another province . 
  same goes for busto arsizio , less than 30 km from milan but another province . 
  or even bergamo , lecco , como , varese , lodi and pavia which are all of them between 50 and 65 minutes of highway from milan . 
  add to that the whole brianza which has alone 1,5 m inhabitants in three provinces . 
  hell , even novara , alessandria and piacenza ( 65-80 minutes from milan ) which are n't in lombardy are part of * milanese logistic area * , counting these cities and their provinces milan metropolitan area would overtake 8,5 m people . 
  now , of course counting these provinces is exagerrated , but milan metro area easily reaches 5m people , and i 'm not even counting cities such as varese or bergamo . 
  milan is well above 5 million people . 
  also , is it possible recording  50 % growth in population in less than a decade , dafuq ? 
  numbeo can be edited by everyone though , i would n't call it a reliable source, 
  he was using * pluralis maiestatis * / s, 
  does n't matter , it will bring anyway a lot of jobs . 
  to produce * at least * half a million cars a year it will employ thousands of people , letting alone the suppliers as i said above ( factories who produce parts of vehicle , batteries , cars ' bodies , automotive components ecc . 
  yes , if they produce low tech goods , unlike musk 's cars . 
  they bring a lot of jobs directly and above all for the linked activities too, 
  i guess you added 3 zeros more :p, 
  \\  current prices, 
  well , considering your last year 's growth ... 
  productivity in this graph is calculated as gdp/employed people . 
  germany has an higher gdp per capita than italy , but also a much higher employment rate thus the measure used ( nominal labour productivity per person as % of eu average , in current prices ppp ) is higher in italy than in germany ( but that does n't say much tbh ) . 
   in any case , i still expect low correlation to max blood alcohol allowed by law and road deaths . 
  ah , you 're absolutely right . 
   if you consider that population density is highly correlated to accidents accidents yes , fatal ones not so much . 
  cities and suburbs ' traffic is generally safer ( in terms of deaths , not accidents themselves ) than extra-urban one . 
  think about a micro rear-end collision in a city and an head-on one outside the cities where the speed one goes to is often much higher . 
  the higher the density , the lower the average speed .
