  so are you saying that your politicians are going to steal eu 's money ? 
  is it the eu to blame for the war or for the bribes ? 
  the eu is helping you to become a much richer and developed country , just like they 're doing with poland , romania and so on . 
  germany forces croatia to do something ? 
  and how ? 
  why do you sell such companies ? 
  at most is your government 's fault , not eu 's . 
  and as i have already said above , the western companies take the conctracts because no estearn company could . 
  blame tito for that , he wasted 50 years while western europe was enjoying the free market . 
  the projects are for croatian citizens . 
  to the germans ? 
  what does germany have to do with all of this ? 
  these money are used in local projects i mentioned , period , avoid conspiracy theories . 
  if you believe your currency is shit join the $ , slovakia is doing very nice inside it . 
  croatia pratically just joined the eu , the money have yet to arrive . 
  look at romania , they are doing great and imho so will do croatia . 
  what kind of drug are you on ? 
   democratically elected governments have been toppled by brussels sponsored civilian coups when their prime ministers have offered referendums what referendum berlusconi proposed ? 
  he resigned on its own . 
  less money given per capita compared to other nations , so the author put both the countries in the same colours with nations receiving few money per capita, 
  level that is decreasing . 
  romania is doing great inside the eu . 
  no , the eu money gets invested in the country , for new roads , railways , schools and so on . 
  all the countries that joined eu in the recent years are doing great . 
  ... then why are you complaining with the eu ? 
  you did n't wan na join the eu ? 
  money sucks , eh ? 
  ah , the * quorum * . 
  the eu membership referenfum , you mean ? 
  had n't it been approved ? 
  the main beneficiaries of this are the romanian citizens , the eu is investing money in your countries to put eastern europe on par with the rest of the continent , after 50 years wasted thanks to urss , not your fault though . 
  the contracts are taken by the western companies because there is n't any eastern one who could , due to the reason stated above . 
  the industrial plants are bringing jobs to romanians , in romania . 
  and i doubt the eu is hurting you eh , considering that romania has currently an annulized gdp growth of 6 % !, 
  and i 'm not against eastern europe taking eu cohesion funds mind you , i just ca n't stand when you guys refuse to follow the eu common decisions , such as taking refugees . 
  because until you take money and are willing to stay in the eu , follow its decisions , contribute to its growth and so on i 'm 100 % fine , otherwise it 's parasitism and the situation wo n't be not anymore a win-win for both the sides . 
  what are you talking about ? 
  it 's the minimum , you have already a gain in eu funds . 
  just a question , if you think eu is exploiting your country i think are you working to get out the eu ? 
  it 's a shame giving money to someone who does n't like the eu . 
  i mean , the attitude toward taking money without the willing to give something back has a certain name . 
  so a lot of inequalities are bucharest vs the rest of the country , i believe, 
   is n't half the median normally considered the poverty line ? 
  under 60 %, 
  so what ? 
  eu money were used , not romanian one . 
  i suppose that every other road built suck ? 
  the average gross wage in romania is $ 640/month , remove the taxation and you 'll have a $ 370/month net average wage . 
  are there such inequalities between the various classes ? 
  but those roads are being built in romania ( and the romanian people enjoy them ) , by the western companies because they 're the only ones who can do the work . 
  this is ridiculous , i doubt someone in romania takes such a low wage . 
   at cost of condemning many of our cites to becoming third world shitholes i pretty doubt this as well considering the huge progress romania is doing nowadays inside the eu , things were way worse 10 years ago . 
  reading is important but understanding is even more . 
  i 've said that a small part of the country has the mafia ruling the local politics and that part is counterweighted by most of the rest of the country . 
  read again my comment , then . 
  also , is this a competion ? 
  so what ? 
  1/3 is the whole southern italy , not the areas with high mafia density , do n't pretend you did n't understand . 
  what oligarchy are you talking about ? 
  berlusconi is a trump who gained votes through his ownership of the medias of the country and absurd promises . 
  and andreotti was pm in the 70s , letting alone a couple of years in early 1990s . 
  he was absolved , by the way . 
  i 'd ask you for a source , who decides who 's better and who 's worse off , you ? 
  what 's an * extreme corruption problem * ? 
  laboe listen , this is not the first comment by you where you randomly mention italy but the last of a long sequence ; something would let me think you have got something personal here , i hope i 'm wrong , because as far as i get from your comments you 're all but a stupid or an incompetent person . 
  southern italy has 1/3 of the country 's population , the mafia-controlled areas are about 1/9 of the population, 
  you 're right but i repeat , that 's not the ranking of southern italy , it 's the rank of the country as whole . 
  even worse in naples hinterland , for that matter . 
  but corruption has countless forms , one country has problems with a certain field , others with an another one . 
  this report is for the country as a whole , so i pretty believe this rank - i esteem at least 3 points gap between trentino/friuli and calabria/campania . 
  if cost of violence in the us * was a country * ... it 'd be the 9th world 's largest economy . 
  seriously , how is that calculated ? 
  italy is the 2nd eu country by appliances production but i do n't think someone identifies fridges with italy itself ... dunno what was their brand . 
  maybe you 're right . 
  20 % fall in just 1 year sounds impossible to me . 
  the dafuq here is germany , - $ 360bn . 
  as much as france , uk and italy together, 
  before the new eu members joined in 2004 , the relatively less developed countries were spain , portugal and greece which had to recover from the dictatorships , then the eu cohesion funds were mostly aimed to them . 
  iirc , spain was the biggest net recipient in 2004 , while in 2014 the difference is slightly higher than $ 1bn and spain is among the smallest recipients per capita if not the smallest . 
  [ map ] ( http://www.money-go-round.eu/yearchart.ashx?year=0&amp;method=abs ) since 1976 . 
  interesting map but there is a bit of mess with the colours, 
  [ 2015 report ] ( https://jakubmarian.com/wp-content/uploads/2015/10/wealth-per-capita-europe.jpg ) . 
  it seems to be from the same source , is it possible to lose more than 20 % in just a year ? 
  wtf happened ? 
  ppp-wise , though . 
  milan is the stronghold of berlusconi , if he does n't do decent over there ... 
  anyway , most of those votes were for parisi , not the person of berlusconi, 
  0.6 % is not annualized , it 's just a quarter . 
  overall , it 's a good result , then for sure the growth could be even more faster . 
  berlusconi is died on the political scene , the candidate mayor he supported in rome took 8 % , against the 15-20 % polls he had before berlusconi officially supported him . 
  look at the comment history , he 's not italian . 
  maybe he was just referring to the inner six countries who gave birth to the eu ? 
  yes , in several parts of italy it went up $ 2 . 
  i remember that period was the worst part of the economic crisis and monti introduced a new tax on petrol, 
  more than 30 % , between lombardy and calabria, 
  mostly depends on your area , in general $ 1.3 / lt. 
  it peaked the record-low of $ 1.1 / lt when the petrol price was $ 30/barrel and the record-high of $ 1.9 / lt when the price was like $ 120/barrel if not higher, 
  a lot of kids go to the * catechismo * ( catechism ) once a week to get ready for the * comunione * ( communion , at 10 yo ) and the * cresima * ( confirmation , at 14-15 yo ) , even if their family seldom go to church . 
  in general , after the confirmation the kids start to drop out of church by not going to the mass every week , for one, 
  [ south tyrol and veneto ] ( http://www.enea.it/it/comunicare-la-ricerca/img-1/copy_of_fig1rifiuti.jpg ) can into germanic master race !,
