  now the point is making italy grow ( again \u2122 ) , thing we are still failing to accomplish . 
  well , benevento and salerno in campania , matera in basilicata , trani , ostuni and lecce in apulia , if you want to go in the islands , ragusa in sicily and sassari in sardinia come to mind . 
  then there are a lot of smaller cities , i could search for them if you 'd like to know . 
  most of them might be a bit dirty and run-down , but for sure they are beatiful , with a lot of things to see often unknown to a big part of tourists . 
   only for slightly over a month last summer , i liked being home , but at the same time it was depressing seeing everyone sad and/or worse off than i left them . 
  well , during the eu-greece talks in the last summer if i got well . 
  i think now the situation has a bit improved . 
   i hope this turns out to be the start of something good and not another one of the small rises we have right before shit hits the fan again . 
  anyway thanks for your wish , though i highly doubt it will come true in the near future . 
  i do n't want to look too optimistic , but the bottom has been reached , your unemployment rate is under 23 % , it peaked 28 % a couple of years ago . 
  we in italy have the highest total tax rate over smes in europe ... 64 % . 
  greece does n't come that far after us sadly for you . 
  a lot of businesses shops have closed here too , because of crisis , taxation and competion from big malls . 
  we are doing ... quite meh . 
  employment growth is ok , gdp growth is awful . 
  at the current rates in less than a year we may return to the pre-crisis employment rate , yet a part of the new jobs ( the minority but still a big part ) are part-time and/or at determined time , there is n't anymore that `` job safety '' there used to be until 2008 . 
  the real economy is stagnant , like our gdp did in the past quarter , and we 're the only eu country with a gdp per capita lower than it was in 2000 . 
  consumer spending is going up , but very slowly . 
  the manufacturing is bogged down , due to poor internal demand from one side and the world 's slowdown in the another one : in the past years exports were going really well , and they kept the manufacturing afloat during the 2012-2013 recession . 
  china and us are doing worse than previsions , france is stagnating like us , russia has yet to recover and the sanctions/contrasanctions are still active , uk voted to leave the eu and trade is currently being affected , brazil is in free fall ... the only markets doing well , i.e. 
  spain , the ee countries and to some extent germany and japan ca n't substain the fall/slowdown of the other countries . 
  another reason of our stagnation is the low fdis intensity , they were low even before in 2007 and the crisis has brought away a third of them . 
  spain was helped a lot by fdis during the crisis , they get way more fdis than we do . 
  like half of the world car companies have a plant in spain for example . 
  personally , my family is doing nice , i 'm not aware of serious situations of material deprivation around here ( i do n't live in a big city though , more like a small town ) , the families in real distress who ca n't get state benefits are usually helped by caritas , the charity organized by the church which is doing a good job , but mostly it helps the immigrants though . 
  milan has more than a fifth of foreign population , some peripheries are becoming some kind of molenbeek-style ghettos , the islamic extremists seem to have a lot of interests on the city . 
  naples has 5 % of foreign population btw ; the northern part of naples is what you should avoid . 
  it 's where scampia and secondigliano are . 
  the east is n't that bad , i do n't know a lot about it . 
  the areas near the sea are the most better off , particularly the west and the south ( well , the center ), 
  you 're welcome  do n't have too high expectations , but it 's not even that shithole as it 's often painted , especially in the rest of italy . 
  avoid the smaller alleys , it 's where most of the crime happen . 
  i found [ this funny map ] ( http://i.imgur.com/1gkaneu.jpg?1 ) on r/italy . 
  that 's naples ' metropolitan system , the green dots are the touristic spots , the blue ones are the ones who could get dangerous in the night or with nothing to see , the red ones and savastano 's heads have camorra presence and/or are drug-dealing areas . 
  another city that would deserve a trip it 's milan , it 's often considered the italian frankfurt with nothing to see except banks but has a lot improved in livability with the former mayor , giuliano pisapia . 
  inner milan is very well-kept , and its [ skyline ] ( http://farm8.staticflickr.com/7090/7316656718_9d1a7aaba6_o.jpg ) is currently on construction , completely built during the crisis . 
  an interesting place are the two [ * vertical forest * ] ( http://www.h-b.it/wp-content/uploads/2015/06/porta_nuova_isola_01.jpg ) skyscrapers , also new towers are being built . 
  once i saw a site with a 15ish of pics of milan 6-7 years ago and now , but i ca n't find it . 
  few major italian cities have improved in the last years , milan and naples ( each one relatively to where it was before of course ) are them . 
  rome instead is the one with the most awful fall ( in cleanliness/livability/urban decore etc. ), 
  in the recent years . 
  naples is living a tourism boom , the tourists have doubled in the last 3 years . 
  the city has somewhat improved with the current mayor , well around 2009-2010 it reached the bottom with the garbage crisis . 
  i have n't been to naples yet , but the situation has got better afaik , there are n't streets full of garbage anymore , at least in the central areas , but the city is still not by any means very clean , it 's often littered . 
  the buildings and the roads are in generally bad conditions . 
  naples was able to solve its garbage crisis though , with the construction of a waste-to-energy plant , the same crisis rome is facing right now , not only because the city is bad-kept , but because there is n't space for the rubbish after malagrotta ( the biggest landfil in europe ) near rome closed and now the city has to send its garbage to other regions , that are refusing it , like the governator of umbria did some says ago . 
  also , a survey done by ec/eurostat showed that 22 % of neapolitans thought their city to be satisfactorily clean compared to 9 % for the romans , yes , perception is the key and neapolitans have a lot of pride for their city , yet ... everything depends on the neighborhoods of course , there are nice areas such as [ posillipo ] ( http://static.panoramio.com/photos/original/12367096.jpg ) ( where 90 % of pics about naples are made ) and vomero , avoid the outer areas such as [ scampia ] ( http://static.panoramio.com/photos/original/13411715.jpg ) and secondigliano and the adjacent communes ( like casoria , afragola and caivano ) , which are maybe the worst part of italy , areas with a strong camorra presence . 
  i suggest you the [ toledo metro station ] ( http://www.meteoweb.eu/wp-content/uploads/2014/02/toledo2.jpg ) , named the most beatiful in europe , also naples has a nice [ skyline ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/9/98/centro_direzionale_-_napoli.jpg ) and it 's the birthplace of pizza . 
  about the crime ... sometimes there are homicides between members of camorra , but most of them happen in the northern periphery anyway . 
  naples has an homicide rate of 3,0 / 100,000 compared to the national average of 0,8 , but it is n't * that * high , considering some us cities are over 50 . 
  rapes and burglaries are low , yet naples has an high robbery rate . 
  pickpocketing is the most common crime tourists may run into , just use some common sense and do n't go around with a golden rolex for example or well visible wallets and you 'll be fine . 
  trieste has been listed as the most underrated city in the world btw, 
  you just do n't talk to him/her, 
  mine was n't a provocation , it 's just that op asked for the real/perceived situation in greece to rl greeks ; everyone could search for greece 's socioeconomic datas on google and judge a whole country on them . 
  anyway , that 's really sad to read . 
  have you ever returned there after that ? 
  how 's the situation now ? 
  judging on economic datas , things in greece have started to go quite good in the recent months . 
  they may be still few improvements compared to what you lost , but there is to start with something . 
  i think the same . 
  if anything milan is closer to paris or london than rome . 
  rome is n't that densely populated , a big part of it is countryside , then of course the areas near the center have a much higher population density than the city 's average . 
  berlin is somewhat similar to rome density-wise , whereas milan and naples are much , much denser , a bit like paris . 
  are you greek ? 
  well it 's arguably the symbol of paris tho and one of the main turistic destinations in the city, 
  this is gold , pity the non-italians may not get it :(, 
  planning attacks against europe ? 
  right , but it 's pretty a question of willing more than money . 
   raise the retirement age . 
  it 's already 70 yo , one of the highest in europe  i swear old people are eventually going to bankrupt europe . 
   the uk has 2x the amount of chinese you have . 
  i was making an example indeed . 
  even if it was italy having 2x the chinese than them , the uk would always have an advantage over us , educated people tend to be richer = much more consumptions than the ones in italy in per capita terms when a good part of the ones living in italy live in garages with another bunch of their countrymen . 
   of course quality of their migrants also matter , but so does growth . 
  even italy had population growth in the last decades . 
  the population went from 56,7 m in 2000 to the current 60,6 m , the last year our population shrank for the first time from ww1 , because net migration , though it 's always positive , decreased a lot with the crisis and is not able to substain anymore our awful natural change ( -200 k in 2015 ) , while the uk is helped by their healthy birth rates , indeed they had +195 k population only due to natural change let alone migration . 
  japan seems to be doing quite well in the recent months and germany , except in the first 2000s , did n't do a lot bad even when their population was shrinking , but they have another economy system than the anglo saxon countries . 
  it what ? 
  the number of migrants is pretty meaningless , the uk has the [ highest share ] ( http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/2016/06/08/mapped-how-britain-has-the-highest-level-of-skilled-migration-in/ ) of gratuated migrants in europe instead . 
  for instance italy has a lot of chinese too , they may be even more than the ones in the uk but they will never be as important to the country as they are in the uk , because most of them are just unskilled textile workers and not young gratuated talents . 
  ok but what does naples have to do with rest of italy ? 
  actually , tuscany is [ well above average ] ( http://blog.zonageografia.scuola.com/wp-content/uploads/2015/02/istat_2014_speranza_vita_regiioni.jpg ) both for men and women . 
  sardinia is above average , but only for the women . 
  but was n't germany the only country benefiting from the ez or now the slogan has changed ? 
  numbeo would be good if there were only real and verified datas , pity everyone can write and edit it , and often lies to make a city look good/bad . 
  everything is better than numbeo, 
  press the  on the left of economy, 
  why are economic datas the same for every city of a country and are n't the actual datas of a said city ? 
  i mean , milan and naples ' gdp per capita are on par and so are munich and berlin 's and so on ... 
  the difference is most of eu countries want to move forward integration , not to get opt outs and go backward . 
  pratically what you 're saying is that you want to get your special opt-outs and if someone else want them they can have them too , the important is that you have them . 
  if even the remainers do n't want the eu go forward with its project , then i really think the uk did a right move voting out . 
  europe must be fully integrated both politically and economically , every country against it should get out , without rancour , the door is always open . 
   so can the eu be changed or are people wrong to expect it to change ? 
  you seem to be saying both . 
  have you read another post of mine ? 
  the eu can be changed , and often `` people '' should be blaming their own government instead of the eu , for doing nothing to change the union . 
  blaming everything on the eu is no-sense and naive , do n't you think your politicians are to blame too ? 
  btw , could we all please stop using the fallacy of `` people '' ?
