  you 're uselessly contorting the question : imports in italy have decreased ( but not so much ) because of the domestic crisis , what a surprise ? 
  italy did n't substitute the domestic demand for the external one out of nowhere . 
  at most the latter has increasingly been always more relevant due , again , to the crisis which lowered internal consumptions while at the same time exports increased . 
  it 's not hard . 
  of course the gdp would n't have decreased so bad ( though italy 's first issue is with investments ) if internal spending did n't decline , but i do n't get what has that got to do with exports perfomances . 
   the problem is that inside the euro area a lower level of unemployment in troubled countries means a higher level of imports and hence a poorer trade balance not necessarily , it 's just enough that exports grow more than imports do . 
   because 1 italian euro = 1 german euro so what ? 
  you 're putting it like italian exports do n't grow because the euro is too strong for us . 
   because germany has a far higher trade surplus . 
  it has always been like that , having an high trade surplus is a structural thing for germany . 
   furthermore , exports are temporarily being enhanced by an expansionary monetary policy ( qe ) and record low oil prices . 
  that 's the same in the rest of eurozone , yet our exports have been among the fastest growing in the recent period . 
   even though both are correlated with the gdp imports , more or less . 
  the same is not valid for exports : think of italy 2012 . 
   what is being said is that exports constitute less than half of the picture . 
  what picture to start with ? 
  i was replying to the statement that southern european exports are declining because euro is too strong for them . 
   gdp is not only correlated with both exports and imports , but also with the domestic market performance . 
  i am not talking about gdp indeed . 
   it means the country is piling up external debt to finance the trade deficit . 
  then italy is in a great shape i guess ? 
   if net exports grow because imports are collapsing you 're substituting domestic demand for external demand and the net effect may not be positive . 
  that 's not the case here , both imports and domestic demand in italy have not collapsed . 
  imports of goods is back to 2007 levels and domestic consumptions are down just a bit more than 4 % since 2007 , and at the current growth rates they are likely to recover around 2020 , for sure way before the gdp will . 
  in the last years italian and spanish exports showed among the best performances in europe . 
   in short , it 's the balance along with export and import trends what matters . 
  again , we are talking about exports , not trade balance . 
  there is not a clear and solid correlation between the perfomance of exports and imports . 
  we are talking about exports perfomances . 
  what do imports and trade balances have to do with this ? 
  do you think exports have risen in italy and spain because imports have gone down ? 
  we are talking about exports , not trade balance . 
  prices depurated by the effects of inflation ( and currency swings ) . 
  but that 's not the question here , i was referring to the fact that italian and spanish exports have definitely fairly grown in the last years and both the countries have hit record-high levels . 
  use constant prices then . 
  anyway , i thought we were talking about southern europe 's exports perfomances . 
  then their exports must have declined , right ? 
  just to let you know , according to your argument , euro is also too weak for italy and spain . 
  it 's not , because the uk and france have very developed service sectors and are fundamentally consumptions-based economies with large trade deficits . 
  italy for instance does have an higher manufacturing value added than both france and the uk in absolute terms too , but its service sector is definitely underdeveloped compared to these countries . 
  the secondary sector also includes constructions . 
  also germany 's population in that period has stagnated while the uk 's has substantially raised . 
  this definitely affects the gdp growth rate as it 's not per capita . 
  crisis in southern europe due to shrinking of domestic consumptions and investments , that has dragged other countries ( including germany ) in recession in some quarters . 
  the scale is just too big to use one color gradient . 
   it 's around 1.8 where ireland is 4.7 yr around 40 % is n't that what i said ? 
  sadly for these datas there is to wait really a lot . 
  eurostat published 2013 datas a year ago , let 's see when they will post datas for 2014 , maybe in the next weeks . 
  if you are so interested in ppp , you may want to look at the disposable income ppp-adjusted ( by nuts-2 region ) [ map ] ( https://jakubmarian.com/wp-content/uploads/2016/09/nuts2-disposable-income-europe.jpg ) then . 
   i believe that the `` true worth '' associated with any economy is ( most ) objectively gauged by the standard of living that it offers/delivers to the people that work in it [ ... ] also encompasses access to trade , subjective beliefs regarding value and stability in times of war , etc. 
  oh , finally is clear to me you were talking about standards of living ( and now quality of life too ) and not about gdp !, 
   anyway , the `` true '' objective worth is given by the gdp . 
   and not by some artificial metric they are called currencies and are not exactly artificial metrics . 
   and when it comes to assessing standards of living , ppp is a must disposable income ppp for example , right ? 
   it is bit less i think now . 
  the share of population in dublin metro area ? 
  it 's growing quite fast instead . 
  you 're really mixing up gdp with standards of living , i repeat . 
  how much an economy is worth --  nominal gdp how high the standards of living are --  disposable income , average wage , wealth per capita , purchase power etc. 
   i would argue that ppp plays a big role . 
  maybe standards of living , not gdp ppp . 
   if bucharest were to declare independence from romania , i can guarantee that those gdp values would drop fast because they do n't only indicate how much the economy of bucharest is worth this is valid for a lot of capitals all over the world . 
  the gdp still indicates how much their economies is worth , they just host companies who operate across the country and have their hqs there ( for example a electricity distributor company ) that would have to relocate if the capital was to be independent , but this would be the same both using nominal gdp and gdp ppp . 
  the gdp per capita gap ratio between regions in the same country is also the same in europe both using nominal and ppp datas . 
   at least as far ppp is concerned , which is much more relevant to your or mine standard of living . 
  please stop using gdp ppp , really . 
  gdp is not supposed to measure the standards of living , it never was and it never will . 
  if you are interested in gdp there is gdp , if you are interested in standards of living there are other measures , be it [ household disposable income ] ( http://www.oecdbetterlifeindex.org/topics/income/ ) ( you can find it in `` household net adjusted disposable income '' under `` indicators '' on the right ) , [ wealth per adult ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_countries_by_wealth_per_adult ) , [ purchase power ] ( http://imgur.com/a/qwqgm ) etc. 
   in ppp so , not in the reality . 
  the migration patterns are not strictly correlated with wealth . 
  you have to consider the sociocultural conditions of that country . 
  also i already wrote in the introduction that gdp per capita is not a measure of standard of livings but just of * how much an economy is worth * , it seems like you 're talking about them in your last phrase . 
  if you are referring to standards of living then you might be right to some extent , but gdp per capita is another thing . 
  eh , with qatar the example did n't work :d saudi arabia is n't nearly as rich as qatar though and it 's very likely the uk is richer than them . 
  when measuring productivity you also have to take in account the hours worked per employed person and per capita . 
  but dublin also accounts for a huge part of the irish economy and has a metro area which hosts 40 % of ireland 's population . 
  warsaw itself was at 114 % of the eu average in 2014 . 
   also one of the annoyances to me on this map are most regions not being equal . 
  they are nuts-2 regions . 
   for instance , the entirety of republic of ireland as a region ? 
  for ireland the data is available only for the country as a whole . 
  that 's it , now you made a very realistic example and that 's why qatar is among the richest countries in the world . 
  qatar produces and export a resource pratically everybody needs with relatively few competitors on a world scale and that 's why they have a shitload of money . 
  also qatar 's gdp ppp per capita is the highest in the world while by nominal gdp per capita ( which is way lower than its gdp ppp per capita in absolute terms too ) qatar barely enters in the top 3 countries and with the latter measurement the gap with the uk would even decrease compared to using ppp . 
  there is still no need to adjust its gdp to ppp only because goods have different prices all over the world . 
   since you seem to have a propensity for basic analogies i need to make examples to be understood easier . 
   i would argue that a bottle of water in the middle of the sahara is valued ( in $ ) at a much higher rate than a bottle of water in a the midlands . 
   the fact that there are in fact two markets , one for ali 's country and one for the uk seems to be a minor detail for you . 
  you answered by yourself , who lives in the middle of sahara except tuaregs ? 
  the people living in the sahara are wealthy enough to buy huge quantities of water bottles ? 
  there is a decent number of customers to allows ali to have higher revenues than john , who , despite selling at lower prices , has much more and far wealthier customers available ? 
  also consider that the uk is one of the strongest economies in the world , its companies are decently productive and can meet the economies of scale and increasing even more the value added . 
   john could actually buy more food than ali , even though the former is `` less productive '' at his job ( of producing and selling water ) again , you have to see how many bottles ali actually manages to sell . 
  john in general has a much larger and wealthier market , more resources available and far better infrastructures to deliver his bottles and making his company stronger . 
  john can even dares to export its bottles , not only thanks to lower prices but thanks to better material and immaterial infrastructural networks . 
  also this is quite a cherry-picking example as in general everyday 's consumption goods tend to be higher priced in richer and wealthier countries . 
   the economy of ali 's country delivers products of a much higher total market value ( read gdp ) than the uk . 
  if your example was realistic yes , it would . 
  but in reality it has n't because ali 's country is n't wealthy and popolous ( it 's not even near richer and wealthier countries , like for example it happens in the eu ) enough to meet economies of scale and making ali 's factory prosper . 
  ali 's factory would be a so called `` cathedral in the desert '' , and almost literally .
