  bulgaria ? 
   or how about how v4 hard cash saved your banks kek, 
  it just is n't that easy . 
  russia is one of the leading niche market in the world . 
  it 's hardly replaceable . 
  if you look at our textile , leather , footwear and furniture industrial districts ' main export partners russia is always in the top 3 together with france and germany , often before the us . 
  even in the metalworking , mechanics and electro-mechanics districts russia is one of the main export partner . 
  add that to overall exports doing meh ( like everywhere else in the world ) and a stagnant domestic market and our districts get serious issues . 
   this means that south tirol , with very little unemployment is disproportionately funding the unemployed in the south . 
  with the same taxes they are allowed to keep at 90 % for themselves ? 
  other northern regions are at about 65-75 % for instance . 
  this allows south tyrol to have great public services , high road quality etc. 
  they would dream of if they had the deal their neighbours have . 
  by the way , it 's not like unemployment benefits are a relevant part of the taxes one pays , come on . 
  edit : quote typo, 
  how does that affect south tyrol ? 
  and how exactly does southern italy affect south tyrol ? 
   with italy and france being notable standouts at 12 % and 11 % respectively . 
  source ? 
  according to the world bank italy is at 4 % and france at 3 %, 
   what will lifting sanctions do ? 
  showing that we are open to talk with them and avoiding that russia closes and militarizes itself even more . 
  by the way , russia is in crisis because of oil prices . 
  if it was n't for them , they would n't be that hurted by the sanctions , at least no more than a part of the economy of some eu countries . 
  for crimea , there 's been a referendum . 
  yes , illegal according to ukrainian constitution but it had a big turn-out . 
  it 's not like russia made a blitzkrieg and conquered crimea overnight ... putin is n't kim jong-un , you can actually seat at a table and talk with him . 
  he 's not a crazy dictator . 
  and i do n't see how this could lead to an invasion of the baltics and even poland , that 's mad , they are even part of the eu and their population firmly oppose russia . 
  if russia even dared to , there 'd be a war . 
  there 's no escalation risk . 
  there'a a reason if they will never do that even though they 'd be able to conquer their neighbouring nations in a couple of days . 
  russia is a nuclear power , we ca n't treat them like like they were sub-humans without dignity . 
  what have the sanctions changed ? 
  except that the eu relationship with russia have deteriorated even more and a lot of sectors got economically hit . 
  i do n't recall there has been a serious talk with the russians . 
  so if there 's something wrong with someone you do n't try to talk with him and try to fix what 's wrong , you either look the other way or directly slap his face, 
  yes because the only alternative to silence are random sanctions . 
  of course finland has , at the moment , other economic troubles ( that 's valid for italy and greece especially ) that make the growth harder , it 's not that countries are stagnating because of sanctions to russia but nevertheless they do damage a part of a country 's economy , its exports , its manufacturing and agricultural sectors , a lot of small entrepreneurs and smes who placed their trust on russia ( and other emerging countries ) to keep up their production , and puts in hard times even the bigger companies and their suppliers which had on russia their recovery 's lighthouse in years of domestic crisis and falling internal demand . 
  false dichotomy , i never said eu had to do nothing . 
  agreements indeed , not sanctions . 
  by definition , in the first ones there 's someone gaining while in the latters everyone loses . 
  indeed , sanctions are n't made for economic profits but for political ones , more or less embraceable, 
  yes it 's true . 
  while of course a part of the eu exports drop is due to russia 's own crisis , another part it 's due the sanctions . 
  eu exports to russia have fallen by almost 40 % compared to the peak reached in 2013 ( from $ 120bn to $ 74bn ) . 
  i have specific datas for italy alone that had a several billions $ drop , mostly : machinery ( - $ 648,3 mln ) , textile products/clothes ( - $ 539,2 mln ) , vehicles ( - $ 399,1 mln ) , footwear/leather products ( - $ 369,4 mln ) , metal products ( - $ 259,8 mln ) , furnitures ( - $ 230,2 mln ) and electrical equipment ( - $ 195,7 mln ) . 
  also - $ 400mln for the agri-food sector which was directly hit by the sanctions . 
  germany , poland , france and above all finland had a serious drop in trade with russia too . 
  this ofc does n't mean russia is the good guy , they have a lot of faults . 
  but sanctioning them and thinking that now this will fix russia 's aggresive foreign policy wo n't make things better either . 
  yes , it is a big market , and relatively close to europe ( at least its european part , where 80 % of russians live ) , close enough to send goods on trucks there and that 's a big logistic advantage , while you need to use containers for trading with china or the us ( which are of course huge markets though ) . 
  while russia is a country with big inequalities , in the last 15 years it has developed a decent middle-class , and part of it can easily afford western goods ( western cars , for one ) , and a ( although small ) part of its population is very wealthy and constitutes one of the leading market for the niche products , be them precious wine , shoes and leather products , or refined furniture . 
  it also has a sizeable manufacturing sector that allows companies to export there non-consumption goods too , such as machinery , chemical products or vehicle parts . 
  yes , they took a big dive with the current crisis and the following rub devaluation and inflation , but reports say they may be start seeing recovery even since 2017 . 
  for sure they are n't a poor country either . 
  also sanctions are n't for sure going to fix what 's wrong with them . 
  it depends on the cities available . 
  from rome up north things are quite expensive ( more or less like france , still less expensive than scandinavia ) , while the south is generally cheaper , especially for rents . 
  the other southern european countries as a whole are definitely cheaper than italy though . 
  he said * i share * though , dunno if he lives alone or with other people  where would you apply ? 
  iirc op lives in bari which has among the lowest rents in the country this [ site ] ( https://welt.carto.com/viz/eaf32094-0d2c-11e6-97ba-0ef7f98ade21/embed_map ) gives a good perspective europe-wide, 
  in italy too . 
  women have on average 15-20 points less than males when it comes to the percentuage of young people living with parents . 
   in greece , people used to live in their family homes until they were about to marry and move to a new home of their own ( with their spouse ) where they 'd start their own family . 
  even people who fared better ( economically ) did that . 
  same in italy, 
  * dear beloved ~ ~ customer ~ ~ son , during this month of permanence in our house , you consumed : * * * 11 kg of pasta * * * 4 kg of first quality meat * * * 9 kg of generic food * * * 27 1-litre water bottles * * * 260 kwh * * * 1711 litres of water * * also , $ 20/h for 3 hours of me washing your clothes , hoovering and dusting your room * * so you have to pay ... $ 497 more $ 2,5 for the tax stamp . 
  * * you can pay with cash or with a cheque , we 're not acccepting credit or debit cards though . 
  * * thanks in advance , hope you 'll keep enjoying our valuable services . 
  that map is a bit outdated though . 
  lombardy and trentino alto adige are richer than veneto , and germany is richer than japan , gdp/capita-wise . 
  edit : this [ map ] ( https://i.imgur.com/xhi4mkn.png ) is more reliable , 
   whoa , i did n't see this at first . 
  lol that 's how conspiracy theorists call people , not me . 
   the elections saw bersani win both the primaries and the elections . 
  bersani won the primaries in 2012 . 
  renzi the ones in 2013 . 
  he was appointed by the por as the secretary of the leading italian party . 
  bersani did n't win the elections , his coalition did . 
   again , i do n't see why a person who did n't belong to the parliament and that was vetoed by the citizens was appointed as a prime minister . 
  being member of the parliament is not a condition to become pm . 
  also , vetoed by the citizens , wat ? 
  did anyone vote to ban renzi from becoming something ? 
   in the early days of the imperial rome things like these would have been settled very easily , because at least the army would have had its say on the matter . 
  luckily we 're a democratic country free from army 's disturbance . 
  trade surplus = / = budget surplus, 
  people --  chambers --  president of republic -- ( chambers ' trust ) --  pm . 
  people do n't elect directly him and the president of the republic has n't any kind of duty to appoint the coalition 's leader - also such figure does n't exist in our constitution or law system . 
  there 's no obligation at all to appoint the coalition 's leader , i repeat . 
  renzi had become secretary of his party in 8 december 2013 , before he was appointed . 
   you seem to know a lot about italian politics discretely , thank you . 
   tell me , who does elect the pm in italy ? 
  the pm is appointed by the president of the republic , gets the `` trust '' from the two chambers . 
  if the `` trust '' decays he goes home . 
  the people ( or * laggente * , it 's the same ) , elect the members of the two chambers . 
  clear enough ? 
  edit : two words, 
  italy is a parliamentarian republic . 
  you do n't elect the pm .
