  because western european countries have been unique nations since centuries , unlike italy and germany . 
  in italy , our economic centers in the middle age have always been milan , turin , bologna and venice . 
  the eastern european countries invested every money in their capital , that 's why they are so rich compared to the rest of these countries, 
  yes it was an understatement , that 's what i meant . 
  we do n't have regions having a crazy gdp per capita compared to the national average , just a crazy north-south gap, 
  no , it 's about ( west ) inner london, 
  it 's west inner london ( gdp per capita = 152,116 eur ), 
  well , rome is the cultural and political capital of italy , but when it comes to finance and industry , milan has no rivals ( rome felt the crisis more than milan did , so the gap between the cities got bigger ) . 
  just look at the fiscal residue for lombardy and lazio . 
  except germany we 're the only eu country where the capital metro area is not the economic motor of the country :d germany had troubles with ddr , that explains why berlin is even lower the german average . 
  exactly . 
  anyway this list seems a bit understimating the population , naples has a 4kk inhabitants metro area , turin a 2kk one . 
  poor is your country at most , italy is the 3rd net contributor to the eu budget , wake up . 
  actually there are a lot of opinions regarding the extension of milan metropolitan area . 
  milan has 1,3 kk inhabitants , its province 3,2 kk . 
  if we count the northern neighboring provinces ( monza brianza , como and lecco ) we arrive to 5kk , if we take in account varese and bergamo as well we 're at almost 7kk . 
  considering every neighboring provinces ( pavia , lodi , cremona and novara - the last one is in piedmont and not in lombardy ) we 're at 8,5 kk inhabitants . 
  yea , this is more updated , ty . 
  could n't find that map but [ here ] ( http://m.imgur.com/zirjpjl ) there is a similar one . 
  ah , do you mean the people in charge to control the money from eu budget , where are the funds spent and so on ? 
  i do n't think they are very much . 
  does eu force you to use eu money to employ people ? 
  employing people in the public sector is bad imho , they are not as productive as the private workers . 
  we should use those money in infrastructural projects and to help factories . 
  it 's czech republic, 
  an institution like the eu ca n't judge according to a index made by a private foundation . 
  corruption is not the only thing serbia has n't been allowed yet because of . 
  55 % of the vatican city is made up by vatican gardens, 
   according to insider sources , the redesigned `` south stream '' project will be consistent with the terms of the third liberalisation package of the eu , which was the reason of the cancellation of the original project . 
  south stream is not only a bulgarian business inside the eu . 
  eu may put the money for bulgaria through the cohesion funds, 
  by * information available * do you mean * perception * ? 
  that southern italy is much more corrupt than the european average is a fact , but * perception * index are n't a proof at all . 
  why should n't they ? 
  it 's in their own interests . 
  well , all the countries with a trade surplus are enjoying the weak euro . 
  south stream * might * be built as well . 
  the bulgarian pm [ considered it ] ( http://www.standartnews.com/english/read/south_stream_gas_pipeline_is_back_on-10463.html ) some weeks ago . 
  hopefully it will be realized as well as the north stream for the benefits of the whole eu . 
  i was talking in general . 
  of course ee countries must be involved in common decisions , but once eu take them to everyone have to respect them . 
  i understand you but it 's not fair to keep accepting eu money without accepting common decisions . 
  polish gdp per capita is about 70 % of the eu average . 
  unless european commision stops giving you money , there 's no way you can get a surplus towards the eu in the next years . 
  this does n't change the fact that poland is actually growing very fast and improving in everything . 
  butthurt ? 
  you 're the one who insults people . 
   italy is less educated then the netherlands on average educated ? 
  maybe you mean tertiary education . 
  this does n't mean anything btw : i could say that while you 're studying we work in the factories , hardworking as soon as school ends up . 
   they work less hours a week on average this is absolutely false : the oecd rank i posted above shows clearly the amount of yearly worked hours . 
  average italian works 1743 hours producing 53 usd each hour : 92.379 usd is the net productivity . 
  average dutch works 1425 hours producing 65 usd each hour : 92.625 usd is the net productivity . 
  you won by 246 usd , congrats !, 
  this explains without any doubt that the dutch are way way way more productive than anyone else !!, 
  useless to comment about the gdp per capita rank : omitting that yours is an outdated rank , gdp only shows the `` richness '' produced by a country . 
  qatar and the other oil nations are always on the top here : this does n't have anything to do with the productivy , but only with oil or * ports * . 
  have a look at [ median wealth ] ( https://medianism.files.wordpress.com/2013/11/median-adult-wealth1.png ) , if italians were poor how come we 're on the top in this rank ? 
  were n't we lazy , unproductive people ? 
  alpin macroregion with southern germany , switzerland , austria and northern italy ? 
  or blue banana as a whole . 
  our flag will be a chiquita banana blue painted . 
  12 hours and still no answer . 
  what 's up ? 
  ca n't you find actual statistics or have you hidden yourself behind your pc after having insulted people and getting humiliated ? 
  cameron is a nuts ? 
  then show your nuts , i 'm waiting . 
  out of curiosity , when is your president going to refuse eu funds , if eu sucks ? 
  you can use the term `` lazy '' to address your mother with . 
  i do n't even answer you , i already did with another deadbeat with damaged brain few hours ago , you can read that . 
  over and out , i do n't want to insult anyone this morning , especially after he deleted his account for the shame to be on reddit, 
  alright , but this human tick can use the term `` lazy '' to address one of his closest relative with , at most . 
  spain and italy are already there for productivity level then this deadbeat ( i did n't even understand who the duck he is , if he is a male or a girl or where hole he got out from ) lost an occasion to shut up . 
  i do n't even know where to start . 
  for sure we got the functional illiterate of the week . 
  wan na talk about debt ? 
  let 's do it . 
  spanish debt is lower than the gdp of the country . 
  italian debt is held at 75 % inside the country . 
  then it 's not your business ( in the industraliazed nations only japan has an higher percentuage of the debt held inside the country than us ) . 
  wan na talk about productivity ? 
  let 's do it . 
  [ here ] ( http://www.asymptosis.com/wp-content/uploads/2015/06/screen-shot-2015-06-29-at-6.06.17-am.png ) you can find the gdp per hour worked . 
  if you multiply it with the [ average hours worked ] ( https://stats.oecd.org/index.aspx?datasetcode=anhrs ) per years , you 'll see who 's the productive and who 's not . 
  i mean , you are talking as if all over the europe only the dutch worked and the rest of europeans were having a drink . 
  you should be ashamed even in behalf of your nation . 
  i 'm not going to attack the netherlands , a very beatiful country , it 'd put me at your same level . 
  could i know what money did we ask for ? 
  how much ? 
  when ? 
  italy was never bailed out and we 're a net contributor to the eu budget as well . 
  italians are actually in the top 3 of the wealthiest people in the eu , and the excuse * they 're wealthy because they do n't pay their taxes !, 
  ! 1111 * is just a nice try , because the highest level of wealth in italy is in the regions with tax fraud as % of gdp lower than the german percentuage . 
  eurostat , oecd and so on made an hard and actual work to write all those statistics you 're ignoring , if i was working for them i 'd spit in your face after reading such amount of things denied by statistics and lacking of actual sources and with a completely estrangement from the reality . 
  thank god most of the statistics are accessible to everyone , just read them . 
  i 'm waiting for a your reply with relative statistics and actual facts included , you mythomaniac, 
  not that bad . 
  gap with southern italy is getting every year bigger because northern italy lost much less due to the crisis than southern italy did and northern italy is currently at a relatively fast growing rate compared to the southern regions . 
  maybe it 's cossiga ( president during the 80s though ) criticizing schumacher for dancing during italian national anthem , in 2000 . 
  destroyed is a * huge * word .
