   so why did you join in the euro , and even more importantly , stay in the eurozone ? 
  in 90s euro was more a political goal rather than an economic one . 
  one had no way of knowing . 
  getting out the euro now may make some problems worse , ie much higher risk of capital flight as italians would get about 25-30 % poorer on international level if we were to return to lira , due to devaluations . 
   the guy i was responding to was talking about introducing eurobonds i was referring to this indeed . 
  no , that 'd be borrowing on everyone 's credit card , more the idea of a common eu mofinance would be much stronger with eurobonds , that 'd avoid countries exploiting this situation too . 
  also , the difference between italy and the netherlands in long term interest rate is 1,06 % . 
  in case of eurobonds we 'd meet at say 0,5 % less for us ane the same percentuage more for you : there is a difference , sure , but not that relevant . 
  it 's not 2011 anymore . 
  i thought you wrote about southern europe more specifically , but ok does n't matter . 
   i have been in most of those states and while the people are lovely their attitudes towards certain things are ... odd to say the least . 
  care to explain ? 
  anyway , for the final part , i agree with you . 
  indeed i was making an example . 
  other countries that face comparable or sometimes bigger problems with the things you wrote are n't held back by them . 
   my good how often do i have to repeat myself . 
  where had you written about southern europe 's other faults ? 
  maybe i missed them . 
   looking down upon `` hard working business owners '' by who ? 
  italy has the [ highest number of businesses ] ( http://ec.europa.eu/eurostat/statistics-explained/images/f/f6/number_of_enterprises%2c_persons_employed_and_gross_value_added_%28gva%29_and_the_share_of_smes%2c_2012.png ) in the whole union . 
  if anything , that 's one of the main italian structural problems . 
  also , while being stereotypically associated with southern europe , tax evasion ( let alone corruption ) in some eastern countries is way worse than greece 's and they are having nice gdp growth rate . 
  you ca n't blame southern europe 's structural faults on these three things . 
   yes i did ( well one actually in the south , italy ) , thank the east for that . 
  italy has been a net contributor for a long time , way before 2004 . 
  for the other part ,  we 've applied this austerity approach since the 1970/80s , it has made us one of the richest countries in europe , and by extension the world . 
  applying austerity did n't bring you among the richest countries in europe , you already were . 
  correlation does n't imply causation , you know . 
   the south has seen massive economic expansion initially because of the euro , this was based on huge balloons that upon collapse had to be corrected . 
  uhm , in italy it did n't go like that , unlike in spain , greece and ireland . 
  it 's since 2000 we do n't have an gdp growth  2 % . 
  our gdp per capita is the same as 1997 , even greece does n't perform as badly . 
  looking at gdp growth , italy was in trouble before the crisis as we know it . 
   and the italians should be looking into that as well instead of shifting their burden to our backs . 
  has renzi asked money to you guys ? 
  https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/cassa_per_il_mezzogiorno and it costed us roughly the current equivalent amount of $ 450bn . 
  partially , it worked . 
  it worked for the northernmost areas where the * cassa * was active : i.e. 
  abruzzo and southern lazio ( areas where there 's not a local mafia , that 's helped a lot ) , who have nowadays a share of employment in manufacturing and manufacturing added value per capita way higher than the eu average , often at northern italian levels . 
  to a little extent , it worked near naples and bari - let alone the former two areas , these provinces are the ones really decently industrialized in southern italy . 
  nearly all the rest is pratically an industrial desert but some exceptions , for example the * etna valley productive district * near catania , where there is a lot of hi-tech stuff : a stm plant employing 15k people and other tech companies , both factories and r&d centers . 
  or the fca plant in melfi , employing 8k people directly and much more in its linked activities , which is currently booming af ; thanks to it basilicata had 5,5 % gdp growth last year compared to the national average of 0,8 % . 
  but they are happy exceptions . 
  the truth is that nobody is going to open anymore a factory in southern italy , especially sicily and calabria , the most peripheral regions . 
  a multinational willing to open a plant in europe will go in slovakia or hungary . 
  or romania , poland . 
  much cheaper cost of workforce , less taxes , better bureaucracy and judiciary system , often better infrastructures compared to our southernmost regions , more central location - closer to germany/france/benelux etc. 
  it 's already an half-dream for us that someone opens a factory in italy , but they for sure wo n't be going more south than naples . 
  once there were a lot of state-owned factories in the south , but they ( mostly steel mills ) closed down in early 90s . 
  in general the whole western europe lost a lot of its industry in the 90s , the main exceptions were germany thanks to its large companies and competitive * mittelstands * , the other is italy that during the 80s switched from heavy to light industry thanks to a huge amount of micro and small enterprises ( way less competitive than germany 's * mittelstands * though ) specialized in niche textile and leather products , mechatronics stuff , rubber and plastic compounds , ceramical tiles , furnitures , vehicle parts for the german car markers , metal products ecc . 
  but the south was n't able to enjoy this industrial reconversion . 
   i hate toll , if only for standing in line at these boots hussling with credit cards and cash electronic pass ? 
  does malaga have actually an high quality of life ? 
  take into account too that turin was hit by the crisis way harder than milan . 
   in spain i think they got cadiz ( ? ), 
  rather than seville . 
  if you dont even know the difference between anti-seismic improvement and adjustment and that in the public buildings nobody died you should just shut up instead of talking about things you do n't know and things you have zero competence and knowledge to dare to be talking about them . 
  i still have a doubt about his nationality :d, 
  yeah but that may be an attempt to let people believe he is in order to shame germany , look at his history , not even a comment in german language, 
  right , but it has to be said that eu faced the eurocrisis in 2011-2013 unlike the us and japan , let alone the gfc which hit pretty everyone . 
  in the us , the [ employment rate ] ( http://www.tradingeconomics.com/united-states/employment-rate ) is still more than 4 points lower than in 2007 , whereas in europe - taking of course into account the huge differences between countries and regions - it 's roughly the same of the 2008 , the pre-crisis peak . 
  when analyzing gdp growth instead , it 's clear that the us had a much higher resilience than europe . 
  yeah it was over 15 % in 2011, 
  not by ilo unemployment method used by eurostat . 
  that 's ilo unemployment by eurostat , same method for everyone, 
  he 's a troll , imho he 's not a german, 
  [ eurostat pdf report ] ( http://ec.europa.eu/eurostat/documents/2995521/7601593/3-31082016-ap-en.pdf/c416f4ad-a1b4-4d29-b0f4-2adc41d4c951 ), 
  source : eurostat , [ unemployment statistics ] ( http://ec.europa.eu/eurostat/statistics-explained/index.php/unemployment_statistics ), 
  he looks like a younger hollande, 
  it killed a bit more than 2900 people tbh and actually the esteem of the cost has been lifted up to current $ 62bn few years ago . 
  irpinia 's earthquake is always used as an example of how things * should n't * work opposed to the perfect management of friuli 's 1976 earthquake , where the central government delegated everything to local friulan politicians and not even # 1 was wasted , then they applied the same method for irpinia ignoring the huge difference in quality and trustworthiness of local institutions and they got one of italy 's biggest waste and camorra having the century 's deal, 
  a plot ?!?!, 
  kill the 0,01 % and deal ; , 
  good to heard , but be always ready to punish the sinners, 
   there was some woman who did it on a reality show has she at least burned to the stake ? 
  well i have seen several pics about pasta with ketchup from the us . 
  use the army to bring freedom ( from heresies and sins ) to yourselves, 
  so you finally gave up on using ketchup in pizza ? 
  * now next step , spread the holy word and go burn people using ketchup on pasta, 
   so the people in berlin earn nearly the same as the whole country . 
  produce , not earn ; remember that gdp per capita is not an income, 
  italy was n't doing too great in 2001-2007 period either . 
  except 2006 which posted a 2 % growth , the gdp growth has averaged 1 % yearly or something like that . 
  in eastern europe most of the financial , commercial , to some extent industrial activities and companies are in the capital city and in its hinterland ( let 's not forget they are where almost all the fdis to those countries go too ) and they are really disproportionately rich compared to the rest of the country . 
  the drop would maybe be comparable to france or greece 's - if not higher , for some countries . 
  130 now, 
  thanks !, 
  i am sorry you took so many downvotes , but maybe some people got you wrong and have seen your comments as provocative and trollish , happy everything is clarified now . 
   remember though that sweden had a severe bank crisis in 1992 yes i know , indeed in the late 90s you overtook us again and had one of the highest gdp growth in the developed world since then . 
  i saw this comment just now ; italy in the 50s had n't an economic boom yet and was a rather poor agrarian country . 
  but things change and in the 60s and the 70s there has been an economic boom based on industrialization that made italy become the 4th wolrd economy in the late 80s and overtaking austria , belgium and sweden 's gdp per capita in the early 90s . 
  just fyi , italy is either first or second in pretty every kind of industrial production in europe , and third for some things . 
  for example , we 're the first clothes , shoes , leather stuff and ceramics products producer , we 're the second after germany for mechanics and mechatronics industry , furniture , domestic appliances , production of assembled goods for the home , pharmaceutical products ( we may overtake germany soon here ) , vehicle parts , rubber and plastic products , robotics etc. 
  also italy is a world leader in machinery together with japan and germany and has the highest share of people employed in manufacturing activities in western europe . 
  you may not know the names of the brands because they 're little family-run businesses that often sell their products to the big german , french or american multinationals , for example lots of vehicle parts of the german car companies it 's made in italy . 
  come in one of our thousands of industrial areas and see ... 
  55k , to be correct . 
  do n't look just at unemployment variation , often it 's meaningless . 
  look at the employment rate variation : in 2007 we had roughly 58 % employment rate with 6 % unemployment ( 64 % activity rate ) , now it 's 57 % employment rate with 11 % unemployment ( 68 % activity rate ) . 
  in less than a year or so we may return to the pre-crisis employment level .
