  who are these people ? 
   and polls were showing if cameron had got substantial reforms to the eu in his negotiation before the vote , remain was expected to get about 70 % of the votes . 
  `` substantial reforms '' aka special concessions only for the uk because it 's the uk . 
  no thanks , you are always free to leave . 
  your governments never did anything to change the union in better for everyone , they just asked special things for themselves . 
  would you call this `` changing the eu '' ? 
  no , it 's not . 
  everyone is free to leave . 
  if there 's no effort in changing and you do n't care about the eu , i already wrote i respect your decision to leave . 
  the eu must not give any country special concessions to stay in the union . 
   most working people across europe do n't want a united states of europe . 
  countries like italy and france will leave , they wo n't end their nationhood for a use wanted only by the political elite . 
  source ? 
  why are you so sure about it ? 
   70 % of that growth comes from exports in the eu 70 % of romanian export going to eu countries = / = 70 % of romanian gdp growth due to exports to eu countries, 
  who are these people ? 
  on behalf of who are you talking about ? 
  `` more countries '' such as ? 
  yes . 
  even west berlin is definitely poorer than other major german cities because during the cold war it was in a totally fucked-up geographic position , surrounded by the ddr and a lot of companies moved elsewhere . 
   it 's fine in its current level of power . 
  then why the uk leaved the eu lol ? 
  btw i 'd like to know how federalization is going to destroy the eu, 
   the eu is n't perfect and shows no prospect of being perfect the eu is an human creation and as such it can be changed and it will never be perfect . 
  it of course can improve and be always perfectible . 
  things are not going to change if you wait for them . 
  the uk has never proposed something useful but for its own interests . 
  who 's the eu ? 
  it 's not some sort of grey palace but it 's formed by people , people from 28 countries . 
  i respect the leave decision , but at least have the decency to admit you never really cared about the eu and expected someone to change things for you while being the 3rd most important country in the union, 
   which is why you have to use predictions from before they joined . 
  which all suggest they have done better since joining than they would have . 
  what kind of predictions made before 1953 suggested italy would have done worse if it had n't founded the eu ? 
  what kind of predictions were made in the 50s lol ? 
  ehm , are you aware italy was one of the founding member ? 
   advanced sectors that 's the key . 
  most of northern italy has a scarce tertiarization of employment , very few people employed in finance and it , maybe it has the lowest share of people employed in public sector jobs in europe too . 
  take in account mechanics/mechatronics manufacturing is not even included , and these industries together with the older fields such as textile , furniture , steel and iron products , ceramics etc. 
  make up most of our manufacturing , so the map is n't surprising . 
  veneto and marche , both in red ( like u/tehzodiac said ) have the highest share of workforce employed in manufacturing activities ( 29-30 % ) in western europe together with baden-w\u00fcrttemberg , the problem is these jobs are pretty low-added-value workplaces in low tech fields employing people often having just a primary educarion . 
  they have the lowest unemployment rate in the eu, 
  how do you explain germany in the first world position then ? 
  if you look at the european countries on the map , the higher their manufacturing output the better they are ranked, 
  well they never had negative net migration in the past decade ( maybe they had in 90s , dunno about it ), 
  they are n't the only country with a trade surplus, 
  now i see it on the first page, 
  are ukrainians moving to bulgaria by any chance ? 
  they give their datas to eurostat . 
  ukraine is maybe the country with the fastest population drop in europe . 
  it 's that if the births for 1000 people are higher than the deaths for 1000 people you have a natural growth . 
  if you have a very low mortality rate you can grow even with a birth rate < 2 . 
  some countries in the first category have healthy birth rates too for example france, 
  how about germany then ? 
  for `` improvement of standard of living '' i did n't mean just an improvement just for the single person , but for the socioeconomic condition of the country too . 
  a richer and more developed country is more likely to ensure the women an higher level of education . 
  in general , these two things are n't strictly leaked but go hand in hand . 
  that 's somewhat correlate with an improvement of standard of living imho, 
  the only thing that is going to reduce birth rates in the african countries is either an improvement in standard of living , and it will take decades ; a china-style policy , almost impossibile to realize in the sub-saharan countries ; saturation of the natural resources for the people living there . 
  groups of countries with common characteristics * population increase due to positive natural change and positive net migration * : belgium , denmark , france , luxembourg , malta , netherlands , austria , slovenia , slovakia , finland , sweden , united kingdom * population increase due to positive natural change but negative net migration * : cyprus , ireland * population increase due to positive net migration but negative natural change * : germany , estonia , czech republic * population decrease due to negative natural change but positive net migration * : italy * population decrease due to negative natural change and negative net migration * : greece , spain , croatia , latvia , lithuania , bulgaria , hungary , poland , portugal , romania, 
  muslims are more likely to have sons , also the average is dragged up by the far poorer kurdish areas , [ here ] ( http://oi59.tinypic.com/24qqq7o.jpg ) 's a ( definitely outdated ) map , the western part is literally at more western-like rates . 
  source : eurostat , [ population and population change statistics ] ( http://ec.europa.eu/eurostat/statistics-explained/index.php/population_and_population_change_statistics ), 
  if you removee the old surface , do n't you have the small stones where the bitumen must be settled ? 
  they are all bullshits , but nobody expected something better from bbc either . 
   and what i meant by `` german '' is german speaking regardless of ethnic background that 's what i said , 62 % of the inhabitants of south tyrol speak german as first language  south tyrol mostly would like to join up austria purely on economical grounds , but also especially on cultural grounds . 
  are you actually talking on behalf of south tyroleans ? 
  ask yourself why s\u00fcdtiroler volkspartei / partito popolare sudtirolese has often the absolute majority of votes when they are allied with pd , the current ruling italian party and they are fine with the autonomies they are allowed to have of course , even the other autonomous regions do n't have as much power as they have . 
   south tyrol is by all intents and purposes austria south tyrol is neither austria nor italy `` by all intents and purposes '' , it 's tyrol , they are tyroleans . 
   * euro crisis turns german-speaking italians against rome * lol tell 'em to respect the queue behind the other northern italians then . 
  tell the provincial council in bolzano/bozen if they 'd fancy losing power and concessions in order to join austria . 
   and often used as a cash cow in times of economic crisis . 
  here we are to craziness , that 's the biggest lie . 
  south tyrol started being a net contributor to the national budget in the past years with the crisis , as they were the least hit region . 
  yet they contribute less [ per capita ] ( http://www.lozzodicadore.eu/blog/wp-content/uploads/2013/06/rfr-procapite.png ) not to mention [ raw terms ] ( http://www.lozzodicadore.eu/blog/wp-content/uploads/2013/06/rfr-per-regione.png ) than lombardy , which has a lower gdp per capita than south tyrol though , let alone veneto/emilia/piedmont ecc . 
  indeed , if we look at the [ cumulative fiscal residual ] ( http://www.finanzaonline.com/forum/attachments/arena-politica/1756311d1370551208t-dati-regionali-2012-shock-residuo-fiscale-saldo-attivo-per-95-miliardi-al-nord-chi-prende-e-chi-da.jpg ) ( primary surplus per region ) per capita in the 2000-2010 period , we 'll see that trentino-south tyrol gained money being a net recipient , not as much as the southern regions of course but still gained a lot of money , and they are the richest italian region whereas marche which has a lower gdp per capita than the national average is a net contributor . 
  is that fair ? 
  no , but nobody makes a fuss about south tyrol , they are pretty liked by everyone ( even because they know to manage money unlike someone else ) , but just do n't say they are used as a cash-cow . 
  ah , are we supposed to forget about the [ public expenses per capita ] ( http://www.sedriano.leganord.org/files/75x100_spesapubblica.jpg ) the south tyroleans enjoy , almost twice the average of northern italy ? 
   but that attitude doesnt really make sense anymore in 2016 i could n't care less about nationalistic attitudes from both the sides , we live in europe today . 
  but stop linking bs news and accept how things actually are , sorry but i pretend to know more about this situation than someone who lives thousands of kms from south tyrol and get informations through bbc - how would you feel if i started stating false assumptions about a part of your country of which i know for sure less than you do ? 
  italy too produces more pharmaceuticals than ireland for that matter . 
  also , your link says '' $ 39bn in annual exports of pharma , bio and chemistry produce '' , chemical and pharma industry are n't the same thing, 
  the point is , if the us go in 2 % recession and you go in 1 % recession , your gdp per capita will be relative closer to the us ' but still your gdp per capita would be lower than the past year and the real economic activities would shrink by a bit . 
  i do n't get why we should be using the us as a benchmark . 
  but what does even mean absolute growth compared to the world 's largest economy ? 
  who cares about the us ? 
  you have to look at the real gdp growth . 
  maybe you 're right , but in 0:29 it really seems they are repaving over the older bitumen ... or they might have chosen to put say 20 cm of bitumen and did it twice - before 10 cm and then 10 cm again, 
  nice work but ... should n't they remove the older bitumen before repaving ? 
   this makes no sense , those are the same thing . 
  no lol , the first is gdp per capita , the latter gdp in raw terms . 
   i ca n't know how brexit will affect it and i suspect , neither can you . 
  of course , i 'm not god ( yet ) . 
  i realize your point but really do n't understand what 's its usefulness ... does it really matter if an economy 's value is higher than another 's ? 
  at the end of the story , it 's the real richness produced which matters . 
  if the relative growth is made by currency swings then it 's not a growth ( like it 's not recession when the currency drops ) , it 's the real gdp which has to grow to make an economy actually expand itself . 
   we are showing that a country with 20 million less people than another country can scale its productivity quicker to overtake the dollar value of another . 
  nominal gdp per capita = / = productivity . 
  that country is overtaking the dollar value of the other country because of currency swings . 
   i made a point about absolute growth and you measure it through the real gdp growth , not the nominal gdp growth indeed . 
   ppp is not a perfect system of course , i fully agree .
