  different question . 
  switzerland is not in the eu , and is a very particular country . 
  the nordic ones are the nordic ones . 
  they do n't have industry , their strength is the public sector and the services , more the raw materials ( the oil and gas in norway ) that ensure a very quality welfare , and relatively few millions inhabitants . 
  i would n't say benelux is not industrialized , they are , despite having a very low % of workforce employed on the industry . 
  the rotterdam port is the biggest in europe , a lot of goods pass through it . 
  south east of the uk hosts london , the financial capital of the world . 
  do n't forget anyway that wealthness and richness are n't the same thing . 
  that 's what i 'm saying . 
  the uk is a very important financial center , but nowadays their industry is very small compared to the german or the italian one . 
   i use day to day is made in italy ( saw blades , tools , drill bits , materials ) that 's what our industries produce mostly ( the mechanical industries are especially in bergamo , vicenza , modena and reggio emilia provinces ) , together with furnitures , clothing and so on . 
  we do n't have big companies ( vw , bmw , bosch , basf . . ) like the germans , but this kind of countless smes exporting such things for their own . 
  no , it 's true now as well . 
  you ca n't build an economy only in finance and it fields . 
  the manufacturing industry must always be the founding basis of every economy . 
  the chinese ? 
  we can compete with them , we just have to be specialized on quality of the good , rather than quantity , where we ca n't beat them . 
  the 2 most industrial areas in europe ( southern germany and northern italy ) are the richest and the wealthiest as well . 
  an economy based on finance creates inequality and much less wealth than the industries do . 
  also , in europe only the uk , to some extent benelux , the scandinavian countries and france ( the last ones countries with a lot of statal workers , while imho the less you have the better ) completely rely on the services . 
  the other eu countries , italy and germany first , have in the industries their motor . 
  well , northern italy is the most polluted area of europe as well , together with flanders . 
  greater london is not a very industrial area , even though it 's the world financial capital . 
  veneto , and bavaria and emilia romagna as well , are very industrialized and rich regions , but seems like the `` 4 motors for europe '' project just wanted to pick only one region for country . 
  it 's also interesing the difference between the german provinces , where the first ones are the provinces with big companies inside ( vw for wolfsburg , audi for ingolstadt , basf for ludswighafen and related suppliers ; with an high added value for each employed ) while in italy the provinces are ordered for population ( more or less ) because we do n't have big companies with tens of billions of revenue like germany ( except fiat ) , but we have hundreds of thousands of smes , above all on those provinces , then we do n't have an high specialization on a certain field , but countless small and medium factories producing totally different goods . 
  i fully agree with you . 
  yeah , graphics could be better, 
  yep , northern italians have got more celtic influences than germanic ones . 
  well , the uk has been deindustrialized in 80s and in 90s . 
  manufacture only accounts to 15 % of your gdp , even though you remain the 4th manufacture in the eu . 
  now your strength is in the finance and in the banks ( london is the first financial center in the wolrd ) , instead we ( as italy ) have n't a very globalized economy , our motor is still the manufacturing factories . 
  i gave the credits to edison foundation !, 
  i 'm not the one who made the map , i just translated :p, 
  what do you mean ? 
  i understand your point and you 're right , but this map has been done according to those standards . 
  for example , we ( italy ) lose milan because only 37.3 bn eur ( 27/28 % of the province 's gdp ) is generated by the industries , they do n't arrive to 30 % ; and we lose turin because they do n't have 30 % of their workforce employed on the industry , despite being the location of fiat and having a added value of about 20 bn eur . 
  that 's the official presidential pic , who knows :d, 
  not only because they are big cities , they do n't satisfy the requirements of the map . 
  only 23 provinces in the eu have such standards , and they are in the map . 
  they are n't excluded just because often such areas host big companies ' hqs without having their own factories there , but because they do n't fulfill the requirements as well . 
  in this map there are the only 23 provinces which fulfilled the requirements i wrote above , used by edison foundation to make the map , and they took them by eurostat ( if you want i send you the report , it 's in italian language though ) . 
  in the pics you can see the difference between the added value for each employed in brescia and wolfsburg , yet brescia has just 3 times more the people employed in the industry than wolfsburg , not 10 times more . 
  cities ' provinces are excluded both because a lot of big companies have their hq in the city ( and factories elsewhere ) and because they do n't respect the requirements of  30 % of workforce employed on the industry ,  30 % of added value on the industry ( for example , milan province has a added value of 37.3 bn eur , yet that 's less than 30 % of the province 's gdp ) , and so on . 
  spanish industries are mostly concentrated near madrid and barcelona , this map excludes metropolitan cities because often big companies have their hq there but the city/province itself has no factories . 
  catalonia remains one of 4 motors for europe . 
  dunno , the author of the map may have inverted the colours, 
  source : edison foundation on eurostat datas . 
  criteria : % of added value on the industry  30 % % of workforce employed on the industry  30 % number of employed on the industry  20.000 added value for each employed on the industry  50.000 eur total added value on the industry  3 bn eur the big cities ' provinces ( hamburg , milan , berlin , turin , barcelona , madrid . . ) are excluded . 
  the typo the author made you mean ? 
  otherwise that means the weight those regions would have in eu ( in gdp per capita terms ) if they were independent, 
  mattarella is too shy even to be in picture, 
  giorgio napolitano is not anymore the president of the italian republic , sergio mattarella is . 
  the name is right in your pic , but the photo is wrong . 
  [ that 's him ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/2/2b/presidente_sergio_mattarella.jpg ) . 
  i love reading the daily bs as soon as i woke up . 
  it 's regenerating . 
  that map is not that well done . 
  [ this one ] ( http://imgur.com/so82kus ) ( found it on a fb page ) is very clear . 
  100 is the average european gdp per capita . 
  gotcha ... but i 'd not suggest you to lose time with me , enjoy the cities , 
  near the initial part of a14 motorway bologna - taranto , not far from the sea . 
  great !, 
  milan and the rest of northern italy is in the opposite way of florence , if you are in genoa . 
  otherwise , you could follow the way i wrote above , then going to venice , taking the a13 motorway to bologna ( a very beatiful city ) , and then there is the appenini mountains crossing to florence , along the a1 motorway milan - bologna - florence - rome . 
  have a great time !, 
  yep , do n't forget visiting * le cinque terre * and genoa !, 
  after that just take the motorway from genoa to turin ( it 'll take some hours more ) or to milan , then proceed along the a4 , near verona ( another beatiful city ) there is the junction for bolzano and brenner pass ( a22 ) . 
  ahhh , she 's a german native speaker !, 
  bolzano is in alto adige / south tyrol , where the german speakers are the majority . 
  actually that region is the one with slavic influence , the one with germanic one is trentino alto adige , but the girl may have studied german in school . 
  of course , good for you :d, 
  slovenia is the country with the most alcohol deaths as % of the total deaths . 
  well yeah , i do n't like to lose my self control over my body . 
  we should n't generalize , there are loud people everywhere and in every countries . 
  often in the discos there is italian music , but house as well . 
  maybe near the stadiums of the big clubs you can hear such songs . 
  but in general you 're right , nearly all the youngs go to discos to have fun and meet people , they drink hard as well but getting drunk it 's not the aim of the evening , at least for most of people . 
  yep , i was referring to having lunch and dinner in family . 
  in such occasion , wine is often the favourite liquor . 
  youngs drink everything , from beer to spirits . 
  i know :d there are a lots of buses crossing the border everyday , full of old people willing to spend their monthly pension in your cheap casinos . 
  aperitivi are often analcoholic , and a lot of people do n't drink them . 
  https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/0/06/montebiancovettabis.png that was the map . 
  we have the highest frozen peak , you 've the highest rocky peak . 
  maybe i was wrong eh , i have n't got the unconditioned thruth yet , unluckily . 
  yes , wine is for sure the liquor an average italian drinks the most . 
  drinking while not having a lunch/dinner is quite unusual . 
  italy is the european countries with the lowest amount of litres of alcohol drank by adult citizen ; some young people often drink hard , but we do n't have a drinking culture like in northern europe . 
  our regions which drink the most ( and often spirits ) are veneto and the one with germanic influence ( trentino alto adige ) and slavic one ( friuli venezia giulia ) :d an average northern italian drink alcohol much more than a southern one , anyway . 
  for sure , alcoholism is not a social problem here in italy , at least , not at northern european levels . 
  if i had to pick our biggest social problem , i 'd say gambling addiction : we 're the european countries with the biggest amount of money spent for slot machines , casinos , online poker , scratch and win tickets , bets and so on : in 2014 , italians spent 84.5 bn eur ( an amount higher than the gdp of some eu nations , almost 1500 eur per capita ) in such things , sadly we 're the first in eu both for total and per capita spending ; i know two people who had to sell their cars because of the game debts . 
  exactly . 
  the average american is a definitely [ bigger consumer ] ( https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_largest_consumer_markets ) than the average western european ( with a brit the gap is lower ) . 
  actually the countries with higher home ownership rate are higher in the rank ( that 's why germany is so low ) . 
  it 's about 65 % in both the uk , the us and france . 
  in italy is at 70 % ( germany is at 53 % , the lowest in the eu ) . 
  net wealth is made up by total assets ( homes + bank accounts ) less debt/mortgages . 
  uk is doing well in this rank , us is so low not because americans are poor , but because people tend to buy things they could n't afford at the moment by getting in debt . 
  countries like france and italy are on the top here both due to the home ownership more wealthy bank accounts , because of a * saving culture * not that widespread in the us ( both the countries have the lowest debt ratio in the eu if i 'm not wrong , adjusted to the total wealth ) . 
  high per capita debt ( almost absent in italy and france ) and quite high inequality ( the median rank partly adjusts it , the average do n't ) .
