  they never take datas from foreign countries , even for provinces bordering cheaper countries, 
  eh , being pratically not part of ukraine anymore they do n't give the datas to the central government and thus they are white in the map , like the russian regions . 
  they were in the [ 2014 map ] ( http://i.imgur.com/2bxokgs.jpg ) for instance . 
  yes , in general in all the european countries people living near the borders go to fill up the tank and to buy things in cheaper neighbour 's supermarkets, 
  that 's nice . 
  of course not a lot of positive changes can be recorded in a low time range , but romania is for sure on the right path and seems one of the most promising countries in europe for the next decade , relatively to the position it starts from . 
  most of austrians and hungarians do n't live near the border , though . 
  i 'm pretty sure the austrians near the border buy lots of things in hungary . 
  russia is n't part of eurostats ' statistics too . 
  maybe your country does n't give any datas in general - turkey on other hand does and that 's why they are included in most of maps . 
  source : [ gfk purchasing power europe 2016 ] ( http://www.gfk.com/insights/press-release/pp-europe/ ) . 
  [ this ] ( http://i.imgur.com/788bxal.jpg ) is the 2015 map . 
  the cost of life increased a lot in italy too , yes ; i just wrote what kind of prices you 'd better use . 
  constant price 's growth is more `` real '' than current price 's . 
  it actually shows how an economy is doing . 
  a growth on paper hauled by inflation is not a real one . 
  often people 's economic shape does n't coincide with state 's shape . 
  from a gdp-growth / economical point it would have been better , but financially euro helps us more . 
  10 % is still extremely low . 
  germany was in crisis in 2001-2007 period and grew by almost 15 % . 
  france , almost 20 % . 
  spain ? 
  do n't worry , no need to edit your post  tbf italy and above all spain had trade deficits in the mid 2000s , then with the crisis the situation switched because exports went well for both countries whereas the imports fell due to a shrinking domestic market . 
  i can talk for italy : we always had a manufacturing surplus , which is one of the highest in the world after germany , china , south korea and japan iirc . 
  it 's just that in 2001-2007 period the services trade deficit outsized the positive manufacturing balance . 
  i do n't have many infos about spain , for them i believe it 's the other way around , they have a sizeable service surplus ( italy 's service sector is pretty underdeveloped by western standards ) . 
   we would expect their trade deficits to rise both italy and spain have a trade surplus , though . 
   i did not originally say `` doubled '' i said `` skyrocketed '' does n't change my point . 
  [ here ] ( http://www.tradingeconomics.com/italy/gdp-constant-prices ) you go . 
  gdp ** constant ** prices . 
  italy 's gdp is the same as 2001 and less than when we joined euro . 
  i 'm not even against euro mind you but facts are facts . 
  our gdp increased by 10 % in the 2001-2007 period and lost as much in 2008-2015 . 
  therefore no , you did not look constant prices but current ones . 
  have n't you got that the italian economy ( just like any of the western world ) has not doubled itself in seven years ? 
  current prices are a useless measure . 
  look at constant prices . 
   use constant prices let me help you , current prices = / = constant ones . 
  look at the italian gdp constant 2010 us$ . 
   and then it skyrocketed when you joined the eu no , use constant prices . 
  a lot of these govs were voted by the parliament itself , not after an election, 
  a part of these 63 govs were held by the same person though , for example de gasperi was pm for 8 times , andreotti 7 times and berlusconi 4 times, 
  maybe u/c4h8n8o8 used a bit misleading term , but a weak sterling wo n't help a country with such an high trade deficit like the uk that needs to import way more than it exports . 
  federalism works only in the regions where the local institutions are more developed ( meant as efficient and transparent ) than the national ones . 
  well no , eastern germany has overtaken southern italy for a decade now, 
  they do n't take the blue pill !, 
  well for nowadays ' average yes , but in the 70s we even had  90 % turnouts, 
  no , more or less 69 %, 
  what 's the sense of adjusting the added value to ppp , though ? 
  you do n't earn it , you produce it . 
   we have under-employment in cz . 
  you mean shortage of workforce i guess ? 
   under employment is a negative thing and it interests the worker himself . 
  well , portugal is an excpetion . 
  :d just 2 months if you count it/es/el . 
  ireland elected their president in late october too, 
  exactly : portugal in january ( 2011 ) , italy and greece in november , spain in december, 
  the spike in unempoyment is berlusconi 's fault for not having done things in the years prior 2011 , monti had to cut a lot of things and that resulted in less consumer spending and higher unemployment . 
  italy , spain and greece have similar yet different problems . 
  for some countries . 
  in italy for example it became a serious issue in 2011 and that forced berlusconi to resign . 
  the 2009 gfc hit literally everyone ( except poland , maybe ? 
  ) , in 2010 there had been a decent recovery , but then in 2011 the debt crisis exploded and some countries got bailed-out , this time the crisis just directly hit the southern european countries . 
  austerity measures also played a role due to contraction of consumer spending . 
  the 2009 crisis mostly hit manufacturing , the one in 2012-2013 in southern europe pretty every sector of the economy , especially constructions . 
  ... how about an expansion on the empty lands just outiside the built-up areas ? 
  naples ' province road death rate is much lower than the italian average too :d, 
  and how exactly are old buildings holding back construction of new buildings ? 
  and how exactly are old buildings holding back these cities ' building expansion ? 
  everyone who wanted to . 
  in general economical activity rates were rather low everywhere in the 50s . 
  she 's the oldest in the world though . 
  a refugee is someone running from a war . 
  what you mentioned were indirect reasons - not direct ones . 
  how has war affected people from western ukraine ? 
  i am talking about the refugees , not the migrants, 
  still no data . 
  if i had to choice i 'd prefer living in a dream world than in a xenophobic one though , true that . 
  and where could i read the data ? 
  watch out , such an high number of refugees may harm poland and its historic traditons , turning everyone into a muslim . 
  fair enough , the balkans count too . 
  it 's just that those refugees did n't interest the mediterrean countries . 
  my reply ? 
  they are refugees , most of them want to work . 
  most of ukrainians are in poland as `` guest '' workers , not as refugees . 
  also , even if they are refugees they are always looking for the best conditions , for them but especially for their sons , if they aim to remain and get integrated in the society . 
   1 ) the education in the mena region is bad . 
  consequently , the people do not have qualifications for the kind of jobs that we have in sweden . 
  that depends , syrians for example are known to be good doctors . 
  and they can always get an education in sweden . 
   2 ) these people are usually too old and unwilling to start their education again . 
  in other words , their human capital low . 
  were n't they all young men ? 
  :p  3 ) these people will not be able to support themselves . 
  which means that everyone else has to work harder and pay more taxes for their welfare . 
  most of them are willing to work , an apprenticeship may be enough to let them work . 
  and are you sure sweden has n't any low tech jobs available ? 
   4 ) having large neighbourhoods of people on welfare with ample amounts of free time means that the gangs can freely recruit people . 
  we have seen the results of that already in g\u00f6teborg . 
  there are nowadays regular gang related shootings .
