  for the youth it 's 37 % , at december 2015 . 
  mostly because young were never helped to join the labour market with tax reliefs for who employ them , new laws and so , then while almost all the adults are employed the youngs struggle to get a job , especially in southern italy . 
   and as ive said in the other post , id generally support that . 
  tho i still believe that many south tyroleans would rather be with austria than with italy . 
  austria would not allow them to keep 98 % of their tax revenue . 
  they would become a net contributor to the austrian budget so they would end up losing money and benefits . 
   no , unless you feel personally responsible for the mess italy is in , in that case get off reddit and run your country since you obviously are a politician . 
  and what would this mess be ? 
  a debt held at 75 % inside by italian people or companies ? 
  a slow growth rate ? 
  we lived very hard moments in these past years . 
  but now the situation is definitely improving . 
  alto adige / s\u00fcdtirol , the name of the region . 
   according to what source ? 
  cause ive seen some that conflict that view . 
  not to mention that lombardy has the highest gdp of all of italy per capita south tyrol actually has more than lombardy tho . 
  its funny that you say it in such a way that indicates lombardy having a higher per capita than `` the whole of austria '' ( a claim id still like to dispute ) beeing particulary meaningfull . 
  you could compare that to the highest ranking austrian region . 
  in which case three austrian regions , salzburg , vienna and vorarlberg trump both s\u00fcdtirol and lombardy , according to wikipedia southern and central italy rank way behind that , which is where your countries obvious problems come from . 
  also doesnt realy tackle the massive youth unemployment that italy faces . 
  wan na the source ? 
  [ here ] ( http://ec.europa.eu/eurostat/documents/2995521/6839731/1-21052015-ap-en.pdf/c3f5f43b-397c-40fd-a0a4-7e68e3bea8cd ) you go . 
  you ca n't compare lombardy with south tyrol . 
  the first one has 10kk inhabitants and a very complex economy mostly based on industries and financial sector , the second one has just 500k inhabitants and an economy for sure rich and advanced but mostly relying on its hotels in the several valleys . 
  according to the pdf i gave you , lombardy has an higher gdp per capita than austria , and having more inhabitants it also has an higher total gdp . 
  if i ca n't compare the whole of austria with lombardy , then you ca n't compare vienna 's region with the whole of lombardy , but you should just with milan 's province , whose gdp per capita is  40k eur . 
  center italy does n't rank bad at all , with most of the regions above the european average ( at 27k eur ) . 
  yes , in the recent years italy has been struggling with unemployment ; as i said above , now situation is improving and within a couple of months unemployment is going to go under 11 % . 
  yet , here we go : lombardy and emilia romagna have an unemployment rate at 7 % , veneto is at 6 % . 
  trentino alto adige region is at 5 % ( how come ? 
  did n't italy exploit them ? ) . 
  the southern regions with an unemployment higher than 20 % and a gdp per capita definitely smaller than 20k eur are dragging italy down in every statistics , i have no problem to admit that . 
   if someone would use that justification in my country , hed be in jail . 
  it 's not a justification . 
  it 's a fact . 
  tell me one nation which did n't suffer from any war . 
   and this justifies south tyrol beeing part of italy today ? 
  so you think beeing on the winning side of world war 1 somehow entitles you to overrule the majority population of a region that nationality wise has no reason to be part of your country ? 
  then why is eastern provence , savoy and corisca part of france , istria and dalmatia part of slovenia/croatia and ticino part of switzerland ? 
  why is alsace part of france ? 
  why is the province in which the magyars live in romania part of this nation and not of hungary ? 
  why is western macedonia part of fyrom/macedonia and not of albania ? 
  one could write endless examples talking about war 's unfairness . 
  talking about that wo n't change anything . 
  the south tyroleans enjoy high benefits from being member of the italian republic , also we should move forward european integration ( ever notice of european macroregion tyrol - alto adige/south tyrol - trentino ? 
  first , southern tyroleans want to be part neither of italy nor of austria . 
  their dream would be an unique tyrol with your homonym region . 
   please , at this point , they are a region with a healthy economy in a country that is quite frankly on a downward spiral . 
  ah , the * ad hominem * attack , finally . 
  unluckily trentino alto adige ( trento 's province + bolzano 's province ) is allowed to keep 98 % of their tax revenue in their region so they are n't a net countributor to the italian budget unlike most of the other rich northern italians regions ... unluckily you talk about your country being super rich when lombardy has an higher both total gdp both gdp per capita than austria ... 
  the italianization of south tyrol was as bad as everything that happens in war . 
  did n't you think that provence and istria/dalmatia were frenchtized or croatized after italy lost ww2 ? 
  in istria the croats killed more than 20 thousands italian and made flee more than 200k italians , and that region hardly recognizes the italian minority . 
  you lost ww1 , we got south tyrol . 
  war is war , war is bad . 
  in which part of southern italy were you working in ? 
  have you got other bs ? 
  noone heard about that train since 2011 , it might have been destroyed during their civil war, 
  i know , gypsies are a problem everywere . 
  well romania is growing very fast , as you can see your unemployment rate is very small . 
  in my opinion with some good politicians in a few years you 'll be able to stop the brain drain , let your young people inside the country and increase productivity , wages and wealth of the romanians , and attract migrants from abroad to do the hardest jobs ( mostly ukrainians i guess ) . 
  i 'm glad italy is doing hard job to help the growth of romania , i heard italian industries in romania created more than 800k jobs in the last 15 years , mostly in timisoara region , and our companies are building new infrastructures there, 
  but of what super debt are you talking about ? 
  how can you stick 3 countries with very different economic differences between themselves ? 
  spain 's debt is lower than its gdp , italian debt is held at 75 % by people or companies inside the country , and italy was never bailed out . 
  greece had bad problems , yes . 
  yes , integration is pretty good . 
  i myself have some romanian friends and i never had problems with them . 
  some people may be burglars but it 's anyway a very small minority which would have done the same in their homeland . 
  we have problems only with gypsies , as 95 % of them live of parasitism and robberies . 
  it 's anyway pretty bad , above all compared to the percentuages most of the countries were at before the crisis . 
  imho a nice unemployment rate is < 7 % and a great one is < 3 % , percentuage my region used to have until 6 years ago, 
  dati eurostat . 
  there have always been more romanians in italy than in spain ( 1130k vs 730k nowadays ), 
   italian datas  using them to talk about italy as a whole, 
  what about switzerland , austria , southern germany and northern italy holy economic union ? 
  like in the old times :d, 
  no , it 's italy again ; - ; or padania :d, 
  here of corrupt things there 's just your brain . 
  thank for your comment , we just got the functional illiterate of the day . 
  3 billions to turkey, 
  of what infrastructures are you talking about ? 
  italian gov just wanted to build an unique gov in libya . 
  they 're going to swear in a few days , but we do n't know how long it will last . 
  with isis near misrata , libya has other worries rather than migrants . 
  renzi said italian air force will bomb isis only if they put in danger [ eni ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/eni ) 's oifileds there . 
  he would like to take actions only with france , uk and us , but these countries do n't seem very interested . 
   others from tunesia to italy . 
  from lybia to sicily . 
  98 % of migrants coming in italy set out from lybia , a failed state which ca n't avoid migrants to come here . 
  that 's why we as an union have to get involved to stabilize lybia . 
  anyway , even thanks to the winter , very few migrants are coming to siciliy nowdays . 
  growing unemployment ? 
  in which countries ? 
  whataboutism is strong on you . 
  ** average ** eu tax rate on profits is 40.6 % , the us one is now at 43.9 % . 
  yet the eu states who produce more and should drive the * industrial revolution * , except the uk , have a [ tax rate ] ( http://cdnit.ibtimes.com/sites/it.ibtimes.com/files/styles/v2_article_large/public/2015/11/20/total-tax-rate.png?itok=shcgofzx ) higher than the us one or anyway above the eu average . 
  shameful the french and the italian ones . 
  alright , that could be a valid option for us :d, 
  as northern italian i do n't care the currency we 're in , if euro north will bring us advantages for our core , the industries , i 'm happy to be in , if instead germany wants a strong euro ( to ruin its exports ? ),
