  i 'd sincerely understand an ukrainian saying there had been better times during the urss , but like said above poland has never seen such an high level of economic growth , prosperity and development and both the polish people and both the eu have the merit for this . 
  look at gdp per capita , productivity , infrastructures , wealth per citizen , hdi and all the index you want . 
  sure maybe some things were better before , but this does n't change that the general trend has been great . 
  even in the richest countries of the world there are a fair share of people living under the poverty threshold . 
  the italian dress seems the sardinian one to me . 
  every region has its own traditional dress, 
  i 've never seen such a kind of architecture before . 
  very beautiful . 
  it 's the same : < kk = m, 
  yep . 
  i always use kk :d, 
  exactly , there is a conurbation along the a11 highway . 
  it has about 2,5 kk people . 
  til , i though it was the clouds . 
  interesting . 
  / triggered, 
  inb4 fog anyway it 's both, 
   * i am leaving . 
  i shall not forget via toledo , nor any other of the parts of naples ; to my eyes this city has no equal and is the most beautiful city in the universe . 
  upvoted because of o ' sol and o ' mar, 
  it 's the same in italy anyway , almost all of them did n't want to do it , but they were told in their home country they 'd get a nice job in italy , and once they are here , they are forced to go in the streets and give a part of their earnings to their `` protectors '' . 
  at least , if it 's regulated , prostitutes have to pay contributions , and the brothel has to pay taxes , state would get at least 5-6 billions euros yearly from it, 
  in general those 3 cities have the [ highest number of crimes/100k people ] ( http://www.nextquotidiano.it/wp-content/uploads/2014/11/reati-province.jpg ) , while southern italy is the safest area , with 2 provinces in the north-east . 
  southern italy still has an higher homicide rate , more robberies and car thefts , but northern italy has more muggings , burglings , rapes ... northern italy has a much higher [ number of migrants as % of population ] ( http://1.bp.blogspot.com/-lom01oqtpna/t7jdvnyhkri/aaaaaaaac-m/3chdk0tllky/s1600/mappa-stranieri-per-provincia.png ) though , and much more roma people . 
  milan has n't a lot of ghettos , except maybe quarto oggiaro and via padova , areas full of migrants with a lot of ethnic tensions too . 
  peripheries ' situations has a bit improved in the last years . 
  not implying that milan is a scarying dangerous city , but for sure is not amongst the safest in europe ps . 
  the prostitutes in the streets are a downside of italy as a whole . 
  prostitution is legal but it 's not regulated so prostitutes are in the streets and police can do nothing , except when a mayor orders there ca n't be prostitutes , but then it 's up to the municipal police . 
  germany and the other countries have maybe the best deal here , prostitution is regulated , no prostitutes in the streets and state gets a lot of taxes from it . 
  edit : spell, 
  dove abiti in germania ? 
  per screditare l'italia . 
  l'italia una disgrazia all ` ue ? 
  spending more does n't mean anything tho, 
   but safety walking in night through cities sweden will loose any other country be it italy no . 
  at most some cities from apulia/sardinia/basilicata may be actually safe for women , but most of the other cities are n't that safe ( especially the richer ones , milan , turin and bologna ), 
  not yet . 
  foreign people hit 5kk last year but it 's not even 9 % of the population . 
  flux of migrants started in the late 80s with the africans/asians , and few years later with the fall of berlin wall and the migrants from ee/balkans . 
  before that , the workforce required came from southern italy so italy pretty did n't need migrants , while germany for example has been taking migrants since the 50s, 
  start-up with the '' - '' and without the `` s '' : ok start-ups with the '' - '' : nice startups : gold tier, 
  you 're just an useless troll , you 're on reddit for a month and posted just now this amount of bs , about this article . 
  maybe you 're not even italian . 
   us # 1 for health, 
  how so ? 
  london or stockholm may be even more innovative , but that 's not an competitiveness/innovation index , but the innovation awards by european commission . 
  it 's about the achievements of the cities in the last year and what innovative things such cities did . 
  probably the 9 finalists of this year wo n't be the finalists in the next year , barcelona for example won in 2014 but now it 's not in the list . 
  both the cities were n't in the list of the 9 finalists, 
  probably the egyptian police/secret services . 
  troll account, 
  the `` rest of the eu '' already does n't give a damn , unless you believe italy was bailed out and is n't a net contributor . 
  italy is not cheaper than germany at all , maybe sicily and apulia are . 
  italy was never bailed out , i do n't understand what `` other aid '' we should be getting . 
  what kind of help ? 
  it could have gone [ much worse ] ( http://static.prsa.pl/images/98659881-627d-4fd3-96f9-42e680190435.jpg ) , that 's what i got as first pic . 
  75 % of the italian debt is held inside the country , cutting it would be bad for our people and companies and the italian economy itself first of all, 
  i repeat , there must not to be an index and if there is not one we ca n't take one about perception and implying it 's the bible . 
  perception may be okay , but it 's completely another different thing from the actual corruption crimes . 
  when you want to analize a crime in an area , perception is not the first thing you look at . 
   the thing about corruption is that most people go at length to cover it up , and in many countries where bribing officials is a way of life people are n't exactly getting arrested on a large scale . 
  in which countries ? 
  anyway i was referring to the part about the `` way of life '' . 
  first , bring here actual sources , second , generalizing about a group of people is like insulting them . 
   and why do people `` perceive '' italy as corrupt ? 
  maybe berlusconi and the maf ~ ~ f ~ ~ ia have something to do with that . 
  partially , yet berlusconi is politically dead and the local mafias interests pretty a certain part of the country . 
  you 're welcome !, 
  you are the one who insulted , making suppositions about other countries , not me or others . 
  thanks for downvoting me btw let me try to ask you kindly : how can be an index based on perception a valid method to measure corruption ? 
  there just is n't set of datas about corruption except the reported corruption crimes in x place . 
  it 's not like there must be a corruption index to make you happy . 
  when you talk about a x crime incidence in y place , you talk about the actual datas and facts you have , not about perceptions of the inhabitants of the y place . 
  it 's simple , i expect you to get it , do n't disappoint me . 
  are you talking about the coruption perception by trasparency international ? 
  a report made by a private ong based on perception !, 
  then fuck yeah , we can trust it without prejudices . 
  one does n't even have to answer you properly , it 's not worth it . 
  the fact that you do n't even put your flag up and then you insult people is very useful to describe yourself , keep talking out of your ass behind a monitor . 
  in italy the biggest pharmaceutial industries are menarini , chiesi , angelini group and italfarmaco . 
  then there are lots of smaller industries near milan or florence , but especially in rome metro area . 
  it 's also interesting to see how the pharma/medical industries ( at least in italy ) was the only one which did n't know crisis and kept growing during it , in 2007 we were indeed the 4th eu country by pharmaceutical production and became 2th in 2012 . 
  greece had  2000 hrs even when their unemployment was 8 % . 
  there is no correlation with unemployment . 
  anyway you 're partially true , countries like the netherlands or germany may get dragged down by the fact that [ lots of people there ] ( http://cdn.static-economist.com/sites/default/files/images/2015/05/blogs/economist-explains/20150516_woc234.png ) have part-time jobs , while in greece or in poland that average is much higher because fewer people have such jobs . 
  everything ? 
  are you really using seriously a perception ranking ? 
  you 're talking out of your ass . 
  well some multinationals ( google , apple , amazon ... ) do the same in italy , they pay the taxes in ireland or luxembourg, 
  would n't be more economically advantageous for them to pay taxes in romania , compared to some western eu countries ? 
  it was the article about spanish gdp per capita in ppp overtaking the italian one . 
  you 're right , but how is this remotely leaked to what you stated above ? 
  in italy a litre of diesel is at least $ 1.3 :d flanders has a very high [ purchase power ] ( http://i.imgur.com/788bxal.jpg ) though , at least 50 % more than the european average . 
  really ? 
  i would n't call it a bad thing , anyway . 
  2 % is a fair inflation rate , that 's the aim of ecb as well . 
  yeah but draghi is doing what he can , like increasing qe and reducing interest rates . 
  in the worst case , inflation is going to be at least higher than 1 % by 2018 . 
  now eurozone is at -0,1 % .
