  people working in a factory seldom need to talk to each other , at most if it 's about the work they 're doing they do while working , and they work few kms from their houses . 
  but i wrote my personal experience , of course there are people here eating in canteens as you do . 
  not everywhere, 
  that 's what i was thinking . 
  probably in a decade estonia will reach southern italy in terms of wage , nominal gdp per capita and standards of living , but overtaking italy as a whole in such terms is very hard because of northern italy, 
  i 'd agree with you . 
  one should adjust median/average wage to cost of living , but gdp is the richness produced , why adjusting it ? 
  some offices or industries have canteens here , but the bigger ones , at least with some tens of people employed . 
  the average factory in italy has much less workers tho . 
   does your father work for/by himself ? 
  no , he 's employed in a small factory . 
  most of smes do n't have canteens , so the factory closes for about 1 hour and workers back home to have lunch . 
  maybe we have different definitions of restaurant or if you are going to the resturant 5-6 times a week that means you earn such a nice wage , good for you , also i do n't think the restaurant will make you gain time unless you work very far from your home if you work in an industrial area where there are only factories and storages what do you do btw ? 
  yes , but as i said above depends on what 's your job, 
  depends on what job you have and where you work . 
  my father ( industrial designer working relatively near my home ) does , my mother ( office , she works farther away ) does n't . 
  if you work in a factory or in an office near to your home yes you have lunch at home ... otherwise what should you eat ? 
  only sandwhiches ? 
  30 min to back home , 30 min to lunch , 30 min to watch or read something and 30 min to back to workplace ... yet 2 hrs is a bit exaggerated tho, 
  that 's why we 're the only ones with the white parts near the lunch time, 
  porn sites breaks / s, 
  http://ec.europa.eu/budget/figures/interactive/index_en.cfm for sure you were multiple times , but not in the last year, 
  yes it 's not like we have the capital of christianity in italy and little molenbeek 's in milan and turin indeed . 
  maybe portugal and greece , more peripheral countries , are relatively safer . 
  well that 'd be turin and naples . 
  a lot of people from both north and south wish garibaldi had n't born at all, 
  maybe . 
  you do n't clearly know what mafias are and why they exist . 
  it 's the neapolitan mafia . 
  maybe comparison with isis may be quite extreme but it 's still an horrible thing . 
  camorra pratically rules a lot of communes in the naples hinterland ( about 35 % of campanian politicians are leaked with it , peak of  40 % in caserta and naples provinces ) . 
  it 's not something you can defeat , like an army , it 's more like a cancer , something you often do n't see despite they are involved in everything there . 
  local mafias are the reason southern italy is the poorest area in the western europe ( if one does n't take in account the huge informal economy tho ) . 
  they eat 20 % of southern regions ' gdp . 
  isis kills you , camorra kills your daily normality , your freedom and your future . 
  if both of them had the chance , they 'd have greeted each other for decades :d, 
  that 's france , maybe you were before the uk rebate . 
  the fact that they fought in syria as well has nothing to do with the fact they 're born in europe, 
  not even remotely . 
  i 'm saying that no person entering europe in the recent years has ever been involved in a terrorist attack . 
  edit : spell, 
   paris and bruxelless attacers entered europe via migrant route then salah abdeslam is born in bruxelles because his parents were in vacation over there and then they back home and he entered europe this year ... 
  true . 
  what has it to do with the fact germany allowed such an high number of migrants to europe ? 
  what is intentional ? 
  the terrorists who attacked in paris and brussels have born and always lived in europe , it 's not like germany brought in europe hundreds and hundreds of isis-friendly people and before that europe was an heaven terrorists-free . 
  molenbeek has been existing for decades . 
  it 's not hard for a terrorist to get to any eu capital and place a bomb in . 
  indeed those terrorists who attacked brussels are born and raised in europe, 
  tbh belgium is indeed relatively poorer than the netherlands but belgians are statically wealthier than the dutch ( according to median wealth per capita - adjusted to median household debt and owned home value ), 
  redditor since 28 days , first comment an hour ago and since then 14 comments of which 13 trolling ones . 
  imho you 're not even german , go to hide yourself , deadbeat . 
  wanted to ask such a thing to a serb , is `` bravo '' a serbian word or are you using the italian one when you wan na congratulate to someone ? 
  edit : spell, 
  cuts to local budgets and stall of the big infrastructures . 
  it has been very bad because we have the 3rd road density in europe and it would need more upkeep ... 
  meanwhile some new highway ( a35 milan-brescia , a36 varese-a4 highway , still in building , and a58 outer east milan bypass ) but only in lombardy and with mostly private funds, 
  christ . 
  nice to see that at least it 's improving on quarter basis . 
  does this mean that ukraine has a $ 66bn gdp ? 
  that 's the same of luxembourg : /, 
  the map is quite wrong though . 
  for veneto is okay , but campania is n't a linguistic island isolated from the rest of southern italy, 
  a cashless world would kill an huge part both of the tax fraud both of the corruption though . 
  thanks for updating me . 
  but they ca n't lower prices . 
  current diesel price is about 1,2 eur/lt ( compare it to the austrian 0,9 eur/lt for example ) , 40-45 % of it is made up by * accise * ( taxes on diesel ) . 
  in livigno ( a special little commune with no taxes near the border with switzerland , in lombardy ) the diesel price is at 0,65 eur/lt . 
  that should be the price without taxes . 
  without that fund there would n't be gas station in the range of tens of kms from the border . 
  governement is n't likely to lower taxes on diesel because state gets a very high amount of money from it . 
  in italy there is a fund to compensate the gas stations near the borders , because as we have the highest diesel price in europe after norway many people just cross the border to fill the fuel, 
   all that money must go to the parts of italy north of rome it 's the opposite . 
  [ fiscal residue / primary surplus ] ( http://www.lozzodicadore.eu/blog/wp-content/uploads/2013/06/rfr-per-regione.png ) in millions $ for region . 
  receiving money does n't mean well-being , what really matters is how and where those money are spent . 
  the east-west wealth divide is pretty on wealth per capita rather than gdp per capita . 
  as i said some days ago it 's impossible to overtake countries collecting wealth since the 50s in a few years but for sure in the next decades the gap will get smaller and smaller, 
  there are richer and poorer regions in every country , but no country in europe has a gap like ours ; germany and spain have a very big one anyway . 
  exactly . 
  imho , sicily never really recovered from the first punic war , in 241 bc . 
  before that war it was maybe the most prosperous part of europe . 
  there are several opinions about the reasons of such gap . 
  northern italians extremits have theirs , so do southern italian ones . 
  yet it 's undeniable that a big part of such differences come from middle age , when northern italy and tuscany were divided in a lot of communes and together with flanders were the hearthland of europe , both in economic and cultural terms ; while southern italy was a feudalist unified kingdom far from the core of europe . 
  back to a century ago italy as a whole was a rather poor country , except the areas near turin , milan and genoa , most of northern italy ( veneto the main example , emilia and marche as well ) knew the prosperity only a few decades ago , thanks to the industrial boom . 
  in 50s a lot of people were emigrating from northern italy to america or were suffering * pellagra * , an ill coming from always eating cornmeal mush ; few decades later they are among the richest regions in europe . 
  southern italy instead did n't know such a boom . 
  i know . 
  ppp-wise southern italy is slightly higher than romania . 
  at least you 're growing very fast . 
  lazio 's pharmaceutical industry is very impressive , i read that lazio will be growing more than any other italian region in the next years , hailed even by pharma industry . 
  unluckily latina is the italian province most hit by crisis though , together with viterbo . 
  also tuscany ( jewelry , textiles , clothes ) and marche ( furnitures , footwear , machines ) have nice manufacturing sectors as well . 
  for comparison , in italy south tyrol ranks as high as sweden and lombardy as high as the netherlands , while calabria and sicily have the same nominal gdp per capita as greece or czech republic . 
  or giga , 1 billion units, 
  8,5 millions . 
  kk = m. yes , china has 1.3 kkk inhabitants or 1.3 g. 
  mostly is milan area . 
  it has 8,5 kk inhabitants . 
  also , venice area , with about 3kk inhabitants , more turin area with 2,5 kk people and bologna ( emilian conurbation ) area with more than 3kk inhabitants .
