  then i read that most of house in germany are owned by some sort of semi-institutionalized companies or something like that , a german could tell that better than me anyway . 
  no , it has been three times , in 1987 , 1991 and 2008 . 
  that 's another point , internet penetration between younger people is rather high ( it 's almost absent in  60 yo people ) , but most of them use it for facebook/whatsapp , few people play in steam or are in international forums . 
  i once read a journalist asked some kids : `` do you use the internet ? 
  '' , answer : `` no . '', 
  `` do you use facebook ? 
  '' , answer : `` yes '' . 
  national debt has nothing to do with people , mortgages and loans do . 
  this is absolutely false , also it has very little to do with gdp . 
  yes , you are right . 
  i was pointing out that our troubles come mostly from failure to adapt to globalization , not from the euro or corruption - other countries who have even more problems than us with it have grown way faster than us . 
   anyone knows the difference of the growth between north and south italy ? 
  it 's less than you think . 
  gdp in southern italy fell twice that of northern italy during the crisis , but gdp growth before the crisis was n't that different ( sardinia for example is the italian region with the highest gdp per capita growth in the last 20 years , while much richer piedmont has the lowest all over the eu , maybe it 's even negative ) and northern italy has a way higher rising population unlike southern italy that reduces the gap in per capita growth terms . 
  it 's just that northern italy was actually the richest area in europe in the 90s whereas now , despite always being a rich area , it has been overtaken by other macroareas such as southern germany , benelux or scandinavia . 
  if you want some numbers , italy ( 60m people ) has 420k manufacturing enterprises ( over 300k just in northern italy ) to germany 's ( 81m people ) 210k , and germany has twice our manufacturing output . 
  france , which does n't come that far after us in terms of output , has 220k enterprises . 
  and before the globalization , there were [ even more ] ( http://www.nomisma.it/images/scenario/20150211-scn-grafica3.png ) !, 
  despite the relative development of the tertiary sector in the last two decades , northern italy 's economy is still pretty based on the * industrial districts * . 
  even the global competitiveness report 2014-2015 where italy ranks rather bad puts italy first in the world for the state of development of industrial clusters . 
  this , that used to be our strenght 20-30 years ago has now become an handshake to the growth with the advent of the globalization ; simply , our micro and small businesses already strangled by asky-high taxation can difficultly compete with the bigger companies and the multinationals from one side and china and co. from the other one and barely have money to invest in r&d . more , we have problems with a scarce tertiarisation of the economy ( weak service sector compared to the other we countries , even weaker it sector , a low internet penetration , scarce public services available online , an ecommerce that still lags way behind the average of we , despite huge growth in the recent years ) , also we have a low number of graduates and rather low-skilled workforce ( mostly employed in low and mid tech manufacturing production ) . 
  imho , out of all the western countries of the world , italy has been maybe the most hit by globalization . 
  the uk ( and to some extent france ) , for example , has seen its industry [ fell way more ours ] ( http://www.termometropolitico.it/media/2014/12/quote-export-manifattura.png ) ( this graph tells the 2012 share of manufacturing exports by country compared to the 1999 's share ) but they developed a strong financial and it sector which allowed them to grow , unlike us . 
  maybe i was confusing it with ukraine . 
  but still that 's a lot cheap ... 
  i knew you had 1000/100 for $ 5/month :d, 
  i do n't really know , in some rankings romania appears to be the first , but sweden is actually very close to romania 's speeds . 
  also consider that romania has a very low internet penetration dragged down by the rural areas , in most cities where the penetration is above the eu average there is 1gbit internet iirc , that raises up the average, 
  was n't it already the fastest ? 
  indeed we do n't need to get things from them ( but gas and other natural resources ) , other way around . 
  the inspectors can do few things , these people work by night when it 's hard to make legal inspections . 
  this thing is aggravating the precarious conditions of the textile/leather industry , which is already the industrial production ( at least in italy ) being hit the hardest from the crisis , due to being a low-tech production and due to outsourcing to china/bangladesh/romania / albania ecc . 
  i mean , out of the developed countries we 're still the first textile/leather/footwear producer , but the facturate of such industries is 1/3 down since 10 years ago . 
  most of our industrial production is shifting into mid hi-tech production , such as machinery , industrial mechanics , industrial automation , chemical/pharmaceutical productions , fields which have been doing well even during the crisis indeed . 
  due to globalization , i think the trend of the textile industry wo n't change that much and start recovering like most of other industries did , or at least it wo n't increase any more , though the leather industry has been slowly recovering lately . 
  if someone buys italian clothes , it 's because they are italian and made in italy , not because they are competitive like 30 years ago , you ca n't even compete with the far east . 
  unluckily it 's inevitable but it 's sad , considering that in the 70s/80s the textile/footwear smes have contributed the most to the industrialization of north-east and central italy ( though prato industrialized in the xix century ) bringing a lot of richness and well-being in these once poor and agrarian regions . 
  the textile industry is autochthonous to florence/prato , they exported a way of working which died two centuries ago . 
  it 's a good thing ? 
  russia is one of the largest economies in the world and one of the main luxury goods market . 
  you ca n't replace russia with the first whatsoever country . 
  an entrepreneur could confirm you it 's hard finding new available markets when you always worked for customers from one big country , and it 's even harder , once you found one , that your trade will be bigger than used to be with russia , unless you sign some important contracts for the us or china ... 
  i agree russia should respect its neighbours and cut its imperialist dreams mind you , but calling it `` a rogue state '' and demonizing it every time it 's not helping either . 
  it 's true . 
  florence metropolitan area is full of chinese , at least 50k legal and 20-30k illegals . 
  they barely pay taxes and often ignore sanitary standards ( ths riot began after a sanitary control in a chinese-run factory ) . 
  of course they go living in the textile/leather industrial districts ( where they can make the goods with their own hands ) , such as florence 's , where they can compete against local factories thanks to their unfair competition ( working 14 hours/day , mostly during the night ) , indeed in the mechanics districts there are few chinese , they could n't compete there . 
  they do n't want to be employed by italian entrepreneurs and do n't employ italians too . 
  we shoud n't never generalize , there are some younger chinese who are fully integrated in the italian society , more the chinese are not likely to commit crimes such as robbery , burglary or rape , but no other foreign group ruin the local economy the way they do . 
  if italy has to spend that amount it will find it by making other debt ( not deficit ) . 
  the eu does n't pay for anything . 
   the other issue is unemployment , sitting at a staggering 12 % and over 50 % in youth . 
  it 's 11,5 % and 36 % for the youth ( eurostat datas of today ), 
  are you aware that such amount will be put by italy , are you ? 
  no , italy asked to use its own money to help the banks ( thing forbidden since this year ) , it did n't require assistance , and yesterday brussels gave the ok to the plan, 
   venezuela 's gdp per capita ( ppp ) is higher than china 's . 
  oil ? 
  according to [ credit suisse ] ( https://publications.credit-suisse.com/tasks/render/file/index.cfm?fileid=25ec6cf2-0407-67d9-aaeaae8bdfede378 ) , in 2014 italy had a median $ 142k net worth for * adult * , not for household . 
  imho at least the half of the pensioners have more than $ 100k . 
   i think east will get a bit richer , the west will get a bit poorer sometimes i fear it too . 
  well , let 's hope both will enjoy fast growth rates !, 
   and no , you would n't be more fucked since exports only account for 30 % of your gdp vs 50 % for germany . 
  so what ? 
  and btw that number is skewed by southern italy and rome , northern italy is well above 40 % . 
  the difference is that italy for germany is n't as relevant as germany for italy , considering that we 're their 6th exports market while they are the 1st for us . 
  if we are still the 2nd manufacturer country in europe when the internal market has fallen by over 15 % in the recent years there 's a reason ... exports . 
  and you ca n't bring what you did to the uk as an example come on mate ... we 're in the xxi century, 
   but it 's one thing to fight a three year war against a country ten times your size , and another to set up a customs post in the brenner pass . 
  do you feel like this is an even possible thing ? 
  italy too is an exporting nation and this will make us much more fucked than germany woud ... 
  everyone has savings if you had a quite frugal life , even the lower classes , of course not as much though . 
  we could argue about what a middle-class person is , for instance , in the 80s a factory worker with some skills could have been part of it , nowadays ... not that much . 
  inequalities , at least in italy , increased a lot with the globalization , back once really few people were at risk of poverty and almost everyone was in the middle-class , while now the richer/poorer gap has increased , especially with the crisis , even if the middle-class is still the big majority . 
   my point was that `` common pensioner '' does not have 100k in cash . 
  maybe not * for single * pensioner , but to me a couple of pensioners in their 60-70s who had been worked since they were 14 is very likely to have at least 100k in savings unless they took huge mortgages or lost money in banking operations , that 's not really a lot ...  but even young people like me are not likely to have 100k in savings by the time we retire . 
  well , the wealth is the field where the gap west-east will go away the slower , much slower than gdp/capita . 
  because the westerners started saving money in the '50s , the easterners two decades ago . 
  but things look quite shiny for you , imho around 2050 the gap will be smaller than one could think, 
   or all pensioners are significantly richer than median citizen . 
  not all of them , but most are . 
  they 've been saving money when life was cheaper and wages were n't lower than today . 
  bear in mind that the university students with no saved money make up the median too ... as well younger workers and unemployed/inactive people . 
  also , few germans own an house , thus the median is lower than what actually is . 
   over there , median pensioners have a couple , up to few thousand euros in cash in savings . 
  urss was great , was n't it ? 
  ^ / s wait a few decades and you 'll be almost on par with the west when it comes to wealth . 
  yes but contributions for pensions are a thing , personal savings another one . 
  i believe that a factory worker at the end of his working life has at least $ 200-300k in the bank account if he has been decently frugal in the past decades , i mean it 's a relevant number but not a lot also he 's likely to own an house ( no rent + more net worth ), 
  you could also look at the flair eh ... it does n't matter what i say according to you ? 
  the fuck i care . 
  you do n't know anything , you do n't know that italy founded the eu and everything else , who had to forbid italy to enter ? 
  they cheated ? 
  they who ? 
  what are you talking about ? 
  italy is a founding member , go back on / r/the _ donald if you have to write such bullshits . 
  surely it 's not you who can judge who is `` incompetent and corrupt '' . 
  with ireland in ? 
  so are you finally ready to cease more sovereignty to the eu and eventually adopt the euro ? 
  other bs ? 
  lower producing economic culture ?
