  anyway that 's an oversimplification , there are a lot of variables to take into account ( enforcement of road rules by the police , crossroads vs rondabouts or intercharge with ramps , average driver 's behaviour , average age of the cars and many more ) . 
  datas for spain for 2017 are provisionals , but the difference 2009-2017 would still be positive , +0,62 % . 
  yes , this is total trade . 
  by total trade is 50-50 practically , but yes , the lowest ( or highest , depends on how you read the table ) in the eu : http://ec.europa.eu/eurostat/statistics-explained/images/b/bf/intra_and_extra_eu-28_trade_in_goods%2c_2016_%28imports_plus_exports%2c_%25_share_of_total_trade%29_yb17.png, 
  nuts-1 is n't country area . 
   it happens that one region in the same country in net contributor , while another is a net receiver ( see slovenia as an example ) . 
  that happens in a lot of countries . 
  when we are talking about a certain country 's net contribution it 's the average of the regions , as always . 
   we are becoming wealthy enough to actually become payers rather than receivers . 
  it 's very likely that the eu cohesion funds will shrink in the next decade for a set of reasons , like the article says : brexit and consequently the lack of the uk net contributions , eastern countries getting richer ( as % of the eu average ) , hypothetical sanctions . 
  the dependency on eu funds is going to be reduced and it 's wise what poland has introduced . 
  but transfers are a zero sum game and as such they must be well balanced : if there is someone giving ( more than it takes ) there has to be someone taking , more than it gives . 
  if v4 countries start being net contributors the baltics will have too , and at that point who is going to remain a recipient to counterbalance other countries ' net contributions , besides eu 's last three new entries and greece ? 
  the population of the net contributor countries would be several times higher than the ones receiving . 
  a * complete * different story would be ukraine joining , but i do n't see that happening in the medium term . 
  salty phrases ? 
  where and when ? 
   well , looking at your flair and the map , it is how you want it , i am happy for you . 
  it 's not `` like i want it '' . 
  italy is definitely behind civilized europe in this matter and only in the last times things have started changing for them . 
   the fact that someone has different perception , does not make them `` worse '' . 
  they are n't worse * per se * . 
  they are `` worse '' ( quoting you ) because their aim is to limit the rights of certain parts of citizens who constitute the society ( the homosexuals in this context ) ; the hilarious thing though is that this * majority * ( which apparently wants to decide on people 's personal rights ) would n't have a single profit by impeding marriages for same-sex people , unlike the latters of course , who would be heavily damaged from `` abstract '' principles ( equality for one ) to practical things , such as widow 's benefits and the likes . 
  it 's a merely ideological battle : actually yes , a surely great profit is that one could still proclaim itself the last bastion of the european christian traditions ( such as killing gays ? 
  ) , for what it 's worth , how could i forget that . 
  but i ca n't think of other ones . 
   no one is hurt here , ee is not chechnya . 
  when i write `` hurting '' i mean the rights . 
  i consider poland and the rest of eastern europe inside the eu to be developed countries ( and i 'm sure you 'd agree , no ? 
  ) , and as such you just ca n't afford to set your bar as low as being a bit better than chechnya , or the middle east you hate so much . 
  or do you think not hurting the homosexuals * physically * is already both a great achievement and concession of the society ( and an european one , too ) ? 
   do n't force your ideas on others if they have different ones . 
  nobody is trying to force others to marry a same-sex person indeed , but just making sure that a same-sex couple of adults can get married and have the same rights as a `` normal '' couple without hurting anyone else 's rights . 
   italy also have a stagnant economy and poor demographic so the importance of the italian market will likely be reduced in the future for fca unless they really fuck something up . 
  but that 's not true , italian car market is more or less as big as france 's and among the fastest growing in the continent in the last years . 
   spain would certainly see an uplift in exports and a fall in employment . 
  if you meant unemployment , that 's what spain is witnessing right now practically . 
   meaning that the employment rate has n't changed the news here is n't that it has n't changed , but that it 's about to recover . 
   trying to inject the argument of proportionality into a conversation over absolute numbers is ... . to put it lightly , asinine . 
  indeed who was n't okay with absolute numbers as the population increased in the meantime and looked for rates was you , not me . 
   while the absolute population numbers have increased , thereby undermining that the overall employment rate has improved since 2008 ( it has n't ) . 
  but do you read what i write ? 
  the employment rate will touch a new record high in the next quarters . 
  it 's sure . 
   this is a non-story . 
  it took us 9 years to achieve the same absolute employment numbers as in 2008 with the worst recession in 70 years happening in the meantime . 
  we are talking about employment in absolute numbers , not about employment rate . 
  anyway the latter for the ez is just a few decimal points behind the peak , give it a couple of quarters and it will touch a new record high as well . 
  it 's not about population , it 's about employed people . 
  in q1 2017 the employment in ez returned to pre-crisis levels beating q3 2008 's former peak , i.e. 
  touching a new record high . 
  well that depends then . 
  if for you a certain thing growing a bit in good times and then declining during a crisis it 's a bubble it 's useless arguing :d, 
  you 're right in saying it 's the qoq growth , but bear in mind yoy growth is n't the first multiplied per 4 . 
  yoy growth is the change compared to last year 's same quarter and it will be 1,6 % only if the last four quarters have averaged +0,4 % growth . 
  it all depends on the last quarters ' qoq growth rates . 
  for instance in the last quarter eurozone grew 0,5 % qoq but by 1,7 % yoy . 
  after the end of a recession you 'll get positive qoq growth rates but you 'll most likely be under 0 in yoy growth . 
  the opposite will happen at the start of one . 
  no , it 's qoq growth . 
  yoy is n't mentioned . 
  q1 2017 yoy growth for portugal is 2,8 % and for italy 1,2 % . 
   a bubble is pricing assets to high followed by the price going down . 
  not to high , to * extremely * high and way disproportionately compared to their `` real '' value . 
  if they grow and then fall when crisis hits it does n't mean there has been a a bubble . 
  but that 's because of the crisis , a bubble is another thing ( for example if house prices had gone crazy ) . 
  italy was already in stagnation before the crisis . 
  how could have there been a bubble ? 
  in which economic sector ? 
  source ? 
   i am not sure how you can argue that there was n't a crisis ? 
  where did i write that ? 
  i wrote that there was n't a bubble . 
  there can be a crisis without a bubble bursting , eh . 
  italy never had a bubble , that 's spain or ireland at most . 
  italy had already begun stagnating since 2001 on other hand ( and productivity began to stagnate in the mid 90s for instance ) . 
  growth is also affected by the level of economy , you ca n't compare the two . 
   ( 2 ) member states shall provide the commission ( eurostat ) with a report on the quality of the data to be transmitted in accordance with article 3 . 
   ( 4 ) the commission ( eurostat ) shall assess the quality of the data transmitted . 
  * article 2 * , ** methodology ** , [ regulation ( eu ) no 549/2013 ] ( http://eur-lex.europa.eu/legal-content/en/txt/pdf/?uri=celex:32013r0549&amp;from=en ) . 
  faking datas would constitute a violation to  ( 3 ) [ ... ] the information provided should be as precise , complete and timely as possible in order to ensure maximum transparency for all sectors . 
  extraordinary claims require extraordinary evidence , you know . 
  otherwise it 's called defamation . 
  yes , greece is part of the eu and as such they have to follow esa 2010 common standards when measuring gdp . 
  but then that 's valid for everything , both when there are positive and negative datas . 
  also they introduced eurostat standards who are used by all the eu countries . 
   in reality it can be a -15 % decline . 
  but we ca n't make assumptions based on nothing . 
   last year they announced an increase in gdp because they decided to count tanks differently . 
  as far as i know they introduced eurostat standards for gdp , simple as that . 
  but rosstat is the same statistical institute that released the -7,6 % data though . 
   [ ... ] italy are unions of kingdoms wat, 
  reading how many people have proclaimed their countries to be net contributors by 2020 , at this rate only bulgaria 's gon na remain a recipient . 
  they could n't be less smart than that , destroying half the factory will make almost impossible every chance of reopening the factory with another company in the future . 
   in other words , you 're saying that when the economy was in better shape the economically active population was smaller than it is now . 
  that is wrong . 
  no it is n't , * einstein * ( given you like him ) . 
  the 15-64 yo people activity rate in italy in 2007 was 62,4 % , in q4 2016 it was 65,5 % . 
  you are taking only 25-54 yo people because of random reasons and in absolute numbers too , ignoring that category 's population has shrunk in the last decade . 
   i am stating you visibly know nothing about it , neither about the former nor about the latter .
