  what different mindset ? 
  also , as there is n't a fiscal union ( yet ) how would this bother you ? 
  btw italy is respecting the 3 % rule for some years and we ran a primary surplus for 23 years in the last 24 . 
   do you get sanitised news in italy ? 
  if every news talking about italy was accurate , italy had to fail in 2009 . 
  when will this `` fallout '' happen ? 
  then why are you not fine with italy or france/spain in the euro ? 
  according to who ? 
  theoretically better off because the bubble is n't caused by oversupply but by housing shortage so the constructions ( and then the economy ) wo n't fall . 
  but they have to start building houses to avoid completely unaffordable homes and the whole country becoming a new london ( which suffers from the same problem as well ), 
  they have a bubble exactly for the opposite reason you had one, 
  i 'm not saying there should be an oversupply . 
  until the demand is high so should be the construction of houses . 
  i do n't see sweden going in an economic crisis in the next years neither its demographic boom decreasing . 
  it 's not immediate going from an housing shortage to an oversupply . 
  even before the bubble spain had n't an housing shortage, 
  that 's good for you but keep going on . 
  as i said some time ago , with the economic and demographic boom stockholm is living there should be cranes and new constructions in every corner of the city , otherwise prices will go crazily up like they 're doing now, 
   * perceptions * index, 
  why do n't you just build more houses ? 
  the people having undeclared jobs are not unemployed . 
  they are inactive . 
  amd that explains why campania and sicily have a 43 % employement rate , compared to 55 % in spain with similar levels of unemployment, 
  aosta , like south tyrol , friuli , most of veneto and parts of piedmont , is not that representative for the whole of italy, 
  take that , turkey . 
  did we win ? 
  you would need hands to drink , you know, 
   they have approximately half the european market share they had prior to the ez . 
  because every italian does n't own a fiat anymore . 
  fiat fell in the internal market because they do n't make anymore cars for the middle and middle-upper classes who go on audi 's , bmws and anyway foreign cars . 
  actually the trade deficit with germany was definitely bigger the year before the crisis . 
  now it pretty does n't exist anymore because exports increased a lot and imports decreased a lot too . 
  italy has other structural problems . 
  competitiveness is not one of them , exports have been doing very good in the recent years . 
  because they make meaningless reports based on * perceptions * ? 
   so it 's 1500eur gross per month net . 
  [ these ] ( http://www.repubblica.it/static/infografica/economia/20151124_retribuzioni-province/01-.gif ) are the regions ' average gross wages by year, 
  noone takes $ 3500 net in sicily ... 
  gross wage ? 
   your police take cash bribes lol ? 
  so the whole of italy = stereotypes for naples ? 
  but have you ever been in italy ? 
  i 'd say bavaria and baden-w\u00fcrttemberg are . 
  mafia-related homicides in southern italy went down a lot in the last decade , in these months they are mostly in naples , but never more than 10/months , i doubt they can alter the statistics that much . 
  afaik italy has among the highest shares in europe of homicides committed by guns , but an homicide rate under the eu average . 
  tbh , dunno why . 
  it 's a suburb in the islands of venice . 
  anyway , most of people in venice live in [ mestre ] ( https://www.google.it/maps/@45.4879425,12.2328619,3a,75y,209.25h,80.99t/data=!3m6!1e1!3m4!1szvxfxgibl-fh2pxsedce9q!2e0!7i13312!8i6656 ) , in the mainland . 
  personal curiosity , but why in sweden ( as well in the other countries of the area ) there is an housing shortage ? 
  with the current demographic increase ( and economic growth ... ) stockholm is living , should n't there be a construction boom , new residencial buildings everywhere ? 
  got that , i knew the '' * ano '' surnames were widespread near naples . 
  are your relatives from campania , by any chance ? 
  the spanish one seems like the gross one to me , looking at the [ map ] ( http://e02-elmundo.uecdn.es/elmundo/2016/graficos/may/salarios-europa/salario-europa-660.png ) about the gross wages posted a few days ago . 
  unless life in spain costs twice the italian one ( impossibile , spain is much cheaper than italy ) , it would n't explain why [ purchase power ] ( http://i.imgur.com/788bxal.jpg ) is higher in italy, 
  it 's also the third city with more than 1 million inhabitants in europe by gdp per capita , after munich and paris, 
  it 's not but they are both relatively small , quiet and clean, 
  sure the requests were excessive and the crime risks relevant too , but the 250k workplaces sound good :d, 
  shiit i did n't know : o genoa is at 1.0 afaik . 
  how come such an high rate , drugs wars inside the city ? 
  were there controversies about that project ? 
  from an external pov , the project sounded great ( $ 30bn investments and 250k workplaces ), 
  gioia tauro is the biggest cocaine 's seaport in europe, 
  turin used to be called the * detroit of italy * because of the automotive industry , but i do n't think it followed at all the socioeconomic decline of detroit in the last 50 years ... maybe it 's actually charleroi , because of the declining mining industry . 
  ciudad ju\u00e1rez is either palermo or reggio calabria , naples is tijuana, 
  theoretically alcorc\u00f3n , if the project did n't fail, 
  maybe turin = cleveland ( oh ) because of the manufacturing ? 
  also , genoa = baltimora because of the seaport ? 
  and tijuana = naples ? 
  whatever , it 's useless . 
  thing that could be said for you , with the difference that you did n't even say anything, 
  pretty much who ? 
  what 's the sense of adjusting the gdp to cost of life , if not to fix the varations caused by the currency changes ? 
  you do n't earn it . 
  it 's not the disposable income , that would make sense if adjusted to purchase power . 
  let me explain . 
  if you have a 20k nominal gdp per capita , of which 2k come from manufacturing , 1k from constructions and so on , and you have a 30k gdp ppp your actual richness would be too inflated , as you do n't have a 3k output per capita from manufacturing neither a 1.5 k one from constructions and so on ... 
  missing rome . 
  i 'd give it the place of paris , and the last one is chicago . 
  frankfurt seems too small for chicago , maybe a rich fast growing city such as houston or dallas ? 
  and who 's detroit ? 
  and athens and lisboa ? 
  gdp ppp = / = nominal ( normal ) gdp, 
  it 's true . 
  gdp ppp inflates the actual richness of the poorer countries too much , and deflates the actual richness of the richer ones . 
  in italy the crisis is due to the fall of the domestic demand . 
  export went down in 2009 ( world crisis ) but in 2011 they had already recovered the fall . 
  look at the [ difference ] ( http://www.termometropolitico.it/media/2014/12/fatturato-interno-esterno.png ) between domestic and exports facturate of the manufacturing factories in 2008-2013 . 
  the domestic market was dying but exports held back a complete fall of the industrial production . 
  the tendency to exports increased a lot during the crisis , also we have a lot of regional differences in the percentuage you wrote ( emilia romagna and veneto , regions doing very well lately , are easily above 40 % , calabria is at 2 % ), 
  italy has a large trade surplus and exports grew by roughly $ 60bn ( +18 -19 % ) just in the last 5 years . 
  as i always repeat , the problem is the domestic market and the consumer spending , not the euro and its value . 
  sure the weaker is its value the more exports with non-ez countries go well , indeed a lot of exports were hauled by the us market, 
  it would anyway, 
   the latvian economy fell 18 % in the first three months of 2009 annualized , i guess ? 
  out of curiosity , why do you believe the uk to be much closer to australia than to canada ? 
  lol, 
  tunis, 
  i 'd call it grey market , the black market implies illegal activities ( drugs , guns ... ), 
  well , actually naples ' province ( where female employment is the lowest in italy at 20,1 % , the highest rate is in bologna 's province with 64,7 % ) has a natality rate well above the italian average . 
  yet we have to take into account too that a lot of people in southern italy - over 1 out of 5 people working legally - have an undeclared job and work in the informal economy .
