because all the spaniards decide what spain is . 
  read the constitution . 
  how hard is that ? 
   catalunya s\u00ed que es pot they want a referendum but they want catalonia to remain in spain, 
  i know it hurts but 52  47, 
  i repeat , they are pro referendum but want catalonia to remain in spain, 
  they are pro referendum but want catalonia to remain in spain, 
   who decides what is a nation ? 
  the people of that nation . 
  so , could barcelona declare itself a nation ? 
  we are entering a loop . 
  and you do n't understand that sovereignty belongs to all the spaniards , like the spanish constitution ( voted by all spaniards including catalans ) says, 
  catalonia neither . 
  who decides what is a nation ? 
  you ? 
  would you let tarragona province to split from catalonia ? 
  let me guess ... no . 
  hypocrite, 
  and what happens if my province or my town declare themselves an independent nation ? 
  or what happens if the city of barcelona , with a large population and its own history , makes a referendum and they want to remain part of spain . 
  that would be a mess . 
  territorial integrity and law enforcement are essential for a democracy . 
  otherwise that would be anarchy . 
  moral right ? 
  enough, 
  exactly . 
  that 's what the spanish constitution , approved by all the spaniards including catalans , say . 
   national sovereignty belongs to the spanish people , from whom all state powers emanate . 
   they have the right to get out because you say it . 
  the laws that all the spaniards , including catalans , approved say the oposite, 
  navarre , basque country and madrid are richer, 
  the government will suspend the autonomy if that happens, 
  he was injured, 
  navarre is 3rd, 
  thanks to the french, 
  and salmorejo ? 
  venga , p\u00edrate ya pesado . 
  no l'entenc . 
  yes , i meant crown of aragon . 
  my mistake, 
  \u00bf lo pillas ? 
  is this increase a little artifial ? 
  i mean that if basque is being spoken now in places where it has never been spoken in history . 
  do n't take it as an attack , just curious . 
  the counties were so independent , that they were ruled by the same guy so , when phillip ii was king of portugal , spain and portugal were the same country ? 
  la primera referencia expl\u00edcita al t\u00e9rmino principatus cathaloniae se produce en 1350 . 
  ok , but each county was independent from each other and the principality of catalonia was part of the kingdom of aragon so , as usual , you are taking a historical fact twisting it so that it fits your ideas . 
   apart from the 3 republics of catalonia that have existed , of course good joke . 
  two coups that led to nothing and a civil war between catalans in which france took advantage in order to conquer the roussillon . 
  '' visca el re\u00ed d \u00b4 espanya i muiren els traidors '' '' long live the king of spain and death to the traitors '', 
  he was older than his brother . 
  maybe someone can think that he killed him to ascend the throne, 
  catalonia was never independent and andalucia was the granada kingdom . 
  this game does n't seem very good historically . 
  i believed that baku was in asia, 
  just rumors . 
  they were very happy in seville . 
  they are going to film in girona and pe\u00f1iscola next year . 
   50 countries , 230 languages , 731m people ... 1 subreddit, 
  why the downvotes ? 
  it has been changed to 16, 
   economic imbalance toward catalonia debatable . 
  if you believe in interterritorial solidarity you should be happy with the current system but i think that the problem is that you are simply selfish . 
  madrid is the most disadvantaged and they do n't complain http://www.abc.es/media/201407/25/balanzafiscal--644x800.jpg i think you should focus in your polititians , those who made catalonia to have an incredible debt . 
  catalan nationalists rejected a fiscal system like basque or navarrese in the transition . 
   catalanophobia false . 
   attacks against our language like having 25 % of hours in school in castillian and 75 % in catalan . 
  or fines for not labeling in catalan ( this does n't happen anymore )  a total rejection against all the propositions of autonomy and a referendum for catalonia and the humiliation of those that got through ( estatut ) more autonomy ? 
  the european region with more autonomy and you want more ? 
  you have education competence , health , regional police , ... the only thing you do n't have is your own fisco . 
  i think that pp made a big mistake with the estatut . 
  i am republican and i try to make my country better , not to destroy it . 
  what reason ? 
  the anthem also represents me . 
  how would you feel if i did the same with els segadors ? 
  the problem is that hate only generates rejection and you are not going to get anything humiliating an entire nation . 
  you can whistle , burn flags , say that spain steal you , etc. 
  but do n't expect that we like it . 
  what ? 
  did the republicans parties win the last elections and i did n't notice ? 
  the national anthem represents the country , not the king . 
  you can do what you want but it is impolite . 
  they booed the anthem , not the king, 
  i have n't force you to do anything, 
  very impolite, 
  and ? 
  good luck with the new barcelona 's coin, 
  the math is that 23  18 and ciu + erc+cup = 44 % . 
   it seems that it was n't neither written by a constituent assembly with this only power http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/government_of_the_constituent_legislature_of_spain http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/fathers_of_the_constitution what you say is very beautiful but it is impossible to implement . 
  in your opinion , a representative democracy is n't a true democracy ? 
  is there any democratic country in the world ? 
  we have to live with a legal framework , otherwise it would be a chaos . 
  who can decide what is democratic ? 
  the laws and the judges , and the laws are made by polititians that are elected by the people so at the end the legal solution is the democratic solution . 
  it 's always good to remember that catalu\u00f1a will always be spain , it reduces the frustrations, 
  bla , bla , bla ... http://www.infolaso.com/politica1/27-elecciones-en-espana/715-constitucion.html '' democracy can not be the dictatorship of the majority '' would you respect the decision of barcelona or tarragona province if they chose to stay in spain ? 
  let me guess ... no we have the law , the army and the legitimacy . 
  what do you have ? 
  nothing . 
  '' the constitution is based on the indissoluble unity of the spanish nation , the common and indivisible homeland of all spaniards ; it recognizes and guarantees the right to self-government of the nationalities and regions of which it is composed and the solidarity among them all . '',
