  you need 2/3 , not 75 %, 
  democratic solution ? 
  the most democratic solution is to respect the constitution, 
  nice map but i think spain should be greener , northern morocco also, 
  this chart is very debatable, 
  mercadona !, 
  in spain everybody associate portugal with towels because in the past some products like towels or furniture where cheaper there . 
  now it makes little sense because the cost is similar but the joke/cliche has remained . 
  thank you portugal for the towels and bacalhau, 
  pathetic, 
  they are oficial . 
  spanish constitution : 1 . 
  castilian is the official spanish language of the state . 
  all spaniards have the duty to know it and the right to use it . 
  the other spanish languages shall also be official in the respective self-governing communities in accordance with their statutes . 
  the wealth of the different linguistic forms of spain is a cultural heritage which shall be especially respected and protected . 
  i live in huelva , which is the spanish province with more woodland ( in percentage ) . 
  i have bad news for you , that wo n't happen, 
  sooner or later foral laws will disappear . 
  fiscal union in the ue is n't compatible with medieval fiscal privileges . 
  pfff, 
  in the other hand ; tv3 , the catalan goverment propagandistic machine , is the most impartial tv in the world, 
  i do n't know , tell me, 
  you can stay in your shitty rock, 
  this is surreal ... have you ever been in spain ? 
  how can you compare the situations of spain and ukraine ? 
  do you really think that this law forbid demonstrantions ? 
  we have a constitutional court and if this law is against constitution ( which guarantees the right of demonstration and free speech ) it will be banned . 
  i do n't know how democracy works in poland but in 8 months we 're gon na vote for our next president and i think that many people will vote to the current president . 
  if , like you say , this government ban demonstrations and people reelect them , would you justify a coup in the name of democracy ? 
  no , there are different groups that protest for different purposes . 
  consequently , the center of madrid is always full of protesters, 
  that 's your problem, 
   this law effectively ban protest and that is usually not a good thing . 
  believe what you want but that is completely false, 
  i see , if you do n't like a goverment the most democratic way of changing it is assaulting the parliament . 
  i 'm sorry but 3 years ago spanish people chose their representatives and i do n't want that a minority of people can restrict their labour . 
  if spanish people are not pleased with them they only have to wait until december and vote other option . 
  by the way free speech is guaranteed : in 2013 there were 4000 demonstrations in madrid ( 11 each day ) and only in 7 of them riot gear was used , as you can see spain is a very hard dictatorship . 
  in spanish : http://www.elmundo.es/madrid/2013/12/21/52b5933422601db9418b4570.html, 
  you are right . 
  it should be more definite but the purpose of the law is what it is , there is not a conspiracy of evil francoist trying to cut the freedom . 
  i 'm not in favour of forbidding demonstrations . 
  demonstrations have to be pacific and in places where they do n't disturb people . 
  99 % of demonstrations are like this but occasionally there a are problems and if you try to prevent people to assault the parliament you are called fascist , francoist ... what is more fascist , trying to assault the parliament or preserve the public order ? 
  basques are very welcoming with inmigrants , right ? 
  you can protest where you do n't disturb the people . 
  less downvotes and more arguments, 
  no thank you , i 'm happy here . 
  if you either like to live in spain you can go to ireland with your friend . 
  i 'm sure that if the spanish police were like gestapo you would have gone long time ago . 
  if you have an image that proves an abuse you can denounce it but you ca n't put in danger the cop 's safety by sharing the image . 
  good action . 
  i do n't see where is the problem, 
  the use of images or data of police will be an infraction if it puts in danger the safety of the cop or his family . 
  that is what the law says literally . 
  i think is ambiguous but the poitical left is doing a big propaganda campaign . 
  would you let my city to declare ourselves independent because we feel culturally different from the rest of the country and because it 's our will ? 
  gibratar is still a colony and a non-self-governing territory . 
  the self-determination right only exist for colonies, 
  the spanish government has done what you say . 
  even the un has told several times to the uk to stop the gibraltar 's occupation . 
  ally ? 
  hahaha, 
  he had a death note and was looking in different classrooms the people that he wanted to kill , he was moving, 
  i do n't understand reddit . 
  i was curious to know if you have lived the transtition . 
  he was older than his brother , maybe someone can think that he killed him to ascend the throne, 
  how old are you ? 
  third world level = / = crisis . 
  by the way the recovery has started, 
  i guess people can not read because i am asking a different thing, 
  i meant the imf 's april 2015 report for europe, 
  do you have the map for europe ? 
  we 'll see in the next years . 
  2015 2.5-3 % gdp growth and 600-800k more jobs, 
  gibraltar is tiny, 
  like your intelligence . 
  spain + portugal = iberia, 
  if republicans are n't a minority why do n't they win the elections ? 
  well , there are more countries out there . 
  false, 
  in summer i play football in the beach until 22:00, 
  data is from 2012, 
  cervantes is cervantes, 
  2012 andalusian parliamentary election : nationalist parties = 0 % 2012 galician parliamentary election : nationalist parties = 10 %, 
  '' art '', 
  hey , look at me , i 'm catalan, 
  invaders ca n't be spanish, 
  no , he is right, 
  he is jos\u00e9 luis torrente , a national hero . 
  it 's not a matter of importance , ceuta and melilla are an integral part of spain since centuries ( before morocco even existed ) . 
  it 's like giving away any other part of spain . 
  another mantra , that when you discuss independence arguments you create more independence . 
  well i 'm sorry but i wo n't shut up . 
  funny how the left do n't believe in interritorial solidarity between rich and poor regions . 
  if catalans controled their taxes there would n't have been this independence movement . 
  there is not a majority of spaniards that want to end national sovereignty . 
  if the majority want that in the future , the law can be changed, 
  and why should they have a referendum ??
