b-but the smiley was n't there when i first responded . 
  he must have ninja 'd it :(, 
  it 's actually reddit 's common way of writing german accent . 
  not russian/ukrainian . 
  `` germany to review 1945 decision to accept peace treaty at the cost of k\u00f6nigsberg '', 
  i like poland 's `` special status '', 
  [ https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/big_mac_index] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/big_mac_index] it 's actually not gnp but purchasing power parity . 
  related , but not the same . 
  my bad . 
  iirc the cost of a big mac directly shows the wealth of gross national product . 
  mcdonalds produces all their ingredients for a big mac in the land where it will be consumed , so business research papers also include the `` big mac index '' in their analysis . 
  you ca n't compare driving in italy with driving in the rest of europe ... 
  german-american-friendship has been a thing for the last 70 years . 
  granted , it cooled down a bit recently due to nsa-activities , but i would not agree about germans being anti-american in general . 
  you do n't see a whole bunch of germans publicly denying holocaust . 
  and if they do , they are considered evil , bad , satan incarnation . 
  i can see a logic behind all of this . 
  can you ? 
  pretty much my favorite satw-comic . 
  i do appreciate this . 
  that 's why i mentioned it in the first place . 
  however , i do not believe family values and lacking support is the governments or the societys fault . 
  i do n't see where the social system is strangling anyone here . 
  as someone coming from a lower-class family raised by a single mom with half-time-job and low income : if you have the brains and the will it 's not too hard to move up in society . 
  i did not have too much effort doing so because my family and me got support from school and society for the first 20 years of my life . 
  imho people tend to blame society if they ca n't reach their dream position easily instead of actually working hard to achieve something . 
  sad . 
  i wonder which champion he mains ... 
  why is it offending , and to whom ? 
  it 's equally absurd to compare preparation for a rally , which has to be announced in advance , with a random ( yet possibly organized ) sexual assault that may or may not happen in any part of the city . 
  i know they had backup available . 
  why they chose to decline it is beyond me . 
  i was simply commenting on the word `` predictable '' - because once people call the police for help , the point of `` prediction '' has long passed . 
  that would be `` reaction '' then . 
  and i think we can all agree that the reaction was pretty shitty . 
  so if i call you now , can you and 300 fellow bavarians please meet me at the brandenburger tor in half an hour ? 
  preferably in uniform , organized and briefed , that would be nice . 
  their populism is apparently working on you and people that upvote you ... 
  is `` hinterland '' actually a word in english or swedish ? 
  i approach 30 now , and febo is the main attraction for me whenever i travel to the netherlands . 
  i feel old . 
  goddamn i love febo . 
  if someone comes to your country from a different cultural background , does n't speak the language , has no professional ties and contacts and still manages to steal your job ... you know , maybe the problem is n't the immigrant . 
  well , there 's still gibraltar though ... 
  i guess the new thing would be not receiving funding from the eu to tackle the crippling poverty issue anymore . 
  she 's standing behind you right now , right ? 
  southern swamp german ? 
  thanks for the update . 
  so your government backed out of a decision made by direct diplomacy because it would have been political suicide ? 
  the situation sounds familiar , but i ca n't seem to put my finger on it . 
  but the outcome is different . 
  was there major public backlash for climbing down ? 
  i know about their british identity , which is the background for my first statement . 
  i know a thing or two about their economics as well , though , which is the background for my second statement . 
  it 's not the growth loss they have to worry about , really . 
  maybe they wo n't change their minds at all , who knows ? 
  all i know is that without a really good trade deal , gibraltar will suffer the most from brexit . 
  actually , was n't there a referendum about limited immigrants a few years ago ? 
  i vaguely remember the outcome violating the agreement of free movement that switzerland signed . 
  what happened to that anyway ? 
  i kinda lost track of it . 
  as long as gibraltar wants to stay british that 's the most likely outcome . 
  and i do n't expect them to change their minds until the economical consequences of not being in the single market hits them . 
  tbf , direct diplomacy is a horrible system and i 'm glad there is no such thing in germany or the eu . 
  the average voter lacks the farsight required to make educated , politically beneficial decisions on a national level . 
  the brexit referendum was one of those cases . 
  the swiss have had a few cases as well . 
  if you do this in germany outside of big football events you 're getting stares . 
  even during those events there always are a few press articles proclaiming the renaissance of german nationalism . 
  yeah but this exact question was only answered by 500 people . 
  while that 's not really representative in any way , this still makes me feel mildly positive about my countrymen and their ability to judge the economic situation . 
  i am well aware , i 'm just saying a lot of people around me are not . 
  i do n't think a lot of germans are aware the economy is good right now though, 
  well the soviets kinda caused the german separation in the first place . 
  what were you trying to say about goldfish ? 
  according to historians , that craziness was probably more a political scheme by her father and her son than actual madness . 
  i just read a bit about her on wikipedia . 
  interesting read , thank you for bringing her up . 
  oh man i 'd so love to have more fast food from the netherlands ... like seriously , expand into europe already !, 
  i do n't know if this is helpful , but tu kaiserslautern has one of the best software engineering courses in germany . 
  no numerus clausus makes access easy , kaiserslautern is a small city , living is definitely cheaper than in vienna and education is affordable in germany . 
  if the only thing holding you back is the distance to your home , that was a strange comment to make in a post about an african dude deaming of europe . 
  i 'm aware you likely have more ( and better ) reasons though . 
  care to share ? 
  i was there on a business trip this year . 
  from the distance this shot is taken , i actually looks good . 
  up close it 's probably the ugliest abomination of a christmas tree i have ever seen . 
  sorry , was disappointed . 
  i have been at work all day so i ca n't give any feedback yet . 
  ludwigshafen and mannheim are well known for their high muslim population in germany , but i feel like people tend to get along reasonably well in general . 
  christmas markets are basically the only event here where you barely see muslims take part . 
  tldr , i did n't feel like i was in danger of being killed by a ludwigshafen born and raised muslim boy . 
  rough translation : they took the substance out of the glass and confirmed it was flammable , but they do n't know how it would have reacted had it been trapped in the glass . 
  i live directly at that christmas market and there are usually around 50 people there in the evenings , maybe a few more on a saturday . 
  it 's a rather small market , especially for the region . 
  the neighboring cities mannheim and heidelberg both have bigger and more famous markets , the former ( 20 minutes by foot ) would have been a way better target . 
  i felt save on our little market so far . 
  how wrong i was . 
  i , for one , am very happy . 
  i live 150m away from that christmas market and i 'm a regular there .
