are you kidding ? 
  the pkk is absolutely loving our protectionist , nationalist agenda . 
  what they would n't love is a kurdish party which embraces the turkish progressive movement ( an unclaimed group for a long time ) and is trying to end the bloodshed by negotiating in parliament , rather than by fighting . 
  hdp 's strategy worked , and they received more votes in the cancelled election than the mhp , a much older party with a more devoted following . 
  all the bloodshed pkk has done since thelped two groups -- neither of which was hdp . 
  that is my opinion . 
  also protectionism is more warranted when isis members are passing our borders to receive medical attention , only to return to fight in syria . 
  i ca n't discuss any longer since i 've had this conversation many times . 
  what i wrote in my initial comment stands . 
  i want my country to deal with this issue head-on , and i want to be in good ( maybe even friendly ) terms with a country i 'm sharing borders with . 
  i think that 's a reasonable opinion . 
  your last paragraph is just riddled with unsubstantiated paranoia , and i wo n't even get into that sinister generalisation of land being top priority to turks . 
  if you want to label me as a traitor , you 'll have to try harder than that . 
  turks love owning land ( who does n't ? ), 
  but as far as doing something with it goes , we see how eastern and southeastern turkey fares at the moment . 
  all those military interventions and still no land reform ? 
  of course this is where you possibly tell me that the ` global powers ' are not allowing us to do something with it . 
  i defer to actual experts on this matter , so how this is phrased is not up to me of course . 
  i 'm tired of the proverbial sword of damocles hanging above our collective head \u2212 and being in the mercy of other nations ' . 
  this needs to be solved and a normalcy reached with armenia , if we want to move on as a sovereign nation . 
  that 's how we control our destiny : by conducting a dialogue . 
  diplomacy is the one thing we do n't seem to have pre-installed as a people . 
  i 've seen too many attempts thwarted by ultra-right wing idiots to really believe in the sincerity or competence of our side . 
  furthermore , we absolutely need to pay reparations of some kind \u2212 even an idiot could see that people were forcibly evicted , their land and property seized . 
  although i love my country , it is just riddled with unprocessed trauma . 
  and it keeps biting us back . 
  it 's making us look weak . 
  we just need to be proactive and learn to negotiate . 
  countries do n't necessarily need friends ( does the united states have friends ? 
  i doubt it ) but they need allies , and we have * nobody * at the moment . 
  funny how you 'd assume an entire nation would invent a tragedy of this magnitude just to get money and land , and a person `` falls for that '' as if it 's a con . 
  really says something about your worldview . 
  i am not an expert on the matter . 
  but i 've heard both sides and looked at the facts , and honestly , this tragedy needs to be addressed in one form and another for this wound to heal . 
  and what is this fetishisation of land anyway ? 
  i am all for armenians returning to their towns pre-1915 , claiming what land they have the right of ownership . 
  if they 'll live there , let them come . 
  if they wo n't , let them sell it . 
  what 's absolutely unacceptable is the state robbing a group of people , and as a country , we do that too often . 
  well the asymmetry goes both ways here . 
  i am willing to accept the wrongdoings of my country but most people are too eager to throw the baby out with the bathwater . 
  turkey has been a modern state for 90 years , not a functioning democracy but we were slowly getting there . 
  ( and you can say that for all of eastern europe/new east . ), 
  erdogan was supposed to be a model for moderate islam and the west absolutely loved him and put him on a pedestal because of this . 
  i remember seeing articles on the economist and the new york times that supported him and being absolutely shocked . 
  so when like any islamist would he dialed it up to 11 , it was the west 's turn to be appalled . 
  for every turkish asshole who feels it is entirely within his right to chant islamist slogans in the netherlands and call the german government ` nazis ' , and believe there 's any future in supporting a neo-ottomanist ideology , there is a secular turkish person who cultivated relationships with the west , lived their life as if they have been only separated from the rest of europe by circumstance , only to be met by europeans who believe their country should be abandoned because ` they ' deserve it and ` we do n't need them anymore ' , and populist politicians who believe all turks to be subhumans who can never be europeans . 
  so yes , i 'll extend my hand to my armenian friends every april . 
  i 'll support their attempts to have the genocide recognised . 
  but the west needs to stop pussyfooting around this issue like turkey is some sectarian shithole . 
  we need friends , as well . 
  you 're welcome to join the assymetry . 
  let 's put a heart between our countries . 
  i 'm all for my country to accept the armenian genocide , the borders opening for trade and tourism , and our countries being bros. 
  i hope someday we will be able to mourn your dead together , and celebrate armenians ' contribution to our land . 
  this era of cheap populism and moderate islamism shall pass . 
  we have good days ahead . 
  by ` these cultures ' you realise that you do n't mean a remote inaccessible country ? 
  asia minor has been in contact with trade and technology organically for centuries . 
  ottoman empire used to be the biggest trade ally to what is now the netherlands and parts of italy . 
  secularisation ( under a guise of modernisation/westernisation ) began in the 19th century and marched slowly . 
  need i remind you that during this time european nations were scrambling in africa , killing and imprisoning ` savage ' peoples ? 
  we know that the coups were orchestrated externally during the cold war since the country was a necessary ally and was n't allowed to stray . 
  it destabilised the country entirely , because it allowed for militarist juntas to completely destroy the leftist opposition . 
  similar things happened in latin america during this time . 
  and look where we are -- all that effort to save freedom and we are losing the battle to populist lunatics anyway , having already lost it to bankersexual neoliberal bastards . 
  turkey is going through a rough time , but the last thing that either parties need is a holier-than-thou attitude on the part of europeans , since all nations with no exception are pretty susceptible to a similar crisis . 
  ferdi say\u0131\u015fman was a famous calligrapher and did the lettering for many comics around that time . 
  he says that when they decided to publish * lucky luke * in turkey in the mid 1950s , they wanted to use their own name for the character , and adopt the ` red ' from [ * red ryder * ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/red_ryder ) and ` kit ' from the title character of [ * the adventures of kit carson * ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/the_adventures_of_kit_carson ) , both famous western stories of the time . 
  thus red kit was born . 
  moreover , luke 's dog rantanplan was a parody of the famous dog rin tin tin , star of [ * the adventures of rin tin tin * ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/the_adventures_of_rin_tin_tin ) , another western series . 
  so they removed the parody angle and named the dog rintintin . 
  today rantanplan is arguably more famous than rin tin tin in most of europe , including turkey , where he is known as rintintin . 
  good . 
  it 's basically fait accompli politics , and all majoritarian movements abuse this democratic loophole . 
  if erdogan did n't get the answer he wanted , life would be made a little worse in the following months , and the question would be asked again . 
  with an achilles heel like that , it 's a miracle that these institutions have survived to this day . 
  thanks . 
  i 'm currently based in the uk , completing a master 's degree in oxford . 
  but as much as i love europe ( and consider myself european -- having been born in istanbul ) part of me suspects that i will be treated like a refugee or a second-class citizen here , if i choose to stay . 
  the recent geopolitical developments do n't really have a historical precedent : secular , modern turks do not really have the safe harbours persecuted people of europe had in the 20th century . 
  the isolationist right has found too much acceptance everywhere , i 'm afraid . 
  call me proud , but i do n't want some drunk englishman shout ` why are you here mate ? 
  england is full . 
  go back to your own country ! ', 
  at me . 
  yeah , to rephrase , there are prerequisites for a centrist ideology which the kurds do not really possess in turkey . 
  there are many undercurrents for the political situation we 're in and the kurdish discourse is really not part of it , not really . 
  if a centre-left party like chp ( or any other party ) could build a platform for kurds without being branded `` terrorist-sympathisers '' by the akp-mhp axis of dumbasses , they could start a truly pluralist movement -- we can see that there is popular support for this , if we recall the gezi protests , before its legacy was tainted by the erdoganist propaganda machine . 
  one potential problem could be that racial or sectarian issues could overwhelm the party ; and that 's why an agenda that 's focused on socioeconomic issues could actually work . 
  but for this to work , demagogues like erdogan have to be erased from the political forum . 
  i do n't agree that it 's inherently problematic , but kurds -- though they come from a variety of other demographics -- vote differently ( well , maybe more narrowly ) than their turkish compatriots . 
  provincial kurds have a `` feudal spirit '' for the lack of a better term : they vote for the kurdish party ( which leans far left and has a more nation-statist offshoot , and there is n't really a centrist kurdish movement ) , and a number of them are actually islamist and vote for akp ( you can see it in the results of the latest referendum , especially in the east ) . 
  but kurds and alawites are always the boogeyman for turks , who in general vote in the outer regions of the spectrum . 
  i think a centrist two-party system may inherently be what the turks want . 
  and then ... california ? 
  crisis averted !, 
  to answer this with a historically accurate meme : you ca n't have a kurdish majority if you call them mountain turks . 
  some turkish philosopher once said : ` turkey is a ship that is on a nonstop journey to the east . 
  some passengers run west on its decks , and think that they will eventually reach the west . ',
