do you think jobbik will gain more support from fidesz recent unpopularity ? 
  well i guess it depends , in the uk if we won it , i would love to see it projected onto nigel farages head , but then it may cause some out rage . 
  i asked my hungarian so parents and they said the biggest difference was that there was ques for everything . 
  ( of course they were being a bit funny ) . 
  but seriously it was strange how my so father was much saying how bad it was and awful , while my so mother said either that there were little things that were better in soviet life or that politics wise nothing much has really changed . 
  they both said there was no unemployment problems . 
  is it possible to send it to everyone in the uk inbox ? 
  any hungarians could tell me what jobbik 's position is on this ? 
  do think this could lead to them getting larger support base ? 
  i am just interested , i have not heard anything about what the other parties think and this could play into there hands in the long term , frighting times . 
  yea , the problem is out of all of this it creates a weird alliance between progressive/young educated people with jobbik who join in . 
  my hungarian gf may go to the protest , shes not interested in politics but is angry about this as well . 
  i do n't want to tell her not to go , but i am worried it could turn bad . 
  when hungary protests things get out of control . 
  its cool maybe i will do that thanks . 
  i ca n't wait for the generation of inter-european erasmus super babies are grown up and enslave us mortals . 
  i do n't mind a referendum . 
  i would vote to stay . 
  but i would want it to be a proper argument , proper debate , give real time for both yes and no to debate , get the facts . 
  also would not want it now but after a ge . 
  i would not want it like the eu parliament elections which turned into a vote on immigration . 
  but is n't that the `` me '' culture we are trying to get rid off . 
  i mean we all know orban , he would make a deal with the devil if it meant getting more money for him and his croneys . 
  you have to ask yourself will this deal actually help the hungarian people ? 
  or is it a way for him and his party to make money on the side while at the same part using the crises as a scape goat for a bigger problem with the hungarian economy ? 
  i would agree this is deal may not be the best solution for the political crises that 's going on between eu and russia , but that is fine i think if this deal will help the hungarian economy and the people . 
  i however think this deal may be done so orban can make more money while keeping prices high in hungary and using the crises to keep the pressure of his government . 
  he 's just so corrupt i just ca n't help and feel this deal his just his agenda . 
  i met my gf on erasmus in denmark , she 's from hungary . 
  i have learnt so much about hungary , and have now visited several times . 
  i love europe it 's amazing . 
  with the eu free movement of labour , we are looking to build a life together with out all the crappy red tape , but now it allows us to freely move to see each other . 
  between london and the european continent . 
  where is the desperate high speed train from portsmouth or brighton, 
  but that 's not completely true in many areas our budgets are a lot smaller , i ca n't say for london , but we are not london . 
  we are the fall guys all the time and we are suffering , we would kill for something like hs2, 
  you would probably be surprised but since everyone blames the south east of england for all the problems i think we should go independent . 
  they all blame us for having all the money and we have a big population . 
  it seems if we left we could be a very rich region . 
  saying that i would vote no i love my country even if everyone else hates the south east . 
  we are no different to the rest , some of want to create a equal society , we are not all money hoarders . 
  you would probably be surprised but since everyone blames the south east of england for all the problems i think we should go independent . 
  they all blame us for having all the money and we have a big population . 
  it seems if we left we could be a very rich region . 
  saying that i would vote no i love my country even if everyone else hates the south east . 
  we are no different to the rest , some of want to create a equal society , we are not all money hoarders . 
  national unity ca n't buy bread , or give your children a good education . 
  a good economy does that people did n't want to role the dice on there family . 
  ca n't see it changing to be honest , all the major parties have stated they will not change it . 
  its bad because its running young people into debt . 
  they always talk about the missing 50 % of those that do n't go to uni wanting to help them . 
  the truth is the current 50 % have no chance either , there are no top jobs , there is no prosperity for most . 
  i am one of them , i am only taking a masters because i wont get work , its a delay tactic . 
  things are worse then ever for students and most of the young , that properly why young suicide rates have tripled . 
  its fine for me , i could win both ways, 
  i disagree , we have seen more recently the eu has become much stronger in its laws . 
  unlike when the uk and the first member 's joined , there is now criteria and laws that can not have opt outs . 
  with the union growing a new scotland joining would have to follow the same process 's as bulgaria and romania , and would n't be able to negotiate to far when it comes to membership and opt outs . 
  basically i ca n't see how scotland would be able to negotiate something like that , with the eu citizen initiative fraternit\u00e9 2020 i cant see it happening . 
  they can be a member of the eu though which will mean english students can flood into scotland and take up the free education . 
  scottish education would become much more competitive and scots may find they are n't able to get positions at universities . 
  have n't we already done a uk one that included scotland , we do n't need a second post . 
  you are still part of the uk remember you voted to stay . 
  scots are british citizens irish ( generally ) are not . 
  there a minority as they are a nationality in country . 
  where on the question does it say ethnic minority ? 
  i am sure if you add all the european ethnic groups it would be very close . 
  but we are talking about nationalities not really ethnic groups . 
  even 4th biggest is still one of the biggest . 
  i am just talking about the irish groups . 
  in the end it does not matter we are all humans in the end . 
  well it goes india , poland , pakistan , ireland , germans , then bangladeshis according to ons estimates . 
  so actually i am not living in the past as the irish are still the 4th biggest minority . 
  3 european countries actually make up the top 5 . 
  edit : you might read to much daily mail ? 
  indians may have over taken them , i know there is about 400,000 irish migrants and they were the biggest in 2001 . 
  irish - what i have noticed that the view of irish people is basically divided on generation . 
  the younger generation i.e those born after the 1980s tend to view the irish as fellow europeans who culture and language is similar to our own and who we get along with very well . 
  good drinking buddies and all that . 
  plus irish accent on is seen as a hot thing ( guy speaking here ) . 
  the older generation its much difference , the irish are much treated with suspicion , different , sometimes even looked down on at times . 
  i know my grandmother ( bless her sole ) would tell my parents the irish were basically sub-human ( yikes ! ) . 
  there seen how many in britain now treat muslims with same suspicion . 
  then again i guess they experience the terror threat they had on britain . 
  for me being 22 its hard to imagine to think like that . 
  that we should treat the irish as they were enemy . 
  i could never imagine being under threat by them . 
  and when i hear about the troubles still in ni its incredible . 
  but yea its crazy but i still love the irish !!, 
  `` the problem with socialism is that you eventually run out of other people 's money . '', 
  yes a another word i do n't have to learn the hungarian version off !, 
  they have one of the biggest synagogues in europe in budapest . 
  they also support a lot of anti-jewish rhetoric the comes from islamic states . 
  not surprise by orbans step up on the rhetoric , especially when hes got jobbik as the opposition . 
  i mean people can write him of but hes not a idiot hes a very smart politician . 
  people who write off his rhetoric will not really understand hungarian politics . 
  the right dominates hungary political debate , and while the rest of europe might turn there nose up to some of orban 's more vindictive comments . 
  his support base at home will gain out of it . 
  the best thing for hungary is if a either left & liberal parties could win back more seats and pull hungarian politics back towards the center . 
  you know you can access most of the documents on ttip including the minuets of negotiations on the european commission website .
