  no but i attempt to . 
  and still am . 
  well i can tell you well over 100 people who went on it from my uni alone , let alone hundreds of other unis . 
  its is very popular . 
  and getting more so as people return . 
  i think this popularity is growing in the uk . 
  of course there is . 
  thousands of students go on it every year from unis across the uk . 
  its actually very popular among young people . 
  this is the thing people forget about britain . 
  the young people of this country are very pro-eu . 
  the problem is the conservatives , labour , ukip etc. 
  only cater to the old pensioners that is why we come across as a country that is eurosceptic . 
  i am not saying that people do n't have culture , but you can have that and still accept a certain unity in different people beyond politically defined borders . 
  i just meant the `` us vs them '' culture was easily broken . 
  i agree !, 
  went to denmark for a year , travel to germany and hungary as well !, 
  it was a great experience met so many amazing people . 
  smashed the idea of national identity completely . 
  we are and everyone is . 
  the problem is nobody actually knows whats going because nobody has read any of the documents on the ec website . 
  most just follow news stories that have completely blown everything out of the proportion . 
  * this is for the watch *, 
  if they can sort out the greek crises i can see the eu beginning to really see strong growth . 
  where do you think he keeps his armies ? 
  in his sleevies . 
  i think its because its designed by someone who could be moroccan it said 's at the bottom and they might agree with the moroccan claims . 
  well that 's going to upset some people is n't it . 
  i mean you can argue that its a overreaction but flags can be a very personal thing as it has such a strong connection to people identity . 
  the person who did they obviously new they were going to kick something up . 
  lets hope its taken down and just left like that . 
  basically the poland & lithuanian commonwealth ? 
  is a revolution a revolution if it fails ? 
  or is it just a uprising ? 
  but yea i know 1956 , what i meant was in 1989 there was not a huge uprising . 
  in the summer maybe , in the winter would have been a frozen and cold . 
  hungary could be the exception , it just kind of gave up on communism . 
  there was no big revolution , the communist party just decided to give in have elections . 
  its quite strange because it was the post communist government that came in early 90s that kind of messed up the hungarian economy . 
  they messed it enough that in 1994 the socialist party ( renamed ex-communist party ) was re-elected . 
  strange huh . 
  i think there called bavarian 's . 
  hungary be like `` what is everyone complaining about ? '', 
  true i wonder how many would support barcelona leaving la liga, 
  i dunno why they are making such a big deal about it . 
  the fact that its taken so long should not be something to celebrate . 
  when we changed the law a few years ago , everyone in this country did the same and the first thing people said its 2013 should this have already happend ? 
  glad ireland has caught up with the west . 
  well i do n't know why people are surprised , we may be in `` modern time '' with modern military but we still fight war depending on the seasons . 
  its becoming summer now and its the time of season to begin pushes along the lines . 
  new supplies built over the winter , new parts to fix equipment . 
  i can see that both sides will begin to probably push against each other again . 
  maybe they should have like a tv show , put it on before game of thrones . 
  latvia also seem to be part of the galactic empire ... 
   smoothbore 125mm cannon capable of fire guided anti-truck missiles . 
  [ oh i do n't need anything like that ... yet !, 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xipld0wqkcy ), 
  well not for the conservatives they actually managed to get more votes then they did last time and so did labour . 
  so i would not say its changed to much . 
  the only thing that has is the lib dems have got weaker . 
  if anything we are back at the 1990s again . 
  try to find my gf house . 
  her village is there but not her house . 
  :( dammit i will have to look for more evidence that she is true magyar , however will she be crowned princess of hungary unless i can find evidence she is related back to either stephen or arpad . 
  the thing is the international community may not like orban but who else is there really ? 
  mszp are not going to get in power any time soon . 
  and what do people really want jobbik in power ? 
  scary thought . 
  its shame lmp ca n't seem to take advantage of the mszp fall in support . 
  orban is basically diet dictator , not that good for but better then the full version . 
  argentina could n't even if it wanted to , they have no real military of which to speak off . 
  the russians are hardly going to supply them with the equipment they need . 
  the islands are much better defended then they were . 
  orban always seems to be coming up with policy just to try and steal votes away from jobbik . 
  its interesting how much there support is influencing fidesz . 
  what surprises me most is that jobbik are now the main opposition , its a very strange scenario where the right-wing party opposition is the extreme right . 
  france establish a port on the falklands in 1764 , before that the island was completely uninhabited . 
  in 1766 the british established another small colony in 1768 since then the british have had people on the island long before any argentinians or spanish turned up . 
  argentina had not even existed until 1818 ans was not a independent state until 1846 4 years after the falklands became a official crown colony . 
  that is the history it is fact , you ca n't deny it what ever your view . 
  i am sorry but that is how it is and why people living there have a full claim to the island . 
  maybe the bulgarians should move of land of the byzantium/roman empire ... this is literally how pointless your argument is . 
  the islands where un-inhabited , small colonies where set up eventually after many failed colonies , the british set one up that worked . 
  also the people that now rule argentina are not even natives anyway . 
  well its probably a result of a continuous decline of the hungarian population but also everyone moving towards the city for jobs and more money . 
  from what i know of hungary , the city is really where you find are were most the well payed jobs are and where most people want to work . 
  agriculture is a huge part of hungarian culture but its decline has been going on for a while . 
  the biggest problem in regard to hungary apart from the declining population is that 60 years of communist trying to industrialize a country based on agriculture has well messed up the country side which still has not recovered . 
  i think there are two possible steps to solving this problem , tourism and immigration or tourism and hungarians to have more babies . 
  tourism outside of budapest , and growing population should help the country as a whole . 
  well the reason that is the case is that there the ones who provide the most income for it and pay for it . 
  without them eurovison well would n't be able to afford to work . 
   their conclusion is that the swing you mentioned does not exist and the left lost voters because of their lack of solutions for real problems . 
  yea its strange because if you look at the polls there is a clear indication that jobbik support grows at the same rate as the `` left '' falls , while lmp & fidesz remains the same , its interesting , well i will keep searching . 
  hey sorry , i just want to say i know where you are coming , my research has shown a very similar story and i know that terms are used which may not hold true . 
  part of my dissertation is looking at how jobbik use cultural connections in there rhetoric to obtain support from a wide area of the political spectrum , my problem is i have found this correlation between the decline in `` left '' coalition support in the run up to the election and the rise in jobbik and i was wondering if there was any hard evidence that can back up my point that previous mszp voters or maybe towns swapping over to jobbik support . 
  i am just struggling to find any articles . 
  i think this is part of a larger re-deployment more then anything . 
  we are still re-organizing from leaving the afghan occupation . 
  but i glad we are reinforcing a very important piece of british territory .
