i 'm ashamed of my country . 
  the majority of conservatives certainly did understand the consequences of a leave vote . 
  it was a break-away faction within their own ranks which campaigned to leave , but the prime minister and the majority of his mps campaigned to remain . 
   and my question is , where do they stand at this moment ? 
  that 's the multimillion dollar question . 
  the short answer is , they 're having a leadership contest and the likely next prime minister will be the current home secretary , theresa may . 
  but she was on the side of remaining in the eu , and those in her party who were in the leave camp are likely to demand one of their own becomes the next leader instead . 
  you might think this is fair enough , given that their argument won the day , but the problem with that relates to the first part of your question , because those in the conservative party who 've long campaigned to leave the eu on grounds of the economy and sovereignty have been drowned out by a small but vocal minority of those who adopted and campaigned upon the anti-immigration stance of people like nigel farage . 
  while there is a legitimate case to be made for strengthening our immigration policy , and that it is true to say continued membership of the eu would make that difficult , the ukip factor has rather soiled that argument with the smell of racism in a way which the next prime minister , whoever that is , will find hard to scrub clean . 
  and they 're going to find it ever harder still to convince the european parliament , in the course of the negotiations , that there is a genuine good will to meet an amicable separation . 
  simply put , 52 % of the british people are not racists . 
  but it looks as if the vote to leave was decided by that small minority who are . 
  what we need to do now is concentrate on some of the quite legitimate reasons for wanting to leave , which would in fact put us in a better position to cope with existing levels of immigration , when we have no choice but to join the european economic area in order to retain access to the single market - also known as the norway model . 
  the irony being that this was precisely the reality of leaving the eu which saw the remain campaign branded as `` project fear '' , by the leave side . 
  farage leavers - and i have no doubt farage himself - are slowly waking up to the fact that as soon as they trigger article 50 of the lisbon treaty , they must also accept the very free movement of labour laws they campaigned so hard against , but are now be powerless to change , if they want to stand a chance of negotiating trade deals with countries outside of the eu but who already trade within it . 
  not to mention trading with the eu countries who continue to enjoy tariff free trading with one another , who would face additional tariffs for trading with a uk outside of the eea . 
  q.e.d. , if there is a single economist left in the entire country who these people actually pay any attention to , they 're going to have no choice but to step back from the number one policy on which they built their entire campaign to leave . 
  that is why boris johnson jumped ship , and i suspect this is the reason farage is distancing himself from the whole thing as quickly as he can too - although in reality that 's impossible , given he was the one who forced the conservatives to hold the referendum in the first place . 
  leave are slowly beginning to realise the true depth of the problems their own successful campaign has caused . 
  oh , but , pay no attention to the man behind the curtain , it 's the labour party who are in disarray . 
  you know , what with them having a leader the membership actually support . 
  you could n't make it up . 
  part 2 : had carswell stood for leader of ukip , the tone of the eu referendum debate just a year or so later would have been markedly different to the one we saw under nigel farage . 
  from this we might conclude that farage 's decision to reverse his resignation from the party could have been down to his recognition of this fact . 
  carswell might not be the most likeable of politicians - if such a thing indeed exists - but his arguments for the uk to leave the eu have always emphasised issues of sovereignty , and economics , and he has regularly called on his own party to avoid pushing the racist buttons which farage so gleefully jumps up and down upon . 
  we might conclude , then , that knowing as farage would that a carswell led ukip would not campaign for a vote to leave the eu on the issue of immigration , that his resignation reversal was as much based upon a conscious decision to focus the campaign upon the refugee crisis , but that in so doing he also knew this would appeal to racists and xenophobes to swing the referendum vote towards leave much more easily than he could reach out to considerate and rational voters , who might have erred towards leave for entirely legitimate reasons . 
  farage 's wont to simply lie to the british public , not just about immigration , but a whole host of other reasons he has made for a vote to leave the eu , are further underlined by the fact that the very next day , after the leave vote was announced , nigel farage appeared on the itv breakfast news programme , to declare that one of the key pledges of the leave campaign , to redirect # 350 million of eu spending towards the national health service `` was n't going to happen '' - despite that the official leave campaign had literally printed this promise in 5 foot tall letters on the side of their tour bus , and in the face of repeated calls from economists , lawyers , bankers , industrialists , trade unions and both of the two main political parties for the claim to be withdrawn , as it simply was n't true . 
  farage , when asked about this on the itv programme , then claimed that he was n't part of the official leave campaign , and that if he was he would n't have advised them to make the # 350 million nhs claim . 
  yet months earlier , on bbc question time , he repeatedly made precisely the claim that instead of sending # 350 million to the eu every week , we should instead spend that money on the nhs - literally writing what would eventually become the official leave campaign slogan . 
  in another example of the official leave campaign using farage 's playbook , and despite his baffling claim to have not been a part of the official leave camp , farage has consistently argued for `` an australian points based system '' , when it comes to deciding who can and who can not enter the uk to work . 
  this too was part of the official leave campaign 's rhetoric - and was used indiscriminately whenever leaders of the leave camp faced questions on what to do about the fact that we have consistently failed to meet immigration targets for people coming to our country from outside of the eu , which we do already control and which exceeds the number of economic migrants coming to the uk from within the eu by a considerable margin . 
  you would have thought that in pointing out the fact that more people come to our country from outside the eu than come from within it would have put something of a dampener on ukip 's claim that our borders are open thanks to unaccountable eurocrats in brussels - when in fact control of our border to the entire rest of the world falls firmly within the remit of the british government . 
  but this and other facts were repeatedly swept aside by the media , throughout the referendum campaign , in a sickening display of oneupmanship over which news channel , which newspaper or which individual journalist could scrape the bottom of the barrel even deeper than they had the day before . 
  so you have over a ten year period farage simply lying to the british public on a regular basis , on one of the most watched topical tv debate programmes in the country . 
  you add to that tabloids like the daily mail and the daily express , which poison their reader 's minds against foreigners as a matter of course . 
  and even if all of that did n't make it mind-blowingly obvious that this was n't about offering the british public a fair choice about the future direction of their country , on the day jo cox mp was shot and stabbed to death outside her consistency office by someone shouting `` britain first '' , nigel farage launched a poster campaign , featuring the slogan `` breaking point '' aside a photograph of desperate people fleeing war and hatred in their own country - literally running for their lives from the sort of people farage is happy to vote alongside in the european parliament , and from whom jo cox mp had fought relentlessly to protect them from . 
  not content with that , even as both the leave and remain referendum campaigns were suspended for three days , as a mark of respect to jo cox 's family , nigel farage called for the uk 's gun laws to be relaxed . 
  this man has built a career on dressing up hatred and ignorance as valid political concerns . 
  he appeals to the lowest common denominator - that part of society who believe everything they 're told if it chimes with their prejudice , and ignore anything and everything which proves their concerns are simply wrong . 
  he has brought deep shame to not just the 48 % of people in this country who voted to remain in the eu , but the vast majority of people who voted to leave the eu for reasons which were never explored in the press , ignored by the opinion formers masquerading as journalists , and actively used to bully those in favour of remain on social media under the supreme irony of siding with `` project fear '' . 
  when exactly this majority of my fellow britons will indeed take our country back from the racists and liars who took it from us last week remains uncertain . 
  but we need to own the result of this referendum in the name of peace and tolerance , regardless of which way we might have wished as individuals the vote would go . 
  you might have personally hoped we would remain , and consider the vote to leave a disaster . 
  you might also have hoped it would go the way it did for a long list of entirely understandable reasons which were drowned out by project beer . 
  whichever side you land upon , there should be no doubt whatsoever : handing this result over to nigel farage - as he slinks back into whatever hole he crawled from - having now caused the havoc he sought all along , would be the biggest mistake we could ever make . 
  if we 're going to do this , we 're going to have to do it together . 
  which is the last thing farage would want . 
  part 1 : let 's just think about what 's happened so far , because of this man , which might perhaps explain some things in better detail for people outside the uk , who simply do n't understand why 52 % of us voted to leave the eu . 
  around ten years ago , on a bbc tv programme called question time , nigel farage started to regularly appear on the panel . 
  members of the audience would put questions to politicians and journalists about events in that week 's news , and every opportunity he had farage would answer with the same set of stock responses ; `` if it were n't for the eu '' , this and , `` if it were n't for our uncontrolled immigration policy '' , that . 
  at first he was met with derision - usually because of his refusal to actually answer any question put to him without incessantly pivoting back to his stump speech . 
  but over time a combination of world events which just so happened to play into his hands started to change the mood in the room , whenever certain subjects which he and his uk independence party relentlessly pushed up the agenda were discussed . 
  eventually there came a tipping point . 
  prior to certain politicians leaving the conservative party to join ukip , each of the mainstream political parties refused to promise the british people a referendum on our membership of the eu . 
  but when it became obvious that more and more tories were threatening to defect to ukip , who were increasingly beginning to take third , second and first place in regional elections , prime minister david cameron had no choice but to concede to the so-called eurosceptics in his own party , and pledge that if his conservatives won an overall majority in the 2015 general election he would allow an eu referendum to take place . 
  in reality cameron had no intention of allowing the referendum vote to happen - partly because the pollsters had consistently reported that the likelihood of a their being a hung parliament was high , and partly because he had already served as prime minister for five years prior to the 2015 vote , as leader of a coalition government with the liberal democrats - and it was widely believed that due to splits in the labour party vote , caused by the liberal democrats , the green party , and ukip , that there would be no overall majority and cameron would have to form another coalition , therefore placing him under no obligation to hold the eu referendum , which was lightly pencilled into the conservative party election manifesto as a sop to the hard right in his own party . 
  what i 'm about to say next might sound conspiratorial , but please bear with me - because i want to convey the bitterness of the chill which filled the air when the polls closed on the day of the 2015 general election . 
  the host of the bbc question time programme , david dimbleby , is also the face of the bbc 's election coverage . 
  for the months and weeks leading up to the election , dimbleby had presided over the weekly debate programme with an ever more aggressive and domineering tone towards anyone from both the panel of experts to members of the studio audience , who so much as dared to express an opinion which went against the prevailing consensus of that the week 's news agenda - itself increasingly phrased in terms of the conservative party being the only rational choice at the election , or that any left of centre ideas about respecting interlocking opposites in order to work together for the common good were somehow utopian idealism , unworkable in `` the real world '' . 
  sometimes dimbleby 's aversion to allowing a properly balanced debate to take place , spilled out into blatant censorship - with many episodes of question time showing clear edit points in the video and audio , as if perhaps someone in the audience had said something which did n't swing in the direction the producers and editors of the programme had wanted that week 's debate to take . 
  then , at 10 o'clock , on the day of the general election , the bbc news results programme went on air . 
  remember , at this point every pollster was convinced it would be a very close run vote , which we would not know the results of until the wee hours of the morning . 
  dimbleby : `` it 's 10 o'clock and the polls have closed . 
  we can now reveal that the bbc 's exit poll shows a majority win for david cameron 's conservative party '' . 
  this took the conservatives as much by surprise as it did everyone else . 
  minutes later , the tv crews who had been camped outside david cameron 's house on the expectation that it would be many hours before he would emerge to express his regrets that he would not be able to form a majority government , now sprung into action to show the fleets of secret service cars hurriedly preparing to take the newly elected prime minister back to number 10 downing street quicker than even he had thought . 
  these were the first moments in which the british public realised we were now knee-deep in the early throws of a rightwing media driven frenzy towards a leave vote , in the eu referendum . 
  indeed , although this was obvious to the vast majority of the british people , it would seem the last person who realised it was nigel farage . 
  he was so consumed by bitterness and disappointment , that the constituency seat in south thanet in which he had stood for parliament had n't voted for him , that he resigned as leader of the uk independence party . 
  when it did eventually dawn on him , that the very referendum for which he had campaigned so hard for the uk to hold was now inevitable , days later he hilariously un-resigned as leader of ukip - insisting that he 'd taken on board the advice of friends and colleagues . 
  we can only speculate as to what this advice might have been . 
  but ukip 's only member of parliament , douglas carswell - a former conservative mp - had been very vocal about his disliking for the way farage 's rhetoric regularly skirted on racism , and on more than one occasion had taken to the airwaves to express his disgust at the way the leader of his own party was blatantly appealing to nationalists in far right parties like britain first , the english defence league , and other rightwing organisations with whom ukip is aligned in the european parliament , such as marine le pen 's front national . 
  i watched the `` game '' at my parents house . 
  when rashford eventually came on , my mother - who knows fuck all about football - looked up from her ipad , just as he was storming his way up the pitch with the first touch of the ball , and said `` that 's more fucking like it !! '', 
  then the final whistle blew . 
  let 's just walk through that series of events . 
  my wonderful mother has many amazing attributes . 
  she 's amazing . 
  i love her like ... ... well , a mother . 
  football tactics , on the other hand , are not one of her gifts . 
  she is to football what julian clary is to cage fighting . 
  and , while she was playing game of empires , in her dressing gown and slippers , with a cup of tea and a cucumber sandwich , she looked up at the tv , and noticed something happening that the highest paid manager in the tournament should have done from the fucking start !!!!!!!!!! 11111eleven111 !!!!!!, 
  with five cunting minutes of the arse-raping game left to bastard play !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!, 
  are you shitting meeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee ( breath ) eeeeeeeeeeee ? 
  quod erat demonstrandum : my 65 year old mother knows more about football than roy the shaven ape hodgson !!, 
  how ... why ... when ... what ... 
  the fuck ... 
  exactly . 
  eggs . 
  zactly !!, 
  they did n't even have the common decency to think about the hopes their country had placed on them to at least go out having given it their all . 
  and they have the cock and balls to to say to the press , afterwards , that they tried their best ? 
  their best ? 
  that is what shrek rooney calls his `` best '' ? 
  he 's taking the piss . 
  he 's taking the actual piss . 
  the stupid fucking tripping over his own feet cunt-monkey that he is . 
  there is no `` team '' to support . 
  the manager is a gibbon . 
  an actual simian wearing a suit .
