damn i do n't get how they ( france ) can refresh its large armies while walking around in northern america and only holding a part of their land in europe . 
  filthy cheaters , 
  the nice thing is they can sue against it at the bundesverfassungsgericht . 
  but until they have a judgement against it the current election period is over . 
  some spanish mediterranean sea island where its allways warm around the year and i can chill at some nice beach . 
  the amount of applications for asylum is rising tremendously 2 . 
  most refugees are from syria 3 . 
  most refugees are muslims 4 . 
  more than half of the refugees are younger than 25 5 . 
  this many underage refugees come to germany without company 6 . 
  this long has an asylum seeker to wait for a decision 7 . 
  more than every third asylum seeker gets approved 8 . 
  this many refugees live in germany 9 . 
  the deportation of disapproved asylum seekers is rising since 2013 10 . 
  in 5 states the amount of deportations is falling despite of rising refugee counts 11 . 
  the bundesamt f\u00fcr migration und fl\u00fcchtlinge is deciding inconsistently over applications 12 . 
  many deportations fail throught the refusal of the pilots 13 . 
  most violations of the residence law are about illegal residence and entry, 
  that 's why my first step would be to get the united kingdom out of the eu . 
  you should probably ask this in an american sub instead, 
  writing off the debts would be one of the biggest mistakes we can do ( again ) . 
  because the next day greece would just get new loans from banks and be in the same spot again . 
  so the eu would again just have paid to create huge profits for the banks . 
   i read here that syriza did n't want reforms . 
  so why did n't they reform your tax system in a way that you actually collect taxes from everyone who owes them to your state ? 
  well i guess we 'll see how it develops, 
  so let 's see if russia moves their troops down there now or prefers to let them stay on their western borders to threaten their neigbors . 
  some people do it here but i do n't know if there is any part in germany where it 's common to kiss other people to greet them . 
  depends on your friends, 
  came here to point this out too, 
  well aside from being true or not it does n't state if he was spying on them or supporting them . 
  cheers to a new glorious german military project, 
  i bet you most people still would n't care . 
  they did n't want to hear it in the first place either . 
  maybe in the media , but most people do n't care about this ( or anything else ) . 
  does n't matter she will still win the next elections . 
  people just do n't give a fuck, 
  the camerawork gives me a headache, 
  are they playing hopscotch ? 
  yeah i allready struggle with paint.net ... 
  i do n't see the problem either . 
  he acknowledges that it 's an important question for poland but asks her to temporarily widraw it until the problem in the ukraine is solved to not further put oil in the fire . 
  yep , unfortunatly it 's not a surprise, 
  i had to write an exam in frankfurt yesterday . 
  luckily on my way from the main train station to the goethe university i saw only some police car columns and at the uni there were a lot of alternative looking people sitting in the sun but doing nothing . 
  they are n't playing chess though , 
  yes but afaik stalins cult of personality started later and he took inspiration in what hitler did . 
  but i 'm no historian, 
  i do n't know much about later soviet leaders , but stalin created a pretty huge personaly cult around him ( which he learned from nazi germany and hitler :\\ \\ ) . 
  imho stalin seems to be some kind of ideal for putin . 
  maybe , but not in this case i guess . 
  well what a reliev , i thought they were broke . 
  i do n't know how common it is here because i usually do n't care which of their hair other men shave or do n't shave . 
  but i do it . 
  well even if he got to power and would want to do it he could n't because he had to leave the eu first . 
   completely ignoring that in this particular case germany is aiding someone in escaping justice for corruption . 
  it is not . 
  read the answers again . 
  and even if some politician wanted to he could n't . 
  you should read something about separation of powers , could be quite usefull for you too , 
  yeah unfortunatly it was a stupid idea to get rif of him this way, 
  this . 
  they desperatly need changes . 
  but imho a huge problem now is that they voted for people that promised those changes but have no clue about politics . 
  i do n't know what the general feeling in greece is about their situation but from what i see in the media i get the impression that many greek think that the eu is responsible for their problems while in reality they where having them for 10s of years and it only got worse by time . 
  so even if they did n't join the euro , where they cheated to get in btw . 
  ( but with the help and knowledge of other euro countries ) , their situation would still be desastorus by now . 
  on the other hand we should n't forget that countries like germany are responsible for the situation in the southern eu countries too . 
  because if you have huge foreign sale plus it means you are selling much stuff to your neigbors but do n't buy stuff in return . 
  this way their economy does n't get any foreign sale benefits . 
  then you loan them money so they buy more stuff from you which boosts your economy and they have to pay you back the loans . 
  if we want to work this out we need to have a balanced economy which is on the same level in the whole eu . 
  but with the current blackmailing stuff about various things coming from the greek government i fear people will care less everytime abut greece until they stop to care at all :\\, 
  no they did n't . 
  but according to the wiki link they charged him themselves about the same crimes and convicted him about it . 
  they also tried to extradite him to greece but this got canceld by the bundesverfassungsgericht twice because the charges of the greek authority was n't checked enough . 
  after this it was time-barred so nothing could be done about it . 
  well according to the wikipedia article you linked they did . 
  i doubt we could . 
  the owners would sue against it at courd and probably win . 
  because we are a state of law , 
  * the enemie is at our borders !, 
  quick blow up the bridge !, 
  http://cdn.citylab.com/media/img/citylab/legacy/2012/02/17/800px-baarle-nassau_frontie%cc%80re_cafe%cc%81.jpg , 
  well let me tell you about christmas and new year, 
  well it should be pretty obvious they are n't . 
  but still i allways have a fear someone will push them through to acomplish some other agenda ... 
  sorry to disagree with you too , but i think you are confusing things here . 
  `` vorrang der nacherf\u00fcllung '' means that the customer has to give the seller an oportunity to fullfill his end of the bargin ( nachzuerf\u00fcllen ) . 
  but how he has to do it can be choosen by the customer acording to \u00a7 439 bgb which is named `` nacherf\u00fcllung '' and contains both options . 
  only when he has given the seller the chance to do so he can use some of the ways to get out of the contract . 
  that 's why it 's also called `` recht zur zweiten andienung '' . 
   if a product is faulty , the seller is required to fix it ( nacherf\u00fcllung ) . 
  if the repair is not possible or not satisfactory , then the buyer can return the product . 
  that is not true . 
  the buyer can choose wether he wants it to be fixed or if he wants a new one . 
  but the seller can refuse the choice of the customer if the costs of the choice are totlay out of scale considering the circumstances . 
  but then he has to do the other of those two options . 
  see \u00a7 \u00a7 437 nr . 
  because they are extremist morons .
