  the funniest part of it is that people who are voting for the afd are supporting merkel too . 
  because there will be no afd government , it wo n't get enough votes to get the majority and none of the established parties will make a coalition with the afd as junior partner . 
  so the more votes the afd gets the more probably another great coalition between cdu and spd will take place with merkel as chancelor . 
  stupid is as stupid does, 
  maybe you should watch the video first before making judgements, 
  there is a longer version of that video showing the police being very ruthless against the refugees too . 
  pulling them out of the bus into the house while in the middle of the screaming and chearing crowd . 
  it 's another of far to many shamefull incidents . 
  having lower costs by tax evasion is n't a good way of being efficient in my book, 
  all big companies do . 
  it 's something the eu needs to change for a long time now . 
  the best part of this is if you compare them to local smaller competitors . 
  let 's say ikea vs. a small local furniture store . 
  ikea usually gets a lot of government bonuses to open a store somewhere . 
  it then avoids paying taxes as much as possible through it 's international meshwork of companies and can drive the prices down because of it 's lower costs . 
  the local store , that has to pay normal taxes ca n't compete with this in the long term and in the worst case closes down . 
  so in the end the government payed ikea to reduce the tax income it gets . 
  that 's an awsome picture !, 
   historically you 've been a corrupt appendage to russia so you mean like russia ? 
  someone who celebrates karneval is called a karnevalist . 
  what 's the name for someone that celebrates fasching ? 
  you are not very smart are you ? 
  but let me spell it out for you . 
  the eus review is about the * state * of poland not holding up to the laws that were agreed on in the treaties . 
  all your example are about individuals breaking the laws inside their countries . 
  we can only hope he does it fast, 
  you clearly have no clue what you are talking about . 
  seperation of powers does not mean that the judiciary has to approve what the executive plans to do because that would just contradict the separation and put all the power into the judiciary . 
  instead it has to check if what the executive does is according to the law when someone sues for it . 
  so it worked exactly as it should have . 
  if you do n't want stupid politicians come up with stupid plans , do n't vote for them . 
  if you do n't want others to vote for them , then convince them . 
  but for this you actually need to know what you are talking about instead of some random `` everything is bad '' blabla . 
   my great fear is simple : it is very hard to regain rights that have been given up . 
  as such , i am reluctant to give up rights , even under a trustworthy system , lest the controlling measures are removed at a later date . 
  that is true . 
  but in this context germans are not giving up any rights . 
  because our grundgesetz consits of this since its beginning . 
   2009 when ursula von der leyen tried to ... people can try a lot . 
  the only things that counts is what comes out in the end . 
  do n't know if stupid or just trolling , well whatever ... 
   they are just normal human beings with the same hunter-gatherer brain we all have . 
  i agree . 
  but i have a great respect and trust in our bundesverfassungsgericht and while most cases probably wo n't be decided by them the important ones are . 
  because each country is diffrent and to actually argue you would have to look at these cases indivisdually . 
  great britan for example does n't even have a real constitution and no freedom of press . 
   hate speech laws make it really easy to fluff politically undesirable comments as hate speech no it does not if you have a working separation of powers with a competent court system . 
  basically you are right . 
  but at the moment it 's still open if he really can be held responsible for it . 
  we 'll see what comes out of the investigations . 
  imho if you have to explain it to someone , you can save the effort, 
   `` free speech '' like in the us does \u00b4 t exist in germany and most european countries . 
  and that really is a good thing . 
  yeah probably not why he was there but it would be hilarious ( at least for a non britain ), 
  really ? 
  who would have thought ... 
   furthermore this wont affect their asylum cases they even get a free house and car for it from the government !, 
   you ca n't just have numbers on a screen and say that it 's money that 's exactly what money is . 
  well they where pretty pissed at germany, 
  still it was n't a nato thing but a `` coalition of the willing '', 
  well they can consider themselves a lot of things ... 
  damn immigrants stealing our jobs !, 
  what this reminds me of : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hv_o3ba5e28, 
   and not nearly the force it used to be but they are n't nothing . 
  if you believe various documentaries even the sovjet union was n't nearly as strong during the cold war as people were let to believe . 
  while i agree with you that an eu army would be a good thing . 
  here are some good points why that would n't change anything in the current matter https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/4qesjd/eastern_europe_how_dangerous_nato_really_is/d4sehmq, 
  next to a lot of other issues yes . 
  but i guess that does n't mean we would automatically loose the war when russia invades ( which they wo n't ) . 
  it `` only '' means that we could n't prevent them from taking a lot of land and had to reconquer it all after a long drawn out war . 
   and he is very welcome !, 
  unfortunatly that depends on where he moves here too :(, 
  obviously, 
  quality media, 
   after all the eu has been bringing a lot of good things to europe how can you tell that 100 % of the people in the eu have brought good things to europe ? 
  you really should take more care on not to generalize so much / s, 
  i do n't think anyone does n't find it horrible . 
  but it 's not a secret how these countries are and thus if people have to do their vaccation there nonetheless they do n't get much pity from me . 
   lets just hope people will remember this when buying their world cup tickets . 
  they wont . 
  and that 's the reason why i find it hard to feel much sympathy with people that have to go on holiday in countries like these . 
  it 's not like this is the first time it happend . 
  it almost seems like politicians come to the realization that blameing the eu for all their problems to get some local votes is n't good in the long run . 
  most of the names on that map are bullshit . 
  in the present, 
  wow that 's way less than i would have thought, 
  that really is an interesting article . 
  as a native speaker you sometimes do n't realize how confusing stuff can be to a foreign speaker while it comes natural for you . 
   you 've heard us tell our lame joke over and over : if it were n't for us , you 'd all be speaking german now . 
  also i agree with most of the critics about rt you have to give them credit for this advertising masterpiece . 
  i know , it was not passive aggressive against you but those other sentiments here ;-), 
  yeah unfortunately a lot of people in the eu would probably be glad about a wall in hungary if it meant hungarians not coming to western europe too . 
  both kinds are dumb in my book , but meh that 's just me being naive i guess ... 
  i 'm sure only good can come out of this for hungary, 
   then i missunderstood how it went down that 's the point we do n't know how exactly it went down . 
  all analysises or blameing who did what wrong are pure speculations . 
  now the only problem with your ( and others ) discussion about this is that apparently he took the gun from the male police officer ;-), 
  ibiza, 
  [ i found a picture of the german luftwaffe during the exercise ] ( https://blog.hiddenharmonies.org/wp-content/uploads/2009/08/broom.jpg ), 
  [ removed ]
