  the us has an influence on irish legal policy , there 's no denying it . 
  if ireland legalised some of the drugs the us is fighting against , they 'd threaten to restrict ties with us ( eg : they may re-ban irish beef from us markets ) . 
  because that would make sense . 
  irish govt wo n't let it happen imo because of the loss of votes ( the granny vote , same reason it 's difficult to pass any abortion legislation ) and because i do n't think the usa would like it . 
  shite is the french thing true ? 
  actually what 's ours ? 
  and we have northern ireland and france not too far away either . 
  no idea but i think it was one of the things that the troika ( eu , imf and ecb ) wanted in our austerity program and we outright refused it , the instability alone would drive out some foreign companies . 
  yeah but there 's no chance we 'll change it . 
  we did n't change it during the austerity and we wo n't change it any time soon , no matter who wants us to . 
  they 'll bolt if there 's a change in the corporation tax rate , which no govt will want to change, 
  thanks pal . 
  merci, 
  talking out of your arse there pal . 
  shut up . 
  i 'm irish and i live in lyon , france, 
  well we 're `` neutral '' so we wo n't send the army in , but i 'd reckon there would be logistical support and then troops would get sent in for peace-keeping if the un do that . 
  nah i think in general the french public will know this is n't because of migrants or the usual reasons the fn give , they know it 's because of dickheads who refuse to acclimatise to western values, 
  ah i did n't know what vigipirate was even though i kept seeing it everywhere , thought it was a private security company . 
  interesting . 
  our uni ( in lyon ) today put on a small lunch buffet for us . 
  there was loads of wine . 
   file usage on commons  there are no pages that link to this file . 
  no it 's folk music until a certain point then after it 's pop . 
  but in english ? 
  or rt has the same content in russian too i presume ? 
  je serais heureux mais le nouvelle-zealand sont encore en tournoi :( i 'd be happy but this means nz are still in the tournament :(, 
  yeah it 's natural to gravitate to people who have the same culture and background as you . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/french_presidential_election,_2002 her father ran in 2002 and got destroyed in the 2nd round . 
  times have changed but i do n't think she would get in . 
  le pen will have difficulty winning , the french presidential election system is very very difficult to win as an outsider or an extreme candidate, 
  it could be better , but it was a system that resulted in us getting roads like the m50 fairly cheap . 
  how is he viewed in suomi on his position with russia ? 
   being irish to an american matters . 
  it means something , whether those living in ireland scoff at it or not . 
  yeah but an american is n't `` irish '' , they 're american . 
  the irish cream curdles in the guinness so you * have * to drink it very fast . 
  had it once or twice , was n't too bad but definitely not good for the stomach at all . 
  shot of whiskey & irish cream dropped into a half-pint of stout, 
  jesus that 's an awful shame . 
  i 'd be disgusted if in the future our history classes do n't go over the shit stuff the irish state has done , like giving the church free completely un-checked power over a lot of things . 
  is it not true that your education kind of focuses on the glories and skims over the shit parts ? 
  yeah got the impression he did n't know much about ireland anyway . 
  thanks, 
  what 's the large grey bar in 1974 and 1986 ? 
  irish people might be thick enough to support fianna f\u00e1il but we are n't thick enough to join the uk . 
  look at the state the kingdom left our country in . 
  the famine would 've been far less severe if the uk did n't export food from ireland or force people to ` take the soup ' , this was 160 years ago and people have n't forgotten . 
  even more recently , look at bloody sunday in derry/londonderry . 
  you can say there 's a `` dramatic surge '' towards unionism but you 're clearly ignoring the rise of sinn f\u00e9in in the republic , as well as the rise of pride in being irish following the 1916 centenary . 
  ireland is a far far far better country for being in the eu than being in the uk . 
  there 's no chance we 'd tell the eu to fuck off and go back to westminster doing what they please with us . 
  anyway , how is the eu crumbling ? 
  brexit scraped through ( on the back of a lot of dodgy rhetoric ) and even then there 's not much support elsewhere in the eu for leaving the union ( outside of greece and italy i presume ) . 
  plus , you seem to be ignoring the fact that ireland , being a member of the eu , will be given a vote on a hard border . 
  tldr : what / u/moneysanders said, 
  the only winners are people who like high income tax  ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ), 
  2 % most best rate, 
  number one tax haven dublin 12.5 % best rate 25 % poo rate, 
  nah man more like 19.15 - decided your definitely not going out and your new perspective of the world ( along with sobering up ) has gifted you a hangover free march 18th 19.22 - after an onslaught of messages from earlier group you agree to go out . 
  they sound like their drinking , you need energy and alcohol, 
  happens in ireland too on the islands , who vote a day early http://www.irishtimes.com/news/ireland/irish-news/images-of-the-day-islanders-vote-early-1.2548417, 
  i 'm very proud our army are a peace-keeping force . 
  ukip really should have more than one mp though , they got 12.7 % of votes . 
  fptp is far from perfect . 
  no , the good friday agreement contains provisions for a border poll , and also provisions for ni joining roi . 
   it should only be up to ni and roi to decide that it is , according to wiki  the agreement [ the good friday agreement ] reached was that northern ireland would remain part of the united kingdom until a majority both of the people of northern ireland and of the republic of ireland wished otherwise . 
  should that happen , then the british and irish governments are under `` a binding obligation '' to implement that choice . 
  yeah i noticed there was a few words that were similar to french but i just thought they came in via english . 
  irish is ( loosely ) related to portuguese wtf, 
  maybe he 's talking about lisbon i ? 
  idk, 
  ahhh i thought the river at the bottom was the liffey , and the top was the sea . 
  was racking my brain trying to figure out where it was, 
  whereabouts is this in modern day dublin ? 
  it 's 25 now, 
  man cycling in lyon is so nice . 
  i used to cycle home from place des terreaux to la doua most weekends and you could nearly go the entire way without interacting with a single car . 
  the cycle lanes on the rhone are so nice . 
  the operator is jcdecaux , who were founded in lyon so i think they might have some leeway to lose money to stop a competitor taking over in their hometown, 
  i use it to cycle across dublin to catch the last bus home usually . 
  thing is if that happens your card gets charged 150 quid so you 've some incentive to not do it on purpose, 
  between 0030-0500 it 's closed . 
  probably because a lot of people would be too drunk , and dublin is n't really a city suited for cycling drunk . 
  probably that . 
  40 euro for a vignette, 
  i presume in dublin it 's closed at night because we just get too drunk, 
  dublin : pretty satisfied , only problems are the 30 minute restriction and you ca n't take a bike out at night . 
  lyon : perfect system , 60 minutes per hire and you can take a bike 24/7 . 
  saved so much money cycling home after a night out, 
  `` i dream of a 32-county united ireland ^ ^ ^ ^ under ^ ^ ^ ^ the ^ ^ ^ ^ crown '', 
  i think you 'll find we make the best wine , thanks, 
  we 're gon na have it shite with this border situation , but imagine how shite gibraltar are gon na have it, 
  joint 2nd get that up ye, 
  the way i see it is that there is gon na be a hard uk/gb border somewhere . 
  whatever option is chosen wo n't be too friendly to the roi . 
  but we 're still in the eu and our economy relies on the uk . 
  seriously shite situation for us . 
  the commons blocked an amendment that would ensure the good friday agreement remained completely intact through brexit , so now we have the threat of a hard border in ireland again . 
  it 's the same architect , he 's designed a few bridges like that , that 's his `` style '' .
