hell , looks like boston, 
   wait a second , what happened in puerto rico ? 
  and you just proved his point , 
  shhh !, 
  dude you ca n't talk about that , jesus ... 
  what do you expect , he 's an academic , a very smart one , but an academic . 
  you say that like its a bad thing - it just makes it more exciting . 
  / s also , people [ can get brain damage from football too ] ( http://www.nytimes.com/2014/02/27/sports/soccer/researchers-find-brain-trauma-disease-in-a-soccer-player.html?_r=0 ) , just quite a bit less common . 
  i mean , maybe not in the same way a contract signed between you an hsbc for a credit card , but there should n't be any expectation of the one side holding up their end of the bargain if the other decides to go back on theirs after an agreement is already reached . 
  in international law , a country 's word is only as good as its likelihood to stick to previously signed agreements . 
  correct me if i 'm wrong , but greece is ** re ** - negotiating a previously agreed upon bail out package , the eu does n't have to re-negotiate a previously agreed upon deal that is already done . 
  btw , that previously agreed upon bailout saw greece getting a 50 % haircut on its private loans , a debt reduction of about 100 billion euros . 
  not sure how many more of those we 're going to see ... 
  what if the past six years were used to plan containment in the event of a greek default ? 
  not necessarily saying this is the case , but it would make sense . 
  well . 
  russia has been wanting to test all their new military kit . 
  yeah , i mean , never really too hot or too cold , has its merits, 
  well , they just felt bad that ireland 's the only one of the group with awful weather , so they gave you a break . 
  says the finn ... 
  wow , i did n't fully realize how moderate turkey and lebanon were in the muslim world until i saw this chart . 
  ahh , the good stuff . 
  i was about to say , if it were just limited to poland and romania it would go against schengen, 
  i dunno , genocide seems a bit more racist . 
  but the soviet ( now russian ) anthem is really catchy though ... 
  not sure wth you 're talking about , how about you look at cuba or iran ( i 'll give you the iran-contra affair ) . 
  god damn i love that norwegian optimism . 
  things taper off pretty quickly after number 4 . 
  ^ ^ ^ just ^ ^ ^ kidding, 
  more or less . 
  what can i say , we make a good boogie man . 
  hey , do n't talk shit about * baby deutsch * . 
  ^ ^ ^ just ^ ^ ^ kidding ^ ^ ^ the ^ ^ ^ dutch ^ ^ ^ are ^ ^ ^ awesome . 
   russia is greece 's main importer of greek agriculture products . 
  you want greece in the middle of a great depression to stop all trade with their biggest trade partner ? 
  except all the eu states are accounted for separately in this ranking , if you account for them as one group instead of individual countries , eu takes the lead , not russia . 
  the commission 's just pissed they have to wait extra time to watch the new episodes of sherlock and doctor who . 
  but ukrainian also uses cyrillic !!, 
  i 'm just kidding of course , from the information available , it seems highly likely that the flight was shot down by separatists using a buk missile supplied by russian actors sympathetic to the separatist cause , whether or not it was supplied with official support . 
  this case is made very well by not just the evidence in this video , but also the spiegel expose , and also the fact that the separatists originally celebrated bringing down what they thought was a ukrainian transport plane before realizing it was mh17 . 
  on the other side , there is generally only speculation , twisting facts , and little hard evidence , e.g. 
  it was ukrainian mig-25 which does n't have the capability to perform such an attack . 
  i could however , see the argument that ukraine was shadowing its planes behind civilian flights , and maybe that the buk was stolen from the ukrainian military ( if evidence is provided ) . 
  but where 's [ the evidence ] ( https://youtu.be/olqnptxsnto ) ?? 
  i figured that already , it just seemed weird how he phrased it as being founded upon that . 
  google really needs to re-vamp their google translate , type one phrase in english , automatically get it in the 229 other languages !, 
  ready to post on reddit . 
  but question : since when did the eu have that many countries , languages , or even people ? 
  just a theory , being southerner ( us ) myself , that the more educated a person is , the more they moderate any strong accent they have . 
  that , of course , is n't to say that people with strong accents are uneducated , just that those who are uneducated will often retain their stronger accents , especially if there is a pre-existing stigma against that accent . 
   yeah , we all should just emigrate to usa in 1939 . 
  would make the world much better . 
  chicago would certainly be a hell of a lot bigger now . 
  the reporting on costs and disadvantages to `` independence '' seems eerily reminiscent of the no campaign in scotland , which i do n't mean as a knock on the credibility of the reporting at all , just an interesting observation . 
  i 'd imagine we 'll see a hell of a lot more of it as the uk approaches any referendum on independence from the eu . 
   russian skinhead who once decapitated a puppy as a publicity stunt ok , fuck these cunts and anyone who associates with them . 
  til do n't fuck with eesti, 
  i expected more from the austrians ... 
  in austria ? 
  i dunno , its a pretty nice country , i studied abroad there for a few months in college . 
  it was n't the tea that did it , it was the revolution that followed . 
  so unless you believe they should go ahead and fight a long , bloody revolution for the ecb to not be in a new building , i do n't see your point nor why you are defending violent protests . 
  on the flip side , look at the protests of mlk against segregation . 
  virtually non-violent and was instrumental in bringing down the jim crow infrastructure of segregation in the south . 
  he was able to win mainstream public support because it was hard to villainize peaceful protesters getting attacked by the police and not fighting back . 
  i 'm not making any point , just deciphering what was said earlier and why people view the picture as funny . 
  obviously , mcdonalds does n't control taxation or governance . 
  mcdonalds is seen as a typically `` evil '' corporation due to how poorly they treat their employees and how they supplant local businesses . 
  therefore this picture depicts a sell-out protester who essentially `` votes '' for the big evil corporation by eating there instead of a local mom and pop restaurant which would help the community instead of having that money funneled to the cayman islands or some shit . 
  again , not my argument , i 'm just deciphering the message behind the picture and why its supposed to be funny/goofy . 
  so since being peaceful did n't change anything , destroying stuff will ? 
  has that ever worked ? 
  all it accomplishes is it makes it easier for the cops to paint the entire movement as delinquents and cunts ; this is why agent provocateurs are used , once a protest gets violent , the mainstream opinion is to shut the shit down , not to listen to the protesters . 
  what do you even mean ? 
  who took away their right to protest without burning shit ? 
  oh stop being a drama queen . 
  i have nothing against protesters , just rioters burning shit . 
  so kindly fuck right on off on the high horse you rode in on . 
  i second you on this , also american , born , raised , and residing . 
  by purchasing food at mom and pop stores , not at big chains like mcdonald 's . 
  stop resisting !, 
  well that 's kind of douchy . 
  / r/europe is a little classier i guess , haha, 
  usually a solid plan, 
  call your motha / u/malzair !, 
  she 's worried sick, 
  checkmate darwinists . 
  on a serious note , fuck these people . 
  with a scythe attached, 
  thank you god !, 
  going to europe for the summer , this should save me a lot of money . 
  shhhhh ... people are already putting away their torches and pitch forks . 
  well damn . 
  we 're fine with just your freedom , you can keep your metric system . 
  we need someone to consult on what grams are anyway . 
  damn it sweden . 
  lol, 
  its not the us 's fault the eu wanted to engage in the eastern partnership in the post-soviet space , completely dismissing russia 's concerns about an eu sphere of influence ; stating it was stuck in a cold war mindset . 
  its not the us 's fault the eu refused to negotiate a deal with russia in ukraine to find a middle ground between eastern partnership and russia 's integration projects , with catherine ashton and borroso instead stating closer integration with the eu is incompatible with joining other integration projects ( e.g. 
  russia 's customs union , eurasian union ) .
