or you could not erode network security by bypassing it and just buy a tablet with 3g/4g connectivity or use a smartphone . 
  network security is done for a very good reason and it involves far more then just blacklisting sites . 
  a good way to get fired for bypassing network security protocols and putting the entire network at risk . 
  subs are built to avoid detection . 
  they can also move . 
  lol , he just says whatever shit riles up people the most against countries he wants to attack . 
  wests hot word is `` terrorists '' and russias hot word is `` nazies '' . 
  same shit . 
  there 's really no need to try to reasonably argue with this . 
   if they 're dressed head to toe in black , with only their eyes showing and are constantly walking on their tip-toes then they 're infiltrators . 
  dress code , their only weakness . 
  my jimmies are greatly rustled . 
  well yeah , you need to have a major lack of intelligence to believe that crap in the first place so it kinda makes sense . 
  because everything in war goes exactly as planned ? 
   r\u00f5ivas said the presence of allies is the most important security achievement of the first 100 days of the government yeah right , like his government had much to do with this . 
  to see in the dark ... 
  besides vodka ? 
  yeah , out of how many hundreds of instantly forgettable songs ? 
  yes , let 's just ignore all the issues with ukraine and pretend russia is on a conquering spree to dominate the world . 
  please calm your panties . 
  nevermind putin , esti wants into nordic , many times . 
  joke 's on you , estonia does n't have tesco !, 
   and that 's why democracies rarely go to war yeah , you might want to revise that sentence , considering usa . 
  and this makes them good and trustworthy how exactly ? 
  they are just paying back the loans they took . 
  actually , [ our economic affairs minister juhan parts said that some in lithuanian government are fools ] ( http://blogs.wsj.com/brussels/2014/01/17/lithuanian-idiots-risk-delaying-rail-baltic-says-estonian-minister/ ) , creating a mild fuss over it . 
  so we have that going for us . 
  firstly this is not the subject of this thread and secondly , now you 're just making shit up , mr white knight . 
  i see your point and agree that small blunders can hint to underlying problems elsewhere . 
  what i 'm arguing though is the fact that a tastefully and professionally made high quality photos of naked females in something as trivial as a calendar can ( or should ) be considered as a mistake in the first place . 
  i argue that a naked human body , that is being presented as a thing of beauty is not something to be ashamed of or offended about . 
  so the fact that i like seeing young beautiful women naked in a professionally made calendar suddenly makes me an unprofessional mindless drone ? 
  maybe , just maybe , not everyone are so uptight and get offended by naked bodies . 
  i think if anybody gets offended by this , then it shows more about their own insecurities . 
  ninja edit : also , nobody who considers themselves as a professional , would pay much attention to this when doing business . 
  natural selection . 
  or use google maps for easier navigation !, 
  you might be right , but unfortunately i have no answers for you . 
  enjoy your all new higher prices for almost everything . 
  how does high speed internet decrease poverty and inequality ? 
   failure to install fiber internet everywhere this creates poverty and inequality ? 
  vodka always finds a way , like a river through a canyon . 
   sergey andreev on friday described the soviet 's 1939 invasion of poland as an act of self-defense , not aggression . 
  `` we invaded you in self defense !, 
  we were totally not aggressive . '', 
  - russian official what a joke . 
  i was being sarcastic , as in u.s also has social problem with integrating certain groups to it 's society , recent events include ferguson . 
  are you telling me that you do n't have a problem with immigrants ? 
  are mexicans no longer an issue ? 
  have you somehow abolished black neighborhoods ? 
  how about you get your head out of your ass for once and admit that  we take immigrants with education and skills and whatnot . 
  is about 80 % bullshit . 
  or have you gotten used to the smell already ? 
  and you still have n't said how treating a large group of immigrants as a social problem qualifies as xenophobic . 
  what 's xenophobic about it ? 
  edit : do you even know what the word xenophobia means ? 
  oh yeah because u.s does n't have aaaaaaaany social problems at all . 
  what 's wrong with vice ? 
  drunk together ? 
  drunk to each other ? 
  drunk forever !, 
  how convenient of you to not mention the chechen wars . 
  nawww , that almost sounded like a compliment , so close . 
  you will love us eventually for our palm tree beaches !, 
   shut it and put the violon back in his closet . 
  no we 'll hand it to you next time lil ' putin starts whining about how everyone 's out to get russia lol . 
  seriously go see a doctor , you have some sort of a development disorder or maybe alzheimers . 
  yep and next time we do something russia does n't like it will just shut it all down anyway . 
  can what , act badly ? 
   are you deluaionnal enough to think that bias doesnt exist ? 
  a government mouthpiece is n't bias , it 's a propaganda channel . 
  a bias is a preference which assumes a choice . 
  you do n't have a choice . 
   its funny its always eastern european people that want to start fight oh yeah sure , russia comes here , commits atrocities , tries to punish us for not licking it 's boot and suddenly we are the ones picking fights . 
   as you dare to know my country go crawl under a rock . 
  no we just want you to not be a manipulative asshole all the time , is that too much to ask for ? 
   the entire conversation was to know if it was own by the governement wich is not . 
  no , the entire conversation started with how funny this russian government lie is . 
  who cares what shitty kremlin mouthpiece echoed it to the public . 
   http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/europe/4315129.stm hahaha idiot . 
  so let 's look at what your link says , shall we ? 
  [ ... ] russia 's best-selling daily newspaper . 
  [ ... ] it has built its reputation on a gentle nostalgia for the soviet period , firm backing for kremlin policy and a keen interest in celebrity news, 
  damn right !, 
  four basic pillars of democracy : 1 . 
  a political system for choosing and replacing the government through free and fair elections . 
  the active participation of the people , as citizens , in politics and civic life . 
  protection of the human rights of all citizens . 
  a rule of law , in which the laws and procedures apply equally to all citizens none of these are strong points for russia . 
  russias democracy is a farce . 
  edit : [ amnesty internationals 2014 report on russia ] ( https://www.amnesty.org/en/countries/europe-and-central-asia/russian-federation/report-russian-federation/ ), 
   that can mean anything from `` great pizza '' well i do n't personally think that 's what they are saying the video , but if you say so lol . 
  but all jokes aside , it 's one thing to to quietly say it after a meal or do it in a mosque and another to loudly chant it on the streets all angry like . 
  with the latter no matter what the cultural context is , the message it gives off is rather clear . 
   everyone else must be deported . 
  starting with the ones that form mobs and chant `` allahu akbar '' . 
  well of course the opposing team did n't want to risk their lives for a hockey game . 
  you could make a sweet trailer for a new red alert game from this footage . 
   it is not possible to equate nazism and stalinism . 
  because the nazis directly , openly , publicly announced one of the goals of its policies destruction of entire ethnic groups so the difference is that one announced that they wanted to do atrocities and the other one just tried to do them quietly ?
