  it 's like sauerkraut . 
  you love it or you think it 's the most disgusting thing in the world . 
  hey , we have stamppot , and more stamppot , just find any vegetable and we 'll crush it with potatoes and call it a dish . 
  that 's because of the prison system is focused on reform , but they are still in prison . 
  your argument does n't make sense : `` sending people to prison is bad because norway has a low return-rate of prisoners . '', 
  it only proves that their reform program in their prisons work , not that prison itself is a bad concept . 
  but it does work for countries like the netherlands . 
  yeah , did you see the reaction of the us viewers last time ? 
  their ` merican exceptionalism-boner is too big to `` just have light-hearted fun '' . 
  the eu says that negative press about the eu is n't true at all . 
  slow news day ? 
  as a dutchman , i properly identify with being a gay euro piggy bank . 
  can you blame him ? 
  to different countries with no middle class caused by the same problem ? 
  i heard the same things from dutch politicians , so it 's not the opinion of just france . 
   `` the only thing that 's really important is : do n't make the united kingdom an argument for populists to leave the eu . 
  - kees verhoeven , d66 apparently the most important things to these politicians is to keep the idea of the european dogma alive , and everyone outside of the union shall suffer for it . 
  they feel so validated that they are `` right '' that they want to punish people who think differently . 
  i would never consider nexit-ing or something alike , but they really need to step off their high horses . 
  but because iq is by definition normally distributed , it is actually the mean ( and also the mode ) right ? 
  modern architecture could be beautiful ( see some buildings in qatar or the examples in this thread ) . 
  `` modern '' does n't mean it has to look like a toddler imitating pollock . 
  it does n't have to be weird or looking like it screams for attention . 
  look at that orange building , it looks like puke . 
  that flag could be the cover of a metal album . 
   rome was doomed to fall , the moment the romans grew out of italy . 
  this happened over the span of centuries . 
  it was simply too big . 
  but why are `` populists '' ridiculed for trying to reduce the influence from the european union then ? 
  so , not a lot ? 
   but saying `` fuck diversity targets '' seems too easy when you 're part of the group that 's already being represented . 
  but you assume i feel represented by person x just because he has a penis and the same skin colour as mine . 
  that 's kinda racist and sexist . 
  as someone far away from amsterdam , i would feel `` more represented '' by a black woman from my own province than from a white dude that lived his whole life in the capital . 
  he should run for president of the usa . 
   why would they still try and agree to it ? 
  because lobbyists . 
  ah , the good ol' ` treaty of lisbon ' strategy . 
  never fails . 
   the vitriol , spread of misinformation , and overt flirtation with authoritarianism among the alt-right/ukip/fn / afd is incredibly disconcerting it 's the left-wing 's own fault . 
  they deliberately swept the issues under the rug for 20 years and every time someone mentioned issues related to immigration and integration that person got demonised that even lead to the assassination of an `` alt-right '' political figure . 
  now all those right-wing figures come out of the woodwork because isis , turkey and all those youtube-videos on the internet finally proved them right . 
  i honestly ca n't blame the public for trusting them . 
  this all could 've been prevented if we acknowledged the issues a decade ago and worked on a reasonable solution . 
  well , if it makes you feel better ; i was also confused . 
  why do we even give people welfare ? 
  most people are idiots who are n't even able to get a job !, 
   they can go around talking about `` dignity '' and `` rights '' while someone in a hospital dies . 
  i did n't realize every single life was my responsibility now . 
  nope they do n't , we actually got the worst deal probably , with less voting power than romania , poland and spain . 
  but beside that it 's still ridiculous to even think about kicking out a founding member that has been part of the eu long before it was even a thing . 
  we have been working on intra-european co-operation for more than 60 years . 
   germany arrests three syrian men ` on is mission ' ~ ~ nicely editorialized . ~ ~ edit : it is probably changed in the last 20 minutes , the sidebar still shows op 's title . 
  you forget an important detail . 
  britain first did n't want cox killed . 
  * terrorist wants to kill western infidels * isis wants to kill western infidels * terrorist supports the ideas of isis * isis supports and claims the actions of the terrorist . 
  does it really matter if they got a personal letter from the isis hr departement about their membership ? 
  you could also look at it from the other side . 
  turkey has a hidden rape problem if what you tell is true , swedish `` rape problem '' is out in the open for everyone to see , so it would be easier to find solutions to that problem . 
  instead the police threw it under the rug because it `` could play in the hands of those racists '', 
   you can state that , but it does n't make it true he does n't have to , you randomly claimed that it 's only 1 % without any evidence of it being true . 
  he at least had a statistical base for his claims . 
  [ according to the dutch public prosecutor it 's more like 10 \u2030 ] ( https://www.om.nl/onderwerpen/verkeer/handhaving-verkeer/alcohol-drugs/omrekentabel-mug/ ) . 
  i had to extrapolate though . . 
  he practically asked for it . 
   one incident with a diplomat and now you want to take all their families away . . its not `` one incident '' , diplomats in the netherlands for example completely ignored parking rules because they are immune , when a reporter asked them about it , he got assaulted . 
   though you do n't need christianity to know that murder is bad that 's exactly the problem in your argument . 
  we know that murder is bad , because we used that mantra for more than 2000 years . 
  because tell me , what else would be a reason to not murder someone for my own gain ? 
   being ashamed of nudity is a very christian thing that 's just being deliberately obtuse . 
  because some things have a christian origin , does n't it mean that it still has . 
  there is a difference between christian things , and stuff we adopted because we have a society built on christian values . 
  laws against murder and theft probably also have a christian origin , should we abolish those laws too ? 
   what the fuck is happening in the eu ? 
  i thought the power of corporations was not as big as in america , but this seems to be changing . 
  you mean concentrating all power into a single entity was a bad idea that is susceptible to `` lobbying '' ? 
  who would 've thought . 
  and they 'll probably get away with it too . 
  but that 's obviously a wrong interpretation . 
  they took it out of context !, 
  you obviously never visited charleroi . 
  do n't be so harsh . 
  you obviously ca n't see his excessive hand gestures , that 's like half of the italian magic . 
  most of the people helping in syria are members of help-organisations and have proper documentation for entry . 
  you 'll probably get on the list if you fly to a warzone on your own accord at the very least . 
   participate in non-is activism fighting against is is basically forming a militia and that 's also heavily frowned upon and definitely should n't be encouraged . 
  i did , but that was after i heard about it from my friend . 
  however , i did sent it to her and she confirmed it was quite accurate . 
  i heard from people who studied in helsinki that the boat from finland to estonia is `` quite an experience '' . 
  that 's basically the only thing i know about your country though , you have exciting boat trips . 
   she might throw a tantrum to show her voters she can butt heads with x and is a strong leader but did n't she accept money from x in a ( shady ) deal recently ? 
  practically the whole clinton campaign . 
  again , eu still has no spine . 
  `` our current situation is shit , but further integration will surely fix it ! '', 
  - usoe lobbyists , 1993-2016, 
  have you ever played civ ? 
  that dude nuked towns with no regard for human life . 
   we have to get rid of the pull factors merkel2016 : make our country shit again, 
  sure , but i honestly do n't care if people are officially contacted by isis or not . 
  the real problem is that these people feel such a bond with a terrorist organisation that they even want to give their lives for their ( common ) goals .
