  the country invested billions in catalonia . 
  some palms are suprisingly resistant to cold . 
  source : my mom has a palm tree that survived dutch winters . 
   `` both sides are extremists , so i 'm just making a comparison between them . '', 
  fuck me , he actually meant it . 
  they came from safe countries just to cash . 
  it was like 2k and travel costs from eastern-europe are negligible . 
  [ dutch source . 
  it is n't relevant if you think they are wrong . 
  merkel could just close borders : europe would be mad of course and it 's a stupid idea , but she could still do that if she wanted . 
  attacking merkel for a lack of border control . 
  well , we had two manifestations against trump last week . 
  the left defends that by `` standing up for injustice in the world '' . 
  why ca n't the right do the same ? 
  does n't matter if you agree with that sentiment or not . 
  most traffic accidents are , like the name says , accidents . 
  shootings are intentional . 
  your comparison does n't make any sense . 
  they will still deny it . 
  do n't worry, 
  is he ? 
  any proof of that ? 
  only 35 % of the refugees from the 90 's have a full time job . 
  also the criminal rate is three times higher than average . 
  exactly , good business . 
  i do n't give a shit if a commercial company spends a million on art , they could fund a ice rink in marrakech for all i care , but this is about government spending and tax money . 
   the far right has literally been complaining about development ad for decades and claim that we should end it . 
  some development aid is ridiculous though , why do we give a million to support creating art in morocco ? 
  nah , your stupidity just stands out in this thread . 
  lol , you have seriously no single counterpoint , do you ? 
  calls people mindless drones , but is a european posting in enoughtrumpspam, 
  europe 's own emperor palpatine is calling trump a danger to democracy . 
  brilliant . 
   all with unedited skin color [ it 's a very unlucky coincidence then . 
  america has free razors ? 
  we failed as a socialist union . 
   http://www.friatider.se/gruppvaldtakt-sandes-live-pa-facebook-tre-gripna http://i.imgur.com/ftx7kgz.png?1 the whitepixeling is real . 
  not every source on that wiki is allowed on this subreddit . 
  yeah , because it were only syrians that came to europe . 
  i know another one !, 
  the media 's attention to russian hacks and the red scare that initiated the cold war . 
  weirdly enough everyone seem to forget that one . 
  i never said anything remotely close to that . 
  and the election of the new president is another case of the complete lack of understanding of the current politicians , it 's like they 're creating a divide on purpose . 
  it 's the democrats in the us elections all over again . 
  `` hmm , why are these people angry about the establishment ? 
  let 's elect the most typical political 1 % ` er as dem candidate possible and cry populism if they do n't pick us . '', 
  to be fair , i see nobody defending this moron in this thread . 
  maybe , just maybe , both sides have people with ridiculous ideas . 
  the problem with that is that party x in europe has different ideals than party x in my country . 
  take d66 for example ; they are one of the most progressive parties in the netherlands , but the d66-fraction is united in a european fraction ( alde ) and that fraction voted for a homophobe as the new president . 
   , all he can do is make europe a better place by improving the economy and relations between countries . 
  yes , fuck the environment and gay people : it 's about making money !, 
  well yes , because the people who vote pro-eu right-wing are a ) not on this subreddit and b ) are probably very happy with the results . 
  okay , 2 times then . 
  iirc the highest tax is 48 % . 
  worst ? 
  you mean best . 
  that implies that jihadists deserve a second chance though . 
   moderator of gamerghazi lol, 
  if you centralise europe , you make it easier for multinationals to influence people in power . 
  if europe was n't as centralised as it now is , every country around germany could take action against vw if germany dropped the ball . 
  and this is the prime example why european federalisation is a bad idea . 
   and being anti gay in the netherlands does n't get you lots of votes . 
  well , it consistently gets you 3 seats . 
   there is a lot of anti-gay sentiment among the christian groups that vote right . 
  but there are a lot who are find with it too . 
  there is also a lot of anti-gay and anti-jew sentiment among the muslim groups that vote left , but we never associate the political left with antisemitism . 
  it 's a weird double standard . 
   in the tweede kamer voted 109 members in favour of the change : pvda ( except apostolou ) , vvd , d66 , groenlinks , sp and verburg , dankers and wijn ( cda ) . 
  33 members voted against : cda ( outside of the three named before ) , rpf , sgp and gpv . 
  [ ( source ) ] ( https://nl.wikipedia.org/wiki/homohuwelijk_in_nederland ) do you have a source for that ? 
  it 's ironic because the left was historically the one kicking against religion . 
  there is a reason most christian parties are right-wingish . 
  you were considered an enlightened progressive if you stood up against the christian values , now you are a regressive racist if you 're critical about the islam . 
  in the netherlands it was an equal left/right coalition who legalised gay marriage . . 
  i do , i like my gender separated bathrooms . 
  i do n't care how you identify , just pick a bathroom and be done with it . 
  because that is how people thought about women for thousands of years . 
  `` how is it misogynistic if my father and grandfather and their grandfathers did the same ? '', 
  how is it good for efficiency ? 
  how do you see urinals working in a bathroom shared with women ? 
  women surely love the idea of strange men having their dicks out in the same room . 
   non important rightwing stuff . 
  like what ? 
  you mean the constant triggering of the left when pot is mentioned , or when the right-wing wants to act against squatting ? 
  at the moment we have 3 toilets : men , women and a special toilet for physically challenged people . 
  the picture shows that the toilets for these groups are being combined . 
  it would n't be a problem if the usage of toilets is normalised , but we all know that it is n't . 
  handicapped people need more time and men are considerably faster than women due to urinals . 
  however , the people who need that extra support are in a huge minority , so wait times are a non-factor most of the time for these toilets , so that means there is only need for one single toilet to support disabilities for both sexes . 
  but if you make all toilets unisex/disabled ( as the picture shows ) you normalise the visitors , meaning that every toilet get an equal share of users ( and also means every toilet has to support handicapped people , that 's kind of expensive ) and that will negatively impact the wait times for disabled people , because people without handicaps are taking their bathroom . 
  also , how much time do you think is spend choosing their toilets ? 
  there is only 1 % that feels closer to the other gender , and only 0.6 % wants to actually change gender , and we do n't even know if all of these people actually have a problem with picking bathrooms . 
  and i have n't even mentioned the fact that there are groups of people without gender dysphoria who like their separated toilets , most likely a much much bigger group than the group with problems , and the spillage of drinkwater by losing urinals . 
  good job guys . 
  we now are now letting everyone , even disabled people who need every support they can get , wait because there are a handful of people that have problems deciding in what room they want to pee . 
  hope you are proud of yourselves . 
  yeah , because the rules always work . 
  dublin regulations are always followed , and all immigrants from safe countries got deported in a couple of months .
