  that 's how loans sadly work : a bank takes a risk by lending you money , and that risk is compensated by paying interest . 
  greece is not in a good place right now , so why would anybody lent them money ? 
  you may never see a euro back of it and in the best case scenario : you `` break even '' and you basically lost money because you could 've invested that money in something worthwhile . 
   simplest solution would be to put the interest at 0 % and bring the money into a special fund that stimulates the greek economy . 
  there is probably nothing economically riskier in europe than giving a loan to greece . . let alone giving one with 0 % interest . 
  nobody in their right mind would give an interest-free loan to greece , that 's political suicide . 
  they are n't killed in france , they are killed in iraq before they are returning . 
  read the article . 
  nobody is going to dutch disneyland to see their parking lot . 
  in the netherlands we just released a jihadi after a year ( he had a three year sentence ) and he got house and schooling from the state . . so it 's not a ridiculous to assume that they are going to be released . 
  it 's not a death penalty . 
  they died in combat . 
  it 's not confirmed to be a islamist attack . 
  because they want representation ? 
  why would a german dude want to vote for an african female , disregarding political leanings ? 
  shame yugoslavia ceased to exist . 
  nationalism is bad , embrace nationalism !, 
  yeah , there is absolutely no area between oppressing rights or actively pushing an agenda . 
  for a guy arguing in favour of lgbt-rights , you think awfully binary . 
  maybe , just maybe , they should 've just done their job in the first place . 
  til [ the german finance minister ] ( http://www.independent.co.uk/news/world/europe/closing-eu-borders-immigration-will-lead-to-incest-german-finance-minister-warns-a7077696.html ) is a nazi . 
  nah , but in true federalist fashion everyone and their mum should join their glorious union . 
  crazy-ass federalists . 
  i would argue exactly the opposite . 
  the greatest advancements came in times of ( often sadly extreme ) nationalism , and i certainly do n't see us all being cultureless grey blobs as progress . 
  is n't that true for every single politician ? 
  national pride is n't a bad thing . 
  `` at least we 're better than the us '' setting the bar pretty low , are we ? 
   ( ironically because some nationalists are opposed to an eu military ) yeah , we surely need to hand over all autonomy to the union to keep some rubber boats out . 
  we can do everything already with our current international coalitions , the only reason federalists wants a eu army , is that nobody in their right mind will trigger article 50 anymore when their army is centralized in brussels . 
   london police said the number of reported attacks with corrosive liquids rose from 261 in 2015 to 454 in 2016 . 
  ( ... )  `` i do n't want people to think that this is happening all over london all of the time - it 's really not , but we are concerned because the numbers appear to be going up , '' dick told the lbc radio station in an interview . 
  not all time the time , just a daily occurence . 
  of course i detest their way of thinking , but ( sadly , and luckily ) having certain beliefs is n't punishable by law . 
   there is no single normal person there and still they managed to behave better than the morally superior left-wing in hamburg . 
   if a court finds you guilty of that , you need to be put into a fucking prison , instead of being `` sent home '' . 
  why not both ? 
  the official eu-anthem ( at least at the moment ) does n't have any text . 
  this garbage fire was proposed by an austrian professor . 
  sometimes the version with [ german lyrics ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jo_-kobibg0 ) is used . 
  i dunno , he probably makes a fortune running an airbnb . 
  we should just completely abolish the law then , nobody likes being prosecuted anyway . 
  maybe they will retaliate !, 
  and how do we solve that issue of conflicting values ? 
  we just do n't move to those countries , because nobody expects them to change their whole culture just because some europeans want to live in their society . 
  why do we have to accomodate their values when they move here then ? 
  if the far-right ever did the right thing or not , that is n't really relevant to this discussion and still : even a broken clock is right twice a day . 
  we always claim to be the moral compass of the world , but if our pro-eu parties disregarded important issues out of pettiness , only because of a child-like fear of putin 's told-you-so 's ? 
  that is far scarier in my opinion . 
  i did n't see anyone mentioning the far-right . . 
  so , what 's the point exactly ? 
  you should n't do the right thing , because a bad person wants you to do said right thing ? 
  hey , that sounds exactly like western politics !, 
  only the most expensive insurance ( vollkasko ) insures vandalism against cars fully iirc . 
  ( at least in the netherlands ), 
  because its the extreme left , not the extreme right . 
  it 's the huffington post , why did you expect an unbiased read ? 
   we can tell every boat migrant to go back and apply over there . 
  maybe in theory , but we all know that wo n't happen . 
  congratulations georgia , in this poll there is no difference between the country and state of georgia . 
  what do you mean ? 
   where the traffic is much slower . 
  i do n't think they care about speed limits . 
  every car can go from 0 to 50 , and there is little traffic on the sidewalk . 
  ah , then it 's okay . 
  everything is fine . 
  keep walking everyone . 
  or something holy . 
   basically ukraine is too poor and/or corrupt to sign the treaty to help it get less poor and corrupt yeah , we tried that with bulgaria , see how that turned out . 
  ah , left-wing federalists . 
  we already have those in the netherlands . 
   the uk did n't like it but i do n't think france will kick up a fuss long term . 
  30 years in i can see it happening . 
  lol , france is petty enough to demand the move of the whole parlement every month . 
  they will kick up a fuss . 
  [ our tromp is way more awesome . 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/maarten_tromp ), 
  agree . 
  but also no `` open all borders , let migrants stay here illegally , start a mediterranean ferry business , burn down our welfare state . '', 
  this is called brigading . 
  corbyn does n't need a lot of campaigning against him , just ask him about the ira , he 'll do the smearing himself . 
   many conservative writers have used the grief following the attack to fuel their fight against progressive thought -- even if they have few solutions themselves  burst your bubble is a weekly guide to conservative articles worth reading to expand your thinking jesus christ , `` expand your thinking , but let me tell you why the conservative writers are wrong '' . 
  rather direct it to your made-up strawman . 
   the eu is not a nation but a supranational organization , so it 's not nationalist in its own right ( yet anyways ) . 
  that 's like saying [ basque nationalism ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/basque_nationalism ) does n't exist because it 's officially not a nation . 
   i think a problem is that britain is seen as wanting the best of two worlds : keeping access to the free market while avoind free transportation and european regulations . 
  nah , the eu was pissed the moment the leave-camp won , without any demands on the table . 
   some were in fact . 
  because `` some '' were , everyone else 's voted is invalid ? 
   however the vast majority were just anti-eu people who used the referendum solely for their anti-eu agenda and even openly admitted it . 
  bullshit , the biggest part of these voters voted against because ukraine is a corrupt shithole . 
   allowing death penalty for one type of crime is a slippery slope to allowing it for different kinds of crime . 
  this does n't happen with life-sentences either , why would it happen with the death penalty ? 
  do n't think too much about it , you do n't want to be a fascist , do you ? 
  you do n't say . 
   yes but when you house them in europe the money you spend stays here and eventually goes back to your pocket at some point in the future . 
  in the best case scenario it goes back to my grandkids ' pocket . 
  no way we are going to see a dime from this . 
  hahah let 's ridicule these people using homosexual innuendoes . 
  that will show them how tolerant we are .
