  that people will change their political beliefes because of a lecture at uni ? 
  of course . 
  why would n't that work ? 
  or do you think people are born right or left-wing ? 
  saying we 're at war with islamic extremists is far-right rhetoric and `` stirring hate '' now ? 
  you know what actually creates hate ? 
  stabbing people . 
  but better call it `` international-inspired terrorism '' and start virtue signalling about potential far right retalliation instead of facing the problem head-on . 
  yeah , perpetrator has been shot . 
  thanks, 
   you are a facist !, 
   that 's a substantiated claim  lol triggered it 's like arguing with a four year old . 
   why would you say that ? 
  why do you think further integration , for example , the strengthening of forex , would lead to the eu to fail ? 
  this is exactly the type of thing we need to work together on more closely . 
  it 's exactly the passive stance , leaving it up to nations to deal with it , that caused this migration crisis to become impossible to control . 
  because people did n't vote for a nexit , but they did vote eu-critical . 
  further integration will only create more friction . 
   you 're against the eu in general , i 'm not . 
   , i know you from r/tnl , why would your opinion , that is already heavily biased against the eu , matter in this at all ? 
  i 'm not biased against the eu , i think the current eu needs massive reforms , and my opinion matters as much as yours . 
  kind of arrogant to think otherwise . 
   we already know that about 15 % of the dutch population voted for suicide/nexit , and you were one of them i was n't . 
   and so you hate the eu , again , i do not hate the eu . 
   and so you hate further eu integration . 
  that 's correct . 
   there is no actual data that suggests that working together on more topics , and with more effectiveness , would cause the trust in the eu to fail for the pro-eu voters ( the massive majority ) . 
  integration is n't the same as working together on more topics . 
  i 'm all for more co-operation , but i do n't like the idea of a federal europe , that you automatically assume i would vote for a nexit , shows the polarisation that the federalists like you love to create : `` if you do n't want an european federation , you 're basically geert wilders '' . 
  that 's a brilliant idea if you really want the eu to fail . 
  bas dost is great , but i 'm not sure if he works in a really small space when robben cuts inside . 
  basically i 'm afraid for the same issue ajax is dealing with at the moment . 
  we actually have a decent squad now . 
  the only weak part is our striker . 
  it 's diederik smit , a writer on zml . 
  he also does satire for the dutch soccer radio show ` nos langs de lijn '' . 
  [ 4.4 million . 
  i dunno if you can call it an irrational fear if you are 24/7 under protection . 
  well , it 's better than lusting over women who 's been dead for only a few hours . 
  because populism worked for the right-wing , so the left tries the same tactic . 
  doomsday politics are very succesful nowadays . 
  but if the shit is more stupid in other countries , it 's weird to hammer down on the less stupid shit . 
  because these people are non-white . 
  only whites can be racist . 
  yup , that is indeed horrible . 
  does n't mean we need more issues in the eu . 
  yay . . more countries that have a [ hard time respecting human rights ] ( https://www.hrw.org/world-report/2016/country-chapters/serbia/kosovo ) and add nothing to the eu . 
  but more countries is something to celebrate , apparently . 
  everyone is stunned of surprise . 
  basically pro : vvd , pvda , d66 , groenlinks . 
  con : everyone else . 
  they also predicted hillary would win the electoral vote . . with like 80 % certainty at some point . 
  i was just try to meme . 
  but it does ? 
  you can still divide the parties between left/progressives and right/conservatives . 
  this is the [ political landscape ] ( http://imgur.com/1eazfef ) for our current elections for example . 
  this looks bad , but in sweden the definition of `` left '' is very different to the rest of europe . 
  that was literally the counterargument against withdrawing their dutch nationality if they had multiple . 
  also the mayor of the hague said that we should n't detain jihadis but put them in a `` reintegration project '' and give them jobs and/or education , because harsh punishments will prevent jihadi 's from returning and make them hate the west even more . 
  [ ( dutch source ) ] ( https://www.trouw.nl/home/welkom-thuis-jihadist~a9801d13/ ), 
  but `` racism against muslims '' and `` their poor social position '' . 
  it 's not like populism is a strictly right thing . 
  remember that picture of that drowned refugee and the `` our system has failed them '' rhetoric ? 
  apparently , the russians can do it on a cold rainy night in stoke . 
  but the reality is that we ca n't prove the war crimes they commited , put them in jail for 3 years for joining a terrorist organisation , they are released after two years because reasons and these people will be heroes in their communities . 
  he published a 259-word vague electoral-program with statements like : `` no money to development aid , windmills , art , innovation , public broadcasters etc. 
  ( yes , the `` etc. '', 
  is literally there ) and people finally saw he does n't have any solutions . 
  he also had some negative attention when he tweeted a picture with the d66 party leader photoshopped in a pro-sharia demonstration . 
  now he cancelled two debates , one because they added another party to the debate , and a different one because the broadcaster interviewed his brother , who is very critical of him . 
  he is dropping rapidly at the moment ( 20 % since december ) and the difference with the liberal party ( vvd ) is around 1 % . 
   why not just give then like a flat $ 1500 per month until they can find a job ? 
  because that would crush the market , or it would be outright discrimination because `` normal '' unemployed would n't get the $ 1500 a month . 
  well , we should be happy that most populists are complete morons that wreck their own campaign . 
  wilders went this political season completely off-rails that even his die-hard fans start doubting him . 
  [ during merkels speech : merkel , who has been critical of a u.s. ban on travel from seven muslim-majority countries , underscored that islam itself was not the source of terrorism . 
  ] ( http://mobile.reuters.com/article/iduskbn15x06l ) ... 
   it 's almost like it 's possible to make advantageous deals with the african countries when you are in a superior economic position . 
  but you have to have balls to do that . 
  spain did this well , but our government for example is too afraid to upset people . 
  itt : armchair parents knowing how to raise kids . 
  nothing . 
  both should be condemned by the government . 
  if pegida left a trail of destruction through the streets , setting cars on fire with people in them , i better hope that merkel calls them scum . 
  `` i do n't want women in politics , but they could be a house cleaner if they want , so it 's not discrimination . '', 
  what are you even trying to say ? 
  so , did denmark stop all trade negotiations with iran ? 
  did they follow with diplomatic sanctions ? 
   have any of those opinions in any way been acted upon in the political arena ? 
  [ yes ] ( http://www.joop.nl/nieuws/pvda-kamerlid-kuzu-roept-moslims-op-pleegouder-te-worden ) a member of our parliament asked muslims to become a foster parent so islamic orphans do n't have to go to gay foster parents . 
   not really , at least not in the us . 
  that 's why we are at / r/europe . 
  you said that they are n't up in arms for full equality , but a million germans decided to march for women rights on the other side of the ocean . 
  but then a million people felt the need to join the women 's march against trump . . 
  but what about . . irrelevant . 
  `` subtle '' ? 
  this is their standard response to everything they dislike . 
  threatening with their bad hombres is tradition for every eu-morroco interaction . 
  that 's a ridiculous statement . 
  you ca n't just say bye and leave .
