  you 're very na\u00efve if you think this does n't lead to abuse . 
  the fact that only unemployed get this income , makes it a shit experiment . 
  [ not if you send vfl wolfsburg shirts to eu commissioners . 
  ] ( http://www.spiegel.de/international/business/volkswagen-how-officials-ignored-years-of-emissions-evidence-a-1108325.html ), 
  well , our well-loved european union did everything to hinder the investigation because they knew about it for a while , so we do n't have to expect much from them . 
  it 's a sad world that the most capitalist country has to intervene in our union to protect consumer rights . 
  probably those damn russians again !, 
  nah , soros and the euromaidan were first . 
  not excusing russians invasion of course , but ignoring that is just as biased as the russian pov . 
  edit : downvotes and no rebuttal , that 's how this subreddit apparently works . 
  but the first to start screaming about fake news of course . 
  so reasonable , blaming [ farage for aleppo ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5xrsgjbbr60&amp;t=89s ), 
  it 's kinda funny , but in dutch `` speecher '' is a word , even though we borrowed `` speech '' from the english language . 
  oh , i actually referred to [ ruud koopmans ' ] ( https://twitter.com/eenvandaag/status/817061454801047552 ) last interview , but your example works too . 
   than most of our proclaimed sociologists , except when they are negative about muslims , then the apologists will be up in arms and harass the journalist who wrote the piece . 
  my place of birth is probably one of the oldest villages in the netherlands . 
  why would 6900 years of history seize to exist because of the world wars ? 
  it 's not the first time regions changed lands . 
  wow , no flowers for you next year !, 
  this political party changed their opinion because of a changed view-point or different perspective . 
  i like that my party learns from their mistakes . 
  no , it 's the same if the rapist pretended to be a man . 
  most `` refugees '' are n't refugees at all . 
  the european union knew about it . . and also : he is the ceo and the one responsible for his company . 
  vw is apparently still thankful for singlehandedly conning the whole world with dieselgate . 
  well , you probably did n't get it because you 're armenian . 
  people can say they are a member of antifa and are getting upvotes , maybe the sub is n't far-left , but their ideology is tolerant to them at the very least . 
  no proof , but blaming russia for everything , and people who have their doubts are considered fascist friends of putin . 
  for people who claim they have an understanding of history and constantly refer to the 1930 's and call every critic a nazi , the left conveniently forgot about cold war propaganda . 
  i have a degree in chemistry , is that real stem enough ? 
  the funny thing is that right from the start we knew there was a huge gap between the northern countries and economically weaker countries like italy , spain , portugal and greece . 
  there was a huge gap between the northern and the southern european economies and connecting the two with a common coin was a disaster waiting to happen . 
  the north hates being net-payers and the south detests the unions constant meddling . 
  it 's a miracle that the eu/ecb was able to keep all these countries happy for 15 years . 
   i bet if he had a stem degree he would have found work . 
  have a stem degree , still no job . 
  that 's correct , right ? 
  yay , the ubi propaganda is still going strong in 2017 . 
  it 's the same every time : `` city x wants ubi ! '', 
  people on reddit cheer in unison . 
  months go past , they do some calculations and it is proven not even close to being possible and the idea is thrown in the thrash , and a few weeks later the whole circus starts again for city y. 
  yeah , people should also stop dying to terrorist attacks , that 's how terrorists win . 
  asylumseekers from `` safe '' north-african countries are under house arrest in their asylum centres during new years because they have been causing problems ; there were reports of fights , theft , vandalism and intimidation . 
  and they still gridlock our ikeas . 
  english source says it 's probably be an accident , but the google-translate-fu of this article implied he drove too fast and on the wrong side of the road . 
  can someone confirm ? 
  nope , we recently already had a hissy fit with algeria about it . 
  they only want to take their shitheads back if we offer them `` economical co\u00f6peration '' aka give them money . 
   why should n't it ? 
  what valid reasons are there for not taking in as many as we can possibly handle ? 
  we have a fantastic quality of life here in europe and the more people who can get to experience that the better . 
  because they lower our fantastic quality of life for the rest of us ? 
  we do n't have infinite resources . 
   and eventually slip into illegality something that is paradoxically not illegal ( as in no fines or punishment ) . 
  i know it 's regarded as a sin to think this on this subreddit , but we could just slow down . 
  we could just cut our current losses and see that the current rush for eu-integration has failed . 
  people have no connection to half the union , and it 's still expanding . 
  the public is far from ready for a european federation , but that does n't mean they want to dissolve the whole union . 
  i really believe that if the left ( or even right ) could be just a bit more critical of the union instead of blindly continuing their own commitment bias , half of the populist parties would just crash and burn . 
   the chancellor 's rhetoric suggests she will challenge populist sentiment rather than seek to appease it -- not only by defending the decision to keep the country 's borders open but also by countering broader attacks on european integration . 
  in sociology , they call this escalation of commitment . 
  no , full summary : i 'm a straight dude that is comfortable with guys of all sexual orientations in `` my '' bathroom , but i 'm uncomfortable with females . 
  i do n't mind transgenders choosing their toilets ; if it happens that a `` ftm transgender '' that still looks like a female or for whatever reason a female wants to go to the men 's room , i obviously wo n't be up in arms about it ( they probably feel unease as well ) , however constant groups of females would make nervous . 
  however , the discussion in this thread was about completely abolishing gender-bathrooms , and i 'm against that . 
  not only because of my own comfort or other subjective reasons , but also practical issues like urinals sparing water , toilet capacity and using space efficiently . 
  i 'm not saying that at all ? 
  i 'm uncomfortable with women walking behind me . 
  i do n't mind men , does n't matter if they are gay or straight . 
  maybe i 'm just prudish . 
  i had prior knowledge of them being gay of course . . 
  she has her own leftist vision but does n't automatically dismiss right wing ideas and admits they also have sound arguments . 
  sounds like the perfect politician to me . 
  i want 150 of those . 
  just like how jean-claude '' when it becomes serious , you have to lie '' juncker is going to take care of fake news , what could go wrong ? 
  sauerkraut with bacon and sausage . 
  i 'm not entirely sure , is she a kurdish woman ? 
  the article was n't very clear about it . 
  so everyone has to change their mannerisms , to solve what issue exactly ? 
  no it does n't , because i never argued that transgenders should n't be allowed to go to the bathroom of their choosing . 
  it 's a complete fallacy . 
  i actually have experience on female bathrooms , because i had to clean them over the day . 
  can confirm his story . 
  because i ca n't understand that you would argue for non-gendered toilets just because people are okay with people from the lgbt community and equality-reasons . 
  your post ignores the real reason of gendered toilets : the general population does n't feel comfortable with the other sex on their toilet , and your post associates a preference for non-gendered bathrooms with acceptation of homosexuality . 
  even though probably unintended after reading your last post , to me it looked like you insinuated that people who like their gendered spaces still have latent homophobia , and that made me snappy . 
  but well , that was obviously a wrong interpretation from me then . 
  have you ever been to a male bathroom ? 
  would you just remove all those urinals , throw away the millions of liters of drinkwater we spare every year and reduce the amount of toilets massively just because people are okay with their gay friend entering ? 
  what about people who are n't comfortable with the other gender entering ? 
   i 'm just commenting that i find it silly that businesses need to dedicate two rooms when one can do the trick would n't halving the capacity be a problem ? . 
  edited post , made it nicer :, 
  i 'm fine with gay people walking behind me when i pee . 
  i have no rational reason for it , but i have no issue going to the same toilet as my gay acquaintances . 
  because i 'm ( and lots of others ) are not comfortable with women walking behind us when we pee ? 
  why do we have to completely abolish all rules and conventions just because of a forced political agenda that `` benefit '' .5 -1 % of the population , and that is a high estimate because not every transgender has problems choosing their preferred loo . 
  i never heard someone diss my `` r '' before . 
  :'( i have no clue how i say my r 's so i really hope i 'm the exception to that rule . 
  literally nobody expected this . 
   a dozen parked bikes  biking city oh , poor you . . you merely adopted the bike . 
  that 's just the northern regions .
