  tl ; dr numbers were allegedly much higher than previously estimated . 
  from a couple of hundred to 1200 women , according to a leaked police file published by german media outlets . 
   i just love how she said being a mother somehow makes her more qualified for the job after seeing those weird antics like booing and such , i actually see where she 's coming from . 
  what are they doing across the canal ? 
  poor politicians wo n't see a minute of summer recess at this rate . 
  at least those did n't get deleted . 
  [ he is completely right though . 
  ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/worldnews/search?q=copenhagen&amp;restrict_sr=on&amp;sort=relevance&amp;t=day ) none about todays story . 
  [ racist white people are fair game by the way , double standards ahoy !, 
  ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/worldnews/search?q=racist&amp;sort=relevance&amp;restrict_sr=on&amp;t=week ), 
   you mean to say that if these people were arrested , the right wing or rather the brexiters would change their mind ? 
  these people do not form opinions based on facts . 
  no i did not . 
  muslims threw acid in the face of an innocent woman , and you still manage to make it about right wing and brexiters . 
  good job . 
  you stooped to their level . 
  the only reason french is more international is that those cunts just refuse to speak in any other language . 
  just watch the song festival , or the olympic games . 
  it 's only a thing in the northern parts though , in the south it 's considered incredibly rude and childish to use cancer in that context . 
  united kingdom , europe 's america . 
  will grigg 's in europe the whole uk is terrified, 
  just keep throwing fetuses out of airplanes . 
  only the ones with wings will make it and reproduce . 
  well , those old people voted selfishly , who goes around comes around . 
  you mean like how nobody changed stances after terrorist attacks and the refugee crisis ? 
  it 's just a coincidence that conservative parties suddenly rose to popularity these last years . 
  you ca n't be that dumb , are you ? 
  or do you also think every refugee is a warcriminal and every muslim is a terrorist ? 
  we know , but we want to make fat redneck jokes without sounding too hypocritical . 
  well , it does n't help that some banlieue 's are practically ghetto 's for starters . 
  well , i do n't mind supporting `` poorer '' countries by spending money on well thought-out plans . 
  the support for an unified europe would be higher if every country just put up a small document online where they tell us sheeple how the money was distributed and what they accomplished with it . 
   but we like the queens head on cash . 
  you still can !, 
  you can design your own euro 's , ours have king willys face on them . 
  so , what 's the use of borders again ? 
  so , the burden of the whole system is put on the employers ? 
  they just magically need to make more profit because the government decided they need to give every employee a $ 1000 , - raise otherwise the job-market will crash . 
  if the system itself would n't create inflation , this measure would make sure that it will . 
  that would completely crush any desire to work . 
  there is no way anyone would work full time for around $ 500 , - extra . 
  who will assemble , repair and program the robots ? 
  or are we also creating a perpetuum mobile soon ? 
   since ubi would be paid off by the employer , thus reducing the cost . 
  that 's what us normies call a salary . 
  you mean the same people that completely tanked our economy not a decade ago ? 
  yeah , no . 
  so , ubi need to be even higher because cost of life rises `` a bit '' and the old ubi wo n't cut it , and turning it into a infinite cycle . 
  even turkey is deemed unsafe . 
  they are very critical about that label . 
   sanction us for what exactly ? 
  there is no basis in international law for forcing us to take refugees there is no legal obligation , just like there is no legal obligation to trade or grant visa-free travel from turkey . 
  also , it 's not like it 's only visa-travels , or did you think the eu wants to give you $ 6m just because they like turkey so much ? 
   and the migrant crisis ends . 
  exactly , so that flip-flopping on migrant issues probably would n't help at all . 
  vvd is in cahoots with the pvda , a party that was known for being so migrant-friendly , that people call it partij van de allochtonen ( party for migrants ) , so they could n't push those policies , even though a prominent vvd-member wanted a 15k quotum on refugees . 
  in the netherlands the current parties only started being less naive about immigrant policies now that wilders is the biggest party in the polls . 
  you wo n't get those voters back , you 've just proven those people right for picking wilders . 
  they will remember who said these things first . 
  is wanting to work with germany worse than wanting to work with turkey , like the leftist pro-union politicians want to ? 
  hint : one of these is frequently featured in news articles about not respecting basic human rights . 
  let 's say all refugees find a modal job with 40 % tax pay ( will never happen , because employment rate is less than 100 % ) . 
  0.4 \u00d7 2200 \u00d7 500k refugees * 50yrs = $ 22bn . 
  that 's excluding all financial aid they will recieve ( child support/medical aid etc ) . 
  it 's ridiculous to think this will ever break-even . 
  or azerbaijan , armenia , georgia and cyprus who are also non-european countries, 
  always in french , because reasons . 
  new party , so not yet in parliament , but it 's estimated that they 'll get 2 seats , but probably higher because they have a target group that has a lot of people who normally would n't vote . 
  i dunno , in the netherlands a completely new party was launched recently focusing solely on immigrants and the second/third generation . 
  our royal family like willem van oranje/the silent ? 
  world class sport-players like johan cruyff/van basten/anton geesink/raymond van barneveld ? 
  actors and actresses like michiel huisman , rutger hauer and carice van houten ? 
  our shitload of trance/dance dj 's like tiesto/hardwell/armin van buuren ? 
  famous artists like vincent van gogh/mc escher/mondriaan ? 
  philosophers like erasmus and spinoza ? 
  fashion models like doutzen kroes and lara stone ? 
  or anne frank , freddy heineken or anton phillips just because everyone , even without ever reading a book , should 've at least heard of the last 3 names . 
  also , their zeeland would crush our height advantage . . stupid hobbits . 
  things like parking in the wrong spot , driving 55 in a 50-zone , accidentally turn into a `` only local traffic '' - way . 
  you know , the really criminal stuff . 
   to his defence , he always showed up in court when asked to . 
  oh , guys we got the wrong one !, 
  this one is obviously a model citizen . 
  well , and surely there are tons of people that pretend to fight for lgbt-rights , unless they have to speak out against islamists or orthodox christians . 
  what is your point ? 
  he is n't defending nazi 's . . 
  do you really think we have ten thousand abandoned houses in the netherlands while at the same time people have to wait multiple years for a subsidised living space ? 
   feel free to pay for housing , it 's not like they pay for housing now . 
  i 'm sure isis is a big fan of the free market . 
  nah , they just do n't give a shit and want to kill just because people asked them to . 
  oh no , bad words !, 
  those bullies hurt more than getting hit by a truck . 
  think about the fee-fees !, 
  ah ; `` the b-b-but people die of other things too ! '', 
  argument again . 
  cars or lightning do n't want to kill us because of our way of life . 
  well , it 's not the first time . 
  most people made up their mind after the 3rd attack on european soil . 
  it is n't much knee-jerk , more like a pavlovian reflex . 
   secondly , do you really think that works ?
