  it 's in my opinion even more scary if he was n't officially allied with isis . 
  i agree that it 's crucial information for intelligence services and it 's certainly worth investigating if this could be prevented or not , but otherwise i 'm not entirely convinced by the `` he was n't really an isis-member !, 
  '' - argument . 
  colour me suprised . 
  `` sieg heil '' only means a call for victory , is that acceptable now ? 
  you ca n't be that naive . 
  for what ? 
   every one equal chances freedom for all equal rights for every one regardless of ethnicity and birth . 
  so , how 's your vacation in fantasyland going ? 
  implying that there is nothing like networking or a so-called old boys network in other countries . 
  the only difference this behind lobby-doors . 
  but maxima does . 
  turkey is far from a poor country , same as all those oil-states , would n't call those secular though . 
  [ daayum ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-i6rfjnquwe ), 
  on the 5th day of the coup erdogan decreed one facetime speech 48000 jobless offficials 6000 detained civil servants one shot mayor and a state of emergency, 
  of course the swedish police is to blame for that whole debacle , but did you hear why the police censored the whole thing ? 
  because they did n't want to help the right-wing parties . 
  you ca n't deny that would imply the higher-ups in the police force had a left-wing bias . 
  the articles about the cologne attacks were two-three days after it was happening , we could get a minute-to-minute update about turkey 's coup d'etat , but it took multiple days for a story that involved a highly-populated location in their own country and a lot of witnesses to break . 
  the media is responsible to bring that to the publics attention , and this was a huge fuck-up at best , malice could n't be proven in this case . 
  yes , that 's exactly what i said . 
  i was talking about a conspiracy that the government mind controlled muslims to rape people . . 
  even in your hyperboles you are n't able to blame the perpetrators . 
  i 've voted left-wing , but even the left-oriented media could n't deny the fuck-ups of the swedish police , why are you making a fool of yourself by denying that happened ? 
  btw : i like how you assumed i read breitbart ( i do n't even know what that is ) . 
  i dunno , but it 's morbidly fascinating to see the rise of a dictator in real-time . 
   implying there were many such cases cologne , sweden . . 
  if / r/europe makes us stop posting about it , it was n't a white male . 
  am i doing this correct ? 
  they are on reddit too . . 
  the dutch public service broadcasting went on a early summer break because it was going to be a summer of sports , so we have n't had a journalistic talk show since may . 
  this lasts until september , they must feel pretty bad now . 
  i like it when they do that , makes their intentions immediately clear . 
  the problem is that politicians are willing to lower the requirements for turkey , because they are such an important country . . see that visa-free travel debacle for example . 
  eu accession talks with turkey should 've ended 5 years ago . 
  but i thought all those refugees were dentists , lawyers and physicians ? 
  c-with-a-small-5-at-the-bottom is my usual way of writing it . 
  but turkey would n't ( and is n't ) being held at the same standards as other eu-candidates . 
  europe is far more lenient with turkey because of their political power in the middle-eastern crises and the conflict with russia . 
  the sheer incompetence of the military is questionable at least . 
  they have a mandate to intervene , they did this a couple of time before . . how could they forget capturing the current president ? 
  i 'm not a conspiracy-nut , but i feel erdogan wants us to think its all a fake . 
  istanbul is lost by the military . 
  ankara is still unclear . 
  eh , that 's hard to say . 
  the europeans share the military 's vision in preferring a more secular turkey and would very much love a western oriented turkey as an ally during the coming crises in the middle-east , but a military coup is very undemocratic and probably would n't find any support from european countries . 
  he should 've been dead or captured at the start of the coup if they wanted to be succesful , or at least cut him off from the media or blackout the city . 
  turkish army traditionally has the duty to defend secularism in turkey . 
  erdogan wants to gradually turn turkey into a religious state , so the turkish army wants to regain control and started this coup . 
  it looks bad for the turkish army at the moment , a lot of pro-erdogan civilians listened to erdogans call for an uprising against the military . 
  if the coup succeeds , turkey has the potential to become a more western country . 
  if it fails , turkey could become a state based on islamic values and join the middle-east . 
  meh , she is n't close to our dionne stax . 
  dutch correspondents say they saw military fall back , the blockade of the airport is over and the national television claimed victory . 
  sources say its over . 
  the coup has failed . 
  it 's our go-to strategy since the end of ww1 . 
  turkish army has the duty to defend secularism in turkey . 
  erdogan wants to gradually turn turkey into a religious state , so the turkish army wants to regain control and started this coup . 
  it looks bad for the turkish army at the moment , a lot of pro-erdogan civilians listened to erdogans call for an uprising against the military . 
  if the coup succeeds , turkey has the potential to become a more western country . 
  if it fails , turkey could become a state based on islamic values and join the middle-east . 
  media state there were explosions in the cities . 
  not yet . 
  it seems like the civilians outside support erdogan . 
  it 's really hard to succesfully take control when there is little support among the general population . 
  dead . 
  safely inside , like the military commanded them . 
  its not quite clear who the opressors are exactly at the moment , so it 's still vague . 
  subredditsimulator is leaking . 
  you ca n't plan a coup in a day . 
  i ca n't wait for the next american gun-nut to use that argument . 
  if he says i 'm allied with isis , and isis says `` we were responsible '' . 
  does it really matter if he was then ? 
  they obviously share the same values . 
  the problem with other political motives , is that they will die out because they start to see their world view is flat out wrong or they give up trying to change the world order ( see the red brigade in the 70 's ) . 
  these people believe that dying and taking as many with them is their greatest achievement in life . 
  you ca n't fight religious zealots like you could with political groups, 
  the promenade is usually a normal road for cars . 
  it was cordoned off for miles so people could walk safely . 
  he probably rammed through a police post a few miles earlier . 
  maybe they were filming/photographing the promenade/fireworks from their balcony and they saw a truck driving on a way that was sanctioned of for miles ? 
  that 's exactly their plan . 
  not being succesful breeds more hatred against the west . 
  news just came in : according to cnn there were explosives , firearms and grenades in the back of the truck . 
  that 's what europe thought in the interbellum , and we call it interbellum for a reason now . 
  i just wish both sides would start their political discussions next week . . 
  there was this video on the dutch news of the truck accelerating into the crowd . 
  it was unreal . 
  if you see the pictures , you should be suprised it 's `` only 60 '' . 
  i have seen a lot of nsfw-content , but the images and videos are truly horrendous . 
  maybe the explosives failed ? 
  oh my god . . 
  i have never seen something like this . 
  for other people : this is seriously nsfl . 
   casually mentions a hostage situation . 
  completely ignores it for the next ten minutes and replay an interview for the third time . 
  i have no idea what nos is doing . 
  do you have a source ? 
  the dutch news has nothing official .
