  i rather not change into the usa . 
  well , is there ? 
   curious that those people also tend to be the ones that want to see it all crumble , so why should he/we care about them ? 
  i hate this kind of thinking . 
  the militant `` if you 're not with me , you 're against me '' is ridiculous . 
  there a literally millions of people who like the eu , but do n't like the idea of federalisation . 
  they do n't want to see the eu crumble , but they do think the cultural and economic differences between member states are too big to overcome . 
  they are miles apart from the farage/wilders and other anti-europe-loonies , but if you still put them in the basket of deplorables , they will eventually vote for those populists . 
  triggered, 
  i think it 's unfair to put all the blame on the eu . 
  if your only motivation to be decent country is the possibility of joining a union , then i do n't know if you 're union-material . 
  pff !, 
  always the same on this subreddit , constantly promoting diversity , but my own spices are standing here in my cupboard doing nothing because of these foreign spices that stole all the dishes !, 
  it 's not banned on the street . 
  it 's banned in places where identification is important . 
   face-covering clothing will in future not be accepted in education and healthcare institutions , government buildings and on public transport ,, 
   newspaper articles comparing this referendum to brexit are hilarious . 
  the worst part is that most news sources do n't even mention the goal of the referendum . 
  it 's a sad day that we consider this good news . 
  but because of the eu/schengen my outer border is greece 's or bulgarian 's outer border, 
  51 % is still a majority and even if he was elected with a minority of the voters , it should n't matter . 
  people were screaming on this sub that the eu should be ready to take action against us because of the election of trump , even though he is n't even president yet . 
  i dunno , that 's what i thought first too . 
  then i saw articles about clinton 's body count and im not very sure anymore . 
  * takes notes * * consent form * audio-recording device to record verbal consent * breathalyser do i need anything more on my nightstand ? 
  ah you are so silly !, 
  everybody knows women ca n't be rapists !, 
  to be fair , could n't these things be learned during the course itself ? 
  in the netherlands we just have mandatory classes in the first two years about art and engineering and gym class both had ball-sports and gymnastics in their curriculum . 
  it sounds kinda weird that you have a class about the fact that it 's okay to do a different class . 
   if you are so passionate in defending populists in other countries , at least research said country 's politics uh , if you call members of a political party nazi 's , the burden of proof is entirely on you . 
  thanks for filling us in on our own political views , maybe you should call us racists in advance so we can skip that part too . 
  well , the deal only consists of travel from turkey to the eu and i still need to buy a visa right now , so i 'm pretty sure . 
   whereas turkey , a member of customs union , could n't travel visa-free since 80s . 
  meanwhile , eu still ca n't travel visa-free to your country . 
  and why did they choose to direct it to russia itself but adress the ones caught by isis propaganda ? 
  wait what ? 
  i never insinuated nor stated something even close to that . 
  i mentioned that according to that eu statement far-right pro-russian propaganda is bad ( and it is ! ), 
  but at the same time humanizing the effects of isis-propaganda by being concerned about the radicalisation of muslims . 
  why is n't isis propaganda being condemned as harshly as russian propaganda , or why did n't the eu humanize the pro-russian alt-right movement as they did with isis-supporters ? 
  i mean , neo-nazi 's are scum of the earth , but are they really that much worse than people who actually kill other people ? 
  i never said anything close to conspiracy theories , fake news-sites or scrapping free speech , you could 've just reacted with actual arguments instead of directly vilifying me . 
  exactly : they talk harsh words against russia , but they also could 've talked about the young and old alt-righters who fell victim to anti-eu and russian propaganda and how it 's sad that those people feel like they are n't heard by the eu . 
  it 's not a coincidence that they focused on the victims on one site and the big evil on the other one . 
  these are carefully chosen words , it is not an accident that they used these tones in their statements . 
  kinda interesting that those two statements are completely different in tone . 
  the statement about russia is to the point , cold and hard , while the isis statement is weirdly sympathetic and supportive . 
  twice here : once when i got my root canal treatment and last year when i got a double ear infection that completely shut my ear canal . 
  yes i know , i have a lot of canal-issues for a dutchman . 
  actually we are stopping viruses : polio , measels , hepatitis . 
  but anti-vaxxers are ruining that too . 
   yes , you can . 
  for starters , even if it were true , it 's rude and unnecessary . 
  it is not what somebody who 's lost two babies in six months , one of them the previous week , and who is still recuperating physically and mentally needs to hear . 
  you do n't talk to a doctor to hear good news . 
  good thing that pvda also helped introduce this law . 
  the only two things that need to be changed : remove the minimum voter turnout and stop screaming that you will respect the result no matter the outcome . 
   in 2015 , they persuaded the dutch parliament to adopt a law that requires the government to hold a referendum on any law if 300,000 citizens request it eh , this law is the idea of d66 and groenlinks , who are arguably the most europhile parties in our system . 
  the only party that come close to their pro-eu rhetoric is the vvd . 
  well , my french is too rusty to check that , so i 'll take your word for it . 
  mohamed ouriaghli and alain courtois are like tumblr feminism versus the old-school egalitarian-feminism . 
   mohamed ouriaghli : `` het is duidelijk , door de patriarchale structuur van onze samenleving , dat de mannen zich de macht en hebben toege\u00ebigend that 's how you start an open discussion people , the new feminism way . 
  blame the patriarchy and call men the usurpers of power !, 
  ^ / s alain courtois is completely right though . 
  does n't mean it has to be a quarter of britain ? 
  he does n't have one , because he 's baselessly speculating . 
  but apparently , the french guy knows more about it than someone who actually voted in the referendum . 
   illegitimate nope , completely legitimate . 
   ( on what subject again ? 
  dunno , just vote no ) on the association agreement , i just told you that , dummy . 
   never stop pushing your agenda , some people might actually believe you . 
  ironically , that 's actually what all these pro-ukraine shills are doing . 
  just telling them the no-voters are stupid and `` do n't know what they are talking about '' . 
  typical europhile elitist attitude . 
  the fact that you only attacked me personally and did n't give a single argument why the agreement is a sound plan , tells the whole story . 
  facts do n't matter . 
  / r/europe will still think you are a racist asshole if you voted against the association agreement . 
   what , out of spite towards one poster on reddit ? 
  no , by the sheer arrogance displayed by a huge group of europhiles . 
  i 'm also pro-eu , but the complete disregard for every single point of critique is astounding . 
   `` these legal treaties mean nothing . 
  all that matters is my feelings . '', 
  was n't that the brexit campaign slogan ? 
  that 's disappoint - [ we beat finland !, 
  ] ( http://www.123feestje.nl/files/21511/categories/ballonnen-en-slingers_74332.jpg ), 
  if you ever visited wallonia , you 'd understand . 
  but that 's not mansplaining , that 's being a sexist little shit . 
  if she got ignored and you got all the information , she was n't being mansplained . 
  also , even if he was talking to her , is it really that bad if he started explaining stuff from the very beginning ? 
  that 's why car salesman exist right ? 
  i would love if the car salesman treated me like a dumdum and explained why for example a 1.6 engine ( that 's a thing right ? ), 
  is the better choice for me . 
  honestly i ca n't imagine being offended by a person that wants to help you , but that 's probably my male white priviledge that needs checking . 
  poland can into meldpunt . 
  `` you just do n't get it ! '', 
  could you give me an example ? 
  as a man , i honestly ca n't see a situation where extra information is horrible . 
  actually , now when i think of it , in my experience i see far more women starting their story by going back to the basics than man do , even in conversations between two women . 
  so basically womansplaining should be a bigger issue than mansplaining .
