they probably want a country with a decent soccer team . 
  i do n't think you got the gist of my comment ; most european have a complete well-fare system that requires housing ( as in , a real appartment ) for refugees , we ca n't give one part of the refugees an appartment and the others a bunch of tents on the veluwe . 
  that 's what we assume . 
  the problem is that our support for non - working people is actually a bit too good in my opinion , as in : there are lower class jobs that pay less than our financial aid , but if you take that job , it 's salary is substracted from your aid . 
  so lower class refugees do n't want to work because why would you work if you get enough benefits and free money ? 
  this is also the reason why we have a lower cutoff for refugees , not because were fascists or racists ; it 's because we invest a lot of money in every refugee who gets here . . at least 3 ( probably a lot more ) years of income without any seeing any potential returns of investment for most of the refugees . 
  that is financially unsustainable . 
  to be fair , most european countries do n't have a spare desert to place refugees in . 
  oh i do thank the us military as a whole , but i disagree with the hero culture . 
  nobody thanks doctors , firemen or policemen for their service , so why armymen ? 
  also , the ridiculous `` thnx for ur service '' - mentality . 
  i think it says enough that you call everything right `` radicalized politics '' . 
  is there a regular right then ? 
  i only hear about your left-flank and this party . 
  it 's easier for them to keep preaching on their moral highground . 
  like the whole left-flank is n't influencing the public . 
  they will . 
  maybe not now , but it will come . 
  the committee consists of african members . . they probably do n't even know of the existence of belgium . 
  the stench would be horrible . 
  that almost sounds like limburgs . 
  russia sounds like that ex-girlfriend who got caught cheating and then gets mad at you because you violated her privacy . 
  that 's what would happen in a happy merry world , imagined by the pro-eu people . 
  instead we have stuff like [ this nonsense ] ( http://www.euractiv.com/sections/future-eu/auditors-put-price-tag-eu-parliament-travelling-circus-303846 ) that costs tax payers a fortune , and that 's just being an economic union . 
  you wo n't give a kid a dog if they ca n't properly raise a goldfish . 
  less bureaucracy is a weird argument . . if you see how much money is spent only by changing location every month ( ? ), 
  between strassbourg and brussels . . let them first figure out an economic union before trying to fuck with country 's sovereign laws . 
   nobody will be forced bu thats exactly what is going to happen ... just like the lisbon treaty . 
  well of course , it 's german humor . 
  am i right guys ? 
  our biggest party ( vvd ) last month about the turkey-deal : `` it 's just a symbolic gesture , no way we 'll let such an inhumane country travel without a visa , and they wo n't make the deadline anyway because they still need to comply to 40 of the 72 rules . '', 
  nah , all turks are obviously bad . 
  one time i went on a vacation to the turkish coast , and the owner of the hotel was an asshole !, 
  being direct and blunt even in front of the most emotional discussions . 
  that 's the dutch way really . 
  ah , another greek who sees animals as sub-par species that should n't have any rights . 
  it 's really a cultural thing over there , is n't it ? 
   you should n't be allowed to campaign for your cause with outright lies and conspiracy theories . 
  you should say that to our prime-minister who said that `` it 's just a trade treaty '' . 
  vote `` no '' on april 6th . 
  make sure the european union ca n't tear down the netherlands any further . 
  i dunno , this joke could cost him the dutch referendum , that would be even worse than just presidency . 
  small history lesson : we actually had the [ prinsenvlag ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/prince%27s_flag ) that had [ the orange colour ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/5/5a/prinsenvlag.svg/220px-prinsenvlag.svg.png ) , but it 's kinda controversial . 
  [ my favourite ] ( https://encrypted-tbn2.gstatic.com/images?q=tbn:and9gcqq62lxji2jmsh-rgp2gemymbwpogl2kjt3v-qyqjj0br5r9k2oo8qe_q ) . 
  it 's from a small town called beek ( it means creek in dutch ) . 
  that i 'm unable to see the sarcasm is telling a lot about our media . 
  good job playing the racism card . . 
  the easy way out . 
   i 'd rather fight through difficult decisions with my fellow europeans shame that every time a country east of germany needs to invest in europe , it 's like `` lol nope '' . 
  you can also keep your crime rate very low by covering up incidents . . 
  oh , so it is possible to bring news the morning after !, 
  he would 've sunk to sam pepper levels of sad pranks . 
  she lost her privacy ? 
  they are not german citizens . 
  i think most of the women tried to keep an arm 's length distance , but it 's hard when they are all around you and closing in . 
  it 's ridiculous at the moment ; the netherlands is a small and populous country so our spatial resources are limited , but it 's still taboo to ask about what 's the upper limit of refugees we could/should take in that is still sustainable in the long run . 
  well , only 63 % of it . 
  but sitting on our high horses boasting about our superior moral values is n't going to stop terrorist attacks . 
  there are a lot of left-wing politicians that think differently about that . 
  there probably is n't one , because people are not dumb enough to just walk into town halls wearing balaclavas , let alone keeping your face covered when someone is asking you to remove it . 
  jesus christ , that 's harsh . 
  you could make and upload a sex video in the netherlands without consent and rob her house clean and you only get 6 weeks of public service . 
  but these monopoly-laws are kinda all over the place though . 
  in my region there is effectively one cable company . 
  yes , i have to `` choose '' it but the other companies can only provide a fifth of the speed because of cable reasons . 
  technically the cable situation is n't a monopoly but this ( where people effectively choose for android ) is . 
   at least for the end user the fact that it does not add to the price strongly disagree . 
  look at how much apple-fans are paying for `` convenience '' . 
  service is always a selling point . 
  he would turn around in his grave if he knew about the current state of turkey . 
  i dunno , i just checked the stocks and apparently our market value skyrocketed overnight . 
  so we have to see what you have to offer first . 
  that 's a hard choice , i do n't want to watch trump win , but i certainly want to see hilary lose . 
  well , at least those self-righteous hrc-shills on reddit are shot down hard . 
  it 's time to celebrate the small things , a really tiny silver lining . 
  that 's why i filtered the shithole that is / r/trees . 
  [ the darkest timeline . 
  [ according to the forecast ] ( http://www.nytimes.com/elections/forecast/president ) he is projected to get 305 . 
  thank god !, 
  i almost thought they would elect a looney . 
  to be fair , markets are very speculative so they completely rely on these projections . . 
  but it is definitely a worrying trend that the stocks dropped this hard . . like 500 points on dow futures . 
  holy shit , the american stock market already started to plummet , this is not going well . . 
  clinton really needs pennsylvania or it 's definitely over . 
  trump on 60 % chance of winning presidency according to the ny times . 
  jesus christ , prez pepe is really possible . 
  http://www.nytimes.com/elections/forecast/president uh . . guys ? 
  okay american friends , i thought it was amusing to see how far trump would get , but it is getting too close now . 
  it 's getting a bit scary . 
  so , the house of representatives will stay red probably . . am i correct in that a best case scenario for democrats it 's another 4 years of no federal legislation passing right ? 
  hmm , should i believe these media outlets all over the world , or this hillary shill ? 
  that 's a great endorsement for trump . 
  i know , and just because i love living dangerously , i predict clinton for california . 
  no need to thank me . 
  i call texas for trump too . 
  the worst part is that both of you are right . 
  they 'll probably deny it and nuke it with bots . 
  you ca n't play chess with pigeons . 
  ironically , you completely missed the point of the article . 
  broodje haring is really polarising though . .
