broadcast is not great for anything . 
  well , everything was really complicated in stalin 's times . 
  it did not matter who you are , if you did something wrong , then you would end up in siberia . 
  but there was no russofocation policy per se . 
  funny fact - chk agency responsible for all these actions was created by latvians and they started their dirty work by sending their brothers to siberia . 
  and latvians were instrumental in russian revolution and in tzar 's execution . 
  what goes around comes around , i guess ... 
  i moved to uk recently and i totally disagree about food quality here . 
  i do n't know about the whole of uk , but the beauty of london is that you can buy anything here !, 
  including great bread . 
  yeah , it might be a lot more expensive than hovis made piece of shit , but you can buy awesome stuff without any problems . 
  including black rye bread common for xussr countries , which is my true love . 
  there 's a shop not far away from my house which sells fresh stuff baked using russian and lithuanian recipes , tastes like heaven , but costs three times more than in latvia . 
  and 200m away i have small turkish shop with fresh turkish bread , which i also love . 
  no need to eat hovis shit , 
  shoot em with eagles launched from eagle launchers !, 
  so , just shoot them !, 
  you only have control of your house . 
  anything that leaves your house is public by default . 
  if you do n't want your info leaked , do n't use online services . 
  privacy should never be used to cripple freedom of speech and to introduce censorship in any way . 
  person 's rights end where they meet another person 's rights , but censoring affects the whole society . 
  eu is already censored far too much . 
  and censoring google searches does not protect you or anybody else from hacks , leaks , etc. 
  and it does not protect you from your own wrongdoings . 
  and another important thing - no one should be responsible for your mistakes but you . 
  you still get more money than what you 'd get in latvia ( taxes in latvia are close to polish ) and your purchasing power is higher . 
  public info is public . 
  there 's no privacy when you leave your house . 
  there never was . 
  i was born there , mate !, 
  my family was a victim of soviet regime and this is why i 'm telling you that . 
  if you approve this act of your state , then you are quite close in your mindset to pro-putin russian zombies , sadly . 
  your country has a great chance to become better these days , please do n't fall into a pit of hatred , misjudgement and total control . 
  you do n't want that . 
  yes , ireland is a great example !, 
  the history of ireland parallels the history of latvia in many ways . 
  britain oppressed ireland for centuries . 
  well , latvia was oppressed for less than a century ( it did not exist before 20th century and was actually created by ussr , oh irony ... ) , but still - oppressed . 
  britain committed a crime of genocide against people of ireland and country lost [ two thirds ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/6/60/irelandrepublicpopulation1841.png ) of its population ( that ' a a few millions of people ) . 
  about 200k latvians were deported by soviet state and about the same amount ran away to other countries to seek asylum , that 's about 20 % of population . 
  that 's a lot , even though not anywhere remotely near the numbers of irish victims . 
  still a large-scale crime , no doubts there . 
  the difference lies in the way republic of ireland handles its history today . 
  there are unionist pro-british parties , there are many unsolved problems with northern ireland , but roi does not put people in jail no matter what their political views are . 
  ireland came a very long and painful way and today it became an example of modern and civilized european state . 
  and it is also one of the top 5 most developed countries in eu . 
  meanwhile latvia has showed us that it does not support values of eu states , it is still stuck in soviet era of total state control and after a decade of being an eu member it is yet to start developing and currently is in top 5 of least developed eu states . 
  yep , you should check irish history , that 's for sure . 
  you sound a bit like putin supporters from russia . 
  i hope you 're joking here . 
  yes , us is not a part of eu , it is just an example of how the state reacts to public . 
  want an eu example ? 
  check out scottish referendum about leaving uk , it is not even an online petition , it is action of separatism . 
  no one went to jail for that . 
  [ texas secede petition ] ( https://petitions.whitehouse.gov/petition/peacefully-grant-state-texas-withdraw-united-states-america-and-create-its-own-new ) - no one got in to jail . 
  latvia to join russia petition - author is in jail . 
  this , my friends , is the difference between a civilized country which protects human rights and freedom of speech and a police state . 
  it 's a shame that such countries are part of eu ... 
  russians living in other european countries can not be used as a kremlin tools . 
  why ? 
  because they are treated as a first class citizens there . 
  learn and fix your country . 
  nothing will happen . 
  germany is not a totalitarian police state . 
  private persons might get offended and might start a trial , but that would be a private trial without government interference . 
  government is there to serve people , not the other way around . 
  or you prefer living in ussr ? 
  because freedom of speech is a crime in latvia . 
  true . 
  latvia is a semi-police state , sadly . 
  well , at least we wo n't be hit by hillary 's nuclear fallout . 
  well , everyone from xussr is eastern-european , meaning slav by default , 
   paternal haplogroups n1c-tat and r1a are the two most frequent , reaching 39.9 % each among ethnic latvians . 
  [ citation needed ] [ 42 ] n1c-tat mutation probably originated in south siberia eight to nine thousand years ago and had spread through the urals into the europe latvians are descendants of slavs and finno-ugric peoples . 
  the joke is that latvia has no potatoes at all . 
  so seeing an image of loads of potatoes is a real porn . 
  download 4k movies , you will have some time for a short piss . 
  lucky me , my dsl is capable of 40mbps . 
  but sky router is so shitty , that it starts dropping packets under load . 
  i need to buy a proper replacement for this shit . 
  it just makes isp clients happier overall . 
  let me explain . 
  when a person connects to the internet , isp does not provide a dedicated channel , shared channel is used instead . 
  that means the more clients you have the more bandwidth they use and they will start experiencing problems . 
  when isp have shit loads of bandwidth his clients will only be able to use large bandwidths for a very short times ( because downloading a movie at 1gbps takes seconds instead of hours ) , so most of the time the channel is idle . 
  that means that isp can connect more clients , promise then higher speeds , there will be lower latencies and everyone will be happy . 
  so to make your clients happy , just give them all 1gbps link . 
  that 's the 4g speeds i was getting in latvia . 
  that 's the reason i left latvia . 
  what the hell is wrong with you , people ? 
  such laws cripple our freedoms !, 
  such laws should not be passed no matter what !, 
  i 'm an atheist and i believe that any faith is bad . 
  and i also believe in the freedom of choice . 
  government should not ban any clothes and there are no valid reasons to do that . 
  eu has already crippled many freedoms if its citizens , that bull crap must be stopped !, 
  well , if uk will start bitching , i 'll just move to ireland . 
  and my ex-colleagues from my country of birth are not looking at uk anymore . 
  we 're software developers , it is easy for us to find jobs anywhere and we will not tolerate stupid regulations being eu citizens .
