  good luck searching for great senior level devs in northern anglia !, 
  tbh , catford is one of the most peaceful places i lived in in london  strong jamaican community there means people are always high and friendly there . 
  i thought east end is a shithole , 
  catford is only 30 mins away from the centre , flats start from # 800 per month . 
  that 's almost two times cheaper than flats in north west and it 's definitely not a `` suburb '' . 
  there was only one study about wage gap afaik and it did n't account for that , or occupied position or whatever . 
  the result is that wage gap is a myth in developed countries , but everyone still complains . 
  people should be paid according to their skills and abilities , not gender or whatever . 
  paying the same to everyone is not good . 
  eu will still affect uk , that 's the thing , lol . 
  leavers are totally deluded . 
  uk had a voice in eu , it will lose it now . 
  i 'm not comparing , i 'm saying technically us were first . 
  well , again , technically there were more than one language , but since english was a very large majority it did n't matter much . 
  yep . 
  ah , id is ok . 
  i thought you did n't have any ids at all , 
  well , technically us did , but that was so long ago , it should 've been a lot easier for them . 
  but in recent years we only saw one another union , which failed miserably . 
  soviet one . 
  totally agree with you !, 
  smoking , obesity and other health issues are killing so many people every year that i do n't understand why anyone bothers with terrorism at all !, 
  i 'd rather see more money spent on healthcare and education than on anything security related . 
  you were just lucky , there are random passport checks and you could have problems without id . 
  2 ) how do you know your vote is not tracked when you put paper bulletin inside the ballot box ? 
  they are usually opaque and you do n't know what 's happening inside . 
  3 ) the more the people , the easier it is to corrupt someone . 
  the more the people , the less responsibility they feel for their actions . 
  the more the people , the easier is to control them with your agenda . 
  groups of people tend to unite and that can be their greatest weakness in the hands of a good manipulator . 
  i 'd rather see one and only one person responsible for the whole voting data , who can easily be held accountable for any wrongdoings . 
  * a voter needs to be authorised to vote * - electronic signatures and ids . 
  somehow they 're pretty safe for every other possible usage these days . 
  and forging them is harder than a fake paper id , which are not even properly tested during voting . 
  * a vote should be in no way traceable to a single person * - save the vote without any reference/relation to the voter . 
  * their vote should not be tempered with * - there are a lot more people with access to paper voting bulletins who can tamper the result than there will ever be with the access to the database . 
  if you 're concerned with tampering , traditional voting should not exist at all . 
  * you should never trust a single entity , as they could be bought/coerced/have their own agenda * - this is true for any voting system , including all the existing ones . 
  just looks at voting in russia , lol . 
  electronic voting is banned , because it makes it a lot harder to tamper with discretly . 
  it is easier to pay some random granny to add a bunch of votes or miscalculate the bulletins , it guys are more expensive and like to twit about such crap . 
  what exactly is the problem ? 
  i do n't see any as a software developer . 
  i do n't see any problem , you save data about who voted without any link to the data about how they voted . 
  two tables , no relation between them , problem solved . 
  for food you should only go to italy and spain . 
  other nations ca n't cook , period . 
  belgian beer is not magic , it 's centuries old traditions . 
  instead of modern overnight `` crafting '' . 
  you ca n't make a good beer overnight . 
  2l bottle of bear beer is my true love !, 
  having a pint during lunch is a must . 
  how can you swallow food without beer ? 
  i tried karmeliet today for the first - it 's a bliss !, 
  being a russian from latvia i do n't like such dickheads myself . 
  territory of latvia was part of russian empire for centuries , there were plenty of people of russian ethnicity at the start of latvian republic . 
  as there were plenty of latvians on the territory of modern russia . 
  latvian awakening was powered by latvian people who were studying in moscow and peterburg . 
  but there are no laws which ban use of other languages . 
  usually there are laws which protect languages spoken by minorities , not the other way around . 
  latvian language laws are discriminatory . 
  this is plain racist . 
  i agree with your points , but recent law proposals are plain dumb and counter effective . 
  ushakov should be prosecuted for his wrong doings based on criminal law . 
  no one is really fighting him , just inventing discriminatory bull shit , which will affect loyal citizens who , by accident have russian ethnicity . 
  integration and basic respect are two different things , yet if you do n't respect sizeable amount of people legally living in your country you 'll never see integration . 
  good points !, 
  first of all i never spoke only russian in latvia . 
  i was born there and i know the native language . 
  yet still i was looked upon because i 'm russian . 
  in uk i also do n't speak russian exclusively , yet i use it every day for informal communications . 
  there are plenty of people who either speak russian natively or are interested in learning this language . 
  this includes my italian colleagues , for example . 
  i 'm trying to speak italian with them as well . 
  he is very corrupt and should be prosecuted for that . 
  but thinking about the law to punish people for speaking other languages is absurd . 
  do n't lie , there are plenty of jobs which you ca n't get in riga if you simply have a russian name . 
  how do i know ? 
  because i 'm from latvia with a russian ancestry and russian name . 
  not knowing latvian in riga is not ok for over a decade now , are you stuck in 90-s or something ? 
  it 's not about poor russians , read [ this ] ( http://www.sseriga.edu/en/news-and-events/news/announcement-from-anders-rydin-rectorship-of-sse-riga.html ) for example . 
  nil should be put to trial for corruption , but thinking about laws to punish people for using different languages is unimaginable in modern europe . 
  there 's no place in eu for countries with such laws . 
  he 's not using russian and english exclusively , but he 's using these two languages when he speaks to people who talk in these languages natively . 
  for example , 37.88 % of people living in riga are russians , 3.3 % are belarusians , 2.4 % are ukrainians . 
  they all speak russian . 
  public services here in london speak in arabic and polish yet there are a lot less than 40 % polish speakers in the city . 
  should london stop providing its services in polish ? 
  should sadiq stop talking in his native tongue to people of the same origin living in london ? 
  37.88 % of people living in riga are russians , 3.3 % are belarusians , 2.4 % are ukrainians . 
  they all speak russian . 
  how can you as a mayor of such city ignore the needs of almost a half of your population ? 
  is this your definition of loyalty to the people who elected him ? 
  but ok , let 's switch from russians , because fuck 40 % of city population , right ? 
  let 's talk about sweden , since your flair is a swedish flag . 
  anders paalzow , the rector of a privately owned stockholm school of economics riga branch [ was suspended by latvian government ] ( http://www.sseriga.edu/en/news-and-events/news/announcement-from-anders-rydin-rectorship-of-sse-riga.html ) earlier this year . 
  do you still think that latvian government actions have any sense ? 
  and speaking about russian bit , would you say the same about sadiq khan , mayor of london , and how he is an islamic terrorism threat ? 
  i find that a lot of people are supporting latvia on this subreddit , but news like that rarely make it to here . 
  yet there are plenty of them like that .
