  why do we even pretend this is a ` european ' central bank in that case if it is very clear that it will act in the interest of certain european governments at the expense of others ? 
  the correct response from the ecb would have been to ensure the continued operation of the greek banking sector * no matter what * the disagreement between greece and the creditors would be . 
   coincidentally i have the same feelings , only for syriza , not the `` terrorists '' . 
  ah , i can see you just misunderstand the whole situation then . 
  you think somehow carrying on the old programme ( which has failed for five years in a row , every year ) is the best outcome we could possibly have ended up with ? 
  you do n't think it would have been better for * all parties * to negotiate a better programme that actually , you know , works ? 
   that is not so . 
  they had their plans - created for the consensus by economic advisors ( with degrees in various branches of economy ) . 
  varoufakis is not a genius or a messiah . 
  he is one firebrand economist from a party with very peculiar and unorthodx ideas about how economy works . 
  so yes , the imf came up with the initial programme but i can see you have n't been keeping up with the imf 's position on this crisis . 
  the imf is the only member of the troika which has partially admitted that the initial estimates of greek performance under the programme were wrong . 
  if the troika is relying entirely on the imf for the technical economic analysis then they should be accepting the imf 's latest position which is that greece requires immediate debt relief . 
  yet we still see herr sch\u00e4uble pretending that there is ntohing wrong with his precious programme and insisting that the greeks must do more austerity ( after all , though it did n't work for the last five years , it will magically begin to work at some point in the future ! ) . 
  you are right that varoufakis is not a messiah . 
  however , you are dead-wrong that what he was saying in these negotiations was ` peculiar ' or ` unorthodox ' in * any * way . 
  the idea of expansionary austerity is the unorthodox idea . 
  i can find you probably hundreds of pieces written by economists like krugman , stiglitz , summers , de long , wren-lewis * et al * which will confirm for you that the * consensus among economists , including the imf * is that austerity contracts the economy . 
  also , no offence to you , but unless you have some kind of economics training , i do n't think you are entitled to have opinions on these matters which supercede those of nobel prize winners like krugman or stiglitz . 
  varoufakis was presenting what is * very much * the mainstream macroeconomics on the whole austerity idea . 
   it is not the eu 's fault that the greek welfare system is entirely based on debt . 
  what the fuck does this even mean ? 
  you are just combining words into a sentence and hoping it makes sense ? 
  this situation actually is really really obvious : we already have a troika programme in place , it has been in place for five years and it has * failed to deliver the expected results * . 
  the greek government thus wished to renegotiate the terms of the programme so that we could try to get the expected results . 
  the troika has refused to renegotiate the programme , obviously because they believe that at some point , the laws of economics will change , and by magical forces the programme ( which has failed for five years ) will begin to work . 
  if you are so obsessed with debt think about this : the greek debt : dgp ratio is * higher * now than it was before the troika ` helped ' them . 
  does that sound like a programme which worked to you ? 
  they were literally better off in 2010 before they started following the troika ` advice ' . 
  i think once again you simply misunderstand many aspects of this situation . 
  this was never * ever * about whether the troika would lend more money to greece . 
  in fact , if syriza had agreed to continue the existing programme , the troika would have continued to ` pour money ' into the greek economy , and they would have been happy to do it . 
  so do n't act like this is a choice between giving them more money or not . 
  what the discussion was about was easy : given that the current programme has resulted in a 25 % fall in greek gdp * and thus reduced greece 's ability to repay the loans * , we should negotiate a new programme which will deliver growth to the greek economy so that they will be able to pay the loans back sooner . 
  you need to go and read more about this . 
  you are very quick to type your ` opinions ' on the situation but you appear to be misinformed on so so many things . 
   that does n't mean that pouring money into the black hole that is the greek political/economic system is a valid solution to the problem either econically or politically . 
  unfortunately for you , this is actually a perfect description for the current programme . 
  we are already puring money into a black hole and you are right , it has not solved the problem . 
  however , this programme is already in force and has been for five years . 
  it is syriza who are trying to change the programme , not the troika . 
  so you go away and think about that . 
  i can see you , like so many many people , miss one really obvious fact in your entire opinion of this situation : the troika programme has failed already . 
  it failed after one year , but the greeks kept trying with it for five years in total . 
  syriza wanted to negotiate a programme which will work . 
   giving them unlimited money where do you think the money went exactly ? 
  all this money we loaned them in 2010 , hmm ? 
  it went to bail out banks , including german banks , so they did n't lose * one single cent * on their risky investments in greek government debt . 
  so in other words , the governments of the ez decided instead of makign these banks take losses on greek bonds , they will use taxpayer money to bail out the banks instead . 
  but you now want to pretend we are just giving them money for what , to be nice to them ? 
  please fucking grow up and open your eyes . 
  we gave them money so they could give that money to * our * banks , so that * our * banks did not have solvency problems . 
  so if you want to be angry with someone for risking your tax money , you can be angry at the greek government for sure , but you better be just as fucking angry at the shitty banks for gambling on the greek debt in the first place * and * our shitty governments for bailing out the banks with no questions asked . 
   while this all is not something that inspires trust to put it mildly , the game of amateurish political brinkmanship tsipras/varoufakis tried to pull these last months and especially these last weeks destroys their credibility even more . 
  none of this fucking matters one iota . 
  this is just bullshit that the conservative media is using to distract peopole who know * nothing * about the situation . 
  who gives a fuck if they are ` amateurish ' ? 
  what does this even mean ? 
  think about it : all these ` professional ' politicians in the troika are the same people who came up with this ` brilliant ' programme in the first place which has clearly failed spectacularly . 
  but their only response when someone like varoufakis ( an actual macroeconomist ) comes to them and tell them that their programme failed , instead of admitting the failure they say `` oh but he does n't wear a tie to the meetings and he is such an amateur ! ', 
  as if this is somehow supposed to make us forget that all the tie-wearing , serious , professionals have totally failed, 
  i can only conclude you are basing your whole opinion of this situation on what you read in the newspapers or something . 
  syriza 's main contention was this : greece has tried to troika programme for five years . 
  the programme did not work like the troika promised it would . 
  we want to negotiate a new programme which will end the humanitarian crisis in greece . 
  how is this unreasonable ? 
  it is * really obvious * that the troika programme has failed entirely to give the results it promised . 
  why the fuck are we continuing it ? 
  the fact that people like you think this entire situation should be about bluffing and fighting with each other and whatever other rubbish you wrote just shows you do n't understand the basic point : the programme was bullshit and it did n't work . 
  everyone involved should admit that and try to come up with a better programme . 
  have you seen dijsselbloem or kazimir or any of these clowns admit they fucked up ? 
  no fucking chance . 
  instead they would rather pretend the programme has failed because the greeks are lazy/corrupt/dishonest whatever . 
  germany committed those billions to * protect german banks from a default on greek government debt in 2010 * . 
  so what the fuck are you talking about ? 
  the german government ( among others ) chose in 2010 to loan money to greece so that greece did not have to default on private debt held by german ( among other ) banks . 
  you are talking as if germany is just lending this money to greece for no real reason except `` to be nice '' when in reality the * only * reason this loan was made in 2010 was because the german government would rather risk their taxpayers money than the money of german banks . 
  if you are cynical like me , you can choose to believe this is obviously because the finance sector has a lot of lobbying power and contributes a lot for the campaigns of merkal , sch\u00e4uble * et al * . 
  your understanding of the situation is childishly uninformed . 
  in what universe is a loan an entitlement ? 
  further to which , where do you think almost all of the bailout funds went hmm ? 
  i 'll give you a clue : the original bailout in 2010 bailed out * private debt holders * including german and french banks . 
  it bailed them out at 100 % market value . 
  so after these bans took a gamble on risky greek government debt , the german and french governments decided to lend greece money with which to pay the banks out so they did n't lose a single cent . 
  then we somehow turn around and this becomes about how lazy/corrupt the * greeks * are ? 
  after they agreed to help protect german and french banks from a default ? 
  go away and read about what has happened , because you clearly have the 10 minute tabloid version in your head . 
  what was he expecting ? 
  fuck , maybe some evidence-based policy-making from the troika ? 
  instead what he got was nationalistic vitriol , non-stop . 
  where is the admission from the troika that their plan has been a giant fuckup and has actually made the situation worse ? 
  if you listen to schaeuble speak , it is like his brain is incapable of accepting facts which run contrary to his pre-conceived notion of how the programme was * intended * to work . 
  how refreshing would it have been for the troika to come into these negotiations honestly admitting that the programme has not performed like they said it would , and that the greek government has a reasonable case for wanting to adjust the terms of the programme ? 
  some of us still believe in the european union as an ideal we should strive towards . 
  the way this entire debacle has been handled , from 2010 to now , has made me feel empty inside . 
  often i heard my more left-wing friends tell me that the eu is bullshit neo-liberal smoke and mirrors . 
  i did n't want to believe it . 
  but now i do n't know what to think . 
  this project was supposed to be about bringing us all closer together , not to sacrifice the welfare of millions of greeks just because it is politically easy for the french/german/etc politicians who came up with this bullshit loan scheme in the first place . 
  well in fairness , he simply got out-muscled .
