  simple linear regression for eurozone members of change in structural balance against change in real gdp . 
  parameters estimated excluding greece . 
  see that lovely negative slope parameter ? 
  see how the line extrapolates pretty close to the greek data point ? 
  that means that we can estimate pretty much entirely the change in greek real gdp from the change in the structural balance . 
  thus , whatever residual effect is contributed by the myriad other factors you claim , is small in comparison . 
  so , you asked for some facts . 
  any comments on the facts ? 
  you do n't get to have an opinion on whether austerity works or not : it is very clear it does n't work . 
  this is n't like having an opinion about whether tarantino deserves an oscar or if katy perry is the new madonna . 
  that said , i 'm pretty much 100 % sure you have n't looked at any data in the course of forming your opinions about whether austerity is a good idea or what to think about the greek crisis in any way . 
  what does any of that have to do with the fact that the austerity programme clearly has not worked ? 
   one such economic policy is the `` imperative to break the vicious circle between banks and sovereigns '' - that is to say , to make sure that the functioning of banks does not depend on the solvency of the state this is the relevant piece , since you seemed to be battling to pick it out . 
   you thinking `` is just fluff '' does . 
  not . 
  making . 
  fluff . 
  absolutely correct ; hence i told you why it is fluff : you go and do the regressions for yourself and you can determine * statistically * what percentage of the greek gdp rate is explained by the change in structural balance , and what percentage is not explained and thus might be due to the other factors . 
  however , i guess you either do n't know how to do that sort of analysis or you are n't interested in the results because they wo n't agree with your already-decided version of how the world works . 
  sure , but then why try to turn around five years later and pretend that the banks had nothing to do with it and that the greek government and the greek people are to blame for all of this mess ? 
  where is the appreciation for the greek government of 2010 acquiescing to the bailout so to protect the solvency of german banks ? 
  why are we continuing to stubbornly follow this same fucking programme which has shown for the last five years that it does * not * work like the troika insisted it would ? 
  the entire thing is totally irrational if you consider that the greek government could have elected to default in 2010 and make any bank insolvencies in france or germany the direct problem of those governments ; their response would surely have been the same : to use the public coffers to prop up those banks by buying out the defaulted bonds . 
  however , in that case we would not have this totally fucked up dynamic where everyone now pretends like the greeks took all our money and spent it on swimming pools . 
  sounds like you did n't read the report either , at least not critically . 
  the fact that the imf tries to ` soften the blow ' for the failure of the programme by blaming it on the greek government 's inability to implement the reforms is just fluff . 
  in terms of the numbers , the change in structural balance more than explains the entire change in gdp if you compare to other eurozone economies ( you can do the regressions yourself , if you do n't believe me ) . 
  of course , if you are not willing to actually check that , then by all means you can pretend that somehow those comments about ` failures to implement the reforms ' account for the lack of gdp growth . 
  i ca n't force you to learn something and i 'm used to austerity fanatics running away from any data which might demonstrate how flimsy the entire edifice really is . 
  well , if you happen to believe that the ecb * should n't * lend any more money to those lazy/corrupt/feckless greeks , then you wo n't be particularly interested in people who say they could have done it . 
  it is much more comforting to just repeat what your local billionaire-owned media outlet told you . 
   no , i think we should be a bit more careful applying theories to real life especially when they have such a high failure rate with such huge consequences as in economics . 
  if you really believe that , then you should never , ever want to pursue austerity economics . 
  `` expansionary austerity '' is not even * textbook * macroeconomics . 
  it is some obscure and unorthodox theory which we have tested for five years in greece and proved it is wrong . 
  if you think we need to be careful about applying ` crazy theories ' to the ` real world ' then austerity is definitely one of the craziest theories . 
   what would the consequences of greece 's strategy working for portugal , spain and italy ? 
  when syriza first got elected , some people were hoping that maybe they would be able to kick-start resistance to austerity in those countries . 
  but again , politics killed it . 
  for the governments of those countries which are also doing austerity , subjecting their citizens to high unemployment and low/negative gdp growth , they do n't want to see greece change their programme and suddenly start doing better . 
  because this means that their own citizens will see they fucked up , and vote them out . 
  it 's a total fuckup for the whole of the eurozone . 
  i do n't think we should stop being skeptical of the greek government * at all * . 
  and maybe i am naive to think syriza is really different in that regard , * but * that is not what i liked about them . 
  what i liksed about them is they were willing to point out that the programme * has not worked for five years * . 
  clearly we should all be thinking of a new , better programme . 
  would you believe this is n't the first time people have debated this on / r/europe ? 
  maybe i do assume too little of the people who are insisting that the whole situation has ended up like this because all greeks are lazy , feckless and corrupt and all they want to do is steal the money of the hard-working , honest , prudent germans . 
  i mean , that does n't sound like a gross over-simplification of a complicated international-macroeconomics matter based on national stereotypes , does it ? 
  you are right , i should probably assume those people are up-to-date with the literature , the macro blogosphere and all the proposals and discussion documents of the troika and the greek government . 
  i 'm sure they are n't basing their opinion 100 % on mainstream news media and it is purely a coincidence that they can repeat , almost verbatim , the media narrative . 
  haha wow , ok so you think because economics is n't perfect , we should ignore it and just make things up as we go ? 
  you do n't get closer to a natural experiment in economics than what we have seen in greece ( and all countries doing austerity ) . 
  there is a very strong negative correlation between gdp growth and the degree of austerity , i.e. 
  more austerity causes worse gdp growth . 
  that is a simple regression fitted without greece , with the line extrapolated down to greece . 
  so the relationship is very well-evidenced . 
  you want me to believe ` austerity works ' ? 
  you better have some examples . 
  the only one i know is canada and the only reason it worked is because ... canada was able to * devalue * their currency while doing austerity . 
  greece , or any other ez member , can not do that . 
   if that 's true , why does greece now appear to be agreeing to more of the same ? 
  see my first post . 
  basically the ecb has shut down the greek banking sector by refusing to extend any more reserves to cover withdrawals . 
  central banks exist in this function to make sure that solvent banks are not subject to a self-fulfilling insolvency prophecy via bank run . 
  in other words , if my bank is solvent today and then tomorrow all my depositors get worried and withdraw money , i will go insolvent if i ca n't get reserves from the central bank . 
  the ecb refused to accept greek government debt as collateral ( which was a totally discretionary decision and not legally obliged as some people seem to think ) which forced greek banks to close and limit atm withdrawals . 
  hence my allusion to a mafia tactic . 
  by forcing the greek banking sector to shut down and threatening to never act as a central bank for greece again , the ecb was illustrating the ` end game ' which the troika has obviously intended all along : tsipras must agree to the terms or the institutions will force a default of all the banks in greece . 
   the whole situation is broken . 
  irrevocably , yes . 
  especially since the german government refuses to admit how much germany benefits from the depressed value of the euro and yet refuses to discuss fiscal transfers between member states . 
  if this situation stays like this and germany continues its `` highly advanced '' mercantilism policies fresh from the 1800s , more crises like these are simply a matter of time in euro members with trade deficits . 
  hopefully the next one will be in a country which has been an austerity ` poster boy ' like finland . 
  then maybe some of these people will snap out of their austerity delusions and agree to change . 
   either greece needs out of the euro so they can devalue their currency and rebalance their situation or the economically stronger european states need to embrace the problem as their own and subsidise it like the usa does for economically weaker states , but i ca n't see that happening without greece giving up soverinty over more of their fiscal policy than has been consumed by the euro . 
  the fiscal transfer are by far the better option of these two . 
  the mechanism for an exit from a currency union is i think unprecedented . 
  who knows how it would proceed ? 
  but , we will have a chance to revisit these discussions a few years from now ; if not in relation to greece then maybe spain , ireland , italy , portgual . 
  i ca n't answer your question , because it does n't make sense . 
  a cyclically-adjusted primary-surplus is an estimate of the primary surplus under full employment . 
  so they do n't * have * a primary surplus equal to their caps , and the difference is due to under employment . 
  that is to say , if the greek economy were to increase employment , they would move from the budget position they are in now towards the caps . 
  so what is the crisis then ? 
  the crisis is , the greek economy is not growing and is underemployed . 
  therefore it can not make 4 % payments without further cutting government spending . 
  what happens when they cut government spending ? 
  the gdp decreases by * more * than the amount that government spending is cut by . 
  so maybe cutting government spending by 4 % decreases gdp by 6 or 7 % . 
  in other words , they move even further away from being able to achieve anything like their caps . 
  so why am i showing you the caps ? 
  i 'm showing it to you because it is a measure of how much cutting they have achieved in recent years . 
  go and compare the caps now with 2010 , and be amazed at how much it has changed . 
  the entire change is due to cuts they have made in government spending . 
  i actually finished my degree quite a few years ago . 
  i 'm amused you think it is insulting to say that someone sounds like an economics student when you are ... discussing economics ? 
  one of the greatest ironies of this entire ` austerity mania ' is that it is 100 % at odds with very simple , textbook macroeconomics . 
  and yet when people come into these debates and point out the very simple , textbook economics * which predicted that austerity would not work * , supporters of austerity think it somehow defends their position to point out the very orthodox nature of the economics which discredits them ? 
  that is some really tortured logic , friend .
