  of course if there is a fiscal deficit , then it makes the crisis come sooner , but it will come even without any ` bad governance ' and simply as a result of trade imbalances . 
   but we need a guarantee that it wo n't be in vain and that it actually solves the crisis without greece knocking at the door again in a couple of years to ask for more help you are absolutely right that this wo n't be guaranteed . 
  and the reason is nothing to do with how many reforms or whatever they do or do n't do . 
  in the end , even if every ez member has a balanced budget , i.e. 
  zero fiscal deficit , but they still have a * trade * deficit , then we will see these problems in the future * unless * we design and implement a fiscal transfer mechanism which transfers trade surpluses from certain countries to other countries with trade deficits . 
  this is an * absolute necessity * for the euro to work , given that member states do not have the ability to control their exchange rates . 
  those people have been given a totally false narrative upon which to base their opinions of this entire situation . 
  i work in insurance ; for the last five years of my life i have lived solvency 2 which is a huge unifying insurance legislation directive . 
  it is designed to make sure that all across the eu , citizens can be assured of the same solvency of insurers . 
  i felt like this was truly a great thing to spend my time working towards . 
  now i sit here and see how these negotiations are descending into total mayhem , all because of what seems like one bitter old cripple is incapable of believing that his precious ideology has failed to work . 
  i do n't know if i should laugh or cry ... 
  your view on this is just childish and uninformed . 
  if you do n't understand what is happening , maybe rather keep your mouth closed and read . 
  what 's the deal with the holland/nl thing ? 
  i see lots of people with nl flair in here who do n't care , and then people making posts about how important the difference is . 
  to be clear : i * know * what holland is and what the netherlands is , but i thought many dutch people already use these terms interchangeably . 
  so what 's the bottom line, 
  i 'm very worried for you that you think * you * know more about economics than someone who won a nobel prize . 
  just how big is your head ? 
  agreed . 
  no offence to our baltic friends in this subreddit , but the political opinions of the baltic countries have zero bearing on these negotiations . 
  this looks to me like some countries that simply wish to make germany think more highly of them ; it is like sucking up to the teacher, 
  well , i 'm sure spain like anyone has some short-dated debt :p, 
  he he, 
  i 'm still not convinced she does - honestly it is impossible to tell what she herself wants . 
  i think she will just do whatever she thinks will work out best politically . 
  however , this is a test which is truly designed to sink her style of ` leadership ' : she can only choose between a policy which might be popular domestically but hugely damaging for germany 's international sature ; or a policy which will enhance germany 's international stature as a cool-headed and magnanimous negotiator but will probably mean her party loses many seats in next elections . 
  in the end , i 'm glad she will get fucked somehow no matter what she does . 
  just shows that german nationalism is still very strong ? 
  i think a lot of non-germans are voting you down . 
  in reality , merkel is of course well-known for keeping her own views of * anything * private until it is clear which is the best answer politically, 
  it must be so nice to live in your version of the world where everything is so simple , hmm ? 
  i saw some source saying that this entity was only set up two years ago and it was championed by ws and some prevous greek pm , i think samsaras ( spelling ? 
  part of being civilised is not always shouting all your opinions all the time . 
  in the end , does it really matter if the finns believe something extreme but never act on it ? 
  i suppose in the end , in these things , there is always an element of economics . 
  thank you for your comments , 
  i do n't know what you mean by that really . 
  maybe we would not pretend to ourselves that we actually have any kind of ` pan europeanism ' or anything like this if we were always pursuing nationalistic agendas ? 
  possibly, 
  thanks . 
  i base most of what i know from an old bbc documentary called ` the death of yugoslavia ' . 
  i do n't know if you have seen it ? 
  findland and slovakia are just the peanut gallery here . 
  if germany was not taking this extreme position , those countries would never dare to either . 
  this is my opinion . 
  do you have any good sources i can read ? 
  it seems maybe what i think i know about yugoslavia is not so accurate . 
  since when is this ? 
  yesterday a lot of dutch people on here told me no , the dutch government s publicly opposed to a grexit ? 
  i 'm curious about this , maybe you can tell me . 
  the finnish economy is in the toilet now and the government is promising more austerity . 
  why do normal finns think the economy is struggling so much and do they think austerity is going to help ? 
  at this rate , his legacy can be the man who destroyed the euro . 
  somehow i do n't think this is his intention ? 
  i 've come to realise that the warnings of my more left-wing friends that the eu is all bullshit neoliberal smoke and mirrors was essentially true . 
  i feel ... empty in some way . 
  i ca n't believe it . 
  well , look how th situation in yugoslavia developed from nothing to full-blown war in a short time , over what ? 
  not even * money * , just nationalistic * feelings * . 
  if you think people have changed so much in 20 years , i fear you will be disappointed . 
  i do n't really understand why a balanced budget is something to be proud of when interest rates are zero ? 
  this is the time for the government to be borrowing as much money as it possibly can , for 10 , 20 , 30 , 50 year maturities and using it to improve the lives of the people of germany . 
  typical greeks !, 
  oh wait , what ? 
  of course , the average finn is not really equipped to understand this . 
  they also just elected another government committing to further austerity , so i think they deserve whatever they get at this point . 
  if that kind of mentality really does rule in the german thinking , one should ask a complementary question : maybe it is germany which should leave the euro ? 
  no , i doubt that . 
  already , economists around the world ( apart from the twilight-zone of economics within germany itself ) are all on the same page here : the ` austerian ' approach to this entire crisis has been a ludicrous faillure . 
  perhaps germany can control the media narrative about this for a few years , but there is no way they can affect the way the rest of the world ( and the anglosphere in * particular * ) interpret this crisis . 
  germany will continue to tell itself the same national fairytales but the economics on this are just too clear at this point for anyone looking back to think tsipras really had any major impact on the situation at all . 
  i suppose in the end you need to ask yourself : is this one of those times where popular opinion is important ? 
  i mean ; what does the layman know about international macroeconomics ? 
  evidence suggests that even the finance ministers of the eurogroup themselves are woefully ignorant , given the approaches they have insisted on so far . 
  well , unluckily for the true finns , i do n't think that would really bother the french/germans/italians . 
  the internal politics of finland can not dictate the principles of the eurozone . 
  i 'm sure if slovakia insists on making itself a pariah , that will be noted and the remaining large states will proceed to work around it . 
  realistically though , the finlands and slovakias will vote with germany . 
  they do n't have the political capital to oppose on their own . 
  heyyyyyy inter-language jokes . 
  now that 's what the eu should be all about, 
  i guess the funny/sad part is that , outside of germany , herr sinn is considered to be a crackpot ... 
  i just find it amazing that someone who has risen so high in the political ranks can be so uncompromising, 
  so he wants to be the next chancellor , at his age ? 
  i 'm not sure . 
  you might be right though . 
  this might be the real explanation . 
  i need to read some more . 
  thanks for the calm discussion , 
  i 'm sure you can google this for yourself, 
  do you have a source for this ? 
  i need to catch up some :p, 
  my understanding is that , if you pass the stress test , you are eligible for ela . 
  they ca n't conduct a stress test every week - they are intermittent . 
  so unless you fail a stress test , how can you be denied ela * in the stress event like this * ? 
  it seem to make the whole process a waste of time . 
  you can pass stress test , get eligibility for ela , then in the stress event you are considered insolvent and do n't get ela ?? 
  so why even bother trying to pass the stress test in the first place if the ecb can just ` make it up ' ?
