  ehhh done quite well ? 
  0.1 % gdp growth annual at the moment . 
  less than france . 
   it 's a lot easier to influence your gdp when you 're responsible for the majority of it . 
  when your gdp relies on your trading partners economy not going to down the shitter , then it 's much more out of your hands . 
  which kind of makes you question the wisdom of the german approach here , does it not ? 
  since that approach has been to basically * ensure * that the economies of many of their trading partners is in the toilet, 
   keynesianism , or at least significant aspects of it , are accepted by pretty much all mainstream economists and governments . 
  nope . 
  you are so sure of yourself and so , so wrong . 
  the funny part here is that if what yv was presenting in those meetings is the same stuff from his blog , then * it was yv presenting the mainstream economics * and the eurogroup which has adopted a heterodox position . 
  crazy . 
  i think you missing the point here . 
  but that is ok , i suppose . 
  you can lead a horse to water but you can not make it drink . 
  i 'm glad you realised this , 
   the german trade surplus mostly comes from trade with non-eu countries . 
  are you arguing with a ghost or something ? 
  anyway , i do n't feel like i should try to explain this to you if i can point you to paul krugman on the topic [ here ] ( http://nyti.ms/12iogzr ) and you can find your own way through the rest of the discussion on the blogosphere and in the literature if you ar actually interested . 
  of course , maybe in your fairytale reality paul krugman is also a ` communist ' instead of a nobel-prize winning macroeconomist who specialised for many years in * international trade macro * . 
  so maybe he knows a few things about it . 
   number one reason citied in the same document is that greece did not put the program properly in place and did not fulfilled the requirements asked so you think instead they will say , ` hey everyone , look how badly we fucked up ! ', 
  if you are interested , there is a basica explanation by paul krugman [ here ] ( http://nyti.ms/1ujwbja ) of why this is just purely the imf covering their ass . 
  this regression is of course a very ` simple ' way to measure the effect , but it clearly shows that just by considering the degree of fiscal consolidation , we can predict very closely the change in greek gdp . 
  so whatever portion of under-performance is due to other factors can only be very small in comparison . 
  corrected . 
  i would have sworn he died :d, 
  you are right , i should recite this to myself every morning or something, 
  yeah , this crisis has showed something for sure in my opinion : germany wants to act big on the international stage but the political culture lacks the magnanimity for this . 
  consider if the germans instead approached this episode by granting extensive debt relief and a ` new deal ' for greece which resulted in a recovery of the greek economy . 
  they do n't consider that history will judge this better than the petty austerity politics and dictating ? 
  it is crazy , really . 
  yeah , i was feeling a bit fatalistic yesterday . 
  i just really do n't understand why he is doing this , when evidence is clear that his austerity plans are total garbage . 
  obviously , i was talking facetiously . 
  but more to make the point : germany is quick to claim that everyone * else * is the problem and never seems to admit for one second that the persistant trade surplus is also a problem . 
  macroeconomics in germany is in the twilight zone . 
  do n't worry , i do n't expect anything like that :p, 
  do you believe that these foreign investors are more important than employment in the eurozone ? 
  i see you failed to understand my post entirely . 
  first , it does n't matter who has the surplus and who has the deficit , the effect will be the same . 
  second , calling people who disagree with you ` communists ' is just childish . 
  i work for deloitte , for fuck 's sake . 
  third , what is the german trade surplus within the eurozone , hmm ? 
  how can i even claim to have a credible opinion on such a thing ? 
  i 'm not as egotistical as you . 
   is it the eu project as a whole that you do n't believe in any more or is it wolfgang sch\u00e4uble ? 
  obviously i was feeling quite fatalistic yesterday . 
  the ideals of the european project are of course something i support . 
  but i do not believe the entire euro crisis , not just greece , has been handled very badly by the institutions . 
   we do n't need less eu , we need a deeper , stronger eu . 
  i agree , but the way this entire eurozone crisis is being handled does * not * take the form of a deeper stronger eu from my point of view . 
  it seems to reflect the opinion that what germany says , goes . 
  to make it more interesting , this fund was set up by ws and samaras . 
  so now i 'm very skeptical of this whole thing . 
  thank you for your nuanced views . 
  kohl criticised merkel very strongly about her approach to the euro crisis ~ ~ before his death . ~ ~, 
  at this point , that would be fantastic for the eurozone economy, 
   it also did n't get implemented as asked . 
  no , this is not true . 
  greece has done more fiscal consolidation than any other country in the ez . 
  look [ here ] ( https://i.imgur.com/vtwvqqe.png ) for the imf 's own estimates of the cyclically adjusted primary surplus . 
  greece is the highest . 
  this did n't happen by magic ; it is because they * did more austerity than anyone else * . 
  if you think they ` played poker ' , i think you are missing the point . 
  the troika programme * did not work * . 
  so they want to negotiate a new programme which will work . 
  not just blindly accept the old programme again . 
  it wo n't magically work this time if it already failed for five years ... 
  good thing you are just some guy on the internet and not a statesman with that attitude , hmm ? 
  this is one of those times you realise the politicians are not experts on * anything * in particular , they just have very nice suit-and-ties and they speak seriously and use the right jargon words . 
  but when we get true crisis like this and we see they have no idea what to do * really * , then it is just obvious maybe we could take 30 people from this forum , swap them with the finance ministers , and the meetings would go quite similarly ... 
  the interesting dynamic at this point is more like : france and italy are finally standing up to the germans and refusing to consider ` kicking greece out ' . 
  if france and germany can not align on this , this is fatal for the euro and the eu in spirit . 
  the french position will surely be judged as the correct one by history . 
  so what is the german government really doing here ? 
  are they so ignorant to believe history will consider their actions here ` right ' ? 
  this has caused more damage to german 's international reputation than ... 
  i do n't think anything since the war ??? 
  maybe other posters can suggest some other examples of worse stuff, 
  syriza not in power sine then , friend . 
  can not blame them for failure of previous government, 
  germany is a healthy economy now ? 
  annual gdp change 0.1 % ... 
  i think you should reconsider your opinion of the german ` economists ' involved in this thing . 
  they are the same people who came up with the greek ` rescue plan ' which took the gdp : debt ratio from 120 % to 175 % . 
  these people have no fucking idea what they are doing ; they just wear a very nice suit and tie and sound very serious , so they hope you do n't realise that they have no idea really . 
  yes , so i mean how ridiculous is this whole thing . 
  ws wants to pretend he is some kind of prudent guardian of the euro , when in reality he is convicted of taking irregular political donations and now he wants to force greece to sell assets into a fund he set up with the corrupt former greek pm . 
  it is like some kind of james bond story ?? 
  see , i don ' ; t get why it is holland in football !, 
  oh well , i suppose it does n't need to make sense, 
  if it makes you feel any better , know that there are people all over europe today who are sickened by how our ` leaders ' are behaving ; although it is not limited to today , these last events have just made it so clear what germany * really * thinks of the eu . 
  it is obviously just a convenient thing for our government now . 
  i wonder what kohl would think if he could see this ... 
  so i can see you swallowed the media narrative on this completely . 
  if you think this has anything to do with ` lazy greeks ' or ` corrupt greek government ' , you are missing the point . 
  i do n't know if you realise this but : within the euro , even if every member has a balanced budget i.e. 
  zero fiscal deficit , if there are trade imbalances , i.e. 
  some states with perpetual trade surplus and others with perpetual trade deficit , then these kind of crises will be inevitable .
