  i thought the imf was already not interested in participating in the next round of funding unless debt relief was included ? 
  but that is interesting to note , thanks . 
  i think you are wrong . 
  if france and italy vote in favour and germany opposes , the euro is finished . 
  this is the part i do n't understand : why is he acting this way ? 
  what is the benefit to him ? 
  nope , he was basically shamed out of his role to succeed kohl , or usurped by merkel depending who you ask . 
  you should go and read about it . 
  i think he has done a lot of pr to re-brand himself as some ` integrity ' politician , but in reality he is the same as all of them . 
  got ta be , 
   but on the other hand , is it possible for every member to have the euro ? 
  if that leads to even one more greece-like situation , then clearly not . 
  definitely , yes . 
  but this also requires the end of german stubbornness over how to deal with ez-wide crises like this . 
  let us be clear : it is germany who is as much of a problem in this situation as greece . 
  i 've got a total renzi-boner now , i hope he does n't leave me with blue balls, 
  you misunderstand the purpose of the euro , or indeed the eu . 
  the purpose is to foster economic ties which make living without each other impossible . 
  what message are we sending if we simply kick out members who are in trouble or who challenge the orthodoxy ? 
  in fact , we do n't even have a mechanism to kick greece off the euro * apart * from causing to total banking meltdown in greece by refusing them access to euro cash resevres for their banks . 
  so there is no ` orderly exit ' on the table , only total pandaemonium . 
  if this is what the ez chooses , then it is finished . 
  the euro will diminish in membership probably until it is only germany and some eastern european states and baltics who use it . 
  there will no longer be any reason for france/spain/italy etc to shackle themselves to the euro ` gold standard ' for germany 's benefit . 
   maybe the countries actually interested in a united europe and not just participation in the free market ( uk ) or free money ( greece ) can then build that united europe ? 
  naive , i think . 
  economics trumps politics in the end . 
  the euro at the moment is basically suffocating all economies in the ez apart from germany , and germany is totally unwilling to consider the measures which would circumvent this . 
  so we will be the architects of the downfall of the euro if we carry on like this , i fear . 
  nah , this is clearly down to the german vote . 
  italy and france in favour , i think spain and nl also in favour . 
  so germany has this choice : veto the decision of all these countries , or agree . 
  the position of finland and slovakia is totally irrelevant . 
  well the political reality is simpler , to be honest . 
  if the veto countries are split , we are in trouble . 
  if the veto countries all agree , then they * will * get the votes of all the other countries . 
  finland will not dare to be the only dissenting vote , i think . 
  fortunately , the voting is based on rights , which are in turn based on the financial contributions of the various states . 
  in reality , the only three votes which matter are those of germany , france and italy . 
  what i think will be interesting is if it becomes clear that france and italy are in favour and germany is opposed . 
  the small countries with vocal ministers like finland and slovakia ( ? ), 
  are basically irrelevant since there is only 85 % in favour required , not unanimity . 
  so you agree with the article then : the stress tests are meaningless ? 
  i do n't think he represents the majority opinion though , from what i have seen, 
  i think they get to cry about how shit the programme has been . 
  we should expect our institutions to do a better job than what they have done . 
  the old programme * constantly * underperformed its own projections . 
  what the fuck ? 
  if i submitted projections as shitty as that , i would lose my job ... 
  the question is though : if germany really does vote to oppose and franc and italy vote in favour , where will these small states go ? 
  what if i told you that your economy is struggling for * exactly the same reasons * that the greek economy is struggling ? 
  well , not entirely , but a crucial reason is the inability of ez members to devalue their currency for competitiveness . 
  in addition to that , of course , your government keeps voting for more austerity while your economy is depressed , which of course depresses it further . 
  so , ironically , the same system of fiscal transfers which the greeks have been arguing for would also help finland at a time like now . 
  i think that is quite amusing , really . 
  there is going to be total armageddon if germany vetoes and france and italy vote in favour . 
  that will be the beginning of the end of the euro and the eu . 
  if that is how finns choose to interpret this , then they need to have the proper dialogue in their political sphere . 
  mayb part of the problem is that successive governments there have given the finnish population the wrong impression about the greek situation and now it is coming back to bite them in the ass ? 
  that was addressed in a piece linked on the ft [ here ] ( http://ftalphaville.ft.com/2015/07/02/2133491/greece-shows-ecbs-stress-tests-were-nonsense/ ) . 
  you know , in english it is quick to write greek exit , but that is not true for all of us ;d, 
  is nl confirmed in favour ? 
  i 'm going to bed now . 
  i 'm really quite honestly waiting for you to tell me what you think would be convincing proof . 
  maybe you could start by explaining * why * you do n't think the regression i gave you is convincing . 
  that should be easy enough for you to explain . 
  otherwise how should i know * what in particular * you do n't find convincing and i should therefore try to explain ? 
  for example , if you said to me you do n't understand what the regression has to do with the topic * at all * , or if you said you do n't think the data are correct for making this comparison , or if you said you do n't think the assumptions of the method are suitable for this analysis etc etc. 
  to simply say `` you have only posted useless drivel '' when i have in fact posted something analytical to which you have not responded , then claim i am the one who is not arguing in good faith ; like i said , it is very amusing . 
  haha , do n't worry . 
  i 'm not really too worried what the average / r/europe poster thinks , given that most of them have zero economics training in the first place . 
  as for you , i did make a good faith effort to find out what you actually want to see , but you have n't given me any specifics . 
  you do n't think a regression of fiscal consolidation versus change in gdp ( which shows good fit across all ez members including greece ) is convincing , and you ca n't tell me what you * would * find convincing . 
  anyway . 
  ah well , if you ca n't even tell me what you would consider convincing , i think we are just wasting each other 's time here . 
  i 'm not going to compile 30 pages of stuff for you to look at and decide if you think it is convincing . 
  i think i am happy to just disappoint you in that case . 
  and what would you consider valid justification , given that you do n't seem to care about the statistical relationship between fiscal consolidation and change in gdp ? 
  i mean , if you ca n't actually define some criteria that would convince you , we are wasting our time here . 
  which statement ? 
  called me out on what ? 
  i 'm also not ` running for the hills ' . 
  i just have no idea what you are actually talking about any more . 
  what are you actually asking me ? 
  i give up - sorry . 
  i do n't know what you are even talking about now . 
  maybe your english is n't that good ? 
  i 'm not sure what question you are asking me . 
   what is `` working '' in that context ? 
  haha , how about we assess the programme 's [ outcome against its own projections ] ( http://i.imgur.com/ryaflxz.png ) ? 
  i do n't know what kind of work you do , but if i had submitted a business projection which had performed as badly as that , i would probably have lost my job . 
  yet somehow , the troika does n't think they fucked up ( apart from the imf , who are also now admitting that greece needs urgent debt restructuring ) . 
   so the question whether austerity worked or not is irrelevant . 
  why did we ask them to do it then ? 
  like , what are you even talking about now ? 
  it seems like you just do n't actually understand what that regression is showing you . 
  do you have any economics or statistical training ? 
  i 'm not sure where to even begin trying to explain this to you . 
  i mean , i think it 's funny you do n't think a nobel-prize winner can estimate some regression coefficients . 
  haha , see [ here ] ( https://i.imgur.com/kgajoes.png ) for a start .
