  this for me is the utter hypocrisy of this weekend 's talk about ` the currency of trust ' . 
  they trusted samaras and papaendreou ? 
  are they kidding me ? 
  fascinating . 
  is this the american involvement now making itself known ? 
  i doubt that the americans are too pleased with how the squabbling and self-serving eurogroup members handled this ... 
  no , the debt picture was ridiculous long before that . 
  the fact that it increased from 130 % to 170 % during the programme was already signalling this . 
  fascinating . 
  i think this will be the impetus needed for the ` real deal ' we all need , complete with debt relief . 
  the imf should have put this analysis forward earlier . 
  i honestly believe the greeks do n't give a damn whether the imf is in or out , but were using it as a negotiation tactic to ` concede ' on in order to extract concession on the ` wealth fund ' . 
  also , more competition among bakeries !, 
  why do n't you lazy greeks let your bakeries compete in the free market of baked goods !, 
  i think the problem with that version of events is that merkel could have achieved the same end result without doing any of this ` stategising ' you are suggesting . 
  and you are papering over some cracks here ; she has * not * secured re-election , sch\u00e4uble has now publicly broken position with her , and the franco-german relations have been extremely strained if we believe what we see in the newspapers . 
  i think tsipras was given very little room to maneuver lately . 
  i think they did overestimate the strength of their negotiating position at first , but i think they have achieved some interesting outcomes which may still work in their favour , as / u/lustschloss points out above, 
  i 've read his blogs - i do n't think most of what he says is particularly ` out there ' to be honest . 
  from a macroeconomics point of view , it is largely quite sensible . 
  obviously i do n't share all his politics , but i 'm not going to claim this reduces his opinions to ` delusional bullshit ' . 
  i think / u/aenor alludes to this in his post above ; rumours that lagarde 's position is now precarious . 
   and how is syriza really any different ? 
  from what i understand , their promises of getting a hairline off their debt , promises of reducing taxes to pre-bailout levels , promises of returning pensions ... these are all turning out to be lies told to the people in order to get elected no no , that i do n't think is a fair appraisal . 
  i would say syriza was idealistic ; naive in the political machinations of the eurogroup . 
  i believe they were sincere in their wish to get a ` new deal ' for greece , and that they severely over-estimated the leverage they had to negotiate with . 
  this does n't make them * liars * , it just makes them * wrong * . 
  important distinction regarding intent , i think . 
   and i would appreciate if you would elaborate on why you feel it 's flawed to assess the `` fairness '' of bailing greece out . 
  this is just a can of worms , to me . 
  as an economist , my idea of what is fair is probably not the same as the man on the street . 
  fair in this context for me would mean , what is the best possible outcome for * all * european citizens ? 
  say we could deduce this - which is itself a whole other exercise , but say we can . 
  would those same citizens necessarily recognise this outcome as the best for everyone ? 
  consider : public opinion in many countries ( germany , nl , finland ) has been driven by a media narrative which trivialises the economics and emphasises the ` morals ' of this story . 
  to the point where we now hear more about the moral aspects than the economics . 
  in fact , the whole response of the eurozone countries to this crisis has been driven by the german ` ordoliberal ' approach , which is very rules-focused and rooted in moral philosophy . 
  arguably , this approach has been a complete and * predictable * failure . 
  there is simple , graduate-level economics which could have been applied as a solution and could not have yielded a worse outcome , but the * moral * connotations of that approach are probably difficult for many people to accept : we should be borrowing more , spending more , trying desperately to ` overheat ' the eurozone to kick start the economy into life . 
  but this is something which is politically not welcome and further not ` intuitively obvious ' . 
  so a discussion of what is fair is fraught . 
  to me , the whole response so far has been unfair to * all of us * and most unfair to those who have had to bear the worst of it , i.e. 
  the greeks . 
  so i do n't really see how the notion of fairness can be invoked to drum up ... sympathy ? 
  or something , for the populations of , say , germany or the netherlands who have seen no * quantifiable negatives * from the lending to greece , apart from the number of sensational headlines in the newspapers . 
   just pay attention to the delusional bullshit varoufakis keeps posting on his blog oh yeah , this is how you convince me to consider your opinions . 
  one the one hand , i have this world-famous economist who has spent time at oxford among other places , and the other hand i have you , the guy from the internet with the swearwords . 
   but hey , if you want to give credit to demagogue bloggers like varoufakis , go right ahead . 
  yes , it seems like you have formed a proper evidence-based opinion of yv ; there is nothing ideological about your dislike of him at all . 
  you did 99 % , i only did 1 % !, 
  check out his post history . 
  that is not someone you should be jumping up to defend . 
   except greece wo n't actually implement those reforms , so what 's the point how do you see the future like this ? 
  magic ? 
   so you are one of those people ? 
  we are n't germany 's little bitch . 
  sending more money to greece is unpopular in a lot of countries and not just germany . 
  no , i think in this you are kidding yourself . 
  clearly germany is calling the shots in the eurogroup at the moment and many countries are happy to follow the german position without making too many waves . 
  well , nothing has passed greek parliament yet , friend . 
  given this leaked imf report and so forth , i think we might have some developments still . 
  i would be * very * surprised if they did n't . 
  in fact , no , i will go further : they must have thought that . 
  regardless of the politics at the top level , the economists at the imf can crunch numbers and since their revision of the fiscal multiplier estimates ... two years ago ( ? ), 
  they must have drawn this conclusion, 
  remember all the theorising about yv and his ` game theory ' background ? 
  how fun would it be if * this * was their endgame ? 
  not just the obvious stuff about negotiations in the eurogroup meetings etc , but banking on these truly * wild west * moves . 
  i ca n't answer your questions , because they presuppose things i think are incorrect . 
  this for example :  but is it fair to keep asking europe to bail the people out because their government is holding them hostage ? 
  is a total clusterfuck of a question . 
  i 'm super keen to explain my understanding of the situation to you , but i need you to ... ask questions which do not take for granted certain things which we do not agree on ? 
  for example : the entire narrative about whether it is ` fair ' for europe to ` bail them out ' is fundamentally flawed , to me . 
  that is the greatest official acronym for a thing ever, 
  hmm , i do n't think we can be sure either way really . 
  the sad part is that the eurogroup is even forcing this to be considered . 
  at this point , it is clear that the debt needs to be written down . 
  to delay this is pure politics . 
  you are really trying very hard to weave a narrative which does not exist here , in my view . 
  this is a telephonic interview , but you are insisting on dissecting it as if it is a written piece . 
  i 'm sure if i record you speaking you will , from time to time , speak in a way which we could also dissect * ad nauseum * after the fact and accuse you of being evasive or insincere or , well , anything really . 
  anyway , you seem to be on a bit of a crusade today , i just realised it is you who i am talking to on the other thread . 
   first , that is n't what that adage means though . 
  the adage is usually about not causing a panic when there is no need to panic . 
  in this case , there was reason to panic . 
  what is the reason to panic ? 
  by the time of that interview , the banks were closed . 
  why would you prefer if yv instead of trying to play it cool , said ` no we are fucked , the banks will remain closed until we accept the creditors proposals , the referendum is a waste of time ' ? 
   it depends on what those beliefs were based on . 
  well , i think * plenty * of people were surprised that the ecb elected to * contribute * to the financial instability in greece instead of acting to mitigate it . 
  i know i was . 
  at no point when i heard that interview did i think yv was * lying * . 
  clearly he was wrong , but to err is human . 
  so besides this example , which as i said i do not find convincing at all , what else have you got ? 
  if this is it , i do n't think it is enough to make a case on . 
  or let me ask an inversion of the question : what evidence would you need to see to believe yv is not the liar you claim ? 
  thanks, 
  i do n't mean to be rude , but i can see you do n't know what you are talking about . 
  i think you would benefit from reading about the political landscape in greece , in that case . 
  the country is essentially a plutocracy ruled by an immensely rich political elite .
