  i think * this * time , by magic , if we do the same thing we will get * different results * !, 
  i should be a eurogroup finance minister . 
  you do n't understand do you ? 
  what is the purpose of this entire bailout from 2010 onwards ? 
  to help the greek people ? 
  or to save the banks who were holding all that greek debt ? 
  why should we sacrifice the living standads of ten million fellow europeans to bail out the shareholders of french and german banks who were * stupid * enough to buy a fuckload of greek debt and then cry when greece was about to default in 2010 ? 
  this entire programme from day 1 was simply to help avoid german banks having losses from defaults on greek government debt . 
  if you think it is about anything else , you are politically naive . 
  why the fuck would anyone want to weaken workers ' rights and privatise state assets ? 
  are you some kind of gordon gekko wannabe ? 
  i 'm sure you are simply an ordinary * worker * like almost everyone else in this world , but you are here arguing that we should fuck over other workers ? 
  will you have the same attitude when it is your turn to get fucked ? 
  what is the point of this union again ? 
  we just crucify the members who have problems and pretend that the rest of us have no involvement ? 
  the troika has no responsibility to help solve the problems , they can just cause problems ? 
  you realise many of the questions above are out of the hands of the greek government if they accept the existing programme , right ? 
  actually , you probably do n't realise that . 
  ah , so you demand answers to these vague and controversial questions from one side of the deal but excuse the people on the other side from considering them . 
  maybe this is the approach of the troika too . 
  no wonder they have been totally incapable of helping greece to solve the problem . 
  instead the greeks should just shut up and get fucked in the ass for some more years ? 
  haha , stubb the neo-liberal who has overseen a complete stagnaiton of the finnish economy and whose party got hammered in recent elections ? 
  that is your good example of an economically literate leader ? 
  varoufakis is a published academic economist and blows all these finmins out of the water . 
  half the problem here is that the finmins actually have * no real grasp * of the macroeconomics . 
  they all just like to say ` serious ' soundbites for the news . 
  i 've watched a lot of interviews with him and i do believe he is a reasonable academic . 
  which suggests to me that the issue here is not that the greeks are unwilling to negotiate but rather that the troika is unwilling to negotiate . 
  from day 1 , schaeuble/dijsselbloem et al have conceded almost nothing from the previous programme . 
  how can we call it negotiation if one side never changes its position ? 
  surely even the most reasonable person can lose his temper after months of frustrated negotiations when it becomes clear that the other side was never negotiating in good faith and simply planned to keep their terms fixed all along ? 
  ah , so you are just another person who thinks the greek government got e320b for themselves . 
  in reality how much of that money was simply used to pay private creditors ( i.e. 
  including many german and french banks ) hmm ? 
  you should go and look before you open your mouth here again and show everyone that you have n't actually read too much about the whole situation . 
  just goes to show that germany is still too immature as a society to be considered for global geopolitics . 
  i hope the imf simply steps in and pushes the ec and ecb aside and shows them how they are acting like spoiled children and ruining the lives of millions of innocent greeks in the process . 
  all for what ? 
  to show who has the biggest balls ? 
   eventually the economy stops shrinking and further along the line nope . 
  austerity doctrine is clearly wrong . 
  anyone who still believe it works at this point is either an imbecile or , to quote upton sinclair : `` it is difficult to get a man to understand something , when his salary depends upon his not understanding it ! '', 
   what happens when the ecb pulls the plug ? 
  that will be a totally * discretionary * decision by the ecb . 
  they are not obligated to do it . 
  why on earth would they choose to do such a thing ? 
  it is unconscionable . 
  you should stop eating the shit you hear on the news , to be honest . 
  if you want to understand his positions here , check out his blog . 
  after all , the man is an economist . 
  who the fuck are you to argue about economics with an economist ? 
  do you argue physics with a physicist ? 
  you are being naive if you think these negotiations are taking place on 100 % economic grounds . 
  some german officials have been quite open about hoping to see the downfall of the ` extreme leftist ' government of syriza and instead have a more ` mainstream ' government elected , i.e. 
  a government which will do the bidding of the troika and continue to make the poorest members of greek society pay for the loans made to bail out the german banks who bought greek government bonds . 
   where are the long-term goals ? 
  how do they plan to attract foreign capital ? 
  what will they do to stop the brain drain ? 
  which key industries are fit to provide growth ? 
  how are they planning to provide stimulus after a debt relief and/or cutting of eu funds due to non-compliance ? 
  did they consider the oecd suggestitions on how to make the tax system and public sector more efficient ? 
  if so , how do they plan to put them into action ? 
  how do they plan to tackle pension and productivity problems ? 
  is there actually anything quantifiable in this vision ? 
  do you demand answers to these questions from the troika ? 
  because they are also not giving answers for this . 
  they are simply saying : austerity will work regardless of the fact that it has not worked in the last five years ; we need five more years of it . 
  i think it is amusing you claim this is n't ` rocket science ' and yet fail to understand the nuances . 
  thanks for all the economics in your post . 
  really insightful . 
  what a contribution, 
  that is a bold claim . 
  care to back it up ? 
  why are people downvoting this ? 
  did n't realise the finmins of the eg were on reddit, 
  sure , i fully support that . 
  i do n't mean that i think he should go to prison ` for life ' . 
  i think we should try to help him rehabilitate , and he should see how terrible this thing he has done is . 
  i prefer that if the police can subdue him without killing him , that he could live the rest of his life knowing what he did . 
  in the usa i think they sometimes call this ` suicide by cop ' i.e. 
  forcing the police to kill you . 
  i think it is much better that he goes to prison . 
  so sad ; thoughts go out to those affected . 
  as another commenter pointed out : we have ceded so much privacy in the name of protecting ourselfs from acts of terrorism with a capital t , but this idiot can still accomplish this, 
   do they think that his introduction of secularism was his `` mistake '' , like how some south africans think of mandela for allowing gay rights eh ? 
  i have n't heard this mandela/gay rights thing before and i grew up in south africa . 
  can you elaborate ? 
  maybe i 'm being dense . 
  what are we talking here ? 
  thanks for the link , i do n't speak finnish unfortunately , 
  on a related note , why so many drug related deaths in the nordics ? 
  is the uk stuff ireland related ? 
  it is a bit old fashioned, 
  oooh no we ca n't mention black on black historical crimes , that wo n't do, 
  you scum !, 
  i have never tried cross country it looks like too much work :p, 
  ohhhhhhhhhh duhhhhhhhhh of course you people do cross country ;d makes much more sense, 
  it sounds dangerous , but i think i would like to try it actually . 
  headlamp eh ...
