  there was definitely something called the ira at the time that ireland became independent , but obviously not the same ira from later ? 
  i wish there was video of this ; seeing ws get lectured by mario would be so , so sweet, 
  agreed on all points . 
  the funniest/saddest part is that the ecb can print this money from thin air tomorrow and gift it all to greece , no string attached , and solve the crisis instantly , and with probably no effect on inflation or anything . 
  but no , they must pay !, 
  please stick this bild garbage up your ass and fuck off - thanks, 
  you need to compare real gdp , not nominal, 
  that is fantastic , i love it, 
  it depends on the nature of the crisis , to be honest . 
  the us federal government does not simply take control of state governments , as far as i know . 
  you would need to show me some precedents for me to believe that, 
   hollande and tusk transparently played good cop to merkel and sch\u00e4uble 's bad cop . 
  i do n't know if it is really that , but you are right that in the end even though some people stodd up for the greek cause , the end result is basically a complete waste of time since it will do nothing to help the situation in greece at all . 
  well , the ira might have had something to do with that . 
  they did ' t kick ireland out ... 
   for example , take paul krugman 's nyt pieces since the eurocrisis started : he 's been predicting the total breakdown of the euro since 2009 ( i wish i were kidding ) i think you have forgotten what it was like back then before the ecb stepped up and acted like a proper central bank . 
  it was crazy times when it seemed like the default of greece , portugal , spain , italy , ireland etc was just a matter of time . 
  if that * had * happened , do you think the euro would have survived ? 
  why is that a problem ? 
  he gets these economics ideas to many people who would otherwise not see them . 
  if he wrote his column in the style of a journal , do you think it would have so much readership ? 
  i think you ca n't legitimately accuse him of * telling a false story * even if he must simplify sometimes . 
  his columns on obamacare , for example , usually relies on data to prove his point . 
  he is actually one of the best predictors in the public sphere , according to some studies i have seen . 
   by 2005 or so , it will become clear that the internet 's impact on the economy has been no greater then the fax machine 's . 
  well , how do we measure this ? 
  you are just saying it like it is obvious he is wrong . 
  sure the internet is awesome , but from the point of view of gdp or whatever , did it really make a difference ? 
  greeks lower than russians ? 
  wow . . !, 
  no , there is nothing to be * proud * about being a german . 
  it is the wrong word . 
  i could also argue like this : how was it possible that the greeks can sell bonds at the same rate as germany in 2008 and yet in 2010 they are being charged 20 % interest ? 
  is this also their fault that the market decides * somehow * that in 2008 greece is a safe borrower and two years later they are terrible ? 
  also , if the ecb * did the job of lender of last resort from the start * then the greeks would not need this bailout package at all . 
  your version of events is pure bild . 
  are you even interested in how this crisis happened or are you just one of the people who believes this is because of ` lazy corrupt greeks stole our pension ' ? 
   eu members act like fair weather friends . 
  this is clear more than ever . 
  i think because throgh the 90s and up to 2008 the world was fairly ` ok ' we did n't see too many opportunities for the eu to be tested . 
  since 2008 and the ukraine crisis , the eu has failed totally to show convincing and decisive leadership on these things ... 
  no , i think these things you claim will all need to be backed up with precedents . 
  i do n't believe the federal government has the extent of powers you claim here . 
  i think some of us do ` get ' it , but how to pass such legislation through the parliaments of the member states ? 
  makes us look really like the right people to lead the eu , huh ? 
  at least we could say the brits are open about it ? 
  i am surprised by how germany has handled this entire eurozone crisis , especially these last days, 
  idk , battle of jutland ? 
   they lack aircraft carriers , crucial for force projection , and have no nuclear arsenal of their own , which is a big deal . 
  is this still true in the modern world ? 
  i mean , carriers are impressive but i was under the impression they are basically regarded as big floating targets these days ? 
   the eurocrisis is the first major example of germany sort of taking up the mantle as the unofficial leader of the eu . 
  and oh how we have fucked the dog ... 
  i 'm worried you think it is more important for someone to be ` serious ' than * correct * . 
  but anyway , i do n't really have the energy for this discussion . 
   what has been terrible with the eurocrisis is that a ) the uk was not involved and b ) france was too weak financially to lead , leaving germany to , however reluctantly , take the reins itself , in front of a collection of smaller countries . 
  i can only dream of a situation where the uk had been involved in this whole mess . 
  for one , maybe the idiotic obsession with austerity would have taken a back seat to actual , you know , macroeconomics . 
  ah well . . 
   eu versus usa will soon seem a pointless comparison as the former can not cope with any problems , has ridiculously indecisive leaders and such a weak power that nobody respects . 
  are you sure we are n't here already ? 
  for five years the financial problems in one small part of europe has been totally insolvable by the leaders of the big economies - and this is something ` easy ' to solve ; the immigrants is much more difficult in comparison, 
  you are missing the point entirely . 
  if yv is lying , what is your explanation for the fact that the troika totally refused to renegotiate the failed programme ? 
  i think you are missing the entire point here , but whatever . 
  sorry if i came over a bit aggressive . 
  these last days have tried my patience immensely . 
  i 'm ashamed by what the german government and by extension the rest of the sheep in the eurozone have wrought, 
  in times of crisis , people try all sorts of things . 
  there was a huge political fallout over it and we immedialtely went to the ` german ' economic approach of ` reforms and austerity ' , which was also exported to the rest of the eurozone shamelessly . 
  this is of course the whole reason for the total collapse of the ez economy , but there is no ackowledgement of this fact in the german political sphere ; at least not publicly . 
  this is the quote stuck in my head from peer steinbr\u00fcck at the time of the stimulus : http://www.newsweek.com/peer-steinbruck-global-economic-crisis-83363, 
  i do n't understand why this guy gets so much media attention . 
  it is just inflammatory remarks from some idiot . 
  i 'm here telling you that keynesian economics is almost totally outside the policy spectrum in germany - the fact that stimulus was used in the crisis was met with * howls * of indignation from german political scene . 
  if you want to know more , wren-lewis has some other posts where he mulls over this question , which i recomment . 
  i have read everything he has written on the topic . 
  i ca n't force you to learn something , however , and i do n't really care about playing childish games of ` gotcha ' . 
  if you want to believe that keynesian economics is ` politically acceptable ' in germany , you will just go through life under a misconception . 
  not my problem at all . 
  people like this guy just make me laugh - what else can you do ? 
  it is pointless to try to talk to them, 
  do you apply this same strict moral code to the other people in this negotiation ? 
  or are you holding yv to a standard higher than what you apply to a proven criminal like ws ? 
  they had to try . 
  besides , i think there will be repercussions of yesterday still to emerge . 
  i would not be surprised to see the british press use this as very convincing ammunition to agitate in favour of the tory plans to renegotiate the uk 's involvement in the eu . 
  and who can blame them now really ? 
  if this * really is * the situation in the eu , then i can see why the uk would want to stay at a distance, 
   he does n't even pretend to give schauble 's side just for my own amusement , give us what you think that is ? 
  i need a laugh . 
  * so edgy * you realise you basically came across like you varoufakis caricature ? 
  i think that is so funny , but i do n't think you did realise it . 
  i 'm not really sure what your point is . 
  then again , you think it matter how ` prestigious ' your * alma mater * is , so maybe we are n't really missing out on any great insights from you . 
   they are collected there to make decisions , constrained not only by economics but politics and the mandates given to them by their voters you say all this stuff like this is revealed knowledge ; this is obvious . 
  however , the point yv is making is still important : there is no political will in the eurogroup to deal with the actual problem . 
  they are much more incentivised to just tick the boxes and extend the existing programme , no questions asked . 
  i 'm sure you think you are being very clever , but in the end you are looking as bad at this other guy . 
  just something to think about,
