  look at the reality of the situation : the ecb basically acted like mobsters and decided to put the entire greek banking system ( of which all the banks are * solvent * ) at risk of insolvency by refusing to extend reserves to cover cash withdrawals . 
  so what could he really do ? 
  this has been a disgusting period of politics from the troika and i am ashamed to be european at this point . 
  we basically just witnessed the troika use mafia tactics to get this man ( who i believe is sincerely trying to get a better deal for the people of his country ) to back down . 
  dispicable . 
  the worst part is that people like schaeuble probably think of themselves as righteous , moral crusaders of economic truth and the similarity of their behaviour to loan sharks over these past months will not even dawn on them . 
  here 's something for you to think about then : regardless of the ` massive ' relief in 2012 , the imf still concluded recently that more debt relief was necessary . 
  in other words , the 2012 relief was so ` massive ' that it was n't sufficient to actually change the ability of the debtor to pay . 
  sure sounds ` massive ' to me . 
   we do n't want big eu countries putting pressure on smaller ones , do we ? 
  massive ? 
  by whose estimation ? 
  you , i.e. 
  some nobody on the internet ? 
   france has already welcomed the greek plans , which include spending cuts and tax rises worth more ** then ** $ 12bn fucking really , bbc ? 
   lets try to act civil in here , we are not greeks after all . 
  you might be the most vile finn i 've ever seen on here . 
  go away . 
  oh ok , i thought it was normal for civil servants to be members of the ruling party/coalition ? 
  i think this is something which people from one country could get really upset over and yet it is normal in other places . 
  surely we should n't be trying to force each other to do it each other 's way and both ways have pros and cons ? 
  i nearly fucking choked laughing - did he forget all his time in politicss ? 
  economic growth ? 
  who has economic growth ? 
  not germany , netherlands , finland , denmark , ireland , italy etc etc. 
  i do n't understand why this is a big issue ? 
  maybe i 'm not understanding something properly ? 
  no no - you have missed the point here . 
  the greeks are not associating themselves with farage * et al * . 
  however , the rest of the eurogroup has now jumped the shark and we are in a world where farage of all people is making more sense than them . 
  whatever , let 's see how finland is doing in a few years time . 
  google says their gdp growth is -1.2 % at the moment . 
  oh well , who needs welfare and education anyway ? 
  must be using the wrong flair, 
  i would say take zerohedge with a pinch of salt . 
  their analysis is definitely not always reliable . 
  it is sort of aimed at a bitcoin/libertarian sort of audience . 
  that said , they generally do have sources and you can investigate the sources for yourself / draw your own conclusions, 
  you laugh , but i think this euro crisis has done more to convince the average brit that the eu is a huge waste of time and effort than anything else . 
  and to be honest , i do n't blame them . 
  what have we managed to demonstrate in our attempts to solve this crisis ? 
  five years on , we are still incapable of decisively dealing with the root causes of the problems in the periphery economies and we are still addicted to toxic austerity as though we have no ability to see how much it has fucked the entire ez economy for the last five years . 
  why would they want to get more involved in the eu with things as they are ? 
  the uk is probably going to hit 2 % gdp growth soon . 
  germany is flat-lining and almost everyone else in the ez is either flat or negative . 
  jesus , that 's a bit rich considering how little your fucking post added . 
  do n't be a dick, 
  are you kidding ? 
  you must be * yet anothe * of these chronically uninformed people . 
  greece has achieved * the best * score for reforms as ranked by the oecd . 
  they have a cyclically adjusted primary surplus of something like 12 % . 
  maybe you should go and read some stuff before you just jump in here and show everyone how little you know, 
  well that is no different from being on the euro really - the individual central banks can not print euros, 
  this guy is just repeating the shit he hears on tv/radio , he doesnt * know * anything, 
  no one is going to copy paste the fucking report here and spoonfeed you . 
  go and download it and read it yourself you lazy piece of shit, 
  jesus christ , stop being an autistic dickhead . 
  fuck off and read about it or shut up . 
  irish gdp growth 0.2 % wow are they fucking killing it !, 
   except that atc has been telling the pilot which route to take to safety . 
  oh boy are you wrong or what ? 
  you think the austerity programmes of the troika have worked ? 
  is that a joke ? 
  are you going to google and find out for yourself or do you need me to do it for you ? 
  but lazy greeks must be punished, 
  well , the imf has now finally admitted that greece * needs * debt relief . 
  some sources suggest this is a position the imf has held for some time but was convinced by the troika partners to keep off the table . 
  are we just going to ignore the imf and listen to a bunch of politicians who are arguably just covering their own asses ? 
  the finns are going to do an austerity programme * now * ? 
  fuck me , their economy is already flat-lining , why would they do that ? 
   the evidence seems to suggest that austerity did not work for the rest of europe that well . 
  to me this is counter-intuitive no offence , but what gave you the impression you have the right to have an intuition on macroeconomics ? 
  do you go around using your intuition to tell people about statistics , physics or archaeology ? 
  fuck me , he is only a fucking professor of economics at oxford university . 
  who the fuck are you ? 
  i bet you read about greece in your favourite news website written by some fucking journalist , but now you want to get picky over the personal blog of an oxford professor ? 
  i can link you to other pieces by nobel-prize winning economists like stiglitz and krugman too : http://www.theguardian.com/business/2015/jun/29/joseph-stiglitz-how-i-would-vote-in-the-greek-referendum http://www.nytimes.com/2015/06/29/opinion/paul-krugman-greece-over-the-brink.html?rref=collection%2fcolumn%2fpaul-krugman read and learn , or do n't read and shut the fuck up . 
  you do n't get to talk about this and expect me to take you seriously if you do n't * read * about it first . 
  the wren-lewis post specifically links to reuters , bruegel , financial times ( twice ) , the im , new statesman . 
  further , the links to other blog posts by prof wren-lewis in that post will link you to the imf again , forbes , several academic journals , the ec , der spiegel , al jazeera , the center for european reform , bloomberg . 
  now go away and read about this until you understand what is happening . 
  http://mainlymacro.blogspot.co.uk/2015/07/greece-and-political-capture-of-imf.html read and learn . 
  i can lead a horse to water but i can not make it drink, 
  is n't that easy for you ? 
  you get all the * right * information piped into your head by the billionaire-owned media . 
  they would never try to mislead you or shade the truth in their favour , huh ? 
  i do n't think this is a conspiracy at all . 
  this information is all in the public domain . 
  no one doubts for a second that the majority of the bailout funds went to private debt-holders and not the greek people . 
  now we are making the poorest members of greek society ( children , pensioners , the unemployed ) pay for the german/french/whatever taxpayers money that was given to the banks . 
  so if i say to you that the programme is * causing * the difficulties with attracting foreign capital , is * causing * the brain drain , what do you think the greek government can really do about it except try to renegotiate the programme ? 
  further to this point : after * five whole years * of the programme being in force , greece has already achieved something like a 12 % cyclically adjusted primary surplus . 
  that is insane . 
  but for some reason they need to keep cutting more ? 
  haven ; t the last five years proved that the multipliers are not only positive but greater than 1 ? 
  this is something many economists argued * before * the programme was tried but now we have five years of evidence which confirms it . 
  so now we want greece to grow , right ? 
  they need to grow in order to pay us . 
  so what is our fucking clever plan for them to grow ? 
  i know , how about we keep doing the same fucking programme we already tried for five years which destroyed 25 % of gdp and caused 60 % youth unemployment .
