   the greek government needed massive spending cuts , bigger than anyone else in the whole ez , just to bring them into a distant view of sustainability . 
  that 's what the numbers say . 
  sure , and they did them . 
  they now have the largest cyclically-adjusted primary surplus in the entire eurozone . 
  what more do we want from them ? 
   this is patently false . 
  the private creditors lost money , more than 50 % in fact . 
  100 billion euros vanished . 
  * before * the bailout . 
  but ok - i see your point about my phrasing . 
  it would be better to say they did n't lose any more money . 
   in ours . 
  no one is forced to give anyone else a loan . 
  and those loans were priced far below what greece could expect from the market . 
  by that logic , the greeks did us a favour by accepting the loan instead of defaulting ? 
  as for the issue of market prices of greek bonds : this is something which does n't get spoken about enough . 
  the rates at which greek debt was trading prior to the crisis were clearly not reflective of the * real * default risk . 
  so who is the party to blame here ? 
  is it the borrower who takes advantage of the good yields in the market ? 
  or the creditor who misprices his loans ? 
  do they both share in the blame ? 
  this entire discussion seems to center on ` irresponsible borrowing ' by the greek government and yet where is the corresponding vitriol for the irresponsible lending undertaken by french , german , etc banks ? 
  in reality , is it not * their * inability to correctly price the greek debt which got us into this mess in the first place ? 
   do n't you know how this works by now ? 
  forgive my optimism that i might change one of their minds . 
  but i fear you are right . 
   so you propose that the ecb should keep the greek economy afloat indefinitely while greece ca n't come to terms with it 's creditors ? 
  absolutely , otherwise we should stop calling it a ` central bank ' . 
  the central bank is the lender of last resort , first and foremost . 
  its * raison d'\u00eatre * is to prevent exactly the kind of crisis it just threatened to instigate in greece . 
  that kind of behaviour from an eu institution is disgusting . 
  it is basically mafia coercion : nice banking sector you got there tsipras , would be a shame if anything were to happen to it ...  and that too with money that comes from the creditors in the first place ? 
  ugh ... no , it does n't . 
  the ecb is a central bank . 
  that 's not how central banks work . 
  further to the point : the troika is clearly willing to lend money to the greek government , the only sticking point is the terms . 
  so why would the ecb have any legitimate reason to be concerned about * whether * the discussions would lead to a new programme ? 
  we are going to give greece billions of euros once this new reform package gets approved , but the greek economy is going to continue to shrink and they will never be able to pay us . 
  how is this a better outcome than syriza 's proposal to renegotiate ? 
  but what do you disagree on ? 
  either you think the greeks ` didnt do austerity ' or that the programme worked . 
  my response to you will depend on what it is you think . 
  i can give you some easy to interpret numbers from the imf which show why both those opinions are at odds with the data . 
  no , i think you are really confirming now , you do n't understand how the cyclical adjustment works . 
  whatever . 
  like i said , you consider yourself well-informed but it looks like you are just repeating what you read in the newspaper to me . 
  if you think i am rude to point that out , so be it . 
   we 're talking about creating the basics of a functioning state . 
  proper tax collection , working bureaucracy , real-estate registers , basic welfare that is available to everyone so did you read any of the syriza proposals ? 
  i think they proposed some really good ideas . 
   syriza claims it 's working on all these issues and the other europeans claim syriza has done nothing because there have n't been many results . 
  i think syriza 's defence has been : we want to achieve these things but we were elected to power just months before the renewal of the programme which has destroyed their economy . 
  what is achievable in five months ? 
  a serious proposal , surely . 
  reversal of decades of clientelism and inefficiency ? 
  surely not . 
  it is ridiculous to expect that in just five months * with a coalition government * they could achieve anything like that . 
  so what you are saying is , you do n't understand how cyclical adjustments work ? 
   it is absolutely not in the interest of the eighteen other eurozone states to provide more loans to a nation in default . 
  this is hilarious . 
  if the greek proposals are accepted , what do you think is going to happen ? 
  we are going to . . loan more money to greece , which is already ` in default ' . 
  so you can tell me how this isn ; t in our interest but we are going to do it anyway . 
  the only difference the greek government wanted to negotiate was the terms attachd to the loan . 
  in fact , if syriza simply accepted the terms on day 1 we would have loaned them the money just like that . 
  see this is something i think many people , including you , fail to grasp : we were always going to lend them a fuckload more money on the old programme . 
  all they wanted was new terms to help growth , i.e. 
  to link repayments to greek gdp growth to make the programme more sensible . 
  the greek government believes that the current terms do not promote growth in greece and thus make it harder for them to repay the loans ( see how their debt : gdp ratio has * increased * since 2010 ) . 
  the troika believes the terms are fine , we should keep loaning them money on this basis and if greek gdp keeps falling and they become even less able to pay us , that is fine as long as they keep doing reforms . 
  so somehow the position of the troika makes more sense to you here ? 
   i do n't have faith in the greeks ' ability to implemen i guess this is more newspaper-fueled opinions . 
  go and look at the numbers , not the newspaper . 
  the greek government has done * massive * spending cuts , bigger than anyone else in the whole ez . 
   the programme was not implemented like athens promised it would . 
  let 's make this super easy . 
  you go and find some numbers from the greek national accounts which support your story . 
  i will show you the cyclically-adjusted primary surplus from the imf [ here ] ( http://i.imgur.com/vtwvqqe.png ) . 
  see greece with the highest in all of the eurozone ? 
  how do you think it got like that hmm ? 
  was it magic ? 
  good luck ? 
  or maybe austerity/reforms ? 
  i know you like to believe your little story from your newspapers about how greece ` didnt do austerity ' but actually if you stop reading newspapers and just go and get economic data , even from the imf which is * part of the troika * , the story becomes really easy to understand . 
  greece has done more austerity than any other country in europe * by far * . 
  so , i 'm waiting for you to bring me some numbers to support your story about how they did n't do austerity . 
  actually , i do n't really expect you to be able to find any numbers , i 'm expecting you to type another long post full of things you read in the newspaper . 
  oh , are you one of these people who thinks that the greeks have not ` done austerity ' ? 
  or are you suggesting that the programme * has * worked ? 
  you can read all of varoufakis ' proposals for yourself . 
  you claim to be so well-informed but you do n't actually know what syriza was proposing ? 
  smh, 
   the ecb legally ca n't loan to greek banks without collateral , which are either loans to the banks guaranteed by the greek government or greek bonds . 
  however athens could n't guarantee loans anymore on account of not paying its own debt , the greek bonds . 
  thus the bonds themselves are obviously now useless too because greece defaulted on loans . 
  there was n't an inch for the ecb to maneuver without breaking the law and consequently destroying the value of , and confidence in , the rules the ecb is bound by . 
  i see you read the ecb 's press release hmm ? 
  actually , the situation is more complex and if there was a political will to work around the issue of collateral , it would have been found . 
  the reality is just simpler : the ecb would prefer to use this tactic of threatening a total banking crisis to get the greek government to back down . 
  in other words , the ecb is choosing sides in this crisis and acting in a partisan way .
