  we 've already been doing that for centuries . 
  especially on the western coast . 
  most of it is indeed river / lake water , but we need drinking water ourselves ( we have an abnormally high standard for water purification ) . 
  i imagine floods would be pretty funny if it was n't for the death and destruction they bring with them . 
  i 'd like to swim to my roof . 
  we 'll teach them some techniques by 2030 , if our budget allows it, 
  if it was n't struggling with space constraints , it would be a direct competitor to frankfurt . 
  probably due to amsterdam ( airport ) and rotterdam ( sea port ), 
  ( dutch ) frisia and east frisia have a lot in common , but as far as i know there is n't any frisian movement that wants to unify them . 
  groningen being in-between them does n't help , of course . 
  not to forget it 's more than a political union , which is the least important function of the eu for smaller countries . 
  i always wash my hands with soap after using my computer or coming home , but not always after using the bathroom ... 
  elizabeth will never get off her throne , will she ? 
  the uk is like mali that has been shoved under the rug . 
  misrepresentation of history and disrespect towards other peoples . 
  * `` ignorance is bliss '' *, 
  i think you mean u-571 , which was indeed very , very biased towards the us . 
  rewritten as if the americans did the work only the british did towards cracking the enigma . 
  the german crew is also portrayed as a bunch of monsters and war criminals , which is far away from the truth of naval code both the germans and british followed to the letter . 
  disrespectful indeed . 
  enigma ( 2001 ) also contains a lot of historical errors , and while not particularly biased or rewritten , it disrespects the polish , who were the first to crack the enigma . 
  overall more fiction than reality . 
  oh , your comment gave the impression that you were just another populist right-winger who talks crap to anyone with another opinion . 
  my apologies . 
  i agree , but i do n't think that it was any particular political movement that was at fault . 
  i think we all did n't know - or ignored - this problem when it was still early enough to prevent radicalisation . 
  segregation and petty crime are two major problems western european societies deal with on a daily basis , yet we pretend it is not . 
  and when it is , some of us blame it all on the immigrants and call it a day . 
  i think that is where we failed , we failed to see the bigger picture . 
  the truth is that young adults growing up in a negative environment are highly susceptible to a life of crime - or worse . 
  you gave a good point . 
  those make a better story , of course . 
  but the lack of variety is still a problem , not only in hollywood but also in other media . 
  and not only the us is guilty of this , but as the biggest media producer , it certainly has the most influence . 
  it 's not always * biased * , but overall the media tend to focus on just the us and , less often , the western european powers . 
  he 's saying it 's a solution , but not the right one . 
  he 's not suggesting it . 
  good source . 
  hollywood underrepresents the participation of other countries in ww2 . 
  it 's always the us versus japan or the us versus germany , skipping most of the combatants , a third of the time period and half the theatres of war . 
  the war started in 1939 , not 1941 . 
  d-day was n't just the us , it was 14 different countries excluding troops from overseas territories . 
  the us did n't lead the allies , that was the uk . 
  the us was n't the only once fighting the japanese , and did n't have the only navy fighting them . 
  the japanese and germans are always pure evil and the americans are always the heroes . 
  hollywood misrepresents the reality , scale and horror of the war . 
  that was perhaps ok during the cold war , when hollywood deliberately rewrote history , but now it 's just disrespectful towards the millions who died fighting for the rest of the world . 
  in an era where film still is a huge part of education worldwide , many students are taught a version of ww2 history that is simply not true . 
  best way to relate to this is to compare it with the russian equivalent , the portrayal of the `` great patriotic war '' . 
  extremely biased , most westerners tend to make fun of it . 
  hollywood is n't that bad , but not much better either . 
  since the left is generally progressive and the right is generally conservative , it 's no surprise that the left wing more often contains extreme groups . 
  you 're practically blaming the left , the progressives for the nazis , communists and anarchists . 
  do know most of the modern-day right wing , especially republicans and liberals , used to be the left wing . 
  when we look at the paris attacks terrorists , you see the same trend . 
  all involved with crime one way or another and non-observant muslims throughout their lives until recently ( e.g. 
  excessive alcohol consumption , lots of partying , eating non-halal food ) . 
  all young people already into criminal activities . 
  daesh exploited that and radicalised them . 
  it is a solution . 
  it 's just an awful one that should never be executed . 
  that would actually be italy , since it were the romans . 
  jesus was jewish , just like israel . 
  from what i can understand of your reply , you 're saying russia did n't lose ww1 but some kind of small russian-turkish conflict as part of the ww1 and thus russia has n't lost any global conflicts . 
  which is complete nonsense , like i said . 
  no , against the ottomans and the germans . 
  russia withdrew from ww1 and suffered defeat after defeat before that . 
  world war 1 is the very definition of a global conflict , and i would argue it is one of the three most important wars in the history of the russian people . 
  while the triple entente was victorious , the russian empire most definitely lost in ww1 . 
  the war effort against the german empire was a disaster . 
  russian nuclear bombers fly over europe a couple times a year . 
  they could kill millions of people at any moment . 
  the original opposition that was the first of two participants in the civil war . 
  since then , it has become a clusterfuck , with 4 alliances , dozens of groups and states and even more actual militias and armies . 
   do you actually think europe is better at assimilating people than the us ? 
  no , because assimilation is not and has never been our goal . 
  we want people to integrate into society , whether they abandon their cultural heritage or not is up to them . 
  i do reckon there are many cases out there that have failed to integrate . 
  i 'm not saying we have a utopian multicultural society , that is ( or used to be ) our dream but is simply not happening any time soon . 
  it 's the third generation that cause problems , not the second one . 
  the second generation integrates to some extent and while keeping their traditions and language , they are nevertheless happy to live in europe . 
  the third generation sometimes feel alien towards both their family 's traditions and european societies . 
  it 's that alienation that can eventually lead to extremism . 
  something to note here is that we also have millions of muslims and some of them have lived in europe for hundreds of years . 
  not without its problems , the yugoslav wars being a sad example of that , but they 're not actually as new to europe as they are often said to be . 
  i do n't know about picture manipulation in sweden . 
  yes , germany has outlawed _ hate speech _ , but that 's because the us is exclusive in its kind of freedom of speech , european societies do n't accept the same level of hatred you may spread in the us under the guise of freedom of speech . 
  why would serving halal food at schools be bad ? 
  if i call it kosher food , which is * exactly * the same thing , will you still protest against it ? 
  are schools not allowed to serve meals appropiate for observant jews and muslims , vegetarians and those with allergies in the united states ? 
  i do n't think so , at least i do n't hope so . 
  we 're not pc , that 's an american phenomenon we simply do not have over here . 
  we just have different values . 
  europe has a long and proud tradition of integration , we 're not the us of assimilation . 
  the heterodox christian cult , itself an offspring of orthodox christianity practiced below the sahara , as the article discusses in length . 
  i never said they were illegitimate . 
  iran had progressive , western cities , most prominently tehran , and the elite was anything but conservative . 
  that 's mostly gone now . 
  sanctions did n't help . 
  losing a city and a couple villages is proof of them not growing stronger ?
