  because it 's clear he was . 
  indeed . 
  they contributed greatly . 
  on the german side ? 
  i would n't call it arrogance per se . 
  their goals were simply too ambitious and frankly , not realistic . 
  they did underestimate the ussr however , and i believe that 's what made them lose the war . 
  you did n't alter the question , you 're asking a completely different question altogether . 
  if you want to know who won the war , then that honour still goes to the ussr without a doubt . 
  they expanded their domain and their power at the cost of everyone else . 
  you could very well argue they were the first hyperpower , and it was n't until the streets were cleaned that the us accepted its superpower status ( and the uk lost it a few years later ) . 
  the power balance between the ussr and us slowly shifted towards the us over the course of the cold war , of course . 
  to answer your question : who defended democracy and liberated the half of europe that still could be liberated ? 
  that honour goes to the commonwealth , more specifically canada and the uk , and that goes for both main theatres . 
  the us very much so did win the pacific , however , in addition to contributing greatly to the european side . 
  i would n't call returning fire the same as attacking . 
  defending your convoys from convoy hunters is n't an act of war . 
  yes , but the us still isolated itself from other major powers , although not on the level it was pre-ww1 . 
  the us could have joined the war effort earlier , both in the pacific and atlantic . 
  not even total war from the start . 
  but the us chose not to . 
  i would say the us was just in time to keep britain up and not letting the last bastion of a free europe fall , but way too late on the pacific front . 
  not that i 'm saying the us should 've done more ; i 'm just pointing out that it was very late to join the war . 
  almost too late , perhaps . 
  not to mention that britain led the allies throughout the war and was seen as the last stronghold of the free world . 
  the us eventually contributed greatly , but it should not be forgotten that the americans could have very well been too late to the party . 
  with all the horrible consequences of a nazi europe and a soviet eurasia that would 've come with it . 
  german command never wanted a war on two fronts . 
  very simply put , the germans did n't expect the british to last so long nor the russians to be able to mobilise so quickly . 
  and with the battle of britain delaying the plans to bring down the uk , the invasion of the ussr also got delayed ... with all lethal consequences that came with that delay , including kursk and stalingrad . 
  until the battle of britain , the german generals were quite succesful in their schedules . 
  despite delays in the netherlands and norway , all war plans were thusfar executed * p\u00fcnktlich * . 
  however , the question still is `` who defeated nazi-germany ? '' . 
  that credit goes to the ussr , very much so . 
  remember the ussr never had any wargoals but `` destroy the axis '' . 
  they did n't care about ideologies or people . 
  if you want to judge by that , then the british have only partially won and the us has won in the sense that it defended itself . 
  the us beat the russians by nuking the japanese . 
  the russians wanted to invade japan . 
  alone . 
  it was the explosive start of what would become the cold war . 
  you 're saying he 's incorrect , then you confirm what he said and go off-topic ? 
  the fifa is very much so an organisation in switzerland . 
  although originally french , it moved to switzerland ( zurich ) and is now under swiss law . 
  the swiss legal system does not punish bribery in non-governmental organisations , which the fifa is . 
  hence / u/xnicolex is correct ; there 's nothing to sue fifa over , in addition to swiss authorities often refusing foreign legal institutions access ( although exceptions have been made for the eu and north america ) . 
  as for the off-topic thought of why so many international organisations are based in switzerland : 1 . 
  switzerland 's neutral status ( un , red cross ) 2 . 
  switzerland 's favourable legal environment ( banks ) although there are n't * that * many organisations based in switzerland . 
  france , belgium , the netherlands , the uk and the us have just as many if not more , over a wider spectrum . 
  switzerland is just notorious for its banks . 
  aside from completely going off-topic , the un keeps itself busy with diplomatic , international justice , economic , military and humanitarian affairs . 
  not with a sports federation accepting bribes which does n't even break any laws ... 
  that 's not even close to being a realistic option . 
  they are not . 
  it 's a sport federation of national associations , or an international sport governing body . 
  that makes it a non-governmental organisation . 
  that is not the same as an npo . 
  as a matter of fact , the federation is very much a profit-driven organisation , although officially it 's an ngo ; which means it may make profit , but it is n't its sole purpose . 
  which is exactly what the fifa is ; a huge list of scandals aside , it 's still the sport federation for association football ( and various variants ) , charged with organising events and promoting co-operation between national associations . 
  i understand two words !, 
  perkele and taidehistoriaa !, 
  now my finnish vocabulary exists out of 3 words !, 
  i assume you do n't know the definition of propaganda . 
  it does n't have to be false . 
  they pretty much did that with every neighbouring country i guess . 
  you 're the type of vlaming i like !, 
  well yes , it sounds far-fetched ( and it is ) , but the idea was that the assyrians did have some kind of relation to the aryans . 
  in their defense , if you draw a line from the himalayas to germany , the assyrians ( but also the greek , the ottomans ) lived on that line . 
  i believe that the nazis saw it as great civilizations ( read : aryans ) moving from east to west , and now germany was to be the next and final one . 
  it 's not very logical , but then again , it was based on pseudoscience and propaganda . 
  never seen that footage before . 
  true / r/historyporn , thanks for the link !, 
  which is a sad and often forgotten truth . 
  the amount of destruction and loss of innocent lives the allies caused - often completely unnecessarily - across northern france , belgium , the netherlands and germany is something the involved governments have always refused to acknowledge . 
  true , they proposed the idea of a burgundian puppet state , an idea hitler himself liked but never pursued . 
  but that did n't take away that the political elite of the reich still wanted to deport most francophones from the area as soon as they could . 
  fun fact : the same elite pretended flanders and wallonia were two states of the reich in 1944 , after they already lost control over the territories ... 
  the flemish are a dutch people , the dutch peoples are a subcategory of the germanic peoples . 
  the nazis saw all germanic peoples as `` brothers '' of the german people ( despite classifying them as second-rank citizens , after germans ) , hence their policies in the netherlands , flanders , denmark and norway were somewhat loose compared to how they dealt with the francophones , mediterraneans , baltics , greek , western slavic , russians , ukrainians , etc. . . an interesting exclusion to this part of their ideology is the lesser-known relations the nazis had with the arabs and indians . 
  in the `` nazi raceology '' , they were the first two races after the aryan masterrace ( the germans supposedly being the third ) . 
  a more logical explanation for the relatively warm relations is probably the good old `` the enemy of my enemy is my friend '' , though . 
  as long as you ignore religious differences , it makes sense , as the arabs did n't like the greek and couple help against the russian , colonial french and colonial british forces , and a large amount of indians were demanding independence from the uk . 
  not according to the nazis . 
  much to the dislike of the dutch nsb , the nazis saw flanders as a seperate occupation territory ( going against the nsb 's wish of a groot-nederland , or the annexation of flanders by the to-be dutch republic ) , even though it fell under the * reichskommissariat belgien-nordfrankreich * together with wallonia and northern france . 
  flanders , unlike wallonia and northern france ( southern france was led by the vichy puppet regime ) , was under * civilian * occupation . 
  the other two were under * military * occupation , directly led by the german military and paramilitary organisations . 
  this effectively meant that both the netherlands and flanders had some degree of independence from nazi-germany , although less so than the puppet regime of vichy-france . 
  the ss actively recruited dutch and flemish regiments , and albeit with limited success , hitler himself applauded the relatively high amount of dutch and flemish collaborators . 
  fascism was at an all-time high . 
  wallonia was to be `` cleansed '' and `` colonized '' by the germans after the war , but unlike the lebensraum policies in the east , the francophones were to be deported alive and well to france . 
  the ss took no interest in francophones and the wallonians were far more resistant towards the nazis than their norrthern neighbours , not unlike the french . 
  as for german-speaking belgium , that was annexed directly into the german reich . 
  so no , belgium 's unity was already a weak structure , which the nazis happily exploited . 
  yes . 
  the vergeltung bombings were horrible , that 's a fact . 
  but sadly , it 's not unique from what happened in france , italy , former czechoslovakia and the netherlands , and not even remotely as awful as what happened in poland and the former soviet union . 
  flanders and brussels were n't `` raped as hard '' as wallonia and the dutch randstad , however . 
  relatively speaking , flanders enjoyed the `` least awful '' occupation after norway and denmark ( at least , when excluding austria ) . 
  fought over by the nieuw-nederlandse republiek from the north , the l\u00e9gion c\u00e9sar from the south and the remnants of the stahl bruderschaft from the east .
