  war of the worlds-ish, 
  both cook equally terrible , but one prefers vegan food while the other prefers sea food . 
  depends on whether you want a dyke that 'll protect you or a dyke that wo n't give a fuck about you . 
  100 euros for a dyke , take it or leave it . 
  flair up then !, 
  \\  implying they have n't already, 
  should have mod applications in the near future , imo, 
  well played , good sir . 
  something like * `` rrrwwwgrru '' * or in case of van nieuwkerken 's `` dit is de wereld draait doorrrrrrrrrr '' , i pronounce it as `` doorrwrrrrrrwrrrg '', 
  thanks for the heads-up . 
  such a shame that she passed away while all those cards were underway . 
  ~ ~ a week late , but i 'll definately get her a card ! ~ ~, 
  great translation !, 
  and depending on whether you come from the northern provinces or southern provinces & flanders , you can also pronounce `` rrrrrrrrrrrrrr '' . 
  as a southerner , i ca n't : /, 
  [ here 's a mirror ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kphfflgjn5o ) with lyrics . 
  for the non-dutchmen , it was a carnival hit in 2010 . 
  i wo n't be able to get it out of my head for the coming days ... 
  well you are . 
  you living here is proof of that . 
  is that so ? 
  i see a lot of g-star around me , but never seen such a thing . 
  if that is true , i should definitely look into it i guess . 
  hugo boss suits are still nice , even though they 're missing that certain thing ... 
  steve ? 
  is that you ? 
  nah , just wear it on the weekends . 
  oh absolutely . 
  i tried getting a censored ss officer costume once for a costume party . 
  let 's just say people did n't exactly appreciate my fine taste . 
  the russian elite used to be major francophiles , not unlike tsar peter i 's love for the netherlands . 
  it 's a cultural exchange thing . 
  but that 's not a russian you 're replying to . 
  more often than you think it does . 
  the saying that some homophobics are actually struggling with their own sexuality is far from a joke . 
  dressing up as a ww2 german general and pharaoh tutankhamun are also quite the red flags to say the least . 
  no ... big brother from nineteen eighty-four was modeled after stalin . 
  learn your literature . 
  big brother loves you . 
  why not the galactic federation ? 
  sounds really classy to me . 
  you are correct , thanks for pointing it out . 
  i 'll edit my post . 
  ~ ~ and when german diplomats proposed to exchange german soldiers ( russian pows ) for stalin 's son ( arrested by the germans ) , stalin replied that his son was a pussy and not a single wounded soldier was worth his life . ~ ~ seems my memory has failed me . 
  thanks / u/laxfap for correcting me . 
  fdr might be because of ww2 ; that would make a lot of sense . 
  as for other presidents , the us has a huge structure surrounding a president . 
  the nation listens to one man , but it does not rest on the shoulder of just that man . 
  you could lose your president and vice-president , and you 'd still have a solid backup plan . 
  basically all western democracies have 3 to 4 backup governments before any kind of military transition governments steps in . 
  that is not the case for russia . 
  russia is a divided nation , only kept together by the kremlin 's immense power and political suppression . 
  after jeltsin 's death , putin stepped in and successfully kept the parties involved together , over the years even further strengthening his position . 
  russia relies on putin . 
  he is n't just the destroyer of the short-lived , failed democracy , but also the strong man russia ( sadly ) needs . 
  everyone working for him listens to him or are taken care of . 
  they do not resign , they are not fired , they are banned forever ; or worse . 
  if putin dies , medvedev would n't be his unchallenged successor . 
  he is nothing but a puppet to putin . 
  nobody has sworn their allegiance to him . 
  a power struggle would be the result , and could be as small as a voting in the kremlin or as big as civil war . 
   when in finland , do as the finns !, 
  get drunk , wear funny hats and make sure nobody has any idea what you 're saying ? 
  guess i figured out where to go to this summer ... 
  i ca n't hear you either over the sound of my excellent dental care . 
  [ everything is proceeding as we have foreseen ... ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=laf0qnlfs7q ), 
  i 'll happily re-introduce civilization to australia , but israel and morocco ? 
  ehhh ... ? 
  basically a bomb set to detonate and a large border outpost with a sandbox for the kids , respectively . 
  if you want that , it 's better to take turkey , the all-in-one country . 
  i 've never heard about tipping the bouncer either . 
  that 's new for me . 
  i usually tip the waitress or bar man . 
  bitch please , i 'll have you know i single-handedly brought down a titan airship in 2142 . 
  me and my company barely defended port bavaria from the pac onslaught . 
  life in vietnam was much easier . 
  hail europe !, 
  so much love for hatred . 
  because this is about the eu and not the eurozone, 
  thanks , that car looks and sounds amazing . 
  bugatti still has the guinness record though , but i 'll let you win today . 
  well played , yankees . 
  ^ ( this car reaches 435 kilometers per hour , for the civilized people like me ), 
  tesla versus koenigsegg , lamborghini and ferrari ? 
  ford et al versus audi , bmw and mercedes ? 
  i doubt that . 
  i know the eu is a half-baked second-layer representative democracy in its current state , but i do n't see how more direct eu voting will improve it at all . 
  too many elections are already decreasing the efficiency of local , regional and national governments , applying that to the eu as a whole would be a joke . 
  the eu should n't be more democratic , it should be more transparant and representative . 
  why would the eu do that if it has more to gain from its own alliance ? 
  besides , it would n't be possible because some eu members will never join nato . 
   junker wanted a non-aggressive european army . 
  essentially just a defensive allliance , thus nato . 
  a european army that is nevertheless capable of peacekeeping missions and military interventions ; defending europe from russia et al is just the main justification of such a force . 
  the advantage an eu force would have over nato is that it would be more unified and centralized . 
  nato does n't have any ambition or coherent interests ( because it may not do so ) , and certainly ca n't make decisions as far as united foreign policies go ; the eu could . 
  nato is a defensive alliance since it can no longer be used in a different way ( ussr ... ) , the eu could actually use the alliance for world ambitions . 
  which the eu certainly has . 
  a european army would be somewhat like nato , with battlegroups consisting of multiple ( trans - ) national divisions rather than a real single military force . 
  the idea is not to replace national armed forces ( or nato ) , but supplement them .
