  you do n't have to assume responsibility , just acknowledge history how it truthfully happened . 
  conquering land on a different continent is n't quite the same as massmurdering the people of a conquered land . 
  ca n't speak for all dutch students , but the most-used history book for primary education ( history classes for 9 to 12 year olds ) talked about various genocides and crimes , from holodomor to the holocaust , from the armenian genocide to the rwandan genocide , from american war crimes in vietnam to russian war crimes in afghanistan . 
  they talked about massacres in the dutch colonies too . 
  only the holocaust was discussed in-depth , but that makes sense because of the young age of the students . 
  in secondary education ( 12 to 16-18 year olds ) these subjects are further expanded upon . 
  the irony goes much further than that . 
  israeli ngos spend millions educating people around the world about the inhumane treatment of jews during ww2 , but underplay or even leave out the fact that jews were one of many persecuted minorities and that they all suffered . 
  and even though during and in the aftermath of the war ngos like the international red cross helped rescue victims of the holocaust , the very same ngos are banned from israel because they 're not allowed to investigate or alleviate war crimes and crimes against humanity conducted by the israeli government against the palestinian people . 
  victim turned perpetrator . 
  freedom of speech is subordinate to limitations on such freedom , of which the ban on denying massmurders and crimes against humanity is one . 
  but i do n't mind , because ** every ** day is europe day . 
  happy europe day !, 
  football , of course !, 
  the difference between the arab world and europe is that europe has never been dominated by a single power for more than a decade since the romans . 
  there has always been infighting and chaos , whereas the arabs have had times of hierarchy and stability . 
  the relative peace on the european continent in the last 70 years is something we should cherish but not take for granted . 
  just because the middle east has seen a lot of conflict in those same 70 years does n't mean the arab world is more violent in general . 
  nor does it say much about european or arab cultures . 
  technically after the dust of the collapse of the ottoman empire had settled , the new arab nations saw less conflict than we did in europe after ww1 . 
  it really was n't until the arab-israeli conflicts that tensions rose again , later on fuelled by the conflicts in egypt , iran , afghanistan and iraq ; all thanks to the influence of non-arab powers . 
  just like the balkan powder keg in the early 20th century , the arab powder keg since ww2 is mostly the fault of proxy wars and the meddling of great powers . 
  more accurate would be `` shit , sorry '' `` fuck , sorry '' `` kut , sorry '' ( vagina ) `` tyfus , sorry '' ( typhoid ) if we say something bad and have to quickly apologise for it , then that 's pretty much how it 's done . 
  we forgive you for sending the duke of alba to terrorise us , but we 're still pissed at you guys for stealing our world cup . 
  you lazy hot-headed imperialists !, 
  oh get typhoid , you !, 
  that would be either be the netherlands or the united states , depending on how you 'd count ; the alliance with the netherlands was arguably broken when napoleon invaded the country , but they have been allies ever since . 
  there was actually a triple alliance between the netherlands , france and the us ; against the british empire . 
  portugal and spain helped too , but their respective empires were crumbling at that point thanks to britain . 
  france also had long-standing alliances with russia and spain , but both were broken in the 20th century . 
  spain , of course , joined nato later on . 
  or `` labbekak '' , which can be translated as `` lazy person '' or `` weakling '' . 
  my so did n't quite like shaun of the dead but loved hot fuzz . 
  i 'd say the comedy style between the two is vastly different . 
  looking forward to see how twe compares to the other two !, 
  the world 's end is the only one in the cornetto trilogy i have n't seen yet . 
  will watch it this weekend !, 
  czech . 
  especially prague !, 
  no , not the meatballs !, 
  enemies of the american people , that 's what they are . 
  sad !, 
  would n't you rather have it open 7 days a week till 20:00 ? 
  otherwise people who work late ca n't buy any liquor . 
  the fake media , enemies of the american people , have lied again !, 
  sad !, 
  better than the dutch version imo . 
  * will the president succeed in banning muslims ? 
  is mexico going to pay for the wall ? 
  * find out next time , on * the trump administration *, 
  * redditor for 2 years * nice . 
  more illumination is n't necessarily better . 
  low illumination ( as is common in most of western europe ) helps keep drivers alert while still offering sufficient sight . 
  besides , most of the extra illumination belgium has is due to the linear settlements ( lintbebouwing ) along the roads , a typical belgium phenomenon , not the road light themselves . 
  / r/europe was kidnapped by neonazis before the brexit , i hope they 're better now, 
  during ww2 , the netherlands had its relatively large amount of gold mostly transferred to london . 
  however , not all of it left our territory when the country capitulated to the germans . 
  the germans stole the gold , its reichsbank transferring it to swiss banks ( which were of course supposed to be neutral ) . 
  nazi germany did n't use all of that gold ; many billions of euros ( today 's value ) worth of dutch gold was left in switzerland . 
  as nazi germany ceased to exist in 1945 , and thus the gold had `` no owner '' according to the swiss bank , the bank kept the gold in storage . 
  years later , the swiss government decided to return the money over the course of many decades , under pressure from the worldwide community . 
  the netherlands received unknown amounts of its rightful gold at a steady pace ... until 1998 . 
  the shipments simply stopped , without any communication . 
  a number of dutch politicians decided to not make it an issue and simply concluded the gold was lost to the swiss . 
  a very controversial decision , one the public could n't appreciate . 
  other politicians pressured the swiss once again , giving switzerland an international reputation of being a `` fencer for nazi gold stolen from occupied countries and holocaust victims '' . 
  the swiss did n't care , even though the council of europe and united nations threatened them with sanctions . 
  they still hold the reputation to this day . 
  in 2014 , the swiss government held a referendum on whether switzerland should raise its amount of gold , retrieve all swiss gold to swiss soil and forbid the export of its gold . 
  if the referendum succeeded , the country would n't legally be able to return the remaining 2 billion euros worth of dutch gold to the netherlands . 
  the swiss rejected the idea , and thus the stolen dutch gold is safe for now ... 
  but still ca n't be used by the dutch government . 
  of all the dutch gold stored abroad or stolen during ww2 , less than 50 % was returned in the decades after . 
  that 's still pretty good compared to other occupied countries ... 
  that 's hilarious . 
  a great protest . 
  i 'm not sure whether there really is much of a difference between dutch and flemish architecture . 
  brussels however copied the cosmopolitan style of paris , i think that is the `` grand '' you 're aiming at . 
  the dutch never really have had a truly cosmopolitan city , not in the first place because the historically most important city of amsterdam never significantly rose in relevance ( from a dutch perspective ) above other major cities . 
  simply put : there was little contrast , the other major cities did n't dwarf in comparison to amsterdam . 
  that is a stark difference with brussels , london and paris ; and more comparable to germany . 
  however , one thing that absolutely does reflect in our architecture is the dutch tradition of being relatively simple . 
  if amsterdam were really cosmopolitan , a true dutchman would shun it for being `` exorbitant '' and `` fake '' . 
  which many dutchmen who do not like amsterdam 's international focus ( tourists , expats , foreign companies ) already do , pretty much . 
  our cities are nevertheless filled with great 16th , 17th and 18th century buildings built by the wealthy classes and local government , amsterdam being the best-known example but i think many dutchmen agree haarlem and leiden are much better in that regard . 
  i think they are just as great as the flemish cities , which i agree are beautiful . 
  you have to understand that there are cultural differences between the traditionally catholic and the protestant parts of the netherlands . 
  not based around religion per se ( they just happen to overlap ) , but the southern , catholic parts are closer to the bourgondian and flemish cultures , which have a far greater emphasis on good food and great celebrations , while the northern , protestant parts used to be more simple and humble . 
  ah , those . 
  yeah they seem to be the latest hype over here too . 
  i mean , they look nice , but everyone is wearing the same coats ... 
  i would n't even call it a myth . 
  it 's a common joke to make fun of / criticise the influence from brussels . 
  `` brussels is such a bunch of meddlers , they even _ impose controls on the curviness of bananas _ '' no-one is supposed to believe it 's true , because it 's nonsense . 
  sadly plenty of people ca n't seperate bullshit from truth . 
  coming from north-brabant , when they give me a choice between heineken , bavaria , amstel and jupiler , i sure as hell know i 'm picking the last one . 
  hertog-jan is my favourite main brand , though i like special beers better . 
  that 's something you belgians have a clear advantage at !, 
  stupid greenish coats ? 
  you mean the black garbage bag `` coats '' ?
