  but perhaps it should be . 
  he meant to say that terrorists or criminals do n't need to rely on such tricks . 
  we sometimes forget most communication is still done in person , which also is the most secure way . 
  in the netherlands , we 've had some cases of fake traffic police officers over the years ... 
  nothing regular , but if one would ever pull me over for a ridiculous reason , i 'd definitely ask for their identification ( which they have to show you when asked ) . 
  it 's a special kind of identification paper most government workers with policing tasks have on them . 
  and twitter as well , it seems to be the main way to recruit teenage extremists . 
  sadly , they 're quite successful . 
  we will never be 100 % safe , and really , we should n't aim to get close to 90 % either . 
  we must not sacrifice democracy and freedom for a fake sense of security . 
  i thought the nsa revelations already taught us so . 
  i literally had `` because you watched : house of cards , we suggest : thomas the tank engine '' the other day . 
  i have to say , the political intrigue is quite addictive . 
  i like to think of myself as an economic liberal , but i 've never understood why governments let companies extract their natural resources . 
  in the netherlands , natural gas ( and previously coal as well ) are exploited by companies , but they do so for the government , which may stop operations at any time and is the largest if not sole stockholder . 
  plus profits go to the state , not the companies . 
  we refer to them as quasi state companies . 
  i 'd say grayish blue , 
  not sure if a poor uneducated xenophobic trump militiaman or troll . 
  still , the offers remains on the table . 
  price varies between $ 0.80 and $ 3 for a pint , and we sure as hell do n't drink pisswasser this side of the ocean . 
  feel free to give me a call . 
  come to the netherlands and i 'll happily show you around the campus . 
  beer 's on me . 
  i 'm afraid that i am . 
  there are plenty of * bachelor students * on reddit . 
  but i guess that 's impossible to grasp . 
  i love it when they have shit for brains . 
  confirming the stereotype once again , here on / r/europe . 
  academic summer vacation = university bachelors , masters and doctors . 
  you know , the people who know more and earn more than you do . 
  hahaha , i think mr jucker knows a hundred times more than you do on the eu . 
  in fact , dare i claim that i know ten times more than you do on the topic as an international relations student . 
  you have absolutely no clue about european politics , let alone reality . 
  you do n't get to determine who is and who is n't relevant . 
  and even if you did get to , you 're wrong about it . 
  poland is critical to the eu effort to further integrate eastern europe , poland being the regional leader . 
  greece is n't irrelevant . 
  italy is the fourth economy of the eu and one of the pillars of the eu , such as eu foreign policy and internal reforms which are traditionally always presided by the italians . 
  `` all day '' = in the afternoon during the academic summer vacation ? 
  europe has the most university students in the world . 
  you know , those who still have their academic vacation . 
  no because we can trade for our resources instead of invading states under false pretenses . 
  and chinese are no threat to europe at all , lol . 
  that 's just trump propaganda . 
  both the eu and nato will honour calls to arms . 
  even if the us would n't ( unthinkable ) , the others would . 
  i hope you 're happy in that fantasy world of yours . 
  you 'd be surprised how many americans doing exactly that are * dead serious * when they do that . 
  we 've seen them in this sub before . 
  you definitely need to use an / s, 
  also do n't forget the us has less people per capita, 
  you do n't understand . 
  it 's not about how many athletes you send to the olympics , it 's about how many athletes you can choose from . 
  the us has a much bigger pool of athletes due to its larger population . 
  the uk has a smaller one , yet their athletes have been much more successful per capita . 
  got ta compensate for other stuff . 
  croatia did 10x better than the us ... 
  per capita the us 's performance is laughable . 
  and the eu as a whole did win twice as much medals . 
  then again , it 's a joke , so being salty about it only makes you look like a fool . 
  the eu succeeded in creating prosperity and continues to do so , peace was its other goal and there has been no war within the eu whatsoever for more than half a century . 
  the eu succeeded in both of its goals . 
  the things you name were never a goal of european integration and are rather irrelevant . 
  that 's like saying the msf failed as an organisation because they have to withdraw their personnel from yemen because they were bombed 4 times . 
  wrong again . 
  the answer is peace . 
  it was n't focused on coal and steel for no reason . 
  coal and steel are the resources of war . 
  the eu has already conducted multiple military operations , with some of them still going on in south eastern europe and the mediterranean ... 
  its militarised police is not allowed to operate abroad . 
  put in place after ww2 . 
  gendarmeries are quite common in europe actually . 
  france founded eurogendfor , a european intervention force of militarized police , consisting of france , italy , the netherlands , poland , portugal , romania and spain . 
  lithuania is a partner , turkey is an observer and germany wanted to join but its constitution forbids it . 
  the dutch ones are so damn sexy ... 
  i can relate to that ( \u0361 \u00b0 \u035c\u0296 \u0361 \u00b0 ), 
  a lot of dutchmen actually do n't pronounce the ` r ' and 'n' in `` goedemorgen '' . 
  so what they say is `` goedemogge '' or `` goedemogg\u00fbh '' . 
  it 's informal , but it wo n't raise any eyebrows . 
  we dutch are an informal people , after all . 
  i ca n't even understand how this conspiratard is able to over-analyse a video this much . 
  you 're right ; `` never again '', 
  there 's no * absolute * freedom of speech in europe , yes . 
  then let 's take the holodomor , or the rwandan and cambodian genocides as example . 
  massacring a civilian population is n't fair play just because of war , rebellion or civil unrest . 
  massacring civilian populations is never righteous , fair or just . 
  your point is deeply disturbing and you should be ashamed . 
  ah , yes . 
  britain is n't a snowflake when it comes to colonial massacres and such . 
  some tried a bit too hard ( belgium , britain ) and others pretended they were n't * technically * doing anything wrong ( portugal , the netherlands ) , but they all committed crimes . 
  denmark and sweden may be the sole exceptions , but i 'm not quite sure on that and they were pretty insignificant when it comes to the colonisation game . 
  which is because they _ are _ european . 
  do n't listen to the others ; [ you 're right ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/eastern_europe ) , armenia lies in europe . 
  [ you 're wrong ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/eastern_europe ) , armenia lies in europe . 
  [ you 're wrong ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/eastern_europe ) , armenia lies in europe . 
  that 's like saying the holocaust was n't a genocide because many innocent germans died in the war as well . 
  which is complete bullshit . 
   it 's also why germany took so fucking long to recognise their shit in namibia . 
  well that , and they were still busy paying reparations for ww2 and the holocaust .
