sir !, 
  the dykes are ready , sir !, 
  your sources are biased , your assumptions exaggerated and your explanations false . 
  yes , the eu needs reforms . 
  and it needs those * now * . 
  but you 're just jumping on the ill-informed , populist anti-eu bandwagon . 
  that 's a good point . 
  it 's certainly not perfect , but it seems to be the best solution for now . 
  however , you forget that there are hundreds of illegals who ca n't be deported because the ind was unable to identify them . 
  sometimes , they throw away their identification papers on purpose . 
  in such cases , they ca n't be deported , because the authorities have no idea what country they come from ( and even if they do , the countries wo n't accept them because they ca n't prove their citizenship ) . 
  those are the long-term illegals which currently roam the streets . 
  the local police arrest them once in a while , keep them in a cell , then release them again . 
  they 're quite a big problem because we ca n't do anything against them . 
  imprisoning these people for a longer duration than just a few weeks may help , but ( correct me if i 'm wrong , i 'm certainly no expert on this ) it would n't surprise me if that 's simply unlawful or even unconstitutional . 
  indeed , but the problem is that we end up caring for them anyways . 
  i wo n't pretend i have a better solution , but i do n't see how imprisoning them for not wanting to or not being able to be deported solves anything . 
  that 's definitely true , but how would that help ? 
  we want to deport illegals back to their countries of origin ; but due to lack of identification and human rights conventions , we ca n't ( and i am in no way saying we should ignore these obstacles ) . 
  locking them up does n't really help in getting rid of them , quite the opposite if you ask me . 
  imprisoning them will only cost more . 
  that article describes employees being paid for contributing to discussions , not for propaganda . 
  one is a normal business tactic , the latter would be really shady . 
  yes , that 's called political campaigning . 
  we can discuss both . 
  many people do want to discuss the humanitarian disaster europe is experiencing right now . 
  and unlike what the mods seem to think , such a discussion can be civil . 
  no need to nuke civilised discussions because there are 3 shit posters in there . 
  * monitoring * = / = controlling . 
  take off your tinfoil hat . 
  * dies of laughter *, 
  but they have ** black ** pudding . 
  a man can dream ... 
  * remove pudding *, 
  oh no , i 'm not suggesting this is easy . 
  i can imagine being scared as fuck as a passenger . 
  it 's just that pilots know how to deal with these situations , so i do n't think it 's necessary to exaggerate what happened ( the video is praised all over the internet as if the pilots are heroes for barely saving many lives from a disaster ; they 're just doing their jobs and there was n't any danger to speak of ) . 
  that does n't mean i do n't admire how pilots can handle situations like these . 
  looks rather scary to me , but i 'm not a pilot ( luckily ) , 
  you 'd be surprised how well pilots are trained for such situations , and how well modern planes can be handled . 
  it 's scary , yes , but this was n't a near-disaster . 
  the 777 can land sideways in storms like these . 
  not even kidding , just google it . 
  ... you * monster * !, 
  hmm . 
  i ca n't really give any numbers , but i have experienced a difference in mentality between the western dutch and the rest , when it comes to things like order and small crime . 
  we dutch tend to pay our taxes like we should ; you 're correct on that . 
  but when i think of things like unemployment benefits , student benefits , insurance , etc. 
  , we dutch as a whole are infamous both here and abroad for being a bit lax with the rules . 
  it 's an actual phenomenon that 's sometimes referred to as * `` ach , moet toch kunnen '' * ( comparable to the english * `` well , it does n't harm anyone '' * ) . 
  as long as it does n't harm a specific person , we 're ok with doing things that are n't allowed . 
  the victims tend to be companies and the government . 
  now perhaps you might be living in an area where this does n't happen , that 's perfectly possible . 
  but i think we can both agree that many dutchmen will : cross a road while it 's red when the intersection is completely empty . 
  take to home a pen from their work when they need one , print out a non-work related document at work . 
  violating traffic laws and theft . 
  yet thought by many to be perfectly fine . 
  no , absolutely not . 
  taking advantage of the system is something many dutch people do , and i 'm fairly sure others do it too . 
  we 're not all germans . 
  no doubt about it, 
  it 's pretty old actually , it has been sold for years . 
  no idea why it apparently sells well , i 'm a chocolate milk fan and i 'll happily take your cheap , fake iced coffee , but mars milk made me puke . 
  ah , so that 's why they were named after a man - and not just any man , molotov 's quite the legend - who lived a century ago ? 
  i would n't , but then again , it 's a hopeless situation anyways . 
  not exactly . 
  like he said , he admires him , but not because he thinks he 's a good finance minister . 
  rather because he 's a unique politician . 
  please elaborate before throwing such harsh statements around ... 
  * slow clap * i 've never heard that one before , no sarcasm intended . 
  i 'm gon na save it for later , thanks , 
  sadly that 's nothing but a case of `` too little , too late '' . 
  well , we already had eurovision . 
  i think that 's enough singing and dancing for our play . 
  i think it 's quite disturbing actually :d, 
  the moderators here use it to detect brigading . 
  it 's not exactly a proven method , though . 
  the brigade is always here , there 's no getting around it . 
  the quran does n't have much to say at all on most political topics , it 's just what you interpret from it . 
  i 'm sure there 's someone who can interpret from a random holy book of choice that bananas are literally the fruit of the devil and should be exterminated at all costs . 
  i respect those who practice religion , not those who abuse it for their own sick agenda . 
  the quran does n't have much to say at all , it 's just what you interpret from it . 
  i 'm sure there 's someone who can interpret of a random holy book of choice that bananas are literally the fruit of the devil and should be exterminated at all costs . 
  i respect those who practice religion , not those who abuse it for their own sick agenda . 
  then you would hate the flemish . 
  they 're even worse in that regard . 
  i 'm not far-right myself , but i do n't think it 's anywhere near acceptable to be censoring european political parties on a subreddit where all european matters are discussed . 
  heh , i 've been there twice . 
  the fact that i 've been there twice says it all i guess . 
  what 's the difference ? 
  one picture has grass , the other does not . 
  indeed . 
  france is an awesome country which i love to visit , but it 's a shame of those french  jk , of course . 
  the stereotype of an arrogant and irritated frenchman mostly only applies to parisians . 
  oh absolutely , sometimes i wonder whether i 'll ever be able to find a place without germans . 
  on the other hand , i like people to laugh at and laugh with during my stay , and the germans generally fit both . 
  also , they understand the importance of paying seperately and keeping your mouth shut until you have something to say , unlike those pesky southern europeans . 
  i might forgive their habit of digging bunkers on our beaches every summer . 
  see ? 
  you 're always complaining !,
