  first i used their deodorant , then their aftershave too , and recently i started using their shower gel . 
  nivea for men just works really well for me . 
  their products are a lot better for my skin and allergies than other brands . 
  same in the netherlands . 
  i have 3 of them , 1 is damaged but i could easily get it fixed but just did n't bothered , the other two have been going strong for 8 years now and counting . 
  recently went there for new sports clothing . 
  really surprised how much items they had , i saw equipment for sports i did n't even know existed . 
  the store was too busy with people for my taste , but if i definitely did prefer their collection over their competitors ' . 
  i think if you ask for coke here , people will look at you bewildered since you 're asking them for cocaine . 
  i never quite understood the `` coke '' vs `` coca cola '' thing !, 
  i really miss v&d in that segment . 
  good quality , multi-brand clothing , ranging from affordable , to middle-class , to semi-luxurious . 
  it was the only clothing store where i liked going to as a guy , i could look at different brands and not spend too much money all in the same store . 
  i * hate * going from store to store , especially when most stores have a much smaller collection for men than for women . 
  i mostly shop online nowadays , but that 's not really that fun and it 's much more expensive . 
  yeah . 
  they definitely seem to be favoured more than french ( to some extent ) and german cars in that segment nowadays , which in my opinion is a good thing . 
  a lot more options to choose from . 
  i understood op as talking about belgian nationalists , not flemish and walloonian nationalists . 
  the difference between regionalists and nationalists is that the latter want independence . 
  there are a growing number of nationalists , especially in flanders , but regionalists are far more common ( and not controversial ) and i would even go as far as to say that regionalism is part of the belgian identity ; it 's part of the never-ending struggle between the many institutions within the belgian federation , that more often than not are a duel between the flemish and wallonians . 
  there 's another group in flanders that wants ( re ) unification with the netherlands , but that is a rather small minority . 
  those are regionalists who think that the flemish provinces are better off within the decentralised unitary state of the netherlands , rather than in the federal state of belgium . 
  a majority of dutchmen are in favour of the idea , but it does n't make much sense for the flemish on paper ; flanders would lose a lot of the sovereignity it has now , as the dutch national government is far more powerful compared to the provinces than its weak belgian , federal counterpart . 
  there are no belgian nationalists , people who are ( extremely ) in favour of the belgian federation and its interests . 
  there are many flemish and wallonian regionalists though , the two halves of the federation , who want their region to have as much power as possible at the cost of the other . 
  some even want to gain independence and secede from the federation . 
  back during the industrial revolution , wallonia was the industrialised , richer region with tons of intellectuals , artists and considerable influence . 
  from the moment belgium was formed , the wallonians openly spoke about independence , as the poor and in their eyes backwards region of flanders was only bringing them down . 
  since ww2 , the exact opposite is true : flanders is rich , wallonia poor . 
  now some flemish want independence for the same reason . 
  this is a very simplified explanation , because belgium simply is the definition of a clusterfuck . 
  but imagine a family of two , sometimes three , sometimes four people . 
  they are always bickering about anything imaginable . 
  seldom to they agree , and when they do , it sometimes ends up being so poorly executed that they were better off not working together . 
  that 's belgium politics in a nutshell . 
  that would be regionalists, 
  i rather use grams for powder, 
  you 're right . 
  i still think ( and hope ) the nexit wo n't happen , but we ca n't deny that a large number of people are unsatisfied with the national government and eu . 
  i do n't think poland will lead the entire eu , rather i think it will be one of several regional leaders with germany still de facto leader of the entire eu and on the regional level austria and denmark and working close with its allies in sweden , poland , france and the netherlands . 
  i think france 's political instability will once again diminish their power over europe , no longer forming a presiding duo with germany but rather continuing to lead southern europe according to the german agenda with some additions of their own . 
  france does have the ability to be a more progressive , more liberal and more hard power diplomacy ( e.g. 
  european military , military interventions , more defence r&d ) addition to or replacement for germany as the leader of europe , which would be an amazing boost to the eu project in my eyes , but they 'll have to get their own government organised first . 
  front national is a serious threat to french influence and credibility throughout europe , for example . 
  the other regional powers would be sweden , the netherlands , italy and poland and to a lesser extent croatia , the czech republic and spain . 
  there 's some overlap between each other 's sphere of influence but that does n't matter because each country has its own strengths . 
  the uk will keep playing a critical role within europe if not the eu . 
  i suspect they wo n't leave the eu at all , but only time can tell . 
  i think a long discussion , full of misinformation and politicians who do n't dare to join the pro-eu and middle ground sides , about the nexit is inevitable . 
  the nexit itself wo n't happen though , no chance at all . 
  instructions unclear ; colonised the moon, 
  hah , that 's great . 
  he sounds like a native speaker , no accent at all . 
  i 've never come across dutchmen who pretend they do n't talk a foreign language . 
  we either do or we do n't , we do n't like to make it more complicated than necessary . 
  and we really do like germans !, 
  do n't be afraid , we joke about you guys all the time but we do that to all our friends . 
  yes . 
  the obvious example would be the belgians , or more specifically the flemish . 
  there are few dutch sites where no belgians come and vice versa . 
  we follow each other 's news headlines , so we both understand the other country 's memes . 
  there are a lot of inside jokes between the dutch and belgians as well , something the germans are secretly jealous of . 
  speaking about germans , they do n't speak dutch ( though they sometimes pretend they do ) , but nearly all quality dutch memes are translated to germany and become very popular there . 
  they even make german versions of our memes . 
  i 'm not even kidding , dutch jokes are very popular , especially in western germany . 
  just like with the belgians , we joke a lot about the germans , but except when it comes to football it 's sadly one-sided . 
  not surprising of course , the germans do n't have humour . 
  they are few and in-between , but i regularly come across dutch speakers from suriname , which has been an independent country for a while now . 
  they like some dutch forums and social media , generally for entertainment . 
  also fun are the south-africans , we understand each other with some difficulty as afrikaans is quite close to nederlands , but we do n't understand each other 's in-jokes . 
  two completely different cultures . 
  i very rarely see them , but when we do , the encounter usually consists of making fun of our languages . 
  afrikaans has some weird as fuck spelling , a combination of dutch from 2 centuries ago and english . 
  and we have tons of emigrants who still keep in touch with their fatherland through forums . 
  those usually live in canada , the uk , germany , belgium , australia , spain , the us and japan . 
  they 're still dutch at heart and tend to follow our news , so they usually understand our memes . 
  which is good , as our memes are top notch . 
  damn , that 's a shame . 
  even if you 're not a proponent of nuclear power , i think everyone can agree that wasting billions of tax money for political gain is unacceptable ... 
  rutte is generally viewed as a good prime minister , though his party , the vvd ( centre-right lib ) , has been under a lot of criticism due to a number of scandals . 
  he 's a very good politician and by far the best ( and arguably only ) cabinet leader candidate at the moment . 
  a lesser known fact is that he is the bridge builder of all liberal parties in the netherlands , especially groenlinks ( left lib prog ) and d66 ( libdem ) , but he also has very good relations with the pvda ( socdem ) and cda ( centre-right christdem ) . 
  a liberal victory in the upcoming elections could mean the very first liberal progressive ( relatively ; there are only 2 truly conservative parties when comparing dutch politics with other countries ) cabinet of the netherlands of vvd , d66 and groenlinks with a possible fourth party either within the cabinet or in a formal collaboration within the parliament ( gedoogsteun ) , the obvious choice being the pvda or cda . 
  his biggest flaw is probably his tendency to laugh and shrug off criticism and claims against him like its nothing , even though he will give serious answers it gives the impression that he does n't take his opponents serious at some times . 
  i do n't want to be rude , but merkel will win that one hands down . 
  nobody can rule the dance floor like momma merkel . 
  countless, 
  damn that picture is sad, 
  that 's impossible , the schulzzug does n't have any brakes !, 
  yes , it 's so frustrating to see my fellow dutchmen completely screw up compounds . 
  that sounds really idiotic, 
  haha , that 's so sad yet the outcome is satisfying . 
  both of which led to nothing . 
  the first one has still been put into force in everything but name , the second one will still be ratified as no-one wants to water it down . 
  in my opinion , that 's a good thing in both cases . 
   the nobly minded white man 's burden type i doubt these actually exist . 
  in the late 19th and early 20th century some explotation colonies did increase the quality of life of natives in an effort to `` educate '' them towards more autonomy , such as the dutch indies or british india , but i ca n't think of any colony that was established with this in mind , not even as a secondary objective next to exploitation . 
  besides , colonialism is not an ideology and not a goal in itself unless you 're belgium or germany . 
  it 's a means for a motherland to get rich , and as far as results go , it generally did very well in doing so .
