  do locations matter when you 're still receiving millions in oil money and donations every day , hundreds of combatants join your ranks and the enemy 's armies start to lose morale and supplies ? 
  and do n't pretend the us is now supporting groups [ that are any better ] ( https://www.hillandponton.com/ptsd-in-witnesses-of-sexual-assault-bacha-bazi-in-afghanistan/ ) drug lords , child abusers and those guilty of crimes against humanity , all better than the taliban ? 
  sure , some disgusting groups were aligned to the taliban , but they were also a legitimate government militia who enforced a way of religious law we in the west find awful but were actually the practice there for millenia . 
  no , it 's not all the us 's fault , but the us military operations serve as the catalyst for terrorism throughout the arab world , causing otherwise innocent boys to suicide bomb civilians . 
  taliban afghanistan kept off the british , the soviets and now the americans . 
  letting them rule the country may very well stabilise it after years of unnecessary conflict that gave us nothing but cheaper oil prices . 
  because * they * were in control . 
  dictators ruling with iron fists , killing off extremist groups and suppressing the rest from opposing them . 
  ended the tribal conflicts . 
  united the country under a somewhat progressive rule . 
  ended the struggles of the religious extremists , communists and tribes . 
  kept the country together under a moderate rule . 
  assad ? 
  ended the political infighting , religious conflicts and kept the opposing population groups under his thumb . 
  kept it all together under a progressive rule . 
  good people ? 
  benevolent dictators ? 
  nope . 
  but at least they knew how to control the many groups in their countries . 
  the us and friends removed all three from their control , now is is growing stronger every day , civil wars are happening right now and everyone 's grandmother has a kalashnikov in all three countries . 
  so while the wrong people were always there , the right people kept them under control . 
  we removed them from power , and that is our fault . 
  you ... what ... kony 2012 was about kony , the leader of [ these guys ] ( https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/lord%27s_resistance_army ) . 
  terrorists , genocide militia , child soldier slavers . 
  in the name of the lord , the christian one . 
  maybe he 's a native frenchman . 
  just an ` elpful reminder . 
  the authorities keep holding back information . 
  makes sense , of course , but that means they 're still busy with operations . 
  a case of the lesser of two evils . 
  all about context . 
  why is that weird ? 
  the holocaust happened in name of christianity . 
  many churches all over europe supported the nazi regime , by providing aid , service and after the war , false documents so the criminals could escape . 
  should christians feel guilty for what the nazis did ? 
  should muslims feel guilty for what is does ? 
  why will the majority in our society answer the first question with `` no '' , and the second one with `` yes '' ? 
  is n't that extremely hypocritical ? 
  the problem with iran is that religious conservatives seized power . 
  it used to be very western and progressive , which you can still find in the population . 
  many people see is as the lesser of two evils , compared to assad . 
  it 's all about the context . 
  same . 
  going to brussels on thursday . 
  including a rocket launcher . 
  like , what the fuck . 
  you may not be afraid , but it 's clear many people are . 
  discrimination is at an all time high . 
  the us should still be blamed for their middle east policy during the cold war , which predates the coup d'etats by the religious conservatives . 
  let 's not forget both syria and iran were once the richest and most western countries in the entire middle east . 
  i hear he 's an excellent bbq chef as well . 
  rumour has it he had bbq parties on the roof of the white house . 
  the west made it possible for is to exist . 
  hussein and assad could 've suppressed them with military power and a couple chemical weapons if necessary , but no , failed democracy and fake freedom are so important we must spread it everywhere . 
  ca n't miss out on those low oil prices , can we ? 
  then you 've missed kony 2012 , christians fighting against all other religions and atheists . 
  christian terrorists in africa , buddhist terrorists in south east asia , hindu terrorists in south asia , jewish terrorists in israel and the us . 
  you might have heard of kony 2012 . 
  christians . 
  know what they have in common ? 
  happening in 2015 . 
  it did support terrorism . 
  same for libya . 
  say about hussein and gaddafi what you want , at least they knew how to suppress the tribes that now kill hundreds of innocent people every * month * . 
  clearly the uk and us failed to install a government that could stay in control . 
  the west did n't withdraw from the middle east after winning a series of wars . 
  they simply surrendered years after the conventional war ended , even though the conflict was still going strong , gave control to corrupt , unable and contested puppet governments and guess what ? 
  now we have is and co. . why ? 
  because the situation was hopeless and endless and we caused it by removing the dictators from powers . 
  and now it 's even more hopeless . 
  generally that 's exactly what happens : first generation : hard working immigrants who are thankful for the opportunity for them and their families . 
  usually do n't integrate and barely speak the language , but they are contend . 
  second generation : the children that were either born abroad or here , they are the first to really integrate into society . 
  they speak the language and accept our values , but also keep their own traditions with pride . 
  third generation : this is where they assimilate or segregate . 
  either they feel like they are native to the new country , and besides a few family traditions and a second language , are exactly like most others in their society , or they do n't know who they are anymore , fail to feel accepted in their society and eventually segregate , with the danger of radicalisation when pushed towards hatred against the society they feel alien towards . 
  such identity crisis are common for the third generation . 
  they are no longer like their grandparents , and sometimes they do n't feel like they are like their classmates either . 
  when that happens , they have a family with traditions they do n't recognise , a society they feel alien towards and the only ones they can turn to are others like them . 
  that only strengthens the feeling . 
  it 's these groups that organisations like is recruit from , which is apparently as easy as stealing candy from a baby . 
  indoctrinating confused youth who feel alien towards the entire world , one of the oldest tricks in the book . 
  fact is the fear and discrimination terrorist attacks sow only strengthens segregation , radicalisation and thus the terrorists . 
  sadly most people actively discriminate , unknowingly or not . 
  you 're blaming the eu for belgium having to shelter the asylum seekers because human rights and the geneva conventions forbid deporting processed asylum seekers to war zones . 
  you 're blaming the eu for the fact that the federal government of belgium ca n't keep up with the high number of asylum seekers . 
  the eu has nothing to do with that at all . 
  it 's an easy scapegoat for every problem * you * ca n't seem to place where it should be , in this case the federal government of belgium . 
  there is a lot you can blame europe for , but come on , this is just beyond stupid . 
  the `` pc bullshit '' is an american phenomenon . 
  you 're evaluating europe with problems that do not exist here . 
  hate speech is a crime , burkas are outlawed in public places and unlike what you seem to be suggesting , we do n't need to terrorise immigrants into accepting our values and society . 
  the fact that you imply that the us has a successful immigration policy is nothing short of hilarious . 
  american attorneys do n't have a good reputation here . 
  you 're just ignoring the fact that you represent a stereotype disliked by people throughout the world . 
  is n't / r/belgium pretty much dead ? 
  we 've got so many flemish on / r/thenetherlands nowadays . 
  kanzlerin , as merkel is a woman . 
  hmm , good point . 
  sadly i do n't think there 's any political will for it right now since it is n't a big issue yet .
