  there would n't be any veto-ing since such an army would n't rely on the eu as a whole but on the participants of each battlegroup ; those not willing to join the intervention would simply be removed from the battlegroups involved and replaced . 
  thing is , he 's not just a politician , he 's the face of the eu which is n't exactly popular at all at the moment . 
  he * has to * sell this concept in a way that it does n't sound too frightening towards the general public ; which is still the eu 's largest enemy since 2004 . 
  he points this out directly by justifying having a european army in the same way european nations are already justifying their own . 
  he mentions defending europe , guaranteeing unity and making the eu more capable when it comes to foreign policies . 
  critics would say he 's trying to turn europe in an empire-like autocracy trying to steamroll over the non-eu countries in what 's basically nothing but a military race with russia and the us . 
  that 's mostly nonsense in my opinion , but it 's such nonsense that juncker is facing every time he gives an interview . 
  ( although i 'd like to add i do n't agree with some of his views , and do think the eu is doing some things wrong ), 
  our cars are much better though !, 
  i have to add that hungary is a failure in every way and an exception at that . 
  slovakia and croatia , both neighbours of hungary , have been huge success stories as far as their eu membership goes , and are genuinely participating in a more unified europe , unlike hungary . 
  it will get at it 's worst by then . 
  does n't mean it will get better after that , as the elderly wo n't simply die off in 2026 . 
  yes , most definitely . 
  in recent years , all parties have increased their campaigning efforts for the elections , something that used to be frowned upon in the netherlands . 
  sure , there were campaign posters at strategic locations throughout the cities , and sure , that were allowed 2 minutes time on state television , but some parties are now actively trying to gain support - especially the youth , who are the biggest group of floating voters ( and as always , the least interested in elections ) . 
  during those campaigns , populist parties shine . 
  their leaders visit protests , rallies and hold conferences in cities but also villages throughout the country , and sway the potential voters with their ( often unrealistic ) promises , firm handshakes and lots of selfies . 
  i agree . 
  while the floating voters are the horror of traditional parties , they might be a great tool for progressive democracies . 
  i especially like to see people in my social circles being critical of all parties , weighing a party 's actions after the previous elections , looking at their respective programmes and then deciding what party to vote for . 
  while not all voters are like that , i am personally experiencing that voters tend to really think about their vote , not choosing a party blindly . 
  i 've heard of people voting for progressive liberals instead of social democrats because they find that the latter have failed during their time governing the country , believing others can do better . 
  i think that 's a promising trend . 
  parties are an old concept ; we need to modernise the system . 
  indeed . 
  the netherlands is nothing compared to japan ; the problem is gigantic there and japanese society suffers greatly already . 
  i hope they come with a solution so we can learn from them . 
  well i totally agree with you on that point . 
  but you have to understand that 50plus is a populist party cleverly making use of a large number of dissatisfied elderly . 
  is that the fault of the mainstream parties ? 
  most definitely . 
  but it is wrong for the elderly to be represented by a party that has a clear vision on what demographics they aim for ? 
  i do n't think so . 
  at least , in theory . 
  in practice , 50plus promotes social policies in favour of the elderly * at the cost of * the workers and the students . 
  that is where the party goes wrong in my opinion , and that is exactly what you refer to . 
  you 'd think so , but the dutch political landscape is very unique with its famous `` floating voters '' . 
  these people generally are interested into social issues and voting , but do n't have any loyalty to any one party , and instead decide every election what party to vote for . 
  some because they no longer trust the party they used to follow ( especially the case with the cda ( christian democrats ) and pvda ( labour ) ) , some because they lack interest in party politics . 
  quite remarkable is that an increasing amount of older voters have joined the floating voters , dissatisfied with the parties that rebuilt the netherlands after ww2 ( again , especially cda and pvda ) . 
  needless to say , floating voters are a politician and journalist nightmare . 
  the percentage of these unknown votes is pretty high , i 'd guess about 20 % , but i do n't have any statistics at the moment . 
  while that 's true and all , the problem here is that we can no longer afford the current social welfare ( and especially for the elderly ) . 
  the system was introduced when the amount of workers surpassed the amount of retirees with multiple factors , now the elderly make up half the population while children , students and workers make up the other half . 
  i was n't talking about the future elderly not being able to buy a yacht anymore . 
  they will not be able to buy medication , rent and even food - a trend already happening right now with elderly people not being able to treat common ailments . 
  a disgrace for dutch society , where we like to believe this is n't even possible . 
  towards 2025 , the elderly to workers ratio will only get worse . 
  we need a significant pack of controversial reforms to deal with this ... or just wait it out and pray the next generations will deal with it . 
  it 's not that easy . 
  you need to know the context to understand this reaction . 
  i 'll try to keep it short , skip to the last paragraph if you do n't want to read . 
  ever since ww2 , the dutch society and economy became incredibly rich , despite the war disrupting the entire economy and the loss of colonies . 
  under the guidance of the two biggest rivals of dutch politics , the pvda ( labour ) and vvd ( conservative liberals ) , a great social welfare program was built while the netherlands became a key player in international diplomacy , mainly through the un and eu . 
  economics called it `` the dutch miracle '' - against everything we expected to happen , the netherlands was n't only rebuilt , it became more successful than it ever was in the 300 years prior . 
  our government spent money on social welfare and infrastructure as if it was growing on trees . 
  the oil crisis , end of the cold war and rise of eastern europe and asia in the 90 's abruptly ended this era . 
  the dutch industry started to collapse , farmers had trouble staying competitive and banks and funds - the mightiest sector - were starting to become unstable ( which was the main factor behind why the eurocrisis and crisis of 2007 were very dangerous to the dutch economy ) . 
  it was the recent series of crisis that shocked us with what we already knew since the 90 's : the dutch miracle is over , our economy is troubled , our government no longer able to throw around money , our society so reliant on a social welfare system we can no longer afford to keep . 
  a lot ( note : there are many elderly who know the situation very well and do not complain , it 's always a vocal minority and there 's no `` war between the age groups '' at all ) of older voters do n't like the recent cuts in the program and the raise of the age of retirement ( 65 to 67 ) , as they were the ones who rebuilt the netherlands and supported the governments in introducing the social welfare we all owe a lot to . 
  at the same time , youth and adults do n't like the cuts in infrastructure , the state and education as a result of the cuts in welfare not saving enough money . 
  more than 60 % of the state budget goes to welfare , while the army ca n't pay its upkeep , police ca n't keep up with modern technology , infrastructure is growing old ( for dutch standards ... ) , the cost of education keeps increasing and local governments are over capacity . 
  we dutch are famous for being able to and always striving for all parties being able to reach an unanimously supported solution . 
  problem is , there currently is no solution except for cutting so deep into our welfare that it will literally hurt society and healthcare . 
  i know that seems strange , but it is n't * that * ridiculous . 
  every population group has their own political party , which there are roughly 15-20 national parties of , of which 11 are in parliament along with a few independents ( who left their former parties ) . 
  in addition , there are literally hundreds of region and local parties , mind you . 
  what * is * strange is that the elderly no longer feel represented by the parties they used to be loyal to , such as the partij van de arbeid ( labour ) and vvd ( conservative liberals ) . 
  the pvv ( socialist nationalistic populists ) also tried to appeal to the elderly , especially in more rural regions , and succeeded so some extent . 
  they have been very vocal , but without a better alternative , there 's no need to go riot or something . 
  we 're very sober and serious when it comes to social problems like these . 
  just because our future is cooler and healthier does n't mean it will be as good . 
  our medicine may become much better than it is today , that will mean nothing if we can not afford to get it , or any luxuries for that matter . 
  it 's far more complicated than that , but the problem i was referring to is that these reserves can not be sustained on the same level if the money the youth have to contribute to the upkeep of the elderly dramatically increases in ratio - which is happening right now and will only worse from 2025 on . 
  the pensions will decrease , care for the elderly will become ( even ) more expensive , the economy will suffer and the youth will have to pay a lot for care they are likely to never receive themselves . 
  it does n't help that a large amount of the savings of the elderly is currently is inaccessible and unused . 
  the netherlands has the largest savings in the world , both per capita _ and _ in total , yet it 's useless to our society as most of it is owned by elderly people who wo n't spend a single cent of it before passing away . 
  the only solution would be unpopular reforms that affect all of us ( which so far have n't succeeded in the last two decades ) . 
  it 's stalinist communist , so no group is experiencing poverty . 
  everyone is experiencing poverty !, 
  ( except the elite , of course ), 
  and he has it better than the next generations to retire ... 
  correct . 
  problem is that these reserves are likely to run dry by the time the young adults of now need it , due to the disproportionate amount of older generations to youth . 
  according to him , we should immediately invade israel , turkey , china and indonesia as well , because terrorists !, 
  you 're comparing colonial empires 2 centuries ago with the russian federation , which is quite unfair . 
  russia is , together with the balkans and turkey , the only one still pursuing ethnic prosecution or segregation . 
  as a matter of fact , those three and nazi germany are the only regions where ethnic cleansing happened in the last 100 years . 
  and while irrelevant , i should note that the netherlands never enslaved millions , rather a few thousand . 
  sweden , denmark and * russia * enslaved more africans and central asians . 
  it 's a common error even many dutchmen make , because our trading companies did work together with foreign slavers , even though they were barely involved with the actual process . 
  except it does . 
  you 're literally saying the only reason the war happened was because an extremist group was committing terrorist attacks . 
  a war not involving just russia and this group , but the entire state of chechnya . 
  then you compare this case of using terrorist attacks to justify invading and occupying a country with ww2 , which was a just war . 
  iraq can not be compared to this , afghanistan can and everyone here will agree it was terrible . 
  ah , because in / r/europe , nobody ever discusses colonial extermination by belgium , minority extermination by germany , the genocides of turkey , the religious massacres of spain and the balkan massacres . 
  russia is neither satan or a saint , but you surely do have more recent blood on your hands than others . 
  that stalin ( and others ) fought a number of minorities throughout the su is well known , but most specific massacres / deportations in the caucasus ever get any attention internationally , unlike how you claim .
