  only the jewish , chech , georgian , finnish , baltic and crimean tragedies are discussed from time to time . 
  the ottomans / turkish prosecuting their minorities , including the armenians and kurds , is better known than the different russias forcefully altering the population of the caucasus . 
  he said successful , not politically disabled . 
  western europe is , overall , the region with the highest population density . 
  it should be noted that there are small religious communities dotted around these countries as well , which tend to be where these outbreaks happen . 
  and , unlike the us , these are small communities , not entire regions . 
  our `` bible belts '' consist of a few towns and hamlets close to each other , nothing major . 
  sadly the medical sector depends a lot on who can pay their employees the most . 
  it really hurts hospitals when other hospitals `` steal '' their best and leading doctors and surgeons . 
  we have n't had any dangerous flu outbreaks in the west since ww2 . 
  the `` mexican flu '' was the only epidemic that had the * potential * to be dangerous to global society , but it turned out to be as deadly as the common flu - and it did n't even come close to the amount of people ( often with a weakened immune system ) the common flu kills every year . 
  that you have n't caught any serious diseases does n't mean you 're immune and do n't need vaccines . 
  you 're saying you survived a couple of flu outbreaks - so do the other billions of people with an immune system capable of doing so . 
  half the entire human species catches a type of flu every year - the common flu is called common for a reason . 
  if you have n't been vaccinated against the diseases common in your area , i urge you to do so . 
  it 's a preventive medicine that wo n't hurt you and , depending on where you live , will cost you nothing . 
  if you ever do catch one of the ( often horrible , sometimes even with permanent damage if not death ) diseases we have been vaccinating entire generations for , you 'll wish you had been vaccinated . 
  ** tl ; dr : ** that you survived some flu outbreaks means nothing . 
  and in this case , denying your children vaccines is most definitely stupid, 
  sadly that 's a problem for all of europe ... homeopathic , more like , pathetic ... 
  baby jesus , why did n't * you * invest in eastern poland ? 
  you 're right . 
  it 's a recognised minority language , not an official language . 
  the palestinian authority is negotiating , and has always negotiated , with israel . 
  the militant side of hamas is what you keep referring to , but they are n't even part of the authority . 
  their political side is - but they do n't block negotiations at all . 
  the conflict is quite a popular international politics topic in the netherlands , despite being controversial . 
  there is a strong minority of well-integrated jews here , and palestinians are some of the most numerous refugee nationalities . 
  i think what might be different in our country is that the atheist and christian dutchmen are overall neutral towards the conflict . 
  that automatically means that any extremism - on either side - is frowned upon and ignored . 
  that means the discussion can be held in a civil manner , with all sides being able to voice their opinions . 
  out of 12 political parties in the netherlands , only 1 exclusively supports israel ( freedom party / partij voor de vrijheid ) . 
  the others agree that a two state solution , agreeable by both sides , is the only solution . 
  studies have shown the number of voters identifying themselves as jews voting for the aforementioned party , is negligible . 
  like my palestinian barber said : `` the idf killed my entire family except my cousin and uncle . 
  collateral damage . 
  yet i will never treat a jew , or even an israelian , any different than you or any other dutchman for that matter . 
  as long as they let me be a palestinian muslim , and do not ridicule me for being that , i will be happy to give them a haircut . '', 
  except ireland never will . 
  they are a small country with a tiny army and no stable economy . 
  still recovering from war and disaster , they are in no way able to involve themselves into war ; which they wo n't , as they are officially neutral . 
  you might want to help them on that front first . 
  because now , you 're giving nothing back to ireland at all , you 've merely accepted irish emigrants / refugees over the decades . 
  i think the conclusion is that there 's definitely a case of submission here . 
  because the kremlin is pro-israel . 
  a better question is , * why * . 
  a large minority of russians in israel , strategic interests in the middle east , the idf working together with both western and russian weapon companies , other economic interests in israel . 
  yiddish is an official language in russia , and russian is an official language in israel . 
  russia has had ties with israel from the very start , and actively supported emigration to the country . 
  the two nations are n't exactly allies per se , or even friends , but they are strong partners . 
  north cyprus is a region of abandoned urban ruins , has no denizens and is a turkish military occupied territory . 
  palestine is an urban self-governing civilian satellite state of israel under military pressure . 
  not comparable , really . 
  barely . 
  both russia and the us support and recognise israel . 
  if the us is the biggest influence on israel , russia is a close second . 
  europe is officially neutral towards the conflict , but except for a number of right-wing parties , most generally lean towards a two state soliton , and thus palestina . 
  you can also recognise the people 's republic of china without recognising the communist party . 
  ww2-era germany without recognising the nazi regime . 
  israel without recognising the `` jewish state '' . 
  it 's not solidarity . 
  it is submission in the case of ireland . 
  our waterworks are , except for storm gates , surprisingly low-tech !, 
  which is exactly why countries in south asia , the middle east and south america are building their own as we speak . 
  natural sight is n't exactly a literal term . 
  simply put , it means rural landscapes without urban sights such as highways . 
  basically plains , forests , riverbeds , etcetera . 
  does n't matter if those plains are reclaimed , forests are planted and riverbeds are artificial . 
  in the case of this post , people liked the sight of farms , marshes and tiny forests , and did n't like the idea of a highway running through it . 
  nothing of that part of the netherlands is natural , it 's all man-made . 
  no , but if we would follow the german system ( which does n't work flawlessly due to overcapacity and dependence on unreliable energy , such as solar energy ) , a surplus at a school and a deficit at a high rise would balance each other out . 
  buildings do n't need to generate their own electricity . 
  buildings can help save or generate electricity for the entire network . 
  there are plans to create more polders there , but we are still investigating ecological effects and economic profitability . 
  the north of the netherlands is in no way poor , but it is underdeveloped and having trouble with attracting and keeping young people there . 
  as for the salt , we flush it away with water . 
  i ca n't tell you how exactly , but we 've been doing it for centuries . 
  while some parts are infertile ( especially in north holland ) or have soil problems ( flevoland ) , other polders have served our agriculture well ( zeeland , north brabant ), 
  the best example may be our best known dike ( which is actually a dam ) : the afsluitdijk . 
  separating the sea from what has now become a lake , there 's a highway on it that made travelling from the western provinces to the northern ones much faster . 
  in ww2 , it was the location of one of the strongest pockets of dutch armed forces when the wehrmacht invaded , which had difficulty crossing the narrow trip of land whilst under fire . 
  the germans initially failed to conquer it , delaying their invasion and giving british and dutch sailors enough time to evacuate key dutch persons and jewish families and orphans . 
  yeah , why not ? 
  quite some high rises in rotterdam and the hague have solar panels already , and the greens are investigating placing panels on all government buildings . 
  personally , i think solar energy is the * least * attractive clean option for the netherlands , but i can see why people are against wind mills and nuclear energy . 
  the most innovative idea so far that was invented here and will probably be tested by us and the belgians , is to create artificial islands in the sea with artificial lakes in them . 
  using a system of pumps and hydro power plants , and using the lake as water reservoir ( filling it with high tide , emptying at low tide ) , we can now generate hydro powers without blocking off rivers and destroying entire valleys . 
  all coastal defences are ready for a sea level increase of 5 to 6 meters , as you said the river defences ( especially towards the south and east ) are being upgraded in the coming years in cooperation with the other countries the rhine flows through . 
  we have some semi-elevated ( raised grass hills ) highways and train tracks that technically function as dikes . 
  you 'll see them a lot in agricultural regions near rivers and the western coast especially . 
  our coastal seas tend to be ugly , useless and dangerous during storms . 
  so no , nobody sheds a tear when they are enclosed ( zeeland , zuiderzee ) or reclaimed ( flevoland , north holland ), 
  we have lots of ship elevators , countless canals , highways under water bridges ( not sure where , somewhere in the randstad ) and highways under airstrips . 
  or the betuwelijn . 
  it 's so pathetic that it 's hilarious . 
  ample space on roofs to power every household . 
  i 'll give you half the price, 
  the rivers ( and especially the deltas ) and polders ( groundwater / downpour ) are way more vulnerable than our coasts . 
  it 's something not a lot of people realise , but you can easily see large waterworks and other measures inside and near cities on maps of the netherlands . 
  some of those are centuries old , eventually forming the city that was built around such defences .
