  i do n't understand why you 'd go biking on vacation , but perhaps that 's because i already do that the rest of the year . 
  except we 're not on time , we 're always a bit too early or a bit too late . 
  yup , i 've been there !, 
  most of the time though , i found myself completely surrounded by germans . 
  but that happens everywhere in europe , including the netherlands , so i got used to it . 
  yeah , the ( older ) french are notorious for that . 
  i still do n't understand that . 
  they seem to know english pretty well , but they just refuse to speak it . 
  on the other hand , the amount of young germans who do n't speak english at all is most disturbing . 
  i too would become suicidal when i share a vehicle with a german who 's about to be late . 
  i 'll be honest , i was n't expecting much when i went to croatia two years ago . 
  we really only went there because our trip to sweden had been cancelled due to bad weather , we did n't feel like going to italy again , france was now occupied by the french , we already went to spain and our favourite place in austria was already full . 
  so , croatia . 
  paradise . 
  best place i 've ever been to . 
  also the only country where i did n't meet a single angry german , which is a miracle . 
  that 's really stereotypical belgian , lol . 
  it 's almost eerie . 
  let me make it clear that i absolutely agree with you . 
  the situation has gotten worse , not for decades , but for centuries even . 
  those thinking the great depression was the first global economic crisis need to delve more into history ; the tulip mania of the netherlands in the 17th century partially crashed an economy that was in fact not only the first , but also by far the biggest economy based on the same type of capitalism we still use today . 
  putting my patriotism aside , there are many other examples of economies that were so succesful that they ended in crisis : the spanish gold hyper-inflation from the colonial times killed the spanish economy and empire , which * it still has n't recovered from * . 
  the rapid japanese industrialisation in the 19th and 20th centuries crashed the japanese markets * multiple times * from the 1970s to today . 
  russia 's immense inheritance from the soviet union paralysed the nation for more than a decade , only to result in an isolated economic crisis that is still ravaging the russian market and society . 
  now we face global crisis once again ( because the series that started in 2007 have n't ended yet and the global economy is still very fragile ) , it 's good to think about what to do to prevent it . 
  fact is , nobody can see the entire financial world . 
  we can map the stars , trace the entirety of the internet , scan the deepest ravines of the oceans , but nobody has any clue what our globalised economy looks like . 
  nobody knows what to do . 
  and nobody can do anything about it , alone . 
  so yes , on a national level , governments and banks can work together to create systems that are as transparent and fail-proof as possible . 
  but the economy has n't been a national matter since the 17th century ; co-operation is definitely needed . 
  eu , asean , nafta , cis and other transnational bodies can play a key role in this , but there needs to be a lot of capital and both political and corporate will to implement all these securities , pacts , systems , authorities and whatnot . 
  and sadly , the capital is n't there , there 's a political conflict of interests and the corporations do n't want to make sacrifices . 
  we 'll need another series of global economic crisis to make it possible for us as a global civilisation to prevent more crisis . 
  a more destructive one that will affect millions , if not billions of people . 
  so no , your list of options is n't complete : - force banks to be good across the world and diminish the risk of a worldwide crisis as far as possible . 
  ( currently not possible , not enough support ) - force banks to be good on a national level and decrease the risk of a collapse on a national level , but negatively affect your economy . 
  ( pretty much trust other governments to do the same in good faith ; extremely naive ) - hope banks will be good and risk system collapse worldwide . 
  ( the option we seem to be going for at the moment ) an international economy that runs with a small risk is sadly as far away a dream as global peace and solving world hunger . 
  but that does n't mean we should try to achieve it , in my opinion . 
  i 'm not quite sure what you 're taking about here , when businesses move elsewhere , they take all assets with them , their clients and their ... more valuable human resources included . 
  the government ca n't just obliterate businesses at will , then prevent them from moving to a place that 's not run by blind fascists ... that would be unlawful . 
   if it does n't then it 's not allowed to do business in the u.s. , because the u.s. might not have authority over those other offices but it does control who does business within its borders . 
  i understand , but this would only mean driving out the banks that currently make the united states the financial power it is . 
  wall street , the big corporations , lawyer companies , they all rely on the power of american banks . 
  without these , they 'll just move to other financial capitals , such as london , frankfurt , moscow , beijing , tokyo . 
  or , if they want to benefit from lowered taxes , dublin , zurich , amsterdam , malta , reyjkjavik , singapore , etc. 
  my point is , the us can not afford it , because there is no reason at all that these banks would agree to be cut down in size and then stay operating in the us . 
  none of these companies care for the nation , only for the market the nation provides , and when a government would diminish the market as you are suggesting to do , then they 'll simply pack and leave . 
  not to mention this is already the case to some extent , except with your law , the symbolic headquarters would leave the us too , probably resulting in a manhattan full of empty buildings . 
   what makes you think that , exactly ? 
  are you under the impression that the loans or the ability to engage in banking or the assets just disappear or something ? 
  yes , because you want to cut down the huge banks that make the economy run . 
  let 's not forget that they * own * the financial world . 
  the financial crisis ( which begun in 2007 and are still going on for some countries ) were caused by the financial world , yes , but that 's because they literally control the economy that much . 
  and i think the us might be the best example of the fact that when one bank falls , nobody 's worried yet , but the reality is there 's a domino effect . 
  the us government acted too late , causing multiple large banks to fall one by one like dominoes . 
  in western europe , usually only one bank fell after which the rest were bailed out and then sold or nationalised . 
  of course that 's very simply put , since the financial world is much more complicated than that , but the truth is that it 's all intertwined up there . 
  and that 's dangerous , like you say , but that also means we ca n't really do much about it . 
   if the state wants to it 's trivial to do . 
  just start imprisoning people for contempt until they cough up the money . 
  faced with an unending prison sentence without even a trial , people generally tell you where it 's hidden and fetch it for you pretty quickly . 
  to get around this the business would have to have nobody physically present in the country ( along with no assets to seize , for that matter ) and that 's kind of difficult . 
  i think this comes down to the same thing . 
  you 're proposing a guantanamo for bankers , let 's just ignore the diplomatic and constitutional problems that would cause , but more importantly , bankers * do n't care * . 
  again , they 'll just move their business elsewhere . 
  of course they 'd lose income from the ( by now plunged into chaos ) american market , but the us government would lose a lot more : stocks fall , businesses go bankrupt , * the us government 's debt increases dramatically * . 
  oh and again , the state , * the politicians * , really do n't want to . 
  even the most extreme flavours , the communists and ultranationalists , would n't want such a dramatic measure . 
   instead speculation refers to much higher risk activities . 
  mostly investing in stocks and other more exotic financial instruments . 
  broadly the sorts of things that day traders and hedge fund managers do . 
  which the banks need to do to turn a profit . 
   the reason for the distinction is that traditional banking is a tried and true model with very little chance of dramatic failure a tried and true model from the 14th century , until the 17th century saw the rise of globalisation , loans and stock trading . 
  the dutch and the british conquered the world with this new type of capitalism , and we 've used it ever since . 
  it 's simply impossible to go back , unless you want to reset the entire global civilisation with some apocalyptic event . 
  thanks , but no thanks . 
  banks are n't store houses for money that take a fee from their customers once in a while anymore . 
  it 's not realistic at all to expect them to return to that . 
  again , this all sounds nice on paper , but does n't work in reality at all . 
  laws mean nothing when they can not be enforced or are never activated in the first place . 
  this has more to do with politics and economics than justice . 
  let me show you a political science student 's view on your law scenario , haha . 
   you could put a literal profit cap for example . 
  any money over the cap gets returned to customers , meaning there 's no point in trying to squeeze money out of them while engaging in increasingly risky financial gambling . 
  a profit cap does n't mean money gets returned to customers , it means money goes to the state . 
  you seem to be implying that this somehow ends up back in the taxpayer 's pockets , while this is not necessarily true . 
  more income for the state does not automatically mean lower taxes for the public , not in the first place because the two money flows go to and originate from seperate budgets . 
   you could even unilaterally dissolve every bank above a certain small , manageable size . 
  you could , but this will never happen , because it will never succeed , and i see no use in discussing it . 
  try to see the logic of the example i gave on luxembourg . 
  now apply that to the us , with your scenario of the government dissolving all large banks . 
  your scenario just destroyed the us economy , plunging people and businesses alike into bankruptcy . 
  as the state 's social services can no longer meet the demands of the people and the national reserves can no longer keep the economy running , society collapses and the government loses her legitimacy . 
  as the economy grinds to a halt , entire industries go under , scientific institutions move abroad , the military is no longer being paid and the entire police force is trying to maintain order in a crumbling society of what was once a first-world nation . 
  best case scenario , the government reverts the change and starts to recover . 
  sounds fictional , right ? 
  well , it 's more realistic than the scenario of beheading most of the financial circles in one nation only . 
  as a matter of fact , this happened multiple times in history ; weimar germany and soviet russia come to mind , and it is the horror scenario of greece that is happening right now at this very moment .
