  edit : they still use it ? 
  that 's fascinating !, 
  well , one of the most difficult things for foreigners is that we both use an `` ij '' and `` ei '' with no difference in pronunciation whatsoever . 
  you just need to know which words get which one of the two . 
  example : train - trein pain - pijn, 
  it has already been changed back unfortunately, 
  they 're nordics now ? 
  you guys really ca n't make up your minds about them , can you ? 
  true , but * nobody * can read finnish . 
  eeeeeeeeeeh ... close enough i guess ? 
  dammit . 
  that was not what i intended . 
  well that explains it !, 
  but now i 'm sad :(, 
  berlusconi does n't need to be on-topic to ~ ~ end ~ ~ bunga bunga the thread . 
  re - / thread, 
  i do n't know about his political decisions , but he always seemed like a good person to me . 
  very open and honest , from what i 've seen . 
  i 'd like to see the same in the netherlands . 
  our prime ministers pretty much fall into the same age group , ethnicity , religious direction , social class , gender ... 
  you must be new here . 
  your username does n't help . 
  your tone was not interpretable . 
  there are many trolls , idiots and jerks on reddit . 
  and it seems i was mistaken , you * are * one of them . 
  perhaps read your own comments before posting . 
  you forgot the obligatory ^ / s , then . 
  this is n't really the right sub to make nazi jokes without saying you are joking . 
  especially not with the amount of jerks and trolls we 're getting here . 
  ~ ~ it looked like you were ~ ~ you are one of them , 
   lol yeah your moral compass is really straight and narrow . 
  switzerland educated kim jung un . 
  good fucking job . 
  -  if you sanction nk you do n't let the country 's leader 's son attend your school . 
  pretty simple . 
  incohesive responses . 
  avoiding critical questions . 
  unable to reason . 
  not sure whether you 're an ignorant liar ( assuming you did n't get a liberal arts bachelor degree at the local pot dealer ) or a troll . 
  i 'd link your comments at / r/shitamericanssay , if it were n't for the rule that i ca n't link to threads i participated in . 
  but your activity in / r/blameamerica would make it low-hanging fruit anyways . 
  please enjoy the rest of your sunday . 
  and all hail the people 's marshall , kim jong-un . 
  you seem to imply switzerland is hypocrite for sanctioning north-korea while allowing kim jong-un a higher education degree . 
  i pointed out that that 's incorrect as switzerland has never sanctioned north-korea , so that hypocrisy is nothing but a fabric of yours ; rendering your point invalid once again . 
  i did not give my opinion on whether switzerland should sanction north-korea . 
  but , since you seem to be asking , they should n't because it would break their neutrality . 
  whether said neutrality is a good thing or a bad thing is something i have n't decided upon yet , but that 's another debate entirely . 
  well i am a european ( as my flair clearly states ) , so there 's that . 
  but if you truly do possess critical thinking skills - which is not apparent at all in your responses in this thread so far - then you must lack the ability to elaborate upon your point further . 
  as it is now , your opinion is incredibly single-sided / biased , based on an incorrect assumption and simply void of any logic whatsoever concerning politics and ethics . 
  especially the latter makes me doubt you are an academic at all . 
  and i believe that makes good evidence i possess critical thinking skills . 
  you still have n't answered the question . 
  kim jong-un , at least at the time , did not represent north-korea in any way whatsoever but his relationship to his father . 
  he was n't the heir at the time and , according to those who knew him , was very modern and westernised . 
  to refuse a young adult a chance for good education on grounds of his lineage is immoral . 
  the north-korean situation is n't switzerland 's fault . 
  that is the answer to the question you keep ignoring . 
  besides , switzerland does n't sanction north-korea ( it did refuse a deal for the party 's ski resort , but that 's not a sanction ) . 
  so your point is completely invalid anyways . 
  or , perhaps a better list from the same statistics : liechenstein & monaco ( 0 ) san marino , iceland & french polynesia ( 1 ) macao & luxembourg ( 4 ) bahrain ( 7 ) singapore ( 11 ) kuwait ( 12 ) slovenia ( 14 ) small states with a population you can count with your hands are not included . 
  ordered by amount , not by percentage . 
   i think the other guy was talking about murder statistics that explains indonesia being among that list . 
  their government actively adjusts statistics , directly and indirectly . 
  an irrelevant fact . 
  terrorists do n't have to be muslims , mind you . 
  he just said that to prevent any paranoia . 
  just means there 's no need to worry for anyone not involved directly . 
  it 's understandable , but not justified . 
  the link stems from a false bias , not from reality . 
  bias leads to prejudice leads to discrimination . 
  your quote is incorrect . 
  he says that so people do n't freak out . 
  paranoia for terrorism is pretty high at the moment . 
  what he basically says is `` it 's a very unfortunate incident , but nothing to worry about for those not involved '' . 
  \\  among the most peaceful and safe nations in the world \\  implies three shootings mean guns are now a problem idiots and criminals will always stay idiots and criminals . 
  i 'm not a supporter of lax gun policies , but in the case of switzerland , there 's no reason to adjust them . 
  shady financial sector . 
  neutrality has a very dark side in switzerland 's case . 
  although the amount of butthurt does surprise me as well . 
  i do n't go to switzerland because it 's too expensive for me , but the few swiss people i met were friendly . 
  so calling other germanics nazis is a thing now ? 
  that 's quite disgraceful towards your ancestors . 
  you 're talking about sanctioning countries , referring to switzerland 's neutral status , but the topic here is turning away one person in particular . 
  you evaded the question . 
  he was sarcastic , the frenchman was making a joke . 
  no , you 're confusing war goals for what their intentions were . 
  i clearly said war goals . 
  what i said is still correct . 
  i then agreed that their annexations being part of what their intentions all along were . 
  but that is frankly irrelevant to my initial comment , which did n't mention such a thing . 
  you 're trying to correct me on something i never said . 
  no , it is true ; while russia indeed did annex most of eastern europe during ww2 ( which was pretty much just a continuation of their pre-war policies ) , their only goal was to defeat the reich and get revenge . 
  the ussr did n't join ww2 because it wanted to conquer europe . 
  hence it was n't a war goal of theirs . 
  the ussr was indeed as bad as nazi-germany in its aggression , but above all you could not expect the red army to liberate their enemies in eastern europe in the first place . 
  after all , many joined or otherwise supported the wehrmacht 's advance towards russia ; that hostility towards russia was already well before the war . 
  the war crimes the red army committed were for a part `` acts of justice '' in response to that . 
  i did n't say stalin was n't one of the most ruthless , agressive dictators in human history .
