  that sounds horrible !, 
  my condolences , what a horrifying display . 
  what about the weather ? 
  oh right . 
  politics ? 
  no wait . 
  public transport ? 
  dammit . 
  you really need to use / s to clarify your sarcasm . 
  we really have people that say such stupid stuff here . 
  either that , or you 're one of them . 
  your heritage means nothing to your nationality , and for most westerners , nothing to your cultural background . 
  quadripple hamburger bomb with bacon , ham , angus beef , hotdog , plastic cheese , pickles , fried diced onions , ketchup , something supposed to be mustard , fried tomato , rice , sesame seeds and carbonara sauce . 
  ah yes , tex-mex , the travesty of actual mexican cuisine . 
  [ deadline failures ] ( http://m.huffpost.com/ca/entry/4733691 ) [ cossacks ] ( http://www.theguardian.com/music/2014/feb/19/pussy-riot-attacked-whips-cossack-milita-sochi-winter-olympics ) [ further controversies ] ( http://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/concerns_and_controversies_at_the_2014_winter_olympics ) there are people criticising russia for things that only happened in their fantasies . 
  i am not one of them . 
  athlete hotels were n't finished , protesters were brutally put down by paramilitaries , workers died in freak accidents , secret police stopped anyone from leaving sochi , homosexuals were being monitored the entire olympics . 
  never existed . 
   just as the first russian military intervention in ukraine coincided almost to the hour with the closing ceremony of the sochi winter olympics , so too is russia 2018 the perfect opportunity to bring down estonia 's internet , round up some homosexuals , or murder a dozen dissidents while the world watches a penalty shoot-out . 
  a reference to the winter olympics in sochi , where there were so many things wrong that it can easily be called the worst olympics of the last 15 years . 
  besides , both qatar and russia have only received the wc due to bribes . 
  letting both continue also means letting bribery and the violation of human rights continue . 
  read the article , perhaps ? 
  thank you for your service !, 
  well , he just resigned , so there 's that . 
  i 'd have to disagree . 
  as i already pointed out in another comment , the political landscape and economy are not the same . 
  hungary has more potential to be a strong nation , but turkey is more succesful in actually using that potential . 
  quite a feat for a country burdened with some of the poorest regions in this part of the world , although you could argue that has a lot to do with the government-military regime of turkey . 
  which is correct . 
  hungary 's regime on the other hand seems to be more interested in enriching themselves . 
  i 'm not blaming either country 's citizens , i never said that , but the situation in hungary is even more worrisome than turkey 's in my opinion . 
  not in the first place because hungary was doing pretty well as far as catching up with the rest of europe goes , until recently . 
  the situation concerning the government is indeed comparable , but the political landscape nor the economic situation is not . 
  hence why it is similiair , but not the same . 
  exactly . 
  and if the economic burden of the soviet times were n't enough , not all transitions went peacefully and then there were the yugoslav wars . 
  looking at the figures , you can be nothing short of surprised at the economic and wealth growth of croatia , the czech republic , slovakia , poland and the baltic states . 
  i hope that trend continues south to the other ex-soviet nations as well . 
  i 'd like to note hungary is actually going the wrong way , with an increasingly hostile and authoritarian government and an economy that is not performing as predicted . 
  not unlike turkey , although that might be an unfair comparison . 
  not to mention that the netherlands and belgium ( more specifically the provinces of noord-brabant and brabant ) have the highest amounts of air pollution in ( west ) europe , due to being located in-between the english , french , german and domestic industrial regions . 
  with an unfortunate wind direction , humidity , etc. , air pollution warnings are sometimes given out . 
  the netherlands is also well-known for being one of the main transport hubs in international trade and has a sizeable chemical industry . 
  both pollute the rivers and parts of the coast . 
  smog is very , very rare and most waters are safe enough for swimming , but the situation could be better . 
  that rating does not really give a good representation of the total ecological situation of a nation . 
  then we could just call it russovision . 
  he means the hogwarts express . 
  do n't worry kids . 
  he seems a bit under influence, 
  ah , that makes more sense . 
  the comic explanation literally says it 's just a misconception , would you please read it ; _ ; i 'm so confused right now xd, 
  except they do n't say that at all . 
  again , according to the explanation of the comic , the pronounciation is just confusing , and you guys make fun of them because of that . 
  well the comic 's explanation pretty much only mentions that and confusing pronounciation . 
  in addition to what my fellow netherlanders have said already , our gas deposits will run out by ~ 2070 if no new ones are found . 
  our government is currently looking in our waters for such deposits , but those that have been found are not profitable to exploit yet . 
  we do export a lot of gas , but that 's because we import a lot of gas . 
  we ship it throughout the world . 
  such a shame really , it was very efficient . 
  i think you meant to say '' * not * any ideas '' . 
  trust me , he has more than enough ideas already . 
  ^ ( pls protect russian minority of polar bears ), 
  oh , that 's not that bad . 
  just some confusing pronounciation and the same way of combining numbers as all germanic languages . 
  * two and fifty * masterrace !, 
  yes , because while they may not be a part of society , they are a part of the population . 
  if they are not citizens at all - apparently that happens , which is something i find unacceptable - then they should not be included , no . 
  it 's easy to point at somewhat ... 
  extreme parts of society as some kind of alien entities , but truth is those are very much so a part of the people living in your country . 
  hence their statistics also represent your country ; for better or worse . 
  well i do pay for dutch national television , which i do n't watch except for 2 shows in particular ( one of the news broadcasts and a talkshow ) , so i guess that kinda balances it out . 
  besides , most bbc content is n't available for free . 
  i 've got to do with what appears on netflix or what is temporarily broadcasted on dutch television . 
  hmmmmmmnnnnnnokay then . 
  i guess i can make an exception for them . 
  actually , this is really dutch . 
  and i 'm proud of / u/theemuts . 
  because i 'm not proud of the intelligence of other voters . 
  at all . 
  there 's different opinions , and then there 's having an opinion based on bullshit you read in a local tabloid magazine . 
  and the dutch . 
  and the belgians . 
  and of course where it started ; luxembourg . 
  i think kevin is a meta reference to the * reddit kevin * . 
  look up the knowyourmeme page if you 're interested , but it basically comes down to kevin being the most mentally handicapped person without any mental handicap whatsoever , in the history of mankind . 
  his former teacher taught us that . 
  the bbc is the sole foreign broadcasting company i do n't make make fun of . 
  ( take that , zdf ! ), 
  seriously , top-notch tv and radio if you ask me . 
  that 's fascinating !, 
  thanks !, 
  hmm , that 's a fair point i guess . 
  mother russia left the people equal , but it did not leave them loving each other . 
  oh well , nobody 's perfect , right ? 
  you 're saying those people are not citizens ? 
  sure , they may not be a part of the national society , but they most definitely do count towards these statistics . 
  damn , they used it from 1918-1945 . 
  til .
