ah , thanks . 
  good troll . 
  ( hey , i 'm czech !, 
  i mean , i 'm american , but my dad was czech ) ( and i have the last name to prove it . 
  way more consonants than is reasonable ), 
  ouch , my hips . 
  i should qualify that to say that was when i was younger ( i used to be a walking fiend ) . 
  i 'd like to think i could still do that at 57 , but , yeah , probably not . 
  i can still do 3 miles in 40 minutes , i do it a few times a week , but it 's been a while since i pushed myself ( hips do n't lie ) . 
   it all started in 2014 . 
  reddit user whynotsmeagol asked the new zealand subreddit if gardening in new zealand was illegal . 
  apparently , his friend told him you `` ca n't have a garden in new zealand '' . 
   in a miraculous and impressive feat of cooperation , the entire subreddit then continued to play upon this guy 's belief that gardening in new zealand was illegal . 
  they created stories , wars , laws , and anecdotes , all about how the supposed ban on gardening had affected them . 
  sounds like a reddit hoax to me . 
  if you can link to ** an actual law ** , and not just a google search reporting on the story , i 'd be more convinced . 
  ( edit : i mean something like [ this * ] ( http://www.flsenate.gov/laws/statutes/2010/790.25 ) , an actual statute from a government website . 
  if you ca n't find it , you 're just another gullible fool . ), 
  * pulled at random , ignore the content , except that 's an actual law . 
  what ? 
  source ? 
  just stop . 
  i was being facetious  my bff went keto , seems like all she eats is ribs and eggs . 
  which sounds good , but getting away from carbs seems impossible . 
  ( for me ), 
  interesting , thanks . 
  the article made it sound like the back-of-beyond ; ` not even a corner store ' . 
  and while he was in the cafe , he could have chatted up the natives . 
  if i was that stuck , i would have offered money for a ride to the next larger town . 
  i wonder if language was an issue ? 
  but my so hitched his way from germany to italy with one semester of execrable german , and zero italian , when he was 16 . 
  ( he called me saying `` i ca n't find florence on the map . 
  what 's firenze ? '', 
  :d ) but he managed pretty well , except the ride he accepted from a pedophile . 
  when you do n't understand what 's being said to you in a foreign country , the impulse is to smile and nod . 
  i do this too ( made for some interesting meals in asia ) . 
  do n't blame you . 
  it was decades ago , a fad thing . 
  we 're better informed these days . 
  but my point was that even not eating for a month did n't turn me into a lunatic . 
  the guy in the story went off his rocker after not eating for 2 days ? 
  who is `` she '' ? 
  i 'm the one who tried a juice fast , and i 'm pretty sure i know my food preferences . 
   there was a plane invovled . 
  either that , or you 're an amazing swimmer , 
  i have a hard time getting used to kilometers . 
  i was looking into the couch-to-5k race and realized that was only about 3 miles . 
  i can walk that in 40 minutes without breaking a sweat !, 
  30 , if i crank it up a bit . 
  so i do n't know why `` 5k race '' sounds so intimidating . 
  when i was taking the bus regularly , my route was about 17 miles . 
  google tells me this should take 28 minutes ( on the highway ) , but it was about 1.5-2 hours on local roads , with all the stops , and the layover at the hub . 
  god i hate public transit . 
  did n't the guy in zen and the art of motorcycle maintenance take his 6yo ? 
  that 's not hitch-hiking , of course , but still seems risky . 
  ok , you try it . 
  for a carnivore and a carboholic , clear juice sure felt like a fast to me . 
  there 's nothing solid for your stomach or digestive system to process . 
  this was n't smoothies , just , like , clear apple juice . 
  that was a long time ago , though , i no longer drink juice at all . 
  it seems like sugar water to me , even though it 's a ` natural ' sugar . 
  now i just eat the apples or the grapes , and get at least some benefit of the roughage , with no artificial processing . 
  i made a huge fruit salad today with pineapple , watermelon , and clementines that will probably last a week . 
  i think that 's the last of of the watermelons this year , it was pretty tasteless , not sweet at all . 
  and i still have half of it left . 
  it 's like the fruit version of iceberg lettuce : crunchy water . 
  i was a poor student , living at the y , but some days ( like when there was 7 '' of slush and i 'm wearing tennis shoes ) , i would rather get back to my 6x10 ' room , than eat . 
  i 've been to the uk numerous times . 
  i never hated my so more than when he insisted we take the underground to heathrow , instead of a taxi . 
  i could see his point , the fare probably would have been what our plane tickets cost , two weeks after 9/11 , but the escalator was out in victoria station , and we had to drag our suitcases up about 700 stairs . 
  you poor suffering bastards . 
  i 've stood near on-ramps , usually there 's a light where people have to stop anyway ( at least in urban or suburban us ) . 
  the trick is to make it clear where you 're going . 
  there 's no point in having someone think you want to go a few miles up the road , when you want to get to la from tucson . 
  this is where a sign comes in handy . 
  ( always carry a sharpie and some cardboard ), 
  in nyc , if i had to wait more than 15 min for a bus , my arm went up to hail a taxi . 
  especially if it was snowing or raining , 
  yeah , i ca n't imagine a small town being that unfriendly , unless he was being a dick from the get-go . 
  people in isolated rural areas usually watch out for each other . 
  heck , if he had enough money to bail himself out of jail , he could have * paid * for a meal , or a ride into the next larger town ? 
  lol . 
  but we rarely argue , he just gets stupid . 
  we live 2k miles away right now and i can still tell when he forgets to eat . 
  i 'm the one who gets cranky when i 'm hungry , i start stomping around like a raging bitch . 
   i get extremely cranky after a couple of hours of not eating already ( low blood sugar i think ) my so damaged his vagus nerve in an accident when he was 8 , he simply does not feel hunger ( i should be so lucky ) . 
  i have to remind him to eat when he starts getting stupid . 
  ( it 's worrying , as both his parents were diabetic ), 
  take the kids !, 
  ( kidding ) but , i never did any expedition-in-the-outback-type stuff , i was talking about hitching around town and to concerts , visiting friends in civilized places , stuff like that . 
  i think about ~ ~ 500 ~ ~ 800 miles ( tucson to berkeley ) was about my max . 
  a day or two or three on the road , depending . 
  i do have some great ` coincidence ' stories , but nothing ama-worthy . 
  i 've actually done it more than once , once as part of a juice fast , once in the hospital for complicated surgeries . 
  after the first few days , you barely notice . 
  going without water is far more damaging and disorienting . 
  dehydration is when shit gets real , yo . 
  even a day will lead to fatigue and fuzziness . 
  ( currently dealing with this with my aging mom , who thinks coffee and diet pepsi is all she needs ), 
  well , you want to position yourself well , so that people feel safe to pull over , but yeah .
