i was n't previously aware we had much in the way of trade barriers with nz . 
  how is the eu involved in that ? 
  here in the uk media , the eu is blamed for many , many things that are either completely outside its control or just flat-out wrong . 
  but as they say , a soundbite can go halfway around the world before the truth has put its shoes on . 
  i really , really hope we do n't leave the eu . 
  there 's serious talk of `` an in/out referendum '' by the current prime minister , and the general population has seen more than enough propaganda to vote non, 
  i 'm reading the english portions of his bilingual comments in a french accent . 
  it 's rather lovely . 
  i like this subreddit a lot !, 
  as a uk citizen i have no idea what he means . 
  anti-eu parties like ukip have been pressing this idea that by leaving europe , we should have more immigration and closer ties with commonwealth countries ( basically , our former colonies ) . 
  the trouble is it 's a hodgepodge collection of first and third-world nations , scattered unevenly across the globe , and we have very little in common with quite a few of them . 
  euroskeptics say they feel culturally closer ; personally , i really disagree . 
  heck , an uncomfortably large slice of the african nations are violently homophobic . 
  give me europe any day , we have loads of common interests . 
  i have no idea why op feels that britain 's eu membership prevents closer links with new zealand . 
  i know quite a few kiwis living and working over here and they get on just fine . 
  the biggest obstacle , unsurprisingly , is the * distance *, 
  that likely ties in with other eu efforts to reduce power consumption of devices and save electricity - it provides a strong incentive to manufacturers to keep their new models < 100w . 
  that is n't necessarily an attack on powerful computing , there 's some incredible improvements in x86 processor power consumption that are nearly ready for market . 
  intel 's broadwell chips , for example , many of which are capable of fanless operation - and they 're not low powered atom style devices , these are the full-blown desktop range . 
  that kind of efficiency is really exciting . 
  all-day battery life , anyone ? 
  those nice dutch bicycle paths providing rapid , car-free access across all cities , towns and rural areas , for commuters and schoolchildren alike , effectively eliminating many of the dangers of cycling , much urban congestion , and best of all completely removing arguments between drivers and cyclists ? ... 
  ... yeah , the uk would pave over them with more car lanes , or put steel barriers across the start and end of every one . 
  let 's have a takeover the other way around , please !, 
  i 'm very willing to be annexed by the netherlands . 
  they 'll feel quite at home in the flat marshy bits on the east coast . 
  we can explain and introduce the hills on a gradual basis , aiming to reach wales by 2030 . 
   science is getting trickier i often idly wonder about this . 
  would a great thinker from history like sir isaac newton be able to make equivalent breakthroughs if they were born today instead and grew up with a modern education ? 
  ignoring the nature/nurture implications of that suggestion , i just wonder if scientific discovery has always been the same , or the theories are getting harder and harder to understand . 
  you went full godwin !!, 
  never go full godwin . 
  seriously , though , / u/popanz has a very good point . 
  the atrocities committed 1933-1945 under the defence of `` following orders '' are hardly comparable to this situation . 
  a ` good ' policeman with a conscience can not do anything useful if he 's fired , or worse arrested , for being the only voice among his colleagues to advocate disobedience of orders ; better to go onto the streets and resolve to attempt to treat protesters fairly , trying to get the other policemen to see this point of view . 
  hell , wear a camera , document everything , tell the story to the world . 
  besides which , it 's easy for us to talk tough on the internet about `` i would n't do it '' . 
  living in a situation like this , propaganda , fear , and peer pressure are far more powerful than any of us can imagine . 
  not to mention - if his superiors and his government are saying `` the rioters are dangerous '' , how is he supposed to know when he needs to do his job and when he does n't ? 
  to me , the scariest lesson from history is that atrocities and genocides are committed , or at least assisted , by ordinary people who have been misled by the world they 've lived in . 
  this is no different - in the policeman 's position , without the memories and experiences that currently form your worldview , statistically you probably would n't act any differently . 
   if and when ukraine joins the eu , it will become another client regime subject to the dictates of the bankers and bureaucrats in brussels , just like spain , greece , portugal and italy ) . 
  you realise you 're in / r/europe , right ? 
  many of us view the eu as , overall , a beneficial institution that has done more good than harm . 
  that statement is a little bit tinfoil-hat ; there are numerous huge benefits to eu membership , besides ` becoming subject to dictates of the bankers and bureaucrats ' . 
  apart from the fact that the free trade and free movement of citizens that come with membership is hugely beneficial to economies , the ` bureaucrats ' you refer to are actually our elected representatives . 
  the eu is not perfect , but sometimes i feel like they stand up for my rights in ways that the uk parliament does not care about enough to even consider discussing . 
  ( examples : internet filtering and neutrality , wikileaks/nsa revelations about our relationship with the us and online privacy , environmental conservation and protection , enforcing urban air pollution limits on a government who , left unchecked , would prefer to see rates of childhood asthma increase as long as it means good car sales ... ) additionally to those admittedly minor points i 've come up with off the top of my head , i personally love the free movement provision and intend to use it . 
  not to mention all the small conveniences that actually slash paperwork and bureaucracy , like easily ordering online from germany without worrying about clearing customs , or knowing my driving licence is fine throughout the eu . 
  i am a marine engineering student and the eu makes our industry easier through standardisation - one set of rules for the entire continent . 
  all this adds up to free trade and economic growth . 
  i do n't see how isolationism and protectionism is better . 
  i do n't see how , for ukrainian citizens , a comparable deal with the democratically-questionable russian government is really going to be as good . 
  what happens to their nation is not my choice , but the eu is good for far more than you appear to be giving it credit for . 
  yeah ... it 's easy to think `` how creative , haha , awesome ! '', 
  before realising that when any politician sees this , they would suddenly feel like it was absolutely necessary to send in the army to prevent the deaths of ... well , anybody who gets in the way of a flying boulder . 
  suddenly , the crude medieval weapon is faced with tanks . 
  this is n't good for anyone . 
  my favourite part is definitely  something they all wished and participated in ( ** except for exceptions ** ) something they all wished except for exceptions !, 
  it 's actually quite reassuring , this person is obviously not too intelligent . 
  fromisrael55 \u2022 2 minutes ago  how convenient europeans find it to blame nazis for something they all participated in . 
  it is not only the nazis , and not even only the germans , it is all of europe . 
   i have some devout catholics in my family , they live in europe , and they all know it was about european christianity , and the twisted path it went into . 
  no way jesus would have been pleased of what europe did to his people . 
   europe 's failure to look at itself in the mirror , and the continuing blame of the nazis for something they all wished and participated in ( except for exceptions ) , is what prevents them from stopping the islamic invasion . 
   europe needs to have the courage to look at itself and stop blaming others - in this case acknowledging that it was not the nazis only , but all of europe - on the basis of a twisted religious path it has undertaken in centuries . 
  only after this , they will have the moral courage and justification to fight the new islam which in now entering in . 
  \u2022 reply \u2022 share ' ^ yeah , you were n't kidding . 
  `` nazi tourist attraction '' ? 
  that 's a bit of a crude way to describe the rallying grounds at nuremberg where history changed , is n't it ? 
  it 's a big part of the story of the human race , not disneyland & # 3232 ; _ & # 3232 ;, 
  what on earth is going on in the west australian outback ?? 
  for the uninitiated , most of australia 's population live on the east coast - a thin , fertile strip of land by the pacific . 
  with a few exceptions , the interior of the country is almost entirely arid land with very , very low population density . 
  and yet , there 's lots of absolutely huge light blobs over the hinterlands - no individual streets or definition , just enormous , uniform splotches of yellow . 
  i 've been there , and you can drive six hundred miles in a day and see nobody . 
  it looks almost like clouds ; i do n't know how this map was generated , but maybe it 's making a mistake . 
  that would also explain all the ` firefly ' formations in the sea off lots of parts of asia ( which are far too dense and bright to be fishing fleets or other ships , imo ), 
  where is that in england ? 
  i was about to protest that the only * really * dark parts of the uk are the scottish highlands and ( maybe ) the more isolated bits of wales , but [ reading this has opened my mind to the possibilities ] ( http://www.telegraph.co.uk/travel/activityandadventure/7772447/britains-best-stargazing-locations.html ) . 
  now i 'm intrigued . 
  d'aww . 
  you guys are actually my favourites , i 'm very fond of france ^ nobody ^ in ^ britain ^ ever ^ understands ^ why ^ i 'd ^ say ^ that ^ ^ ... but ^ ^ i ^ ^ say ^ ^ it ^ ^ anyway !, 
  that made me sad . 
  like if scotland does become independent , we 'll just mope and be rude to everyone and watch romantic comedies alone in the evening while eating an entire tub of ice cream and sobbing . 
  they 're loving the single life and meanwhile , we 're like bridget jones on a bad day . 
  definitely accurate . 
  ^ sorry ^ about ^ those ^ people ^ ^ [ we ^ ^ did n't ^ ^ want ^ ^ them ^ ^ holidaying ^ ^ in ^ ^ dorset ], 
  thank you - i googled this and got nothing !, 
  that makes sense , i appreciate it !, 
  as an englishman , i was honestly a little disappointed by one thing - i was expecting the rest of europe to have far ruder things to say about us !, 
  ayyyy, 
  [ imgur rehost ] ( http://i.imgur.com/ikbwu34.jpg ) of the picture you should have seen, 
   for example the westland area in the netherlands flying east out of london after dark , on a clear night , this is an amazing sight . 
  far more striking than any city . 
  the light pollution may be terrible on the ground , but looking down from the window of an airliner , there 's all these otherworldly-looking neat rectangles of softly glowing golden light set into the dark silhouetted outline of the european coastline . 
  a really deep , rich yellow popping out of the countryside in regimented palettes of perfect colour , like something sci-fi . 
  and absolutely enormous - dwarfing the roads and towns nearby .
