  i know i know ... 
  lakes , mountains , manner , sachertorte , good in winter sports , your words enriched my dialect , kommissar rex , our ex rulers , we always look up to you . 
  people are ok in my experience they were always kind to me . 
  interesting movie about people in basements doing interesting things . 
  more problematic for me is that were no cooperation and when we agreed on something you simply ignored that . 
  you surprised us every evening with dropped migrants on different places . 
  ski jumper peter prevc won 64th edition of the four hills tournament . 
  it 's also slovene national tree . 
  village assemblies , councils and other gatherings were traditionally held around circular tables beneath such a tree . 
  always !!, 
  there is no novy god without steklovata . 
  that is also a slovenian thing . 
  my family has extra slippers if someone visits us . 
  in slovenia is the same so religious people have two weddings . 
  we went to [ jezersko ] ( http://imgur.com/gd3kybu ) where it actually felt like it winter . 
  rest of the day i have been watching 30 rock with my boyfriend . 
  slovenes students also go home every weekend because there still have friends , activities or they hate ljubljana ( and ljubljana it 's not even a big city ) . 
  that is possible because slovenia is really small and distances are not big . 
  in our language it can be mum or dad 's father . 
  sometimes it can be name for an old man . 
  his grandpa . 
  lots of kids get presents on december 5 when is st. nicholas ( miklav\u017e ) , some get presents on christmas eve or in the morning . 
  some get presents from dedek mraz . 
  we have christmas dinner on 24th and religious people attend midnight mass. 
  rtv slovenija , right ? 
  we got him with yugoslavia . 
  land of haters . 
  eastern europe has negative connotation that is why so many countries are not really glad when somebody mentions them as eastern . 
  many ignorant foreigners think that eastern europe means commie blocks , dangerous areas , stray dogs and vodka but i hope they will soon see that most of these countries are actually nice and interesting and pretty developed so i hope one day eastern europe will not have negative connotation anymore . 
  i agree that it can be different interpretations of celebration . 
  that is my interpretation of celebration - do something in theme of that holiday or go somewhere because of that . 
  well everyone i know ( both religious and non-religious ) at least have christmas tree or some kind of decorations and maybe have christmas dinner . 
  but that is not because jesus was born but because it 's tradition and it looks pretty . 
  i agree that 1st of may is largely celebrated but i do n't think that so many people attend bonfires as they celebrate christmas . 
  i 've attended that when i was younger ( yay another reason for party ! ), 
  but not in recent years . 
  i think christmas is the most important because both religious and non-religious celebrate it . 
  others are not so celebrated . 
  people just care that they are work free days . 
  we normally eat [ potica ] ( http://www.slovenia.info/pictures/cuisine/1/2007/oreh.potica_150899.jpg ) , [ french salad ] ( http://jedel.bi/uploads/jedelbi/francoska_solata.jpg ) and [ steak tartare \\ ( tatarski biftek \\ ) ] ( http://www.mesarstvo-petrin.si/94-128-thickbox/tatarski-biftek.jpg ) . 
  i do n't support her views but i do n't think she deserved that . 
  this went a bit too far . 
  [ yes ] ( http://www.thenewcivilrightsmovement.com/uncucumbered/pope_takes_sides_ahead_of_tomorrow_s_marriage_equality_referendum_in_slovenia ), 
  maybe i 've should phrase it differently , against same marriage promoters or something . 
  well a reason that some people were so against it is also right wing propaganda : they will took children , women will be a tool for reproduction , there will be gender theory in schools , there will not be mum and dad anymore only person 1 and person 2 and so on . 
  i think that is the main reason why law was rejected . 
  okay if you 're gay but kids ... oh no !, 
  leave them alone !, 
  kayaking and rafting on river kolpa/kupa is really popular so i really hope we will find another solution before summer . 
  this wire could hurt local tourism . 
  they checked my id last year when i travelled from poland to germany . 
  schengen does n't mean that they ca n't never check you . 
  no more long rides to the seaside !, 
  polish and russian are different in my opinion . 
  polish sounds to me more like czech with lots of \u017e\u017e\u017e\u0161\u0161\u0161\u0161 and so on . 
  also i can understand polish more than russian . 
  it sounds like something between some nordic and hungarian language . 
  and wow so much sea !, 
  i 'm okay with graz in carinthia . 
  primark and more concerts !, 
  retro video from late 80s , [ veter - bela sne\u017einka ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xtkhblagzzi ), 
  i think our government does n't trust you and think that there is a possibility that you will drop refugees somewhere on the green border if will be large number of refugees in the spring . 
  i 'm still dissapointed that countries are not able to make an agreement about organized transport from turkey or greece . 
  i 'm sad that there is very little cooperation about this problem . 
  i was not impressed by krakow . 
  it 's a nice city but old town is a bit too touristy . 
  i hate when people bother me with invitations to restaurants , trips and want to sell me something . 
  but otherwise i really loved off festival in katowice . 
  cheap tickets , amazing bands , normally crowded and great organization !, 
  i would love to visit zakopane and surroundings . 
  yes our tap water is amazing . 
  i only buy bottled water when i forget to bring my refillable bottle with me . 
  it happens :d, 
  well it 's not popular as it was but yes some still celebrate so called `` kresna no\u010d '' , bonfire night . 
  in slovenia we have so called `` kres '' on 30th april an evening before 1st may - international workers ' day . 
  we build big bonfires and drink alcohol . 
  back in the old days they had this kres on 23rd june and they believed that you can understand animals and plants if you got fern seed in your pocket without your knowledge . 
  we swim in so\u010da river too which has 13 degrees but this is only for a few seconds . 
  sea normally has between 22 and 25 degrees in the summer so it 's definitively swimmable . 
  i really like sigur ros from iceland ; tocotronic from germany ; repetitor , ti , bitipatibi from serbia ; \u017den , pridjevi , pun\u010dke from croatia ; klaus johann grobe from switzerland . 
  sadly that too many artists from european countries sing in english . 
  slovenian coast is a bit colder than dalmatia in croatia for example but it is still warm enough to swim . 
  i personally feel pretty safe in slovenia . 
  in my region ( upper carniola ) we use lot of slavicized german words and in white carniola they use lot of croatian words so it really depends on a region . 
  i do n't think we really have ottoman influence . 
  slovenia have the alps , the mediterranean , the karst and the pannonian plain . 
  we are really small so you can climb a mountain in the morning and swim in the sea in the afternoon . 
  we are also close to other european countries so it 's easy to go somewhere for a weekend trip . 
  i think it 's stupid . 
  they want to have equal rights , right ? 
  so they should n't have advantage because of their sexuality . 
  i do n't why is that information so important why would employer need to know what is your sexual preference i think they should judge you only based on your qualifications , experiences and performance . 
  no joke . 
  slovenia do n't have ikea yet . 
  klagenfurt it 's actually only one hour from me so it 's not that far . 
  not in my experience . 
  most of them advertise they have wifi but most of the time it does n't work or it works only in specific country ( international buses ) . 
  austria - lakes , mountains , waterfalls , woods , vienna , closest ikea 2 . 
  iceland - scenery looks special and amazing , cool sweaters 3 . 
  estonia - they are small like us,
