there is a bar http://pikkuberliini.fi/fi/ that also have some food . 
  tornio also have some restaurants http://www.tripadvisor.com/restaurants-g736823-tornio_lapland.html, 
  i think that large number of them already left for austria . 
  north eastern part of slovenia is quite flat . 
  there are no mountains . 
  only some hills . 
  they go straight to austria and in there are no mountains ( edited : in this part of border ) between slovenia and austria . 
  i do n't mind that we have people of different nationalities , race , sexual preferences and religion in slovenia but that is as long as they behave ok and do n't cause trouble . 
  i would n't mind if there would be a syrian family in our village but on the other hand i do n't like the idea of having parts of the city that completely theirs like it is in sweden and i think if we have so many migrants it 's hard not to have that kind of neighbourhoods . 
  in slovenia students wear formal suits only when it 's the day of their graduation . 
  no roma people have their own language . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/romani_language i understand that romanians and bulgarians do n't think that roma are not proper romanians and bulgarians since roma have completely different culture and sadly they often do not behave good . 
  since bg and ro joined eu i can see more beggars in slovenian streets and they do n't speak slovenian . 
  slovenia : - refugees are here and that 's basically almost the only news in media . 
  i 'm surprised that is not bled for slovenia . 
  postojna castle is also interesting and worth visiting . 
  these pictures remind me that there are so many places in europe that i would like to visit and discover . 
  german - i understand cartoons , reality shows , tv shows ... i do n't understand `` intellectual '' movies . 
  italian - i know a few words . 
  hungarian - nothing . 
  not even hello and thank you . 
  croatian - fluent, 
  but do n't quotas include people from refugee centres in italy and greece only ? 
  slovenian nick drake https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ped7rinjwjo, 
  good old times . 
  ljubljana main bus station : https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/2/2c/ljubljana_-_bus_station.jpg big waiting room : http://www.visitljubljana.com/file/2131303/avtobusna-postaja-ljubljana-2.jpg, 
  in slovenia we call them cigani , but word that is political correct is romi . 
  poor people . 
  they only have 1 - 2 hours for eating . 
  how can you possibly eat something in one hour ? 
  everyone knows us so we do n't need a label . 
  do n't you have an id ? 
  it 's not impossible they could cross border on wurzenpass/korensko sedlo or loiblpass/ljubelj or jezersko or karawanken tunnel . 
  i hope they will not try to climb these mountains . 
  there could be injuries . 
  piran is very charming . 
  i would definitely recommend it . 
  when i was in umag/savudrija/zambratija area in june i almost thought that i did n't cross the border . 
  i agree that croatia 's coastline is amazing . 
  our coastline is okay too . 
  all 43 kilometres !, 
  you beat us :(, 
  i planned that i would go this summer . 
  but when i waited so long in queue for krka waterfalls so i kinda gave up . 
  when would you say that is the best time to visit ? 
  spring ? 
  i do n't want to wait in line forever and i think it 's probably a better experience if there are not so many people . 
  yep . 
  exactly that . 
  i think we all understand that they want a chance for a better life but how would it be if everyone starts behaving like that ? 
  what is then a purpose of laws ? 
  dv\u00e1, 
  kakati is `` to shit '' in slovenian baby language . 
  i mostly buy things from websites like asos or book depository where shipping is free . 
  normally i order things from german ebay or amazon and shipping costs are around 3,5 euro . 
  i am from slovenia shipping costs for my mobile phone were actually a bit higher , 10 euro . 
  no slovenian :( so little , so unimportant ? 
  it 's dva in our language . 
  my thoughts exactly . 
  if people will stay in slovenia that probably mean that they did n't come only for the benefits . 
  i think that number is acceptable for slovenia . 
  slovenia : - we are still refugee free . 
  - we were leading 2:0 against switzerland . 
  in the last 10 minutes they scored three times . 
  so we lost . 
  yay : /, 
  i agree . 
  summer of 2014 was pretty rainy for example so i would n't say slovenia is a land with lots of sun . 
  sure it can be sunny all summer or it can be also shitty and rainy for a long time . 
  that was abnormal summer . 
  also i still would n't think of slovenia as a typical country which has lots of sun . 
  is not that we do n't have any just a normal amount . 
  autumn and winter can be foggy and dark . 
  this sounds great . 
  economy is not that good lately but it 's improving . 
  i do n't think that we have lot of sun actually . 
  we have similar amount of sunny days as munich or moscow . 
  [ source ] ( http://www.currentresults.com/weather/europe/cities/sunshine-annual-average.php ), 
  we have a slovenian version and it 's called priletela muha na zid . 
  song is about a fly . 
  unfortunately i was unable to find youtube video . 
  edit : i found a website where is an audio of this song http://www.pancek.si/play/category/290, 
  italy has lots of international airports ( milano , venice , trieste ... ) that have cheap flights to lots of european countries also trains are reasonable priced there and you have really cheap megabus/flixbus so i think that possibilities to travel around europe are pretty great . 
  good luck !, 
  bus is an option . 
  megabus is really cheap , you can get tickets for as little as 1 pound and that is not only for short distances . 
  flixbus is cheap too . 
  for a bigger distance or if you do n't mind to spend a few euros ( depends on offers at that time ) more i would recommend you ryanair ( as mentioned before ) , wizzair and easyjet . 
  airplane tickets can be sometimes really cheap . 
  carpooling is also popular in some countries . 
  you should check https://www.blablacar.com/ maybe it would help if you tell us in which country will you stay ? 
  some slovenians are helping in lesbos and they asked refugees why do n't you come to slovenia and poland ? 
  they answered that they are countries that are less developed part of europe . 
  [ source in slovenian ] ( http://www.planet.si/novice/slovenija/foto-beguncem-sta-dala-svoj-dopust-zdaj-jim-bosta-poslala-se-letalo-s-pomocjo.html ) it 's true we are not so developed as germany but if i would come from war area i would be happy to live in a peaceful country for a change even though it 's not the richest country in europe . 
  sounds like slovenia . 
  you can also see a contrast between slovenia and austria in terms of grass trimming . 
  we trim it a lot too . 
  but they trim it more perfectly . 
  it looks sometimes almost perfect :d, 
  in slovenia we do n't have lots of private schools .
