  so was slovenia . 
  we were just a province of austria for a long time . 
  [ kekec ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0xviah7djrm ) kekec is a brave boy , a fearless shepherd from the highlands of his home region , the karavanke and julian alps . 
  [ neca falk - ma\u010dek muri ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=j2id4ygarki ) this is actually not from the movie but from the radio play . 
  we have some problems with roma people but luckily we do n't have them as much as slovakia or romania and they live in their own `` villages '' in a countryside . 
  no one has passed ? 
  from 16 october 2015 a total of 477,791 migrants crossed into slovenia . 
  since austria started to reject more immigrants some of them are stuck in slovenia and they asked for asylum . 
  of course we do n't have a problem nearly as big as you do but it is still better to do something before it is too late . 
  nothing will change for `` normal '' people that cross borders . 
  you will still have to show your id/passport as you have before . 
  we are members of oecd but they still did not include us . 
  no slovenia :(, 
  i agree . 
  czech is cute . 
  can we into nordics ? 
  please learn our filmmakers how to make good movies even if you 're a not from a rich country . 
  wow , cheap . 
  '' \u0160 '' is ma\u010d beter den `` sz '' . 
  better than nothing !, 
  as a country . 
  we have small distances between places . 
  so it is really easy to go to the seaside or go to the mountains . 
  croatia always teases us that we are small but it 's actually a good thing . 
  i 've read a book . 
  hitler in that book seems to me way too relaxed and chilled . 
  that we are small . 
  i 'm pretty sure croatia and herzegovina do n't have as many bunkers as albania does . 
  sometimes it 's interesting to see something different from austro-hungarian style . 
  is \u010ce\u0161ka okay for you ? 
  yes , but older generations are not so good with internet as we are . 
  also it 's hard to learn other foreign language if you do n't even speak english fluently because you will not understand directions for example . 
  language courses are normally around 200 euro and that is not that cheap . 
  http://www.rtvslo.si/kolumne/kar-je-v-koelnu-spolni-napad-je-v-domacem-bifeju-folklora/ ( in slovene ) i 'm not really fond of some ideas of right wingers . 
  i do n't it 's the right thing to burn migration centres just because you do n't like immigrants . 
  in my eyes we should n't just tolerate that . 
  in these centres are also syrian refugees which need european protection . 
  i know that leftist mostly mean good and they want to help people but they should also expect that their culture is a bit different than ours . 
  that is what it bothers me . 
  they are so against right wingers from native countries but they do n't have any problem with even more extreme right wingers from middle east and north africa . 
  people are so miserable in slovenia . 
  sometimes when i read comments i almost think that i am living in the worst country in the world . 
  but we are far away from that . 
  more than half slovenes still go to vacations to croatia if not even farer . 
  i regularly see photos of people who were in thailand . 
  car park is not that bad . 
  the main problem is in my opinion that people compare themselves with germany and austria . 
  amazing page . 
  not completely legal but extremely helpful for students . 
  slovenia , slovakia ... it 's all the same . 
  we adopted your insults . 
  ours are too innocent . 
  for example : 300 kosmatih medvedov ( 300 brown bears ) . 
  a big number of slovenes understand serbian/croatia/bosnian but that is because they were exposed to them . 
  younger slovenes do n't understand them that much . 
  i 've also experienced that croats that were in contact with slovenes or live close to slovenia understand slovene much easier than others who never heard it . 
  me neither . 
  i would really like to see why are slovene and albanian so connected . 
  yes probably we both use indo-european words but also others are . 
  is it structure of grammar so similar or what ? 
  yes but also other slavic languages use word dva , also german word mutter and english word mother are similar to mot\u00ebr . 
  so still i do n't see why would slovene and albanian be so similar . 
  also other languagues are indo-european not only slovene . 
  well he probably knows the difference between slovenia and slovakia . 
  unlike bush . 
  iceland and faroe islands . 
  why ? 
  because pictures of their landscapes look so pretty . 
  slovenes love nature and hiking too . 
  we also have wine and a small hungarian minority . 
  slovakians are better in hockey but we are much better in ski jumping . 
  we actually have lots of similarities . 
  ... and then it ends . 
  21 - enaindvajset ( one and twenty ) . 
  but why is that so ? 
  czech republic is not flat . 
  how come they think this is appropriate for the mountains ? 
  do they like their sandals that much ? 
  slovenes too . 
  it did n't look so bad when i was there three years ago . 
  our bus station is one of the worst i 've ever been to . 
  you do n't even have a place to sit and wait . 
  i do n't like borat 's ( or ali g 's in this case ) [ asylum politics ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=h0gqn2f_uu4 ), 
  was n't he a director of this film ? 
  i 'm glad mitja okorn is doing so well in poland . 
  wikipedia says : `` the highest levels of both binge-drinking and drunkenness are found in the nordic countries , uk , ireland , ** slovenia ** and latvia . '', 
  they 're always welcome . 
  your gambling addiction is helping our casinos to earn lots of money . 
  light brown imo . 
  almost as much as we do . 
  http://slovar.zirovnica.com/index.php?c=1 not all of them are german but a lot of them are . 
  we were part of hre too . 
  yes , i 've browsed agramer dictionary and it was interesting how many german words were used in the past also they used more kajkavian than now . 
  times are changing i guess . 
  zagreb has this austro-hungarian type of centre but other parts of the city not so much . 
  opatija on the other hand seemed to me austrian . 
  nice and clean town . 
  probably . 
  his football club , \u0160.d . 
  ko\u0161ana seems to be in slovenia not very far from croatian border ( 30 kms ) also as far as i know croatian national costumes are mostly white with black vest .
