when it was announced that anti-biotic resistant bacteria are popping up in china and europe it was because china was pumping their livestock full of anti-biotics but , they were using one of the `` last resort '' anti-biotic , if that 's the case then farmers in britain could be doing the same , to keep some form of costs down . 
  while there is a huge continuing campaign to `` buy british '' could actually harm people in the long run . 
  basically europe needs a cultural enlightenment period like china is going through . 
  well at least russian engineers stopped putting vodka in the radar for it to work . 
  to be honest it was a waste of vodka . 
  that 's amazing . 
  the uk have a similar system , for buried gold hoards etc. 
  unfortunately this . 
  some farmers will go down this slippery path , while others will not . 
  but the government at some point will use this as example of encroaching on uk 's sovereignty . 
  to be honest the uk needs the eu to tell it what it can and ca n't do because otherwise it 'll do everything to make sure everyone has to walk around wrapped in bubble wrap with their own private spy to make sure they are `` productive to the economy '' . 
  dear denmark , over 1000 years ago you may of taken the english ancestral homeland from us while we were in the uk but we are still family here 's to friends and family . 
  all hail the great yuropean empire !, 
  duxford air museum . 
  the museum itself is an old raf base , where they 've dotted the exhibits along the runway . 
  they have planes from the spitfire and hurricane , to the 109 , all the way to the concorde and the sr-71 blackbird . 
  they also do air shows . 
  jaywick , london , halstead , sudbury . 
  i actually quite like bury st edmunds , if you go in by the 3 roundabouts , if not it looks like shit . 
  wrong types of trees ? 
  is this like the wrong type of rain we get in the uk ? 
  muslims systematically vote for labour , if you go on their islam centric forums , you 'll see that they actively try to vote out anyone that is genuinely labour or actually a liberal , and replace them with what the uk calls `` islamists '' , it is also known that muslims are peer pressured to vote for labour by other muslims . 
  islam is the sourge of anything european , and liberal . 
  i have no idea how the people who dye their hair blue , actively protest about trans and womens rights then stick up for islam and all their fucked up deeds . 
  i swear he was the guy who had a dream about a tree growing from his stomach and when he woke up , he converted to islam , and got everyone to convert and decided to conquer the islamic world . 
  thing is , as soon as they enter a country where this is illegal then it is illegal . 
  it 's like someone from the states who live in the parts where weed is legal and going to the middle of london and lighting up a joint , and the cops turn up saying `` that 's illegal '' then they go `` it 's not where i 'm from '' . 
  if you are in a different country you have to follow their law , not your own . 
  david cameron admitted that his `` syrian army '' of 70k was mostly made up of extreme jihadi 's . 
  but because the uk government does n't care about assad or his allies , you can bet the uk was actually supplying arms and funding al nusra , but could of actually helped isis as well . 
  europe in 200 years time will just be another group of islamic republics . 
  so they decided that after playing kerbal space program that all we need is more boosters . 
  same i actually felt honoured . 
  yeah but now in our enlightened modern ways we just kill each other for the sake of it because we ditched all the excuses . 
  david cameron is a populist , but he is hell bent on destroying people . 
  you can get an alternative version of pepperspray , but it 's more of a `` marker '' but it does the same job , the reason why it 's illegal in the uk is because of the noxious chemicals in pepperspray , but you can buy `` markers '' that spray the attacker , causing disorientation , discomfort to the eyes etc even when it 's washed off some keep a uv trace so when the police catch them they can uv check them . 
  pepperspray is also illegal in the uk , but it 's only illegal because of noxious chemicals , you can get a variant that just marks an attacker , but it has an added side effect that does what pepperspray does but without the dangerous chemicals . 
  if someone is not on jsa they are not put into the unemployment figures , if you get sanctioned then you get taken out of the unemployment figure . 
  but yeah the unemployment figures are not entirely correct . 
  france did they spent millions making the camp but the migrants at calais etc refuse to go into the camps . 
  get each country to pool in their resources to secure the external border , instead of every country giving money to a country to deal with it , instead each country sends of part of it 's police force to go help secure the borders . 
  or something along those lines . 
  if farage is saying this , he should surely know that the attacks already happen here and have been happening for the last 30 years . 
  that 's how antifa operates , when antifa was more or less created by the labour party , it was designed to go to protests , hide their faces etc and kick off to make sure the protestors acted violent towards antifa then they would just leave . 
  ah antifa the good ol' pressure thugs of the far left . 
  not only that but they are waltzing through european borders , like they do n't recognise our borders , it 's like someone just walking into your home taking a shit on the floor and crying about it when you catch them . 
  when i was watching the london fireworks with my family i said at the end `` and that 's where the flood defence fund went '' . 
  yeah , as a speaker of old english , the ` u ' is pronounced like oo in moon but you add s at the end . 
  like how the scots and north of england say house . 
  which would be hus . 
  i 've looked at both they look nothing alike , nor do they play alike , they play like an rts game . 
  not to mention the majority of the problems the empire caused in india was n't because of the empire it was because of the east indian trading company which was a capitalistic venture that was separate from the state , and the empire brought the company when they finally heard of what the company was doing in india . 
  and another problem was because a british commander went rogue . 
  it 's annoying when people rat on about the british empire being evil when other empires were doing more or less the same at the same time , all at the same time some ancient empires that modern empires were based on ( the roman empire ) get 's a free pass . 
  it 's absolutely disgusting , there is also rumours of british military advisers , advising the saudi 's on the yemen war . 
  so there is british military personale literally agreeing to bombing civilians , if that 's true . 
  anglo-saxon would include angles , jutes , saxon 's and frisians . 
  each of these main tribes shared the same language and culture to a certain extent . 
  but when they arrived they did n't slaughter the entire population , the celtic people of briton actively decided to live and speak like anglo-saxons to be accepted into their society the same way the celts lived and breathed roman when rome ruled england . 
  the majority of the english dna is briton , i would n't be surprised that in some places that would include danish and norwegian dna alongside anglo-saxon . 
  i would n't count the french having a dna impact because they both were a germanic and a celtic people , and after 1066 the franks were nobility anything under that was entirely english . 
  wookies wookies everywhere !, 
  they 'll have to pry it from our cold dead hands , but argentine military still ca n't match ours , also they now mostly want it because of the access to underwater oil fields off the coast of the falklands . 
  in my part we had throwing trollies off multi-story carparks but unfortunately they cracked down on it :( it was very competitive . 
  they wo n't move into the new camp because they believe it will hamper their progress to get into the uk . 
  and the answer is a reykjavik ? 
  it 's like the dutch decided to go `` this will annoy our fellow germanic islanders * trollface * '', 
  i 'm 25 and with you on that . 
  i use to go to the local ruins with my mates and listen to black metal drunk and we were 15 at the time now everyone that age is worried about racism and career goals . 
  most pubs close around 11pm that 's when everyone goes to the clubs in my home town and the town i live in the clubs do n't open until the pubs close and they only open on friday and saturday, 
  a vast grooming gang exists in the uk , but no one will tackle it because they do n't want to be seen as racists , but the vast majority doing it are pakistani . 
  it 's part of the culture . 
  if the government and police wo n't tackle the problems , then people will be going after anyone they find . 
  how the police handled it , is like how the police and council handled the rotherham case ( although it 's not the only groom gang location there are loads in the uk ) they all stayed quiet because of fear of being called `` racist '' . 
  because the police barely acted in this current case , they are being played into the swedish deomocrats hands more than if they fucking acted to start with . 
  wait you going to annex east anglia ? 
  ( we have a lot of polish people ) if so take me with you !, 
  current uk nuclear plants are reaching the end of their life , but they will be replaced with newer plants . 
  i 'm not sure what the people think , but it 's most likely bad for nuclear . 
  people see what happened with chernobyl and fukashima and think that 's what happens to every plant . 
  but what people do n't realise is that japan is on a very geologically active part of the earth , that 's prone to earthquakes and with chernobyl soviet engineers thought it 's safe and nothing would happen so the gigacounter never went above `` 3 '' . 
  but here on an island , that the only cause of an earthquake would be from fracking , we are a pretty safe country for nuclear plants , and by far it 's better than coal and gas . 
  but people would literally prefer to have coal powered everything . 
  it 's utterly disgraceful but heck what can you do when that country basically owns london 's financial district . 
  did any weird stories circulate about the people from around the chernobyl area ? 
  like `` you see billy over there he lives so close to chernobyl that he can see the future with his bum '' . 
  the parliament ( or royal family not sure which one ) ordered that everyone will not forget the gun powder plot . 
  so if in the future anyone decides to stand up against the royal family or the government then they know they will be hung drawn and quartered . 
  catholics were highly prosecuted during the time , people were literally killed for being a catholic or associating with them . 
  i 'm in england where it says `` no data '' i have n't seen snow in years :(, 
  i 'm more shocked at the fact that we have the capacity to make weapon-grade uranium , usually our countries policy on everything is `` out source out source everything ! '' . 
  like yeah , delivering uranium to the states is not a big deal , delivering it to the middle east on the other hand is a big deal . 
  it rarely snows in england , but it 's surprisingly warm , so my mind is going `` so it 's june '' . 
  but then again i can not get into the christmas spirit because i have to work right up until 6:30 pm christmas eve . 
  16th of october 1908 samuel franklin cody made the first officially recognised aeroplane flight in the uk . 
  he was an american born entrepreneur who flew his own design , he gave it the most amazing and interesting name of `` british army aeroplane no. 1 '' . 
  the flight was only 424 metres . 
  in 1910 is when reconnaissance manoeuvres was first practiced , and sir winston churchill showed interest in reconnaissance aircraft . 
  in september is when a radio was taken on board a fixed wing aircraft and successfully transmitted a single word over a morse line . 
  in december de havilland biplane no. 2 is brought for trials , it 's designer is also employed by the balloon factory as the factories aircraft designer and test pilot .
