  i find it hard to believe that the german word changed its meaning twice , first to swamp and then back to sea again . 
  in hanover there 's a borough called bult which means small hill in low german . 
  in dutch it means bulge . 
  depending on my mood , either east frisian black tea or japanese green tea . 
  that 's not true . 
  meer orignially meant ` swamp ' , at least that 's what my german dictionary says . 
  nord-see is influenced by low german where it 's the same thing as in dutch . 
  there 's a lake in lower saxony called steinhuder meer for instance . 
  so you 're from groningen ? 
  i think there 's some kind of selection bias going on . 
  people who do n't speak english very well probably do n't spend too much time on the internet , at least not on american websites . 
  many germans do n't speak english too well . 
  they can order a beer or ask for direction , but that 's about it . 
  normal cheddar mostly . 
  is this a serious question coming from the country that invented deep fried mars bars ? 
  that would be awesome . 
  and add a bit about jan hus while you 're at it . 
  it 's no wonder the czechs were a bit , err , upset when sigismund tried to ascend to the throne . 
  yes , i like poutine and friet speciaal too much . 
  although germany claims to be a federal republic , the local authorities have little power . 
  if i had it my way , they 'd get much more . 
  switzerland is doing so well because it 's highly decentralized imo . 
   to be honest , i would like to see some competences more federalized than they are now , in special education and the police-force . 
  so you want the federal government to do * everything * ? 
  so it 's the same yes ? 
  germans are much worse when portraying americans . 
  that 's odd , i do n't know a single historian who supports your view whereas for instance david glantz or david stahel agree with / u/tonygaze, 
  for some strange reason local new reporters always butcher eindhoven even though a strictly german pronunciation would n't be all that different from dutch . 
  they feel the need to change it though and as a consequence it sounds completely alien . 
  supposedly , i 'm a native speaker form wales . 
  next best guess is dutch . 
  i do n't understand it either . 
  yeah , i meant the philosopher . 
  wanda is fairly popular , for an indie band at least , though nowhere near as popular as in austria . 
  i like them , their without-you-and-alcohol-life-sucks attitude is kinda appealing to me . 
  but you have popper and wanda to make up for it . 
  of course i 'd rather have someone else pay for my early retirement , but the system can not work if everybody expects everybody else to pay for his personnel advantage . 
  they look down on other countries and are know-it-alls , even when germany just happens to be in a better situation , i.e. 
  germans themselves did n't do anything better really . 
  that 's odd . 
  i find many germans terribly arrogant . 
  and down south , the swiss are waiting for us to do our part . 
  so much for germany efficiency . 
  i only know one persian family who never complained about it . 
  although i think it depends on where exactly you live in germany . 
   i find verb order extremely complicated do n't think about it too much , in normal situations we do n't really care . 
  it would 've made my french lessons much easier if you had just adopted german genders . 
  why are tables and train stations feminine ? 
  this is more or less the general consensus over here , saxon * is * the least liked accent . 
  i mean they are in some way similar to austrian with their inability to distinguish between ` b ' and ` p ' or ` t ' and 'd ' , but those guys just butcher the vowels too much . 
  good question , there were rather large secessionist movements until hitler was elected though . 
  for some reason , they failed to revitalise that movement post ww2 . 
   was there the same discintion between high and low german then ? 
  yes . 
  high and low german began to differ around 600 ad when the southern parts underwent the [ high german consonant shift ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/high_german_consonant_shift ) . 
  so low german is the more conservative language . 
  another distinct feature is the common verbal plural ending , i.e. 
  verbs are conjugated the same for ` we ' , ` you ' , and ` they ' . 
  i do n't know how old this is though . 
  if i 'm not mistaken low german influence is older , dating back to the middle ages when the hanseatic league was strong and low german was the lingua franca in northern europe . 
  but yes , i 'm from the north of germany . 
  half of the swedish vocabulary is low german . 
  not the half you use most often but still . 
  the last flood to cause major damage at the german north sea coast was in 1962 . 
  subsequently , flood protection vastly improved . 
  some parts of hamburg have been flooded more often in recent decades , but this is more due to the elbe being dredged . 
  and the federal social court, 
  oh , i just read the wiki article and found out that they indeed are very old . 
  i germany they are only found in places not protected by dykes and are not terribly old ( iirc ) . 
  are they ancient though ? 
   while the romans never conquered scotland , their language did anyway . 
  are you making fun of the english language ? 
  as a former subject of sweden i 'd like to apply too . 
  pannkook looks like low german . 
  austrians speak a weird bavarian abomination . 
  no , no , no , that is our prerogative . 
  his post does n't reflect the political consensus over here too well . 
  do you know why this frenchification worked it brussels though ? 
  as if austrians ever put the stress on the correct syllable . 
  kale and [ pinkel ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/pinkel ), 
  do you know `` de helaasheid der dingen '' ? 
  how does it compare to that book ? 
  * english , august by upamanyu chatterjee * strange weather in tokyo by hiromi kawakami * atomised by michel houellebecq, 
  well , besides putting curry , gravy or peanut sauce on chips ( i would n't go so far as to say there 's no competition ) , i value freedom of speech and a can do attitude . 
  i also favour humanism and rationalism . 
  i also suffer from poor choices were i live . 
  care to form a nation of our own ? 
   estonia , the non eastern-european nordic country ? 
  you ought to tease them at least a little . 
  it should read the eastern-european non-nordic country . 
  germany had ( and in many ways still has ) an inflexible labor market . 
  it was just that before the reforms , there was no real economic incentive for poorly educated people to start working . 
  anyway , i find it unlikely that those rather modest reforms are to blame for existing inequalities . 
  they were executed around the year 2003 and if you look at the data , you find that inequality in germany has actually decreased since then . 
  german tv is horrible yet popular . 
  bizarre accents are n't unheard of in american films though . 
  too bad i always wanted to buy a pack of red apple too, 
   walesish should i feel offended ? 
  i have no idea what it means . 
   true it can be hard to make true friends but that 's similar to germany .
