  [ my own ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6lqqgoftxum ) of course, 
   horrible : every other language . 
  godverdomme, 
  those were the days . 
  when mocking the dutch for not qualifying was new and funny . 
  nowadays it 's just sad . 
  that gary lineker quote is great though . 
  the joys of being dutch . 
  most germans do n't even remember it i think . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/pain_au_chocolat the southwest uses a different word than the rest of the country which causes a lot of shitposting . 
  no yet . 
  do n't pretend to be nordic !, 
  is that a thing in switzerland ? 
  i was under the impression that subsidized housing does not exist in switzerland . 
  at least i remember some documentary claiming so . 
  ah , i was specifically comparing germany and the us . 
  do you have a source ? 
  according to the who , the us has more alcohol related deaths and a more dangerous drinking pattern . 
  it 's no big deal here , just like nudity or profanity on tv . 
  when i was 14 . 
  i 'm with you, 
  in germany , you have to go to school for twelve years and pass the final exam to be able to go to university . 
  you can leave earlier , even after nine years if you like , but then you will usually start an apprenticeship , i.e. 
  learn a practical trade . 
  if you failed the final exam , or left school after eleven years , you 're usually eligible to go to a so called college of applied science . 
  this is also college-like education , i.e. 
  there 's no actual labor required besides mandatory internships , but those kinds of colleges aim at teaching skills useful in the real world , wheres germany universities try to create scientists . 
  at the end of university , you should be able to do a phd thesis if you liked . 
  this is not necessarily true if you went to a college of applied science in germany . 
  i think he 's a bigmouth and a bit pathetic . 
  quite a bit of want he wanted to do did n't work out as it 's simply unconstitutional . 
  what he did do ( bombing syria for instance ) is often fine with me . 
  his tax plans seem strange to me and involve a lot of wishful thinking i guess . 
  all in all , it 's not as bad as some people make it sound . 
  you ca n't get it abroad ? 
  mining was still a thing in the uk in the early 80s , although it relied on subsidies , which thatcher wanted to end . 
  ultimately , she was successful , but only after one of the longest and most bitter strikes the country had ever seen . 
  arguably , many regions , including wales , never recovered . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/uk_miners%27_strike_ ( 1984 % e2 % 80 % 9385 ), 
  no discussion here . 
  i merely wanted to point out that chomsky 's statement not that smart , at the very least not grounded in reality . 
   being dangerous is a measure of potential , not a display of what the organization is doing . 
  according to this logic , late 1980s ussr was the most dangerous organization . 
  its stockpile of nuclear warheads was much bigger than what the us has at hands right now . 
  on a somewhat related not , germany does have prime ministers . 
  the head of governments of the federal states of germany are called like that , e.g. 
  bavaria and lower saxony have a prime minister . 
  oh air 's great . 
  how about les wampas and ntm ? 
  jain is also good . 
  in any case , the best of luck . 
  romania and poland are progressing well , why should n't ukraine ? 
  a shitty one . 
  that 's why there 's a drum roll at the end . 
  how else could you know a joke 's been made ? 
  people tend to downvote what they do n't like . 
  that 's all . 
   i 've always wondered , why not just combine the two ? 
  now i do n't know much about those particular subs , but my guess is that people like to have to opinions reinforced . 
  if there 's too much dissent on a sub , we 're more likely to create a new one where only what we believe is true gets discussed . 
  i hope it does n't sound too condescending , but it makes me sad to see how bad off some ( many ) people are just because they happen to be born in a not so great country . 
  i had hoped for some beer exchange . 
  on the other hand , many europeans will go to great length to put the blame on america or only care about events which involve the us so they can complain about their actions . 
  imho , we tend to have a bit of an inferiority complex and need to badmouth the us . 
  it 's not as if the us is perfect and there 's nothing to complain about , but it 's quite telling how passionate people get . 
  oh well , i guess we disagree on that matter . 
  i find more industrialized farms better ( i think you should n't romanticize agriculture ) . 
  i do n't know much about fnsea tbh , but it 's usually the french who oppose a more liberal cap , so i guess small-scale farmers must still be important in french politics . 
  if you take a look at denmark or the netherlands , whose farmers are much more productive , they 're usually the ones who support a more liberal cap . 
  just join bulgaria and you 're all set . 
   we should have helped eastern europe to reach more similar levels of development to the west before admitting them . 
  all in all i think they 're doing great actually . 
   and cap . 
  your very own country might have something to do with that one . 
   \u30ea\u30e5\u30c3\u30af\u30b5\u30c3\u30af karte ( medical file , from krankenkarte ) you mean \u30ab\u30eb\u30c6 i guess . 
  chile too . 
  there are people on reddit who actually work ? 
  it 's so weird when you take a look at the map and realize 90 % of the land mass is supposedly eastern europe . 
  do you really think of mustangs as sports cars ? 
  for me it 's more like golf gti , i.e. 
  a normal , not overly expensive cars with a powerful engine . 
  no , i see american pick-ups sometimes though . 
  at the very least , they are much more common than american sport cars . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/sauerbraten http://www.quick-german-recipes.com/liver-and-onions-recipe.html https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/pinkel i think all of those are pretty good actually . 
  you should combine it with peanut sauce and onions . 
  the eu has been slowly accepting that subsidising agriculture to increase farm profits does n't work . 
  land is a necessary imput for agriculture ( who could 've guessed ) and if you increase subsidies , it merely increases the rent the farmers have to pay . 
  ultimately , those subsidies are always passed on to the land owners who may or may not be the farmers themselves . 
  i depends and the system 's kinda strange . 
  if i use the card my bank issued to withdraw cash from a different atm , i have to pay a fee . 
  if i use my visa card , i do n't . 
  the perks of being slovenian . 
  so you think it 's right wing ? 
  i mean people , i fear including myself , tend to have distorted views sometimes . 
  maybe it 's me who 's wrong . 
  op claimed that us interventions ruined the world . 
  i think the world was worse off when us was n't intervening . 
  the rwandan genocide was so horrible because no one cared . 
  the world is a shitty place despite , not because of , occasional us interventions . 
  also , i wonder in what world it 's okay to slaughter 20 million people just because someone else had done it before .
