  http://www.arbeiterfotografie.com/sozialraub/2005-05-metall-artikel-doppelseite1.jpg in case i have n't made it clear enough , personally i find the idea absurd . 
  trump may be an immature narcissist , but thinking america is as bad as russia is just plain stupid in my opinion . 
  just go with whatever ` r ' you prefer . 
  this is not standard german , but some dialects use it . 
  if it any consolation , even native speakers are n't always sure where exactly the first word ends and the next one begins . 
  your teacher was right though . 
  strictly speaking , this is bad german . 
  the average german is much more conservative than der spiegel , which aims more at college-educated people ( better educated people are usually more left-leaning in germany ) . 
  it 's particularly liked by voters of the green party who account for something like 10 percent of the electorate . 
  if you want to know what average joe or average fritz thinks over here , you should take a look at bild , which is a tabloid , or die wel ' which unlike bild is a proper newspaper ( not as sensationalist ) . 
  die welt is fairly conservative but much more in favor of a free market than the average german . 
  although there are also distinctively conservative authors working for it , it 's generally left-leaning and like many leftist magazines in germany der spiegel likes to shit on america , or the west world in general , too much . 
  at least in my opinion that is . 
  all in all , the articles are well written and usually accurate though . 
   our pleasure is in changing a prime minister every year . 
  italy is very reliable in that regard . 
  as a belgian , you should attend the good festivals your country has to offer like ieperfest or groezrock . 
  1.5 % is probably within the margin of error . 
  i would n't think about it too much . 
  so like this ? 
  tbf , a different chancellor would n't mean a different policy . 
  so no bierfiets where you live ? 
  are n't you forgetting the holstein part ? 
  intrigued probably describes my feeling the best . 
  i mean if people want to troll , that 's okay . 
  at least , it 's better than real-life vandalism . 
  what i do n't understand is why it 's so prevalent in this particular sub . 
  the only other sub i know of that has such a large share of shitposting is / r/4chan , but then again , that goes without saying . 
  i mean it 's not that bad . 
  it 's just potatoes , beetroot and corned beef . 
  the texture leaves a bit to be desired tbh and the look is n't all that appealing obviously . 
  the dish is originally from england so if you hate it , blame them . 
  you 've guessed right . 
  the only missing ingredients are onions and corned beef . 
  it 's a fairly well-known dish from northern germany , somewhat atypical in the sense that it 's not as sweet , but common nonetheless . 
  labskaus takes a bit getting used to i guess . 
  you 're right . 
  nuhr likes to shit on muslims ( which appeals to the right ) , pipers likes to shit on americans ( which appeals to the left ) . 
  does anyone know about visa requirements for german citizens ? 
  i tried google , but the only thing i found out was that poles do n't need one . . 
  german federalism is a joke . 
  the only things the states may decide for themselves are education and police . 
  everything else is standard centralism . 
  this creates rather absurd effects as the federal government , for instance , may pass a law , requiring a local authority to spend money on social services . 
  trouble is , the local authorities may not raise extra taxes , they only get certain kinds of revenue and consequently might not even be able to pay for what they are legally required to do . 
  if you 're looking for real federalism try the us or even better switzerland . 
  they are british though . 
  well , i do . 
  there 's a remedy , we 'll just occupy lorraine as well . 
  that way , there ' wo n't be any ugly bulges . 
  this is what proper house should look like . 
  it all depends . 
  even southern lower saxony is still northern germany . 
  way too random for my liking . 
  wow , there were almost 1400 antisemitic offences in germany in that year alone . 
  no , that was when france was invading russia . 
  as the invasion turned out a bit different than expected , there were russian troops in northern france in 1814 . 
  but that was the only ( afaik ) time that russia had troops invading france . 
  there were russian troops fighting in france during the great war , but those do n't count as enemy forces i guess . 
   sorry that people are being dicks , op . 
  sadly , it 's not the first time it happened . 
  tbf , it 's been a while what russian troops invaded france . 
  looking back , i should 've been a bit more careful and not lump an entire continent together so easily . 
  i should 've checked my grammar before submitting . 
  other than that , i still stand by what i wrote . 
  my flair 's real . 
  i mean there 's definitely some kind of snobbery going on here and not just since trump got elected . 
  many germans look down on america , thinking the country is full of obese , unrefined jerks who know nothing about the world and happily pollute the environment . 
  quite a few people seem to believe that america , or possibly israel , is the most militaristic country in the world and responsible for all the wars . 
  somehow they always manage the twists the facts to make it look like that . 
  i see some kind of victim-blaming too . 
  say there 's been a terrorist attack , then the narrative goes like this , sure the attack was bad , they claim , but ultimately it only happened because america had previously messed around with country x or y. 
  personally , i think it 's some kind of inferiority complex . 
  american history is n't nearly as bad as german and america generally get shit done in the world , so people need to drag america down . 
  it might also be simply because people like the underdog more . 
  i 'm not sure . 
  you 're american i figure ? 
  generally , europeans swear a lot more than americans and doing so is n't not considered rude like it is in the us . 
  are there many people in finland who actually watch rt ? 
  in germany it 's mostly a weirdo , conspiracy theorist thing . 
  ... while waging a civil war . 
  taborites and utraquists were n't exactly on friendly terms . 
  * kaff * in german means either * chaff * or a remote , unimportant village . 
  sure thing . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/berchtesgaden_national_park keep in mind though that camping outside of designated camping sites is prohibited in germany . 
  you probably wo n't get fined if you get caught but probably have to move nonetheless . 
  why would you be offended if someone thought you 're german ? 
  i 've been mistaken for a dutchman more than once . 
  now that is what i call offensive . 
  the executive branch is more than one person , the president is simply the guy who is supposed to be the boss of the executive branch . 
  but he does n't necessarily have to be as powerful as he is . 
  there 's also a head of parliament in the netherlands , so she 's the boss of the legislative branch , but that does n't make her particularly powerful . 
  the fundamental reason why the president of the us is so powerful is because laws are usually vague , not because he 's able to veto laws he does n't like . 
  the laws never talk about what or how exactly something should be done , it 's mostly something like federal agency ` x ' should do something about problem ` a ' . 
  agency ` x ' is then free to do as it pleases and amenable to the president only . 
  separation of powers is a good principle i think . 
  it makes it harder for a democracy to turn into a dictatorship because no single person holds too much power . 
  the founding fathers of the us extensively studied history and tried not to repeat mistakes they identified . 
  whether this is actually true is a bit debatable . 
  weimar republic had proper separation of powers but that did n't prevent the nazis from turning it into a dictatorship whereas the federal republic lacks separation of powers but works reasonably well i guess .
