  oh yeah because the 1930s when the us were in fact isolationist were such a happy place . 
  it 's not like 20 million chinese died because the japanese decided to expand their empire . 
  but those were just chinks so you do n't care right ? 
  i 've always wondered are there people out there who honestly believe in this conspiracy theory ? 
   but maybe it should be how it works . 
  if we 're being completely honest , the u.s. and other more developed countries have stirred the pot in a lot of what has been happening in the me for years , if not decades . 
  we have created the turmoil and then pressured/invited other nations to join in the cause . 
  i do n't think this is entirely true . 
  yes , western countries have meddled with me countries for decades at least and in most cases not for noble reasons . 
  on the other hand , the saudi-iranian conflict wo n't disappear just because the us withdraws . 
  or take a look at what saddam did . 
  those massacres had very little to do with us intervention ( although he was perceived as one of our/your guys back then ) . 
  i strongly suspect he was being sarcastic . 
  now i realize i this is dissenting , particularly on a left-leaning sub like this , but i support american interventionism . 
  it 's a tough job , but somebody 's got ta do it . 
   i like consonants . 
  non-euro , probably japanese now this is a bit inconsistent . 
  so , it 's neither left nor right wing , just selfish . 
  vienna should be okay . 
  there 's nothing wrong with finnair or emirates and both offer chap connections from vienna . 
  he 's probably angry because as an austrian he felt excluded / s. 
  i do n't believe in free will so whether you 're fat or short does n't matter . 
  for me it 's all the same . 
   left and never looked back . 
  so what do you do now ? 
  were are you from and in which sector do you work ? 
  in it no one cares . 
   social-democratic politics , tolerance towards lgbt people , i knew it . 
  bavaria is eastern europe . 
  are they ? 
  afaik , poland and portugal are about the same . 
  do n't be so hard on him . 
  i wholeheartedly support them . 
  to be the question whether it was legal is irrelevant . 
  it was the right thing to do and that 's the only thing that matters . 
  never mind the fact that un sanctions against iraq or eu sanctions against russia did n't prove to be very intimidating . 
  those are n't german film strictly speaking and most of us are happy about it i guess . 
  well , as long as [ this ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/united_nations_human_rights_council ) monstrosity exists there 's no good reason to take the un very seriously me thinks . 
  do you know a good store to buy the dvd ? 
  at amazon it 's # 60.99 which i find a bit steep and standaardboekhandel.be does n't ship to germany . 
  he was making fun of the anti-gmo movement by pointing out similarities to other conspiracy theorists who oppose the scientific consensus . 
   read a long time ago that this can benefit the yields and reduce the amount of fertilizer and pesticides you make it sound as though there 's no drawback . 
  you could use less input and get higher output . 
  do you honestly believe that farmers are so stupid they do n't realize this ? 
  maybe , just maybe , intercropping is n't used because it 's not that great an idea ? 
  maybe , just maybe , farmers know what they are doing a bit better than you are . 
  my bad . 
  back in the 19th , early 20th century , low german speakers were generally considered poorly educated which caused many parents to stop talking low german to their children and language proficiency in northern germany is rather low nowadays , just like people in brittany stop talking breton to their children . 
  so , to compare the languages , this is what ` any idiot can speak high german , low german is for smart ones ' in low and high , i.e. 
  standard , german respectively . 
  hamburg dialect is quite distinct from standard german . 
  when i was talking to some germans from the south west , it took them only one single sentence to figure out where i was coming form . 
  berlin is also different , some low german elements still remain in the local dialects . 
  ` i 've run ' is ` ich bin gelaufen ' in standard german , ` ik bin loopen ' in low german and ` ik bin jelofen ' in berlin . 
  i do n't understand all varieties of german , at least not without having spent some time in the area . 
  austrian german is different from standard german , but the difference is n't any more pronounced than the difference within germany itself . 
  they do n't distinguish between ` p ' and ` b ' or 'd ' and ` t ' like you do in standard german and sometimes use special words that are not used in germany . 
  but again , the differences are n't any bigger than between saxon and alemannic within germany . 
  this is still true http://www.blogigo.co.uk/zuppi/entry/2/gefahrenatlas.jpg, 
  most of the money is wasted . 
  the baltics , poland and the czech republic achieved a lot with much more limited means . 
   the fact that the farmer is now dependent on the company ca n't be denied . 
  i 'm also depended on a baker because , unlike my great-grandmother , i no longer make my own bread . 
  and yet , i still alive and kicking . 
  economic specialization is n't bad you know . 
  in fact , it 's great . 
  it 's the fundamental reason why we 're as well-off as we are . 
  and it case you 're interested about farmers supposedly being exploited by evil monsanto because they are to stupid , you might want to read this study which concluded that `` on average , gm technology adoption has reduced chemical pesticide use by 37 % , increased crop yields by 22 % , and increased farmer profits by 68 % . '', 
  how can you possibly prove the nonexistence of an issue ? 
  it 's okay , i do n't care about karma anyway . 
   first of all , for the human health , there is the principle of precaution . 
  basically , some people assume that there may be effects related to some gmo 's that might only appear years later ( in 20 , 30 years ) and that we do n't know of yet . 
  the problem with that principle is that you do n't have a token population that does not consume gmo food , and one that does ... 
  this can be said about any new technology . 
  you never know the results beforehand , yet people only object to gmos . 
  why not ban electricity ? 
  who knows , maybe in fifty years or so some new , previously unknown issue will arise . 
  we should be precautious and ban electricity until further research has been done ( which in the case of gmos is never enough ) . 
   another problem is biodiversity . 
  those salmon , if they happen to leave their farms and end up free in the wild , being much bigger , will eat bigger fishes that they are not supposed eat , will outbreed the smaller salmons ( non-modified ) and drive them extinct . 
  this could be disastrous . 
  this is not a real problem and even it if were , it is not related to gmos . 
  you know how evolution works , right ? 
  favourable traits will lead to more offspring which will spread the genes responsible for those traits throughtout the population . 
  if larger salmons had such a huge evolutionary advantage over its smaller cousins , humans would not need to selectively breed them . 
  we would have found them in the wild . 
  domesticated horses are also bigger than wild ones . 
  that does n't mean they are more fit , evolutionary speaking . 
   the other problem , is that gmo can endanger ecosystems as there are varieties that could spread to other plants , nature evolves and adapts itself , in the same way there may be bugs that will develop even bigger resilience to figtback the pesticides . 
  again , this is not limited to gmos . 
   another problem is related to soil poisoning . 
  take roundup , the infamous toxic pesticide . 
  plants that are genetically modified are resistant to round up , it kills everything else . 
  farmers will pour tons of that on their crops . 
  it 's not good for the soil quality , so much that a lot of land is becoming unfarmable in some parts of the world . 
  the soil is the most important part of our ecosystems , because the pesticides kill everything that is not genetically modified , the soils who are actually normally teeming with life ( bacterias , mushrooms , worms ... ) , end up dead . 
  this has not happened anywhere , at least not due to glyphosate . 
   massively produced wheat ( with gmo 's ) in france is of such low quality that it 's primarly used to feed pigs . 
  currently , no gm wheat is being produced anywhere in the world , including france . 
   finally , economically , big firms like monsanto owns patents over their seeds and in some parts of the developping world , they will patent some local plants which shows beneficial features , it called `` biopiracy '' .
