  terminator seeds do n't even exist you know ? 
   so if your neighbours switched to a crop that allows them to use poison that will kill anything it hits - how free is your choice to plant any corp you want ? 
  this is not entirely true . 
  the exact same thing can happen in europe at least and has nothing to do with gmos . 
  monocots and dicots are two very different kinds of plants . 
  consequently , farmers use very different kinds of herbicides depending on whether they grow , say , wheat or potatoes . 
  if drifting was a big issue , you would n't be able to grow them next to each other . 
  of course this is no problem at all in real life . 
  this is not entirely true . 
  at least parts of georgia belong to europe according to that definitions . 
  well , metternich already did that for him . 
  the study refers to an who report . 
  the who and the efsa talk about two different kind of risks so they do n't necessarily contradict each other . 
  who talks about potential risk , whereas efsa talks about actual risk in real-life . 
  as an analogy , who talks about whether you could harm yourself using a ladder . 
  it concludes that if you jump off a ladder or fail to secure it properly , you can indeed suffer injuries . 
  efas on the other hand talks about whether using a ladder is safe if you adhere common regulations and use common sense . 
  it then concludes that if you do so , ladders are indeed safe and there is no need for further regulations . 
  more generally speaking , i find your reasoning unscientific and dangerous . 
  it 's not possible to convince you that glyphosate might be safe . 
  if a study shows it dangerous , it proves that glyphosate is indeed harmful . 
  if it does n't , it proves that evil corporations have corrupted unscrupulous bureaucrats ( who are also scientists by the way ) . 
  you 're right . 
  admittedly , regrowing works better for potatoes than for other crops and therefore it 's not that uncommon for potato farmers . 
  anyway , breeds need to be approved and approval had expired . 
  that 's why they were able to sue them . 
   there is increasing concern regarding the health affects of certain pesticides you mean glyphosate ? 
  let me quote efsa on this `` glyphosate is unlikely to pose a carcinogenic hazard to humans and the evidence does not support classification with regard to its carcinogenic potential '' http://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/doi/10.2903/j.efsa.2015.4302/epdf, 
   until it 's proven that gmos are safe , it 's assumed that they are n't . 
  but you can never prove that it 's safe , you can only prove it 's dangerous . 
  the study is very sensationalist ( which is n't all that surprising given that it 's been conducted by a lobby group . ), 
  http://www.centerforfoodsafety.org/reports/1770/seed-giants-vs-us-farmers still , they only give one single example of a real farmer being sued . 
  and that one is very much understandable . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/bowman_v._monsanto_co . 
  monsanto never sued anyone just because they grew gmos on their field . 
  i have no idea , i mean the scientific consensus is clear and there are no rational reasons you could come up with . 
  maybe it 's just some form of conservatism ? 
  like 19th century agriculture was supposedly so much better than today 's ? 
  i am fairly sure that anti-americanism also plays a role . 
   farmers should be allowed to grow their own seeds . 
  no one does though . 
  the word itself is much older though . 
  it was n't just a ww2 thing . 
  why would i ? 
  the only proper pronunciation is augsbu ** a ** ch . 
   other than that just learn our grammar , you language has grammar ? 
  how many of you actually speak belarusian ( instead of russian ) ? 
   the `` g '' - sound is the known one . 
  apparently the thing to realize is that we make that sound in the front of the mouth , not in the back / throat . 
  i think it really depends where exactly you are in the netherlands/belgium . 
  now this sucks . 
  i 've always wanted to visit russia , but i do n't speak a single word of russian . 
  i think / u/lohrenswald meant the difference between \u00e7 and \u03c7 . 
  the ch in ` milch ' is not the same as in ` dach ' . 
  i thought you hated russians the most . 
  given that [ this ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wrfrceukix0 ) is a fairly accurate representation of german tourists , i must say i 'm glad you exists . 
  we 're not the worst . 
  that 's the joke . 
  i believe in the efficient market hypothesis , so i guess is that the current value is best . 
  the problem , however , is that this current value is not optimal for each and every member states . 
  that 's the problem . 
  the euro area is far from optimal from an economics point of view . 
  maybe ` mushy ' describes it better . 
   people are a lot more direct and care little of what others do or say . 
  where exactly are you from ? 
  most dutch people i know are fairly blunt . 
   and i realized the british had more in common with the japanese ( i had just moved from japan ) . 
  both are very good at queuing , but anything else in particular ? 
  i mean both are very polite ( or less blunt than germans ) , but this holds true for americans also . 
  oh well , everything is obvious once you know the answer . 
  i also fell for that . 
  it 's a proposal , the exact phrasing does n't exist in english which might cause some trouble understanding . 
  it 's like `` do you want to go home with me and drink some more ? '', 
  i see . 
  i was overestimating mutual intelligibility i guess . 
  the first part is very different grammatically from english . 
  it says `` want to go home and drink a little bit '' . 
  wi = we , hus = house , l\u00fct = little , beeten = bit . 
  `` naa hus '' means `` back home '' in this case , literally `` to house '' . 
  `` l\u00fct beeten '' is `` little bit '', 
  it 's low german . 
  this should be possible i guess . 
  y\u016bsh\u016bkan is quite interesting to visit . 
  a rather unique view on the war and all that . 
  you can enter multiple times if you like . 
  economically , singapore is much freer than those countries . 
  i find those people highly entertaining actually . 
  everyone looks exactly the same yet everyone is convinced they 're highly individualistic . 
  after this holocaust thing , german self-esteem took a serious hit . 
  trouble is , germans still think they 're better than everyone else , so now they 're constantly busy belittling the rest of the world . 
  since we 're shit , you must be even worse . 
  i mean with bavaria at least i can understand why they think they 're better than everyone else . 
  but cologne ? 
  to clarify , fettes brot is a bit like beastie boys , i.e. 
  more punk-like , and fanta4 is like coolio , that is more pop . 
  not everyone classifies that as rap . 
  tbf , limburg is n't really dutch . 
  although widely regarded as workaholics , germans work very little on average , 1,371 hours per year according to the oecd . 
  how about where the name bulgaria comes from ? 
  that 's odd , maybe our etymologists need to talk about it .
