  you 're okay . 
  the law does n't exactly stop swedes from moonshining though . 
  root beer as a product is essentially unknown in germany . 
  the * taste * of root beer is fairly well-known however . 
  german mouthwashes ( at least the ones i know ) taste like root beer . 
   how is battle managed in that game ? 
  the game is n't very different from other paradox games . 
  it 's mostly about exploiting the ai 's inability to understand diplomacy . 
  quantity is the only thing that matters so you need to find a strong country to form an alliance with and the let that sucker win the war for you . 
  very common in the specific region i 'm from , very uncommon for germany as a whole . 
  this holds true for many north german surnames . 
  * dutch are cheap and quite materialistic in general . 
  * germans fetishizing stainless steel is also accurate . 
  * german humour is generally * very * bad . 
  according to metternich the balkans begin at the rennweg ( a road in vienna ), 
  it 's not quite the same in japanese though . 
   yet all the germans on here seem to shit on it :( nah , it 's not that bad . 
  i mildly annoyed because the locals are so full of themselves . 
  it 's like oh yeah we 're so indie and hip when in reality they are merely living off government grants and other subsidies . 
  i find it funny how they think they are anti-establishment when they could n't survive on their own . 
  on what ? 
  i 'm more confused than ever . 
  everywhere in rural areas . 
  only the old parts of the villages though . 
  it 's the same everywhere i guess . 
  peanut butter bread and green tea . 
  i 'm sorry , it always ends up like this . 
  those are actual lyrics ? 
  how so ? 
   es ist kaus bausen ( it 's cold outside ) er ist trotz und m\u00fcdig ( he is proud and courageous ) try to speak low german next time . 
  it would 've worked just fine in that language . 
  that holds true for german-speaking areas too . 
  let 's blame austria for mixing those things up . 
  i regularly drink a beer or two in the evening , although this is not the norm . 
  it 's normal to offer one to visitors though . 
  younger people or older on occasions when it 's socially acceptable to be drunk will drink large amounts of booze too . 
  not all parts of germany love beer as much as the stereotype might suggest . 
  liquor is very popular too . 
  well , the exact same thing could be said about most countries of origin . 
  america is not responsible for what 's happening in syria , eritrea and nigeria , where a significant number of refugees comes from . 
  you might argue that america can be blamed for * not * bombing enough in somalia , where the situation is indeed shitty . 
  first of all , [ this ] ( https://www.foreignaffairs.com/articles/middle-east/2014-06-16/what-really-happened-iran ) might be enlightening . 
  be aware , it 's behind a paywall . 
  second , the driving force behind the coup was the uk , yet people only ever blame america . 
  is n't is strange ? 
  this is not bad . 
  the pot calling the kettle black is . 
   and find a scapegoat . 
  i find it funny how your scapegoat is always america . 
  do n't feel too bad about the downvotes please . 
  i know iranian refugees . 
  please enlighten me , how is the us responsible for iranians oppressing fellow iranians just they are zoroastrians ? 
  how so ? 
  i mean at some point you should probably stop looking for possible dangers . 
  you think we 've reached that point ? 
  which method do you mean exactly ? 
  ge typically does n't increase yield . 
  it reduces pesticide use in the case of bt crops or makes herbicide use more convenient and less damaging in the case of glyphosate-resistant crops . 
  generally speaking , high yield crops are more difficult to manage . 
  they are more prone to lodging and more prone to fungal infection and consequently need more growth regulators ( to prevent lodging ) or fungicides ( to prevent fungal infections ) . 
  if yield is higher , plants necessarily take up more nutrients . 
  roughly speaking , if you harvest twice as much , you also need twice as much fertilizer . 
  the nutrients in the bread you eat must come from somewhere you see . 
  as farmers adjust the amount of fertilizer they apply to the expected yield , this is not really bad though . 
  farmers generally do n't want to damage soil fertility . 
  you mean yield per hectare ? 
  those subsidies come from the [ second pillar ] ( https://ec.europa.eu/agriculture/rural-development-2014-2020_en ) of the common agricultural policy , which is supposed to support rural development and nature conservation . 
  it 's up to the individual member states how exactly to spend those funds , so europeans wo n't be able to help you much as the details may vary between the different countries . 
  in germany , the federal states may decide and almost all chose not to support new farmers for example ( and do something else instead ) . 
  heavy drinking is mostly a problem in the poorer post-socialists countries . 
  i do n't want to sugar coat anything , but life expectancy in western europe is still higher than in the us despite our higher alcohol consumption . 
  on a related note , i want government to stay out of my life in general . 
  if i want to drink , i should be able to do so . 
  there does exist a terminator technology which will turn the seeds sterile , i.e. 
  they will not germinate . 
  this technology has never been used in any seeds available to the public however . 
  critics of gmos often cite terminator technology to argue against gmos , but this is just a straw man really . 
  on the other hand , many many breeds are hybrids , i.e. 
  they are a cross of two true-breeding plants . 
  they offer enormous advantages over true-breeds , but the farmers ca n't regrow the seeds as only the first generation is uniform . 
  if the farmers tried to use the seeds again , the traits of the parental true breeds would pop up again . 
  consequently , even though the farmers could use those seeds in principle , it 's not really viable . 
  this has nothing to do with gmos though . 
  even in europe , where gmos are essentially banned , farmers use hybrids and must therefore re-buy seeds each year . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/mendelian_inheritance even when farmers do n't use hybrids , they usually buy new seeds anyhow . 
  re-used seeds are typically not as healthy as the real ones and the whole cleaning process involved and all that requires quite a bit of work , so most farmers outsource this . 
  just like farmers do n't build their own tractors , they do n't produce their own seeds mostly . 
   many people like religion here , they strictly follow it but not really at the same time ( complicated , i know ) . 
  admittedly , i do n't know many arabs personally . 
  but from what i 've gathered , almost everyone drinks alcohol . 
  it 's just that you have to do it in secret . 
  why is it so bad if everybody does it ? 
  interestingly enough , i 've never seen anyone using the precautionary principle to argue against organic food . 
  i mean i do n't know a single study proving that organic food is safe to eat . 
  can we really allow unscrupulous farmers to use as as test subjects ? 
  and think of all the evil corporations working in that field !, 
  they are only in it for the money i say !!!!!, 
  this can be said about each and every product i consume . 
  why the specific hatred though ? 
   gmo seeds ( they do n't really reproduce ) .
