your own fault , you should n't have called yourself duits back then . 
  at least we got an [ awesome comic ] ( http://i.imgur.com/m2bdw3s.png ) out of it . 
  i for one prefer yours . 
  to me it seems more likely that they have some sort of inferiority complex . 
  i use a direct bank and do n't pay anything for my account or credit card and all that stuff . 
  a more traditional bank , i.e. 
  one with branches , charges a few $ per month . 
  you may even have to pay for cash withdrawal ( this is very rare though ) or additional fees for money transfers ( not so rare ) and credit cards . 
  you need a manual to operate japanese toilets . 
  just bring your hourly wage rate to western european levels . 
  that should do the trick . 
   banking is also cheap ( or free for basic account ) it is n't in france ? 
  inb4 scandinavians rode gr\u00fctt for themselves . 
   netherlands this . 
  yet your flag is luxembourgian . 
  / r/askreddit is a particularly bad sub though . 
  the same stuff gets reposted all the time and it 's only about karma . 
  my grandma actually did . 
  the general attitude is he who can drink can also work . 
  it 's great fun though . 
  you know your country sucks when alcohol is even more expensive than in sweden . 
  there are plenty of voiceless uvular fricatives in german too . 
  i speak low saxon . 
  where i live it has become a family thing only , i.e. 
  even though a fair number of people , including small children , know the language , you only use it with your family . 
  a few of my friends do too , but you never expect strangers to do so and first address them using german . 
  once you 've started talking to someone , it 's strange to switch languages . 
  some acquiescences of mine only speak german to one another because that 's how they first met , but speak only low saxon to their children . 
  in principle , i have the right to address my local government in that language , but it never occurred to me to do so . 
  it 's mostly dead in public . 
  never happened to me and i 've lived in several cities . 
  if you mean ale as beer in general then sure . 
  but not a proper ale . 
  even since this craft beer thing started , a million ipas have entered the market . 
  but i do n't like them very much . 
  the brewers add way too much hops and its flavour is too dominant for my liking . 
  it 's like preparing a fine dish only to add ridiculous amounts of chili pepper at the end and this is all you can taste . 
  at least that 's my opinion . 
  schnapsidee , literally ` liquor idea ' . 
  a bizarre plan that no sane person would ever come up with unless a high amount of alcohol was involved . 
  i wish i could get a decent ale over here . 
  just for clarification , in the hipster regions of germany craft beer definitely is a thing . 
  armenia is ( oriental ) orthodox . 
  asia minor is the same thing in english . 
  i own a vw golf and it just barely fits into the parking space at my apartment ( which i have to admit is ridiculously small even by german standards ) . 
  horrible accent but excellent political system . 
  it 's been a while but even one of the youth hostels in berlin had a beer vending machine and one cared . 
  certainly not our teacher ( although we were 15 at that time ) . 
  better him than schulz . 
   which is also very close to german . 
  yeah i never quite understood why the dutchies complain about your accent being unintelligible and all that . 
  to me it 's perfectly fine . 
  american at least know that they do n't know much about europe though . 
  it 's not all * that * serious i guess . 
  i 'd very much prefer german bread , but i did n't find dutch bread too repulsive when i lived there . 
  north germans sometimes use ` ja ' as a filler and inhale while talking . 
  yeah yours is better, 
  he should 've used the proper german words , vorsaufen and eierbacken . 
  even germans do it . 
  [ those ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/middle_low_german ) were the days my son . 
  how do the not so great relations between the two countries fit into that picture ? 
  as far as i know , yugoslavia was fiercely independent . 
  depends a bit on who you ask . 
  on the one hand , the genitive is a little pretentious . 
  on the other hand , substituting it with the dative may make you sound like an unrefined brute . 
  personally , i 'd say yes . 
  yes , i rarely use the correct conditional mood and avoid the genitive case . 
  people who do use them are just pretentious . 
  [ bonjour frogs , we 're back . 
  ] ( http://www.titanic-magazin.de/fileadmin/_migrated/pics/card_1065889792.jpg ), 
   not all of them , but those that were n't stayed in indonesia . 
  it 's a complicated story do you have a link to read a bit more about it ? 
  i speak dutch if this simplifies things for you . 
  well , you need to consider two things . 
  first of all , demand is price inelastic , i.e. 
  consumers will not buy more butter just because the price has gone down . 
  second , production is also inelastic . 
  it takes at least two years to raise a calf and dairy farming involves relatively high fixed costs , i.e. 
  farmers will not produce more just because the price has increased . 
  you need more cows and possibly more stables and all that takes time . 
  until ten years ago or so the dairy market was quite heavily subsidized and the price was relatively fixed because it only depended on whatever the eu decided the price would be . 
  nowadays it 's more or less free market and consequently the price is more volatile . 
  relatively small shocks can cause price slumps or surges . 
  for some strange reason , demand for butter has gone through the roof . 
  this is a global phenomenon though , not just a european one . 
  long story short , the recent surge has little to do with russia . 
  maybe a tiny little bit because european farmers reduced production to take russian sanction into account when demand actually increased soon after . 
  after all , prediction is very difficult , especially about the future . 
   are our farmers . 
  but then again , most of them would n't even survive on the global market without the subsidiaries from brussels . 
  i work in a related field and this is not quite true ( i hope i do n't sound too dickish ) . 
  demand for agricultural produce is very price inelastic and most of are sold via fixed contracts , i.e. 
  the spot market is of little importance . 
  when russia suddenly imposed sanctions , there was this excess milk on the market that could no longer be sold to russia and no one knew what to do with , so the price collapsed . 
  right now , new contracts have been set up and the price is back to normal . 
  more generally speaking , european farmers are definitely competitive and do n't necessarily need subsidies . 
  those subsidies are passed down to the land owners who may not be the same guy as the farmer . 
  the guy who receives subsidies may not be the one who profits from them . 
  it 's a bit like sales taxes where companies pay those taxes , but pass them on to the consumers , i.e. 
  the consumers are the ones who are hurt , not the companies that pay them .
