  if you have a president , you have a proper separation of power . 
  in most parliamentary systems , the legislative and executive branch are essentially the same . 
  low german is not an older form of standard , i.e. 
  high german , if that is what you are thinking ? 
  it 's a separate language , more closely related to dutch and english than german . 
  anyway , in north eastern germany , in those parts that made up the gdr , the language is dead . 
  even in the west , command is usually declining and in most cities you 'd be hard pressed to find someone being able to speak it even among the elderly . 
  on the other hand , there are kindergartens where the children are supposed to speak low german , even in a large city like hamburg . 
  i do n't know how seriously they take it though . 
  formal education is standard german only , but you may take elective courses if you like at some schools . 
  i 'm from lower saxony and in rural areas at least the language is n't dead . 
  i know many small children who can speak it . 
  you sure about it ? 
  old saxon did have articles ( i 'm no linguist and not 100 % sure though ) and old saxon was pretty much the same in england and northern germany . 
  japanese words have no gender either . 
  finally i understand why the birth rate 's so low . 
  i find that * extremely * hard to image . 
  it 'll be just like 2002 when the conservative candidate won the runoff election by a landslide . 
  tbh , i do n't know much about it , but according to wikipedia it 's true indeed . 
  poland is n't so bad i think . 
  you were pretty much fubar by ww2 , no matter who won , you would suffer . 
  and yet , there were frequent protests against soviet occupation and you were instrumental in its eventual downfall . 
  given your shitty position following the fall of the iron curtain , i think you did well . 
  why is nasa hosting a picture of a german excavator ? 
  oh , there are so many contenders in this regard . 
  it makes me want to move there . 
  sure it 's not perfect , but it 's easy to measure and correlates quite highly with all the other factors . 
  if you have no money , you ca n't spend much on healthcare or education . 
  there is progress however . 
  they were kings , the only ones in the hre . 
  you ought to play eu more . 
  personally , i 'm more in favour of hanlon 's razor , i.e. 
  `` never attribute to malice that which is adequately explained by stupidity '' . 
  the us probably hoped that a more determined move , deploying the pacific fleet to pearl harbor where it could intervene more quickly than from california and the oil embargo might deter further japanse aggression . 
  what they failed to realize was that japan might be inclined to become very aggressive right now when it still had the oil reserves to strike . 
  also , deploying the fleet to pearl harbor not only meant that it could intervene more quickly , the fleet could also become a target more easily . 
  married . . appealed to me because the protagonists were a great , hilarious anti-heroes . 
  there 's this loser dad whose glory days are long gone , the lazy wife , the horny son . 
   but was n't the law in conflict with european law ? 
  my understanding is , that it has to be modified ( and voted upon again ) , to ` likely ' meet the requirements ( regarding the commission ) . 
  the law did violate eu regulations , but they 've made some amendments like reducing the price for foreigners and taking environmental issues into account , so germany and the eu have reached an agreement and it could be implemented . 
  religion is essentially irrelevant in germany and church attendance is low , although not as low as in other western european countries . 
  actually , the majority of the population supports gay marriage , but the law has yet to change . 
  right now , there 's only some sort of civil union , i.e. 
  an arrangement largely similar to marriage but named differently . 
  i do n't know the exact reason , the conservative party is ruling right now and maybe its politicians are too conservative to do something about it . 
  it 's not a really important issue right now , so there 's little pressure for conservative politicians , who might indeed be unwilling to do something about it to change the situation . 
  monetarism is keynesian economics , it simply focusses more on monetary policy rather than government spending . 
  still , monetary policy is an important aspect of keynesian economics no matter your focus . 
  huh ? 
  friedman was a keynesianist , i don ' think he should be included in the list . 
   what about coalitions with more than two parties ? 
  those are somewhat common in the netherlands . 
  it did happen right after ww2 and it is happening right now on a local level , but generally this is somewhat uncommon over here . 
  in germany , unlike in the netherlands , parties have to pass a threshold or they wo n't get any seats at all . 
  if the party does n't get at least five percent of the votes , all the votes forfeit . 
  this obviously reduces the number of parties in parliament and makes it more difficult for new parties to come up . 
  consequently , two-party coalitions were the norm ( for decades there were only three parties in the bundestag ) . 
  also , nowadays at least , even three-party coalitions might struggle to gain a majority in parliament , just like in the netherlands , so it 's mostly cdu and spd , the german version of cda and pvda who form the government . 
  i wonder how they managed to do so though . 
  japan privatised its railway too and it worked out very well . 
  i wonder why they never use `` republik-iren '' or other ludicrous terms though . 
  it 's a real shame you guys fail to qualify for the finals so much lately . 
  we miss beating you . 
  i 'm german and i do n't use titles either . 
  that 's more of an austrian thing i guess . 
   4 how do you 'll ( i know generalizing us bad ) feel about when americans pronunciation things differently i.e. 
  you ought to hear germans pronounce ` code ' as in ` source code ' . 
  they do n't bother with the proper pronunciation either which makes the word sound like the german word for ` faeces ' . 
  for me , * absolute giganten * is the best german film . 
  yeah , it funny how many countries claim to have a football rivalry with germany when the only thing the krauts care about is that the netherlands lose . 
   right wing politics what about poland or hungary ? 
  it will probably end like 2002 when the french socialists grumpily voted for the conservative candidate chirac in the run-off election . 
  my stereo 's dutch , my tv 's japanese . 
  why would i care where the bookstore 's from ? 
  even luddite germany ca n't stop progress forever . 
  slowly , very slowly , visa contactless is creeping in . 
  i always though the poles considered themselves central european ? 
  ( and rightfully so imho ), 
  strictly speaking , abortion is illegal in germany too . 
  however , the legal offence will not be prosecuted if you follow some rules . 
  and even this was challenged in court by bavaria . 
  in eastern germany , the former communist party also re-branded itself as modern left wing and subsequently won many elections in those federal states which were part of the gdr . 
  they are n't important on a federal level simply because they receive much less votes in the west and are generally on bad terms with the social democrats so they lack a coalition partner here . 
   mature you mean fermenting right ? 
  beware though , the berlin hipsters have advanced as far as leipzig already . 
  prague is in grave danger . 
  it depends on where you 're from . 
  during the middle ages , german and dutch , and also english for that matter , used to form a dialect continuum , meaning that there were only tiny differences between the dialects of villages which gradually became bigger and bigger until people could n't really understand each other . 
  even today , as both german and dutch have been largely standardized , and drifted apart quite a bit , dutch is easy to understand if you 're from the north of germany ( and thus your local dialect is close to dutch ) , whereas swiss german is * very * hard . 
  if you 're from the south , it 's the other way round . 
  not to question israel in general but how come you only scored 80 ? 
  italians undeniably improved austrian cuisine . 
  i 'm sure they 'd manage again if they had to . 
  http://www.schorschbraeu.de/portfolio-item/schorschbock-43-02-liter-amber-2015/ do n't know about the taste though . 
  i do n't know a single dutchman who likes heineken . 
  that 's odd . 
  i had the feeling those ipas all tasted the same because of the excessive use of hops . 
  never mind the fact that this metric is kinda shitty , this increase in poverty can be entirely explained by immigration . 
  these immigrants may be poor according to the parit\u00e4tischer wohlfahrtsverband , but for some reason i suspect they are much better off being `` poor '' in germany compared to where they come from .
