  it makes farmers economically dependent from them because they need to buy new seeds every year ( their plants do n't produce any ) and causes huge ethic problematics regarding patenting things that are alive . 
  this is not true . 
  terminator seeds do n't exist . 
  i have no idea why they 're constantly brought up . 
  farmers are actually buying new seeds each year anyhow , as most are hybrids which ca n't be regrown . 
  and guess what , they happily do it because the increased yields more than outweigh the higher costs . 
  farmers are n't stupid you know , they know how to increase profits . 
  for whatever reason , people seem to be prone to antiscientific views . 
  i do n't know a good explanation either , but if you look around , you find plenty of scientifically accepted facts that are still contested by non-scientists . 
  just look at climate change or how many people , in the us at least , do n't believe in evolution . 
  i 'm amazed actually how people obviously have no idea about the topic yet still hold such strong views on that matter . 
  i can do no other . 
  i must object . 
  fellow lutheranians , fellow calvinists , fellow hussites let us form a great protestant union to thwart this perfidious act . 
  i see , i was confused because the map you provided highlighted croatia and wondered what war you meant . 
  why do they mock you ? 
  probably meant flemish . 
  i do n't want to raise any anschluss fears , but the distinction between german and dutch is n't very old . 
  there 's a reason why the word ` dutch ' sounds strikingly similar to ` deutsch ' or why the dutch reformed church of south africa is called nederduitse gereformeerde kerk . 
  what happened next ? 
  learn proper low saxon goddammit . 
  football is the proper name . 
  if only i understood polish . 
   nah , its not germany not yet / s, 
  admittedly , that 's good stuff . 
  vla and hagelslag are great too . 
  it 's also annoying that you ca n't get friet speciaal over here . 
  there 's a german in this thread complaining about the german version . 
  heresy i say , heresy . 
  i think it 's kinda annoying that intestines are so hard to come by . 
  their cuisine is generally bad , do n't think too much about it . 
  boerenkool 's great though . 
  protestants would definitely not have liked that . 
  and do n't forget the sack of magdeburg . 
  it was n't just the french and swedes who were to prone to commit atrocities . 
   napoleon not attacking spain . 
  i do n't think that would have changed much , at least not for france . 
  although the british like to think otherwise , the only thing that really mattered was russia . 
  only when napoleon 's army was more or less wiped out in russia did his allies abandon him . 
  spain was more of a nuisance . 
  honestly , a parliamentary system has flaws of its own . 
  there 's no separation of powers and in some ways it 's pretty undemocratic . 
  in germany there 's no difference between the legislative and the executive . 
  personally i find that much worse than the american system with its relatively powerless legislature . 
  moreover , candidates are voted according to lists which the parties decide on . 
  if you 're on top of the list , you 're guaranteed to win a seat , if you 're way down on that list , you do n't . 
  this makes the parties quite powerful , more powerful than the electorate in many ways . 
  a big jerk who nobody likes can get elected if only the party supports him . 
  when comparing the number of titles the gap is a bit bigger though . 
   or maybe germany ? 
  fine with me . 
  hey , the dutch are our rightful rivals . 
  do n't you dare insulting those kaaskopjes . 
  north of germany . 
  it 's fairly common here , although it means something very different of course . 
  it 's titty in dutch, 
  if it 's any consolation , my last name is tietje . 
  for some strange reason dutch people find that one funny , too . 
  unfortunately , i 've played panzer corps so much , without your flag i 'd assume you 're an anti-tank gun . 
  i do n't hate berlin any more than cologne or munich whose inhabitants are at just as pathetic ( although for different reasons ) . 
  i do n't think there 's a big difference between east and west nowadays in that regard . 
  western germany is n't very corrupt and so is the east . 
  trying to bribe government officials here would almost certainly not work . 
  i 'm no expert on that matter , maybe it 's because those kind of jobs are fairly good , they receive lots of benefits and the work is generally easy . 
  they would lose all that if they get caught . 
  moreover , there 's no real black market left . 
  in eastern germany , there was plenty of money but not enough goods to spend that money on . 
  consequently , you could only buy some goods if you knew the local clerk or could barter . 
  this is n't true any more . 
  on the other hand , the informal sector is quite big in germany . 
  it definitely helps if you know a craftsman who 's willing to moonlight . 
  if you do n't , building a house is expensive here as the tax burden on labour is quite high . 
  also , government contracts can be a bit fishy sometimes . 
  in principle , they are supposed to call for bids , but this is not always the case , at least not on a local level where there 's not so much public interest and journalists are unlikely to investigate . 
  but again , this is true for both east and west . 
   so was your explanation still correct ? 
  well , not quite . 
  members of the house wetting * eventually * became dukes of saxony . 
  i made it look like they instantly received that title . 
  maybe you could compare it to claiming north america was first settled by some indians and then pow the us appeared without mentioning british colonization at all . 
  i think / r/europe is even worse than that , at times at least . 
  it might just as well be called / r/shiteuropeanssay, 
  in germany at least , where you could fairly easily compare the standard of living in both countries , the difference was appalling . 
  other than a few die-hard communists , no one believed the propaganda . 
  the was a concert by a socialist band from western germany in east berlin . 
  one of the songs was about wanting a better life and a better society and how it was impossible in this country , i.e. 
  western germany . 
  however , when they were playing that song in east berlin , were particularly keen on emphasizing that very part , meaning that in east germany a good life was n't possible either . 
  so even german socialists did n't think highly of the soviet union generally , consumer goods were in short supply . 
  there was enough food of course , but if you wanted a bit more luxury , better meat or fresh fruits for example you needed connection . 
  basically , everyone was corrupt . 
  people depended a lot on gifts they received from western relatives , if they wanted things like real coffee for example . 
  the streets and many building were in a bad shape . 
  there were only a few model boroughs so to say which were actually taken care of . 
  society was generally perceived as oppressive and static , though the latter had improved a bit by the 80s . 
  i think when andropov got elected as the general secretary people were jokingly calling him young and wild ... he was almost 70 at that time . 
  the economy was a mess . 
  no one cared about the quality of the product , you just had to produce enough tons or pieces of whatever you were supposed to produce . 
  the gulag archipelago was well-known at that time in the west , so many people knew about soviet injustice . 
  even though communists were regarded quite poorly , some people still were shocked when they returned after the collapse of the soviet union .
