  and immigrants were usually quite well off or they would n't have been able to hire traffickers to get them into germany . 
  actually we have six weeks off ... on top of ten public holidays or so ( exact number depends on the federal state ), 
  more like corrupt your german . 
  if only austrians could distinguish `` p '' and `` b '' or `` t '' and `` d '' . 
  but the beer ? 
  and the ~ ~ patat ~ ~ friet ? 
  i mean you did n't fare too poorly even when you could n't form a government . 
  be careful what you wish for . 
  given how keen italy is on switching sides , you might end up in an alliance with them sooner than you think . 
  and then you have to deal with italian incomeptence . 
  who cares about downvotes ? 
  i got downvoted for providing sources to back my claims . 
  1864 best year of my life, 
  make germany small again !, 
  good point, 
  to me it seems odd that the same author uses very different arguments depending on the country he talks about . 
  if being a net importer does n't harm the us , why would it harm greece ? 
   face it . 
  euro is making germany richer and the rest of the euro zone poorer . 
  as a german citizen the euro is making me quite a bit poorer . 
  if it was n't for the euro , the exchange rate would be much more favourable and my purchasing power much higher . 
  it is me who 's subsidizing german industry and greek consumers . 
  there 's also the theory ( to which i adhere ) that the balance of trade does n't really matter . 
  trade is good , whether you buy or sell more is irrelevant . 
  do n't get me wrong , i do n't like my fellow europeans talking shit about the us all the time . 
  and yes , european countries should spend more on defence . 
  but without us support , resisting russia is simply impossible . 
  it has always been and will always be , even if the european countries were to tripled their defence spending . 
  well , strictly speaking , japanese does n't have adjectives , you can add all sorts of particles to nouns though . 
  so people just make fun of them because it 's a nazi party , they never actually proposed anything like that ? 
  you also deny the armenian genocide ? 
  is it some kind of joke ? 
  i 'm not too familiar with dutch politics but i was unable to find anything on the internet . 
  russia used to be a large importer of european dairy products . 
  when russia got embargoed following this whole crimea thing , putin decided to retaliate and banned dairy imports from western europe . 
  as a result , european producers faced a hard time when the producer price collapsed . 
  unfortunately for russia , the producer price in europe is back to normal by now , whereas the consumer price in russia is still atrociously high . 
  would you prefer being part of the netherlands instead ? 
   google knows everything about me and i 've resigned myself to that . 
  google thinks i 'm female and british . 
  i consider myself moderately left and i think he does have a point although his wording is a bit over the top . 
   the current german goverment agreed to this , goverments change . 
   farmers complaining that the market price for ( cows ' ) milk is so low it 's driving them out of business . 
  that was some time ago , in germany at least the price is back to normal . 
  the market is pretty volatile right now . 
   i can tell you the subsidies are very important ... and you get them depending what you farm and also you are bound to respect strict rules of doing agriculture . 
  also if you do n't cultivate any crops you get nothing . 
  this is just not true . 
  okay , farmers are subject to cross compliance , i.e. 
  they need to follow the law to receive subsidies . 
  other than that , they are free to do whatever they like . 
  let just quote [ this study ] ( https://www.agrar.hu-berlin.de/de/institut/departments/daoe/abl/ihe/veroeff/jae%20decoupling%202007.pdf ) `` under the 2003 reform of the common agricultural policy ( cap ) of the european union ( eu ) , most direct payments to agricultural producers were decoupled from production and granted to producers as single farm payments ( sfps ) , with effect from 2005 ( though with variations between member states ) . 
  in contrast to agenda 2000 direct payments , sfps are not coupled to the current production of any specific agricultural commodity ( agra informa , 2006 ) . '', 
  effective rates of protection are actually low for most agricultural produce in europe , only a few goods like beef and bananas are more expensive than they are on the world market . 
  farmers are heavily subsidized but those subsidies are decoupled , meaning that the farmers get them no matter what they produce or whether they produce anything at all . 
  consequently , subsidies should n't affect production . 
  if you see a farmer growing wheat , it means he would make a profit even without any subsidies at all . 
  sd is often a much better indicator than the mean . 
  i see you 've already adopted glorious low saxon language . 
  we might get along actually . 
  that 's the joke my dear . 
  [ ostfalen ] ( https://nl.wikipedia.org/wiki/oostfalen ) exists . 
  kanker collaborateur, 
  they game is n't very good though . 
   in short : capitalism . 
  in short : socialism . 
  living standards in the east are so bad that people prefer to live in the west where wages are higher . 
   the spd is still dominated by the same fraction that supported schr\u00f6ders neoliberal policies . 
  and merkel is reaping the benefits of those reforms . 
  he had he backbone to actually do something about the miserable state of the german economy , even if it meant losing the election . 
  i still hold him in high regards for this , not matter whether he 's a russian puppet or not . 
   i 'm not sure what you think this says that contradicts what i 'm saying ; it makes very clear that nederduits does not and did not mean ` dutch-german ' , but simply explains that the term derives from the ancient term for the language of the people ; in another post somewhere on this thread i already explained why this should not be taken as an indication of dutch meaning german or any such thing . 
  maybe your dutch is n't that good ? 
  v\u00f3\u00f3r de 19de eeuw was nederduits synomiem met nederlands . '', 
  which words do you not understand exactly ? 
  i 'm happy to help in any way i can . 
   also the belgians did not suffer worse . 
  belgium suffered an estimated 88,000 casualties over the course of the war . 
  that includes both civilian and military . 
  1.05 % of the population . 
  the netherlands suffered an estimated 210,000 casualties . 
  2.41 % of the population . 
  i think you should include ww1 as well . 
  did n't make it clear in my first post though . 
   do you honestly not understand how some of us might get upset with germans genuinely believing/acting as if we 're basically just ` some kind of german ' , and ignoring the fact we 've had our own language and culture for far longer than germany has even existed ? 
  i do n't think many germans really care about it , not nearly as much as you do at least ( a similar thing happens with austria ) . 
  even the most avid nationalists in 19th century germany did n't want include the netherlands in greater germany . 
  there 's a certain tendency over here to see dutch as simplified german ( and many , many jokes ) , but that 's about it . 
  that being said , do you really deny that there 's some sort of dialect continuum and therefore similar cultures ? 
  i define culture mostly by language , if you have any better definition , let me know . 
  the difference between the language spoken in groningen and leer was essentially nonexistent and much , much smaller than between amsterdam and groningen or frankfurt and leer . 
  the same thing happened further south with maastricht and aachen ( aken ) , whose language was also very different from standard dutch or dutch german but very similar to one another . 
  it 's more like people randomly draw a border and now some people ended up on the one side on some on the other . 
  this is really what i believe and you did n't really bring up any good points to change my beliefs . 
  even your own wiki says so . 
  https://nl.wikipedia.org/wiki/nederduits#diets_en_nederduits on a somewhat related note , i find dutch people fairly weird as they 're so easily triggered . 
  even if you want to go back to ww2 and talk about how that fucking mof stole your bike , i wonder why it 's always the dutch who come up with those stories and never the belgians who arguably suffered worse . 
  you just sounded very angry and i do n't understand the need for that . 
   to state that low german is no more different from german than dutch of all your incoherent rambling this is the worst . 
  i did n't even say that .
