  the wheel thing is poorly translated ` rat ' and ` rad ' and very different things in german . 
  times have changed i guess . 
  you mean the uk is just like eastern friesland ? 
  huh ? 
  but the roman empire is alive and well in ck2 . 
   i would n't see someone with any kind of group-prejudice as anyhow fit to have any kind of political view on the world ; those using it are : rightwing if being prejudiced means being right-wing , you can end up at very strange conclusions . 
  just look at venezuela which is left-wing i guess but extremely anti-american . 
  how can they be both left and right if those are two very different things and mutually exclusive ? 
  or how can you explain this ? 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/new_antisemitism#/media/file:neoantisemismo.jpg moreover , when matisyahu was banned from rototom sunsplash , there were clear anti-semitic overtones present . 
  do you think that a reggae festival is actually right-wing ? 
  to me it seems as though you 're falling for this fallacy . 
  do you deny that the left has an anti-semitism just like the political right ? 
  do you deny that right-wingers favour interventionism much like the left does ? 
  do you deny that both the extreme right and the extreme left are autocratic and want to limit freedom of speech ? 
  you call it holland yourselves . 
  and yet , hup holland, 
  sure there were speed limits , but the roads in east germany were in such poor conditions that you could n't really drive that fast . 
  afaik , you were safe if you had a receipt to prove your stay at one of the service stations , but a lot depended the officer 's mood on that particular day . 
  stopping to take a rest was allowed , but you were not allowed to leave the transit roads . 
  when crossing the border you 'd receive some sort visa which stated the time of your passing . 
  if you took too long to leave gdr territory , you could run into trouble as the authorities suspected you had met someone on the way which was strictly prohibited . 
  while we 're at it . 
  what 's worse , pork schnitzel or veal but adding sauce ? 
  oh sure it is , but austrians adjusted the dish to the local taste . 
  then again , schnitzel is actually an italian dish and austrians do n't seem to be too concerned about adjusting that one either . 
  i prefer gulasch anyhow . 
  i 'm not a farmer , although i would n't mind being one . 
  anyway , i 'm working for a cattle breeding organization now , but it 's mostly computer work , not directly involved with farmers , although i know quite a lot of them personally . 
  there area many dairy farms in north-western germany , the average herd size is about 90 heads or so , but a few farms milk more than 1000 . 
  in eastern germany , where the soviets forcefully collectivized agriculture post ww2 , the farms are much larger . 
  although they 're privatized now , they are still much bigger than in the west , a few hundred cows on average . 
  most dairy farms produce little besides corn and grass . 
  the laws require some additional crop rotation , but usually it 's kept at the bare minimum . 
  post secondary education is the norm in germany , farmers usually start as an apprentice to the practicalities and , following that , go to school two years or so to learn the administrative tasks required . 
  taking college classes is far from uncommon too . 
  some dairy farmers have completely outsourced fieldwork , i.e. 
  they take care of their cows and nothing else with specialist companies doing the ploughing , spraying and harvesting and so on . 
  if they do n't they usually have two tractors or so with john deere and fendt being the most popular brands by far . 
  there are many farmers who are n't too well off financially and those will have old tractors sometimes , but the ones who want to continue being a farmer are quite wealthy and invest regularly in new machinery . 
   - northrhine-westphalia ( nah , fuck those river dwelling cunts ) that 's the spirit . 
  that one is actually funny . 
  on a serious note , idioms admittedly do n't work that well . 
   i 've met some german exchange students who blew me away with their skills it 's really not so difficult i think . 
  essentially , you just have to realize the differences between german and dutch follow some kind of pattern . 
  there 's very little you actually have to memorize . 
  is altgr + q more work than ae ? 
  netherlands - baruch spinoza or erasmus denmark - tycho brahe france - henri poincar\u00e9 uk - david hume sweden - gustav ii . 
  adolf austria - karl popper hungary - john von neumann italy - leonardo da vinci serbia - nikola tesla spain - rodrigo d\u00edaz de vivar protugal - prince henry the navigator poland - fryderyk franciszek chopin russia - modest mussorgsky switzerland - jakob i. bernoulli, 
  you seem to be extremely generous today . 
  may we finally have copernicus , too ? 
  many germans think he 's german because franks are a germanic people ( personally i would n't call him german though ) . 
  originally hailing from what is now northwestern germany , franks conquered both france and the netherlands , but those were not their homelands . 
  it 's a bit like bulgarians who were originally turkic people , but adopted the slavic culture of the region they conquered or the modern lombardy whose name is derived from a germanic tribe . 
  at what point exactly do invaders lose their old identity and become natives of the land they conquered ? 
   in particular , german 's flexibility to endlessly add additional clauses seems like it would be useful . 
  i do n't think german works any different from english in that regard . 
  german is flexible when it comes to word order though . 
  for instance , you can say ` der hund jagt die katze ' , ` the dog chases the cat ' . 
  if you reverse the order , i.e. 
  ` die katze jagt der hund ' , the meaning in german is still the same . 
  saying ` the cat chases the dog ' in english , however , radically changes the meaning of the sentence . 
  i switch to english layout for that particular reason . 
  ah shut up , you 're all just westdeutschland in denial . 
  you get to continue using imperial units but switch to right-hand traffic ? 
  student there ? 
  do n't be too hard on him . 
  at the very least we go this awesome tweet out of it `` my version of fish and chips combines aubergines with duck . '', 
  you 're from limburg ? 
  achterhoek 's notably different me thinks . 
  if you desperately wan to start a conversation and meet new people , it 's essential that you bring along lots of alcohol . 
  and it 'd better be weekend or people wo n't join you for a drink . 
   but gaijin just means foreigner . 
  gaikokujin , literally outside country person , just means foreigner . 
  gaijin has been shortened ( admittedly the japs love to shorten words ) and misses the country part of the original word . 
  now it 's just outside person reaming , which obviously has a slightly different connotation . 
  some ( many ? ), 
  europeans like to look down on americans , proclaiming they 're obese , unrefined brute and obsessed with guns . 
  and europeans are usually more outspoken and will call you out on whatever your president does . 
  but no , i do n't think many europeans actually hate you guys . 
  cups are also defined https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/cup_ ( unit ), 
  i like your beer best . 
  that was my own opinion . 
  i mean there 's much to criticize about america and i do n't mind at all if you do so in a reasonable way . 
  what 's bugging me is the double standards though . 
  they compare america to some ideal state and then conclude that america is evil , while happily ignoring what other countries in the world do . 
  for instance , if you want to criticize the iraq war , that 's fine with me . 
  but attributing all the casualties to the us while ignoring what saddam did before or ignoring that it 's actually muslim fundamentalist who do all the killing makes me mad . 
  and do n't get me started on the genocide in south sudan that no one complained about . 
  why do n't they care about those atrocities ? 
  for me , the answer is clear . 
  they do n't actually care about the suffering at all , it 's just a pretext to talk shit about the us . 
  there 's definitely some kind of anti-american sentiment in germany . 
  however , this is not a new phenomenon . 
  it 's just that , now that trump is elected , people can finally be more vocal about it . 
  i 'm just hypothesising of course , but i think this is due to some kind of inferiority complex . 
  maybe because germans envy america 's importance in the world or because america did n't commit horrible atrocities ? 
  anyway , germans apply double standards when it comes to america . 
  they judge your country much more harshly than any other , possibly excluding israel ( which is also ridiculous imo ) . 
  this is an older article from a german labour union , the headline reads `` the marauders are there '' , depicting americans as mosquitoes eager to suck germany dry .
