  i live well without something like patriotism or nationalism , tbh . 
  the democracy in portugal ca n't be fixed . 
  the political culture makes it impossible to do so . 
  i 'd rather have the country being run as a dependency of the european union tbh . 
  i do n't trust any portuguese party to turn things around . 
  you do know how a democracy works . 
  the people elect some parties , those parties go into power and do everything but what they promised during the election and that 's not a reason for them to step down . 
  the excessive spending was not caused by your common joe but by years of corrupt and ineffective government . 
  of course the people are revolted , they did n't vote for this . 
  the political class in portugal dug this hole . 
  if you look at the pit the last prime minister dug , jos\u00e9 s\u00f3crates , you would know where the excessive spending is . 
  1 - where are you from ? 
  2 - that was pretty ignorant . 
  can you go even further ? 
  3 - if you 're unable to get proper education in your country , you 're more than welcome to study here . 
  is meat cheaper in denmark ? 
  i have a masters but am working outside my formation area . 
  making 700 $ a month . 
  i know how frequent it is in this country , it 's shameful . 
  that 's the average income salary in portugal ?!, 
  fuck , i make 50 % less than that and hardly know anyone who makes that figure . 
  fuck the vatican city , seriously . 
  the irish and the czechs are the heaviest drinkers . 
  i choose the netherlands solely based on austin powers . 
  wow , third largest party ? 
  i had no idea . 
  is n't golden dawn the only far right movement causing some serious trouble in europe ? 
  this is getting ridiculous . 
   the european commission has just announced an agreement whereby english will be the official language of the european union the process of unification is near and there will be no referendums . 
  nope , not at all . 
  there were groups , sure , the nerds , the punks , the goths , you name it . 
  but everyone got along and there was n't much bullying . 
  we had a prom but without a king or queen . 
  there was also no cheerleading . 
  one of my teachers ( philosophy teacher if i 'm correct ) actually spent a year in a texan school in an exchange program and told us it was exactly like the movies . 
  the jocks bullied everyone around and prep girls answered the phone during classes regularly . 
  i 'm far more educated than you 'll ever be and wo n't give you the pleasure to go as low as you for an insult . 
  you know where the idiocy actually lies between us . 
  have a jolly day . 
  [ it has various surnames . 
  ] ( http://www.donosdeportugal.net/p/grande-familia.html ) it 's just like a royal family where many families married each other . 
  it 's in the video . 
  they own the parliament . 
  there 's really no place for ideologies since the political power has been manipulated in their favor in both left and right wing governments . 
  watching this almost made me throw up . 
  full of shit ? 
  i ca n't get proof of that since i do n't work at finance . 
  have you ever worked in your life ? 
  20 times is actually an understatement . 
  i do n't work at finance in my company . 
  did you ever work for a large company ? 
  not as easy as one would hope . 
  a friend of mine ( graphic designer ) had to come back after a month since her papers were not as legal as she would hope . 
  a couple of months ago my brother tried to get a visa and there was a lot of bureaucracy , not to mention a 1.500 euros and a signed working contract . 
  he was referring to portugal and i guarantee you that you ca n't get the same accommodations here for that price . 
  for 200 euros you 'll have to share it with a significant number of other people , expenses excluded . 
  mostly the uk , which is about an hour flight away . 
  i have a couple of friends working there as a nurse and a pathologist . 
  yes , portugal is exporting highly specialized working force that do n't have any place here yet our institutions are run by people with little education . 
  i 've got a others that went to brasil and angola , the language makes it easier and their economy is expanding . 
  they 're an account manager and a chef ( cook ) . 
  they are the exact thing . 
  i had a discussion with a colleague a few days ago where he praised the political success of a guy who literally did nothing with his life other than pursuing a political career . 
  at the age of 24 he was a member of a large city 's council and at 29 he was in the parliament . 
  he was neve employed nor employee at any stage of his life . 
  he 's one of the least interventive deputies in the assembly ( 3 times in 2 years ) and before the age of 30 and without any experience of any kind he was part of the governing body of the country . 
  yet , my colleague was praising how a great and successful person that guy was !, 
  the culture is all fucked up . 
  i share a shitty flat with people i 've never met before , that 's how . 
  i also have to rationalize everything i consume and am lucky to get through the month saving between 100 and 150 euros or so . 
  but by today 's standards i might even be considered lucky since i got a job . 
  i just ca n't have any hopes for the future , no house , no car , and thinking about having my own family is laughable . 
  i 'm considering going to live abroad like so many friends of mine already did or are about to . 
  i have no hope for this country to turn around . 
  thanks for the hug . 
  can you name some examples of corruption within brussels ? 
  no , you 're wrong , and you 've partially corrected yourself . 
  the constitutional court is , indeed , nominated by the parliament . 
  do you know what the role of a constitutional court is ? 
  do you know how serious it is to be nominated by the same people whose activity you 're supposed to control ? 
  the procuradoria geral da rep\u00fablica ( general attorney ) is also nominated by the political power , namely the republic 's president . 
  in a supranational europe no country would rule over others ; an european government , constituted by people of different nationalities would . 
  much like the american government where the staff 's nationalities do not matter . 
  it 'd be nice if sweden would `` infect '' european politics with a federal europe and not the other way around . 
  i 'm a fan of the way you generally treat your people . 
  yes , i 'm saying that but not being that direct . 
  no , i do n't think my country has the capacity of governing itself . 
  the political culture around here makes it impossible to do so , that 's why i 'm all for a federal europe , for the people 's sake . 
  it 's all abou controlling and investigating the source of corruption . 
  in portugal the forms of control are politically nominated that 's why there 's little to no chance of corruption ever being controlled . 
  i like to believe that a supranational control entity would do a better job investigating local governmental entities . 
  far from it , i want our bad politicians to stay as far away from politics as possible . 
  i was born in portugal and probably because of my country 's unfair society and corrupted political system i was shaped to not believe in the concept of nationalism , a concept which aims to protect a group of people ( based on the place where they were born ) from an outside `` threat '' - my threat was always on the inside so i 've always felt more protected by the outside , really . 
  i do n't know what it 's like to live in a country with a strong nationalistic feeling but i also do n't think europeans are * that * different that an european federation is not conceivable . 
  economics are at the heart of both the separatist and unification movements . 
  catalonia , for example , feels ripped off by the central spanish government - they probably do n't live as well as they expected and see themselves forced to give away wealth that could improve their lives . 
  as for the nationalist right wing parties , we all know what they want : to creep into power fear mongering the population . 
  we all know how that turned out in the past . 
  all in all , i think we 're better off united than apart . 
  it will be pretty hard to face the future without a unified european agenda , like that of the usa .
