the red region in portugal was actually known for its communist affiliation after the carnation revolution of 1974 . 
  i read somewhere that nokia invented the smartphone boat , as you put it . 
  they were just too afraid of having it canibalizing their `` regular '' phone market . 
  same as kodak did with digital cameras . 
  i only feel sorry for turkey . 
  he 's probably a great speaker but a terrible listener . 
  what brazil thing ? 
  where do you find dubbed versions of movies and tv series in portugal ? 
  the same thing goes for portugal yet apparently only 27 % of the population can do it as well . 
  yeah , wtf . 
  i 've lived here my whole life and had no idea . 
  i actually learned that the primary sector in portugal was pretty much in shambles apart from a few products ( olive oil , wine , some fruits ) . 
  wait , is that a stereotypical portuguese citizen ? 
  a turn of the century farmer wearing a black hat , sporting a mustache and holding a fishing rod ?!, 
  nice . 
   who fights a world war over ( ... ) some nice beach ? 
  i 'm sorry to drift away from the actual problem but ... what ? 
  nice beach in estonia ? 
  i imagine the water must be freezing all year long . 
  am i wrong ? 
  is that coffee liquor ? 
  does it have a bitter taste ? 
  are n't french , spanish or german mandatory in your school system ? 
  sure but are n't there more people in the uk speaking french or spanish than welsh ? 
   these are not the `` minority languages '' , but simply the `` second most spoken language '' then this map is bs . 
  i do n't know a living soul who speaks mirandese in portugal but 90 % of the people i know speak english , the majority of them fluently . 
  mirandese is n't even in the top 20 or 50 most spoken languages in portugal . 
  [ it 's literally only spoken by about 15.000 people !, 
  ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/mirandese_language ) i also seriously doubt welsh is the second most spoken language in the uk or catalan in spain . 
  nice , i did n't know top gear filmed in portugal . 
  humn , i actually like the idea , 
  i 'd love to see portugal doing better on this list but our major cities ' topography ( perhaps the whole country ) is not cycling friendly . 
  walking in porto , lisbon or coimbra is like mountaineering . 
  they have cable though . 
  it is n't ? 
  the woman was taking a child that clearly was n't hers . 
  me too . 
  my mom used to tell me to behave or the roma would come for me . 
  true story . 
  can someone explain me how chrome became so successful ? 
  is it because of android ? 
  i saw it being advertised here and there and on google itself but that does n't seem enough to make people install it . 
  sure , [ it 's been known to happen . 
  ] ( http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/worldnews/asia/kazakhstan/9221240/borat-has-given-kazakhstan-tourist-boost.html ), 
  i know but taco bell food looks morbidly delicious . 
  i believe it does . 
  i 'm pretty sure portugal could be one of europe 's richest countries if its money was used properly . 
  i remember it being extremely artificial , even next to mcdonalds . 
  we do n't have dominos in portugal but i 've always heard terrible things about it . 
  that price spike applies here for pizza hut as well . 
  you 're paying more for quasi-artificial pizza . 
  how do you integrate the roma ? 
  i know i might get attacked by american dditors but honestly that 's a nigh impossible task to accomplish . 
  taco bell . 
  scandinavian politicians running the country would be great as well . 
  i know that feeling . 
  bk and md close around 2am here =(, 
  do you guys have quick , like france ? 
  i found that odd when i lived in paris . 
  you 're not missing much . 
  their pizza is terrible . 
  you 're better off with typical italian restaurants . 
  portugal has plenty of money . 
  the country 's problem is the way that money is used . 
  you should also consider that family planning in portugal is extremely well done and that condoms , pills and the morning after pill are free . 
  it has nothing to do with religion , trust me . 
  imagine if the dutch did n't ride bikes . 
  my country 's national dish is from norway . 
  i do n't have any idea how that started . 
  [ there 's one in portugal as well . 
  i was n't insinuating that it 's `` just like 1984 '' . 
  i was just pointing to the fact that kids got their parents arrested and the other way around in the novel . 
  i do n't blame you , they are just rocky formations in the madeira archipelago , practically uninhabited . 
  from wikipedia : `` today the savage islands have a permanent team of wardens from madeira nature park ( on selvagem grande there is a permanent research station with two wardens year around , while selvagem pequena is manned usually by two wardens between may and october ) . 
  these are the only human inhabitants on the islands . '', 
  just a quick note , the last verse of the portuguese national anthem used to be `` against the brits , march !, 
  march ! '' . 
  world 's longest alliance between two countries and the damn hymn happened to be written at a time when they disagreed on one thing ( africa ) . 
   i want to become a communist just by listening to it . 
  i clicked your link and could n't stand gay people while it was being played . 
  powerful stuff , indeed . 
  it 's just like 1984 . 
  i saw them doing one of these on greece and decided to check out the portuguese thread , 
   somehow won the uefa cup once ( ? ), 
  you should have left that one out . 
  * birthplace of democracy ; * copied by the romans ; * among the first to colonize the mass of land where i was born ( portugal ) ; * homero wrote the odyssey ; * great philosophers and mathematicians ; * very beautiful villages and beaches ; * mikonos is like a super gay resort according to portuguese and british humorists ; * athens seems to be chaotic ; * i have no idea what they did between ancient greece and the twentieth century , honestly . 
  * had a dictatorship during the twentieth century ; * had a very rich hollywoodesque family called onassis ; * most of their art was stolen by the nazis during wwii ; * ironically , a nazi-like party seems to be quite popular nowadays ; * going through a tough economic crisis ; * have ridiculous laws and benefits for state employees but have been doing a cleanup ; * not the biggest fans of turkey ( and i do n't mean the bird ) ; * took from us our biggest chance of ever being the european football champions . 
  you bloody bastards . 
   written is another story funny thing is , we also use that expression , 
  how 's the norwegian one ? 
   the portuguese do n't hate brits as much as other south europeans do . 
  i had no idea south europeans hated you guys . 
  i find you very pleasant people , tbh , i 've never met a rude brit . 
  well , after the brist expelled the french , we kinda were for a while . 
   unlike several countries in europe , the portuguese have a very strong nationalistic sentiment i 'm portuguese and strongly disagree with this one . 
  i do n't know a single portuguese with a nationalistic sentiment . 
  i actually think the portuguese are among the most pan-european people i know , along with the dutch . 
   people should know that the sardines you get in portugal are quite different from the sardines you may get in say italy and even spain . 
  the more you know !, 
   language sounds like a mix of french and russian sometimes very true .
