   yes it is , each feeds on the other . 
  while local culture dictates the local government , having the local government dictated by something else means that the local culture is no longer as significant or is no longer significant at all . 
  once the country 's government is changed this will then impact the people in that country . 
  take the example of europeans who emigrated to the us in the late 19th and early 20th century . 
  their descendants still keep their ancestors culture up 'til this day ( st. patrick 's day was just a few weeks ago ) in a federal country . 
  you have several nationalities , several cultures falling under the same principles and it seems to work . 
  you do n't hear about american states failing economically the same way it happens in europe . 
  sure there are some localized cases ( like detroit ) but it 's barely the same thing that 's happening on this side of the atlantic . 
   the people in the different countries can have very different cultures , histories , priorities and ideologies . 
  it could be argued that an eu state will cause homogenisation of different countries hence the loss of identity . 
  the only homogenisation we 're looking for is laws , social rights and economic equality . 
  it 's as if local government is the one dictating local culture which is not true at all . 
  local culture will not suddenly disappear because people 's lives got better . 
  i 've always considered myself an european in the first place and then a portuguese citizen and , if anything , the current crisis only made that clearer . 
  it just proves that together we stand , divided we fall . 
  when elft alone , european countries will have no chance to stand against larger emerging markets . 
  i 'm all for a european state but i understand the confusion that may cause to some people very linked to their nations . 
  i 'm all for a federal europe . 
  i do n't trust these portuguese guys running my country , that 's for sure . 
  sagres isthe best beer in portugal but that 's not saying much . 
  beer around here are no match for what you can find in belgium , ireland or germany . 
  it 's more of a wine country . 
  that 's not too shabby . 
  yesterday i read an article on a portuguese newspaper telling armstrong 's story `` tintim por tintim '' , which roughly translates as `` ball by ball '' . 
  i do n't get it , my driving license is already like that and is a few years old . 
  about 10 years ago i bought a gameboy advance with a $ 100 note . 
  that was probably the last time i had one . 
  nope and i do n't know anyone who does . 
  probably my girlfriend 's grandparents do . 
  first time i 'm hearing about this and i live here since 85 . 
  the only separatist region in the country is the madeira islands if you can call that separatism . 
  ca n't hold this as a fact but i think a good chunk of the portuguese population ( the majority under 30 ) can easily hold a conversation with a native english speaker . 
  that list is extremely slim . 
  [ this one is more complete ] ( https://pt.wikipedia.org/wiki/lista_de_queijos#portugal ) and is still very far from the number of cheese produced here . 
  it looks like a potato with sesame seeds . 
   i do n't have any knowledge of any south italian or sardinian languages so trying to understand them is hard for me as any other romance language i do n't speak like portugues or romanian wow , i had no idea it was that devisive !, 
  are they close enough so that people fully understand each other ? 
  are the differences between them actually noticeable ? 
  that was beautiful . 
  strangely enough , i think most of what you said resembles the portuguese national character as well , although our moment of exceptionalism happened half a millenium ago . 
  i 'm currently living with an indian guy who already visited most western european countries . 
  i asked him about any perceived cultural differences between them and he told me he did n't find any , that we are pretty much the same everywhere . 
  i often think cultural differences in europe nowadays are way more romanticized than actually true . 
  nokia is one of the most amazing examples of industrial downfall . 
  it 's amazing how they went for uncontested market leaders to nothing . 
  did it impact finnish culture in any way ? 
  `` science was my favorite subject back in high school . 
  my favorite part was the old testament . '', 
  - kenneth parcell , 30 rock, 
  everywhere . 
  use google . 
  they 've been widely covered . 
  the guy was dirty enough to get arrested , fortunately . 
  i wish it was on political charges like the good folks of iceland did . 
  we had a [ prime minister ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/jos%c3%a9_s%c3%b3crates ) that compeltely ruined portugal . 
  in the year he took office , gdp was 67.4 % ; by the time he left , it had almost doubled . 
  the son of a bitch is currently arrested for several corruption charges and i hope he rots in jail for the rest of his life . 
  i sincerely hope things get better for both our countries . 
  there 's no need to be cocky about each other 's situation . 
  everyone goes through rough patches . 
  portugal lent greece a fair share of money but given its current situation , there was little we could help with . 
  perhaps in a few months we 'll be in enough shape to [ help you guys ] ( http://krugman.blogs.nytimes.com/2015/06/01/the-finnish-disease/ ) . 
  things are [ not looking pretty up north ] ( http://krugman.blogs.nytimes.com/2015/05/29/northern-discomfort/ ) . 
  average salaries are what shock me the least in what lead greece to their current situation . 
  things like 100 % raises on public salaries in the last 10 years , families having an actual bribery budget , the vacations aid and the whole swimming pools story left me speechless . 
  yes , i feel for the poor and am quite aprehensive about their and our future but they turned a blind eye to so many irresponsabilities ... 
  5 $ with fries and a drink , in lisbon , portugal . 
  did something happened to the people behind those projects once they were exposed ? 
  i could probably go all day long posting examples of misused public money in my country . 
  there 's a known blog devoted to that and some of the examples in the article pale in comparison to what goes on in portugal . 
  unlucky for you but lucky for us , that palace in seville is gorgeous !, 
  yeah , it 's cleearly his fault getting beat up . 
  he should n't have attended a football match with his family . 
  like women who wear mini skirts are asking to be raped , right ? 
  you 're an asshole . 
  a huge one . 
  i had no idea they translated it . 
  indeed , it 's a [ francesinha ] ( http://www.projectofrancesinha.com/wp-content/uploads/2013/02/raza-francesinhacortada.jpg ) , literally little frenh girl , a typical sandwich from oporto and one of my favorites . 
  it 's a bad example in a thread about nutrition , though . 
  the sandwich alone has 1.300 kcal , plus the fries and the drink , usually beer . 
  i 've never tried nandos but i hear it 's far from the way we traditionally grill chicken . 
  and grilled chicken is n't what i would call a typical portuguese dish . 
  you should try portuguese food . 
  i live in portugal , which was/is in a similar situation for probably that long but the obesity problem does n't seem to be as severe ( currently , 10 % of the population is obese , 35 % pre-obese ) . 
  that 's probably the case with every country in europe . 
  people need to control what they eat and exercise more . 
  i 've never been there but i doubt it 's that bad . 
  can someone shed a light on ireland 's obesity problem ? 
  typical spanish comment . 
  no one ever did ... until now . 
  i have the opposite opinion on british people , at least the ones who actually live here and are not simply tourists . 
  all are always quite friendly . 
  damn , how much is the price for a play or a concert in london ? 
  yeah , you guys have it really tough there !, 
  a ticket for a 2d movie in portugal is $ 5.70 ( it 's been around this price for a long time ) . 
  you did that everyday for 10 dollars ? 
  and you 're saying it 's expensive ? 
  the people never agreed to adopt the euro or to bail out some private banks , two decisions that had a long lasting impact on their lives . 
  there may be some referendums in other european countries but that wo n't happen in portugal . 
  if it 's in the best interest of the people , why not ?
