  i never noticed it until i was playing gta iv , turned on one of the russian stations and thought it was portuguese music . 
   and if you ask guys for that , they 'll surely say `` true length + 3cm '' or so . 
  [ poor irish . 
  ] ( http://www.theluxuryspot.com/wp-content/uploads/2011/04/penis_size.jpg ), 
  hungary is also europe 's porn capital and according to a famous map , hungarians have the longest penises among europeans . 
   please , do elaborate about who started the whole backstabbing . 
  now , that 's the kind of reply i wanted to attract . 
  our first king did . 
  we used to be `` spanish '' , remember ? 
   slavery is horrible but you forget it was common practice even amongst the enslaved . 
  that does n't make it an acceptable thing . 
  portugal was the first european nation to enslave africans and start something that did n't exist up 'til that point : transatlantic slave trade . 
  it became a common practice with the portuguese . 
   basically when england adopted the idea of raiding the french countryside , killing and stealing everything and burning down what was left as a long-term strategy . 
  not just france . 
  there 's a beach near where i live ( north of portugal ) called `` the english beach '' aka `` the thieves ' beach '' . 
  apparently , you guys used drop anchor there and do all kinds of despicable things to the local population on your way home . 
   hands downs the portuguese succession crisis of 1580 . 
  it was downhill ever since . 
  really ? 
  hands down ?!, 
  a molested kid who died in battle ?!, 
  fuck the slave trade and dooming the whole african continent to misery up to this day , right ? 
  that 's nothing compared to a succession crisis , i see . 
   some dark moments in portugal 's history are : the 1755 earthquake , as a serious blow to the people and the empire and removed lisbon from it 's european relevance ; how is a natural disaster something to be ashamed of ? 
  did we handle it badly like hurricane katrina ? 
   spain 's backstabbing has been a constant and is greatly imbued in popular culture . 
  we like the spanish people very much , we just do n't trust their leaders intentions . 
  i do n't think we trust ours as well ... `` de espanha , nem bons ventos nem bons casamentos '' which translates as `` from spain comes neither good winds/omens nor good unions '' that 's way beyond the point of discussion . 
  besides , do you want to know who started the whole backstabbing ? 
  to those interested , starting transglobal slave trade is hands down the most shameful moment in portugal 's history followed by the colonial war , a repercussion of the first event . 
  portugal 's glory was accomplished thanks to 4 centuries of an estimated 12 million slaves taken from africa and brought to europe and the americas . 
  this whole succession episode related by u/khthon is laughable compared to the real damage done by the slave trade carried out by my country in the past . 
  such episode resulted in 40 years of spanish rule ; the slave trade 's consequences are still visible everyday . 
  of all the examples in the world you had to choose press ? 
  seriously , press ? 
  i loved it like most kids did back then . 
  i still remember watching it every friday night and then it just stopped . 
  europe cold use these games now more than ever . 
  did n't the separatist candidate lose in the last local ( pardon me if this is not the right term ) elections ? 
  you do realize that canada is already a federal state itself , right ? 
   before you consider them as sub human waste ? 
  let 's not put words in my mouth . 
  i do not consider anyone a sub human waste . 
  their culture , on the other hand , is deplorable . 
   it then follows there are no such roma who have both no ties to this culture , and are discriminated against i 've seen some reports of roma who live successful lives outside their culture . 
  they are , however , highly discriminated by other roma people , even by their closest relatives . 
   look , you 're a racist . 
  your racism might be justified , i do n't know , but do n't dress it up as anything but . 
  look , i 'm not a racist , far from it . 
  i do n't even know if you actually understand what the word racism means , which is discrimination based on a person 's racial traits , like skin color and whatnot . 
  i embrace multiculturalism and truly enjoy experiencing other cultures . 
  i have friends and neighbors from different parts of the world , with different beliefs , languages and skin color . 
  you have no idea what racism is . 
  like someone else pointed out already , you have to experience it to know what the real problem is . 
  that bbc documentary is a good entry point but do come by to see the real thing . 
  our dear american followers should watch this so they could get a glimpse of why europeans `` seem to '' have such disdain towards gypsies instead of just throwing around words like racism and antiziganism . 
  i live in portugal but the scenario seems to be the same all over the continent . 
  gypsies around here are violent and vindicative people that insist on going against the rest of society . 
  the portuguese government actually pays them to get their kids to school ( they receive a minimum wage for each kid , if i 'm not mistaken ) despite the dropout rate among the community being astonishingly high ( they never make it past the age of 12 and the girls ' situation is even more astonishing ) . 
  education is looked down upon in their community and very , very few actually get a college degree despite that implying being an outcast to the rest of the community , including their own family and other close relatives . 
  i friend of mine used to teach english to 3rd and 4th graders and it was impossible to do so with more than a gypsy kid in the classroom . 
  they distract the other kids , interrupt the teacher and their parents just storm into the classroom to pick up their kids whenever they want . 
  it 's a nightmare . 
  in lisbon they have a long lasting feud with some african communities that result in a few murders and burned cars every year . 
  the sad thing is , and the one most americans do n't seem to get , these are not punctual cases and these do not happen only in portugal . 
  r/europe is often seen as a place of antiziganism and defenders of `` fortress europe '' which ca n't be farther from the truth . 
  people do not discriminate gypsies because of their skin tone or the way they talk ; it 's all about a culture based on thieving , murdering and , overall , chaos . 
  try to find any info you might be looking for [ here . 
  ] ( http://epp.eurostat.ec.europa.eu/statistics_explained/index.php/crime_trends_in_detail ) the uk is , by far , the most violent country in the european union and one where they may be as much dark haired as light haired people . 
  take your own conclusions . 
  [ here 's the homicide rate in the eu . 
  ] ( http://epp.eurostat.ec.europa.eu/statistics_explained/images/1/18/homicide_rate_per_100_000_population%2c_average_per_year%2c_2007-2009.png ) and no , blond people are not more violent than dar haired people . 
  there 's no connection between hair color and violence , that 's absurd . 
  i would if i could but it 's bloody expensive to travel by car . 
  this is unfortunate . 
  hopefully things will turn around and some of these villages can be converted in areas for rural tourism . 
  no correlation with hair color whatsoever . 
  it 's actually amazing how much equal these groups are . 
  someone should make a social article on this subject , i 'm not joking . 
  they look and act like the typical british hooligan and the girls are exactly like vicky pollard . 
  it 's quite strange how such subculture exists all over europe and they all look and act the same . 
  americans are usually oblivious to the european problem with gypsies . 
  i watched american gypsies on ng the other day but it does n't even come close to what 's going on here . 
  not just the dutch government , it 's the same thing in portugal . 
  gypsy families are paid per kid to send them to school . 
  nevertheless , very few gypsies finish mandatory school ( 12th grade ) and go to a university afterwards . 
  it 's actually looked down upon within their community . 
  that 's some twilight zone stuff . 
  it 's in the other chart at 19,4 % . 
  now i 'm doubting the whole thing . 
  the vast majority of those are not common at all . 
  alvarez , for example , is a spanish surname . 
  very few portuguese have that name . 
  i do n't know , there are some portuguese names that would have come before almeida , like abreu or abrunhosa . 
  weird , never would have guessed almeida was the most common surname in portugal . 
  smith ( which is ferreira around here ) is also quite common in portugal . 
  silva and costa are , by far the most common surnames in portugal and for historical reasons : those were the names given to foreigners who settled here with names too complicated to be kept . 
  they 'd be given the name costa if they decided to live by the coast ( which means costa ) and the name silva if they settled in the country ( silva means bramble , a plant often found in the country ) . 
  it 's almost impossible to find a portuguese family without any of those two names somewhere .
