  and emperor hirohito maintained his position after the war , and many former japanese soldiers went on to become businessmen . 
  and i think that you 're kind of insulting iraqis by saying that their people ca n't govern properly . 
  kurdistan is doing okay , and iraq was not meant to be a nation since the hashemites ( who currently run jordan ) are the sole owners of iraq and iraq was actually created by the british during the sykes-picot agreement . 
  in 2003 , paul bremer decided to expel every baath party member from participating in every aspect of iraqi society , which includes forbidding them from getting a job . 
  this led to many sunni joining sectarian groups like al-qaeda in iraq , and one member of aqi named abu bakr al-baghdadi went on to create isis . 
  this is what i meant . 
  if you study what really fucking happened after saddam fell it will make you really angry . 
  that decision by bremer alone ( with approval from blair , bush , cheney and rumsfeld ) has made me pissed off for 12 fucking years . 
  einsenhower and mccarthur encouraged former members of the nazi party and the japanese army to enter reconstruction programs , but to see the bush and blair administration do the opposite of that just blows my fucking mind !, 
  in a true ideal world , people like tony blair , donald rumsfeld , paul bremer and dick cheney would be in the courtrooms of the hague right now . 
  remember : these people created isis/daesh and led iraq into a a proxy for iran . 
  they used american and british taxpayer money to create sectarianism in iraq . 
  hey i saw this on cross ange once !, 
  does that mean that king felipe will banish her to a remote island and have her pilot mechas ? 
  because if portugal legalizes it , then it will lead to a domino effect where france , spain , britain and germany will decriminalize and legalize drugs like marijuana . 
  `` france 's rude reputation '' is basically `` they do n't speak english '' . 
  which is ironic since it 's the opposite for japan , where no one can speak english either . 
  [ citation needed ], 
  yes , we encourage more local european news and stories surrounding the european diaspora in general . 
   ( `` almost '' simply because she did n't have a viral glam rock cover ) since she 's italian , she might do some lad mag photoshoots or something . 
  / s but seriously , i really do hope that samantha christoforetti would lead to more opportunities for women into stem . 
  in a field full of degrasses and tysons , there needs to be more female role models for science and technology . 
  as i 've said during the hebdo aftermath , why should i apologize ? 
  why apologize for the actions of a minority when i should be condemming the socioeconomic and political fuckups of the middle east that led to the rise of islamism that led to attacks like 9/11 and charlie hebdo ? 
  the real message should be `` muslims should start learning to distance itself from saudi arabia and wahhabi/salafi ideology '' not `` muslims should apologize for [ insert terrorist attack here ] '' but again , the media is too scared to say things like that , since fox news and sky news are co-owned by saudi arabia . 
  seriously , i hope portugal moves from decriminalization to full on legalization . 
  but muh immigrants !!!!!, 
  fuck these people . 
  where are the moderate ~ ~ muslims ~ ~ fn members ? 
  why are n't they apologizing for this ????? 
   would you like to eat meat from cloned animals ? 
  yes , i would . 
  it would solve things like halal meat for one . 
   the answer is most likely to be no . 
  omg u read muh brain !, 
  nope . 
  as a malaysian who still idolizes western education models , i agree . 
  when you look at the success of asian education , my advice is to look away and continue embracing western ideals of education instead . 
  does swedish public schools offer alternative testing and grading systems like the ib program or the igcse o levels ? 
  well , sea nations used exam scores as determiners for `` success '' which is why i based it on that . 
  when i was a high school student in malaysia , i was ranked by my teachers `` most likely to drop out by year 's end '' due to my c and d scores and yet , here i am in france doing my degree , while [ one of malaysia 's top-scoring high school students ended up becoming a british prostitute ] ( http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/features/3636101/sufiah-yusof-child-genius-revealed-as-prostitute.html ) exam marks do n't mean jack shit to human capability and are basically smokescreen for shitty educational systems . 
  just let them go to the uk . 
  they want to go to the uk , then we should n't stop them . 
  let the british handle it afterwards . 
  why are we wasting taxpayer money on these guys again ? 
  yup , exactly , it 's why more and more southeast asian chinese parents are sending their kids to pricey igcse and ib schools in order to prepare for western universities and participate in the brain drain . 
  the southeast asian education systems are an education success , but a socio-economic failure . 
  it 's a typical anime trope . 
  the strongest bad guy gets defeated by the good guy and then the bad guy become the good guy 's comrade , and yet for some reason the bad guy is now weaker than the good guy . 
  germany is the nico robin of nato . 
  so basically they want to combat islamophobia by making people more islamophobic ? 
  you know it 's much better to fight racism and discrimination by creating a jobs program right ? 
  / r/syriancivilwar is [ calling bullshit on this graph ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/syriancivilwar/comments/396ke5/sources_of_isil_foreign_fighters_xpost_from/cs0s5t6 ), 
  no fucking shit, 
  and now you know why china is going all out on africa . 
  when you have millions of chinese studying french just to make a lot of money in african mining , trading , shipping and construction , you know that we have pretty much failed . 
  i have yet to see baise-moi for some reason . 
  but the problem is that it 's a shallow depiction of dystopia because it refuses to let me get invested in it . 
  i love robocop 's dystopia because it allows me to get invested in how ocp works and how the news media has become a horrible shell of itself thanks to reagan 's abolishment of the fairness doctrine . 
  but again they 're stuck . 
  they ca n't go anywhere . 
  when you look at the stagnant unemployment rate , the 10 % unemployed are basically most of the banlieues . 
  it 's been 10 % for almost a decade now , and it shows . 
  that 's why i support legalizing marijuana as a way to reduce unemployment . 
  seriously , it reduced the unemployment rate in california , colorado and washington state , and it can happen in france . 
  too bad the french political elite are too scared to support it . 
  i hate banlieue 13 because it 's basically robocop without the satire and more attention was made to the parkour than the worldbuilding . 
  i want to be invested in the worldbuilding , and the film just does want me to be invested because they want me to care about parkour , which pisses me off . 
  but it 's still the same fucking shit . 
  nothing has changed and if it does , it 's worse . 
  there 's still unemployment and there 's still crime in the banlieues . 
  the only difference is that some banlieusards are looking at religion as a way out of the banlieues and into syria , but nothing else . 
  as long as the status quo remains , nothing will ever change and more people will look into religion and drugs instead of liberte , egalite , fraternite . 
  i consider la haine to be one of the most important pieces of french culture alongside the 400 blows and le silence de la mer . 
  it 's a window to a side of france you 've never seen . 
  but it 's a tragic window , a vision of hopelessness and despair . 
  the grim , orwellian view of banlieues contrast the pretty pictures of france you 'd see in a romance film . 
  there are no cafes , boulangeries and patisseries as seen in an episode of french in action . 
  instead , it 's a grim picture of riots , police violence and drug addiction . 
  it 's a film that turned both matthieu kassovitz and vincent cassel into overnight stars . 
  it popularized french hip hop and led to tv shows and films like engrenages , wrong side of the tracks and girlhood . 
  it helped banlieues get into cannes . 
  it changed france culturally and politically . 
  it was also an inspiration for david simon , as he combined his book `` homicide '' with la haine to become what is known as `` the wire '' . 
  20 years on , nothing has changed except for the rise of salafism/islamism that has divided the banlieues within . 
  the sense of social unity between vinz and said has turned into division over religious and social ideologies . 
  20 years ago , an arab would hang out with a jew because he 's so fucking bored . 
  now , that same arab is heading off to syria to kill a jew because he 's so fucking bored . 
  and sadly , nothing will ever change as long as french society retains the status quo . 
  as long as french unemployment keeps getting higher and drugs keep being illegalized leading to more disenfranchisement and religious radicalisation , la haine will forever be relevant . 
  personally , it 's a film that moved me because i was a kid who came from a suburban neighbourhood in malaysia , loved hip hop and had a lot of social anxiety issues . 
  la haine resonated with me especially in a malaysian society that is not only divided along ethnic lines , but also social and financial lines . 
  just like france , malaysia believes in retaining the status quo , and thus comes the frustration , depression and anger that vinz , said and hubert faced everyday . 
  even a middle class or upper class person in kuala lumpur who votes for the ruling government feels like a disenfranchised banlieusard when your government believes in keeping the country in the hands of al-azhar/oxford-educated racial and religious elites . 
  and la haine resonated with me more now that i live in paris . 
  i 've seen it like 30 times now , and i 'm going to see it again this week . 
  it 's a film that touched me personally and will resonate me till i die . 
  shazam is a masterpiece here in france . 
  they 're going to remake it with tony parker as shazam and gad emaleh as the annoying little kid . 
  if that 's the case , then cancelling the world cup in qatar should be a wake up call for arab nations to reform in terms of working conditions .
