  that is the economic truth . 
  and so is austria , belgium , bulgaria , croatia , republic of cyprus , czech republic , denmark , estonia , finland , france , germany , greece , hungary , ireland , italy , latvia , lithuania , luxembourg , malta , netherlands , poland , portugal , romania , slovakia , slovenia , spain and sweden . 
  eventually these countries will want their money back . 
  no , [ you 're going to foot the bill . 
  ] ( https://www.ft.com/content/480b4ae0-aa9e-11e6-9cb3-bb8207902122 ) the eu paid for cornwall , bristol , swansea and liverpool . 
  the eu paid for much of britain 's services and infrastructure outside london . 
  and now britain 's response to that is to take the money and run ? 
  what a bunch of ungrateful fucking cunts . 
  atleast you tried . 
  duh , 27 countries want to fuck you in the butt . 
  are you seriously thinking that you can stand on your own ? 
  edit : sorry , triggered brexflakes . 
  / r/europe is not your fucking safe space . 
  it reinforces how much theresa may reminds me of jerry from rick and morty and how much the leavers remind me of the plutonians . 
  does theresa may really think that she can leverage against 27 countries altogether within a few months ? 
  he needs it after 8 years . 
  macron is a genius . 
  like trump , he is the `` disrupt '' candidate and is able to utilize the french election system and the chaos of parti socialiste to `` disrupt '' the ps/ump/fn status quo . 
  also , he uses the french left 's failure to embrace new social liberal values to attract the youth vote . 
  seriously , he is only french presidential candidate who supports legalizing marijuana , something that every liberal except the left political elite supports . 
  brexit is the greatest thing to ever happen to french language majors like myself . 
  yeah if anything europe 's muslims have to build their own identity instead of looking up to salafism or wahhabism . 
  ghettoization did not work for europe 's jews since the 15th century . 
  why should it work for muslims ? 
  the banlieue is a contradiction to france 's integration as it 's an environment that reinforced insularity rather than an integrated identity . 
  when we think of british identity , we think of british comedians shitting on the queen on bbc2 , 3 and 4 . 
  people loved that kind of britain , which existed since dad 's army and monty python . 
  brexit and the growth of british nationalism in the last 5 years is the antithesis of that british identity . 
  it 's so un-british , it feels like it was imported from the states and russia . 
  one thing to acknowledge though is that american islam has its own roots and built its own identity whereas islam in europe is basically following middle eastern culture and lacks an european islamic identity . 
  the closest there is to an european islamic identity are the tatars and balkan muslims . 
  half of america 's muslim population are rooted in african american history and culture , and the other half are mostly middle class refugees from war-torn mideast countries , which makes american islam much more `` liberal '' than in europe, 
  i think it 's the fact that they 'd rather support an honest neoliberal than a neoliberal who pretends to be `` socialist '' . 
  you made a good point . 
  that 's why fillon runs on a thatcherite platform . 
  however , the french model since the 1960s runs on the idea that france will support emerging economic sectors which it did not do today , as `` emerging economic sectors '' like robotics , online startup industries and an emerging marijuana industry are not being endorsed by the french political and economic elite . 
  yes and you know why ? 
  because he runs on the platform of an anti-austerity neoliberal with support for left wing social liberal values like marijuana reform ( not even m\u00e9lenchon supports it ) . 
  he 's the closest there is to a pro-eu populist . 
  of course she 's misguided . 
  her entire cabinet is too . 
  just look at bojo and david davis . 
  was france ever socialist ? 
  not even mitterand was an avowed socialist . 
  he was a vichy collabo until a broken heart led him to the ffi . 
  france never had a clement atlee-like socialist leader to be fair . 
  they can try . 
  they should . 
  macaron 's rise as an independent reflects on the failure of the french socialists to adhere to their own values in favour of a neoliberal status quo . 
  it 's also a reflection of the public being fatigue of old fogeys like sarkozy , juppe , fillon , hollande , royale and the le pen dynasty being in the front of french political media . 
  finally , we have a young man who 's also quite a looker running against these old fogeys like fillon and le pen . 
  if anything , i 'd prefer having the 2017 elections being a contest between emmanuel macron , najat vallaud-belkacem ( socialists ) , natalie morizet ( republicains ) and marion marechal le pen ( fn ) . 
  now that 's a sexier foursome than a dorcel/pornhub/blacked . com orgy, 
  if anything , it just proves that leavers are easily triggered and have to come up with ways to justify a nonsensical deal . 
  it 's what happened when a country loses its sense of humor and replaced it with uber american-style nationalist patriotism that uses xenophobia as scapegoats for social issues . 
  but then they will find another new scapegoat . 
  that looked like a 70s disco band reunion, 
  i seriously can not wait for zardoz to happen . 
  [ the response to that was great though ] ( https://medium.com/@adrianchm/the-boy-who-cried-white-wolf-on-polygon-s-the-witcher-3-review-f7ac8d7f0a5#.s90j8015x ) [ and the anti-gg crowd even thrashed giles ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/againstgamergate/comments/38feqr/in_response_to_lack_of_racial_diversity_in_the/cruyieq/ ), 
  apparently russia is adopting the north korean strategy of getting triggered everytime nato tries to do a joint exercise or two . 
  it 's just moments away from russia threatening to turn berlin into a [ `` sea of fire '' ] ( http://www.popularmechanics.com/military/weapons/news/a20306/north-korea-threatens-to-turn-seoul-into-a-sea-of-flames/ ) on a daily basis, 
  they should just give control of poland 's government to cdprojektred after cyberpunk 2077 is released . 
  well austria did come up with the most anti-semitic far right leader ever made so jews gon na be wary on that one . 
  hi anthony hopkins . 
  i 'm a huge fan . 
  they should really adopt '' [ macaroni rascal ] ( http://www.thegloss.com/culture/term-of-the-day-macaroni-rascal/ ) '' as his nickname and embrace the meme as it truly defines his disruptive outsider appeal, 
  funny , because that was the name of the eu in the fallout universe . 
  we need to get him in a drink-off with bob hawke . 
  the eu-australian defense agreement might just be strengthened by it !, 
  the manufacturing part will definitely be human , as the new space race will involve cyber warfare ( which is a huge concern when it comes to automation ) . 
  the rise of cyber warfare would lead to industries like military and space technology to favour manual labour instead of an automated one . 
  there 's a new space race going on , and both the government and silicon valley types would prefer hiring manual workers to prevent hacking , leaking and sabotage of production . 
  china and the us are competing for mars by 2030 and thus , the fears of hacking , leaking and sabotage via cyber warfare will lead to a demand for manual labor . 
  this will be a great time to increase esa funding and turn various factory towns across europe into manufacturing bases for the rockets in guyane . 
  if anything , automation will encourage new economic sectors that requires humans . 
  moreso , this is a great time for europe to invest heavily in the esa . 
  space exploration is pretty much the future of human involvement in manufacturing , service and exploration . 
  you 've got ta fight for the right to fight for the right to party, 
  well the russian government is known to have awful chakras, 
  so is this europe according to the fallout universe or something ? 
  i 've been to shenzen . 
  i 'm okay with any country trying to turn lagos into the next shenzhen . 
  tell that to china . 
  wait , you guys did n't think of this before ????? 
  this is exactly what the west should be doing instead of shallow aid money via overpriced concerts run by drunk irishmen . 
  europe should be doing to africa what america did to germany , japan and korea after wwii . 
  san escobar sounds like the name of a just cause 4 island . 
  `` there is no aids in ba sing se '', 
  it seriously pisses me off how the putin administration refuses to handle this situation as a serious epidemic while doubling down on orthodox church propaganda and anti-gay sentiment, 
  well , he likes to accuse people like rosie o'donnell of being fat so fair game . 
  i am literally not surprised . 
  donald trump is the greasiest looking fat fuck i 've seen . 
  the fact that he is able to dupe an entire country fascinates me . 
  i can definitely see him as the kind of guy who is into sick shit . 
  anything to trigger england is fine by me . 
  in fact , iceland is known for top tier trolling . 
  `` considers '' wait , this in put under consideration ? 
  should n't the working and living rights of eu citizens be a priority ? 
  half of the uk 's economy rely on skilled migration . 
  it would be pretty funny if they voted yes just to troll england even more after last year,
