  private companies like reddit banning / r/niggers or / r/altright does not equal to a free speech violation . 
  [ the recommended channels is some funny shit ] ( http://www.clipular.com/c/6026534832046080.png?k=8nfagmrebm1dvjzw4lad_zvyuno ) sargon of akkad , stefan molyneux and steve crowder ? 
  i looked at this guy 's channel [ and look at all that interesting content ] ( http://www.clipular.com/c/4549395791216640.png?k=itpo6hqve4za1ohuwciri1wof0k ) defending that scientologist attention-whore joy villa ? 
  seriously bro ? 
  do n't worry , it 's just one of those regular [ sjws are teh evulz and trump can do no wrong channels ] ( http://www.clipular.com/c/4549395791216640.png?k=itpo6hqve4za1ohuwciri1wof0k ), 
  does he have a damaged tattoo on his forehead ? 
  seriously , how can anyone say that brexit negotiations will take less than 4 years is beyond me . 
  the negotiations will basically unravel the unexplored complexities that will bring both sides to a halt . 
  i 'm rick james bitch, 
  [ geert is a mess ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=abfldg_7hjo ), 
  i did . 
  the quran literally copypasted the bible , or at least had their own interpretations of the bible . 
  in fact , the 25 prophets of islam are all biblical and torah figures . 
  the only story that differs from the bible is islam 's interpretation of jesus ' `` crucifixion '', 
  i 'm pretty sure that 90 % the quran is basically copy pasted from the old testament, 
  so what is with british people denying reality and the consequences of their actions ? 
  actually , duterte is pretty silent this year . 
  there 's not much news of him now that he 's asean president . 
   the uk government should have thought of dude , the entire shite was never thought out well . 
  david cameron implemented the referendum within 6 months in the early of summer thinking that no one will vote to leave . 
  the referendum was fucking stupid . 
  david cameron and the british government lied to the people of scotland . 
  all i can say is this : wow , david cameron is a fucking moron . 
  in my experience , this is more common in japan where japanese refusal to accept zainichi koreans into mainstream society led to many koreans being closer to either north korea ( chongryon ) or south korea ( mindan ) . 
  is 2017 the year of narcissistic despots throwing temper tantrums at everyone ? 
  trump at american judiciary , kacynzki at tusk , kim jong-un at malaysia , ergodan at netherlands . 
  if anything , countries like netherlands and malaysia just hate the idea of their countries being used to enact domestic policies of other countries . 
   best speech ever yeah ... . 
  that 's like leaving an airbnb after a month 's sublet stay and then demanding to the owner that you should get half of all future airbnb rent profits . 
  season 3 of rick and morty is looking to be amazing . 
  so will there be checkpoints to determine your sexuality ? 
  do they check your ass if a dick ever inside it ? 
  does that mean that a majority of russian soldiers are barred from the town ? 
  i think his ww2 view was fucking insulting . 
  yeah , i 'm pretty sure manouchian , tito and rol-tanguy fought to preserve `` the judeo-christian west '' / s fuck him . 
  people who refuse to educate themselves and hold on to pre-conceived notions of what they think and believe in are more damaging to the european project . 
  an american-style conspiracy theory culture are not what europe needs . 
   as a flat earther , it 's obvious to me that this is all a conspiracy , and that google would obviously show a flat globe , since they are in on it . 
  see , this is the problem . 
  what is the conspiracy ? 
  why does the us government/nasa/un / nazis want to force people to believe in a round earth ? 
  the problem with a flat earth as a conspiracy theory is that it does n't have the backing of reality . 
  9/11 truth came out of the theory that it was used to justify the iraq war , sandy hook truth came out of the paranoia of the second amendment , and pizzagate took advantage of people 's distrust towards hillary clinton and got popular from it . 
  but flat earth ? 
  i ca n't see any basis of it as a conspiracy theory . 
  it 's a theory , but where 's the conspiracy ? 
  why does the government want to silence the `` truth '' about the shape of the earth ? 
  planes use gps to navigate during a flight . 
  what else do you think they use ? 
  also , have you ever used gps tools like google earth ? 
  they all show a round earth , and this all used satellites up the sky which all show a round earth . 
  because planes fly the globe and use a global positioning satellite ? 
  even if it 's true and that we should listen to `` the people '' , would it still matter if they refused to listen to us back ? 
  i can definitely tell you that these `` people '' will still vote leave even if we treated them nice . 
  i met a flat earther who still believed in a flat earther even after embarking on a 15 hour flight . 
  it 'd take a fucking trip to the iss to convince him that the earth is round . 
  the same with brexit . 
  to convince a leaver you 'd need to have him exposed to things like the european parliament , the various eu contributions to britain and british students and expats living in mainland europe , and no one has the money for that . 
  i think the most worrying thing about bannon is [ his belief in an american-centric saeculum theory ] ( http://www.businessinsider.my/book-steve-bannon-is-obsessed-with-the-fourth-turning-2017-2/?r=us&amp;ir=t#gop8wp7zilcd90ti.97 ) . 
  like , his idea that world history changes during a turning point in america every 80 years is just ... 
  he is doing everything just to make america fulfil that 80 year cycle in 2020 , and that 's terrifying . 
  he fears that something is going to happen in 2020 once america passed the 80 year threshold , and yet he 's trying to reinforce it even further . 
  i mean , come on . 
  honestly , after witnessing the purge of kim jong-un 's family members near my backyard ( i live in malaysia ) , i 'm not surprise that purges can happen anywhere , really . 
  the theories of government purges is no surprise for any post-communist country like russia or north korea . 
  brexit is the greatest rick and morty episode ever made . 
  justin roiland is a fucking excellent foreign policy advisor . 
  better late than never i guess . 
  considering the 5:4 aspect ratio i hope donald tusk implements a 1080p minimum standard for all polish youtube videos and make pis pay for it . 
  i knew people who came out gay while married to a woman but never got into a extramarital gay affair . 
  and besides , everyone just said `` bah '' when hollande cheated on valerie with julie gayet , this will be no different even if he left a woman for a man . 
  yeah , if macron came out as gay he 'd proclaim it in his speech and people will vote for him in droves because of his bravery and honesty . 
  so far , he took his past as a banker and a minister with him during his campaign . 
  a gay rumor would n't even bother him one bit . 
  for me i am watching closely on emmanuel macron 's rise . 
  he is a fascinating figure and his speeches alongside his polling figures are interesting to look at . 
  his remarks on colonialism is a refreshing take in comparison to other politicians and previous presidents . 
  when i play videogames , i 'd stop and read any news about macron once i get a google alert . 
  there is something interesting about him , and i consider myself a supporter . 
  that 's actually how ruling right wing parties hang to power . 
  look at gerrymandering in the usa , or how netanyahu approved so many israeli settlements in exchange for votes . 
  why ca n't people accept that some people prefer stability over uncertainty ? 
  yanis opposes brexit because of its uncertainty , and yet people get offended by that . 
  why ? 
  looks like they 've hired the suicide squad makeup team for the dikkenek sequel . 
  it was about states rights ... . to own slaves . 
  read the confederate constitution . 
  it basically proved that the civil war was about slavery . 
  god fucking damnit everytime i hear about poaching it makes me so fucking angry . 
  but france , of all places ? 
  seriously ? 
  this . 
  if we try and sympathize and/or empathize with them , they will still vote leave . 
  if we go and antagonize and make fun of them , they will still vote leave . 
  and that 's the problem . 
  they do not want to change their opinions . 
  it 's no different than a flat earther i 've met at an airport who still believed in the flat earth theory even after embarking on a 13 hour flight from hong kong to paris . 
  those 13 hours in that plane is proof that the earth is round , and ye he still believed in a flat earth . 
  yup . 
  when the aliens arrive and invaded britain , they 'll somehow blame the eu for `` allowing '' the aliens to arrive even after britain left the eu .
