  it 's not really that hard to figure out . 
  apparently thierry paulin and claude lastennet are `` foreigners '' and that we french can do no wrong . 
  france had serial killers since its inception and yet we are currently still with a low crime compared to the united states . 
  and for every issei sagawa we have like 5 tony parkers . 
  this anti-immigration argument is a fucking joke . 
  meh , they 'll just call adam savage a `` a neo-nazi eu gay jew muslim svoboda supporter from the cia '', 
  fuck that . 
  [ je propose la candidature de lil b pour l'ambasadeur ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7zja6fb5crk ), 
  http://www.axl.cefan.ulaval.ca/afrique/algerie-accords_d'evian.htm algeria owned majority of oil fields from france , equivalent to payments from the republic . 
  just recognize that it was a genocide and pay the money to armenia already . 
  i consider turkey 's denialism of armenian genocide as childish and insulting as it could lead a conflict between nato and russia . 
  instead , we should be banning american neoconservative websites like aei , daily caller , breitbart , clarion project and the blaze . 
  american right-wing sites are frequently posted here , and the users who post these sites are pretty much promoting `` eurabia '' spam here in / r/europe . 
  yeah and i know white people who rob , steal and murder people too you know . 
  no fucking difference , asshole . 
  well and besides it was also the same time the public opinion turned against the war on iraq since many americans started realizing that the iraq war has done more to spread terrorism worldwide than preventing it . 
  chirac was right that a war on iraq would allow al-qaeda to recruit iraqi sunnis and turn iraqi shias into proxies for iran . 
  and look what happened . 
  no shit . 
  when you know muslims who operates your daily grocery store and restaurants , then of course you have a more positive view of them . 
  parisians are friendlier or positively indifferent towards muslims because muslims own stores and restaurants that contributes a lot to the city 's culture and economy . 
  that does look fucking delicious though . 
  i know . 
  the show `` rectify '' portrayed it perfectly . 
  as someone who has studied the us drug war , it is pretty much known that prison in america is basically to profit from the war on drugs . 
  also , unlike in europe the police in america is heavily militarized . 
  as seen in ferguson , the police looked like they are going to raid a terrorist camp in fallujah . 
  it correlates well with the conditions of prisons in america . 
  and like prisons , it 's a direct result of the war on drugs . 
  well then stop trying to be america 's fuccboi then . 
  [ chaika on the front page ] ( http://img4.wikia.nocookie.net/__cb20140719111322/s4s/images/3/37/chaika_on_the_front_page!.jpg ), 
  ilves confirmed for smash . 
   not rei kek even ritsuko is better than asuka . 
  so this is basically the french vince mcmahon vs. shane mcmahon situation ? 
  will hollande be the triple h of this problem ? 
  is sarkozy the heartbreak kid in all of this ? 
  this means only one thing : [ party like its 1982 !, 
  ] ( https://youtu.be/33w3kms2vp0 ), 
  the thing though is that the repeal of the pacifist constitution is heavily supported by the yakuza , becaude they really want to get into the global arms trade . 
  the main villain of gundam is charles aznavour . 
  the best girl in infinite stratos is french . 
  your move , estonia . 
  yeah , i 'm pretty sure the people responsible for 95 % of violence in marseille live honest and good lives . 
  pretty much any successful person from the ghetto will say exactly what you 've said . 
  kendrick lamar said the exact same thing you said months ago during the ferguson protests . 
  however , i think the biggest problem with the banlieues is that it all comes down to a policing system that comes from a global drug war that allows our police to spend millions of dollars to profile and find reasons to arrest minorities . 
  95 % of all crime in marseille comes from drug violence from corsican gangs , and that allows for police nationwide to treat banlieuesards like shit . 
  no fucking shit . 
  majority of them were formerly banlieusards . 
  in the banlieues you have three choices : a ) deal drugs b ) join daesh c ) die guess which choice banlieusards who live outside the drug business would usually make . 
  of course they 'll choose b. 
  they can leave their oppressed european surrounding for a life free of consequences , where they can play up their deluded fantasy of a radical life . 
  they see daesh as their way out , and that 's the sad fucking truth . 
  la haine predicted this shit , and after 2 decades nothing is being learnt . 
  i 'll never support russia 's legitimacy over crimea until they stop the oppression against the tatars . 
  yes he 's got a point but the problem is that there 's too many wahhabi/salafist mosques , which is the actual problem . 
  and at the same time , many recent european mosques lacked the aesthetics to represent europe itself . 
  most recent mosques were looked like they were designed to look like cheap replica of saudi mosques made up by a hack designer architect , which plays a role on the influence of saudi wahhabists and salafists in european islamic society . 
  if i give marine le pen all my money will she appear at my local mosque ? 
  if vince mcmahon gave marine le pen loads of money will she appear in monday night raw ? 
  good . 
  [ this pleases jeff the diseased lung with a cowboy hat ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ushhoch4q8 ), 
  but then you have to ask the voters : `` is it really worth it just for immigration ? '', 
  i have yet to receive a single answer for that question , and it 's not even yet 2017 . 
  this is big news . 
  in fact , this will definitely impact the fn 's growing popularity one way or another . 
  she will definitely lose a number of supporters which will tank a small yet significant number in ratings between now and 2017 . 
  there have been many reports about the fn 's funding from the kremlin , but this is major evidence . 
  [ reminds me of this sketch ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ndjz5qhizsc ), 
  i think religions will evolve . 
  we will have our own european versions of islam , buddhism and hinduism just like how we had our own versions of christianity and judaism . 
  yo people say that their country should close their borders from illegal immigrants , i say we should close borders from unvaccinated children of 1st world countries . 
  i 'm more scared of 1st world kids with high risks of measles and polio than i am of healthy migrants from africa . 
  yeah ? 
  well , no . 
  the flemish are acting like petulant children in this case . 
  yeah , but when i am called a `` sjw '' for not agreeing with gamergate , then the term is already fucking pointless . 
  all you had to do is follow the damn train , cj, 
  people call anyone with a heart and soul `` a sjw '' these days . 
  if you give a sandwich to a homeless man , you 're a sjw . 
  respect women ? 
  sjw . 
  does not want minorities killed in death camps ? 
  sjw . 
  the term `` sjw '' is meaningless thanks to reddit , tumblr and 4chan . 
  edit : lol downvotes . 
  the problem though is that the concept of `` british values '' is vague as fuck . 
  and it 's difficult to uphold any values when you have libel laws that allows corporations to sue people against freedom of speech and the ability to jail someone for a tweet . 
  and britain did a lot of historical mistakes like deposing mossadegh and betraying the arabs with the sykes-picot agreement , something that can make `` values '' seem hypocritical . 
  edit : wow , i 'm getting downvoted for pointing out british history ? 
  what the fuck is happening with this sub ? 
  til i 'm a sjw for having empathy . 
  and yet the american press takes him fucking seriously for some fucking reason . 
  cnn international gave live coverage to his presidential run announcement . 
  it fucking blew my mind . 
  well , it 's better to vote for a frenchman who loves saudi money ( sarkozy ) than a frenchman who loves both saudi and iranian money ( hollande ) and a frenchwoman who loves iranian money ( le pen ), 
  i 'm sick of the press saying that the fn has any chance of winning majorities in elections . 
  [ marine le pen wo n't take over france . 
  clear and simple . 
  ] ( http://www.oddschecker.com/politics/european-politics/french-election/next-president ) [ it did n't happen in 2002 , so why should it happen in 2017 ?
