  seriously , these are like the muslim versions of david riehm and dilan cossey . 
  this is what france is about , baby !, 
  and so is macron, 
  it does look like a final fantasy setting . 
  no , i was comparing my cat to comet ping pong . 
  dear britain , you ca n't just take the money and run . 
  this is not mighty number nine . 
  so can anyone tell me why this party got elected over the other pan-european parties despite the polish being quite pro-eu ? 
  you think that 's bad ? 
  shit like [ golden sands croissant ] ( http://muntalksfood.blogspot.my/2016/03/golden-sand-croissant.html ) is a fucking war crime . 
  eh , they will just blame the west anyway . 
  the thing though is that there is no 2nd round voting in the us and the uk ( they should though ) . 
  possible first round victory , yes . 
  second round , no . 
  it 'll be a repeat of 2015 again . 
  i ca n't believe that you actually wrote that with a straight face . 
  no person will ever see a cat and think that it 's an obstruction to democracy . 
  they 're cats . 
  so will we play the skopje pachinko machine sometimes in the near future ? 
  and so is bill cosby and dan `` put her in the van '' schneider . 
  so if my cat gets mentioned in a clinton email , therefore my cat literally the devil according to russia and wikileaks ? 
  now that chelsea manning 's gon na be released , i 'm still waiting for assange to surrender himself . 
  any day now ... . . 
  he is the smartest motherfucker in europe right now . 
  he went in , saw the chaos and then left and tell people that he can fix it . 
  he is the closest there is to a pro-eu populist and i hope that macron and schulz will create a domino effect of pan-european populism and global liberal democracy . 
  if the american democrats wants to revitalize and defeat trump in 2018 and 2020 , they should look to macron . 
  he is what a strong left-wing politician should look like . 
  so why did you say `` leave the single market '' then , dumbass ? 
  there 's a great book called `` king leopold 's ghosts '' ( aka les fantomes du roi leopold ) that examines the brutal history of the congo free state and why the congo region of africa still remains the most troubled today . 
  many people do n't know that britain 's best food is curry . 
  also , do n't get shocked by the long lines at the louvre . 
  and if you think that `` french people are rude '' , please go outside paris . 
  there 's more to france than just paris . 
  and is even stronger on reddit . 
  hell , it was perfectly executed in the us elections . 
   hillary : trump wants to grab women by the pussy  trump : but what about emails , huh ? 
  i like tom hollander . 
  he 's a good actor, 
  why not let europe build a bridge and make britain pay for it ? 
  yeah , theresa may 's cabinet is even more thatcherite and neo-liberal than most eu governments . 
  one thing good though is that this is a failed lone-wolf attempt instead of a successful one . 
  failed lone wolf and terrorist attempts are a good way to study prevention of future terrorist attacks . 
  as this kid is captured , we need to ask him `` comment , pourquoi , quand , ou et qui '', 
  his japanese is really good . 
  yeah , france certainly needs a president who misuses state funds . 
  pretty much , it 's embarrassing how labour could n't find a charismatic and competent opposition leader . 
  hell , tim farron and nicola sturgeon had more balls than corbyn and i want tim farron to succeed in 2019 . 
  under may and corbyn 's incompetence , britain has become a one-party state , a safe space for a delusional idea about `` nationalism and sovereignty '' . 
   then it could take 2 years before the uk officially leaves . 
  which means that the opposition parties will need to step up their campaigning for the election starting right now , especially with britain also planning to leave the echr . 
  you mean it 's bad taking examples from a country known for privacy law and free college ? 
  british labour - useless in government , even worse in opposition . 
  considering that now the snooper 's charter can be enacted without interruption from european law and that may can now privatize even more government services , then i wish the country the best . 
  if they want to get fucked , then it 's their choice . 
  [ marine le pen is one of god 's colours ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9r8pdkc3hmi ), 
  [ well , the russian media seems to love him ] ( http://imgur.com/a/13qwp ), 
  he lived the dream of every horny teenager . 
  gilf, 
  well , i do n't know if russia wants to play game in the french elections considering how all four major presidential candidates are pro-russia one way or another . 
  [ it 's the same title used in / r/france ] ( http://i.imgur.com/vz0gymb.png ) i just copied it from there . 
  the verge called him `` alt-right '' on the title and i just post that title word for word . 
  of course i did . 
  but bannon also has the same apocalyptic views of the caesar 's legion for sure . 
  okay . 
  [ motherfucker 's pretty alrt-right ] ( http://time.com/4654434/alexandre-bissonnette-quebec-mosque-shooting-donald-trump-marie-le-pen/ ), 
  this act is an act of terrorism from a sicko who wanted to ignite some form of race war . 
  this man ( who i will not name ) is no different from the charleston shooter . 
  they 're both surrounded by alt-right echo chambers that influenced their beliefs that led to this horrific event . 
  he should stay in prison and locked into oblivion , eventually being forgotten forever . 
  honestly this is the solution and that i applaud morocco and tunisia for trying to create a solution to a problem that permeates european muslim societies . 
  like i 've said , build an european muslim identity , not an identity based of gulf arab societies and norms . 
  seriously , stephen bannon and trump together is like an alliance between mr.house and the caesar 's legion in fallout new vegas . 
  it 's fucking terrifying . 
  brexit is the zack snyder of politics . 
  when you 're proven wrong , do n't try and double down . 
  zack snyder did that by doubling down superman 's emo shit in batman vs. superman , and that was a fucking disaster . 
   trump is more of a caligula than a nero though . 
  so can we see executions via farming trucks all across the us then ? 
  look , just get bob hawke in a drink off with juncker . 
  that will ensure automatic entry into the eu, 
  [ here 's a great writeup ] ( https://www.quora.com/why-does-new-caledonia-want-independence/answer/john-r-yamamoto-wilson?srid=lmbm ) it could go either way . 
  the pro-indepence parties won big in the 2014 elections but with smaller margin . 
  however , newer settlers from mainland france , europe , australia and new zealand with dual-citizenship/pr status might provide advantage for the anti-independence side and they also believe that there should be more integration with mainland france . 
  seriously , new caledonia ( alongside tahiti ) should be an overseas region instead of overseas departments . 
  making it an official overseas region would make it an official border between the european union and australia and placing the eu 's borders towards the pacific , which is interesting and exciting . 
  however , this will be seen in 2018 once new caledonia decides whether to remain french or adopt independence . 
  global warming is also science , something that prince charles has knowledge of ever since in cambridge . 
  extra : [ steve harvey announcing the winner ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=smyttu4av4w ), 
  i 'm pretty sure fdesouche hates her for not being white enough . 
  france just ca n't stop winning !, 
  france will have so much winning that / r/europe may get bored with the winning , and the users will ask `` france , please stop winning '' and it 'll say `` non !, 
  this is literally political correctness gone mad . 
  apparently speaking ecotruths would trigger trump and hurt his feelings and that prince charles should not violate trump 's safe space . 
  that 's the most evil-looking oval office image ever . 
  it looks like trump is preparing to pass a mutant registration act in an x-men movie . 
  `` courage must know fear and make fear its own !, 
  fear upsets breathing !, 
  conquer fear and your breath will never fail you !, 
  hamon breathing comes from courage !,
