  is has millions of social media networks , produces quality hollywood-like videos and run amazing social network campaigns better than saatchi & satchi and unilever would . 
  the best response to this propaganda war is through a much more subtle yet abstract response . 
  i believe in `` cordobanizing '' islam in europe , by renovating mosques into european design , vetting imams and ulamas and also creating madrassas and islamic education institutions with a worldview that fits european society . 
  by making islam in europe into something completely different from wahhabi and salafi perceptions , it will create a stronger european identity within muslims and turn wahhabi narratives into an apathetic one . 
  the cia is currently funding hip-hop groups and nasheed groups in the muslim world for the past 5 years now . 
  they 're trying to emulate the success they had with abstract art funding during the cold war with hip-hop and nasheed instead . 
  europe should participate into this idea of `` cordobanization '' that the cia is implementing , and that 's how i see it . 
  i mean , mtv , atari , the beatles , french new wave , mcdonalds , abstract expressionism , sesame street , pepsi and kraftwerk helped the west win the cold war . 
  culture is a bigger weapon than the nuclear bomb , and i do n't see how anyone would ignore culture as a tool to fight islamic radicalism . 
  nope . 
  coming from malaysia , koreans build churches like every 5 minutes without any opposition from the islamic authorities . 
  although this is meant to appease companies like samsung . 
  kawaii, 
  culture and science are what brought the west to victory in the cold war . 
  considering the current political environment , not giving a full funding to science and culture will be a huge mistake . 
  we ca n't beat putin without sending a man to mars and we definitely ca n't beat is/daesh if death grips has yet to announce a release date for jenny death . 
  i 'm part of the malaysian brain drain , and i truly believe your sentiment . 
  sadly , [ the same growing secular turks are also the ones that are participating in the brain drain ] ( http://www.al-monitor.com/pulse/politics/2014/11/turkey-secular-immigration-exodus.html ), 
  long live the european union !, 
  i bet the ~ ~ jews ~ ~ west did this, 
  masters of godwin 's law everybody !, 
   this is even more cheesy than regular porn . 
  that 's the reason, 
  tonnes of sexy swimsuits revealing tits and ass . 
  nope , just very cock tease and tonnes of fanservice, 
  thank god they ca n't use `` cuco '' in a very mainstream way because it 's a pretty lame original version of `` cuck '' . 
  like , the origin of calling people `` a cuck '' came from one of the lamest french words ever . 
  it just shows how both cuckolding and using it as an insult is pretty lame . 
  technically , this is holocaust denialism . 
  you 're denying france 's role in the holocaust . 
  that 's basically denying that the holocaust happened in the eyes of the french . 
  abolishing a major step in treating gays as human beings is always the first step to more anti-lgbt legislation . 
  look at trump 's withdrawal of transgender protections in public schools . 
  it 's the same reason why women oppose anti-abortion amendments . 
  does n't she want to also abolish same sex marriage ? 
  they see themselves as part of a caliphate that will exclude shias , sufis and ahmadis . 
  hardly a `` global muslim community '' to be honest . 
  uzbekistan is a former soviet republic , not a `` violent tribal society '', 
  this is a big problem with online echo chambers tbh . 
  i remember omar mateen , alexandre bissonette , rizwan farook , ali sonboly and dylann roof were deep into online sites and forums promoting radically dangerous ideas . 
  and it 's good that the suspect is finally detained . 
  i hope they gain some good information from him . 
  hell , it 's fucking easier to get them in france these days . 
  you just need 2 to 3 degrees of connection to get a dealer . 
  of course , the fn seems to be the type who looks at police militarization at the us and then said `` let 's emulate that ! '', 
  considering how daesh are now attacking the airbase thanks to the damage caused by the strikes , i do n't think that continuous open attacks are a good idea as it 's an invitation for jihadists to exploit the attacks . 
  this attack could 've been done by having sofs raid the base and then sabotage planes and chemical shells . 
  the sas and navy seals have done this before so i do n't see why the us has to go all out on this . 
  [ this is mine ] ( http://www.clipular.com/c/6485618671747072.png?k=jjnq3ws8pyhilejxx-tsucgh5hc ), 
  i do n't know if this is a french revolution reference or a [ death grips reference ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=orlbo9wkz2e ), 
  how long until `` bankers '' and `` jews '' ? 
  dude , the entire thing was fucking make believe . 
  somehow , people were sold by `` taking back control '' and `` 350 million to the nhs '' . 
  which is n't even true since britain is paying alimony, 
  t411 might have em . 
  they 'll blame the west for this . 
  funny , because gibraltar is britain 's equivalent of `` my wife 's son '', 
  the ypg denounces these actions . 
  it goes against their democratic confederalist experiment . 
  like i 've said : ypg = / = kurds . 
  there are even kurdish islamist groups who attacked the ypg-run sheikh maqsoud district in aleppo, 
  this looks really good , on par with the expanse . 
  but yeah recently french tv has been improving in quality since les revenants and un village francaise . 
  in fact i wish for an american distributor like netflix to pick up un village francaise as a competitor to the godawful downton abbey, 
  well , the thing though is that the most effective fighting force in syria right now are the kurdish ypg who are basically feminist believers in murray bookchin 's ideology of `` democratic confederalism '' . 
  the ideology is being tested in autonomous rojava , and that 's why the ypg set up the syrian democratic forces to help arab fighters kick out daesh from raqqa and continue the democratic confederalist experiment in rojava . 
  the problem though is that the syrians who are outside rojava ( and thus outside the purview of ypg and sdf rule ) are very conservative . 
  there are turkish kurds who voted for erdogan due to religious reasons . 
  it really bothers me when both sides of the political divide called the ypg and sdf as `` syrian kurdish allies '' instead of a much more accurate term like `` kurdish feminist fighters '' but then again the latter term would trigger the anti-sjw crowd running the trump cabinet i guess . 
  the fact that this got so little discussion while that `` thread '' got to the top is fucking disgusting . 
  so much for european support of kurdish people . 
  when i compared modern russia to the handmaid 's tale , it was supposed to be a fucking joke , not emulating it . 
  when erdogan sends his people , he 's not sending his best . 
  bruh , he 's going full stillson at this point . 
  erdogan is trying to out-trump trump . 
  i hope the us takes out some of their nukes from turkey before erdogan used it on amsterdam or brussels . 
  this man is a bigger internal threat to nato than trump . 
  not really , but russia blew its chance to be better . 
  that 's a theme within the handmaid 's tale too . 
  speaking of which , i 've just fiinished the handmaid 's tale ( la servante \u00e9carlate ) and the backstory surrounding the founding of gilead is eerily similar to modern russia . 
  a secular country that is growing more religious by the day while using societal problems like hiv and low birth rates as tools to promote religious dogma instead of curbing these problems . 
  at the same time , minorities like crimean tatars are getting arrested while the lgbt community are getting silenced and attacked by the government and citizens for `` gender treason '' , and there 's a growing anti-abortion movement promoted heavily by the government and religious officials . 
  russia is surging closer to gilead everyday , and i 'm pretty sure that the next revolution will be spearheaded by the orthodox church and not the communists or the nostalgic bolsheviks just like how gilead started . 
  not the invoice !!!, 
  [ but do they have 47 hollywood hills in their hollywood hills account ? 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0giwtg8v-ko ), 
  yeah , if only he had a platform to actually promote the eu and its benefits ... 
  yes , people wanted a referendum , but it should 've been a well-planned referendum , taking months to years to plan . 
  if brexit was a well thought out referendum , shit like `` 350 million to the nhs '' would 've not happened . 
  both sides of the campaign were lying and misinforming voters and the reason was because the entire referendum was a fucking , ill-thought mess . 
  hell , the government did n't have a plan once people voted leave , and that could 've been avoided by you know , planning out a proper referendum . 
  alex salmond took 5 years to plann the 2014 referendum , and it was n't a huge fucking mess unlike brexit . 
  not really . 
  the scottish referendum was held just after summer , when everyone 's back to productivity , and many elections are held before and after summer . 
  i do n't know , if i were to prepare for religious festivities and summer holidays , the last thing i 'd ever do is to determine a country 's foreign and economic policies . 
  no , you were n't . 
  if you do want a referendum , you could have prepared it within 5 years like the scottish referendum . 
  the whole brexit referendum took 6 months and was held in one of the worst months to hold a referendum . 
  late june ? 
  seriously ?
