well , time to quit . 
  hollande succeeds in foreign policy , but fails hard in everything else . 
  he would make a better foreign or defense minister though . 
  i 'm not really supporting them at all . 
  hell , i 'm not even that leftist . 
  but let 's just say that hollande pulls that shit . 
  i 'd really would love to see the reaction and butthurt . 
  for me , i just fucking love seeing political theatre . 
  also , the bookies and stuff . 
  like , i wan na see how the odds goes in favour too . 
  the thing though is that both are more charismatic than hollande . 
  and ps wont even need any effort to pull the racist card . 
  exactly . 
  he 's got nothing to lose . 
  however , what i 'd love to see him do is to endorse either najat vallaud belkacem or fleur pellerin for candidate of president . 
  if he has big-ass balls and does that as an advantage against le pen and sarkozy , then they should start selling red wine-flavoured popcorn . 
  that 's very classy of him . 
  you wo n't see any american politician admitting that they will quit if they failed their first term . 
  the south of france will rise again !, 
  the battle of tours was about states rights !, 
  as of currently , the bookies are predicting a ump victory with fn in the second round : http://www.oddschecker.com/politics/european-politics/french-election/winning-party however , while bookies are precdicting a sarkozy win , they are doubtful about marine le pen as the next president of france : http://www.oddschecker.com/politics/european-politics/french-election/next-president as they say , the bookies are never wrong . 
  [ yeah !, 
  so he likes his sex illegal and underground . 
  well , the monarchy did lose . 
  my picks : - charles degaulle ( finishing move : maquis slam ) - fleur pellerin ( finishing move : kimchi slap ) - jean reno ( finishing move : the professional ) - vincent cassell ( finishing move : heavy beatdown ) - napoleon bonaparte ( finishing move : troupe marche ) dlc extra characters : zinedine zidane , jamel debbouze , josephine baker, 
  japan has a sizable number of iranians , nigerians and indians especially in tokyo . 
  i think france is a bit more gastronomical than italy . 
  i mean , the streets of paris would riot if they closed down the sushi joints , or limit the requirements for wine cellars per home . 
  a few months ago :  who says the fn is far-right ? 
  kek . 
  one thing good about this is that the mi5 and mi6 should use these defecting jihadists as advantages ( if they are able to catch them before daesh does ) . 
  we can learn a lot of info about daesh and their activities through these guys . 
  horseshoe theory in action . 
  it 's like how magneto jumped back and forth between being a villain and joining the x-men . 
   christian broadcasting network into the trash it goes . 
  yeah , turkey sure love having the heads of women , shi'ites , kurds , yazidis and children hanging on the poles and wires between the borders of daesh and turkey . 
  sounds like your average redditor . 
  [ it has begun ] ( https://soundcloud.com/majorleaguewobs/illuminati-theme-trap-remix ), 
  it 's funny how america and britain sees manga and anime as gross while [ france ] ( http://www.animenewsnetwork.com/news/2004-02-04/manga-mania-in-france ) and [ finland ] ( http://www.animenewsnetwork.com/interest/2012-02-22/finnish-embassy-celebrates-strike-witches-character-birthday ) fawns over it . 
  it always astounds me that a game like gta can be criticised for a shitty sex mod while david cage games can get away with shitty rape scenes because it 's `` art '' . 
  oly zombie tony benn can save britain . 
  all of uber 's shit could have been resolved if it was n't for their stupid ceo and his libertarian `` disruption '' policies . 
  uber 's a fantastic service that wants to operate illegally because ayn rand said so . 
  so when can we watch a four lions remake starring tahar rahim ? 
  papandreou confirmed for smash . 
  of course . 
  nokia thought they can survive in the age of the iphone . 
  but then android came and they joined partners with microsoft instead of google . 
  they could have released low-cost android phones for the south asian/south east asian market to compete with samsung and huawei . 
  they made a huge mistake . 
  high speed fiberoptic jesus . 
  um , a crazed islamic state who has taken 1/3d of syria and iraq combined is a bigger threat than a kurdish communist group . 
  for me , i believe that there should be a eu-wide definition of `` integration '' . 
  i mean , americans see integration as something that is pretty simple . 
  for example , the amish are considered to be very integrated despite their completely different way of life , but my friend who lived in pennsylvania said that the amish are considered proud americans because they `` paid taxes , speak english and contribute to the economy '' . 
  there needs to be a definition of `` integration '' that can apply universally to europe as a whole . 
  there also needs to be a `` european declaration of integration '' of some sorts , which is similar to the us 14th amendment . 
  actually , kurds lean left since many kurdish groups and militias in kurdistan are communist in nature . 
  why does n't europe adopt assimilation attitudes similar to america ? 
  being a muslim and meeting american muslims , i see a sort of patriotic ` murican pride that american muslims adopt that you do n't see in muslims in europe . 
  i like to see danish muslims feel like they 're danish , or german muslims feel like they 're a part of germany . 
  france and the uk are the closest to american-style assimilation citizenship , but there 's still a huge sense of marginalization in both france and the uk . 
  at the same time , republicans wanted to abolish the fourteenth amendment , which allows for immigrants to assimilate to american society . 
  this reminds me of that show called masters of sex where mather zickel keeps appearing in lizzy caplan 's life eventhough lizzy caplan wants to focus in studying sex and fucking michael sheen . 
  my point is that russia is like an ex-husband who keeps irritating his ex-wife ( eastern europe ) . 
  i really like to know how polish people living in the uk and germany see homosexuality in those countries . 
  if the polish living in the uk and germany come back to polish , would they bring back the progressive lifestyle that they have witnessesed in western europe ? 
  for me , meh . 
  one mp means nothing when ukip will find it really difficult to gain more than 10 % of the seats in 2015 . 
  i mean , this is a party that advocates to outright repealing the nhs and the scottish parliament . 
  i seriously want to take them seriously , but i ca n't . 
  kurds are religious people too . 
  holland is like the red room from twin peaks . 
  it 's dreamlike and you can only meet them once every 25 years . 
  beck2012 used polish !, 
  it 's very effective !, 
  maajid nawaz was right !, 
  you should have listened to him you stupid fucks !, 
  it 's also no surprise considering that you can move to a country like uruguay where weed is legal or chile where you can find jobs operating hotels or hostels in valparaiso . 
  hell , psychology is booming in argentina , and demand for psychoanalysts is on the roof . 
  [ `` remember the part when superman goes into the church , and he talks to a priest ? 
  the `` visionary '' director , zack snyder , has superman 's head next to jesus in profile and double-profile . 
  ] ( http://youtu.be/l4u-hlm8mae?t=20m40s ) [ it 's like a film student shot that '' ] ( http://youtu.be/l4u-hlm8mae?t=20m40s ) - mike stoklasa , half in the bag, 
  since i am a francophone malaysian , why not have malaysia host it ? 
  we already have our own [ tour de france rip-off ] ( http://www.ltdl.com.my/ ) and we already have an [ alsatian colmar rip-off ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/colmar_tropicale ) where almost none of the staff speak any french at all . 
  also , we contribute datuk shake to france and in return , the french contributed to most of langkawi 's tourism . 
  russian logic : kristin shepard shot jr ewing kristin shepard is an american . 
  therefore , the us government shot jr ewing . 
  so russians think humans can not into self-determination and self-expression ? 
  thank god for france . 
  for me as a malaysian , working hard to acquire b2 french and move to france for university is a much better prospect than spending my parent 's life-savings on a british university . 
  in fact , i wish france had invaded a part or two of malaya/borneo/malaysia , because malaysia would make a great member of la francophonie . 
  burkas should be banned , not hijabs . 
   the election could have significant ramifications on the uk 's membership of the eu . 
  cameron has promised an in/out referendum in 2017 , if he wins the poll . 
  they 're still going ahead with that bullshit ?!, 
  do n't they care about all the british people living in europe ? 
   you are not authorized to access this page . 
  que ? 
  wait , animal rights is `` important '' ?
