  there are more laws in regards to shipping than there is towards land vehicles . 
  regardless of whether you 're from the left or the right , you have to be a fucking moron to be using a ship as if you can just steer it anywhere . 
   she gets actively stalked and intimidated by antifa . 
  some of her fellow journalists actually got beaten at the g20 protests . 
  still not a good excuse for trying to do something this stupid . 
  i got doxxed many years ago . 
  does n't mean that i can just put fireworks up my asshole . 
  it turns out that alt-right memelords have no understanding of maritime laws . 
  who would 've thought ? 
  seriously , they should replace bulls with robots . 
  the spanish gov. 
  should give contracts to boston dynamics just to build robot bulls . 
  more humane , and could create tons of jobs in spain . 
  you can even institute kill switch unlike a real bull . 
  not really . 
  many indians , bangladeshis and pakistanis can live and work as commonwealth nationals . 
  i 'm from malaysia and we have visa rights to work in the uk . 
  yeah , go ahead and blame eu migrants instead of non-eu migrants and employers profiting from it . 
  well quebecois always underestimate the potential of the french language outside quebec . 
  all my quebecois said that french is useless outside france , quebec and africa which is not true . 
  too bad the quebecois does n't support france 's francophone beliefs . 
  yes a jew is trying to islamise europe . 
  that makes sense, 
  disappoint, 
  yes , finally tv5monde will get the proper funding it deserves to compete with bbc america/world !, 
  at last , the polish caliphate under the guidance of caliph abu durda al-warsawi is born !, 
  too bad i do n't see masha i medved ' conventions in la or paris similar to animeexpo and japanexpo . 
  hell , when was the last time tatu , eduard khil or even emin had a concert outside russia/eastern europe/the urals ? 
  also , the best videogames about russia ( stalker shadow of chernobyl , metro ) are made by ukrainians . 
  that actually kind of says something . 
  also , why was burnt by the sun 2 even made at all ? 
  i still ca n't believe that such a godawful sequel even existed . 
  it sucks that mikhalkov blew it . 
  well they 're literally beating dead horses and eventually everyone 's going to smell the horses ' corpses, 
  this is why russia 's soft power is a failure . 
  instead of coming up with their own cool fads and pop culture , they will instead demonise any form of pop culture and will waste their money trying to destroy it in russia . 
  meanwhile , japan is still making tourism money out of anime , korean movies are still winning film festivals , french food is still being taught in culinary schools , wonder woman is still a hit at the box office and despacito just reached no. 1 beyond spanish-speaking music charts . 
  it 's like they learned nothing from the cold war . 
  india is like 1/5th of the world that 's for sure . 
   oh yeah because every other country love their politicians . 
  / r/india still treats modi like it 's his victory in 2014 . 
  abu durda al-warsawi strengthens his supreme rule in his caliphate . 
  these thick of it + inbetweeners + peep show + black mirror crossover episodes are really getting out of hand . 
  i still hated the blonde fucker from season 5 onwards . 
  yeah , let 's kill half of the series ' cast just to let this one new terrible character live . 
  his character turned the series into the worst parts of the walking dead . 
   at first they were focused on their own little market and had no intent to export abroad well they had to in order to catch up with the japanese pop culture of the 1990s and also due to the fact that they 're neighboured with north korea whom they were trying to mediate with in the late 90s . 
  there is a concept called `` han '' in korean society which means `` feeling of unresolved resentment against injustices suffered , a sense of helplessness because of the overwhelming odds against one , a feeling of acute pain in one 's guts and bowels , making the whole body writhe and squirm , and an obstinate urge to take revenge and to right the wrong -- all these combined . '', 
  it 's a cultural response to 35 of japanese rule followed by 3 years of brotherly bloodshed torn apart by a global arms race . 
  that 's why many korean movies are about revenge or regret one way or another . 
  i do n't think that it 's a very unique thing considering how the indonesian action film industry has adopted korean cinema-style marketing and had a moderate success with stuff like the raid , headshot , halfworlds and a few more ( just go to the various the raid threads on / r/movies ) . 
  the anime industry also took the korean approach of fully embracing both its global niche audience and its social media unlike its j-drama and cinema counterparts , and the result is a huge revival and interest in the anime industry globally while cinema and live television are struggling in japan itself . 
  there 's like 6 to 7 seasons of une village francaise for you to check out . 
  it 's basically downton abbey except better since it 's set in wwii and it stars the vampire from the strain . 
  i want more au service de la france , please, 
  macron seems to be the type of guy who wants france to ape the whole `` korean wave phenomenon '' i wo n't be surprised if my asian mom starts getting addicted to the constant stream of french television dramas that appear on netflix in the next few years . 
  funny , because he could pass off as an uyghur muslim, 
  all hail the new polish caliphate led by abu durda al-warsawi, 
  damn that 's fucking weird, 
   from skimming through this , it seems much more serious than poland 's situation . 
  anyway , malaysia is always held up as an example of an exemplary muslim state , and now you are saying it 's a corrupt islamist extremist country ? 
  both the ruling party and opposition parties have been pandering to islamists for 3 decades now . 
  a lot of recent federal and state laws that were enacted were made to favour muslims . 
  [ ending judicial independence is a common thing in islamist governments ] ( https://www.hrw.org/news/2016/08/05/turkey-judges-prosecutors-unfairly-jailed ) [ pakistan has a history of it ] ( https://www.thenews.com.pk/archive/print/626817-judiciary-being-abused-with-impunity ) [ hell , the most controversial judiciary crisis in a common law country happened in malaysia in 1988 ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/1988_malaysian_constitutional_crisis ), 
  it 's funny how they [ fear islamic extremism ] ( http://www.thenews.pl/1/10/artykul/310243,refusing-islamic-migrants-is-only-way-of-ensuring-security-polish-mep ) while [ running a government similar to that of corrupt islamist extremists ] ( https://www.amnesty.org/download/documents/140000/mde230362000en.pdf ), 
  schadenfreude is the greatest remain campaigner ever . 
  i 'm working for an ngo dealing with refugees right now and let me say this : not only do you have to teach them the language , but also teach them the etiquette . 
  you have to force them to assimilate if they want to survive . 
  they are scared of going back , and that 's the point . 
  force them to assimilate , or deport them . 
  it 's not hard , and there 's nothing racist or discriminatory about it . 
  even south korea sends back north korean refugees who refuse to abide to south korea . 
  this is why macron won, 
  basmati is also now a thing in my hometown in malaysia . 
  it 's also the most popular strand of rice in french pondicherry , martinique and reunion . 
  hr giger 's now a turkish chef ? 
  in my opinion , i think that paella of any kind is best made with basmathi rice similar to that of goan paella . 
  i just do n't like the rice used in normal paella . 
  in fact , basmati is such an underrated rice strain in europe . 
  making francophone recipes like thieboudienne/riz au gras with basmati is the greatest thing ever . 
  myanmar is a close ally of china and the genocide of the rohingya and karen peoples are also due to the sale of their lands by the government to chinese firms . 
  nobody wants the rohingyas , but myanmar is forcing them to flood the rest of southeast asia , bangladesh , canada and soon europe as a final `` fuck you '' to the international community from the ruling military junta . 
  from my pov this is also essential to prevent an upcoming flow of refugees from eastern ukraine , chechnya , xinjang and myanmar . 
  why is water wet ? 
  i wonder why this is not in / r/russia . 
  hmm ... ... 
  a great dictatorship is basically tito . 
  a mediocre dictatorship is ... . putin . 
  is this the upcoming dlc character for arms ? 
  so no difference between ? 
  it 's funny when japanese prime minister shinzo abe ( who 's also in the summit ) speaks decent english and he 's from a country that has less english speakers than turkey and france combined . 
  more like myanmar since the treatment of the kurds are similar to that of the rohingyas . 
  and myanmar also flooded southeast asia with rohingya refugees the same way they flooded europe with syrian refugees . 
  they tried to protest against milo yiannopoulus in berkeley and failed and yet it only took a youtube channel with 265 subscribers to burn his career to the ground . 
  the cuntiest cunt to ever cunt, 
  they look like nice people / s, 
  chamberlain tells germany to stop ` destabilising poland ', 
  myanmar is also holding southeast asia hostage by flooding in thousands of rohingya refugees to thailand , malaysia and indonesia and refusing to stop the violence against karen and rohingya minorities . 
  [ even dalai lama criticised suu kyi for her `` silence '' ] ( http://www.mizzima.com/news-international/dalai-lama-criticises-aung-san-suu-kyi-over-rohingya-silence-eu-meeting ), 
  so based on this guy 's logic i can just stroll around the gettysburg battlefield and film myself saying `` this is why we need an islamic caliphate .
