  tsipras even met poroschenko and thus nothing has changed so far in russia-greece relations . 
  even if he 's pm ( which i doubt ) he will still be surrounded by pro-us and pro-nato people . 
  he wo n't do jack shit in regards to russia-uk relations . 
  but again , he 's still a better choice for labour than the other three . 
  kendall , cooper and burnham were the same old blairite/nu-lab tosh . 
  i do love the it crowd, 
  they see me kremlin , they trollin ... 
  yeah , rip . 
  i love graham linehan though , and i wish he made a new show set in rural ireland . 
  father ted is fucking hilarious . 
  song for europe and speed 3 are best episodes . 
  more of that please . 
  for me , i think the problem with british muslims is that they are too scared to say no to someone like anjem choudary and they definitely suffer from a mass case of victim complex that is also rampant in the sunni communities of the middle east and pakistan . 
  this is why i believe in teaching empathy building as a counter to radical extremism . 
  radical muslims , like ever other extremist group are pretty selfish . 
  when they talk about wanting to build a caliphate , they talk about building a caliphate only for themselves and not to the benefit of others . 
  i mean , [ look at this shit ] ( http://www.vice.com/read/syrian-jihadist-selfies-tell-us-a-lot-about-their-war ) . 
  when you have british jihadists lounging around in luxury in a raqqa mansion while the average raqqa citizen is starving to death , that says more about daesh than any news report or documentary ever would . 
  we need to teach people in general about stepping into other people 's shoes if we 're going to curb not only radical islam , but also other radical or extremist sentiments . 
  challenge these people so that we could understand them and in return , they will understand us . 
  [ this is why daryl davis ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9y7iqmoyf8c ) . 
  he has done a lot to tear down the kkk in the states solely through empathy , and i think he has the key to defeating radical islam in europe . 
  and i like maajid nawaz and the quilliam foundation . 
  he was responsible for tommy robinson quitting the edl , and that is fucking impressive . 
  there 's a cafe in malaysia that serves exactly that http://emilychoong.com/shakespeare-boulangerie-patisserie-very/ it 's a french cafe named after an english playwright which serves japanese food , italian and french pastries . 
  which is funny , because the french has a boner for irish culture . 
  parisians are horribly straightforward , and sometimes they know it 's racist but again they just refuse to give any fucks . 
  and now you know why even france hates paris . 
  because i 'm asian , sometimes people were shittalking to me behind my back because they think i 'm a tourist who does n't speak french . 
  and then i just respond to them `` tu es trop bruyant . 
  and they just shut the fuck up . 
  tip : try and imitate french people when speaking french . 
  using behaviours and body language present in french speakers help in pronouncing things in french . 
  before i moved to france , i studied french via `` french in action '' and in fia it taught me not only the language , but also the natural body language of french which aids you a lot in pronounciation . 
  the best way to describe the french is that they act introverted , but talk extroverted , and that 's basically the reason why body language is as important as phonetics , conjugation and grammar when it comes to speaking french . 
  the biggest problem with french for many english speakers is pronounciation . 
  italian pronounciation is easy . 
  italian could definitely make for a good `` gateway language '' to french and spanish . 
  it helps when every italian speaks the same speed , whereas every french person speaks either slow or too fast . 
  it 's also easier to understand italian if you speak french or spanish . 
  he 's a decent director and a shitty producer . 
  he ruined the french action movie genre . 
  he makes a good film like adele blanc-sec but does not allow other directors to make a movie like adele blanc-sec unless if you kiss besson 's fat ass . 
  he 's the reason why france will never release an action movie like the raid . 
   i am all for wind power but only if it 's not harmful for the environment they are installed in . 
  i 'm pretty sure the solution is to install wind power and reforest the area . 
  that 's what they did with radio towers . 
  not that difficult, 
  seriously , the fsb should be hiring these girls in a heartbeat !, 
  rip www.youtube.com/watch?v=ynx26lj1yc4, 
  `` police slackers '' is the name of my devo cover band, 
  i am not surprised though . 
  hey do n't get us the rest of muslims in this shit . 
  muslims in both sides hate saudi arabia , especially when they use their oil money to make themselves represent 1.7 billion people . 
  i wonder how these thugs would react to indians/nepalese people in ukraine holding hands since it 's very common for them . 
  there 's a lot of racism in drug profiling . 
  the ban on marijuana in the late 1930s in the us is solely to arrest mexican immigrants in the us . 
  it 's also establish in shows like breaking bad and the wire on how the war on drugs affected black and hispanic communities . 
  hell , look at france 's banlieues and how things like `` drug raids '' are nothing more than excuses to beat up arab and north african minorities . 
  read `` the new jim crow '' and you 'll see how the global war on drugs establish the racial narrative of the modern world . 
  which makes me wonder what will be the worldwide reaction to the ( eventual ) legalization of marijuana in the united states . 
  atleast bollor\u00e9 is n't destroying france like how murdoch destroyed australia . 
  i 'd rather live under the tyranny of the bluecar than under fox news , nypost and sydney morning herald, 
  i guess swedish cops do not listen to rap music since 1980 . 
  come on , it 's obvious that snoop loves weed . 
  even korea knows that shit and they hate drugs more than the swedes !, 
  thank god rupert murdoch does not have control in french media . 
  jesus chrrist the horror at the thought of him running canal +, 
  `` eh , north america is filled with spanish speakers anyway . 
  probably raped that lion too '' - donald trump, 
  the british press . 
  jesus , it 's like using worldstarhiphop as evidence of eurabia . 
  `` yo , we saw these two black chicks fighting in clichy !, 
  total proof of muslim takeover brah ! '', 
  - / r/european, 
  the ( british ) media fucked up with this one . 
  they both spoke english but i 'd love to think that merkel can converse in french for some unknown reason . 
  you come here , learn the language , fly the flag and contribute to the economy . 
  that is integration , and has been the basis of `` liberte , egalite , fraternite '' . 
  integration is not complex , but many people want it to be complex for some reason . 
  and the turks should n't be mistreating the kurds . 
  it goes both sides . 
   we should n't stay in the eu because drone strikes - / u/snagprophet, 
  imo the right person will come but you have to go the extra mile to find people who accept you for who you are . 
  be active in searching for love , a lot . 
  go on tinder , speed date and extrovert yourself to many situations . 
  pick a social hobby that allows you to meet people and that hobby allows you to find love beyond the borders of skin color and origin . 
  if melissa theuriau can get married to jamel debbouze of all people , then the idea that no one will take you because of the color of your skin is bullshit . 
  since americans and canadians have more experiences with immigration than us perhaps we should just give them the duty to control eu immigration . 
  i 'm serious . 
  let them come up with a framework on immigration that works for europe . 
  our politicians ca n't do jack shit , so let 's ask the north americans . 
  but tatars follow european values and lifestyles . 
  they deserve a mosque . 
  americans and canadians have the answer but not us . 
  i did n't even know that it was a foreign funded mosque . 
  i thought it was a tatar mosque or some shit . 
  muslim here . 
  at first i was like `` they should n't protest '' but then i heard it was financed by turks and i 'm like `` yeah , please protest '' i support anything that spites erdogan really . 
  and also frequent coups happening which causes tensions between protesters and tourists .
