  no shit . 
  do you see shiite muslims , ahmadiyyas , sufis and ismailis blowing up bombs in europe ? 
  i do n't think so . 
  sunni islam is being overtaken by wahhabism and salafism , and it 's a problem that no one inside and outside of islam is willing to tackle . 
  instead of tackling it , people like trump would kiss king salman 's hand instead . 
  damn , she thicc fam, 
  this . 
  most arabs in paris can be considered of the white persuasion by looks alone . 
  yes , in both the book and the new tv series . 
  the handmaid 's tale is not a manual , kadyrov . 
  not yet, 
  wow , poland is really trying to out-handmaid chechnya in the gilead game . 
  [ yeah but muh sovareygnatea and foighting da establishment innit !, 
  ] ( http://threeminutethoughts.files.wordpress.com/2007/11/chavs.jpg ), 
  yeah and you target ariana grande for that ? 
  i mean , come on . 
  also , his surname is `` malloch '' , which closely resembles [ `` moloch '' ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/moloch ) , the god of child sacrifice . 
  `` it was just a prank bro ! '', 
  - the us government, 
  because charles aznavour and shit . 
  i 'd rather have armenia join the eu than turkey . 
  hell , that 's pretty much the entire francophone consensus . 
  i sense a plot to destroy the jedi ... 
  well , there 's more to the chinese than just china . 
  there 's issues like taiwan and growing chinese business communities in francophone countries that france will eventually tackle . 
  having sino speakers in macron 's cabinet sends a message that france takes china very seriously and that china ca n't take advantage of france easily [ like what happened in britain ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tl5dgzcwd_q ) . 
  that 's why china 's relationship with australia was at its most strategic during the rudd premership since kevin rudd spoke mandarin . 
  i love macron 's emphasis on multilingualism as a diplomatic advantage . 
  i do think that there should also be a mandarin speaker in macron 's cabinet ( particularly in the economic and trade ministries ) though . 
  it 's what happens when muslims from countries and sects who were taught that they are superior than everyone else ended up interacting with other muslims online . 
  fucking good !, 
  there 's no sandstorms in europe . 
  hell , full-faced veils are not even mentioned in the quran . 
  a scarf on your head is fine enough . 
  you wo n't go to hell for not wearing a full-faced veil . 
  just wear a veil . 
  that 's it . 
  none of that full-faced shit . 
  wahhabi revisionists trying to make the full-faced veil compulsory in islam really makes me sick . 
  hell , the full-faced veil is basically reinforcing the lack of trust muslims and non-muslims have towards each other ( which is exactly what the wahhabists and salafists want ) . 
  even so , he still has the right to travel . 
  do you support the revocation of the rights of falun gong , uighurs and dalai lama followers in china ? 
  this is literally no different from that . 
  good . 
  no brexit talks , no pro-uk brexit deals . 
  h\u00e9 talks like bob inhabiting leland palmer 's body, 
  fuck you . 
  i 'll call it marriage just to piss you off . 
  this is why macron won . 
  man , this far-right infighting sounds entertaining as hell . 
  gon na need bottles of pastis to deal with this . 
  what 's more ironic is that these same mafia groups support parties like lega nord . 
  the arena clan will sign your treaty . 
  `` it 's fine '' - average brexiter, 
  if being skeptical of a country 's direction makes me an elite then i 'll take that badge with fucking pride . 
   just like how gina miller is investing thousands in stopping pro-leave mps getting re-elected . 
  proof ? 
  not yet . 
  but what about `` the will of the people '' ? 
  i consider oss117 to be the superior french version of austin powers . 
  i do n't think mike myers can conceive a scene as genius as the beach orgy in rio ne r\u00e9pond plus, 
  this series was france 's equivalent to archer and it 's great that netflix picked it up for worldwide distribution . 
  in fact , it 's a much better netflix show than the godawful `` marseilles '' . 
  no austrian would casually use a word that is associated with the darkest moment in austrian/european history . 
   l\u00fcgenpresse confirmed not austrian . 
  come join us at / r/unresolvedmysteries . 
  [ there 's an active thread discussing the isdal woman right now ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/unresolvedmysteries/comments/6avdjl/isdal_woman_the_mystery_death_haunting_norway_for/ ), 
  yeah but muh homogenous white racist continent overrun by muslim rape gangs stealing all dem white wimminz and cucking all white men !!!!, 
  ( this is what / r/european , / r/the _ donald , / r/pussypass and / r/theredpill seriously believes ), 
  more like telepassur, 
  i 'm pretty sure there will be a delay . 
  that 's typical of government . 
  dude , malaysia shares the same system with the uk . 
  i 'm familiar with commonwealth parliamentary system . 
  but you know what i 'm more familiar with ? 
  bureaucracy . 
  nothing ever gets fast from any government . 
  and thus , the same will apply with brexit . 
  yeah and if 5 years ago if i tell people that francois hollande would n't survive his presidency they 'll be laughing at my face . 
  we live in the age of uncertainty . 
  do n't be sure of yourself . 
  i fucking doubt that the brexit negotiations will be complete before 2020 . 
  by that time britain might have a new government that might be pro-eu and then they will cancel the negotiations or try and start the returning process back . 
  hell , britain has to negotiate with 27 nations , and if one of nations can halt brexit to eternity . 
  it 's why some countries still have their eu ascensions halted for years . 
  what 's more shocking are the amounts of people ( especially in this subreddit ) who believe that leaving the eu will be a swift process . 
  what the fuck ? 
  have these people ever worked in public service or faced public service in their entire lives ? 
  i 've worked with governments ( and literally , i meant various governments ) and bureaucracy is so slow , you can download the entire internet and it 's still faster than signing an agreement between two nations . 
  now , take that and multiply by 27 . 
  that is the complexity of brexit . 
  edit : the responses below just fucking proved my point . 
  the lack of skepticism towards the british government is astounding . 
  the fact that british citizens completely trusts theresa may 's cabinet in handling this just blew my fucking mind . 
  if anything though , netflix has done a great job promoting french tv and french cinema to a wider audience and i think that should be recognised . 
  ever since i 've come back to my home country , i 've seen more french films legally than i did before netflix came . 
  back then i had to either torrent or wait for the local french festival organised by alliance francaise in order to watch a french film . 
  now i can watch a decent library of french films thanks to netflix . 
  fremaux and fncf are actually a threat to the promotion of france as a cultural soft power . 
  if fremaux and fncf got their way , then they would be able to block any future french film from being available on netflix/amazon/filmstruck which would limit exposure of french cinema to the entire world .
