  seriously ? 
  wow , this is like a plot of a un village francais episode . 
  the wire s2 is a great example of the death of unions in america . 
  there is no war in bah sing se, 
  it 's basic linguistic warfare . 
  is hates the term daesh , because daesh means `` the islamic state of syria and levant '' and using daesh pisses off the is more and at the same time diminishes the claims of a `` state '' by the islamic state . 
  which is why america uses `` north korea '' instead of `` the democratic people 's republic of korea '' . 
  hey , my favourite movies are aguirre and le dernier metro but i 'm also a comic book fan and thus , i love marvel movies . 
  plus , moebius created the greatest silver surfer story ever made , so there 's that . 
  the british media is pretty much poe 's law . 
  you think that 's bad ? 
  you have n't seen the australian ones . 
  all of them are owned by rupert murdoch . 
  all of them . 
  the idea of a powerful multilingual european cinema industry that can rival hollywood sounds great to me . 
  if every eu country financed one movie together , you can pretty much make a witcher movie with the budget of lord of the rings . 
  you can also make adaptations of berserk and/or war and peace with a strong eu-financed film industry . 
  the only times i go to cinemas is when a marvel studios or x-men movie is released . 
  i really do n't bother going to cinemas for other genres . 
  well , shias and other sects of islam are being faced with discrimination in the west due to sunni actions in the east . 
  [ for example , the park 51 community centre that was formerly run by a sufi imam was being protested as if it 's a radical madrassa run by a wahhabi extremist . 
  ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/park51#controversy ) this kind of discrimination is just terrifying , because it seems that people are okay with justifying generalized discrimination towards muslims regardless of sects . 
  imagine if catholics got discriminated for the actions of the westboro baptist church . 
  it 's exactly like that . 
  [ and not only that , he did feel a lot of disenfranchisement back as a teenager in the uk . 
  ] ( http://youtu.be/zw1tlvkadzg?t=3m49s ), 
  because it implies that muhammad is the last prophet in islam . 
  islam has other prophets besides muhammad . 
  muhammad is like the last prophet , but muslims follow the sayings of the rest of the 24 prophets , and that includes jesus , abraham , moses , ishmael and the rest . 
  and ? 
   you can ask them directly why they join isis . 
  vice did [ 1 ] , and it turns out that ` we were disenfranchised in europe ' is not even in their thoughts . 
  they care about re-establishing muslim supremacy over muslim lands , ridding them of apostates and infidels , re-creating the caliphate under the rule of the prince of the faithful . 
  but is n't the reason that they want to help establish a muslim caliphate is because of them being disillusioned with the west that they now look to islamic state as a solution for the western life that they failed to live in ? 
  i mean , the islamic state is basically jonestown but in a much more bigger scale . 
  hell , abu bakar al-bagdadi is the jim jones of the muslim world . 
  like i 've said :  maajid nawaz is right in the fact that any muslim , both rich or poor , educated or stupid can be swayed into radicalism because of a discriminative society . 
  radical religious movements thrive on poverty and discrimination , and radical islam is no different . 
  maajid nawaz was formerly one of those people , and when he was a jihadist the recruitment cycle consist of both rich and poor . 
  maajid nawaz and reza aslan are the two people who should be on the forefront of the fight against radical islam and islamophobia . 
  mehdi hassan is quite a sleazebag , and so is tariq ramadan . 
  exactly . 
  they 're killing shias , sufis , and even sunnis who oppose them . 
  i love sufi culture , and seeing isis destroying sufi shrines makes my blood boil . 
  we need more of this . 
  radical muslims thrive on european islamophobia . 
  the more islamophobic europe becomes , the easier it gets to recruit young european muslims thanks to disenfranchisement and discrimination back in europe . 
  maajid nawaz is right in the fact that any muslim , both rich or poor , educated or stupid can be swayed into radicalism because of a discriminative society . 
  radical religious movements thrive on poverty and discrimination , and radical islam is no different . 
  more muslims need to say that they are being accepted into european society , instead of just saying they are against extremism . 
  a strong social cohesion amongst muslims in europe is the best way to fight radical extremism . 
  muslims need to say `` i am comfortable living in this country . 
  why would i want to move to a faraway land and have higher chances of dying ? '', 
  this is a huge problem when you have anti-semitic qutbists and wahhabis spreading their ideology to young european muslims . 
  you want to stop anti-semitism and radical islam ? 
  stop letting wahhabists get free reign in europe . 
  [ also , it does n't help when wahhabists are also profiting from islamophobia in europe . 
  these crazy fuckers want europe to declare a culture war against islam , and considering the rise of far-right parties and the numbers of muslims from europe joining isis , it seems that europe has done exactly that . 
  let the sixth republic commence !, 
  that 's not the problem . 
  the problem would be whether or not the muslim child in birmingham are willing to be `` british muslim '' rather than `` muslim living in britain but willing to move overseas for holy reasons '' . 
  i mean , i 'm a muslim but since i 'm moving to france i am willing to speak french , contribute to the economy , eat croissants and gateaus , support the local football team and sing french music when i am not praying to allah on a friday . 
  i am willing to be a part of french society and assimilate myself there . 
  but are muslims in europe willing to do the same and assimilate ? 
  are muslims born in britain being taught to be british ? 
  and what are the lengths that europe can do to achieve the same level of social cohesiveness that america and australia has in regards to immigration ? 
  but they have : https://www.google.com.my/webhp?sourceid=chrome-instant&amp;ion=1&amp;espv=2&amp;ie=utf-8#q=muslims%20condemn%20isis, 
  as a muslim , good . 
   also the fact that they ( at the moment ) do n't dare to do things muslims do in europe . 
  are you seriously suggesting that people like kareem abdul-jabbar , muhammad ali , ice cube , keith ellison , aasif mandvi and dave chappelle want to form rape gangs ? 
  yes , but if islam is a threat to western civilization , how come most muslims in america have adapted well to american society ? 
  what about the tatar muslims of central and eastern europe ? 
  are they a threat to western civilization ? 
   one could argue that muslims themselves have no understanding of islam . 
  if you have n't noticed they argue between themselves all the time . 
  and so does other religions . 
  islam is not a giant monolithic entity . 
  it comprises of 1.7 billion followers from shias to sunnis and within those two you have shias like ismailis & zaidis and sunnis like shafie ' & wahhabis . 
  it 's similar to christianity and buddhism which has various forms of denominations . 
  sure , islam is the problem , but is it all muslims or certain sects like salafis and wahhabis ? 
  should ismailis be responsible for the actions of a wahhabi ? 
  should a salafi be responsible for the actions of a shafie ' ? 
  is n't france actually doing that in mali and arming the kurds ? 
  cool . 
  okay . 
  he was the second most popular president in france after degaulle . 
  i 'd rather have him than most of today 's politicians . 
   i 'm all for nuance , even if they are jsut shades of the same grey . 
  is n't that the point of nuance ? 
  if obama can get a seat in jiro 's in tokyo i 'm pretty sure he can get the best of estonian hospitality !, 
  i use uber and it 's a great service . 
  too bad all these problems could have been solved perfectly if it was n't for their ceo being a massive objectivist dick who refuse to compromise with local governments . 
  seriously , the hiring of david plouffe to uber is proof that regulation will always trump idealistic capitalism , and there is nothing you can do stop it . 
  [ if uber in japan can succeed using compromise between uber , taxi companies and the japanese government , ] ( http://www.techinasia.com/uber-japan-first-ubertaxilux/ ) why ca n't they do the same thing in europe ? 
  and the same time , taxi drivers should learn from uber , which is adapt and be nice . 
  that 's all we citizens are asking for . 
  the drivers of uber are nice , and uber uses technology to create a streamlined payment service . 
  taxis should take note and learn the tools of the trade to survive . 
  there is a great article about wahhabism and its role in saudi arabian royalty : http://www.huffingtonpost.com/alastair-crooke/isis-wahhabism-saudi-arabia_b_5717157.html, 
  the problem though is that we should be condemming isis via sanctioning saudi and qatari-run mosques and madrassas , and then labelling various organizations related to saudi arabia and qatar as `` financial schemes '' instead of `` religious organizations '' .
