  9/11 , us embassy in kenya , charlie hebdo . 
  it 's like they really suck at targeting people . 
  / r/syriancivilwar says it best : erdogan wants to revive the ottoman empire , and his dumb secret alliance with daesh is basicaly a part of his neo-ottomanism . 
  he is willing to put fellow turks at risk to accomplish his crazy-ass plan . 
  something happened to him post-2010 that turned him from a moderate muslim leader to a power-hungry authoritarian asshole . 
  oh okay then . 
  liberal muslims live in ontario and quebec , but the conservative muslims are heavily in alberta . 
  well , sunni islam in canada is more associated with alberta which is a pretty conservative state . 
  the mayor of calgary is a conservative muslim for harper 's party , after all . 
  and majority of canadian isis/daesh members came from calgary , especially the gordon brothers . 
  2scared of teh ghey, 
  seriously , you 're like a joke from an episode of unbreakable kimmy schmidt . 
  no doubt . 
  i hope to see an eu-wide referendum that will legalize gay marriage throughout all of the european union . 
  i had the biggest laugh studying the soviet union 's opposition to homosexuality , because apparently being gay is `` bourgeois '' . 
  what ? 
  i 've been to japan and china . 
  i can definitely see gay marriage happening in those two countries in the next decade or two . 
  russia will definitely feel the pressure though . 
  for me , i 'm not surprised because muslims in germany live in very liberal areas like berlin compared to the uk and canada . 
  if it can happen in america then it can happen in america 's allies and rivals, 
  i 'm not surprised really . 
  german muslims are well-integrated especially in berlin . 
  and liberalism in berlin is so widespread that people would be like `` eh '' to different orientations and beliefs . 
  okay , it 's not `` normal '' . 
  so fucking what ? 
  french people are not normal people . 
  the french revolution was not normal , and yet we 're still here . 
  we even had a stupid socialist commune in the middle of paris in the 19th century . 
  and yet we are still here . 
  we show tits to 14 year old boys for 5 decades . 
  and we 're still here . 
  the idea that people should conform to what is `` normal '' is absolute bullshit . 
  we 've been existing as a nation for 200 years despite not being normal . 
  after all , we told the church to fuck off and we 're doing fine for the last 200 years . 
  we even gave a monarch role to a dwarf . 
  so do n't tell us what `` normal '' is . 
  / #lovewins the decision to legalize gay marriage all over the usa by the supreme court lays the ground work for legalization of gay marriage and homosexuality across the eastern world . 
  we will see acceptance of homosexuals in china , korea , japan and of course , russia . 
  as american pop culture becomes more lgbt-friendly , it will lead to changing attitudes towards homosexuality by the general populations of these countries . 
  japan is next in gay marriage legalization , and the domino for gay marriage will fall over the rest of the eastern world . 
  but homosexuality is natural . 
  homosexual behaviour appears in every species out there , including plants . 
  hell , homosexuality can both be natural and/or a choice , and it basically says that people with homosexual behaviour are as normal as heterosexual people . 
  yes we can . 
  we are very close to closing scientology in france ( okay , maybe not close but we have arrested many members for tax fraud ) . 
  we can pretty much do the same with salafi islam . 
  good !, 
  close these shit salafi brainwash centres . 
  as a muslim , mosques that preach violence via violent imams should be closed . 
  it 's not really difficult to find a mosque that preaches violence . 
  yup . 
  if anything it 's time to hire some americans to fix some of our shit . 
  perhaps bernie sanders can come in and save greece . 
  and maybe make assimilation and `` melting pot '' the official immigration policy of the eu . 
  no they 're not okay too . 
  but i seriously doubt neoconservatism is mainstream in european politics except for maybe britain or russia . 
  but after steve emerson 's fuck up of `` no go zones '' , would you really trust any american neo-conservative about his or her opinions on europe ? 
  i certainly do n't . 
  their websites are untrustworthy , filled with agendas aimed to scare american voters against muslims and `` socialist europe '' . 
  and they 're `` american neo-conservatives '' , not `` americans '' . 
  there 's a difference . 
  those are not fine too . 
  but i 'm not talking about those . 
  i 'm talking about american right-wing websites . 
  mod here and i agree . 
  i find links from american neoconservative and right-wing sites being posted to / r/europe upsetting . 
  we are supposed to be better than that . 
  as long as sepp blatter stays , fifa will keep giving the world cup to authoritarian dictatorships and underdeveloped corrupt countries . 
  i 'm sick of seeing the world cup go to the hands of troubled nations like south africa , brazil and qatar . 
  it 's a disgusting trend that will ensure that developed , stable nations like england , france , japan and the usa will never get to host the world cup as long as sepp is controlling fifa . 
  no doubt . 
  i know many tunisian muslims who truly believed in a secular democracy and yet there are people willing to stop them from believing in it . 
  so basically 6 out of 10 people pass the danish language test . 
  that 's not bad , really . 
  i too like st. young men and it had an okay live action movie . 
  that 's a good point . 
  uber as a limo service is great , but they suck as a taxi service . 
  any good decent actual taxi booking apps ? 
  there has yet to be a service in france that is as good as malaysia 's myteksi . 
  taxis g7 is rubbish . 
  muslim here also . 
  i 'm like `` eh '' . 
  living in france desensitized me from getting offended at shit . 
  and cheap . 
  when will we have quality muhammad cartoons ? 
  do i have to call japan for that ? 
  can we have a link that is not pjmedia ? 
  i do not want to click to american right-wing websites . 
  dude , you do know that there are french that holds a second language like bretagne and occitane right ? 
  also , pretty much many french people can hold a conversation in english once they step out of france . 
  i have yet to meet a single frenchman who goes outside france and ca n't converse in the most basic of english . 
  in fact , french people are considered fluent in english when you compare them with the japanese . 
  no shit . 
  well that 's the problem . 
  sunni muslims like to talk about how `` united '' they are and yet they have different ideologies from gender values to islamist groups . 
  which is the complete opposite many decades ago where muslim converts were seen as the moderates . 
  it seems that islamic conversion became very radicalised from the 1970s onwards . 
  or maybe too literally , through the deceptive mouth of an imam . 
  everytime i come back to malaysia ( a muslim country ) , i have never , ever encountered a gender separate area in a grocery store .
