  a good human is a brave human !, 
  courage is a marvel of humanity ! '', 
  - william a. zeppeli i hope hamon has the courage to try and at least turn this election into hamon vs. macron instead of le pen vs. fillon vs. macron . 
  this muslim ban shit makes no sense considering that saudi arabia and egypt were n't on the list . 
  america invaded iraq and the response to that is to fuck them up even further by banning iraqis from entering the country ? 
  including kurds and turkmens ? 
  what a bunch of fucking bullshit . 
  considering that jordan and iran wants to abolish wahhabist rulers in saudi arabia and bring back the hashemite kingdom ( aka the mohammedan rulers who now rule jordan ) , i 'm fine with that . 
  actually , the left are bothered by america 's support for saudi arabia . 
  michael moore has been doing criticism for it since fahrenheit 9/11 . 
  the more important question is why saudi arabia was n't in the ban list considering that majority of the 9/11 hijackers are saudis . 
  i 'd have agreed with you if your pm is n't leaving the european court of human rights along with using brexit to implement austerity measures like massive nhs cuts . 
  seriously , it seems that britain is leaving everything with the word `` europe '' in it . 
  maybe britain should leave the solar system since europa 's in it . 
  they should find their own sovereign planetary system where they could exercise their democratic will of taking back control from those evil dirty europeans . 
  after last year 's humiliation i wo n't be surprised . 
  eh , at least hamon is a cool surname thanks to jojo 's bizarre adventure . 
  his name has some decent meme magic potential . 
  i wonder if they can find an excuse to blame `` the west '' for this or say `` what about ( insert western country here ) ? 
  they do the same thing too '', 
  they 're unhealthy if you do n't exercise and/or walk/jog/run all day . 
  sugar substitutes make you feel the need for activity , and that either results in either eating or doing exercise work . 
  i do n't mind this idea but i do n't mind unlimited refills if it 's only for diet soda . 
  it 's funny how trump is advocating for `` isolationism '' while continuously being aggressive towards the eu and china . 
  speaking of which , why does the finnish language look like a keyboard glitch ? 
  it 's like the political equivalent of those transformers movies . 
  those movies are complete garbage . 
  why are you buying tickets for it ? 
   financial implications of the bill  22 the bill is not expected to have any financial implications . 
  um , the financial markets will not see it that way . 
  a better phrasing would have been `` the economic implications will be determined during negotiations with the european union '' . 
  [ great song too ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6qufknnnr2e ), 
  go to / r/le _ pen ( which is run by / r/t _ d folk ) . 
  majority of them is in english . 
  sure , there 's tonnes of foreigners but russians and hindutvas are also not known for their proficiencies in french . 
  `` isolationism for only us , not you . 
  fuck you i 've got mine '' - / r/the _ donald, 
  like i 've said , it 's fucking hilarious . 
  people who do n't speak french and do n't live in france or have never even lived in france trying to dictate french people on how they should vote ? 
  in a country where only 40 % of people ( majority of them being politically-inactive youths ) speak english ? 
  and you know what 's funny ? 
  these people are not okay with other countries dictating how americans should live ( despite their god emperor 's love of putin ) , but are apparently okay with dictating foreigners on how they should live . 
  that 's hilariously ironic . 
  well , france and russia had a long history of cultural and social friendship since the dawn of time and even both macron and hamon want a stronger relationship with russia . 
  also , hollande and putin agreed to cooperate against daesh in syria , so it 's kind of a french thing to have warm relations with russia . 
  i mean , kruschev and staline were friendlier to degaulle than churchill and johnson . 
  the only thing i remember about allo !, 
  were the nazi officers getting triggered by their uniforms being fixed by jewish tailors . 
  has he ever been good since 2008 ? 
  he never gave a fuck about being a decent house music producer since he peaked in 2005 . 
  actually , jjba improved my love for michel polnareff because `` dans la maison vide '' is a great song to listen to while playing eyes of heaven , especially if you play with polnareff + iggy . 
  i seriously can not take hamon 's surname seriously because of jojo 's bizarre adventure . 
  and yet she sucks trump and farage cocks . 
  the thing is that no one ( incl . 
  trump himself ) thought that trump would win . 
  that 's why trump had that trumptv pitch . 
  if anything , him funding hillary clinton by huge margins was because of his belief that trump might win and played his part . 
  he still knows his shit . 
  he was actually one of the first people to believe that trump will win the presidency . 
  he knew what is going on better than most people . 
  i 'm actually planning to do that and still am . 
  yeah , hamon is also a rising star but i doubt he is able to brush off ps and hollande 's mistakes . 
  are you kidding me ? 
  fillon was taking leads from le pen . 
  fillon is no different from le pen in everything except eu integration , and fillon 's embrace of catholicism is what catapulted him against le pen in the first place . 
  people flock to macron because of his embrace of new social liberal values that the french leftist elite has shied away from . 
  like i 've said , macron is a genius . 
  like trump , he is the `` disrupt '' candidate and is able to utilize the french election system and the chaos of parti socialiste to `` disrupt '' the ps/ump/fn status quo . 
  also , he uses the french left 's failure to embrace new social liberal values to attract the youth vote . 
  seriously , he is only french presidential candidate who supports legalizing marijuana , something that every french liberal/leftist/socialist except the left political elite supports . 
  he is the going to be the most exciting politician to watch in the next coming months . 
  and that 's why i 'm supporting macron as [ he is the only presidential candidate to support legalizing/decriminalizing marijuana ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=p-4tiulpcpq ) . 
  which is exactly what theresa may does n't want . 
  which goes against her entire `` hard brexit '' wish fulfillment . 
  what you 'll get is basically defacto brexit where eu and single market rules still apply . 
  hell , it 's not even brexit , just a `` it 's complicated '' status regarding the uk . 
  eu negotiators will not continue negotiating if a eu member does not approve britain 's article 50 . 
  that 's how it is for every deal , and it will apply to brexit negotiations . 
  britain will not get special status solely for this deal . 
  it will be negotiated just like every other eu deal in the past 4 decades . 
  and the same might apply to article 50 too . 
  each eu member needs to agree to uk 's article 50 , and thus that might take for years since there are member countries where every eu agreement and deal will need to go through their respective national parliaments/assemblies . 
  it wo n't be easy . 
  these negotiations will be long , tedious and bureaucratic . 
  i doubt it will be done before 2019 . 
  ironically , this was the argument by federalists for a federal europe : ending reliance of national member governments and have the eu do their own agreements , reducing bureaucracy in the process . 
  hell , just look at all the recent brexit threads where triggered brexiteers go outside their safe spaces solely to get triggered . 
  well , alaska is home to haarp which is co-owned by the us army and alaska state university so i 'm not surprised if they done a lot of research there . 
  i 'm basing it on the fact that theresa may can somehow take the money and run , which is not what the eu will accept . 
  pretty much . 
  the view is that somehow theresa may , her cabinet and the leave voters can just coast on the negotiations with 27 countries within just months , which is : - unreasonable - delusional - unrealistic it took years to decades for certain countries to join the eu . 
  i 'd take the same amount of time to leave eu , maybe even longer . 
  sure , if it 's produced by justin rolland and dan harmon . 
  and it 's also austria , belgium , bulgaria , croatia , republic of cyprus , czech republic , denmark , estonia , finland , france , germany , greece , hungary , ireland , italy , latvia , lithuania , luxembourg , malta , netherlands , poland , portugal , romania , slovakia , slovenia , spain and sweden 's money . 
  if eduardo saverin can get his money back from mark zuckerberg , so can france with the uk . 
  that 's what an investment is . 
  you 're seriously thinking that they wo n't want their money back ? 
  if i invested in a firm , and that firm decided to leave me , i 'd ask for my money back . 
  the same will apply to brexit . 
  700 million are not gon na be happy that their tax money is being spent on a country that wants to leave them and run away with that money , and some will pressure their governments to give back their money .
