  if anyone got contacts to varoufakis we would definitely be interested . 
  yes they will go back to muhammad drawings once there 's an event based on it . 
  right now , the focus is on greece , immigration , eastern europe , brexit and donald trump . 
  the whole islam thing is dying down as the media is focusing away from it so they 're trying out newer material . 
  the funniest issue of charlie hebdo is when they make fun of sarkozy . 
  maybe they 're back to doing that since the election is coming within 2 years . 
  if there 's a funnier goldmine then i do n't see a problem with them straying away from their current content . 
  /  mom , can i have something different for lunch ? 
  you must eat gruel forever or else the terrorists win !!!!, 
  /  okay ... . 
  they 're still continuing that but with newer material, 
  it 's nothing to do with that . 
  it 's about gaining new material though . 
  well to defend the guy : too much of the same material is no longer funny . 
  sure , it 's made to offend , but is it made to laugh ? 
  charlie hebdo is a pretty humourous magazine and their materials tend to be refreshing , which is why too much of the same thing will lose the humour value to it . 
  sure this is about free speech but it 's also about charlie hebdo moving on . 
  who cares if he 's religious ? 
  if he can do a good job , then the religion does n't matter . 
  well , scott lively , bryan fischer and gina reinhardt are definitely not far-left liberals that 's for sure . 
   not really , there were plenty of european feminists criticizing him ( not that i agree , the whole thing is stupid ) , but this does n't have anything to do with puritan values . 
  yeah but american feminists were the first to criticize him . 
  fucking gawker started that shit . 
   the mpaa is n't a democratically elected group , and the average american does n't have anything to do with them . 
  this is n't evidence of anything . 
  so why do theaters still comply with mpaa laws ? 
  why do major movie studios still comply with the mpaa ? 
  `` this film is not yet rated '' is a great film that exposes american puritanism and its control in the united states . 
  a movie like `` but i 'm a cheerleader '' gets a nc-17 for a female masturbation scene . 
  that is unacceptable in our society . 
  [ only in america can someone get offended by an european scientist 's t-shirt ] ( http://www.theverge.com/2014/11/13/7213819/your-bowling-shirt-is-holding-back-progress ) also , the mpaa still classifies movies with cussing and nudity with r-rating stamps , and movies like blue is the warmest colour got a nc-17 despite being rated 12 in france . 
  puritanism is still strong . 
  horseshoe theory . 
   you are acting out of french cultural identity which is n't the norm . 
  it should be though . 
  every american movie needs a sex scene . 
  that 's one thing that makes french cinema so great . 
  and you guys destroyed japan 's hempen culture and introduced homophobia to japanese society . 
   tabata also revealed the top complaints for north american and european players differed , with those from the us complaining noctis ' voice sounds weirdly like batman , while europeans were n't comfortable with the sexualised depiction of cindy . 
  https://archive.moe/v/thread/292545723/#292545723 this is from a famitsu interview with hajime tabata after he came back from the square enix press conference in paris . 
  by saying `` europeans '' i 'm pretty he might be talking about us . 
  anglophonic puritanism is scary . 
  that is true . 
  it 's easier for conservative christian ideas to permeate easily within english-speaking countries . 
  look at the influence the american christian right had in uganda 's anti-gay law for example , and also the support that stephen harper and tony abbott gets from christian conservatives . 
  absolutely nothing , because i have never met the developer of final fantasy xv . 
  but at times non-french people are very confused about french society . 
  sometimes they think we 're sjws , but at times they think we are horny people who make sick disgusting porn and gave them cesar awards . 
  it 's a really a race to the bottom . 
  the `` radical feminists '' and the `` christian hard right '' in the united states are vying to puritanize the country , really . 
  margaret atwood wrote about how both sides ' puritanism led to the birth of the ultra-christian gilead republic in the handmaid 's tale . 
  american puritanism is dangerous because it 's an idea that does n't work , but keeps getting pushed on by america 's strong religious identity from the right . 
  and the far left utilized puritanism because of its history of religious values being used by lenin and stalin under the guise of marxist-leninist laws . 
  there 's a difference between modesty and enforced religious values , but the lines are getting blurrier everyday . 
  look at how american puritans wrote japanese laws after wwii . 
  a lot of the social problems faced by japanese society today are due to american puritans enacting laws aimed at `` protecting children '' and `` enacting protestant work ethic '' . 
  everytime i go to akihabara and buy hentai what i got instead were blurred vaginas and penises . 
  fuck you douglas macarthur . 
  because one of the biggest criticisms of blue is the warmest colour were mostly the sex scenes , and the biggest critics were the `` radical feminists '', 
  and what 's funnier is that we french get accused of being sjws by the developer of final fantasy xv , eventhough we recently gave a film that had 30 minutes of nude lesbian sex a palme d'or . 
  yeah it 's weird really . 
  i wish france had a healthy startup scene . 
  but then again , regulations and shit . 
  but !, 
  we do have one tech startup industry : video games . 
  [ we have a lot of video game companies ] ( https://fr.wikipedia.org/wiki/cat%c3%a9gorie:entreprise_fran%c3%a7aise_de_jeux_vid%c3%a9o ) , and since video games are considered an `` art form '' , video game companies can receive tax breaks from the french government , which led to the video game startup boom in france . 
  if you want to start a video game industry , then france is where you startup, 
  same with us too in malaysia . 
  she was right . 
  merkel did her best handling the situation . 
   also german speakers are rare too . 
  but you elected one , 
  romania has fast internet , lowering rates of corruption and an easy access to english , francophone , german and russian speakers . 
  of course it 's a decent place to do business . 
  just legalize same sex marriage and move on already !, 
  iron sky confirmed . 
  napoleon bonaparte was in the alabasta arc . 
  actually all of those happened in warhammer 40k . 
  so you want the pope to be emperor mankind from warhammer 40k ? 
  bon anniversaire motherfuckers !, 
  yeah but sarah palin , john mccain , paul ryan , jean marie le pen and mike huckabee are definitely not winston churchill, 
  it should be though . 
  yeah apparently our country has the same `` listen to failed people '' thing with politicians just like america . 
  in the states , sarah palin , john mccain , paul ryan and mike huckabee are fox news regular and they give out political `` opinions '' eventhough they should be shunned for being failures . 
  the only `` failed '' politician who 's smart enough to stay out of the spotlight is mitt romney . 
  it 's the same in france . 
  people have been listening to the le pen family for 4 fucking decades . 
  jean marine should have been laughed at for every attempt at the presidency he has made all the years . 
  self reflection is nothing more than propaganda by the west, 
  novorossiya , australia of the north, 
   a street named after him in pristina is that where i can get free blowjobs ? 
  `` anti-muslim feelings '' so much kek . 
  surely , there 's a lot of rational and irrational fears about muslims , but this is n't the way to go . 
   grefendum i 'm more of a hufflepuff guy, 
  this is the homophobe equivalent of sub-zero vs. scorpion fight !, 
  pretty much reinforces my belief that many salafis and wahhabis are nothing more than spoilt , narcissistic brats . 
  which is ironic since one of the biggest values in islam are humility and hard work . 
  so much for `` real islam '' . 
  no doubt . 
  looks like it was literally designed to look more gay than the rainbow flag .
