  hell , russky mir needs more offices in asia and more funding too . 
  what 's more embarrassing is that the best thing to come out of russian art are the metro series of novels and videogames , and the games were made by ukrainians . 
  when your country 's greatest artistic export from the last 7 years were made by the people you 've been fighting for the last 3 years , something is wrong there . 
  in fact , one post-communist nation that truly embraces soft power and saw the value in it is china . 
  sure , their attempts at soft culture is unoriginal and had to rely on hong kong and hollywood , but their spending of soft power still exceeds that of russia . 
  if china sees more value of soft power as an extension of their economic growth , then so should russia . 
  may has a weird boner for controlling immigration to the point where she might even use nukes on immigrants living in the uk . 
  there 's also a tv show coming soon too and it 's looking pretty good from what i hear . 
  [ this is basically chechnya right now ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=r-45xl7qlxc ) note : in the original novel , the woman was hanged for homosexual acts . 
   what exactly should the turkish people do then ? 
  reinvade armenia ? 
  wow , looks better than [ malaysian public housing when they were first implemented ] ( http://www.themalaymailonline.com/malaysia/article/this-is-what-public-housing-looks-like ), 
  but it 's not even a palatable , pr-friendly form of hypocrisy . 
  this is 2014-era erdogan levels of hypocrisy . 
  so let me get this straight , its a bad idea to call for a independence referendum but its ok for a ge ? 
  polling methodology is science and if there 's one thing authoritarians hate , it 's science . 
  polling is the one scientific field where anti-science people can prove it wrong . 
  yes but they do n't have any influence on the wider left-wing , and any attempts at doing so have failed with clinton 's loss . 
  [ this is the type of person the dnc is prepping up for 2018 ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ytjumqfmvfe ) , hardly the `` regressive '' we hear on the internet . 
  [ hillary 's loss already created a democratic coalition ] ( https://www.democraticcoalition.org/ ), 
  there 's a lot of good democrats like tulsi gabbard , jared polis and keith ellison though . 
  these are the people who should represent the dnc 's best ideas . 
   the meltdown from the democrats / ** regressives ** . 
  ah , so you 're one of `` those '', 
  it still does n't negate the fact that there are tonnes of people who voted for trump out of some of the weirdest assumptions and expectations . 
  reading / pol / during the attack on the syrian airbase was a delight . 
  the most important thing for the democrats to do is to turn back the blue states that voted for trump . 
  i mean , they 've lost pennsylvania and michigan . 
  that 's unforgivable . 
  these two states are essential to the democratic party . 
  both penn and michigan are diverse states and blue collar states . 
  they should 've been a lock for the dnc . 
   in contrast , polls seem to suggest that the 45th president enjoys historically high approval ratings among members of his party . 
  other journalists report continuing enthusiasm from the small towns that delivered his strongest electoral support . 
  of course republicans will fall for the party line . 
  the more significant line is here :  these sentiments echo regrets highlighted in social media . 
  but they are too few to conclude that trump 's electoral coalition has somehow eroded . 
  moreover , of the already small number of trump voters expressing regret , only one in four would have shifted their support to the democratic nominee . 
  if anything , the dnc has to provide a solid platform in order to provide a solid competition in 2018 and 2019 . 
  there 's more of it at / r/trumpgret, 
  i 've seen japanese people pronounce `` prochaine '' better though . 
  even if it was played for laughs , `` prochaine '' is the last word to use in an example of bad french . 
  it 's one of the easiest words in french , easier than pronouncing `` bonjour '' and `` merci '' . 
  if marine le pen wins the second round , i can see tonnes of people regretting it months afterwards like [ all the regretful trump supporters ] ( https://mic.com/articles/173364/a-trump-voter-s-undocumented-husband-was-just-deported-to-mexico#.wszpqndgr ) . 
  also , john oliver 's french is just the worst . 
  is it really that hard to pronounced `` prochaine '' ? 
  copyright agreements between hbo and local providers . 
  those stars look like the eu flag going further away from him . 
  it 's like poetry ... 
  til, 
  i 'm following the words of former prc leaders like wen jiabao who believes in an inevitable democracy . 
  and they did not stop asking , which reinforces the inevitability of democracy in mainland china . 
  the closest you 'll have is tibet , but then they 'll just take the panchen lama away . 
  [ 808-era kanye was damn sapeurized ] ( http://heightline.com/wp-content/uploads/kanye-west-style-1.jpg ), 
  hey , i used to live in china too , back in the 90s when shenzhen just started its construction and it boom as a sez . 
  and i still visit shenzhen and huaqiangbei and other parts of china like tianjin when i have the chance . 
  i do n't see buying used iphone and huawei parts at zhenxing 's backalleys as the sign of a well-run authoritarian country . 
  there are stores selling vpn modems to escape the firewall . 
  hell , i saw modded ps2s at seg plaza when the chinese government banned game consoles . 
  this is not normal / china 's capitalist economy is borderline dickensian at most , and like dickensian britain at the turn of the 19th century china will go for a democratic reform in order to keep up with its unchecked capitalist economy . 
  however , china 's democracy will basically be `` democracy with chinese characteristics '' just like how maoism was `` socialism with chinese characteristics '' . 
  in a few years now , the question wo n't be when will china adopt democracy but how . 
  i do believe that china will eventually become a democracy before 2050 . 
  hell , both wen jiaobao and deng xiaopeng believed that china will undergo a form of democratic reform in decades time . 
  china is in an interesting imperial period similar to that of the british empire . 
  britain only became a democracy a few years after controlling india , and france only became a democracy 100 years after the french revolution . 
  the same is happening to china , and like both britain and france it 's a slow process . 
  well , it does also influence a lot of modern black culture in the west . 
  well-dressed rappers like kanye west , outkast and stromae are heavily influenced by congolese sapeurs and the jazz scenes in chicago , atlanta and new orleans ( in fact , chicago is home to a huge senegalese population ) . 
  i think the existence of europe and the european union as either a union or a superpower ( or both ) is essential to growing and maintaining the concept of regional blocs . 
  a strong european union would encourage not only growth within europe , but also outside europe . 
  the birth of the eu helped pave the way for other regional unions like ecowas and asean and their growth has been tremendously encouraged by the growth of the european union . 
  hell , i believe that regional blocs should be the future of foreign policy and geopolitics , and the one regional bloc i hoped to see is a joint korea-china-japan bloc which had the potential to be `` the eu of the east '' if it was n't for the three countries stubbornly clinging to its wwii pasts . 
  this is literally the handmaid 's tale happening with our very eyes . 
  i finished reading that book in anticipation for the upcoming tv series , and the fact that `` gender treachery '' is an actual concept in a post-secular society like russia is both disgusting and terrifying . 
  the handmaid 's tale is not a fucking manual , kadyrov . 
  - rothschilds bow to bogdanoffs - in contact with aliens - possess psychic-like abilities - control france with an iron but fair fist - own castles & banks globally - direct descendants of the ancient royal blood line - will bankroll the first cities on mars ( bogdangrad will be be the first city ) - own 99 % of dna editing research facilities on earth - first designer babies will in all likelihood be bogdanoff babies - both brothers said to have 215 + iq , such intelligence on earth has only existed deep in tibetan monasteries & area 51 - ancient indian scriptures tell of two angels who will descend upon earth and will bring an era of enlightenment and unprecedented technological progress with them - they own nanobot r&d labs around the world - you likely have bogdabots inside you right now - the bogdanoffs are in regular communication with the archangels michael and gabriel , forwarding the word of god to the orthodox church . 
  who do you think set up the meeting between the pope & the orthodox high command ( first meeting between the two organisations in over 1000 years ) and arranged the orthodox leader 's first trip to antarctica in history literally a few days later to the bogdanoff bunker in wilkes land ? 
  - they learned fluent french in under a week - nation states entrust their gold reserves with the twins . 
  there 's no gold in ft. knox , only ft. bogdanoff - the twins are about 7 decades old , from the space-time reference point of the base human currently accepted by our society - in reality , they are timeless beings existing in all points of time and space from the big bang to the end of the universe . 
  we do n't know their ultimate plans yet . 
  we hope they 're benevolent beings . 
  sure , stone and roberts are superior in many parts , but watson is still best emma . 
  it 's weird how this was never brought up during the referendum . 
  according to certain websites , my kind are the worst people in existence , and if i dare to move to europe , then i 'll singlehandly turn europe into an islamist continent where the taliban rule the streets and starts stoning women . 
  so , should i move to france as intended ? 
  i have b2 in my delf exam . 
  for all the discussion surround `` eurabia '' or `` creeping sharia '' in europe , the media seems to forget that it 's not really just an immigrant , integration and religion issue but also a financial issue . 
  [ i mean , a bunch of wahhabists with money are recruiting young european muslims to take away their life savings , get out of college , detach themselves from moderate elements of muslim communities and go to syria/iraq to fight `` infidels '' and in return , go back to europe to recruit more young european muslims . 
  ] ( http://www.france24.com/en/20120929-how-saudi-arabia-petrodollars-finance-salafist-winter-islamism-wahhabism-egypt/ ) is n't that like a mixture of a pyramid scheme and a cult ? 
  why are european countries allowing rich saudis to profit on the misery of europe 's muslims ? 
  as a muslim , i 've seen how recruitment of muslims into radical fundamentalism has become a for-profit venture . 
  the creation of the islamic state is basically made to profit from the saudi-iran proxy war . 
  the fact that this has become so obvious that the media or the establishments failed to say anything about this is just astounding . 
  we should labelling madrassas and mosques with wahhabist tendencies as `` ponzi schemes '' . 
  why are n't the european countries launching a financial investigation into muslim centres with supposed wahhabist/salafist tendencies ? 
  i really want to know . 
  there 's a scam going on , and it 's going unnoticed right now . 
  the financial regulatory agencies ( amf , fca , . etc ) should be checking on this . 
  let 's just say that someone made a fighting game about europe , with fighters based on each respective country .
