  you live in a liberal european country . 
  do n't you fucking dare being more conservative than muslims in muslim countries . 
   `` george soros secretly digs another hole out back again , more at 11 . '', 
  not good enough . 
  add a pizza place reference or something . 
  orban just wants his safe space , bro . 
  and you know why fake news is thriving ? 
  because now you have terribly biased media ( cnn , breitbart and fox news ) combined with terrible clickbait media ( kotaku , huffpo , buzzfeed ) to scream at each other allowing fake news sites to thrive in the middle of the scream . 
  it also helps that good and real , unbiased journalism is paid journalism ( like foreign policy , the diplomat , le monde , le figaro , etc. 
  ) , which no one except loyal readers are willing to pay for . 
  fake news thrives a lot on easy access of free media . 
  much of the operations right now are being handled by the golden brigade , the pmu and the peshmerga . 
  that 's some / r/topmindsofreddit shit yo . 
  yup , they allowed corey lewandowski ( guy on trump 's payroll ) and donna brazile ( dnc head ) to work directly for cnn which violates several fcc rules . 
  that 's why reducing influence of radical islamism requires an economic solution that favours work over religion . 
  mosul 's proximity to iraqi kurdistan and iran makes it a much more important city than raqqa especially with american interests in kurdistan . 
  yup . 
  i did mention that they 're going to commit a terrorist attack in europe to distract the media from focusing on their loss in mosul . 
  i do n't know why a redditor with a swedish flair lurks / r/bulgaria . 
  um , you do know that us sofs are in mosul right ? 
  none of the spetznaz/gru are involved in mosul . 
  i lurk / r/syriancivilwar and you linking mosul to russia is absolute bs . 
  also , no on le pen . 
  fillon or bust for me . 
  yeah , but it 's just a statue of the virgin mary . 
  and besides , if i were the government i 'd also want a statue of statue of satan to be placed next to it as part of laicite . 
  sometimes laicisme can go too far . 
  the virgin mary does not dictate french law unlike burkas . 
  secularism should be against any religion that tries to dictate the law of the land or the belief of a lawgiver . 
  i do n't see the virgin mary being able to regulate french law unlike say the burka . 
  isis/daesh are losing and it 's game over once they lose mosul . 
  there 's going to be a huge terrorist attack aimed at shifting away the media 's focus on their loss at mosul . 
  they did charlie hebdo just to shift attention away from kobane and brussels aimed at shifting the attention from palmyra and they will do it this time with mosul . 
  theresa may is jerry from rick and morty and the brexiteers are basically the pluto people, 
  really helps reinforce the notion of the english being whiney privileged cunts edit : man english people get triggered hard . 
  i thought they 're known for their `` sense of humor '' ? 
  it 's the result of questioning really . 
  it 's easier to lie to pollsters when they ask you `` who would you vote for this november ? '', 
  i think that polling should be a series of nuanced , complex questions that can aggregate into determining a concrete voting position on election . 
  questions like `` who is more trustworthy '' , `` who would you like to have a beer with '' and `` who do you think better represent your interest '' can result in a definite answer . 
  he tried to censor the internet and tried to make a law banning graduates from migrating outside hungary . 
  this . 
  what they should do is maybe [ reintroduce a program similar to this ] ( http://www.bbc.com/news/uk-20698098 ) where you capture `` supposed islamists '' , place them in a nice chateau near strasbourg , give them all the porn and pizzas they want and watch them divulge secrets amongst each other . 
  ali soufan did exactly that in 2002 and he was close to finding bin laden before the cia stepped in and introduced `` advanced interrogation techniques '' aka torture . 
  after trump and brexit , c'est possible . 
  for me , i 'll consider marine le pen `` winning until proven in second round '' . 
  so basically stupid hair is the visual interpretation of `` it 's just a prank bro ! '' ? 
  kinda makes sense . 
  [ that 's why you should n't have bombed them twice ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=e-zebwlouha ), 
  also , france 's anime and manga fandoms are less cancerous than anglophone anime and manga fandoms . 
  you 're implying that msf does more migrant work than warzone work , which is not true . 
  they 've pretty much operated in warzones more than refugee/migrant work . 
  they 're in every battlefield pretty much right now . 
  when you 're in a battlefield hospital that treats injured civilians caught in a fight , msf is there . 
  that is their job . 
  um , they do ? 
  msf has done a lot of work in syria , especially with their hospital in kobane . 
  how the fuck can you generalize that they 're doing nothing in warzones ? 
  december this year, 
  yeah remember club doroth\u00e9e ? 
  do n't watch ladybug . 
  it 's going to reduce your uncomfortableness to at least 40 %, 
  france confirmed for saving animd, 
  as an asian muslim who can sing hebrew songs , i 'd try my best to stay away from you guys, 
  britain and europe seriously needs something akin to the amber alert system . 
  seriously , having listened to true crime podcasts , i am shocked by how underfunded eu/britain 's child alert systems were compared to canada and the states . 
  the blind man does n't see . 
  he feels . 
  and paradoxically , he sees . 
  i 'm sir simon fraser and this is jackass, 
  i do think that it 's an inevitable for russia to join the eu . 
  putin 's foreign policy is unsustainable . 
  eventually they will ditch the `` us vs the west '' mentality adopt a more integrated foreign policy . 
  my dream is to one day to go to wakkanai , hokkaido , hold up a telescope and witness the european flag next to the russian flag in the port of vladivostok . 
  i see the sea of japan as the end of the european border , and i do think that it 's gon na happen in a few decades . 
  that 's why they should n't have a referendum in the first place . 
  have the balls to plan everything when you 're staying or leaving . 
  considering how cameron 's cabinet did n't have a plan , they should n't have proposed the referendum in the first place . 
  [ i do n't go to a nightclub that does n't have an exit door . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xy59mr44tls ), 
   39 % of leave voters ( a plurality ) view themselves or members of their family losing their jobs to be a price worth paying for leaving the eu til that british people hate their own family . 
  as someone who works for ngos that deal with transfer migration of refugees in accordance of the unhcr , the solution is to just cut off the cash flow that allows these ngos to make profit . 
  just create an official resettlement and screening centre similar to what america and malaysia did after the vietnam war , and then arrest ngos who are trying to abet refugees working outside the jurisdiction of the resettlement program . 
  what europe needs is it 's own guam and pulau bidong . 
  the handmaid 's tale is not a manual , kadyrov . 
  did someone messed up the russian translation of margaret atwood 's book or something ? 
  isis is closely linked to several other smaller factions that are planning to pledge allegiance to nusra and hts now that isis is dying in syria . 
  that is really important as nusra is picking up where isis left off in terms of foreign recruitment and that hts recently had several isis defectors in huge numbers . 
  launch an operation paperclip to capture as many of these people once they return to europe and then force them to work for intelligence agencies under strict guidance in the middle of the woods like what the us did with nazi scientists and intelligence officers after wwii . 
  yeah let 's take our news from iraq war cheerleaders instead . 
   spectator oh a centrist-hating neocon rag move on, 
  this is the thing : they do n't have a plan in case brexit happened . 
  they should n't have implemented the referendum in the first place . 
  this is literally rick and morty season 1 episode 6 in political form . 
  britain literally cronenberged their eu membership . 
  if you 're interested in visiting france , please visit much of france as much as possible . 
  there 's more to france than just paris . 
  check out lyon , the alps , nice , alsace , montpellier , etc. 
  is it really hard to learn basic maritime laws when running a fucking ship ? 
  owning a ship is not like owning a car .
