  nah , it 's something simple like a free lottery ticket for every voter at the voting booth . 
  yes, 
  this is why i kind of support either mandatory voting or a gamification system that rewards voting . 
  exactly, 
  i think you meant `` the gloriously restored new ottoman empire '', 
  areas stereotypically known for organized crime always voted right , sometimes too right . 
  there 's a huge support for trump in new york 's staten island which is the home of the gambino mafia family ( [ and trump had a long history with those guys ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=owgpcygxjfe ) ) , and sinaloa in mexico ( home to chapo guzman 's sinaloa cartel ) voted for pena nieto , and that place still sees violence on the streets everyday . 
  let 's not forget the russian mob 's support for putin and the japanese yakuza 's link to the japanese far-right uyoku parties . 
  also , i 'm pretty sure the corsican mafia has never forgiven the left under mitterand for the end of tany zampa and le milieu marseillais . 
  the end of the french connection in the 1970s and 80s was an insult to the family . 
  [ this will forever be my fav . 
  meme ] ( http://www.patatozor.fr/wp-content/uploads/2012/04/cartefn.gif ), 
  i think macron learned a lot from the mistakes of obama , trudeau and hollande and when i watch his speeches and interviews , he does n't rely on campaign promises ( which became the downfall of the three ) and he based his rhethoric on john f. kennedy 's `` ask not what your country can do for you , ask what you can do for your country '' which is a huge refreshment from the recent rhetoric of le pen , fillon and the anglophone leaders like trump and may . 
  macron 's honesty and refusal to come up with a `` one size fits all '' rhetoric in favour of a `` let 's work together '' slogan like `` en marche '' is his biggest selling point . 
  i think the problem is parti socialiste and how hollande sunk the entire party into becoming another dishonest neoliberal third way garbage mess like blair 's labour . 
  i 'd rather see hamon running in fdg against melenchon . 
  he could actually pick up disgruntled ps voters from there . 
  i hope so . 
  at least french voters are n't pulling that `` all candidates are the same '' shit like in america . 
  the thinking that a populist hispanophobe and a centrist feminist are exactly `` the same '' is everything that 's wrong with democracy in america . 
  with fillon and hamon encouraging people to vote for macron , i wo n't be surprised if their voters are edgy enough like sanders and jeb supporters and either vote for le pen in protest or abstain altogether . 
  in persona 5 one of the most popular girls to date in the game according to jeuxvideo forum is [ the hot female teacher ] ( http://megamitensei.wikia.com/wiki/sadayo_kawakami ) . 
  looks like i 've found all the macron voters . 
  that 's pretty much my jogging playlist . 
  the far-right/alt-right hates jews but support israel because of it being a supposed `` ethno-state '' eventhough only 75 % of israel 's population is jewish . 
  [ let an alt-righter explain for you ] ( https://youtu.be/rv-zsgb5bpe?t=24m44s ), 
   no freedom fries and le surrender monkey joke i 'm impressed . 
  pretty much . 
  this is basically to strengthen tory control and perception of power within . 
  this is more about trying to make the government appear strong amongst tory voters and destroy corbyn 's labour . 
  if she really cares about brexit negotiations she would n't have hired david davies and boris johnson to lead the negotiations team . 
  sure , so let 's aim for the ben alis before the king salmans . 
  but saudi arabia still does n't have a middle class . 
  well , the issue is that unlike most of the muslim world , turkey has completely embraced a western-style capitalist system since the end of wwi , far longer than any other muslim country . 
  economics is not a zero sum game . 
  japan before the end of wwii was basically similar to a salafist/wahhabist nation in many ways . 
  when the allies had to introduce capitalist reform to the japanese economy , they had to find way to work around the conservatism of japanese society , as one of doug mcarthur 's men called japan `` a country of children '' due to its conservative values set by the japanese empire since the end of the taisho period . 
  due to that , the japanese had one of the most radical economic shifts in its history , establishing its middle class in the 1950s and then fully expanding the middle class society to the whole of japan in the 1970s . 
  the same happened to south korea . 
  south korea was a military dictatorship post-korean war with a very rigid society that blended japanese-styled values with confucianism but also had a christian emphasis on it due to the widespread of christianity in korea . 
  however , it was lbj and nixon 's embrace of a middle-class centric capitalist economy by park-chung hee in the 1960s that helped pave way for a strong economic growth in the 1970s that also helped pave way for the democratic reforms of 1981 . 
  hell , i gave an example with indonesia , one of the most populous muslim countries in the world . 
  indonesia had to adapt to middle class-based capitalism in the early 1990s due to the rise of singapore and malaysia 's economies alongside the rise of globalisation by japan and south korea , and the result was the shift to democracy in 1998 due to the 1997 asian recession and now [ indonesia is on track to becoming one of the largest economies in 2050 ] ( http://asia.nikkei.com/politics-economy/economy/indonesia-set-to-become-fourth-largest-economy ), 
  saudi arabia has no middl class and is home to one of the biggest slave societies in the world . 
  it should be decriminalized and regulated for revenue and health control purposes . 
  i live in malaysia but i regularly eat a balanced diet of french , malaysian and indian food . 
  for breakfast it was croissant with butter . 
   moron alert fuck off with this clickbait sensationalist garbage . 
  what the middle east and muslim world really needs is a non-violent middle class economic revolution similar to that of taiwan and south korea . 
  countries like iran and bangladesh admire asian democracies like south korea , taiwan and japan . 
  and i think that instead of trying to force western democracy , america and europe should be aiming to make countries like iran emulate those three countries that they admire so much . 
  seriously , i do n't know why `` tiger democracy '' has rarely been proposed into the middle eastern by the west . 
  the idea of conservative asian societies relying on middle class economics that rely on modern democracy is something that can definitely be emulated to the middle east , and has been emulated to muslim countries like indonesia . 
  makoto is best persona 5 girl followed by kawakami sensei . 
  that is all . 
  what is `` the underground railroad '' in russian ? 
  my fav . 
  episode of samurai champloo !, 
  the problem though is that russia 's approach to what you defined it has been divisive and while it did sway a certain segment of people , it 's still controversial and is seen as threatening . 
  it also did not provide a healthy effect to policy and trade unlike modern soft power . 
  compare russia 's approach to that of korea and japan . 
  south korea 's soft power aka `` hallyu '' with its cultural exports like k-pop and korean dramas managed to improve relations between them and places like communist vietnam and also shifted vietnam away from north korea . 
  it has also helped improve the south korean economy and help free trade with other nations allowing companies like samsung and lg to grow . 
  if it was n't for anime , nintendo , sony and sushi , japan would 've been seen as `` the losers of wwii '' who would still be reviled by the entirety of asia , europe and the pacific for their colonization of east asia during the imperial era . 
  japan 's soft power has really helped reshape japan 's image in the world from the 1970s onwards from a repressive authoritarian empire into a burgeoning 1st world economy . 
  when people think of japan , they no longer think of emperor hirohito and general yamamoto , they think of mario and playstation . 
  in comparison , what putin thinks as `` soft power '' is certainly counter-productive . 
  i want more of that tatu shit , man . 
   another question i would like to raise is should n't soft-power as a concius effort of the state and soft-power as an independant act ( and not always even concius act ) of those supporting the power be seperated ? 
  well , south korea is one of the best examples of how to utilize soft power for foreign policy , cultural policy and economic policy . 
  japan uses things like anime , videogames and sushi to help shape post-wwii japan in regards to free trade . 
  but south korea takes it 2 steps further and it became an official government policy . 
  the korean wave ( also known as hallyu ) helped use k-pop bands , korean dramas and korean cinema to promote south korean economy , foreign policy , culture , travel , etc. 
  and this basically all the way from the 90s as south korea entered democracy in 1981 , they had a surplus growth beating north korea and companies like samsung and hyundai started operating overseas in order to compete with japanese companies like sony and honda . 
  so the sk government in the 1990s helped fund south korean musicians and filmmakers and they treated the arts industry the same way japanese companies treated the automobile and culinary industry . 
  suddenly you have small record labels like sm entertainment suddenly receiving free money from the government to have bigger concerts than j-pop artists , and the government flies these k-pop artists to japan , china , malaysia , thailand , etc. 
  and that 's where k-pop grew and where south korean record labels grew big enough that they can create stars like psy ( of gangnam style fame ) , snsd and jay park . 
  and the south korean government since the 1980s have been helping to submit south korean movies to festivals like cannes and berlinale and it 's been working ever since . 
  films like oldboy won the grand prix at cannes in 2004 and they 've been so confident with their quality that [ a korean zombie film ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dk48z8vx7ze ) got the official selection from cannes last year ( and the handmaiden by oldboy 's director park chan wook was nominated for the palme too ) . 
  not many european horror films can get that status in cannes even . 
  and thus , this has eventually resulted in south korea utilizing its successful `` hallyu '' as a backbone for their government policies . 
  countries that trade freely with south korea will have tonnes of korean cultural imports in exchange . 
  companies like samsung that operated factories in southeast asia have successfully promoted k-pop bands and korean dramas to that region . 
  south korea has helped fund local channels in various countries to air korean dramas and films in exchange for helping to introduce satelite and cable television to those countries . 
  and hallyu has helped south korea 's foreign policy as countries like vietnam and china are getting closer to south korea and are drifting away from north korea . 
  it also helped encourage korean americans to move to south korea and some of them even participated in either the rok national military service or the katusa branch of the us army . 
  in north korea , the most popular black market items are south korean dramas smuggled from china . 
  the popularity of korean dramas and k-pop was a major factor in north korean refugees fleeing to the south , and is why nk refugees consist more of women and children than men . 
  south korea is a great example of a harmonious collaboration between government and private arts companies to promote soft power . 
  it 's crazy how a strong belief in their culture and pop culture has changed the dynamic of an entire country . 
  if south korea can do it , so can russia . 
  no doubt . 
  but south korea is a great example of how a small country can achieve a stronger soft power than russia . 
  not surprised . 
  russia spends so little on soft power overseas even towards former soviet states . 
  france , britain , korea and japan are arguably the biggest soft power spenders in the world ( other than the us of course ) , and it helps influence things like language and travel . 
  france 's culinary , artistic and cinematic achievements is an asset of its government . 
  japan 's pop culture from anime to videogames to sushi has become the backbone of japan 's cultural policy overseas especially in regards to free trade , and the korean wave ( aka `` hallyu '' ) of k-pop , dramas and movies has become an official government foreign policy in south korea , and much of the sk budget goes to `` hallyu '' . 
  russia could 've taken at least 40 % of their budget from their military macho `` blame the west for everything '' propaganda bullshit and used it to export russian talent , art and culture overseas . 
  they should have not stopped with tatu and night watch .
