  but seriously though , an asean military would be interesting to watch , especially with things like sea of malacca piracy and the spratly island disputes . 
  and it 'd still be more complicated as things like the good friday agreement and the scotland act will be under purview of echr since both acts were wenshrined under european law , and since theresa may wants to take the uk out of echr it 'd result in pissing off ireland one way or another . 
  laws are written by men , but all men have their interests for the sake of their people and others , and as such laws are complicated . 
  so good luck with that . 
  it 's funny how both labour and tory leavers talk about leaving the eu while ignoring about its repercussions on things like the good friday agreement , the scotland act and all the the ftas that were signed . 
  it 's basically equivalent to someone selling to you a nice empty apartment lot without mentioning the lack of plumbing and electricity . 
  i hope bastions of truth \u2122 breitbart and infowars can put the blame on the pedophile pizzas for this one . 
  yeah , i 'd rather have paris smell like piss than living in a city without proper shading . 
  perhaps the fn should [ collaborate with a cult and buy hotels and newspapers ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/unification_church#political_activism ) to generate profit and sell conservative propaganda, 
  good . 
  i fucking hate cars and traffic congestion in general . 
  everytime i go back to paris or tokyo from kuala lumpur , it 's refreshing to see pedestrianisation taking root . 
  no shit . 
  unfortunately he thrives on the toxic british press . 
  he 's the defacto daily mail/sun/express ambassador to the eu . 
  the guy looks like [ john carrol lynch ] ( http://www.imdb.com/name/nm0002253/ ), 
  [ hi michael gove ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gggigtjk7ma ) . 
  i 'm pretty sure all he did was coming up with the ideas and then left when he realized that his ideas does n't involved him at all . 
  i want to sleep with the dogs . 
  good , i always see romania as the next china . 
  a former `` stigginit to the soviets '' communist country with a growing it sector and a capitalist economy ? 
  pretty ripe for success imo . 
  the republic of ireland is a member of the european union and [ they have opposed an irish border as both an eu member and a signatory of the good friday agreement ] ( http://www.bbc.com/news/uk-northern-ireland-36867886 ), 
  i did . 
  that 's why i said `` both of the irish aisle '' which meant both the ri and ni . 
  husband : me think we should buy a computer table , luv . 
  let 's go to the furniture village wife : eh , i heard ikea is cheaper . 
  husband : you project fear snob !, 
  fucking remoaner bitch !, 
  how dare you abuse the democratic will \u2122 of the british people !, 
  it 's both of the irish aisle that does n't want the border , which means that both britain and the eu that does n't want the border . 
  there is nothing snobby about not wanting the troubles to return to northern ireland . 
  it 's a violation of the good friday agreement though , and this might undo years of progress for peace in the ni . 
  the problem is that such assumption of advantage does not work with many emerging sectors like technology . 
  well , it does n't help with the current era of mobility driving employment opportunities . 
  like , i 've seen many eu governments wanting to talk about `` building the silicon valley of the eu / ( insert eu28 member here ) '' and yet many employers in these same countries emphasise on `` skin colour and ethnic origin '' which is the opposite of `` building a silicon valley '' . 
   yeah , i 'm really going to take your argument seriously when you present it like that . 
  have you met iranians and saudis ? 
  i have yet to find a single iranian or saudi person who loves their ayatollah/supreme council/king . 
  majority of saudis and iranians outside iran do not like their theocratic governments which is why they left their countries in the first place . 
  the only expat communities i 've known with the same sense of patriotic defense similar to israelies are russians , chinese and taiwanese . 
   not the point at all . 
  the point is that as an outcast , because of the unique nature ( religion/race ) of its citizens , it finds itself under scrutiny . 
  therefore , it 's incredibly easy for anti-semitism to seep into the criticism . 
  that 's the result of a pc culture that ca n't separate between criticism and hate though . 
  for example , some people could n't differentiate between `` obama is a muslim '' and `` islam has a problem with women and domestic violence '' and that has led to a growth in a pc safe space bubble culture where any/all criticism is suppressed . 
   i mean , god 's sake , are we going to pretend the whole `` arab league '' nonsense pushing around of israel is from some deep political-humanitarian angle ? 
  since when i 've ever defended the arab league ? 
   but yeah , refer to my edit . 
  i had a hunch you were a muslim , they are about the only group ( alongisde stormfront ) to downplay anti-semitism . 
  you 've just lost your argument by comparing 1.5 billion people to a website . 
  of course i do n't deny that , but people need to know that there is a difference between criticism and literal hate . 
  people can not differentiate between `` islam is a religion that treats women badly '' and `` obama is a kenyan muslim '' which sets a precedence for the current hyperbolic pc climate in parts of the west . 
   well mostly , you 're detached from reality . 
  do you think iranians or saudi arabians do n't claim they 're persecuted for their beliefs/religion when the u.s.a or some other western power criticizes them ? 
  lol i do n't even know a single iranian , saudi or any muslim who gets triggered by criticisms of saudi arabia or iran . 
  in fact , a lot of muslims ( except for wahhabis/salafis and ultra-shiites ) hate both countries for various reasons . 
  there 's more love for jordan , egypt and syria than there is for saudi arabia . 
   do you honestly , truly believe that if israel were a muslim nation in the same situation it would come under such frequent scrutiny ? 
  is israel is a truly jewish nation with judaism as an official religion and institutes a certain interpretation of halakha as the official law of israel , then yes it is anti-semitic to criticise israel which would be much more hypocritical as it would set a precedent to call any criticism of saudi arabia and iran as `` islamophobia '' . 
  `` you know , like every reddit thread . '', 
  it 's just a reddit thread bro !, 
  it 's just a social experiment !, 
  i 'm not even downplaying anything . 
  the reactions on / r/israel is truly interesting to say the least . 
  46 % of people thinking that skin colour and ethnic origin is a disadvantage is pretty fucked up . 
  i seriously do not get it . 
  many people got away with criticising turkey , saudi arabia and iran without cries of `` islamophobia ! '', 
  and yet criticising a secular country where only 75 % of its citizens are jews and suddenly you 're an anti-semite ? 
  if anything , greece needs to invest in several upcoming projects that could power greece 's economy . 
  renewable energy is the one policy that could improve greece in many ways and greece is strategic for it . 
  you have a very sunny country with a lot of water and roads that are more fitting for pedestrians and public transport than cars . 
  greece is strategic for the eu 's future as a renewable powerhouse . 
  fillon 's tactics are pretty alien to modern french politics though . 
  i mean , he 's religiously catholic and is challenging laicite which is ironic considering how he criticised muslims for not adhering to laicite . 
  the bbc should continue airing this . 
  it 's a hilarious show and people who gets triggered by it are basically reinforcing the skit 's plot . 
  which is why i 've said `` fillon is basically what trump wishes he could be '', 
  funny enough , there was a [ recent hentai manga parody of the us elections ] ( http://g.e-hentai.org/s/a6b0024df4/1014007-359 ) ( nsfw ) with putin hanging out with a hostess who looked exactly like marion le pen . 
  seriously , if they wanted to go for a trump-like route in france , they should have gone for fillon . 
  successful businessman and politician with a foreigner wife pandering to the religious and towing the putin line ? 
  fillon is basically what trump wishes to be . 
  putin : here 's my dog merkel : you 're trying to be a man are you ? 
  you just abused a russian . 
  you just abused a russian man and you have the audacity ... you have the audacity to question my manhood !, 
  how dare you !, 
  how dare you !, 
  you 've just abused our sovereignity !, 
  edit : [ reference ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rza4dct4x0i ), 
   sweden : gayness and islam  turkey : top holiday destination ayy, 
  but his unhingeness makes him better at the negotiating table in comparison to the bumblingness of boris and the brexit-addiction high of davies . 
  come and check us out at fake doors !, 
  like i 've said , the may government is the most delusional government in british history . 
  the lack of acceptance towards a realistic outcome for brexit will bite them in the arse in brussels . 
  do people seriously think that david davis and boris johnson can stand up to michel barnier and guy verhofstadt ? 
  what we 're witnessing is the most delusional british government ever in public and they 're kicking out the realists in favour of yes man . 
  this is not what a western democracy looks like . 
  this is north korea-levels of bullshit . 
  tomorrow , we might see theresa may 's `` brexit means brexit '' speeches being broadcasted all over britain without the ability to turn off the radio . 
  what 's next ?
