  that 's what europe should be doing : killing off any money flow that helps finance recruitment in europe . 
  and yet , reddit will ignore this `` fatwa '' and thus continue asking `` where r the moderate muslims condemming isis '' ? 
  they 've been doing this for months now . 
  he 's still one of the best presidents france has ever had besides degaulle . 
  can we please raise mitterand from the dead ? 
  zombie mitterrand is our only hope . 
  ah , that 's like having auschwitz inspected for `` the jewish conspiracy '' by / r/conspiracy or abu ghraib being inspected for `` islamism '' by fox news . 
  good . 
  they 're basically scammers of the highest order . 
  that 's like 1 out of 5 people . 
  [ 1 out of 5 people also pee in the pool . 
  ] ( http://www.rodalenews.com/pool-peeing-survey ), 
  to be fair , most radical jihadists are mlm salesmen with guns . 
  imagine getting beheaded with a cutco knife for not joining vector marketing . 
  that 's how i see radical islamists . 
  look , the good response is to tell him to go fuck himself . 
  i 'm as moderate as a muslim would go , and i told fundamentalists to fuck off the same way i told pyramid scheme marketers to fuck off . 
  i mean , an old friend called me after 6 years on a midnight just to promote his bullshit pyramid scheme . 
  you have to be a special brand of asshole to do that , and that is how i see these jihadist whackos . 
  the question is : how many percent of those refugees are willing to assimilate into swedish society ? 
  at least the logo 's nicer than rt logo which is very hideous . 
  putin got flak monkey 'd, 
  yes , but refugees assimilate themselves into immigrants as we see with the vietnamese and cambodian refugees of 1975 . 
  and so did america with the addition of vietnamese and cambodian refugees 39 years ago . 
  those refugees became `` immigrants '' who have assimilated wonderfully . 
  well the thing is that the swedes should ask this question : `` what kind of refugees does sweden wants ? '', 
  america has answered that 100 years ago . 
  sweden and most of europe needs to answer this as well . 
  i think not only should this be seen as a religious , but also as socioeconomic and financial issues . 
  i mean , radical islamism is funded by rich saudis and qataris to recruit members and have those members recruit more members . 
  we should be labelling this as a dangerous ponzi scheme . 
  it is really difficult for religious cults to fight back once they 're labelled as scams or ponzi schemes . 
  it 's pretty much the best way to fight radical islamism . 
  but the problem is that jihad is pretty much a vague term and the quran should n't be taken too literally . 
  like , for me jihad is basically trying to find a job where i can pay my son 's university fees , or trying to organize a soup kitchen in a violent street . 
  that is what i got out of jihad . 
  i did . 
  jihad basically means `` struggle '' in arabic . 
  nothing more . 
  nothing less . 
  yeah i agree . 
  as a muslim , you can not eradicate radical jihad without eradicating wahhabism . 
  just call it `` wahhabism '' instead of `` jihadi culture '' already . 
  and yet some of us read the qu ` ran and yet do n't go around killing other muslims and non-muslims . 
  which is why i said :  they do n't really influence the mainstream thought unless if we allow them to which is why radical islamism is a byproduct of economic relations between europe and saudi arabia , because for some reason [ europe allows it . 
  ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/2du95d/when_discussing_islamism_in_europe_the_media/ ), 
  i 've just given you my examples . 
  and besides , if 2 out of 5 people do have an effect on society , then romney should have been president by now and ron paul would have abolished the federal reserve . 
  oh , and yulia tymoschenko would have won the ukraine presidential election, 
  ah yes , the good ol' `` eurabia '' scare . 
  3 out of 7 is like 2 out of 5 people . 
  and 2 out of 5 people do not really have a powerful influence in society . 
  2 out of 5 americans believe that obama was born outside america , and obama 's still president . 
  2 out of 5 people pee in the pool , and yet majority of the world 's swimming pools are still being cleaned . 
  2 out of 5 people believe that the xbox 360 is better than the ps3 , and yet the ps3 still wins the generation . 
  i mean , there are crazy and stupid people making up a significant sector of society , and they do n't really influence the mainstream thought unless if we allow them to . 
  he got rekt 'd by a woman . 
  that 's actually an embarrassment if you 're a fundamentalist male muslim . 
  yup , it 's basically the stanford experiment example . 
  with is , muslims believe they can get power while being more `` islamic '' than their friends and families . 
  eventhough 7 out of 10 of those in the debate are adapting well in the west ? 
  but seriously , i doubt ukip could win . 
  i mean , the turnout for 2015 will be higher than the turnout for the eu elections so i am pretty skeptical of ukip winning and having the uk leave the eu . 
  i mean , the biggest benefactors of the eu in britain are urban cities like london , liverpool , swansea , edinburgh and glasgow . 
  i do n't see how ukip can gain in those areas . 
  which is why it 's better to see this as a financial issue as well . 
  radical islamist recruitment is basically a ponzi scheme , and there is no way to argue against it . 
  and if radical muslims calls you a racist , then it basically proves the point that they are the same as followers of pyramid schemes . 
  whenever i hear a pro-russian talking shit about banderists my first thoughts were : `` why does putin hate antonio banderas fanboys ? '', 
  as a muslim , i think identifying a radical can be quite complex but it 's easy to see the patterns : basically , it bows down to economics . 
  identifying saudi and qatari funding of mosques and madrassas is the easiest way to identify radical muslims . 
  it worked in malaysia and indonesia , and thus i do n't see why it wo n't work in europe . 
  like i 've said , we need to kick out the entire wahhabi doctrine and its followers out of europe . 
  period . 
  these people are n't recruiting european muslims for a holy war . 
  the reality is that they 're using european muslims as pawns for a proxy war between saudi arabia ( wahhabi sunni ) and iran ( shia ) . 
  the islamic state was basically create to scare the shit out of iran , and european muslims are being fooled big time . 
  if germany can kick out scientologists , then they should kick out wahhabists . 
  rich saudi and qatari wahhabists are profiting from the socio-economic problems facing muslim youths in europe , and something needs to be done . 
  even when such religious sect opposes your values and are using young european ( muslims ) youths to die in the name of their bullshit `` cause '' ? 
  muslim here , have a solution to this . 
  just kick out wahhabism from europe , period . 
  not only should europe arrest and expel these guys , but also close down any mosque or islamic establishment associated with the saudis or qataris . 
  isis are being funded by rich saudis and qataris who are strongly associated with wahhabism , and these same people are also funding radical islamist movements in europe . 
  these people should be kicked out of europe as wahhabists are 100 % opposed to european values . 
  ps : and you know what 's even sadder ? 
  these young european muslims are being brainwashed , radicalized and used as pawns by the wahhabist sunnis for the sake of a middle eastern proxy war between the saudi arabia ( sunni ) and iran ( shia ) . 
  and the fact that europe has yet to address this issue just astounds me . 
  it 's okay to fly any flag you want , but threatening journalists is n't they way to go . 
  i mean , even the wbc did n't threaten louis theroux or lily allen 's dad and smash their cameras . 
  ps : i also love how they also hoist the palestinian flag and a gaza banner , eventhough these people care about `` looking muslim '' than actually helping the palestinians . 
  reminds me of the gay kkk member sketch from the chappelle 's show . 
  just send them to the uk already and let the british have the final say !, 
  they want to go to britain , and thus this should be a british problem with a british solution . 
  the french really wants nothing to do with it . 
  ... because it 's the summer . 
   the alternative would be to holiday home who the fuck wants to do that ? 
  russia does n't even have the different climates that america has , and thus they ca n't pull the `` our country 's too big '' shtick like the americans do . 
  if i were a drunk russian living in a freezing shithole i do n't want to go to another freezing shithole with other drunk russians . 
  we malaysians do know that russia 's involved .
