  you should listen to this : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1wqv_culoba even stravinsky would not make something this heartfelt . 
   agree , and it 's not my point . 
  i just do n't want to see the same result in 2 , 3 generations with some complete retards decide to blow themselves up in my country for defending values they do n't get . 
  yeah , but again most of these kids are narcissistic , selfish and depressed people with no one to look up to except for a bunch of islamists with the editing skills of the history channel and video game trailers . 
  it reinforces my view that we should be reforming elements of french society that allows for empathy building and job opportunities . 
  i mean , france 's unemployment rate is currently at 10 % , and 95 % of all violence in marseille is caused by drug violence . 
  that 's how you breed radicalism . 
  the average fn voter does n't think that an arab man who speaks french , sends their kids to a french school and carries a french passport to be `` integrated '' . 
  they 're just average racists who came out of the woodwork with a fucked up view of assimilation/integration . 
  these are the same people who thinks that kendrick lamar and stromae sings `` thug music '' . 
  these are the same people who came out of the woodwork in 2002 . 
  well we have a lot of successful people of maghrebi descent , all the way from edith piaf to tahar rahim . 
  if that is n't integration then i do n't know what is . 
  besides , the ones who do n't want to integrate should have left france when they could . 
  and yes , the banlieues are still a problem , but again it 's just like america where there 's still problems in the black communities across america despite the election of a black president and the dominance of african americans in business and entertainments . 
  reforming the banlieues requires the same reforms that are needed to fix american `` ghettos '' , which will never happen for some reasons . 
  it still goes against our assimilation policy , really . 
  we still accept syrian refugees though . 
  but what we look for in migrants and refugees that we accept are people who are willing to be a part of french society . 
  we 've succeeded in integrating armenians and maghrebis into french society , and we hope to do the same with syrians . 
  easing refugee rules goes against our assimilation policy , really . 
  and i 've said this before on / r/syriancivilwar that the best thing for assad is to let him stay in hopes of him going the way of general franco . 
  okay , but polls have said that scotland was about to leave the uk and labour was going to win . 
  do they ? 
  i mean , majority of growing `` brexit '' sentiments are basically saying `` i want out of the eu just so that i wo n't hear about immigrants anymore '' . 
  the sentiment will definitely die down once the british press finds another terrible clickbait-heavy crap they can cash on . 
  and again , last few months have seen polls saying that scotland will leave the uk and labour would win the election . 
  that did not happen . 
  saudi arabia and qatar are run by the same `` prosperity gospel '' of rich american south christianity . 
  `` i got mine , fuck you '' is basically that . 
  there 's no difference between rich qataris funding is/daesh and pat robertson funding charles taylor . 
  no doubt . 
  when the rohingya muslim crisis happened in malaysia i said to the government `` you 're willing to set up funds for palestinians and yet you 're ignoring muslims who just live 2 blocks from thailand ? '', 
  http://securityobserver.org/who-funds-isis-qatar-and-state-sponsoring-allegations/ http://www.thedailybeast.com/articles/2015/02/19/qatar-s-a-us-ally-against-isis-so-why-s-it-cheerleading-the-bad-guys.html, 
  yeah , i 'm still surprised by the lack of french education in syria considering that usage of french in syria was not limited to an upper class like in vietnam . 
  le canard encha\u00een\u00e9 is my favourite newspaper . 
  having it only on 8 pages while focusing on satire and serious investigation is great . 
  it cut all the bullshit in favour of being an entertaining press piece . 
  because china is on a spending spree and we 're not ? 
  or why not pay china ? 
  china 's the one who 's developing most of africa . 
  they 're building cities , roads , factories and many more things . 
  have the eu pay china to bring back migrants to africa so that they can work in chinese factories in africa . 
   all these things are already possible in germany but not in france . 
  taxis g7 is pretty crap and the app crashes my phone . 
  true innovation in taxi services requires stronger government regulations . 
  if there 's one thing that uber teaches us is that taxis needs to get ahead of its time and must provide a good service . 
  the eu should be launching regulations that allows for things like online pick ups , credit card payments and customer satisfaction . 
  to beat uber , you should beat uber . 
  i am shocked that european countries have yet to legislate taxis to make them offer a better service than uber . 
  it 's not a difficult concept . 
  just take the things that uber has on their service and put it on taxi services , and you 'll get more people using taxis more than uber . 
  hell , europe already has a better private alternative to uber . 
  blacklane was pretty great and the service is pretty nice , and that 's an european product too . 
  well , there 's fatwas that can allow this kind of shit to happen . 
  i can see a syrian refugee going to an ulama saying `` hey , can you make a fatwa that allows syrian muslims to be temporary christians for the sake of survival '' and he 'd respond `` yeah , sure . 
  whatever '' . 
  that 's pretty much majority of fatwas these days . 
  also , shi'ite muslims ( who make up a significant syrian refugee population ) practise taqiyya , so expect some `` yeah , i 'm christian bro '' from them . 
  that 's for shi'ite muslims only though and i 'm pretty sure half of the current syrian refugee population are shi'ite alawites , so yeah /, 
  the question is : how do you determine if someone is christian or not ? 
  hell , there will be muslims who would be converting to christianity to enter slovakia and then reconvert back to islam once they enter . 
  they can use various reasonings and fatwas to allow that , especially when jesus is a prophet in islam . 
  refugees are not stupid . 
  they know how to skirt around various rules . 
  that 's why they became refugees . 
  well , i tried . 
  france has a pretty underrated tv scene with shows like engrenages , braquo , les revenants and une village francais . 
  i do n't know and i do n't care really . 
  but seriously there are actual muslims who wants to live a normal life and feed their family and seeing them being branded `` cowards '' is insulting . 
  [ this is a syrian refugee selling pens in the streets of beirut . 
  ] ( https://pbs.twimg.com/media/cnryikywoaatz1_.jpg ) is he a coward ? 
  hell no . 
  he 's trying to survive and feed his family , and to him trying to make ends meet for his wife and kids is a much bigger `` jihad '' than trying to establish a caliphate . 
  well , the answer lies on tv licensing rights in romania and whether there 's potential to create original content for romania . 
  here in france , our netflix only offers some canal + movies and france tele shows . 
  there 's a huge lack of french film selection and thus french netflix is meant for those who watch western tv and those who use vpn to get easy access to french tv shows . 
  canalplay has exclusing licensing rights with many companies and some of those are going to expire by 2018/9 so i think there 's potential for content to grow over time . 
  meanwhile , netflix is producing a french tv show starring gerard depardieu and benoit maginel ( mel ? 
  ) , and the success of that will determine netflix 's future in europe . 
  if romania has bad tv licensing laws coupled with an inability to produce content for the romanian market , then that could explain why netflix is available in romania yet . 
  hey radical muslims : maybe some of us `` cowardly '' muslims want to live a normal life and that working 9 to 5 to support a family is a much bigger jihad than fighting for the sake of some caliphate that is yet approved by an actual shura council ? 
  yes , we may be cowards to you guys , but there 's bigger heroism in helping a family than chopping heads . 
  the eu should have its own refugee , asylum and integration policies . 
  also because gentrification involves a lot of rich white liberal nu-labour types , aka those that the guardian supports . 
  the worst part is when bush called them the axis of evil months after 9/11 eventhough iran had little to no connection with al-qaeda . 
  this is gennady afanasiev : https://youtu.be/aqhezus9_ey?t=6m48s he was interviewed by simon ostrovsky right when crimea was annexed to russia the kremlin has yet to announce why he was charged with terrorism , and has yet to provide proof that he was plotting terrorism, 
  putin learned a lot from neo-conservatives . 
  in fact , a lot of current russian propaganda is based on bush-era neoconservatism and evangelism . 
  you get the jesus camp ( nashi ) , the wmd false accusation strategy ( `` ukraine is run by nazis '' ) , the idea of a `` new country '' ( novorossiya ) and the romanticism of the past . 
  i 'm pretty sure there 's more . 
  [ defending the 14th amendment makes you a democrat , according to rep. louis gohmert ( r-tx ) ] ( http://thinkprogress.org/politics/2010/07/02/105733/gohmert-hamas-immigration/ ), 
  we are huge into bande-dessinees and japanese manga . 
  one of our celebrated artists was ( and still ) moebius , who has written some excellent works like the magic crystal and angel claw . 
  he was also responsible for one of the best works in marvel comics called `` silver surfer : parable '' and did a japanese manga called icaro . 
  he is one of france 's most celebrated artists and played a role in popularizing some of the biggest pop cultures in the world . 
  go all the way straight to the bottom !, 
  and that 's why i believe that china and france should play a role in developing africa more in order to stop flow of migration . 
  right now , african governments are inviting chinese companies to build factories , universities , banks , research centers and firms that can help increase employment in africa . 
  this is where european support for chinese investment in africa comes in .
