  it 's obvious . 
  but at the same time , russia has been a huge trading partner for malaysia . 
  and russian tourists here are a plenty in malaysia . 
  this is very complex for malaysia and malaysia do n't want to take sides . 
  as a muslim i 'm pretty sure they rioted just to show off their `` muslimness '' . 
  many poor banlieu blokes are muslims , and they cling to religion to seek a sense of belonging , and thus resulting to showing off their `` muslimness '' , like rioting in support of gaza , joining extremist islamic groups or wasting their life savings and college years by joining isis . 
  they do n't give a fuck about gaza nor the people of gaza . 
  they just want to show that they are muslim . 
  remember , these people are nothing different that the american evangelical right blowing up abortion clinics as a showcase of how christian they are . 
  even if she was elected , she wo n't do shit . 
  she 's pretty much the french ron paul , and hey , polls in 2008 and 2012 were saying that ron paul would get the republican nomination . 
  no wonder finland loves strike witches : http://www.animenewsnetwork.com/interest/2012-02-22/finnish-embassy-celebrates-strike-witches-character-birthday, 
  i do n't know about you , but seeing islam as a barrier to integration is a bit hyperbolic considering that muslims in america have adapted to american culture pretty well . 
  i 'm using america as a base of assumption but i 'm not so sure if it applies to germany though . 
  if people believe they 're so oppressed , then why not be successful to make up for that oppression ? 
  look at the kurds , the jews and the chinese . 
  these three were oppressed by many people and yet they instead use succession to make up for their oppression . 
  why ca n't muslims understand this ??? 
  as a muslim , that 's the one thing i find odd about fellow muslims with this train of thought . 
  there are like much better things to do in life that god would be glad to support you in , and you 're going for this ? 
  also , your parents spent thousands for that doctorate degree of yours , and you 're going to waste it all away by killing yourself in the middle of a warzone ? 
  `` nothing toulouse '' would make for a title of a great buddy cop film starring vincent cassel and omar sy . 
  `` shelling ukraine all the night '' sounds like a disco track, 
  i 'm pissed off too . 
  i pretty much think that stalin was also insecure as well . 
  i mean , he does n't speak as grand as churchill and roosevelt , and that plays a part of his policies . 
  no shit . 
  look at this fucking guy : http://static.guim.co.uk/sys-images/guardian/pix/pictures/2014/7/19/1405726463237/092ef7c1-1cab-46e9-8ed8-62cce18c485b-620x372.jpeg http://static.guim.co.uk/sys-images/guardian/pix/pictures/2014/7/18/1405717289145/a-pro-russia-fighter-hold-007.jpg that guy looks drunk as fuck . 
  he 's pretty much the face of the rebels in this situation now . 
  from the lack of seriousness in his face to the way he tampered on the evidence as if it 's just a toy shows the lack of remorse and seriousness of the `` donetsk people 's republic '' towards this issue . 
  can confirm . 
  we try and stay out of conflicts and still conflicts came to us . 
  sure , mitt romney was right about the most vague statement regarding russia that any joe schmo can say in 2012 . 
  does this poll includes immigrants like the turkish ? 
  as a guy who speaks french just to study in france , i think i 'd have no problems driving around the schengen . 
  ( might wan na pick up german and spanish though ) . 
  yeah , but instead we just let the video stay free to prevent a streisand effect . 
  here in malaysia , my mom is in charge of building a highway to made to lessen 20 % of traffic congestion here . 
  and then they insult her and make a youtube video doxxing her . 
  nimby-ism can get dangerous sometimes . 
  looks like farage 's spokesman learned a lot from the `` russian book of godwin 's law '', 
  i 'm still living in malaysia , but i 'm aiming to get a b2 french certificate so that i can move to france before malaysia turns into an islamic version of recession-era greece . 
  you do n't like it ? 
  get out of here . 
  and that 's why i have a french flair . 
  `` it happened to me at an eu parliament session . 
  most were euroskeptic , but some orchestra got up and started playing some eu anthem . 
  i jumped up and started raging at the entire place . 
  i flipped my shit and started saying every cuss word i could think of . 
  i raged for a while and stormed out . 
  the meps was prominent in the community and there was a lot of people there all dressed up and i had on an old bernard manning tshirt . 
  it was actually pretty awesome , i wish someone would have filmed it . 
  it did piss me off that ukip was misrepresented . 
  the orchestra playing was the last straw . 
  several others had gotten all preachy and shit too . '', 
  i can understand bulgaria , since they have a burgeoning ragga scene . 
  if anything , europe should be america 's rival when it comes to the production of da kush . 
  and if america and europe will legalize or decriminalize marijuana , the trend will soon follow to africa and asia . 
  actually , i am a supporter of maajid 's quilliam foundation and i 've defended quilliam against people like tariq ramadhan and ayaan hirsi ali . 
  for me , i prefer if the west and the muslim world stopped paying too much attention to israel and the arab world and start helping kurdistan gain independence first . 
  you ca n't solve the arab-israeli problem without solving the kurdish problem . 
  if anything , british muslims should be helping the kurds of all people . 
  i mean , they are going to syria to help a bunch of rebels backed and funded by saudi wahhabis instead of a group of muslims that has been fighting to gain independence and women 's rights . 
  / r/godwinslaw, 
  russia is the master of godwin 's law, 
  that 's true but i do think that ukip will see their number of supporters fall once they release a manifesto for the general elections . 
  i consider farage to be in the same vein as ross perot : not enough horsepower to win , but enough to wreck the incumbent 's chances . 
  is n't the ukip vote an aggressive minority that helped ukip into the eu parliament because the actual majority do n't bother turning up ? 
  i mean , around 30 % of people turned up for the eu elections in the uk , and that 's a pretty small really . 
  je ne sais pas , mais maybe cameron is trying so hard to gain the ukip vote eventhough they should n't be worried about the ukip vote at the first place . 
  you know , the hysteria surrounding the european elections is hilarious . 
  i mean , people are freaking out that right-wing parties are making gains ... in an election that only a few in france and britain gives a shit about . 
  i can guarantee you that le pen 's fn will make a few gains that changes nothing in 2017 , and ukip wo n't get jack shit in 2015 ( or if luckily enough , one or two mp seats if possible ) . 
  [ joey barton was fucking right . 
  ] ( http://youtube.com/watch?v=600keysumck ) people being scared about far-right gains in the eu elections are like teachers being scared of a kid who scored high in a iq test . 
  look , you may be new here , but / r/spacedicks is where many top minds collaborate , and routinely outsmart the most well funded , well equipped and diabolical organizations on earth . 
  how do we do it ? 
  top thinkers , experts on every field , unparalleled investigative skills and fearlessness . 
  i would trust a top comment here over pretty much any news source , especially a mainstream source , any day . 
  the french la\u00efcit\u00e9 and the usa 's separation of church & state has pretty much halt the spread of radical islamism in both france and america . 
  muslim here . 
  i have a solution : launch a full on investigation on saudi funding of several uk muslim schools . 
  it 's that simple . 
  these schools are being funded to espouse wahhabi/salafist teachings , and i 've seen it happen in indonesia and malaysia ( where i 'm from ) . 
  also , launch an eu-wide investigation into schools throughout europe that is teaching salafist/wahhabi thought . 
  wasp = white people . 
  and yes , i do n't hate on nigerians i judge people based on their actions , rather than their nationality or their ethnicity . 
  but at least i do n't call for the extermination of a race/ethnicity . 
  look , just because some gypsies commit crimes does n't mean they are not human beings . 
  i get robbed by nigerians twice , and yet i harbored no hatred whatsoever towards nigerians . 
  and besides , i do n't see a differences between a romani robbing someone and an african robbing someone and even a wasp robbing someone . 
  robbers and thieves are always robbers and thieves regardless of race , religion and sexuality . 
  edit : holy fuck i get downvoted for not being a racist cunt towards romanis . 
  [ dats fuckin euphoric m8 ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ildqgfqg69a ), 
  i prefer lazer baguettes, 
  so how will france reduce its unemployment from 10 % to 6 % ? 
   it 's like the russians care more about ideology than actual things that matter and have to hate the west because it 's the `` russian '' thing to do . 
  that is what putin 's been doing for the past 5 years . 
  because russia trying to stir up contrarian sentiments and creating low trust in governments would help strengthen propaganda back home . 
  think about it : why do american conspiracy theorists tend to appear on russia today spouting apocalyptic nonsense ?
