they did but they were a spent force by that point . 
  a combination of unrealistic targets , bad intelligence regarding red army strength , logistical problems , and poor autumn/winter preparation really doomed them from the beginning of operation typhoon ( the push towards moscow starting in september ) . 
  they would 've never been able to take the city , even if they had gotten there . 
  well they did n't kill the same percentage of the intellegencia that the khmers did but to downplay the damage done to educated people and chinese society in general is disrespectful . 
  current ccp estimates place the amount of deaths caused directly by the cultural revolution at 30 million and estimates by other groups go way higher . 
  it was an incredibly traumatic event for the entire country . 
  strategic reliance on export-oriented development and the use of special economic zones as fixes for international capital alongside decentralization of the state apparatus , devolution of powers , and gradual marketization of the overall economy . 
  hes right , the cultural revolution largely wiped out the educated classes , remember china has always been huge . 
  also keep in mind that reform didnt happen overnight , and it certainly didnt happen without a fight . 
  the first sez 's werent approved until 1984 ( 6 years after the ` reform period ' started ) and large scale acceptance of market principles and state capitalism didnt start until after * nanxing *, 
  yeah but how many of them were based on the explicit point of `` saving the union '' ? 
  we had to have a civil war for it to get that way too . 
  like the ken burns doc said : before the civil war it was `` the united states * are * '' now its `` the united states * is * '', 
  see this is what im talking about , once you start throwing out insults your points lose part of their validity since you cant conduct yourself in an appropriate manner . 
  if you want people to take you seriously , present your argument in a serious way . 
  so edgy bro, 
  haha i love how this sub goes through tulip mania style trends every few weeks , stay weird europe . 
  look at his first comment, 
  the ` blanket statement ' was in reference to the original poster saying : * you can see these sorts of events and signs wherever muslims grow enough in numbers to start agitating for sharia * i agreed that we need to be vigilant around people who shown signs of extremism . 
  are you this unpleasant in real life ? 
  i didnt say anything to insult you , why go down that road ? 
  look man , i dont give a shit what you believe , if you want to disagree with economic experts and reasonable people thats your call . 
  if you want to dehumanize millions , thats your call . 
  believe whatever you want . 
  it 's an entirely ahistorical viewpoint that doesnt take into account humanitarian , geopolitical , or geoeconomic realities , not to mention that it ignores countless studies that have pointed out that immigration is almost always good for a country 's economy . 
  https://www.oecd.org/migration/oecd%20migration%20policy%20debates%20numero%202.pdf im not saying that europe handled the migrant crisis well , or that there isnt a lot of work to do in terms of integration . 
  hell , more stringent entry requirements might be needed , but to take such a simplistic and dogmatic viewpoint speaks to a profound ignorance of the subject . 
  thats such a simplistic view of the world . 
  alright man , if you wan na hate 1.6 billion people because of what you think theyre like thats your call . 
  see those are the blanket statements that i disagree with . 
  you 're going to deny entry to thousands of doctors , scientists , scholars , lawyers and all sorts of people just because a few assholes want to cause trouble . 
  its just not a reasonable or humanitarian response . 
  vetting is good , it should be stringent and it should be done well but rejecting people simply because of where they were born isnt right . 
  haha how did you come to that conclusion, 
  cmon man , new recruits ? 
  your lack of empathy is unfortunate . 
  i dont agree with blanket bans , there are millions of good people in mena countries who deserve the same chance as anyone to make a better life . 
  there are also refugees who are running from terrorism and war . 
  integration is a two way street though , i think we in the west need to be better in terms of watching for hate preachers and people who actively try to radicalize others . 
  its a difficult question though . 
  thats a lot of what ifs and not a lot of facts . 
  there is intolerance everywhere . 
  who are you to deny people a chance to make a better life for themselves simply because of what you * think * they are like ? 
  well thats the thing , i would love to kick out the fundamentalists , but how do you do it without affecting those who have embraced their host country ? 
  i 've seen that graphic floating around , its definitely troubling but if you look at the full report http://www.pewforum.org/files/2013/04/worlds-muslims-religion-politics-society-full-report.pdf you 'll see they didnt interview anyone in europe or the us . 
  the majority of those interviewed come from the middle east or sub saharan africa ( page 13 ) . 
  as such i dont believe that you can extend their findings to people living in the west , at least not to that extent . 
  heres a report from the cato institute that argues that immigration reduces radical islamism https://www.cato.org/blog/trump-wrong-muslim-immigration-reducing-radical-islamism, 
  i agree , it 's important not to dehumanize people though and blanket statements do n't help anyone, 
  that 's a sad situation but dont generalize man , people are people , theres always gon na be some shitty ones . 
  remind me when i called you a nazi ? 
  listen kid you can put me in your box if you want , i dont give a damn . 
  the fact is you dont know anything about me ; you dont know who i voted for , you dont know what i believe and you dont know who i support . 
  my original point was one of compassion for your fellow man , and in a funny way you 've shown that you have none . 
  you made up an entire narrative around me , i hope that makes you feel good . 
  my kind ? 
  lots of assumptions there . 
  you can vote for whoever you please , that doesnt change the fact that your arguments are unsupported by anything besides your feelings . 
  the more you generalize , the dumber you sound . 
  does that ratio represent the reality of the situation ? 
  i 'm all for vetting and proper immigration laws . 
  its blanket statements like the guy above me that piss me off . 
  and what 's the cost ? 
  would you let 100 good people suffer because 1 does n't like you ? 
  too bad you just threw away your biggest strength , a place within the worlds largest trading bloc . 
  they can because africa is huge and has 54 countries . 
  not yet, 
  that would be a complete disaster for everyone involved . 
  cutting all tariffs on imports from all african countries would crater domestic jobs in the sectors that are now exposed to global markets ( which funny enough is the brexit crowd ) so you 're already turning part of your populace against you . 
  the other thing is that african governments , especially sub saharan africa dont have the capital reserves to engage in large-scale infrastructure projects , its why they get the chinese to do it for them through commodity-backed-loan programs . 
  very few western banks will lend to them , which is why they turned to the chinese in the first place . 
  so the ` free market ' isnt going to take care of your logistical problems . 
  how are you going to cut shipping costs enough to create incentives for british companies ? 
  are you going to give them tax breaks or some other sort of ` go-out ' measure ? 
  are you going to work through bilateral channels ? 
  africa isnt some wasteland either , theres a multitude of actors out there already working on buying up land for agriculture . 
  setting up this project would take years and without proper management it would only serve to further weaken the uk, 
  its really not that simple . 
  which african products ? 
  which countries ? 
  what will the results be back home ? 
  how many jobs will be lost ? 
  who are the other actors you are competing with for said products in africa ? 
  what are you doing to ensure the creation of these markets ? 
  are you building infrastructure to cut transportation costs ? 
  how many millions will you have to spend to ensure adequate logistics ? 
  as polanyi noted , if a market exists , its by design , and ` free ' markets are never free.will you ask for structural adjustment/good governance/transparency in return for investment ? 
  i feel like if you worked in an exim business you would know these things . 
  i cant tell if you 're just misguided or a troll so im just not even gon na bother . 
  that doesnt mean you understand the broader systems and geoeconomic forces at play , given this africa nonsense and your other comments its clear you cant see the forest for the trees . 
  you have no idea how international commerce works . 
  thats not all he said though , on its own the quote about the euro might look apolitical but the totality of the mallochs message is not . 
  because he didnt stop there , this interview is just part of the administrations attack on the eu . 
  remember last weeks comments on how the eu was all a german ploy . 
  malloch 's comments on the currency , combined with the reiteration of the characterization of the eu as a german instrument and his statements on brexit all point to a strategy by the administration to delegitimize the eu and weaken it economically . 
  the administrations support for le pen , farage and others of that ilk , along with mallochs statement that trump is ` very opposed to supranational organizations ' tells me that this is just part of a larger plan to weaken europe . 
  looking back i misspoke when i said it was an attack on democracy ( but if you give me enough time i might be able to make an argument for it , i do love to procrastinate ) but i believe its an attack on liberalism and more evidence that trump is in russia 's pocket . 
  i wish , its almost just past 5 here in dublin and i have a ton of shit to do . 
  i figured, 
  i know youre just a troll but here you go .
