it 'll be too late then , the time to stop it is now . 
  yes , we 'd still be able to co-operate together outside the eu , and i dare ay that we 'd get along better , and therefore more effectively without the eu . 
  tbf i 'd swap hull for 50 % off all rail fares . 
  mind you i 'd probably swap it for a 10 % increase as well . 
  they are there by choice though , they do n't have to be in the calais refugee camps , they could be anywhere else in france trying to get their life back together via the official route . 
  tbf that has been the our position on the issue for at least the past 800 years . 
  yeah , but the moment their focus shifts from getting to a safe country to wanting better job opportunities they become economic migrants . 
  also there 's the small point that if the eu entered as a country then we 'd only be able to enter 1/2/3 athletes per event unlike currently in which it can enter around 20 if there are enough people good enough . 
  geez , just because we have top secret extra-round wheels does n't mean that you have to get salty . 
  fwiw this is bunked . 
  panorama destroyed this . 
  i agree , if people in those regions want to leave then they should be able to . 
  fwiw i believe brexit offers an opportunity to actually go out and trade with more of the world than the eu would permit . 
  however bear in mind that despite the economic shock , we should at least be able to help combat it using the sterling . 
  why are you so interested in tearing apart my country ? 
  that is bloody awesome . 
  screw it , i 'd be down for watching it . 
  well he 's not wrong about portsmouth ... 
  nope . 
  he 's a self obsessed nob . 
  the elderly are doing amazingly , their pensions are being increase above inflation . 
  wto rules , which have an average of like 2-3 % ? 
  yep , i can see how we 'll instantly no longer have 70 % of our trade because of those mighty high tariffs / s. 
  fwiw a very large amount of ` english eurosceptism ' is the ` continental skeptism ' , broadly speaking lots of us do n't mind the eu in its current form , but we really dislike the direction of travel ( pushed by politicians in brussells ), 
  +50,000 just is n't enough net votes for remain in manc . 
  500,000 lead for leave . 
  it 's night trading , so low volume , hence the markets will react differently , we have to wait until the day to see what the actual shot-term effect is . 
  leave 's lead now is 300,000 , considering the sheer number of midlands and yorkshire councils still to come , and the dwindling number of london councils , this is as good as done . 
  no-one knows . 
  anyone who goes into more detail than that is conning you . 
  usually mid to high 60s, 
  south east may let down leave here . 
  leave leading again , just a few thousand . 
  there 's just not enough london boroughs left for remain . 
  apparently birmingham is very close . 
  not good news for remain . 
  because there 's ~ 33 million votes cast . 
  200,000 is n't a massive amount at this stage . 
  first london borough for leave . 
  remain doing slightly better in london than they should if the country was 50/50 ( 5 % and 2 % better so far ), 
  wandsworth , should be a massive margin for remain . 
  this result was entirely made by the eu 's refusal to give anything . 
  greenwich tctc . 
  bad for remain . 
  wow , first london borough had a big effect . 
  we would n't have voted to leave if the eu had n't stick two fingers up to us in the february 're - negotiation ' . 
  remain was expected to be in the lead up until 3 . 
  this basically . 
  the annoying thing is that public opinion turned when the eu leaders gave dc bugger-all squared in his re-negotiation , that destroyed any trust in him . 
  remain would have got 41 % in harlow if there was a national tie , actually got 31 % . 
  pushing the 150k leave lead mark . 
  remain were supposed to be winning up until 3 . 
  common fisheries policy & eu laws against subsidising steel . 
  errrr, 
  if you 're waiting for the urban voters to save remain , do n't hold your breath . 
  if the overall result was 50/50 , birmingham would got 58.5 for remain . 
  ( the issue is that leave are over performing almost everywhere ), 
  58.5 was what remain would get if the country was 50/50 . 
  probably not , certainly not when the oil price is so low . 
  37 % would be the national parity score for remain , they got 31 % instead . 
  number of votes . 
  leave have won hartlepool 70/30 . 
  well considering that four days ago it was trading at # 1 = $ 1.40 and is currently at # 1 = $ 1.45 , the main reason for the fall is that the market were extremely cocky about the chance of a remain vote throughout the day . 
  it dropped 2 % at sunderland and is remaining steady . 
  bad news for those believing that london will drag remain in front : sutton has quite a few wards where leave are leading . 
  dundee benchmark was 67 % for remain to draw nationally . 
  apparently vote leave have smashed yorkshire out of the park . 
  until the oil price recovers . 
  to put the tyneside result into context , if england was 50/50 then remain would be at 46 % ,, 
  indeed , but the same rumours were saying 62 % for leave in sunderland , and we all know how that turned out ... 
  portsmouth : 57 % leave , southampton : 60 % leave according to the bbc . 
  very not good for remain . 
  nope . 
  rumours with a similar magnitude victory for leave are being reported all over the midlands . 
  it really wo n't be if the midlands are going by the 70/80 % mark to leave . 
  the remain lead in london & scotland needs to be ~ 3/4 * the % leave lead across the rest of the country . 
  we 've still got the midlands to go , which has been rumoured are going landslide for leave . 
  fwiw , i know one person that is voting . 
  remain because they believe in the eu , literally every other remained i know is a reluctant remainer , who would vote out if not for the economics of it . 
  the classiest thing i 've seen all referendum . 
  and in both cases ` in ' being presented as the status quo ... 
  i 'll be able to help out . 
  although i 've not yet determined whether i 'll all-night it , i should be able to bring quite a lot of new stuff to the live thread . 
  why the hell has this been down voted ? 
  as far as i can tell the theory is that since many charities and organisations get grants from the eu , they will be hesitant to bite the hand that feeds them . 
  not a theory entirely without merit . 
  it 's where the phrase ` vote early , vote often ' came from . 
  though i 'd be shocked if it was n't both sides . 
  why should 16-17 year olds have a vote ? 
  i do n't get how it 's anti-democratic to * not * gerrymander the electorate to be more in favour of one option ( theoretically ) . 
  that sub is almost entirely at the complete extreme of brits , the vast majority of uk citizens are as normal . 
  do n't be put off !, 
  agreed , i 've had to unsubscribe because i was so bored of its front page being 90 % related to brexit . 
   i am so tired of these kind of threads . 
  not because of the report cause i 'm not british so i guess it does n't affect me really . 
  it 's the mud slinging both ways in the comments come over to / r/unitedkingdom then , where 80 % of threads are about brexit , and more than that contain mudslinging about it in the comments . 
  unsurprisingly i feel no more ` european ' than i feel ` north european ' or ` northernmost hemisphereish ', 
  i remember reading once that the leader of the boy scout ( oe ) movement in a town was caught collaborating , sothet pushed 4 of his scouts into a furnace , followed by his son . 
  40 % upvoted is pretty impressive . 
  the place must be getting more balanced .
