it 's more like `` this is me in real life . '', 
  which would be what in icelandic ? 
  we do not want more economic migrants, 
  i need to know who the furries in akureyri and the faroes are . 
  i probably know them . 
  good job preserving medieval french then , buddy, 
  how is faroese preserving old norse ? 
  czechs do n't want their children to date at all , it seems . 
  wow thanks !, 
  very interesting !, 
  i had an estonian lady complain to me about being under prussian rule . 
  this looks interesting . 
  too bad i ca n't read finnish . 
  that includes us , i assume ? 
  how are the austrians racist according to this map ? 
  they 're fine with blacks and asians , which are races . 
  islam is n't a race . 
  islam is a religion . 
  how do you feel about other europeans ? 
  it 's funny how the last peoples to be forcefully converted to christianity do n't like muslims . 
  why does it say `` satan va !, 
  regret that rommel is n't in charge of securing the beaches anymore . 
  in english orthography , you have to end a sentence with a full stop . 
  am i correct ? 
  yes . 
  did that contribute anything to the discussion ? 
  did it invalidate your argument ? 
  does it make you look stupid ? 
  why even bring stuff like this up !, 
  `` my chancellor '' is n't her title either , but it is correct when i 'm talking about her . 
  ... which she is . 
  england is not in the uk ? 
  op does n't have a `` weird '' post history . 
  reporting the truth is n't weird . 
  trying to undermine the credibility of the op in order to distract from the systematic oppression your government is guilty of is disgusting and exactly what he did . 
  explain that to me . 
  i never claimed / u/madpally represented all turks . 
  where did you get that from ? 
  oh yes , it does . 
  demolishing kurdish monuments , capturing , killing and torturing kurdish civilians and banning the use of the kurdish language are all hallmarks of genocide . 
  turks have done it to the greeks , they 've done it to the armenians and have shown no remorse to this day . 
  i 'm not going to say helvitis aumingi but macaronic prose has no place here . 
  would n't surprise me . 
  there is a system to it , actually . 
  bedroom-stuff is named after places in norway , livingroom-furniture after places in sweden , etc. 
  we know genocides when we see them . 
  nothing ironic about that . 
  did he stab the fish with polonium-tipped umbrellas ? 
  it 's shameful . 
  [ documentary : stephen fry and the gutenberg press ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8sve2ajqwye ), 
  you 're being downvoted because it is one of the stupidest retellings of actual history i ever witnessed on reddit . 
  this fascinates me , as it is so much different from the icelandic way of doing business . 
  but i thought you guys still had a lot in common . 
  christian lindner : i am an idiot . 
  google probably just hides it after it gets some flags and does n't put much more thought into it . 
  totally makes up for the beef , i imagine . 
  that made my day :d, 
  / u/mightierthanthou might have some insight into the superiority of the american education system , especially when it comes to reading comprehension . 
  the other argument is , that i 'm not `` using '' a symbol by looking at it . 
  i 'm just commenting here in favor of eu regulations and waiting to be lectured about how i live in a nanny state by an american . 
  reporting the news is `` science , research or teaching '' in my book . 
  i 've been able to see it , but i think it is absurd that i ca n't watch it with my location set to germany . 
  there are n't laws against watching a video where someone does the hitler salute ... 
   this video is not available in your country . 
  what a fucking joke . 
  i demand reparations from the vatican for forcefully converting my ancestors to christianity and cutting down donar 's oak . 
   how can you be so cruel as to condemn someone who wants to die to live ? 
  that 's basically the whole point of the catholic faith . 
  sweden yes !, 
  10.000,00 for the first one, 
  very good points he makes . 
  i did n't quite get the thing he said about corbyn , but the rest was very reasonable . 
  just go home , yanks . 
  i cant do ze english good, 
  common insurance looks like a good step to me . 
  i do n't subscribe to / r/de because i do n't want to . 
   the 1990 german-polish border treaty finalizing the oder -- neisse line as the polish-german border [ 79 ] came into force on 16 january 1992 , together with a second one , a treaty of good neighbourship , signed in june 1991 , in which the two countries , among other things , recognized basic political and cultural rights for both the german and the polish minorities living on either side of the border . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/oder%e2%80%93neisse_line#german_recognition_of_the_border in 1990 germany was n't really powerless anymore . 
  right next to noway , jose . 
  if you look at the comments , it seems like the anglosphere is more confused about the term . 
  [ post building in kassel ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/2/23/kassel_postamt_friedrich-ebert-strasse.jpg ), 
  while i think the nazis were the worst thing to ever happen to my country , this still makes me kinda sad . 
  there are nicer religions than the abrahamic ones for sure . 
  i know that and i think that 's why it is stupid to make a graph like this that goes that far into the future . 
  and how many germans / amish are we talking about over what amount of years ? 
  is that also in some obscure place but not the graph ? 
  i 'm a german ( to the point where i could get an ariernachweis if they still made those ) and i do n't look anything like albrecht . 
  how am i self hating if i find this funny ? 
  all i can tell from that graph is that a blue line crosses a red line at some point and that you have no education about graphs . 
  i 'm a german , i 'm not emasculated and i 'm not speaking out against this . 
  why should i ? 
  the video is not making fun of germans , the video is not making fun of attractive blond people , it is just poking fun about the preservationist ideas of some far-right people . 
  that 's how i see it . 
  i 'd be curious to know if you can tell me something i should be speaking out against and did n't see yet . 
  it 's something i hold dear ... 
  i did n't vote for merkel either , am i living in a dictatorship now ? 
   the whole thing sounds bananas . 
  2/10 needs more b\u00fcdro b\u00e4rde, 
  i have and i 'm not going to write a treatise about it . 
  i even considered myself to be an anarchist in the past .
