or maybe latin america , whatever . 
  the point is that they ( the flags ) are different . 
  they did n't even recognised their people captured by ukraine . 
  what was it all for ? 
  as i know russia does n't really care about it 's citizens and expats , so why did they change their mind ? 
  i like the idea , but not it 's realisation . 
  when you try to combine flags , please keep in mind that estonia and latvia both have some kind of ` calm ' flags , while lithuania 's flag is n't that calm . 
  maybe it 's a bad idea to just combine the flags , as they have too much of different colors , maybe it would be better to find something other that unites us in some way . 
  as you can see it 's mostly about the capital ( tallinn , harjumaa county , northern estonia ) , where about 1/3 of all estonian population lives , being the only wealthy place . 
  [ estonia 's nuts regions ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/nuts_of_estonia ) by gdp ( ppp ) per capita ( for 2007 , using 2000 us dollars ) : northern estonia $ 26,654 western estonia $ 12,201 southern estonia $ 11,830 central estonia $ 11,071 north-eastern estonia $ 10,451 source : [ list of oecd regions by gdp ( ppp ) per capita ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_oecd_regions_by_gdp_%28ppp%29_per_capita ), 
  his answer still applies , a joke song has to be horrible . 
  generally we , estonians , can understand some finnish words . 
  sometimes a whole sentence is understandable , sometimes not a word . 
  also it dependends on what finnish we 're speaking about , the written or the spoken . 
  how ? 
  even if a pair got good jobs while being young ( which is rare itself ) , it 's hard enough to look after 2 children , not speaking about 3 or more . 
   simply replacing every new generation with foreigners is unsustainable is n't that what the usa do ? 
  this country does n't look unsustainable . 
  i do n't claim that . 
  i think it 's almost equally common everywhere , but maybe lithuanian police investigates these cases like they 're acts of suicide . 
  to keep a good country good ? 
  would you like to live in the uk of xix century ? 
  it was a good place comparing to others , but is it that good today ? 
  countries should always compete with each other to bring people the best standards . 
  anyway , with low birth rates immigration is really necessary or the tax payers would have to pay way too much as population 's median age would keep rising . 
   autoerotic fatalities are accidental deaths that occur during sexual self-stimulation when an apparatus , device or prop that is being employed to enhance pleasure causes the death . 
  you do n't live in russia ( or do you ? 
  ) , how can you know ? 
  possible reason # 1 : the government , the hospitals , all the people who are obligated to help those who want to commite suicide do n't pay much attention to the problem . 
  2 : that 's how lithuanian statistics interprete various accidents . 
  for example , i heard that parents ofthen report autoerotic fatalities of their children as suicides . 
  2 of these 3 words could also be said about sweden , do n't they ? 
  finally someone who understands it . 
  greece is also behind us . 
  they may yet have bit bigger salaries , but that comes with 50 % youth unemployment . 
  slovenia is already richer than both of these countries . 
  so yeah , the concept of former communist states is slowly dying off . 
  but still , it will take us very long time to reach at least the economic levels of italy and spain , and our current situation is n't very promisive about the future ( slow growth , mass emmigration ) . 
  seems we need a new strategy . 
  we have n't rejected anything . 
  `` the 10 most racist countries in the world '' looks almost reasonable , yet only relevant countries are reviewed . 
  looks completely made up, 
   people care fuck all about money they do n't, 
  i mean that the minimum wage will be more adequate to all the parties and it 's easier to change it 's amount when economy grows or falls . 
  thanks !, 
  so , as i understand it , this system is used to gain more flexibility ? 
  how does it work ? 
  a simplier way will be cancel welfare for migrants . 
  those who are ` good migrants ' could just do savings for case the lose their job . 
  nothing develops straightly , there are different waves . 
  e : by the way , this way of developing is well present in psychology . 
  well , putin 's russia is still much freer than it used to be in soviet times . 
  i think russia ( and the whole world ) will develop each generation , not as fast as the west , but it surely will . 
  maybe one day it will even catch up with developed countries . 
  relevant username, 
  aga and ugu ( with fricative g ) are also used in colloquial russian, 
  so what ? 
  you just discovered there are some nazis in this world ? 
  if you do n't like it , then just do n't go to this sub . 
  [ everything is made of chrome in the future ] ( https://i.imgur.com/ow2c55k.jpg ), 
  well , it was just built by danes , not developed for centuries . 
  so it 's much-much more german . 
  for estonia it 's tartu or p\u00e4rnu . 
  yeah , but is n't it harder to immigrate to the us ? 
  bottled water for home use sounds like a nonsense . 
  it 's like putting a knife right next to your throat and saying ` chill mate , i 'm not going to hurt you ' . 
  median wage is a much better thing to compare . 
   how the hell do they think they 'll be able to properly assimilate this many people ? 
  they ai n't going to do this . 
  most of the refugees wo n't stay there , they 'll be deported back to their homelands as soon as the war and/or other conflicts will be over there . 
  and there are actually less than 1 million refugees since not all of them who have applied for refugee status will actually get it . 
  just an ipad ? 
  i 'd give the lucky one something more significant . 
  same . 
  could n't expect pristina to be in kosovo . 
  * stands up *, 
  yes , have you heard of them ? 
  how about liquid soap ? 
  no wonder they do it there . 
  well , that 's great that there is a dialog between them . 
  probably the same clowns . 
  but still , that 's just one country and one nation . 
  you would only have to place the us itself , not the states . 
  infinite upvotes . 
  i did n't know that , thanks . 
  what do you mean , will i be sad because of that ? 
  sure , i will . 
  my point is that expectedness does n't make anything less significant . 
  terrorist acts in non-western countries do get coverage , but they do not get as much attention as terrorist acts in western countries do . 
  this is about the amount of attention people pay . 
  russia 's safe ? 
  looks like they have mined even the white sea !, 
  so what ? 
  people are expected to die at some point of their life , why do we feel sad when it actually happens ? 
  the fact is that westerners are n't aware of non-westerners . 
  even further - a rare ukrainian russian speaks clear russian . 
  the language they speak is full of regional/ukrainian words . 
  a full hybrid between the two languages is called [ surzhyk ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/surzhyk ) . 
  it is n't fully correct . 
  there are no dialects in russian , but there are accents , although not much of them .
