  that kind of re-education should be mandatory and much broader for all ~ ~ refugees ~ ~ migrants . 
  seems like your favorite carpenter could make one for you for only a fraction of the price . . 
  is that coast guard going to do any actual guarding/returning or is it going to be another glorified ferry service ? 
  people are fucking disgusting . 
  the excuses in the comments are great too . . 
  what do you do that 400km a trip does n't work for you * in austria * ? 
  the us , in comparison , does n't have any significant amount of muslims for that to matter . 
  they are also a lot more picky about their immigrants when it comes to muslims . 
  no , what we need to do is to eradicate any sort of extremists within the eu and stop any new ones from coming in . 
  deport those who break laws and trample all over our countries as if we owed them and end tolerance of intolerance . 
  getting involved outside the eu wo n't do anything about the problems over * here * . 
  with millions streaming unchecked those attacks will not be the last ones and we can blame all our spineless politicians . 
  [ this is interesting . 
  ] ( http://i.imgur.com/m5nvcuu.png ) i feel like those 24 % more income is what buys me the better numbers in the other categories for the most part . 
  edit : [ oh wow . 
  this is just surreal . . 
  factual news that do n't fit your world-view are `` anti-refugee '' ? 
  surely censoring the truth will solve all the issues !, 
  ... the mental gymnastics people seem to make these days ... 
  should we guess how many of them got deported immediately ? 
  this kind of inaction only encourages their shitty behaviour . 
  was n't the program itself plagued by massive cost-overruns ? 
  the space shuttle was also intended to be cheaper to maintain than expendable rockets and ended up more expensive to launch than a saturn v. nothing is set in stone until it actually happens . 
  might *, 
  40 million people minus a hundred thousand is still the vast majority . 
  you being emotional about it does n't change the fact that now tens of millions live in a rubble of an unsafe country which they did n't before . 
  the vast majority of the population lived an okay , secular and safe life under his atrocities . 
  same for libya and syria . 
  still the lesser evil compared to living in a war-torn rubble of a country that is half ruled by fanatics/anarchy . 
  we do n't need three more afghanistans in the region . 
  we 've already seen how well the `` remove the evil dictator '' worked out in iraq . 
  i 'm not seeing any better solution being proposed after removing assad . 
  it 'll just be left to local warlords and extremists if they manage to get rid of him . 
  the whole `` advising '' / funding/arming `` freedom fighters '' in syria and funneling isis towards assad certainly did n't help the region when it comes to terrorism . 
  12 % for austria seems awfully low . 
  do n't kid yourself , they 're never going to leave , besides i was n't talking in legal terms . 
  so they can disappear like about half of the german applicants did ? 
  i 'm sure those are going to be upstanding and valuable european citizens . 
  maybe they should be . . 
   or let 's face it , anyone with brown skin ah yes the race-card . 
  it ca n't be that there is a significant cultural problem that causes disproportionate amounts of issues . 
  / s besides , ** the entire point of the original discussion was if these attacks could have been prevented ** by not allowing immigration from certain places . 
  the answer is yes and even if 99 % of them were the perfect citizen that statement would still be true . 
  the ones that were caused by the children of other immigrants from the usual countries that also never integrated ? 
  the mistakes were made a long time ago and we keep making them . 
  i do n't even see what point you 're trying to make all this time . 
  if we had n't imported people from muslim countries throughout recent history we would n't have a problem with islamic terrorism , what is so hard about that ? 
  you just seem to be arguing for the sake of arguing . 
  and where exactly where we talking about current refugees ? 
  op 's topic was `` immigration as a source of domestic terrorism '' . 
  to parents coming from where ? 
  it 's certainly the sole cause of attacks inside europe . 
  ca n't attack european countries if you 're outside of them and whatever foreign policy a country has , it does n't excuse attacks on civilians - which you appear to imply . 
  cheap workforce , distraction from other problems , misguided altruism , futile attempt to save the pension system , paid off by oil money to betray the native people . . who knows . 
  how should i know ? 
  it 's certainly not because they have the best interest of the native population in mind . 
  yeah that 's absolute bullshit . 
  religiously motivated attacks like these did n't use to be that common in europe . 
  a phobia is mostly an irrational fear . 
  nothing irrational about opposing islam and all the gifts it brought lately . 
  before the whole migration flood started it was pretty much the other way around . 
  people remember . 
  that 's kind of what i meant . 
  changing it would ruin the symmetry of the stars , would n't it ? 
  [ this one just does n't have the same feeling to it . 
  ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/b/b2/us_flag_large_51_stars.png/220px-us_flag_large_51_stars.png ), 
  that would kind of fuck up the flag though . 
  contrary to popular belief brutalism has nothing to do with `` brutal '' it comes from `` raw concrete '' . 
  so doubt it needs any other material to qualify . 
   the term originates from the french word for `` raw '' in the term used by le corbusier to describe his choice of material b\u00e9ton brut ( raw concrete ), 
  i see , though i really do n't think the current problem can be solved without stepping on some people 's toes . 
  as far as i know one-time payments are allowed in a way here , meaning they can build it but not continuously fund it . 
  at the same time they are working on only having imams that studied in austria as well as speaking german at the mosques . 
  the whole thing was developed in coordination with the local muslim representatives . 
  how is it that the rest of europe has n't implemented similar things to the austrian islam-law . 
  regulating foreign funding , preachers and so on would go a long way in fighting this crap . 
  so by how much does the 0.38 % transmission rate get cut and would it inspire you to engage in more risky behaviour because of that ? 
  you know what reduces ( the minuscule ) hiv transmission rates more ? 
  a condom . 
  if you need to cut off part of your body so it does n't get dirty , i pity your basic body hygiene . 
  sounds like they dodged a bullet considering the conditions in rio . 
  i 'm sure there could be ways to accelerate decision making without going that far . 
  i mean ... it took like a year and a half to somewhat react to the migration ... 
  i do n't even want to know how they 'd react to something bigger like a war or some sort of pandemic . 
  what about all the other people that are n't syrian ? 
  the fertility rate of afghans for example is something around 8 . 
  the question is how did it take this long to figure that out ? 
  if the eu is to survive , it needs to get a * lot * more agile . 
  with that level of childish butt-hurt you should n't be looking for rationality in these actions . 
  lol , right . 
  this wo n't target anyone who is n't an `` evil white male '' . 
  anything else would be racist , sexist or whatever else kind of buzzword they have . 
  if there is anything i envy you guys for , it 's how ingrained free speech is there . 
  this is insane . . 
  that 'll go over well with the current border security . 
  ah yes , free speech as long as we like what you 're saying . 
  but would all these things really be needed ? 
  the way i 'd imagine it is that the eu as an organization would be the direct employer of these soldiers , completely independent of nationality with bases wherever necessary in europe , just like the us . 
  it 'd be an amazing jobs program for the massive youth unemployment , could be used as disaster relief as well as eu-border control . 
  being independent from single countries would also guarantee that they 'd respond without any reliance on promises and slow bureaucracy .
