  the problem is population density , not where it comes from . 
  diseases need hosts and the denser the hosts are the more successful the disease will be . 
  something is very wrong in a subreddit if top comments constantly are missing . 
  i 've had plenty of comments removed that consisted solely out stating factual numbers from statistics . 
  because even * numbers * are racist in this sub . 
  facts are * racist * in this sub . 
   when have you ever actually seen someone called a racist , a fascist , an extremist for voicing that kind of nuanced criticism ? 
  / r/europe half a year before the crisis, 
   where could they possibly go ? 
  in the fenced , heated container village with included plumbing that they built for them nearby ? 
  . . but they wo n't go because they 'd get hindered at disrupting the tunnel . 
  a phobia is an irrational fear . 
  considering the beliefs of the average `` moderate '' muslim there is nothing irrational about being aware of that . 
  explain to me again how ideology and religion are the same as ethnicity ? 
  can someone be racist against a religion ? 
  european politicians would greatly benefit from reducing their excessive hitler-references ... ridiculous . 
  there should be an eu-wide referendum on taking in refugees . 
  borders would be shut so quickly . 
  i do n't even know what to say anymore . 
  when the fuck will people wake up and end this madness of taking in completely incompatible people into this country . 
  i probably would have guessed it around 20 million at the most instead of the 60 it actually has . 
  it 's apparently 5 times as dense as austria so my frame of reference might have been a problem . 
  oh wow , i was somehow not aware of how populous italy is . 
  i do n't think a fully democratic approach in military matters is feasible . 
  people are scared , irrational , short-sighted and , as these polls show , inherently selfish even in the face of promises ( treaties ) they 'd go back on their word . 
  there is a very good reason these things are n't left to direct democracy * anywhere * . 
   there was a thread on r/europe that showed polls that european nato countries do not want to defend other allies . 
  the only willing actors were us and the canadians . 
  british were 49 % supportive . 
  luckily the general population ( which was polled ) has no say in these matters . 
  baum = tree, 
  yeah right . . of all the problems that come with letting in millions of people unchecked , that is one of the lesser worries . 
   i actually do n't find it strange when mexicans , italians or the french take pride in their food . 
  which is not what i was talking about at all . 
  again , there is a difference between taking pride in something and self-identifying with someone else 's accomplishments . 
  i know what you 're saying but for me those kind of statements always seem kind of arrogant like the person is implying they share part of the achievement , maybe you personally do n't but many seem like they do . 
   we pay taxes & it 's a public agency under a democratic government . 
  this brings me back to the restaurant example . 
  paying for it makes it your personal achievement as much as buying an iphone or a car , but you 'd never claim being part of the work behind * that * . 
  would you say `` we built an iphone '' when you walk out of the store after having bought one ? 
  maybe it 's a language/culture thing but i always feel odd reading these `` us '' statements even though the person saying it has no part in it , especially when it 'd be so easy to just refer to the actual entity behind the achievement . 
   i mean , like , thanks captain obvious , you 're a real rhodes scholar there standing above the rest . 
  who is talking down to whom now ? 
  just because you read something into my words does n't mean it 's there and no , i do n't talk about anyone as `` us '' if i had no part in it . 
  ( then again i 'm not a sports fan either ) it would be the same if you went to a restaurant and patted yourself on the back for how good the food was just because you share a nationality with the cook . 
  you 're not going to say `` we cooked well today '' . 
  that kind of mindset just does n't make sense to me and it 's very curious how defensive and aggressive you react when questioned about it . 
  any sort of self identification with accomplishments that you had no part in is weird , so yes . 
  there is a difference between being proud of something other people did and acting like it 's * you * . 
  ( also pretty petty of you to downvote a simple question ), 
   the esa alone would have to increase it 's budget by around 321 % to match ** us ** do n't you feel strange self-identifying with your country 's space agency ? 
  i highly doubt the south pole did n't exist `` a few times in history '' given that it 's a solid mass of land . 
  it 's sad to see the eu grow weaker instead of stronger , but with how things are currently handled i ca n't exactly blame the uk . 
  we 're screwed , are n't we ? 
  ( seems like your post was just deleted ), 
  and it 's still winter . . 
  imagine what will happen during spring/summer . . 
  yeah , just throwing them in there also is n't a solution which is why i said `` re-educate '' specifically . 
  this is a specific problem that ca n't be tackled by diluting them into the general population anymore , it 's just too many . 
   are the refugees subjected to some sort of enculturation program ? 
  this might be useful . 
  with many people still believing that all cultures are equal and should never be criticized , i doubt any serious efforts will take place any time soon . 
  it 'd also be very hard to change deeply-held values of older people . 
  the only place where that could be accomplished is school . 
  besides , how would a country like germany re-educate 1 % of it 's current population ? 
  which is funny considering last time stats were posted about it , eu-migrants were a net-positive for the uk while non-eu migrants were a massive drain . 
  perfect , i want that here as well . 
  yay . . 
  lost all my respect for orf news during the migrant crisis . 
  before i always felt they were pretty impartial and objective but now it 's nothing but excuses and sad pictures of children . 
  with all these cover-ups lately i feel like the situation in europe is a lot worse than we 're led to believe and i 've stopped buying the `` crime has been on a decline forever narrative '' . 
  in many european countries you 're required to call the police if you witness a crime as well as help if it does n't pose any immediate danger to yourself . 
  this would probably fall under `` unterlassene hilfeleistung '' or at least failure to report a crime . 
  besides , what kind of fucked up question is that ? 
  if you 're a group of ten people and three of your pals start harassing a woman would you just stay by and be like `` yeah , not my problem '' . 
  even if there were n't legal problems they 'd be morally guilty which is what i initially meant . 
  if the rest of them just stood by and watched they are just as guilty . 
  i really do n't think that 'll be possible by 2050 . 
  they 'll outnumber europe two to three times long before getting their shit together . 
  just consider how africa received more aid than europe with the marshal-plan after ww2 ... 
  africa will have 2.5 billion people in around 34 years . 
  we 'll have to come up with a plan to properly secure our borders sooner or later ... 
  `` skews heavily '' . . according to eurostat it 's 80 + % and not even a third of them is actually from syria . 
  i 'm not defending anyone , you clearly misunderstood . 
  my last sentence should make it abundantly clear what i think of those who can not accept or values . 
   i really would like to change my mind about this but my own experience and experience of other people who travel across these countries does no allow that to happen . 
  why ? 
  people not accepting the reality of certain cultures being less developed in certain areas is exactly what got us into this mess . 
  people continue to project our progressive values at people who 've never been in contact with them . 
  the only way in which people are ( supposed to be ) equal is the law , but their ideas and values certainly are n't . 
  the sooner this becomes the general consensus the better . 
  these people need to be re-educated if they 're ever going to be a valuable part of society instead of a detriment to safety and welfare and if they can not accept these basic values then it 's time to leave . 
  i thought the sarcasm was obvious enough . 
   morocco-spain that sounds like a great idea . . 
  i never said i enjoyed it , i said it was a good and valuable experience . 
  with that logic basically every law that goes against your personal preferences is slavery . . as someone who did the civil service , i think it was a good experience and much needed life-experience for many people . 
  i 'd love to see it happen but esa 's budget is pathetic compared to that of nasa and even they struggle to keep programs alive , let alone send humans anywhere beyond leo . 
  sadly , i just do n't see europe investing in something like this . 
  if the politicians in the rest of the political spectrum stopped pretending issues with immigration do n't exist , the right would n't be on the rise . 
  the way i see it is that it 'll lead to a re-adjustment to the center and more rational politics as opposed to the short-sighted feel-good decisions that have been made lately .
