  i once wrote the ministry of health about the australian approach and they basically replied that ( religious ) feelings are more important than preventing disease . 
  that just reminded me that looking at the vaccination rates in austria is depressing . 
  that 's your interpretation , but it 's not the law . 
  not sure if starting fires in public spaces falls under `` freedom of expression '' . 
  look at the rhetoric lately , clearly everyone 's a nazi . 
  liver damage ? 
  considering how many of my peers regularly got * blackout * drunk all the damn time , this is nothing to be proud of . 
  we have a real problem with people ( even far younger than 16 ) going above and beyond any reasonable limit . 
  it was n't austria that made grand statements of invitation . 
  besides even after shoving them through we 've kept more per capita than germany . 
  never called it an achievement ? 
  i 'd say it 's quite the opposite , but the above poster seems to imply austria has n't done its `` fair share '' . 
  the country that took in the second most refugees per capita after sweden ? 
  adjusted for gains in gdp ( and inflation ) it 's probably still higher than in the past for most places though . 
  that is to be reached by ~ 2022 if i recall correctly . 
  if the point of the map is to illustrate a higher tendency of male vs female suicides per country it 's doing its job just fine . 
  absolute numbers do n't mean anything in that context , that 's an entirely different thing . 
  are n't many leaving because they 're increasingly threatened by a certain other minority ? 
  the nazi card has been so thoroughly overplayed that it has lost any sort of meaning . 
  clean coal does n't exist . 
   forest finns sounds like some kind of wood elf . 
  one step at a time . 
  the austrian one does n't do much for me . 
  personally i find the austria-australia thing much more annoying , though mostly because it 's such an over-used joke . 
  the `` recent '' islam law specifically regulates foreign funding such as having continuous payments for a religious school , mosque or similar things . 
  it further also seeks to not have any foreign trained preachers at these places . 
  if you have no idea what you 're talking about maybe keep it to yourself . 
  do it as austria does and ban foreign funding . 
  across all of europe . 
  and turn it into something other than a ferry service . 
  good on them , i think many people here do n't even know it 's not actual medicine . 
  pretty much every survey ever finds that the majority of muslims think that atheists should be punished ( often by death ) . 
  there is no phobia in being against an ideology like that . 
  i guess the `` tack , tack , tack ! '', 
  on my ikea coupons makes more sense now . 
  how common is it to say `` thank you '' compared to other languages ? 
  ( since it really seems like quite a mouth full ) for example i was told by spanish speakers that in german we say it in many more situations . 
  so just because there were some , it does n't matter if we massively increase the number by importing foreign fighters and sympathisers ? 
  and certainly not * these * problems we 've had lately . 
  new years last year would n't have happened . 
  that 's a couple thousand acts of sexual violence that were directly caused by current policy or lack thereof . 
  the amount of money we 'll spend could have saved ten to a hundred times as many people in africa who are actually under threat of losing their lives because of disease and hunger unlike most of the migrants who arrived here over the past 30 years . 
  it 's failed because the vast majority of the people will not live the prosperous lives they imagined and neither will their children if we 're being realistic . 
  the vast majority will not integrate any time soon and only create more poor people that will suffer the same fate . 
  the whole current policy is not doing * anyone * any favours . 
  we 're condemning ourselves to live with the burden of a parallel society that is an ideal breeding ground for extremist ideas , poverty and crime or just plain resentment while we 're condemning them to exactly these lives because the cultural differences just wo n't allow for any reasonable integration and escape from this on a larger scale . 
  the entire idea that `` at least we 're helping '' is flawed to begin with . 
  we could help * more * elsewhere . 
  we could be helping to sustainably change/fix broken countries . 
  instead we 're importing massive amounts of people and have no sustainable plans on how to deal with them . 
  has anyone ever estimated what the secondary/indirect cost of this failed immigration policy is ? 
  the number must be astronomical . 
  with all the hardware backdoors the us has in everything , it would n't make much of a difference in the end . 
  well , since we 're talking about a burqa ban i 'm not scrambling for anything . 
  also , you not having seen a single example * clearly * disproves its existence . . that 's how it works . 
  looking the person you 're talking to in the eyes is pretty much the most basic polite and respectful thing to do . 
  you must live quite a sheltered life then . 
  salafism , the most extreme and regressive version of islam , is pretty much solely responsible for all the extremists running around , directly funded by saudi arabia and has absolutely no place in europe . 
  considering how much experience the us has with overthrowing governments and destroying countries in the progress , these people are a huge threat . 
  do you not lock your door because someone could break in anyway ? 
  no , because locking it will massively lower the chance that someone comes in . 
  just sanction the crap out of anyone who does n't take their citizens back . 
  i do n't understand the push-over attitude of the eu . 
   as long they are mindful to others vast majority does n't seem to be . 
  from constant littering to blowing that shit towards my face at a bus stop . 
  there already is one as the reply to the same comment . 
  so you 're countering speculation with your own guess . . 
  if you quickly googled the estimated roi of nasa or esa you 'd find out that you 're wrong . 
  it 's always baffling that people are actually superstitious enough to care about these things . . 
  wait , you actually * pass * with less than 50 % ? 
  why are we letting those who are denied roam freely though ? 
  if we confined them there 'd be more incentive for them to return on their own . 
  people wanting to put a stop to mena immigration makes you more uncomfortable than someone driving a truck through a market ? 
  the idea behind modern city planning is n't to maximize the amount cars you can drive into the city but to maximize the amount of people getting to their destinations . 
  reducing and even discouraging personal vehicle usage is just one of the means to accomplish that . 
   i play cities skylines occasionally , and i would love to put this together in a simulation . 
  while i like the game , it does n't model traffic anywhere close to reality . 
  oh please , it went from being far left to somewhere in the rational middle now with actual discussions of problems . 
  it 's light-years away from being extreme right and unless you 're one of those special ones that call anyone who is n't far left or disagrees a nazi , you 'll see that . 
  the problem is that the sub here is n't very representative either way . 
  many of the people who need to wake up are caught in their echo chambers on facebook , or local media that white-wash everything . 
  on the other hand in my personal surroundings people appear to change their minds slowly towards more rational ideas ... which is encouraging . 
  i 'm guessing the mental gymnastics one has to make these days to defend what 's going on are just too hard for most of them . 
  ha , that north/south divider on italy . 
  foreign policy in the last 15 years is the biggest reason from my experience . 
  what other emission-free base load power generators are available * now * in vast enough quantities to cover demand ? 
  you do n't have hydro or geo-thermal everywhere . 
  as long as massive power storage is n't readily available your safest bet is a latest generation nuclear reactor that can not melt down . 
  edit : silence is exactly the answer i was expecting from feel-good politics . 
  coal kills more people every year during normal operation than all nuclear accidents in history ever have . 
  * clears throat * . 
  i like how one of the options in the * official * poll is something that almost got me perma-banned here ( turned into only a 30 day ban ) . 
  i 'm talking about the `` deport all '' option in the migration section . 
  the explanation for the ban was `` because it could be interpreted wrong '' ... 
  right , that is the exact reason why previous solar plans in the sahara were scrapped . 
  the headline is utter bs unless it meant that it could power a tiny fraction of europe . 
  then again , my bicycle dynamo can also power ( a fraction of ) the world !, 
  to stay with your analogy : what exactly is being done to `` treat the cancer '' . . all we 're seeing is a reactionary aspirin handout with some homeopathy sprinkled over it * after * there was a public outcry of just ignoring the entire thing . 
  as if a failed state such as libya could do anything about it . 
  besides there would n't be anyone drowning if the route was n't such a viable and easy way to get to europe .
