i 've read a few ones like that on / r/space so it 's not impossible i suppose . 
  i wish this got more coverage in the news . 
  people should be proud of esa , yet most do n't know anything about it or think it 's a waste of money ( because , again , they do n't know anything about it ) . 
  the only place i 've seen them is in graz at the cafe on top of the kastner & \u00d6hler in the inner city . 
  it 's listed as a `` smoothie '' and costs 3,90 $ . 
  read the label : `` more immunity than berlusconi '' ( an italian politician who evaded persecution/jail waaaaaay too much ) side note : those juices are amazing but horribly expensive ( here ) . 
  well . . put together the total eu military spending is second worldwide after the us at about a third of what the us spends . 
  the `` problem '' is more that it 's very inefficient when every country is doing their own thing and that wo n't change unless something like the united states of europe happens . . 
  so a bit more in total might be good ( or at least necessary ) but i do n't think the eu needs a budget like the us . 
  you can defend yourself without that massive force projection capability and the us probably would n't like it if the eu did build up that capability to anywhere near the us ' level . 
  we can all hope . 
  not to mention the following healthcare flame-wars . 
  the news to me here is that i thought creationism was n't a thing in europe ... 
   well , next time ask the people first before you start mega projects ... that sounds like it was my personal idea . 
  ( it was n't ), 
  you 're right concerning electric energy imports which is according to wiki around 6 % . 
  if you count the energy that we import in from of fossil fuel and the likes it 's 69 % import . 
  no , we actually have to import about half our energy , which is probably coming from nuclear one way or the other . 
  also we built a goddamn plant only to not use it afterwards . . 
  wow that is actually quite impressive . 
  is n't assimilation the ultimate goal of integration ? 
  he himself said he 's turkish . 
  besides no matter what you call yourself , it 's the mindset that 's inhibiting . 
  as long as people keep to themselves in their `` ethnic '' groups it 's always going to be `` us '' and `` them '' . 
  integrate or do n't , but do n't complain if people do n't like it . 
  i think a big problem , which you can even notice in this thread here , is that even if they are technically german many still self-identify as turkish which does n't help them integrate into society . 
  first this . 
   even myself who speaks german perfectly will never be recognized as a `` german citizen '' . 
  then this . 
   of course i self-identify myself as a turkish ... 
  there 's your problem . 
  you do n't seem to integrate despite your upbringing , education and life in germany , not to mention the citizenship . 
  you still do n't consider yourself a german and put that thought barrier between you and the country . 
  someone please tell me they 're returned back soon . 
  i 'm surprised that it 's * that * different from germany . 
  i 'll hazard a guess and say that not * everything * revolves around america . 
  i just do n't get what 's so interesting about that person . 
  . . and i have n't paid enough attention to know whether it 's a very feminine guy or just a bearded woman . 
  * sigh *, 
  i love english and i understand it 's one of the easiest languages to learn . 
  it just makes sense that it 's a ( or * the * ) world-language . 
  that stab at the us was kind of justified considering it 's the only country that constantly boasts about its freedom ( of speech ) . 
  to be honest i did n't and still do n't have any real `` view '' of ukrainians at all . 
  i do n't think i personally know anyone from there either . 
  so the answer is `` i do n't know '' . . i guess . 
  u/kin-luu 's comment is probably the most that would come to my mind . 
   that 's a completely different story because basic german abilities are not required from schoolchildren . 
  that was meant to imply the problem that many children are n't being taught the language at home because the parents do n't speak it ( well ) . 
  does that apply for those seeking asylum as well ? 
  in any case `` basic german '' might not be enough considering the reports of some elementary schools having trouble because sometimes a majority of the new students can not understand/speak the language . 
  if someone is that adamant about * not * learning the language and therefore not integrating into society they should be made to leave anyway . 
  something we should adopt as well but last time i checked the greens were * against * free german courses for immigrants and * for * more welfare ... 
  i 'd guess that at least a part of that comes from the muslim populations which are considerably larger than in the us ( in percentage ) . 
  i 've never heard anyone around me talk badly about jews ( unless you count israel 's politics ), 
  probably similar to germany . 
   ehm , does this mean you hope more people are murdered than we know about ? 
  \u0ca0_\u0ca0 in the sense that i hope the us has fewer homicides than a war torn country i suppose . 
  according to that list iraq ( 2.0 ) has fewer homicides than the us ( 4.8 ) . 
  i guess ( hope ) that has something to do with a lack of reporting . 
  burgenland being a little murdery , do i see that correctly ? 
  i would have put my money on vienna . 
  an interesting aspect of austria is that domestic production is ~ 67 % hydro but a lot of energy is being imported . 
  i think there are plans for being self sufficient in a few years . 
  let 's hope other countries follow . 
  apparently this is the only way to protect people from themselves . 
  i think the dog poo thing is n't universal , here in graz i have n't seen any in a long time except when people pick it up . 
  as for 6,7 and 10 . 
  i do n't think those apply at all . 
  clearly , we need more people who barely have a pulse in politics . 
  what do you think of germany 's decision to get rid of nuclear power completely even though that means ( for now ) that they 'll have to make up for those losses with coal and other non-renewables that are arguably dirtier ? 
  what 's your opinion on the [ iter ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/iter ) project ? 
  do you think there should be more funding to accelerate the project ? 
  bonus question : do you think there is a place for high-end nuclear power if it meant we could get rid of coal/gas etc. 
  tackling the world 's * real * problems . 
  there are no tips in the czech republic ? 
  i do n't know why you keep bringing up the us . 
  ( it only leads to those senseless dick-measuring contests as the other person that replied to you clearly demonstrates . . sigh ) if i 'm not mistaken the subject was european research/funding . 
  anyway i fully agree with the rest of your post . 
  uhm , care to explain what you 're even talking about ? 
  are you referring to cern ? 
  what does that have to do with anything ? 
  all i was saying is that they are working and getting closer to making fusion a reality . 
  iter is the test-reactor and it should have more funding so it does n't take until 2027 . 
  edit : i 'd also like to know why you think it 's okay to personally attack me . 
  i 'm not even sure what caused that nationalistic outburst of yours . 
  well , the eu is home to [ iter ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/iter ) . 
  it 's way behind schedule though and what a surprise : also laughably underfunded . 
  i wish research had a higher priority . 
  the esa budget is tiny anyway , they 'd deserve more . 
  never seen that in my life , until now . 
  i personally would n't mind if we missed the two-digit-minus \u00b0 c weeks this year . 
  the be fair , there are a few other countries with german as the native language . 
  how about you work on your reading comprehension . 
  it clearly states top ** minority ** languages . 
  and monaco . . are we running out of micro-states now ? 
  missed lichtenstein and andorra =p, 
  positively surprised how known austria is . 
  nice to see austria in there . 
  i wondered for a while how much defense capability europe has when it comes to ballistic missiles . 
  is there any at all ?
