  if we had never helped anyone the number of people who drowned would probably be less than it is now with thousands trying to make the trip every day . 
  seriously ? 
  we should just let everyone who wants to cross god knows how many borders into europe , coming from god knows where , do however they damn well please ? 
  if they are actual refugees looking for safety from prosecution/war , they can endure being processed through a proper screening procedure while being fed , housed and paid an allowance . 
  nobody has the * right * to just walk in and do as they please . 
  additionally weeding out high risk individuals would be a service to actual people in need since it wo n't give them as much of a bad reputation . 
   no problem with using the navy for helping people in need . 
  that help still should n't mean picking people up a couple hundred meters from the coast of libya * and then * ferrying them to europe . 
  prevention instead of reaction . 
  only properly screened migrants should be allowed to roam freely . 
  much tougher consequences for people who are caught committing these crimes - zero tolerance and instant denial of asylum plus deportation as soon as possible . 
  that includes bystanders who just let it happen . 
  nothing like fighting the symptoms instead of the cause . 
  but i guess this time around there will be zero tolerance since they ca n't afford it politically . 
  . . or they 'll just try harder to hide it this time around . . 
   eu should start imposing tough economic sanctions on countries refusing to take back their own citizens . 
  i really do n't understand how that has n't happened yet . 
  there should be plenty of ways to force them back . 
  even up to `` we 'll come over and make you '' . 
  do you need more mass to bring up the iss or to return from it ? 
  how is this even a question , of course the return trip is less mass intensive - you 're not going to bring your entire moon/mars base home with you , but you sure as hell are going to have to bring it . 
   quite the contrary , they are next to places that always get sun ( peaks of eternal light ) . 
  yes and in those places you 'll find absolutely no water and despite what you said , it 's not realistic to bring all of it with you . 
   you know what is science fiction ? 
  manned mission to mars . 
  while there were several missions to the moon decades ago . 
  that alone is the biggest argument in favor of the moon , that trumps all others . 
  we can actually attempt to colonize the moon in the next decade , it is mostly a question of political will , not technology . 
  when it comes to mars , even if we commit to that goal , the best we can hope for is a manned `` flag and footprints '' mission 30 years in the future , and even that may end up in costly failure . 
  the moon missions have nothing in common with what 's needed for colonization or just landing again . 
  a metal can running on oxygen candles and smelling like a sewer is n't going to happen again . 
  all in all the trl for technology that 's needed to get to mars is basically there already as in decades . 
  helium 3 fusion is nowhere near that , get real . 
   i see no strong reason why nuclear rtgs can not happen . 
  because you can not run an inhabited base on a couple hundred watts of energy and do n't even start on scaling an rtg up , there is nowhere near enough plutonium on the planet to run something like the iss let alone a moon base . 
  what 's the point of that remark ? 
  the human return craft would n't weigh much compared to the mass of the entire base that you 'll have to bring . 
  and if you 're `` counting it twice '' you 'll have the energy plus/malus of bringing it down and the energy plus/malus of bringing it up for each respective place . 
   how is this relevant ? 
  it 's not like astronauts will take off their helmets and take a deep breath on either . 
  for the same reason the apollo astronauts had big issues with it . 
  you bring the suit inside , you bring the microscopic dust inside . 
  ( and yes there are concepts to attach suits to the outside of airlocks but that 's what they are , concepts ) apart from that it shreds the fabric of your suits and wears down anything else it comes into contact with , such as machinery . 
   both surfaces have bad enough radiation that for long-term habitation , people have to live a couple of meters underground . 
  so in practice that wo n't matter . 
  ever seen the iss on the outside ? 
  the radiation does n't only destroy living tissue , but also metal hulls and electronics . 
  much of which you wo n't be able to bury like your rovers and solar panels . 
  also , the radiation on the surface of mars is extremely exaggerated and not that much at all not even close to the moon . 
  look it up . 
  what do you think matters more if you 're planning on building a colony on the moon ? 
  the mass of everything that you have to land such as equipment , resources , people , vehicles , anything basically or the couple of humans that you have to return to earth ? 
  the mass balance for up/down is not equal . 
  those are some terrible `` rebuttals '' combined with a disconnect with reality . 
   kills you all the same the regolith matters not only for health , but also for wear and tear of mechanical devices or in other words - economics since you 'll have to replace things . 
  how fast it kills you probably also matters . 
  if i gave you the option to inhale some fiber glass or some ordinary dust , which would you choose ? 
   so is on iss . 
  we managed . 
  the iss is the single most expensive object humanity has every built and supports a whooping 10 people at the most and will die of metal fatigue in less than three decades ( of total age ) exactly because the environment is that harsh . 
  good luck sustaining a colony on the moon with that turn-over . 
  also in further comparison with the iss , go look up how much you can deliver with the same rocket to low earth orbit and how much that same one can deliver to the moon and tell me if you start caring about energy efficiency . 
   neither does sweden . 
  we managed . 
  sweden does n't have to entirely rely on solar power . 
  and before you say `` nuclear on the moon '' , it 's not going to happen any time soon because of international regulations and public support . 
   water is much more easily transported onto moon . 
  and mining water from polar ice capes is currently proper sci-fi . 
  getting it from lunar crates is even there easier . 
  you can get water anywhere on mars , while on the moon it 's only in some craters on the poles that never get sun . 
  ( which does n't help you with getting power ) extreme difference in availability and quantity . 
   he-3 is easily avaliable on moon surface , element that will in future be next oil now we 're going into science fiction . 
  we ca n't even do hydrogen fusion and you 're talking about he3 , seriously ? 
  not going to happen any time soon and even then it has to be seen if it 's even economical instead of just running hydrogen fusion , the fuel for which we can get right here on earth . 
  the co2 mining is interesting for things that are already reality , such as making methane fuel and oxygen . 
   while any astronaut receives much greater share of rad exposure on 6 months trip to mars , than onto moon . 
  3-6 months trip and unless you factor in how much time you spend on mars/moon you ca n't really make a definitive statement . 
  for long term stays mars would definitely win because of its atmosphere and distance to the sun . 
   only by 20 percent earth gravity difference . 
  at the end of the day , not healthy to live on any because of your musceles and bones . 
  there is actually * no * research available showing if partial gravity can or can not mitigate bone loss or muscle atrophy and if so , what 's the threshold . 
  but your chances are probably a lot better in a third g than in a sixth g. 
  you do n't have an atmosphere on the moon to slow you down which makes a big difference while the energy required to escape earth orbit towards the moon or mars is practically the same . 
   as someone who knows little about about that . . * it takes more energy to land on the moon than on mars * the martian regolith is sharp and terrible for your lungs but the moon 's is worse * the temperature differentials are much much larger on the moon * the moon does n't have a 24h day/night cycle * water is much more easily available on mars * the co2 in mars ' atmosphere could be mined * radiation exposure is worse on the moon 's surface * mars has twice the gravity of the moon so it 's probably healthier to live long term the things the moon has going for it are shorter distance of travel , less energy to orbit and an always available return window . 
  still trying to do the whole pseudo-neutrality thing i guess . . 
  oh wow , i always assumed that was a german show . 
  the frontex ferry service in front of the libyan coast definitely helps though . 
  good thing we 're not busy importing millions of additional unemployable people . 
  are n't different retirement ages fairly common in the eu ? 
  it 's 65 for men and 60 for women here . 
   sea was first converted to a fresh water lake how exactly did they get rid of the salt ? 
  a huge portion of the migrants are n't syrians though . 
  arrest them all for trafficking . 
  here we pay the ones that leave voluntarily . . sad state of affairs but apparently it 's more important to not get called racist by some ngo . 
  hope they 're willing to go further if this does n't work . 
   my family lived in austrian part so thanks cunts i 'm sure he was personally involved in that . 
  me too for that matter . . / s, 
  waiting to see if they are going to persecute and punish their own manufacturers that got caught cheating the same way . 
  it is called the `` islam law '' and was created in cooperation with some leading austrian muslim society . 
  i do n't know the full details but i 'm rather certain it specifically targets them .
