  i wonder where the huge difference between austria and germany comes from , since we 're culturally similar i 'd say . 
  side note : i need to go to sweden . 
  the saudi-funded hate preachers in mosques all over europe plus the saudi-funded islamic schools probably do n't help either . . 
  hey , at least it takes some of the burden off of austria until they finally realize to shut the damn borders . 
  . . hopefully . 
  implying germany 's policy makers are thinking rationally lately . . 
  not collectively , but it 's quite clear how much power the arms industry has . 
  looking at what i 've read about certain super pacs and lobbyists in the past . . 
  besides i highly doubt trade with a stable middle east outweighs what some people can make off of arms deals and bombing runs . 
  you 'd think after about 70 years worth of forced regime changes and interventions that mostly made things worse ( for the locals ) around the world , people would be better at guessing the outcome . . 
  the chaos was at the very least a known side-effect , if not the main purpose . 
  this is pathetic . 
   andwhat qualifications would you suggest are approriate for a leader , a f\u00fchrer of a country ? 
  apart from law and political science , what credentials fit for a non-specialised field of a chancellory ? 
  exactly law , political science , history , economics or other previous experience in leading successfully on a larger scale . 
  career politicians with no higher education * and * no accomplishments in * any * field besides cosying their way up a party since their youth have no place in leading a country . 
   lets not forget who is an elitist who disqualifies the majority of the citizenry of a democratic republic to hold office . 
  yes exactly , people can be a lot of things but i highly doubt * most * ( me included ) are capable to properly lead a country . 
  such a burden should be carried by exceptional people , which faymann often demonstrated that he clearly is n't . 
  and to answer your last question : you accuse me of elitism ( and possibly nazism ? 
  . . f\u00fchrer , haha ) while acting like an arrogant prick , doing child-like imitations and talking down to me . 
  reading things into my posts that are n't even there . . you 're an arrogant , ignorant and presumptuous asshole , that 's what you are . 
  the `` discussion '' ends here . 
  i 'm sorry i 'd prefer a leader who has some qualifications that go beyond finishing high school and dropping out of his political science entry course . 
  i do n't have problems with these professions but they do n't have any place in leading a fucking country . 
  next time you need a surgery are you going to take a random person from the streets or are you going to go for the person with some proper medical background ? 
  the rest of the brainless drivel you wrote reflects exactly the kind of person you are and how qualified you are in judging others . 
  we should n't expect too much from an uneducated person such as faymann . 
  ( other than finishing high school his only credentials are his past as a cab driver . ), 
  still embarrassing . 
   and / u/nuke _ europe damn if that is true he got me good . . some of the things that were written under that account were more than enraging . 
  uhm what lie exactly would that be ? 
  i recall a certain leader basically inviting all syrians . 
  considering all european countries spend in total about a third of what the us does , with nowhere near a third of the equipment it 'd probably at least make economic sense . 
  but i think we 're not ready for that yet . 
  germany called for them and now we have to take them ? 
  great . 
  lol , once they arrive in sweden and see it is n't the paradise what they expected , what will they do ? 
  especially with winter arriving will they start running in the other direction again ? 
   maybe , but it does n't matter . 
  oh it matters a lot if this is supposed to be sustainable . 
  integration of that particular culture has generally failed and unless you 're looking to create separate societies within a country this is a big issue . 
   foremost they are humans looking for help . 
  if that was the only agenda they would n't start rioting when they do n't get to go to the country of their choice . 
  further if you call what 's happening already in parts of france with huge immigrant ghettos `` a little discomfort '' i urge you to visit those places and get a reality check . 
  as long as we do n't have proper systems to integrate these people this can only end badly . 
  i 'm saying back then when it was them who were war refugees it was n't as big of a problem because they already shared a lot of the culture/values . 
  this time you 'll have people who are as culturally different as possible , many of whom would qualify ( mildly put ) as ultra-conservative by our standards and do n't want anything to do with western culture . 
  i do n't think people from the balkans are comparable to . . this . 
  all the other times europe defended itself instead of bending down ... 
  not wanting refugees has exactly nothing to do with racism . 
  the downside of winning the culture victory i guess , but i agree , no matter where you go on reddit there 's always someone making it about the us ( americans and non-americans alike ) . 
  followed by ten more people being offended by it . . 
  i 'm not the same person that you originally replied to , just making a guess here . 
  and i 'm not saying we need all these things but it seems like we 're getting a lot less for half the budget of the us . 
  half is definitely right while i do n't know about the 15 % . 
  though if you look at how europe does n't have a huge arsenal of icbms , aircraft-carriers , massive fleets of airplanes , etc it seems about right . . we do n't even have a proper european missile defense . . 
  i 'm saying racism is the wrong word for it . 
  last time i checked we were all pretty much the same race in europe ... 
  stupid name calling and broad generalizations ? 
  check !, 
  you 're clearly the better person here . 
  i 've had plenty of people on this site tell me how racism is * much * worse in europe and how it 's not a problem there anymore . 
  might be the vocal minority but i do n't think there is much difference ( well that might depend on which european country/us-state we 're talking about ) . 
  it seems the majority consensus amongst many americans is that europe is some sort of racist cesspool in comparison which i do n't think applies . 
  an american talking about other countries ' nationalism as a problem , that 's rich . 
  further , you 're probably also one of those guys who thinks the us has * solved * racism and is completely free of it . . while reddit is full of americans acting as if they were some sort of chosen people that are better than * anybody * else . 
  anyway , if this all was about racism i wonder why nobody ever says a bad word about asians or many other ethnic groups . 
  this is about shitty culture , which africa and the middle east have plenty to offer of . 
  incidentally those are also the places where most of the people who cause problems here come from . 
  because things are n't yet dire enough to make use of it . 
  i missed the `` parliamentary seats '' bit in the last one and was quite baffled for a while . . time for bed . 
  sooner or later we 'll have to pay for basing everything on infinite ( = unsustainable ) growth and adapt . 
  you mean afghans ? 
  no idea . 
  my guess would be that word finally got around that it 's easier to go through libya after gaddafi 's fall . 
  [ the number of migrants coming from libya spiked sixfold after that happened . 
  ] ( http://ichef.bbci.co.uk/news/660/media/images/70473000/gif/_70473815_mediterranean_migration_routes_624.gif ), 
  http://www.economist.com/blogs/economist-explains/2015/05/economist-explains-6  ** where are most migrants coming from ? 
  ** the make-up of the flows has changed over the years . 
  migrants currently come mainly from west africa , the horn of africa and , since 2013 , syria . 
  last year , according to the unhcr , 31 % of arrivals were syrians , and 18 % were fleeing eritrea . 
  ** so far this year the flow to italy is dominated by migrants from the gambia , senegal and somalia . 
  ** there are routes through the sahara from both west africa and the horn of africa ; there are also some routes along the mediterranean coast . 
  for many of the communities along the way the traffic in would-be migrants is now a dominant part of the local economy . 
  ( story continues below the chart ), 
  most of these are economic migrants . 
  ffs . . ca n't erdogan finally have an `` accident '' ? 
  . . not that i think those sanctions will actually affect austria in any significant way . 
  i wonder when austria will finally adopt laws that are n't akin to a third world country as regards smoking ... 
  i wonder how many centuries it 'll take until they 're all gone . 
  even in the relatively small city of graz here they have to use ground radar every time something is being built in the inner city . 
  anecdotally speaking 18 % seems rather low and i 'm noticing more and more how many seriously fat people are around , especially kids though . 
  less does n't mean none . 
  i love all the creative interpretations this has gotten so far . 
  i did n't say anything about the fairness of it or anything else . 
  do n't read things into my post that are n't there . 
  the * only * thing i said is that there are probably less tensions between more similar cultures/people . 
  probably leads to less tensions though when the culture/religion etc is more similar . 
  why be complacent just because somebody else has it worse ?
