  i wonder if something like a common self defence force would be a possible intermediate step . 
  those wanting to project power could still do so with additional troops at their own expense . 
  of course a unified foreign policy would be ideal but . . one step at a time . 
  which is why the population is n't asked for such matters . 
  it varies a lot between songs . 
  there might be some that are more of what you want . 
  [ within temptation \\ ( not the last ~ two albums though \\ ) . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hrvn4closf8 ) especially the black symphony stuff uses a huge live orchestra and is quite amazing . 
  there 'd still be millions of potential low-pay workers with more compatible culture on this planet , why exactly the poorest of the poor from mena countries though ? 
  unless it 's for some really big boats to send them all back i do n't have much trust in this proposal . 
   so why didnt this happen largescale ? 
  because our politicians are incompetent and short sighted . 
  also , if sitting in one of these camps with free food , clothing , housing and so on for a few months is so bad , maybe these people do n't need our help so much after all . 
  you 'd think someone supposedly coming from a warzone ( spoiler : most did n't ) would be happy being safe . 
  does n't change a thing i said though . 
  in any case it should n't have been left up to the migrants to decide to go wherever they want in europe . 
  they could also have been easily confined to camps and further distributed through official channels * after * proper screening , fingerprinting etc. 
  empty words either way . 
  every single `` refugee '' that came here is , in the broader sense , an economic migrant . 
  nobody had to flee italy , hungary or any of the numerous * safe * countries on the way . 
  yet we accepted the second most per capita in all of europe . . 
   but economic migrants should be turned down type of guy i 'll believe it when i see it . 
   because europe , as a whole , has no defense budget . 
  so i was treating europe as a single country like an ignorant american . 
  europe , as a whole , is the second biggest spender on military after the us and before china and russia . 
  ignorant alright . 
  i think many people would actually agree with that . 
  that 's about as realistic as saying we should end world hunger and poverty in the near future . 
  the institutions to provide more than a million almost illiterate people that do n't speak the local language with `` the same opportunities and education '' simply do n't exist in that capacity which is why selection is necessary . 
  you need to look at the world how it is , not how it should be if it were perfect . 
  it 's not , it 's very far from that . 
  there is a place for idealism but decisions like that are n't it . 
  you also did n't answer how * i * lack realism . 
   some realism ? 
  i wasnt the one praying the world the `` we can manage it '' nor demanding the `` you must manage too '' . 
  not even sure what you 're trying to say here . 
  you 're still not offering a better solution , you 're only complaining about what i said with no arguments that do n't boil down to `` it 's bad because it 's bad '' . 
   want to complain about realism ? 
  your house seems like a great place to start . 
  is that some sort of attempt at insulting me ? 
  what realism do i lack ? 
  i love all this moral superiority without actually contributing anything . 
  you have nothing to offer except `` oh it 's fine , there are infinite resources to throw at them , no problem at all '' . 
  how about some realism ? 
  ugh , if you want to say something say it without the passive aggressive arrogance . 
  you did that three times now without actually adding anything to the conversation . 
   separate people by qi test results is as rational as separating them by color of skin since qi test results have doubtful scientific value . 
  their scientific value may have decreased over time but they are n't meaningless . 
  besides we do n't know what kind of test exactly it 's going to be , considering they 're talking about finding talents . 
  there are tests to get into jobs , schools and colleges and many other things . 
  should everyone be able to be a pilot ( hyperbole ) ? 
  of course not , that 's a very small group of people . 
   and there is arguable justice in providing some people with better opportunities than the others . 
  everyone should be allowed to pursue the same kind of education . 
  i agree that this is the ideal we should strive for , but realistically you ca n't treat everyone the same unless everyone * is * the same . 
  people have different talents , ambitions and interests and some are smarter than others , that 's just how it is . 
  the article is talking about around 700 people for this program so they have to be selective somehow and picking those that are most suited is n't a bad way to go . 
  if you call separating people in to specific groups based on rational factors `` segregation '' , your whole life is full of it . 
  we `` segregate '' children by age in schools , we segregate sports teams by gender ( because of obvious biological differences ) , we segregate prisoners by degree of crime , we segregate the sick by the amount of care they need ... the list is endless . 
  throwing a historically loaded term at it without putting forth any argument does n't add anything to the conversation . 
  we ca n't all live in an idealistic bubble . 
  what ? 
  do you think places like austria or germany have the resources to train uneducated barely literate people that amount to something like 1 % of their respective population ? 
  even if money were n't an issue you 'd still need people/facilities to teach them . 
  and that does n't even consider if they 're willing to be taught at all . 
  if they want to spend money training people , they 'll better spend it on those that show some promise , would n't you agree ? 
  too many suddenly appeared to spend on all of them equally . 
  [ plenty of data available already . 
  ] ( https://www.google.com/search?q=world+iq+map&amp;client=firefox-b-ab&amp;source=lnms&amp;tbm=isch&amp;sa=x&amp;ved=0ahukewi31fuqpohmahvhvbqkhv3qdesq_auibygb&amp;biw=1425&amp;bih=828#imgrc=_ ) the only thing controversial are the causes . 
  the `` funny '' thing is that we 'll still pretend they 'll become part of a skilled workforce even though areas like sub-shara africa * on average * score so low , it 'd be considered a medical condition if you got the same results from someone from here . 
  that 's why multiculturalism in a broader sense does n't work . 
  especially when values are directly opposed we 're back at the tolerance of intolerance issue . 
  i disagree . 
  the average height between ages 18-30 would be interesting . 
  at least in my circles 1.79 seems to be on the low side . 
   do you think eu is not stuffing animals with antibiotics that practice was outlawed and antibiotics can only be applied for actual medical reasons . 
  the point is that these things should n't be necessary and now suddenly are . 
  and my original point was that the whole mass migration over the past thirty years ( bc it 's mostly second generation doing these things ) has incurred a massive `` hidden '' cost . 
  from increased police/security spending to little things like these bollards - the sum is unimaginable . 
  ca n't remember the last time a drunk driver tried to mop up a pedestrian street while these attacks seem to occur every other week now . 
  if it had been that much of an issue before there 'd already be bollards everywhere . 
  what kind of excuse is that ? 
  `` oh these islamic attacks are fine because people are killed by other means too '' ? 
  more secondary/tertiary cost of failed migration and integration policies without actually going after the issue . . 
  climate change does n't even factor into what i 'm saying . 
  11bn people are going to take so many resources and so much space that there wo n't be much space for any sort of wildlife and the oceans are going to be dead . 
  the current situation is dire as it is , 4bn more are not going to just be fine at all , there is no rational basis to claim that . 
  yeah no , habitat destruction is * already * out of control , the oceans are already massively overfished . 
  increasing the world population by 40 percent especially in areas where people do n't give a shit about their environment will not be just fine . 
  talk about sustainability ... with that many people you can kiss the oceans and any sort of natural wildlife goodbye . 
  i 'm somehow surprised austria is n't meeting the target . 
  i mean it 's pretty much all hydro ( not quite ) at this point . 
  not the current ones , but it 's imported nonetheless . 
  that import just happened a decade or two ago and now we repeated the mistake and will reap the rewards in another decade or two . 
  that most of the attackers are in fact second generation should be even more concerning and should be even more reason to be more careful about immigration since we obviously have trouble integrating people . 
  importing even more with no plans to fix these issues will make things worse and we 'll see these attacks rising over the next 20 years when the current wave 's children become old enough ... 
  an entirely imported problem . 
  always pointing to the 70s being worse does n't change the fact that we could have barely none if migration and integration was handled more responsibly . 
  not a fan of the mass immigration either but that 's a tad bit alarmist . 
  they 're at around 4 %,
