  thanks !, 
  is there a * legal * difference between a marriage and a civil partnership ? 
  if no , then i really do n't understand the big deal of using a different label for the `` same '' thing . 
  . . not that i 'm against it , just asking for an explanation . 
  hm have n't thought of that . 
  no idea though if sa is still deteriorating or stagnant or maybe even slowly improving ... 
  in any case it 's at least in a state where people might be slightly less eager to risk killing themselves by going somewhere else , so there is that . . 
  the only way to solve this is to help them develop their own countries . 
  letting them in wo n't do anything in the long run except increase the number of people doing it . 
  not to mention that africa is going to double its population within the next few decades . . nigeria alone is poised to have 1 billion people soon . 
  we ca n't take them all and it 's going to get worse . 
  that 's quite sad : / edit : after i did some research , it appears that this map ( as so many others posted here ) has some flaws . 
  [ since apparently the gift to austria is very much on display . 
  ] ( http://www.news.at/a/naturhistorisches-museum-mondgestein-wien ), 
  i believe it 's ads , gis and direct funding . 
  should n't austria be yellow ? 
  maybe i 'm misunderstanding what 's meant by `` government grants '' . 
  * storage capacity as % of russian gas imports * . . over what time frame ? 
  indeed , it was like the third most per capita . 
  the sad part is the eu put together is already the second biggest spender worldwide at around a third of the us ' but has nowhere a third of the power to show for . 
  the problem is with each little country doing its own thing it 's very wasteful . 
  there should be at least a unified defense force which would be much more efficient in cost , . . hell we do n't even have a european missile shield . 
  it 's quite disappointing all the human rated craft like hermes and the crew-atv were cancelled . 
  agreed , no idea what 's up with that stereotype . 
  spread over 10-15 years it 's really not much . 
  a joint nasa esa mission should be easily doable ( financially speaking ) . 
  too late implies we ca n't change it anymore . 
  it 's not pretty and the streets got marginally less safe ( statistically speaking ) but the problems can be tackled if there is a political will to do so . 
  voted for griss and i will if it really comes to it . 
  i wonder how much longer the other parties can afford to insult and marginalize the fp\u00d6 voter-ship . 
  maybe it 's time to start engaging certain problems instead of pretending they do n't exist , since i 'm sure a massive amount of the votes are protest votes and a huge middle-finger to the current government . 
  are n't there countless violent clashes each year between the two ? 
  dig up any crime or employment statistic in europe that has n't been removed for being `` racist '' and you 'll see it yourself . 
  if it really happens it 'll be fun to see how many of the other `` syrians '' suddenly change their mind about their nationality . 
  probably because mena immigration is a bigger problem for gays than a symbolic piece of paper for marriage . 
  and here are we with the third most removed titles in the last 90 days . 
  really considering buying [ smartflix ] ( https://www.smartflix.io/ ) now that it 's not free anymore but i feel odd having to pay twice . 
  the lack of storage for making the renewables weather independent is probably an even bigger problem . 
  good thing that pseudo-environmentalists basically made it impossible to build any new significant pump storage ( in austria ) . 
  i do n't even watch the contest but i 'd vote for a rapping pope . 
   as a british national i know that i 'm already looked down upon among other europeans i do n't think that 's the case at all . 
  how is britain not in europe ? 
  if israel was just half as bad as the regressive left makes it out to be they would have gotten rid of their problematic neighbor decades ago . 
  i wonder if i ever live to see the day where they stop calling everyone who they disagree with a `` nazi '' . 
  i wonder what keeps non-muslims from becoming radical crazies when they are in dire economic/social situations . 
  it 's almost as if there are some other factors at play that could make them personally accountable instead of blaming it on everyone else . 
  it always baffles me how people , such as yourself apparently , do n't understand per capita numbers . 
  the size of the population * does n't matter . 
  i guess i should be ashamed that i did n't even know there was a national motto . 
  if that were true , why are we letting them back by the hundreds ? 
  that a significant portion of muslims support attacks in every poll ever conducted . 
  meaning your random muslim is a lot more likely to be a threat than your random german . 
  considering a whole lot of them wo n't be accepted , albeit not deported , i do n't think they have a chance of reunification . 
  i also believe it 's been put on hold entirely for now or at least massively restricted . 
  i really hope i see the day when the world turns on the saudis for what they 've spread . 
  how progressive . 
  so we have the resources to arrest people making mean comments on the internet but not to stem the growing number of radical muslims blowing shit up every other week . 
  fuck this continent . . 
  well that lack of pragmatism has lead us to where we are now . 
  do you think it 's doing them any favors when they end up in poverty stricken separate societies all over europe ? 
  this is n't just a one way street , it 's bad for everyone involved . 
  projecting your idealism at people who do n't share it instead of looking at reality will not solve any issues . 
  `` it 's bad because it 's bad '' , stopped being an argument a long time ago . 
  these people , in total , bring no net benefit to society and only cost us money and security while eroding social cohesion . 
  can you claim the opposite ? 
  the number of good ones do n't offset the cost and loss of security . 
  if none were here , we would have less problems to deal with and would n't be missing anything . 
  how about no immigration from muslim countries until we solved the issues with the ones we already have ? 
  many of these attackers are second generation which means there is a fundamental problem with integration . 
  until that is addressed we do n't need any more that 'll breed a new generation of extremists . 
  you 're suggesting religion ca n't be just as intolerant as the things you mentioned ? 
  in most parts of the world it is . 
  i 'm all ears . 
  people are so quick to yell oppression but have never any tangible solutions . 
  besides , letting them develop into their own little separate societies is n't doing them any favours either . 
  worse than the fundamentalist indoctrination that is going on in many of these schools ? 
  worse than the separate society you 're creating by never exposing these children to the natives ? 
  clearly the current approach of giving them all the freedoms they want is not working . 
  integration is clearly not happening . 
  it 's time to take off the gloves . 
  what 's your solution ? 
  close all islamic schools , heavily monitor every single mosque . 
  no more immigration from the middle east + other muslim countries . 
  what 's going on in sweden is terrible but as far as i know , those numbers look much worse because they count these things differently . 
  sad but true . 
  he 's clearly talking about crime and violence , which * is * far worse in america . 
  a gymnasium is n't where you 'll find the immigrants though . 
  it 's the normal middle school . 
  in vienna there a plenty of schools with a majority of foreign origin and there are big problems with that . 
  in styria alone last year about 50 % of students starting elementary school were n't fluent in german . 
  [ here is one of many articles about it . 
  ] ( http://diepresse.com/home/bildung/schule/4681726/ein-funftel-der-schuler-hat-nicht-deutsch-als-muttersprache ) ( does n't include the specific numbers i said , but other interesting ones . ), 
   if we manage to hold tight we could actually come out stronger this is very true . 
  with the current crisis we noticed that current policies do not work and need to be fixed in the face of increasing migration worldwide . 
  even though the reaction is ( too ) slow it 'll prepare us for even bigger events . 
  once sea levels really eat into populated areas around the world , increasing droughts over all of africa spread and especially the expected population explosion in africa ( one more billion within the next 30 years ) . 
  these will prove if we learned from what 's happening now . 
  if we do , this might just be a blessing in disguise and prevent much , much greater problems in the future . 
  heartfelt thanks to slovenia !, 
  may the rest follow their example .
