  romania is casting off corruption , its youth are embracing technology and outside values ( rather than many of the selfish values left from communism ) , and things are improving . 
  within the last two years , cluj has banned smoking indoors ( maybe all romania ) , it has started a city bike program , and it has installed ways to get bus tickets electronically ( rather than buying from ladies in tiny rooms ) . 
  and when a large festival run by a private organization got partially funded by taxpayer money , heads rolled . 
  maybe it 's there and i do n't see it , but i ca n't say the same about barcelona . 
  i just see negative news everywhere about the government , and do n't even get me started on how much worse catalonia 's immigration system is than romania 's . 
  ** tldr ; barcelona is good , cluj is good , it depends what you want . 
  done it before , am considering leaving barcelona to move back . 
  it 's not so bad here . 
  if cigarette smoking in public places is acceptable , then so should not wearing deodorant ( no matter the weather ) , peeing in public pools , and farting in public . 
  hell , for the longest time after moving to europe i did n't even like sitting at terraces . 
  i 'd go inside just to avoid to smoke from the tables around me , or only sit outside if there was a strong wind and a seat available on the right side of it . 
  on the upside , i really like what i 've seen in a couple of romanian malls ; the eating areas have large glass boxes that you can smoke inside of , like big fishtanks . 
  i always call them `` boxes of shame '' in my head because i 'm a judgmental ass . 
  did n't realize that se and fi were eu but norway was n't . 
  thanks . 
  sweden and finland are up there , but norway 's not even on the list . 
  anyone know what 's up with that ? 
  edit : got it guys , norway is n't in the eu . 
  same sentiment here . 
  i like the check part of the us , but i prefer the hand-off-ness of europe . 
  i think most people from either side of the pond would agree with your view of what a waiter should be . 
  in my experience , european ( well , non-us ) waiters are n't mind readers that appear when they gauge that you need the check . 
  you need to make sure that you ask for the check when they come clear your food because after that , they 're not coming back and you 'll need to actively catch their attention in order to ask for the check . 
  monitoring them and trying to catch their eye , raising a hand , sometimes physically going and asking for it . 
  for me , the american way is closer to mind-reading . 
  they 'll leave the check and you pay when you want . 
  you read your own mind to decide when to pay . 
  ideally , at least ; i realize that some places have an expectation that you 'll pay and leave when the check is there , but that 's on them . 
  yeah , sounds like each side is making assumptions that prove their argument . 
  in my case , i 'm assuming that illegal guns in europe are n't a super widespread thing based upon news stories . 
  stabbing in germany , axeman in germany , very few shootings reported in the news . 
  in the us , there are murder-suicides seemingly every week , where a guy kills his wife and then himself . 
  also , there 's a lack of familiarity with using guns here . 
  i grew up shooting guns when i was in my teens . 
  it never seemed weird . 
  over here , there 's almost a disbelief that i , an unassuming and normal-seeming programmer , has * fired * a * weapon * . 
  plus , it just seems to me that guns are inconvenient to acquire here and there 're not a weapon that you 're going to have on hand without preparation . 
  so , emotional and panicked crimes are n't likely to involve guns . 
  i mean ... the ` bad guys ' are a lot more heavily armed in the usa . 
  as in , they have guns , mostly unlike in europe . 
  not saying that us police should n't be doing better , but personally if i were a cop , i 'd be a lot more jumpy approaching a hostile situation in the us vs the uk . 
  mostly a charade , but not entirely . 
  from what i 've seen and heard , americans who run across each other while abroad are far more likely than most europeans to have a friendly conversation , even if they do n't know each other . 
  where ya from , whatcha doin ' here , that kind of stuff . 
  as far as customer service goes , it cuts both ways . 
  in the us , yeah it 's terrible that they need to be so `` friendly '' in order to make a living on tips and the constant pampering is annoying , but you ca n't argue that it does n't have upsides . 
  i love that i do n't need to spend five minutes trying to catch the eye of the waiter in order to ask for the check . 
  i do n't usually feel rushed to leave in the us , and they always say , `` here 's the check , just pay when you 're ready . '', 
  there 's also the occasional place in europe that goes overboard with the lack of customer service , which is much rarer in the states because we 're so touchy about it . 
  some waiters will barely speak a word to you as you order , never say please or thank you , drop items on the table instead of placing them ... like , the kind of stuff that , if you were just hanging out , people would tell you that you 're acting kinda douchy . 
  i 'm not saying you need to be overly friendly , but some people act like a state worker in eastern europe ( sorry to stereotype , but i 've had some experiences ) . 
  http://elections.huffingtonpost.com/pollster/hillary-clinton-favorable-rating it mostly comes from what i generally see in my social circle , though . 
  there seems to be a general feeling of mistrust around her . 
  maybe i 'm just projecting . 
  https://youtu.be/2x93u3antco?t=536 is that a common saying about republicans , or did you get it from here ? 
  i 'm actually starting to think it 's likely ... nobody really * likes * clinton . 
  that 's not , in itself , a bad thing , because that 's politics as usual for america ( although obama was pretty sweet ) . 
  the issue is that supporters of trump are rabid , especially in contrast . 
  yes , the opponents of trump are far and many , and they will hopefully vote for clinton , but it 's not because they want clinton ... it 's because they do n't want trump . 
  people * wanted * sanders , but clinton is the status quo and not enough wanted him to change that . 
  i 'm very worried that in a race of passion vs fatigued fear , passion is going to win . 
  and , as the uk has shown us , `` surely logic will prevail '' is a comforting lie . 
  i would love to be wrong . 
  [ why do n't you come over ? 
  ] ( http://whydontyoucomeover.gandul.info/travel/look-for-a-couch/ ) from the site : - our draft beer is less expensive than your bottled water . 
  - we speak english better than anywhere you 've been in france . 
  - half of our women look like kate ( the other half , her sister ) . 
  - our tourists do n't block the pavement to take pictures of phone booths . 
  ( or police officers ) - our air traffic controllers have seen snow before . 
  they were unimpressed . 
  - your weekly rent covers a whole month here . 
  pub nights included . 
  i 'd guess that they realize it 's a world where you have to fight dirty . 
  clickbait titles * work * . 
  trump 's outrageous statements * work * . 
  hell , brexit passed , i 'd say partly because those in favor had no problem inflating ( read : lying about ) numbers that played on frustration and confirmation bias . 
  it sucks , but average joe will only see something if it 's on mass media tonight , and apparently the only way to get mass media 's attention is to do something like this . 
  https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/4t4gp8/turkey_removes_more_than_2700_judges_following/d5ep0x2 / u/custard88 :  afaik , that report was never confirmed . 
  it looks like it never happened , there is extensive mobile-phone footage of just about everything in this coup and a shot down helicopter is no-where to be seen . 
  helicopter crash sites are not exactly inconspicuous either . 
  sounds like something a briton who moved to alabama would dream up . 
  at least your decision is trump-approved . 
  take that as you will . 
  it scares me because i had faith in the general population not to do something dumb . 
  and they have . 
  which really makes me think trump has a chance . 
  you know it 's bad when you have people from the us saying your media is bad . 
  i do n't even know of any major media outlets from the states without a clear political leaning . 
  there 's also a major sports store in the same vein as decathlon , called dick 's [ sporting goods ] . 
  probably ? 
  i wonder if this would piss off the portuguese or the catalans more ... 
  but only sometimes . 
  some years it 's a rabbit , most years it 's a golf . 
  i 'm sure there 's a perfectly good explanation for it , but i was mostly just happy to not be driving something called a ` golf ' . 
  in 2014 ( before leaving the us ) , i drove the whole winter using summer tires on my little ( american-little ) 2008 vw rabbit . 
  it was definitely interesting at times , but if you grew up driving on snow and you 're a good driver , it 's not too bad . 
  but i certainly would n't recommend it . 
  if there had been any scenarios where i needed to avoid a deer/car/person that jumped in front of me , i would have been in trouble . 
  as an american from vermont , i do n't know what you other americans are on about . 
  when the snow starts ( november/december ) , winter tires go on .
