considering the spines of eu bureaucrats are usually made of jelly i do n't have very high hopes for the future . 
  i hope juncker and tusk will grow some backbone during talks with potus donald trump , but experience shows that we should n't expect too much . 
  for staple food they are ridiculously small , but not for import food . 
  but in general you are right , i should have been more specific . 
  i am still waiting for uk products like jam , crisps and pastry to decrease in price after the gbp lost so much in value . 
  supermarkets are as always far too slow to relay price decreases to their customers . 
  unfortunately for all of his this is a case of merkel 's cdu simply discarding a clueless and embarassing politican to stop him from doing harm to the party in germany . 
  i feel only bad for the actual syrian refugees who have trouble getting asylum and face hostility because millions of migrants used their suffering for their own purposes . 
  whenever i read frankfurter allgemeine zeitung ( faz ) and neue z\u00fcricher zeitung ( nzz ) i would say that quality journalism can still be found in the germanspeaking countries . 
  obviously we have lots of trash as well . 
  sadly not much will change . 
  content providers will still be able to force you to encrypt your wifi after the first copyright infringement . 
  welcome to the world of st\u00f6rerhaftung . 
  in germany we are liable for all traffic that goes through our router . 
  regardless of who actually downloaded a certain file . 
  thank you csu . 
  you successfully pushed for a legislation nobody seriously needed , does n't earn us a lot of additional revenue and was known to cause severe legal troubles with the commission . 
  all because some bavarians are pissed about traffic jams during the summer time . 
  how about fighting for additional investments in infrastructure instead mr. seehofer ? 
  the day seehofer becomes the unions candidate for chancellorship is also when they enable an spd/gr \u00fcne / linke coalition . 
  well , who else is there in the union ? 
  de meziere , seehofer and s\u00f6der would cause me nightmares while sch\u00e4uble is too old and sick . 
  merkel killed of all potential rivals . 
  the german public does n't panic and neither should people who are interessted in visiting . 
  i have n't felt unsafe a day of my life in germany . 
  we all know that there are crazy people out there , but that does n't change the fact that this is a safe country . 
  this news just shows that officials are trying to go the extra mile in those volatile times . 
  the headline makes it sound like they might rush things but the eu has been negotiating with japan for many years and agreements were reached on most issues already . 
  however previous attempts eventually failed because japan wanted to protect its agricultural sector . 
  now with reform on the horizon and the political will to reach an agreement , a quick finalisation of a eu - jp trade deal is not unrealistic . 
  is that why hate crimes against eu citizens from eastern europe skyrocketed post-brexit ? 
  why choose if they can blame the eu for not doing enough to fight it while smearing the ngos for colluding with smugglers ? 
  eu border force accuses charities of collusion with migrant smugglers frontex charges open up long-simmering dispute with ngos over how to solve the crisis by : duncan robinson in brussels the eu 's border agency has accused charities operating in the mediterranean of colluding with people smugglers , according to confidential reports seen by the financial times . 
  the accusations from frontex bring to the fore a long-simmering dispute between eu officials and non-governmental organisations over how to resolve a migration crisis that has caused the deaths of 4,700 people this year alone . 
  frontex put its concerns in a confidential report last month , raising the idea that migrants had been given `` clear indications before departure on the precise direction to be followed in order to reach the ngos ' boats '' . 
  the agency made the accusation explicitly in another report last week , which stated : `` first reported case where the criminal networks were smuggling migrants directly on an ngo vessel '' . 
  ngos operating in the region emphatically denied working with people smugglers . 
  elsewhere in the reports , which are shared among eu officials and diplomats , frontex says people rescued by ngo vessels were often `` not willing to co-operate with debriefing experts at all '' with some claiming `` that they were warned [ by ngos ] not to co-operate with italian law enforcement or frontex '' . 
  the number of rescues triggered by a distress signal fell from roughly two-thirds of all incidents this summer to barely one in 10 in october , according to frontex figures . 
  this drop-off coincided with a jump in the number of rescues carried out by ngos in the central mediterranean . 
  they responded to more than 40 per cent of rescues in october , compared with just 5 per cent at the start of the year . 
  frontex also suggested the change in activity could be down to ngos operating closer to libyan territorial waters , or even to the lights used by rescue boats , which -- the agency says -- act `` as a beam for the migrants '' . 
  charities operating in the region reacted angrily to the accusations . 
  they say a drop in distress calls from boats carrying migrants has been due to increased rescue efforts , meaning that people were picked up before their situation worsened . 
  gemma gillie , a humanitarian adviser with m\u00e9decins sans fronti\u00e8res , which operates two rescue boats , said : `` we are actively searching for boats in distress . 
  we spot them earlier . 
  this is a response to the needs that we see at sea . 
  if that proves collusion , i do not think so . '' so far this year more than 170,000 people have attempted to cross the mediterranean from libya to italy , about 15 per cent more than last year , according to unhcr , the un refugee agency . 
  the number of deaths has jumped by a quarter after 3,800 last year . 
  ngo workers blamed the increased numbers of deaths on smugglers changing tactics and sending people out on increasingly unseaworthy vessels -- a trend that they blamed on a crackdown on people smugglers by eu authorities . 
  `` it is not about whether there is collusion between ngos and smugglers : the issue is why so many people die , which is what frontex should be focusing on , '' said ms gillie . 
  `` they should be looking at their own actions . '' msf this year said it would refuse eu funding in protest at the bloc 's handling of the refugee crisis . 
  founded in 2004 , frontex has scooped up more staff , money and powers as the eu attempts to get to grips with a growing problem of irregular migration . 
  the eu this year turned the agency , which has a $ 250m budget , into a fully fledged border guard with the power to deploy 1,500 staff to support a member state if they are overwhelmed by arrivals . 
  frontex also criticised charities for failing to help with investigations into people smuggling by refusing to collect leftover evidence from rescued boats . 
  `` we have an obligation to help save their lives , not perform the duties of security agencies , '' said save the children , which has rescued 2,400 people in october and november . 
  the european commission is examining whether stricter control of non-governmental rescue missions is needed , although officials stressed that legislation was unlikely . 
  ngos have played a crucial role in saving thousands of lives in the central mediterranean , according to the commission , and have `` mostly acted in support [ of ] and close co-ordination '' with governments . 
  ruben neugebauer , of sea watch , a german charity that runs rescue operations , said the eu was attempting to criminalise the efforts of ngos in the mediterranean . 
  `` it is no wonder that these accusations come now . 
  we have a worsening situation in the central med and a lot of efforts taken by the eu to shut down migration . 
  they are trying to shut this down by all means necessary . '', 
  why should n't he be ? 
  she is now a pm with a mandate to go through with the brexit so it 's definitely a problem for her . 
  however reading through the article i do n't believe the situation is as dire as the headline suggests . 
  they got their hearing , but that does n't mean the snp 's chances of success improved . 
  eating out in russia is indeed often very disappointing . 
  however home cooking can be great . 
  a lot of beef cuts that are really expensive in the west are sold just as `` piece of beef '' for up to 80 % less . 
  it was quite neat as a steak lover for the six months i was there . 
  a kilogram filet mignon for 10 euros ? 
  not a rarity . 
  although getting used to the cooking with unusual beef cuts in russia took a while . 
  you will have to do your own trimming . 
  because everyone in germany accepts our guilt and responsibility for the holocaust . 
  even most of the the far right nutters . 
  contrary to what you may have read , baking soda has always been readily available under the name `` natron '' in all well stocked german supermarkets . 
  however its main application over the decades was for household cleaning and they only added the additional application as `` baking soda '' in recent years . 
  it 's not problems with the english or german language that stop me , but the way in which some of these statements are written . 
  some of them torment the normal reader . 
  i 'm interested in what 's going on in the eu but trying to distill the meaning of some of those lovely compound sentence full of diplomatic jingoisms takes too much effort to do in my free time . 
  oh gosh and all those abbreviations of eu bodies !, 
  terrible . 
  i guess that 's why i follow politico and euobserver but an additional subreddit ca n't hurt . 
  twitter comments are not very satisfying . 
  i follow euobserver.com , politico.eu , selmayr , tusk , a few commissioners , barnier , mogherini , manfred weber and of course jean claude juncker on twitter . 
  do n't know if i have any more brain capacity for more but i 'll give it a try . 
  i have to admit especially when they link to their statements on twitter i rarely can muster the energy to tackle their official language . 
  perhaps some people in this sub can do that for me . 
  i prefer raki but a good ouzo is okay as well . 
  anyway , yamas !, 
  turkey is trying to get germany to extradite former turkish nato officers who sought asylum due to fear of political prosecution in their home country . 
  another story with a heavy pr spin so people do n't understand the real reason . 
  the 500 $ note is not being phased out because of organised crime that has been around for centuries . 
  after all they still introduced the bill when the euro was created . 
  what changed is the interest rates . 
  the ecb wants to make it harder for banks to store huge amounts of cash in their vaults in times of negative interest rates . 
  when you have to store 2.5 times as many bills ( 200 $ notes instead of 500 ) you suddenly need much more storage space which makes it much less attractive for the banks . 
  edit : for those who do n't believe me and already start to downvote . 
  to be honest i did n't think our spies were capable enough to achieve such a feat .
