the recording is available here : http://www.gandul.info/politica/inregistrare-exploziva-dintr-o-sedinta-psd-planul-de-aranjare-a-alegerilor-prezidentiale-pentru-victor-ponta-13520057 my translator 's notes are between square brackets . 
  a few interesting passages are bolded . 
  note : the politician has claimed that the recording is fake . 
  on the other hand , a county school inspector has confirmed that the meeting has taken place , in order to discuss the elections . 
  `` so we do what we must do for the county and we pee on our bosses ... 
  it is unacceptable to say fuck you to him , or to ... from the city [ organization ] . 
  such language is inadmissible , fuck you or you ponta or dragnea . 
  it is inadmissible and it will not exist anymore , i guarantee that . 
  in satu mare county , as long as i 'm here , there will not exist such people . 
  to hell with them all , i do n't need all the losers around me . 
  so i only need the ones who can get the job done , the rest can fuck off . 
  they will all go to hell , i do n't need any of them . 
  and dan secelean ( ? 
  ) , for the last time i tell you , if i call you to a meeting and you do n't come because you 're at the mayor , i 'll go to the prime minister . 
  without hesitation , you will be let go . 
  i 'm the one who made you director there . 
  and it 's not you who gives orders to me !, 
  ( hits table with fist ) you were a political hire , you were n't hired by voica , because he does n't make the law in the city of satu mare !, 
  i 'm through with this . 
  so one more time , if i summon you and you do n't come i 'll promise you 'll be let go !, 
  and not just you !, 
  what do you folks think you 're doing , are * you * making the rules ? 
  or do you think voica makes the rules for me ? 
  ( unintelligible ) i did n't hire anyone in jest , what do you think , i 'm going to beg them ? 
  i 'm not going to beg . 
  it 's over . 
  it 's over . 
  let us talk straight . 
  whoever still wants to go to work with me , will go , who does n't want , stand up now and leave . 
  i do n't need any * filfizoni * [ untranslatable ] anymore . 
  because i wo n't hold my ( unintelligible ) to laugh . 
  to everyone . 
  because it 's unacceptable . 
  it 's unacceptable because these people ponta and dragnea do n't deserve this insult ( unintelligible ) with whom , with iohannis . 
  who the heck is iohannis ? 
  [ note : iohannis is the opposition candidate . ], 
  what did acl do for you , for the people of satu mare county ? 
  [ note : acl is a coalition supporting the opposition candidate . ], 
  nobody , nothing . 
  but here 's a completely inconsiderate tactic . 
  the oas region you do n't care about . 
  you think you deserve everything . 
  you do n't deserve anything anymore . 
  starting with mr. ciocan . 
  for the last time i tell you , if you do n't get involved in certeze , then let someone else deal with certeze . 
  i say it in all the organizations . 
  it 's over . 
  i do n't need to suffer all that shame because of one or another of you . 
  it 's over . 
  but it 's not acceptable anymore . 
  so i 've really had it . 
  i will go to bucharest right now , i will tell him the situation and i will tell them , brothers , this is what 's going on . 
  if you ca n't talk to anyone in the city , that 's why it happened ... ( unintelligible , phone ringing ) , [ he/she ] did n't want to take harsh measures now before because [ he/she ] thought ... ( unintelligible ) . 
  but tomorrow i will tell all . 
  and i 'll go to the organization , no problem . 
  i 'm not a servant , what do you think ? 
  for the time being i 've been given the task to lead you . 
  ** those of you who wo n't have results in the second round [ note : of the presidential elections ] , as long as i 'm at the county council and i can take care of it , you wo n't get even a five-bani . 
  [ note : a very small coin . ], 
  when the budget is distributed - zero , when we distribute ( unintelligible ) zero and i guarantee you that nobody gets nothing . 
  stay there and die , that 's life . 
  ** it 's not acceptable anymore . 
  do * i * need to go there and to beg like a fool and to scare them ? 
  for what ? 
  so i can come here and what ? 
  and make a fool of myself . 
  because one of them is asleep at noon instead of campaigning , another one sits there on voting day and does nothing , i go to another one , nothing . 
  where have you been ? 
  where has ( unintelligible ) been , from the school ? 
  what do you mean ` at school ' ? 
  what am i , a moron ? 
  i went and i talked to our man . 
  ... ( unintelligible ) ** let me tell you something , starting on monday , he wo n't come to school anymore , let him go get some rest . 
  starting on monday , goodbye . 
  ** it 's not gon na work like this anymore . 
  and i 'll be very clear . 
  ** all directors of territorial institutions who were appointed politically , all school directors , all who were appointed politically if they do n't participate effectively in the campaign , they will go home . 
  ** it 's over . 
  i 'll be responsible for it and i will go too , no problem , but i will not make a fool of myself in front of you . 
  i will not , it 's over . 
  ** so here 's what i decided : at every voting section i want to see two people in front of the voting section , they should be especially local councilors if we have them , school directors/teachers , the village postman , the representative of the veterinary health direction , if they 're not here , call them to come urgently . 
  so this is what i say , in front of the voting section let there be two people who will talk to the voters : hello , welcome , we expect you to be on our side , goodbye . 
  ** if you encounter problems ... 
  i guarantee you . 
  so at every voting section . 
  ** aside from that people must go from home to home and tell people so : folks , we 're not making votes , we 're not thinking of the good of our village , we 're wasting time . 
  tell them . 
  i tell you honestly , i guarantee , all those who will lose , i do n't ( unintelligible ) you . 
  those who lose will never see me again and this party . 
  ** from now on , and with me at the county council , not in any case . 
  ** so we 'll make a diagram for this , saturday , sunday , and next sunday you must have a representative in every town or village , in every church . 
  i have talked to his holiness , i have talked to all the priests . 
  exactly as i 'm telling you i told them , and i told the priests so : ` folks , it 's over ( unintelligible ) . 
  if you wo n't be with us , and bring who will vote for mr. victor ponta , then i wo n't recognize you anymore . 
  [ note : victor ponta is the prime minister . 
  he is running for the presidency . ], 
  do not come to my door anymore . 
  i told them straight . 
  it 's over . 
  brothers , no , goodbye , and i told his holiness , his holiness said ` you send a man to every church , that man can text you , and where they did n't say vote for ponta , i will never see them anymore .
