  you 're telling me i can get drafted to fight russians !, 
  wolverines rule !, 
  or if they default their ships start getting seized . 
  they 're dealing with the same problem in puerto rico now , but in the federal structure the federal government is able to step in and help and mandate changes ( not leave them up to negotiation ) and puerto rico is also able to make more drastic changes earlier . 
  its over 100 million a month for us carrier groups even not doing operations . 
  when you do n't have the budget , you ca n't afford some of the nicer things . 
  it was more on showing how great a host he was to his guests and how he would make ultimate sacrifices for strangers . 
  are they really getting their motivation from / r/europe, 
  because he says that the us needs to be stood up to in the un , as if that would impact the us public/government . 
  the us has a very low level of respect for the un and its efficacy . 
  if you 're trying to change public opinion the best place probably is n't a place where less than a 1/3 of your country thinks it is actually effective . 
  yes , stand up to the us in the un . 
  that will scare americans . 
  we might get a strongly worded letter !, 
  the un has a lower effective rating than bush 's favorability on the day he left office . 
  bush was at 34 % the day he left office , the percent of americans that think the un does a good job is 32 % . 
  articles about the un in the us usually have to address the question , `` why/do americans hate the un '', 
  the us probably knows they 're doing it and knows how to stop them doing it . 
  everyone spies on everyone , we just only publicize it when we catch russians doing it . 
  it does n't sound like there 's an absolutist position on the morality of spying . 
  its only `` bad '' to you are worse at it . 
  it just goes back to the strong do what they can the weak suffer what they must . 
  i was trying to convey that `` parties '' in a us sense are different than most of the world because of the inherent strength of candidates versus parties where the party is a `` my vehicle not my master '' for candidates . 
  touristy spots in italy and greece and spain . 
   `` proven ''  `` lobbying companies '' you need to learn more about us politics before you can discuss it and make such claims . 
  do n't cut yourself on that edge . 
  imagine if all your `` center-right '' and `` center-left '' governments were one party and had their share of partisan infighting . 
  its the us . 
  the us has much less homogeneous parties and much more independent legislative members . 
  watch boehner or pelosi try to whip votes and see how many defections there are regularly . 
  and when those people go back to their independent campaigns and their own districts they tell their voters , look i put you over the party and get reelected . 
  uh , is n't that how its pronounced ? 
  truth be told , they usually are accepted in other european countries especially southern ones . 
  fuel drives a huge part of that . 
  makes everything else cheaper . 
  not really , its essentially changes that what `` coalitions '' you would see are now pre-organized through a series of intraparty primaries . 
  you do n't see battles for nomination equivalent to the us anywhere in the world . 
  whats wrong with politicians being focused on their locality and constituents rather than the national party ? 
  if the most people from x area want a person , they should have him . 
  the < 50 % issue is just an issue with so many parties , the parliamentary structure , and lack of effective ` primary ' systems in the uk . 
  i got fucked cause it was 2011/2012 and the dollar was real weak against the euro , but i probably did save money negotiating in a currency i knew better . 
  i do n't think the places i used dollars were concerned that much with `` accounting '' : / a lot of the more reputable vendors i used credit card, 
  yeah , did n't have to bother changing except for uk to pounds . 
  credit cards ( visa and amex ) for like 60 % , the rest in usd . 
  greece and italy were the only two places that did n't raise a fuss , but they all took them . 
  never had a problem using dollars . 
  yes , but its rare and usually is in control economies . 
  its `` legal '' but it is not the de facto currency or the local state supported one but people are free to use dollars or pounds in transactions . 
  the dc metro does n't strike , but they do text . 
  because that 2.2 is an employment program with conscription . 
  i was in one , it just meant the teachers did n't have to be like `` johnny please stop eating the glue and pinching suzy '' it basically let them use a little bit of force to stop you . 
  only one kid i know growing up got paddled and that was cause he bit the teacher and assistant principle . 
  i think a quick few paddles like he got was better than kicking him out of school for 10 days . 
  the real issue is a system which encourages repetition and regurgitation versus a system which focuses on compilation and critical thinking . 
  well when the us declares war or mobilizes for total war , the us has a history of only accepting unconditional surrender or recognition of all of its war goals . 
  because compromise means giving something up . 
  which is fine in politics , but if its war they can come and take them . 
  yes , and ? 
  article v is all nato is . 
  everything else is how to do we do article v. article v is the part that states , if someone else is attacked , we will defend them . 
  it is quite literally the core of nato 's function as a defensive alliance . 
  you 're essentially making an argument that because they reject eating meat , does n't mean they do n't want to eat meat . 
  you can not have a defensive alliance without a commitment to defend . 
  and i 'm sorry if i came across as rude of you not knowing pew 's methodology in detail , but here 's another link to the report http://s3.documentcloud.org/documents/2095529/pew-research-center-russia-ukraine-report-final.pdf and , once again , the characteristics of the sample can be found in the survey methodology section here : http://www.pewglobal.org/international-survey-methodology/?country_select=germany, 
   only if they say how many responded with `` sorry , not interested . 
  that goes into weighting the answers and they call much more than 1k to get their 1k respondents . 
  better than it being occupied . 
   have you ever taken a statistics course or done a research yourself ? 
  i do n't think you know what you are talking about . 
  is a major part of my profession . 
   the fact that there are no statistics given or any other characteristics of the sample are a dead giveaway of a poorly done study . 
  http://www.pewglobal.org/files/2015/06/pew-research-center-russia-ukraine-report-final-june-10-20151.pdf full report there with crosstabs ( as is normal ) starting around pg 44  not to mention how everyone here misinterprets the data . 
  58 % of respondents we 're not in favor of a military solution . 
  everyone jumps to saying `` germany against nato '' . 
  right . 
  by the definition if 58 % of respondents reject article v ( the core part of the treaty ) it can be rightly said that germans are against nato requirements and thus against nato . 
   sure it is done by pew , but by who exactly ? 
  pew maintains in house pollsters to double check all parts of a survey and used a respected firm out of princeton for this one . 
   sure phone is cheaper , but there are no more details given . 
  methodology is here : http://www.pewglobal.org/international-survey-methodology/  a sample size of 1000 ? 
  normal sample size , results in moe of < 4 % . 
  normally would be comfortable with ~ 600 . 
  nope , i 'd make sure i did n't lose the next one . 
  the survey was done by pew , its a good survey , contacting by phone is the best option ( much better than the internet , massively cheaper than in person ) http://www.pewglobal.org/2015/06/10/nato-publics-blame-russia-for-ukrainian-crisis-but-reluctant-to-provide-military-aid/, 
  war is terrible , but losing a war or not fighting when you need to is worse . 
  uh , the failure is people have secret ballots and can make their choice known without fear of retribution for not being pc ? 
  in england its called the `` silent tory '' phenomenon in polling . 
  sorry its `` shy tory '' in england , got it confused with `` silent majority '' in the us . 
  if i get banned can i get banned in 2 languages ? 
  being american gets you , well , american !, 
  not in china or eastern europe , i think they think there 's a sex for greencards program . 
  no lie , you 're a massive troll that i find hilarious , but there is nothing better than just speaking with your american accent in a foreign city for picking up girls . 
  i guess people from the uk have it easy too in america , and they have to play the stereotype though . 
  but put me in any club in any city , throw in some cute girls , and i can show up in my boots , jeans , and shirt and i 'm leaving with someone in about an hour . 
  yes and i could contribute the worlds biggest pie to the `` best pie contest '' and it does n't mean i 'll win or deserve to win . 
  true but sacrifices = / = contribution, 
  yes . 
  that is exactly how it worked when the germans were facing americans . 
  entire axis armies would surrender to us and british forces rather than fight to the death , like they did in russia . 
  why ?
