  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/liberty_or_death first recorded use in relatively modern times is from 1775 edit : incorrect on the first used part , 1714 from the siege of barcelona , and 1712 from the play cato , a tragedy . 
  the second flag had 15 stripes and 15 stars , but then we 're like woah this is getting out of hand , only stars for the news kids . 
  and they fucking panhandle while living off a trust fund or daddy 's money, 
  yeah / u/jamieusa go get yourself one too . 
  if you ca n't afford one i 'll send you some money to get one . 
   as far as how do authorities know who is banging ? 
  its very well tracked by local police departments , not nationally too , so when they say they have say 100 gang members in x city , they 'll tell you exactly who is in and who is out and who does what in the gang . 
  if its over a year the default is to extradite . 
  they have to show they 'd be subject to ( real ) torture etc , not just bad jail conditions . 
  yeah and i doubt few people have a problem with states protecting their own citizens when presented with the opposite . 
  civus romanus sum and all that . 
  convicted of a felony . 
  time in jail has nothing to do with it . 
  you can be in jail for a misdemeanor or not in jail for a felony , depends on the sentencing . 
  date 22 september 1980 -- 20 august 1988 ( 7 years , 10 months , 4 weeks and 1 day ) location iran -- iraq border result stalemate, 
  the iraqi army also was able to wage a massive war against iran . 
  its less the weakness of the iraqi army and more the strength of the us . 
  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iusjzzw-a-g that 's what he 's referencing . 
  edit : and this : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aw5i-ffa4gy, 
  they got all those big ol women with those churros down there !, 
  160 acres . 
  the average minimum earner is in a household that averages 53k a year . 
  how is that wrong . 
  two different concepts , the avg household income and minimum wage . 
   least be honest and let people starve , or maybe just shoot them . 
  haha , okay hyperbole new high . 
   non-working , non-poor . 
  i too wish to live in imagination land . 
  yeah , i mean we 'd rather have non-working poor right ? 
  and the us maintains a higher relative level of what would be considered `` poverty '' compared to europe . 
  bring it all thee points together . 
  b ) this often is n't a full time work for them , its often a part time job for those still in education . 
  and c ) no , because the majority of them have a secondary household income stream and they will get raises . 
  also i 'm in the top 1 % if i maintain my normal contract load , but i also have a lot more marketable skills i worked hard on so i can have that disposable income . 
  you do n't make the poor less poor by making the rich less rich . 
  do n't fall into the trap of feel good economics that make the poor poorer as long as the rich are less rich . 
  no because it is extremely rare for both household earners to earn minimum wage , it is also rarer for a minimum wage earner to be the single parent in a household ( 4pct ) compared to the national average of all earners ( 5pct ) . 
  the reality does n't support the imagined injustice of hordes of underpaid full time workers . 
   if anybody does 40 hours ( or whatever the working week in the country is ) of work a week , they deserve all of that . 
  no because the vast majority of those are a ) 16-24 b ) working part time c ) move higher than minimum wage in less tan a year . 
   they deserve all of that . 
  who pays for it ? 
  also the average household w / minimum wage earner makes 53k a year . 
  fifty , three , thousand , a , year . 
  thats just shy of 200 % of the federal poverty limit . 
  but they can , can you not live on 53k a year !? 
  the average minimum wage earners household makes more than fifty thousand a year its a manufactured outrage . 
  the average minimum wage earner does not stay at that wage , the majority are kids working summer jobs or after school jobs !, 
   have unemployed , those positions are filled . 
  so people have jobs ? 
  i never graduated from college even , i worked at target as a cashier for 2 years , hated it and got sick and tired of being sick and tired so i decided to do something about it . 
   now i 'd say that the machines , that is , the means of production should be taxed instead of your income but then realistically , i want to increase automation so that 's a bad idea . 
  at the current moment . 
  ask me ten years after we have 70 % unemployment . 
  i say good chap its that scary machine-wizzies who are doing most of the work , this will only mean the standard of living will decline as we move to more productive work over only being able to make our fancy shirts to go to the globe theater at home . 
   what kind of work ? 
  there 's a limited need for rocket scientists , but a near infinite capacity to employ carriage drivers , provided the wages are low enough . 
  and on the reverse , if there 's a low enough supply of ` carriage drivers ' ( is that still a thing ) they can charge higher prices !, 
  who works 30 hours a week as primary income earners ? 
  thats also 53k a year . 
  thats a lot of money . 
  greed is good , but not taking . 
  wanting to make more by working more and doing more valuable work is the cornerstone of a functional economic system , not forcing workers to pay more for non-workers . 
  my value is currently ~ 80-100 an hour . 
  if i want validation i 'll ask my gf or my dog , i wo n't ask my boss or my clients . 
   they 're not , 2/3 are working in total 35 or less hours a week . 
  you said they had terrible jobs working terrible hours for lots of hours . 
  they 're not working lots of hours or terrible hours . 
  the vast majority of minimum wage earners are < 24 years old . 
  we 're literally talking about kids working summer jobs and after school jobs . 
   motherfucker . 
  no wonder you people have no society . 
  give me a ~ 100 percent raise , my dignity hurts . 
  fuck everything else , its my dignity . 
  am i worth it ? 
  some righteous idea of dignity says so , and thats all that matters . 
  i make shit-widgets where the company makes 8.10 for every 1 sold and i make 1 an hour , pay me 15 an hour . 
  its a crime to not pay me more , i 'll put you in jail for a feel-ony . 
  dignity is n't something of value to others . 
  minimum wage is n't supposed to be a living wage , its supposed to be minimum . 
   ... because they 're working multiple jobs at atrocious compound hours . 
  and then others are going to complain that their kids are ill-raised . 
  they 're not , 2/3 are working in total 35 or less hours a week . 
   for whom is it worth 15 euros ? 
  not for who bears the cost of the price . 
  do n't raise my taxes or my col to pay for someone 's dignity . 
  if i want to donate to a charity , i 'll pick the charity . 
  charity should be a virtue , not a compulsion . 
  that 's literally the concept of charity stemming all the way from aristotle . 
  i should n't be forced to pay more for someone else 's dignity because they have a job that makes minimum wage . 
  also in response to your edit , i already dealt with that when the average minimum wage earner 's household income is 53k a year . 
  ( this does not include teens in the work force earning minimum wage ), 
  2.9 pct of people earn minimum wage . 
  the majority are young adults . 
  2/3 work ( in total ) less than 35 hrs a week . 
  just 4 pct of minimum wage workers are single parents working ful time , compared to 5.6 pct of total workers . 
  2/3 in raises in less than a year . 
  the minimum wage is just that , a minimum . 
  its not like there 's a ton of people stuck working minimum wage . 
  the average minimum wage earner 's household income is around 200 % the federal poverty limit for a family of 4 .
