   victorious armies win first then go to war . 
   `` the art of war teaches us to rely not on the likelihood of the enemy 's not coming , but on our own readiness to receive him ; not on the chance of his not attacking , but rather on the fact that we have made our position unassailable . '', 
  and you ca n't win wars with 50 miles of concrete pavement . 
  how is that relevant to questions like abortion , taxes , or war ? 
  how about history ? 
  what causes gravity ? 
  does public policy knowledge extend to knowing the rate at which an object falls in a vacuum ? 
  does evolution occur gradually or rapidly ? 
  etc, 
  you see , the best response to hate is n't more hate its indifference . 
  americans are indifferent to whether or not you hate them . 
  what about people who have different knowledge ? 
  should you vote for someone who can impact farms if you ca n't fix a tractor or milk a cow ? 
  it seems like the problem is n't democracy , but empathy . 
  people may have made different decisions , had different experiences , and hold different views . 
  should you be able to vote for a person who has a vote on farm issues if you ca n't fix a tractor , milk a cow , sow a field ? 
  knowledge is relative and subjective . 
  or what if theres debate over `` simple questions '' like what power the president has ? 
  so suburbs are developing ? 
  nothing phases me . 
  i 've been spit on , had guns pulled on me , been attacked , and mean things said about me on the internet . 
  i do n't lose any sleep over the last one . 
  might as well try , i work for the gop so i have on problem with more tea party turnout . 
  i think 2004 was a different mindset . 
  yeah , remember its the guardian choosing which to publish : http://www.cracked.com/funny-777-the-guardian/, 
  its a really interesting story , one of my favorites , i 'll try to sum it up here : okay so our story takes place in ohio , one of the most important swing states in the election , and it was neck and neck in all the polls . 
  inside this mythical swing state was the most important county of clark . 
  clark county is a bellweather county , that means the way the county goes , so goes the state ( normally ) . 
  part 1 : the guardian purchased election rolls ( people registered to vote in the county ) and started a letter writing campaign to get people to say `` we as europeans need you to fix the mistake that was bush , do your duty blah blah blah . '', 
  all that bullshit that was the rage in europe in 2004 . 
  so the guardian took the list and encouraged readers to request an address and send those voters a letter . 
  here 's the link to the responses to that letter writing campaign the guardian so cheerfully edited to make it look like americans were inbred and like bush or rational clear thinkers like them http://www.theguardian.com/world/2004/oct/18/uselections2004.usa2 so they were writing all these letters , the guardian claims 14k letters were written to the one county . 
  part 2 : every other democratic area of ohio saw about a 1 % drift compared to 2000 , moving towards john kerry giving him victory . 
  the end . 
  just kidding , clark county did n't drift like that and flipped to bush after voting for gore in 2000 . 
  clark was the only part of the state that did n't see any movement towards kerry . 
  bush won the state . 
  bush won the white house . 
  epilogue : americans really really really hate being told who to vote for by non-americans . 
  here 's a decent article about it after the fact : http://usatoday30.usatoday.com/news/politicselections/vote2004/2004-11-04-brits-letters_x.htm, 
  remember in 2004 when the guardian and its readers maybe cost kerry the election ? 
  that was fun . 
  what we need is more of the english left in and worried about american politics to keep it interesting . 
  true on the `` real '' '' special relationship that really emerged out of ww2 and the 1950s when the us was tired of de gaulle 's shit and started only really talking to england about international issues . 
  canada is probably the closest to the us in terms of allies ( the whole military basing and borders ) but outside of north america its definitely gb . 
  whens the last time the united states has invaded a european country ? 
  edit : and how the fuck is the tsa a threat to world peace ? 
  it looks like you just gave head to some alphabet soup and are just spitting out letters . 
  yes . 
  can someone please enlighten me how in the world the united states is a threat to europe . 
  if anything , the us is less than inclined to get involved in europe than anywhere else . 
  that only shows that people have n't been taking their meds . 
  americans are distinctly anti-multicultural . 
  we 're more of , `` everyone 's welcome to join in and effect our culture '', 
  there 's a distinct difference between a nation that was destroyed by the soviet union and the western allies from both sides , and one that mismanages its finances . 
  well the 2 +4 treaty put a formal end to reparations requests , aka greece is over 2 decades late to the party , even if greece did n't accept it they 'd be sol . 
  so back to reparations . 
  after the war it was n't clear who was going to get what . 
  so the decision was made that countries were n't getting x amount of dollars from the defeated germany , they were getting x percent of what germany had to give . 
  so greece got a little less than 5 % of what germany had to give and were happy with it . 
  ( at this point , as in war , there 's no happy good luck feeling about who suffered the most should get the most as the main contention , but who won it and had the power and will to get reparations . 
  hence you see the us and british figures dwarfing everyone elses . ), 
  https://s3.amazonaws.com/files.scribblelive.com/2015/3/23/1158892_351498609a703d63-eeaa-418d-982d-825a3947d761.pdf?wmode=opaque#viewer.action=download the two questions greece bring up now is the cost of occupation and a loan to germany from greece . 
  1st , cost of occupation is easy to dismiss because the hague convention ( to which both are signatories ) says that occupied nations have to pay for occupying troops . 
  so no luck greece . 
  secondly , the loan , a 0 % loan to germany , that hinges on whether the loan was made under duress or collaboration . 
  germany says collaboration , greece says duress , every other major player points to 2 +4 . 
  you ca n't get 1 % on your savings account because the banks want to make money . 
  with money being printed by the fed to prop up low interest rates , the banks ca n't lend at high rates . 
  because no matter what inflation says , the best deal in town is still the feds ridiculously low rates , and banks and companies adjust to that rate . 
  but the us is the unique case , it leads the world economically , countries tie their currency to the dollar keeping theirs artificially low ( re china ) to maintain export competitiveness . 
  the us 's capital and business creation system makes it ridiculously easy to keep inflation low because of constant gains in economic growth and productivity , as well as continued excellent trust in the us to pay its debts . 
  because according to germany ( and mainly the us ) following ww2 they paid back as much as they could ( ca n't squeeze water from a stone ) and that greek government accepted it . 
  this was when the us took the marshall plan view of post war europe , told everyone else to basically fuck off with regards to west germany . 
  then the greeks got in trouble financially , demanded the full amount , and germany was n't too keen on forking over more money after they ( and their allies ) considered the matter settled . 
  add onto that the 2 +4 agreement which was the final surrender/decisions related to germany and reunification which legally ends the war and all claims about the war not already negotiated , and germany considers itself legally ( not talking about individual citizens moral view ) done with everything new related to wwii . 
  and since greece was n't a party to 2 +4 , they did n't ( and do n't ) get a say . 
  so inflation so high it discourages saving , rewards debtors , and creates problems in capital projects and new business outlays ? 
  learning about european in the us is about what i assume the importance of learning about african geography in europe . 
  we all have to learn our different states . 
  its like when i went to europe around '04 ( 1 . 
  oh dear god never again , 2 . 
  oh sweet jesus thank you guardian ) , people wanted to talk american politics with me and some would get offended when i told them most americans could n't name the french president or british prime minister or german chancellor etc or even what the top office was called . 
  then i asked them if they knew something like indonesia or nigeria 's political situation . 
  they usually got really offended . 
  its the same with europe in the us , halfway around the world , kinda cool guys , but still halfway around the world . 
  its just a matter of perspective and size . 
  tehran is as far away from london as san fran is from dc . 
  well considering most states are larger than most european countries ... just trying to put some perspective in the america bashing, 
  do the states one , what will you get ? 
  97 % 2 minutes . 
  thanks ck2 and eu4, 
  which is extremely funny , because it is highly likely that the guardian 's attempt to influence 2004 might have won the election for bush, 
  its really not that complex , and if you have to dance around it , something is wrong . 
  i will proudly and easily say , `` it is morally wrong to kill people for leaving your religion . '', 
  would he say the same ? 
  okay , you did n't refute his point that he advocated the death penalty for apostasy . 
  / u/poivriere said  he advocated the death penalty for apostasty you say  muslims should not be killing exmuslims , that is only for the legal authorities to decide, 
  greek fraternities come from the fact they use greek letters and differentiated themselves from latin letter fraternities in that they were for undergraduates and not honor societies . 
  and , from founding and up until around 100 years ago the frontier was a place of skirmishes against native tribes where people had to come together and defend their town before the ( literal ) cavalry arrived .
