  because there was n't this huge tit for tat vengeance going on . 
  americans and british did n't die because they were n't cruel , they could get the enemy to surrender rather than fight to the death . 
  there 's no nobility in death for the sake of death which is what you 're doing romanticizing the sacrifices of the russians and germans on the eastern front . 
  americans and the british reached the same outcome fighting on 2 + fronts . 
  just because a lot of people die , does n't mean they did more it only means that they lost more men . 
  we should n't hold losses as some arbiter of value though . 
  there 's only one goal in war , victory . 
  stalin achieved that goal , to his credit , but it shows much greater skill to be able to win through capture and capitulation than death . 
   in war , then , let your great object be victory , not lengthy campaigns . 
   a lesser general wins 1000 of 1000 battles , a great general wins the war without a battle . 
  saying someone did more to win the war because they took the most losses/inflicted the most is like saying the item that takes the most man-hours to prepare is most valuable . 
  just because it will probably take me many hours to make a shirt does not mean that that shirt is more valuable than one mass produced or produced by more skilled labor . 
  i 've been in both situations in us customs security . 
  trust me , you want preclearance very badly when you 're sitting in a customs line when a flight from the middle east arrived before you . 
  world series of soccer, 
   if fifa revokes usa 's membership , it will be bad , but nowhere near as devastating is if it happened to one of the big european fas . 
  if fifa kicked the us out , every american would immediately become the world 's biggest soccer fan and we 'd host our own tournament . 
  there 's nothing america loves more than than the change to piss off the world with petty responses when they piss us off, 
  who committed what crime ? 
  they hired a retired da from the southern district of new york , this case was in the eastern district of new york . 
  the guy they hired is also good , personal friends , and had worked a long time with the current head of the fbi . 
  the acting brooklyn da is the one taking point . 
  the ag was just there because its a big deal and the ag is a big deal . 
  shit , my bad , guess there 's just sentencing then . 
  and fifa ca n't do anything to the us . 
  the us literally cares 0 for fifa 's opinion . 
  when the us lost to qatar for 2022 they did n't just piss off a soccer official , they pissed off the former president ( clinton ) in charge of the us 's bid . 
  ca n't spell rico without i.o.c !, 
  bill clinton lost the bid to qatar . 
  bubba ai n't nothin to fuck wit . 
  i 'm wrong . 
  this is a da making the move of her career . 
  she 's going to put these feathers right in her hat nice and snug . 
  us foreign policy would worry more if our allies would actually show up . 
   you yourself acknowledged that the us is bound by it . 
  degree of enforcement is a whole other subject . 
  they 're bound by it , but if you read the case , they said that it did n't matter . 
  bound to what extent ? 
  a strongly written letter will come if you do n't ? 
  look up executable vs. non-executable treaties . 
  aka only bound in which the senate , through ratification , created law . 
   capital punishment prohibition is not an international legal obligation , at least for the us . 
  in the eu it is because states have signed the echr ( and other conventions ) , which the us has not . 
  the case was n't about capital punishment but whether the us had treaty obligations under a treaty it was party to . 
  the us recognized it did have obligations that it was bound to . 
  the us also recognized that those obligations did not carry weight over texas law . 
   if there is deemed an infringement of the us rule over international law , then the us rule will be found a violation of int law . 
  it may still continue to be valid under national law , but under international law us will be in violation until that changes . 
  the us government will still be bound to change it . 
  the us does n't care and has repeatedly ruled that it does not care . 
   the misconception that the us constitution is above international law is especially prevalent in the us the us courts have ruled completely opposite of that . 
  the us has , in all relevant cases , ruled that the us constitution is above international law . 
  any third party would read the same cases i 've provided you , unbiased , and arrive at the conclusion that no matter any other argument , the us just simply does recognize international law as supreme . 
   i 've given you art 25 that specifically points to the us bound by the un sc . 
  that 's applicable even if us law will say otherwise . 
  that 's the problem , they are n't . 
  us law , within the us , has a clear and established history of being supreme , look at the medellin v texas case . 
  it literally says `` yeah sure we recognize it and we acknowledge that it says we should do x buttttt anyway moving on , execute him '', 
  reid v. covert is specifically the opposite . 
  i 'm not saying show me where international law says its supreme . 
  show me where us law says internatoinal law is supreme . 
  here 's another citation on it in practice : the result is that states may enact laws inconsistent with non-self-executing treaties until those treaties are executed . 
  the court 's recent decision in medell\u00edn v. texas confirms and illustrates this point . 
  mexican national jose ernesto medell\u00edn was sentenced to death in texas for his participation in the gang rape and murder of two teenage girls . 
  the us , however , failed to notify medell\u00edn of his right to contact the mexican consulate for help in his criminal prosecution as required by the vienna convention on consular relations ( vienna convention ) . 
  in response to a suit brought by mexico , the international court of justice ( icj ) held that the us had violated its treaty commitments under the vienna convention and was obligated to review and reconsider the convictions and sentences of medell\u00edn and other mexican nationals . 
  the court acknowledged that the icj judgment was binding on the us as a matter of international law . 
  however , the court concluded that the judgment did not preempt texas procedural default law , under which medell\u00edn 's vienna convention claim was barred , because the us treaty obligation to comply with icj judgments was non-self-executing . 
  you 're talking passed me . 
  you 're saying that international law is the highest power . 
  i say the constituion specifically refutes that for the united states . 
  you do not prove that the us , specifically , recognizes international law as above the constitution . 
  and speaking from experience , con law is very clear that the constitution is the supreme law of the land , and thats a first year law class . 
  good thing its a unipolar world . 
  you ca n't say that international law is above . 
  then i respond that the us is n't a party to it . 
  and your response be `` well its a nice custom we 've had for a while . '', 
  in the united states , there is absolutely no higher law than the constitution . 
  there is no conceivable existance of anything manmade above the constitution . 
  the constitution and other founding documents clearly establish that any law , treaty , or regulation is below , and exists through , the constitution . 
  this is con law 101 in the united states . 
  treaties derive their power in the united states from the constitution , laws in the united staes derive their power from the constituion , hell even the recognition of gov ' t debts derives from the constitution . 
  imagine you live in an absolutist monarchy , there is no one above the sovereign . 
  if the soveriegn recognizes treaties , it stems from the power of the soveriegn . 
  but the sovereign has a clause that says there can never ever ever , ever , ever , ever , be a law higher than the sovereign . 
  that 's the us constituion . 
   see : art 47 and 26 vienna convention on law of treaties . 
  of which the us is not a party . 
  inform myself better : http://www.fclr.org/fclr/articles/html/2010/socarras.pdf http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/reid_v._covert there is literally a supreme court case that says , and i 'm quoting exactly :  there is nothing new or unique about what we say here . 
  this court has regularly and uniformly recognized the supremacy of the constitution over a treaty . 
  for example , in geofroy v. riggs , 133 u.s. 258 , 267 , it declared :  the treaty power , as expressed in the constitution , is in terms unlimited except by those restraints which are found in that instrument against the action of the government or of its departments , and those arising from the nature of the government itself and of that of the states . 
  it would not be contended that it extends so far as to authorize what the constitution forbids , or a change in the character of the government , or in that of one of the states , or a cession of any portion of the territory of the latter , without its consent . 
  edit : `` implies the us recognizes the authority of the un sc as above that of domestic legal orders . '', 
  really ? 
  study us governance , in a large amount of cases the us federal gov ' t does not have any power over ` domestic legal orders ' to hypothetically cede power to . 
  warmaking is solely at the discretion of the congress and president . 
  treaties are solely at the discretion of the senate and president . 
  enacting treaty provisions into domestic law is at the discretion of the senate , house of representatives , and president . 
  funding such laws and treaties is primarilly at the discretion of the house . 
  it is very clearly stated that the constitution is the supreme law of the land .
