  if the unsc `` mandated '' someone in the us gov ' t to act and they did n't want to or it was against us law , no one would lose any sleep over ignoring the unsc . 
  internatoinal law , treaties , and obligations only apply to the us gov ' t when the us gov ' t wants it to and ceases when the us gov ' t does n't want it to . 
  let us vote , we got you . 
  loudoun and fairfax counties are also quiet tech hubs with less social oriented businesses but more enterprise oriented . 
  well this video may be relevant : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=j_6fv0tcwji, 
  well this video may be relevant : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=j_6fv0tcwji, 
  why the hell are people shooting with it resting on their bicep ? 
  the fact they 're idiots are a bigger cause of bruising than recoil . 
  ( except number 2 what grain was he shooting ), 
  unless you 're a little kid shooting an unnaturally large round , or you think shooting is cod and leave your eye pressed to the site when you pull the trigger , you are rarely going to show any physical evidence of shooting as long as you hold the gun right . 
  from beginning of the day til the end the same people handle the votes . 
  representatives from each candidate are party are allowed to be in the voting area ( but not the booths ) for the entirety of the time , from delivering the machines to sending in the final tally . 
  votes are counted , double counted , then sent in . 
  each candidate or party may challenge the outcome and are seen before either the election board or a circuit court judge . 
  us is by all metrics one of the easiest places to start a business . 
  freedom to fail is huge . 
  people are more willing to get back up and start again and people are more willing to go in with those people again . 
  nato territories within north america , europe , or north of the tropic of cancer . 
  only applies to attacks within north america or europe . 
  `` for out of the heart come evil thoughts , murder , adultery , sexual immorality , theft , false testimony , slander . '', 
  matthew 15:19 hell , there 's even a command by jesus to buy yourself a weapon to protect yourself in luke . 
  when his disciples say , we have two swords , he 's like , alright , those are enough . 
  it may be literally the oldest ` theory on political relations ' . 
   '' ** right , as the world goes , is only in question between equals in power , ** while the strong do what they can and the weak suffer what they must '' - thucydides, 
  have you tried talking to them . 
  i throw on my fakest southern accent . 
  sprinkle in way more y' alls and ma'ams than is appropriate and talk about my ( imaginary ) truck and my ( imaginary ) pet bald eagle . 
  but george baldington or abeagle lincoln only gets brought up after i 'm hammered . 
  iranian girls are like shooting fish in a barrel for an american . 
  we asked , afterwards . 
  the first rule of international law is that international law does not apply to countries with nuclear weapons . 
  okay so we call our country officially the united states of america , then theres the united mexican states or united states of mexico , and there was also the united states of central america . 
  sorry when north america was naming everything there were a bunch of united states so we went with `` america '' as a short hand . 
  mexico went with `` mexico '' and central america ended up splitting up . 
  the next time someone says `` the united states '' be a prick and ask `` did n't know mexico ... x , y , z '', 
  and if you were `` that foreign invasion '' when you got the borders for your country , and you were threatened with genocide from each of your neighbors , would you not take a strong stance to defend your family . 
  its thou shall not murder . 
  there 's other parts of the bible where they curse the man who wo n't take up the sword to defend his home , curse those who fail to execute an intentional murderer , and curse those who execute an unintentional one . 
  they do n't like liberation theology he has flirted with . 
  you really need to work on your shitposting . 
  half those links are broken, 
  because america loves liberal democratic states . 
  fatah charter article 12 :  article ( 12 ) complete liberation of palestine , and eradication of zionist economic , political , military and cultural existence . 
  hamas covenant : preamble :  israel will exist and will continue to exist until islam will obliterate it , just as it obliterated others before it article 27 :  we are unable to exchange the present or future islamic palestine with the secular idea . 
  the islamic nature of palestine is part of our religion and whoever takes his religion lightly is a loser . 
  watch out , the lions and rotary clubs are tools of the zionist new world order , article twenty-eight :  the zionist invasion is a vicious invasion . 
  it does not refrain from resorting to all methods , using all evil and contemptible ways to achieve its end . 
  it relies greatly in its infiltration and espionage operations on the secret organizations it gave rise to , such as the freemasons , the rotary and lions clubs , and other sabotage groups . 
   israel , judaism and jews challenge islam and the moslem people . 
  they wo n't let a jewish state exist . 
  article thirty one :  peace and quiet would not be possible except under the wing of islam . 
   it is the duty of the followers of other religions to stop disputing the sovereignty of islam in this region , because the day these followers should take over there will be nothing but carnage , displacement and terror . 
  funnily enough , they embrace protocols of the elders of zion , long known as a fake , an old russian creation to engender hatred towards jews . 
  article thirty two :  their plan is embodied in the `` protocols of the elders of zion '' , and their present conduct is the best proof of what we are saying . 
  also jews are nazis and tatars :  there is no way out except by concentrating all powers and energies to face this nazi , vicious tatar invasion . 
  i 'm bored . 
  that was too easy . 
  and who elects dc ? 
  the us back down ? 
  that ai n't in our blood . 
  can the commercial ar-15 stand winter temps ? 
  when i went plinking with mine in sub 0 temp it had a lot of problems . 
  ended up just using a m1903, 
  i did n't want to explain ex cathedra . 
  my explanation comes off as circular when people ask `` is n't the head of state always speaking ( doctrinally ) with the full power of his office '', 
  the pope is infallible in matters of doctrine , not in state craft . 
  ask mr. henry viii how someone can disagree with him . 
  how can the us work with a government who 's stated goal is to wipe israel off the map ? 
  you ca n't aid a side who 's goal is to take more money to make more weapons . 
  the aid that got sent to build houses gets used to build tunnels and bunkers . 
  palestinians have used up most of any good will the americans have towards them and have a position of no geopolitical significance . 
  palestine is literally the little kid on the playground who keeps picking fights and then running to the teacher when he gets his ass kicked . 
  with who , hamas ? 
  i can see what happens after we promote a ` secular , liberal palestine '  dae hate the us . 
  they are controlling palestine . 
  down with us imperialism !, 
  they changed the elected government !, 
  yeah just remember that if the vatican ever accepts liberation theology , you might have another split , like in england , in north america . 
  http://www.nytimes.com/2015/04/17/us/catholic-church-ends-takeover-of-leadership-conference-of-women-religious.html http://www.pewresearch.org/fact-tank/2014/10/03/vatican-synod-on-family-highlights-discord-between-church-teachings-and-u-s-catholics-views-2/ http://www.pewresearch.org/fact-tank/2013/06/26/many-american-catholics-at-odds-with-vatican-on-homosexuality/ http://www.usatoday.com/story/news/nation/2014/11/01/pope-francis-catholics-americans-culture/18263293/ and thats not even getting into the vatican 's shifting stance on liberation theology which is hated in america . 
  evil capitalists . 
  american catholics are growing more distant from the vatican in terms of world views . 
  man , if only cantor had n't lost in a primary . 
  in a few years all the crazies would be proven right !, 
  or because it is the only liberal democracy in the region . 
  you 're celebrating that you did n't give up . 
   the difference between a successful person and others is not a lack of strength , not a lack of knowledge , but rather in a lack of will . 
  not celebrating that you failed , more celebrating you got back up again . 
  well shit , that seems to suck . 
  thanks for the detailed response . 
  edit : i guess there are n't the european ceos and businessman who brag about how many times they 've failed then ? 
  why is going bankrupt viewed like that ? 
  yeah , fuck the workers , because now there 's no jobs . 
  yeah but politics is n't exactly your average american , they are far left of the american center . 
  or inspiring your side to turnout . 
  more periods . 
  less commas . 
  to make it shorter . 
  its not even factual , they rely on a few feel good stories , a story about a guy who people get mad at for choosing not to play when he makes millions a year . 
  they hold up california 's law as a shining beacon despite people and corporations leaving the state in droves . 
  they act outraged that contractors are n't included .
