  no one forces you to do anything , its a choice . 
  you can take august off but that means you 'll be sucking on a government teat for your entire life . 
  hit me up when you have a thriving economy . 
  do n't wonder why your economy is shit then . 
  there is n't anything wrong with showing some hustle . 
  so the other bakery gets rewarded for being open , no ones punished except for not working hard . 
  i certainly imagine other people would like to make more money too, 
  `` poor mexico , too far from god and too close to the united states '', 
  i think its that everyone has their own traditions , but you 're not like a `` swedish community '' i go to quinceneras where like 90 % of the people are white or i suffer through someone 's kids bar mitvah where half of us are christian . 
  they literally go wait outside 7/11 or home depot and wait to get picked up by general contractors/home owners who need work done . 
  or they work really shitty jobs for low pay and long hours to make it . 
  the only immigrants who really get welfare are the ones with whole families . 
  single men crowd into apartments and live like 6 a bedroom and work outside home depot . 
  ninja edit : and they get most of their institutional support from churches , and there 's communities in place for them to go to . 
  they do n't starve . 
  they work shit jobs , hard jobs , jobs others wo n't do just for the chance to maybe get a card or legal residency . 
  bilingualism does not persist in fluency past the first/second , and bilingualism does not persist past the second/third in any groups in the united states ( except for mexicans and dominicans , because well , they 're right there ) . 
  california , with its large asian immigrant population , sees rates in some groups lower than pre-1960s immigration waves for maintaining language of cultural origin . 
  because even if you live in a poorer area you 're not segregated out of developing a sense of community due to academic performance . 
  school placement/choice is big in the uk and germany has segregation based on academic achievement . 
  except for charter schools in the us its `` you live there you go there . '', 
  and because languages follow the culture that formed them , they did n't want their kids learning something different . 
  it was you are american , americans speak only english , therefore you will only speak english . 
  britain , where they do n't investigate for fear of seeming racist . 
  sweden , where they do n't name facts about perpetrators to not seem racist . 
  germany , where they brush assaults and sexual assaults under the rug to not seem racist . 
  you ca n't compare continent or countries debating about respecting and accepting others cultures and turning blind eyes to crime out of fear of being racist to a country where `` press 2 for spanish '' is a major political issue . 
  they go to american schools , intermixed . 
  yes immigrants maintain some cultural identity but they do n't come to the us for welfare or something guaranteed , they come to become americans for the most part . 
  so yeah my grandmothers made potato pancakes and weird foreign food during christmas but both pairs of my grandparents refused to teach my parents any language but english because `` you 're americans '' and thats the way it is a lot of immigrant households . 
  like i said , you can import your food , your holidays , your fun , but you do n't bring your rules with you . 
  because the us rejects multi-culturalism . 
  you come , but you 're assimilated into now , we 'll take your food and probably add a holiday if we can make it an excuse to drink , but thats about it . 
  and the us provides very little welfare to immigrants , if you 're a single male/single member household ( aka you 're a male by yourself ) its literally impossible to get welfare . 
  so who matters ? 
  the one everyone knows , or your 3 out of 11 score for the rest ? 
  without looking it up , who 's the president of the us ? 
  who 's the executive head of japan , indonesia , taiwan , croatia , serbia , australia , new zealand , ethiopia , south africa , libya , or venezuela ... 
  everything before 1776 was a mistake though !, 
  / s but you 're ignoring that the us primarily developed with a strong isolation from european and world affairs , essentially if it was n't in the western hemisphere we really did n't care that much . 
  and after the mexican-american war there was no real ` competing powers ' like the rest of the world endured in their foreign relations and world views . 
  the us was the pre-eminent power in its locality for pretty much the entirety of its history , leading to a vastly different world view that entire books are spent dissecting and explaining , but simply put it comes with a certain cultural self-assurance . 
  `` pop '' culture you use like its derogatory , but even the non-pop culture the us leads . 
  broadway , modern art , architecture , etc. . . the us dominates . 
  admit it , you wear american jeans , listen to american music , and the primary coverage of your international news focuses on america . 
  so literally everything on a printing press or a camera is european culture ? 
  you 're taking claim that because american culture is a descendant of english culture , which is a descendant of some pan-european culture , america is european ? 
  there are drastic and fundamental differences between the two cultures . 
  you 're claiming america as european because its somewhat related . 
  america is not european , there are strong differences in world view , beliefs , viewpoints , and their view of themselves in historical context , from the historical developments of each . 
  sorry our culture is out there in movies , books , and new buildings , and not in museums or ruins . 
  but france 's agriculture laws want to pretend the world still works with small little farms and that increases in productivity the world over in yield per acre is n't affecting it . 
  i 'm just saying , you ca n't run that small of a size and expect it to be a good income , irregardless of where you are . 
  when you 're competing against ranches 1k sq km larger than luxembourg ... 
  in the us you 're only allowed to bring your spouse and children and they are n't entitled to bring , i do n't know how it functions in other countries but with that strict criteria in the us it accounts for about 2.5 people per asylee . 
  how can they afford to run a farm with only 50 head ? 
  pretty much anyone with under 100 head is a farm who is n't doing cattle as their main source . 
  most major cattle ranches have well over 100 head even in spite of the recent drought . 
  the massive ones have well over 5000 head . 
  some of the largest ranches in the us are bigger than some european countries . 
  its that they are banned if they were n't in the us before 1986 , so they 're now investments mainly . 
  there 's some pieces of metal , which make certain guns automatic , that have their documentation so they can be used that are worth more than gold in weight . 
  no , i 'm saying speech should n't be restricted by the majority no matter how large . 
  that 's what the exact quote says . 
  its called a candlemakers petition . 
  its from bastiat where he argued the logical end result of this argument is for the government to block out the sun so that candlemakers jobs are secure . 
  no they just require a security clearance for some though . 
  and since you are acting on behalf of theus gov ' t you should be a us citizen . 
  and then you would n't have groups like the splc saying mean things about the kkk . 
  speech in the us is pretty much in the direct thread of john stuart mill 's defense of it . 
  `` if all mankind minus one were of one opinion , and only one person were of the contrary opinion , mankind would be no more justified in silencing that one person than he , if he had the power , would be justified in silencing mankind . '', 
  rights apply to all people in the us , not just citizens ( except for voting , running for office , and federal jobs ), 
  no but i prefer gunbroker.com, 
  not texas , until recently texas had some oddly stringent laws like no open carry . 
  you can only buy long guns that way . 
  and yes , there are still great sites like gun broker to sell handguns . 
  2/3 must pass , 3/4 must ratify . 
  there 's two different ways to amend the constitution . 
  the first is through the national legislature passing a proposed amendment then the states voting on it , the second is states calling for a convention to pass amendments which are then voted on by the states . 
  actually all statistics point to home invasions being either by unarmed or lightly armed individuals . 
  the fact of a matter is a gun is a gun and its a great ` force equalizer ' which is why you see very active women 's and gay groups for getting their population to own guns because the criminal will no longer have any physical advantage in many confrontations . 
  the size of the gun is n't what matters , its the fact it is a gun . 
  for those confused shall and may issue are mainly us legal terms relating to gun rights . 
  shall issue means you get a gun unless you are disqualified . 
  may issue means you get a gun only if you have a qualifying reason . 
   lesser crimes also exclude you from gun ownership in the switzerland than the us , assuming the state even reports your felony to the nics ( many states suck at this and they typically are progun states ) . 
  should someone be denied the right to own a gun because of a misdemeanor ? 
  ny tried to send investigators to va cause a lot of guns and tobacco make it up from va into nyc . 
  va responded with threatening to arrest the next police officer they sent . 
  they also told the federal government they 'd arrest anyone trying to get a german citizen out of a virginia prison to send back to germany . 
  it does n't work like that in practice , most armies do n't have full auto on standard infantry rifles because its so useless . 
  go try shooting and feel the kick , and try to shoot 3 quick times on target , even if your first hits the target i guarantee the next one wo n't and the third wo n't be close . 
  fully auto is a waste of money because it sacrifices control for rate of fire . 
  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nm8xve5b4yk watch the first few seconds of that , its a very highly trained and experienced shooter , shooting at 3 targets less than 25 yards away with an oversized magazines and he hits what , 1 out of 3 . 
  its very difficult and expensive to modify a gun to shoot full auto . 
  you are completely rerouting the gas for the most part . 
  now machine guns are either shot by really rich people , held in museums under give-back agreements , donated to museums , or held as investments . 
  yeah is the difference between the us and a lot of other nations that have gun ownership , the us ( for most states ) is `` shall issue '' which means unless you have a disqualifying reason you get it , and `` may issue '' means you have to have a qualifying reason . 
  it happened in china when he did n't comply, 
  no the problem is the tos does not allow pseudonyms , which germany lists as a privacy right .
