  :( all we want to do is for you to buy our stuff and we buy yours . 
  like do people not understand how bad it is over there ? 
  vietnam , a country we took everyone who supported us out of or they got killed or `` re-educated '' , is turning to the us for help against chinese expansion . 
  their kids are born with deformities from the war and they 're still like , `` hey uh america wan na come help us , pretty please '', 
  [ picture of the us claim ] ( http://cdn.rsvlts.com/wp-content/uploads/2015/04/awvktlr.jpg ) and our readiness to enforce it . 
  get some chains on your tires !, 
  only way to get anywhere . 
  first battle of manassas . 
  also disney tried to buy it to build a theme park called disney america . 
  get married . 
  you 'd have just shy of a 3 % chance !, 
  the music is a base for a lot of other southern songs like to arms in dixie, 
  hey there 's lots of stuff in manassas . 
  like that big park with a few cannons and a statue people use for horse trails and dates . 
  its just so badass , the lyrics are basically saying `` hey we 're god 's judgement coming to wreck shit with a vengeance '' they do n't pansy around saying something like `` god 's on our side '' or `` go fight '' its `` we are going to bring the wrath of god upon you . '', 
  it was a kind of unofficial song for the us after 9/11 sang in churches . 
  it was part of the service at westminster abbey following 9/11 . 
  my number two patriotic hard-on song is `` over there '' just for the chorus . 
  ( though its also a pretty popular soccer song with the same chorus , different verses ) https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=t1nlcwsoi8c, 
  maybe by upstate he meant poughkeepsie . 
  i do n't think he knows about lake effect snow . 
  ive never heard that version , its great . 
  i love it when the crowd sings along too https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lhh14iyox5w, 
  there 's really no `` one-right way '' to sing our national anthem . 
  yes , the music has specific composition , but you sing whatever way freedom moves you . 
  you can go traditional : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9etrr-xhbje or whitney houston : https://youtu.be/n_lcmbvymrs?t=75, 
  not an anthem , but pretty close and gives me chills so i 'm going with battle hymn of the republic . 
  ( more ) classic version : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kr7hpqm0jgg chorus version : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qsivjlknusw, 
  party structure and political parties in the us are much weaker . 
  you directly represent x number of people and that 's it , no party boss , nothing else . 
  and if you do n't dance with the ones who brought you . . look at eric cantor , spent too much time trying to get higher in leadership and forgetting that to be in leadership in congress , you have to be in congress . 
  kinda our thing ... 
  lottery is just that , a lottery , everyone get a chance . 
  by definition prehistory ended ~ 3200 bc , so basically its ( christianity ) just shy of 40 % , far from a blip . 
  http://www.bls.gov/emp/ep_table_303.htm older than 16 years . 
  there 's the breakdown . 
  edit : here 's a second link showing lower unemployment among foreign born than native born by a few percentage points . 
  edit : 16 +, 
  because the us enforces diversity visas ( green card lottery ) where some countries are ineligible because we have so many first gen already and some are heavily weighted cause we do n't have enough . 
  the us green card program is specifically designed to get just enough but not too much that they can spend their life in their own community . 
   the ones willing to leave their country have seen first hand how terrible the local dictator / government / religion has fucked them up and slowed them down in many ways so i understand them being somewhat liberal which is why the strongest voting bloc for republicans in the us was/is 1st generation vietnamese immigrants . 
  for workers who meet no qualifications for immigration , aka they have to go to the lottery , the uk and canada are ineligible because we already have to much . 
  its not a blip if you only focus on history , and not prehistory . 
  and the purchasing power has gone up ... we might earn relatively less , but we can buy relatively more . 
  and the average wage 's purchasing power is the highest in the world in the us . 
  and iranians everywhere else ? 
  and how about somalis in maine ? 
  or people from the levant in northern virginia ? 
  it is the case for the majority of americans . 
  most americans have and had health insurance ( even before obamacare ) . 
  before obamacare only 16 % did n't have insurance and now 13 % do n't . 
  its often a lack of desire for insurance among young , healthy adults , which is why they have to be mandated to have it ( to cover the costs of older , sicker adults ) . 
  dude , next time go to a hospital with the name st. somedude-or-mary . 
  those are catholic hospitals with huge charity networks behind them . 
  yeah but he was talking about high unemployment and lack of integration , which is n't the case in the us passed the 2nd generation . 
  have to look to america ? 
  refugees and immigrant are often some of the most employed . 
  hispanic men have the highest rate of work force participation . 
  fun fact , he did n't make the ballot , he was n't kept off of it . 
  he just needs to do a keg stand , so deprived . 
  not really , clinton has a history , sanders does n't . 
  the electoral system prevents campaigns from limiting themselves to turnout games in their strongholds . 
  and the two party system has deals and factions coming together as one as decided by voters , not party leaders . 
  why do n't you ask them as individuals who they plan on voting for ( like the polls do ) before you go to home depot and pick up some paint swatches and tell each color who they should vote for . 
  not really , bill clinton was called `` the first black president '' they 've been involved for years and i think its up to individuals to judge , not someone outside , and they appreciate what the clintons have done over the years . 
  webb is an old school democrat . 
  he 's probably the last southern `` fight for the rural poor '' dem on the national level . 
  no one else on that stage still has ties to the white south . 
  it wo n't . 
  hillary has the black support : http://www.publicpolicypolling.com/pdf/2015/ppp_release_nationaldems_100615.pdf and its not just broad policy statements , hillary is comfortable going to 4 or 5 black churches every sunday which is something sanders has never had to do . 
  her support in the black community is insanely high . 
  ron paul would draw rallies of thousands of people , and have 500 show up to vote . 
  the people that show up are not regular voters , not movement democrats , and not representative of the demographics of the democratic party . 
  he 's not more pro-gun than webb . 
  obama also lost the popular vote to clinton , i like to bring that up everytime someone brings up gore . 
  but sanders will be stopped the moment he has to compete in core areas of the democratic primary base , mainly blacks . 
  trumps not on the right , he 's pro single payer universal healthcare . 
  they are just two populist not ideologues ( those would be o'malley and paul probably ) . 
  the train has left hyperboville and heads to overreactistan . 
  we really do n't . 
  there 's backlash whenever foreigners try to tell us what to do . 
  i mean it was n't flip cup , or chandeliers , or slap the bag , or even a good ole fashioned keg race . 
  i ca n't imagine his indignity if he experienced a keg race . 
  sounds like you need to play some beer pong and flip cup, 
  my grandmother made moonshine as as kid to feed her family during the great depression . 
  where there 's a will there 's a way . 
  jewish voting habits match standard baseline white voting habits when you account for location and income . 
  indian americans are slightly more conservative and vote gop more than the average . 
  what you said in that reference is simply not true, 
   i personally kind of like the law that is in estonia that you are allowed to defend yourself with the same amount of force that you are threatened by . 
  the us has a different doctrine ( in most states ) . 
  you are allowed to respond with deadly force to any threat that endangers your life or could cause significant injury . 
  so if someone comes at you with a bat , you do n't reach for a bat , you reach for a gun . 
  it basically says `` no bullshit , you make someone in fear of immediate bodily harm they can do whatever they wan '', 
  do n't worry , we 're nice enough to let germans rot in prison when they commit double murders instead of killing them . 
  yes , and sometimes justice is them dieing . 
  i 've been in bars where they dim the lights when someone gets executed ` just so they have enough power ', 
  because more people are buying it or are buying it at a higher price, 
  no two buck chuck ? 
  need some freedom ?
