  diplomacy by kissinger, 
  pakistan funded those bad boys . 
  and its not clear cut : according to christopher andrew and vasily mitrokhin , there is `` no support '' in any `` reliable source '' for `` the claim that the cia funded bin laden or any of the other arab volunteers who came to support the mujahideen . 
  yeah , keep repeating that but there 's zero shred of evidence that the us funded islamist or arab fighters in afghanistan . 
  you may remember after 9/11 we had funded and were still tight with the northern alliance , the group of fighters that was still fighting the taliban 20 years later . 
  remember when you were both told to pack your bags and go home in egypt ? 
  not really , the canadian and us air force and missile defense branches are near completely integrated as far as north american defense is concerned . 
  its extremely rare now in the united states for those type of sentences . 
  they have maximum sentences , if the court says you did x crime , you serve 15-30 years , you do 15-30 years , you do n't do 35 no matter how reformed or not you are . 
  ( as long as you did n't get any other charges while in prison ), 
  wasted so many nights on sse diplomacy . 
  and even further , sometimes by road commissions , natural resources boards , and port/travel authorities . 
  lack of jurisdiction = lack of tax . 
  it gets real weird in strict dillon 's rule states . 
  most states do n't have an online sales tax either . 
  sales tax is the purview of state governments . 
  everyone is a fifth irish on st. patricks day, 
  and the armor . 
  hnnnnnnnng, 
  fuck yeah https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=32icwzpdpks, 
  last i looked mine was hovering just shy of 4k . 
  i thought i was big graduating with ~ 700 . 
  on the bright side , lots of opportunities for anything not sports for me . 
  i had a friend who had a dry cleaners across the street from his office , he would pick up a fresh shirt every day from there and since he was a regular they 'd hold his jacket and pants for free . 
  i mean we do , just in rare cases where we want to tip high enough to skip a line . 
  that 's smaller than my high school was . 
  shit , i guess we 'll have to call in our canabros to back us up and win this one . 
  http://mentalfloss.com/article/57050/actual-size-greenland game over . 
  time to bring in the ringer boys , someone call alaska !, 
  i did n't know this was / r/worldnews but we can sure blame him and not katzenberg or jacobs , ( since we 're on jewish ) , or soros and steyer . 
  remember , its only wrong when the other side does it . 
  he 's not that successful , 5 million to romney pacs compared to over 97 million to losing candidates , mainly gingrich . 
  and the democratic primaries through new york . 
  canadian troops are the only troops stationed on us soil for non-training purposes and are the only foreign fighters to have flown over the us as part of its defense . 
  if its type one diabetes it might, 
  well yeah , bankruptcy is n't a free pass . 
  why should people lend to you if you 've already defaulted on debts ? 
  sweet tea fixes everything . 
  and the point that the world functions on . 
  us has a pretty balanced way . 
  declare bankruptcy , go to court to split up most assets with creditors , have absolutely shit credit for 7 years , start fresh . 
  considering he 's on fb with me half the day , i think he feels the same way and just wants to go back overseas for the extra $, 
  hah , my buddy did t2 support for the usmc, 
  lived in that area for a while , the interesting guys were only `` i work for the government '' `` oh doing what '' `` government work '' had a niece with career day at her elementary school in nova , her dad told me about a quarter of the kids there did n't know what both their parents did because one of them could n't say . 
  i got two teeth pulled , cost me 20 bucks out of pocket for the actual pulling and 40 bucks for the 3 prescription meds after it . 
  schip ( children ) covers families who are at or under 200 % of the federal poverty line ( a family of four earning $ 42,400 a year ) or 250 % in almost 20 states . 
  this is covered by a huge excise tax increase on cigarettes and a smaller but still large excise tax increase on chewing and dipping tobacco . 
  schip saw around a 45-60 % transfer rate from private insurance to schip . 
  medicaid covers the adults and children who fall under the federal poverty line . 
  there are also huge networks of charities in the united states that help with housing for families ( especially families with children ) while a member undergoes medical procedures and bill payments for medical operations ( catholic , lutheran , jewish and the ymca/ywca are huge on this front ) . 
  so , yeah , we 're not nearly as bad as the major subs make us out to be . 
  one fifth deep irish , the best kind of irish to be . 
  http://family.findlaw.com/parental-rights-and-liability/when-can-you-leave-a-child-home-alone-.html general guidelines , few states have exact age limits . 
  neighborhood bbq ... `` what do you do '' `` data and political analysis now '' `` what department '' `` uh , private sector '' `` oh , so youre a ` company man ' ,  '' `` no really , private sector '', 
  a good buddy i lived with for a while lived like 4 minutes from his office . 
  his office was on the line for the dc fed govt rates and everyone in his ( cheaper ) neighborhood all were gov ' t contractors or military happily working in areas just inside the dc rate line . 
  canada and the united states are probably the closest two countries in the world militarily . 
  canada flew sorties to clear us airspace on 9/11 in a unified command that 's existed since the beginning of the cold war . 
  they both have armed troops deployments in each other 's country . 
  well hampton roads ai n't expensive . 
  all the guys at quantico are happy to live in the dc region though the cheapest part of it . 
  would ... would you fight for us ? 
  thats an extreme problem in areas with tribalism and intense factionalism . 
  i remember reading an article i 'm trying to find about the different nations fighting against isis but the sense of nationalism makes a boy from anchorage willing to die to protect miami but the tribalism of iraq makes a sunni soldier not willing to fight to protect a shia area . 
  i think european nationalism needs to transcend nationalism and approach a sort of ` continentalism ' to have the same willingness to for soldiers fight for a different corner of europe . 
  as an american i see it like canada , gb , aus and nz , closer culturally then europe and israel , then a big gap in culture for til you hit the rest of the world . 
  well after the last eurovision , i really like the netherlands . 
  i 'm up at odd hours . 
  i work in politics and love politics . 
  sometimes you want to watch something different but similar , so i read about european politics and elections . 
  the u.s. didnt arm or train bin laden . 
  they armed what would come to make up the northern alliance . 
  bin laden was sidelined during the war and most of the support of the islamic fighters came from or through pakistan, 
  yes , its so much faster . 
  the us does this a few other airports . 
  it basically prechecks the flight . 
  they do n't have search or arrest powers . 
  they have the right to ask to search your bags but you do n't have to comply with their search . 
  gay males over 35 and settled down are perfect republican voters on many levels . 
  i work for that . 
  not anymore , gun laws get looser and a tragedy increases gun purchases . 
  the anti-2nd amendment crowd continually overplays their hand, 
  the only decision in the us is `` do i use uber or do i use lyft '', 
  or more competition . 
  regulation limited the market for taxis so they did n't have to compete with anyone so they could be as shitty as they want . 
  well they do give me free mints and soda ... so not that far off . 
  i 've never had an argument with an uber driver over the route . 
  i have one every time i take a taxi . 
  probably 5 % of my rides in taxis ( in dc mainly ) end up with me refusing to pay . 
  how far right are the meetings ? 
  major leadership in the tea party is gay and so was dubyas 2004 campaign manager . 
  i work in politics and there 's a ton of out of the closet gay guys in major positions . 
  lesbians are a different matter though . 
  but being gay in the gop does n't really matter anymore , you just have to like lower taxes and not like abortion . 
  i 'm pretty sure the entire gop would vote for a gay guy who promised to lower taxes than a preacher who promised to raise taxes . 
  and yall make fun of trump and we have a completely open process with no requirement to pay . 
   i think that hierarchy of perceived privilege ( also called the progressive stack ) and how it 's used are causing more of those who would have been sympathetic to the left now going towards the seemingly more rational of the far right groups white males vote republican about 6 % more every election cycle , might see it top 70 % in 2016 . 
  gay white males vote republican about 5 % more every election cycle , might see it top 40 % in 2016 and 55 % for those over 35 . 
  i was spot on in rome . 
  wales scotland and greece were the only countries i did n't get lectured or insulted in .
