  you also ca n't use a quote about businesses being okay with the law to large extents because they 're not the ones paying for it , the workers are because of the payroll tax . 
  and the french and malaysian economies are seen as jokes where i live . 
  except his bit on paid maternity leave is spurious , filled with half truths , and is more of an editorial than a story . 
  yes , but if you see how it changed , it changed because a good ol' american boy wanted to make some money , so he made dictionaries/textbooks . 
  not some mandate from gov ' t or a group trying to change it just because . 
  yes , you proved my point that english is ever changing . 
  instant runoff is a good option . 
  in some states in the united states if a candidate does n't get 50 % +1 there is a second election with only the top 2 candidates running . 
  its better than stv because you actually can see who the final two are and vote again . 
  its better that pr because it still maintains the local communities 's voice . 
  regional based fptp . 
  regional based fptp . 
  there 's something to be said for having each one of your representatives directly elected to and responsible to a certain state/area . 
  united states , territories and owned land . 
  not leased land though , thats why guantanamo bay exists as it exists . 
  in the last 100 years , only 5 of those have not been invaded/taken over . 
  and what schools would that be ? 
  education is a power of the state governments, 
  who simplifies it ? 
  if the uk simplifies it , americans wo n't change . 
  if america simplifies it , even america wo n't change . 
  if the eu does it , every english speaking country will probably troll them . 
  it has competing schools of language and grammar structure . 
  it is n't a matter of the state like french . 
  english just is . 
  bernie sanders does n't personally use his as far as i can tell , i think the only major politician who regularly uses a reddit account is / u/jaredpolis ( congressman jared polis ), 
  yeah , its a freaking tourist attraction now . 
  the canadian embassy in the us has undoubtedly improved ( even more ) its relations with , and image in , the us . 
  i only have like 2000 rounds left after stocking up about 6 months ago . 
  there was a line outside in the morning when they sent an email saying they got some in stock , thankfully i had the same idea and was around 6th in line . 
  they limited it to 10 boxes for the first 10 in line and 5 for the rest . 
  they had expected it to last 2 days , it lasted 4 hours . 
  and probably the most important to americans from early american history ... de tocqueville, 
  if you can find 500 rounds of .22 ill buy it from you . 
  literally please !, 
  we have so little left here because it is n't reloadable . 
  after the north hollywood shoot out , lapd would probably wipe the floor with them . 
  read what he said . 
  holy shit . 
  that the german military could get someone in the us . 
  that 's the only part i 'm disagreeing about . 
   anyone in u.s, 
  its nonsensical , so the germans are going to ` touch ' anyone in the united states . 
  the us has a long history of not giving back foreign nationals to any country if that foreigner either supported the us or was convicted in the us for a serious crime . 
  you said  so yes the german military probably could in response to  lol i 'm sure the german military could touch anyone in u.s. 
  the german military arresting americans on us soil . 
  do you want a war ? 
  the largest groups are german and irish . 
  everyone 's 1/5 irish on st. patrick 's day !, 
  and the fact that very few congressman rely on the national party or congressional leaders for their election . 
  boars , the only animal without a hunting season and almost no limits on killing them . 
  or in the us they switch to dip . 
  the south is only 19 % and is not the highest region . 
  i 'm sure if you included other tobacco use the south would go a little bit higher . 
  japan has n't revised it yet , just more liberally interpret it . 
  the uscg maintains the eagle , a training vessel . 
  ... just a big hairy american winning machine . 
  if you ai n't first , you 're last . 
  the gerald r. ford has already been launched , just waiting on commissioning . 
  ayyyy, 
  states rights are rights which are reserved to the states . 
  in amendment 10 of the us constitution it states `` the powers not delegated to the united states by the constitution , nor prohibited by it to the states , are reserved to the states respectively , or to the people . '', 
  basically it says unless the power is specifically granted to the federal government in the constitution , it is the power of the states . 
  thats what they mean by states rights , when arguing those rights the states will argue with the federal gov ' t their extent of their enumerated powers . 
  so its kinda like the opposite of laws in that powers that are not granted to the federal gov ' t are forbidden . 
  so states have the authority over most crime , and all crime exclusively within their borders that does not impact commerce or is not treason . 
  edit : tl ; dr states rights are the powers the states have the right to execute . 
  not paying ransom decreases the rewards of taking hostages . 
  that 's why the only american hostages you see taken are by people who are motivated by something other than monetary hatred . 
  ransoms for americans are also significantly higher than non-americans . 
  i do not see how an american president can justify giving money to fund terrorist groups no matter the life saved . 
  ( second most , no one 's got shit on canada ), 
   i would say that european universities are usually more geared to the broad public instead of focusing on few elitist and super-moneyed institutions . 
  look at any somewhat large and not elitist or rich college . 
  you will find they have some kind of technology or business center add on . 
  well it is international relations , where the response is always `` shoulda fought harder '', 
  before industrialization . 
  correlation = / = causation . 
  the world is powered by tears . 
  its okay , i 'll buy them up for you . 
  their militaries are largely integrated . 
  they are the largest trading relationship in the world . 
  there 's a large sense of kinship . 
  what y' all have de jure , we have de facto . 
  except for government ties , and immigration rules , canada and the us are probably closer in practice than any two random eu nations . 
  its okay , we can come over again . 
  there 's studies showing that it both lowers murder and violent crime rates . 
  well i do n't think afghanistan counts as `` interventionism '' because the us did have a different cassus belli because of 9/11, 
  i think its easier for them to drink alcohol , speak english , etc * because * at the end of they day they are n't giving up an identity , they 're trading it and merging it . 
  there 's no racial or historical identity to being an american , its not like you have to pretend your ancestors have some 1000 year old claim to the land along with everyone else , you just come over and say `` i 'm an american '' and we 're like `` fuck yeah , another murican '', 
  did you confuse afghanistan with iraq ? 
   `` i 've been thinking of moving to eastern ukraine or crimea to resist american capitalism . '', 
  thats from trollabot . 
  if thats true i will buy you a ticket today . 
  its about 18 years worth of production if you have enough mines . 
  if its less official they meet in the blair house or if its super important they meet at camp david . 
  ca n't kill commies with pavement ? 
  and france and germany were more economically interconnected leading to ww1 than they are today . 
  and england were close with germany until germany built a navy . 
  and war would be over because the strongest powers based their armies on the pillars of industry , railroad time tables .
