yeah those damn mormons stood outside the show !!!, 
  and handed out literature and bought advertisements in the program to try to get people to join . 
  they 'd rather have the poor be more poor as long as the rich are less rich . 
  i thought that view had already been mocked endlessly . 
  so you 'd rather have the poor be more poor as long as the rich are less rich ? 
  14000 kw/h ( a year ) $ 1240 $ 0 taxes, 
  the u.s. mainly sends them on to faith based groups or charities who do a pretty good job, 
  uh , actually it depends on the state , in california they do get most of that . 
  uh , actually it depends on the state , in california they do get most of that . 
  huge amounts of central americans make their way through and up the east coast . 
  mexican immigrants are generally found up the west coast and border states . 
  wait , i think we should take everyone who 's a refugee who somehow makes it to the us shores . 
  if somehow they can sail through the mediterranean , out of the straits , and across the atlantic , i 'll buy them a house myself . 
  is that sarcasm ? 
  the wapo is the paper of record for washington liberals, 
  every time i 've started one it 's like `` uhh no slavery and pay your taxes , sign here . 
  and there 's someone from the chamber and the local govt here if you need help . 
  cash or check ? 
  only business you have ? 
  then no fees '', 
  rugby is a game based on flow , football is more like heavy hitting chess, 
  woah woah ? 
  those guys are all americans , which ones are n't to you ? 
  come to the u.s. , it 's like 30bucks and they walk you through like the 2 forms there with you, 
  with open faced sandwiches and pastries instead of sandwiches and donuts . 
  it 's a cultural treasure, 
  no comment , fuck her . 
   several eastern european countries have flat out stated they will never accept quotas before those even started ... 
  it 's bad faith . 
  thats not bad faith at all , bad faith is them going to negotiate for quotas with never having the intention to follow through . 
  they 're not negotiating in bad faith at all , they already know what they want and know they do n't want to negotiate that point . 
  do you go to a bar and see a girl and when she says `` no i 'm not going to sleep with you '' and you say she 's acting as a bad faith partner then ? 
  bad faith would be her saying `` come on sexy , take a cab with me to my place '' and her leaving you on her doorstep saying `` lol thanks for the ride sucka '', 
  then of course with better information came the understanding that it is n't quite like that , that there are poor people in the states , did n't the tv show dallas open up romania , and when stalin had the grapes of wrath shown in the ussr everyone was shocked that the poorest of the poor still had cars . 
  like when they showed `` look at all these poor americans '' everyone was like `` the poor have cars ?! '', 
   i mean islamic terrorism was almost nonexistent before 90s . 
  what world are you living in ? 
   there are people that mean well but act on emotion rather than logic . 
  we call them socialists . 
  its not like `` free trade '' only benefits one party or one person . 
  the us does benefit more than others do in it though . 
  you sure that the us increase of free trade with foreign nations as well as the ability to enforce the protection of free transit of goods have not had a marketable impact on your standard of living ? 
  do you like cheap produce from other nations when its out of season here ? 
  a self-reliant government wielding hegemonic power unparalleled in history ? 
  by fully automated do you mean semi-automatic or fully automatic ? 
  i mean i 'm not obsessed with my guns , i know they 're used for death , its why i have a shotgun under my bed and a few handguns in drawers . 
  its like people who never spent time in the woods might see something as a raging wildfire while someone else might see a controlled burn . 
  the avg american gets lots out of it . 
  the entire reality of open oceans is the us . 
  the ability to establish a stable economic environment for 80 years is huge . 
  do you want 43.9 billion having your back or 581 billion ? 
   south korea is a good country now opened up trade relations with the united states and opened up a laissez faire economy with increased investment in primary and secondary education . 
  it was a thatcher reference, 
  so you 're saying corbyn would be happy if the poor were poorer as long as the rich were less rich ? 
  not really , they said the things they said . 
  if you watch the full videos it does n't make it better . 
  they did n't take anything out of context , they just released one full video and one with just the juicy parts . 
  they got acorn to shut down . 
   but the most damning words match the transcripts and the audio , and do not seem out of context which is why you see planned parenthood stings release the full hours of videos now to though . 
  i think carlos danger presser goes down as one of the best pressers in history and the scandal as one of the funniest . 
  breitbart got famous the same way drudge did , pushing a scandal no one else had information on at the time . 
  drudge did monica lewinsky et al breitbart did `` carlos danger '' , which if you get the chance is a great lesson on why you never show up late to your own press conferences . 
  we hand them out like candy to any group that was on our side in a war . 
  see : hmong and south vietnamese, 
  where i grew up if you hit the deer you shot it and took it home yourself . 
  free food to pay for your screwed up front end . 
  firing a shot is using a deadly weapon . 
  you do n't use lethal force for non deadly means . 
  it 's completely legal for me to shoot an intruder , i will not get arrested . 
  i will get a felony for firing a warning shot . 
  you ca n't justify using `` deadly force '' for a threat that is n't worth responding do with deadly force ( life , serious injury , in your home in some states ) . 
  if you use a warning shot you are then admitting you did n't need deadly force and acted inappropriately . 
  basically guns are only deadly force in the united states , not anything else , so you can only use them as a last resort, 
  warning shots are illegal in the u.s. 
  the u.s. and uk did become closer after ww2 as both saw the channel as wider than the atlantic in terms of national interest . 
  de gaulle was the main push and the cultural ties were the main pulls . 
  truman and eisenhower also maybe inadvertently drove the wedge by consulting and informing the uk of u.s. plans and considerations while de gaulle only was involved after decisions were made . 
  kissinger has a whole half chapter on this in his book `` on diplomacy '', 
  uh it 's not jim crow style . 
  it 's literally a law they had called literacy tests . 
  the u.s. is england 's most significant trade partner and ally , england long ago chose to shorten the atlantic and widen the channel . 
  shall we send some of ours over to help start ? 
  i 'll start the ukrainian love of 1911s singlehandedly, 
  shit . 
  anyone calling themselves full figured now is just one last reach into the mcdonald 's bag away from a heart attack . 
  chubby is over weight . 
  a healthy weight is sexy . 
  they 're not being forced into concentration camps . 
  they 're being redirected as an effect of their migrations ... a choice they made . 
  your hyperbole is a lil over the top, 
  in north america businessmen brag about how many times they failed before they were successful . 
  its a point of pride to have shown you can keep moving on after failures . 
  iraq was the only choice in that list , and libya was n't the us . 
   we send them back to cuba . 
  wet feet dry feet rule though . 
  we do n't send back those with dry feet . 
  power is in logistics . 
  hahaha , they are an endangered species in the house and barely stopping a super majority in the senate, 
  those are all countries with/had heavily state controlled industries . 
  they were far from responsive to capitalistic pressures .
