  really ? 
  because all i got from those episodes was , if you 're a gypsy , come here and we 'll give you free teeth and benefits in a jiffy . 
  trough the miracle of youtube , i 've become quite acquainted with your poverty porn like benefits street , life on the dole , skint , benefits brittan , etc. 
  i have come to the conclusion that , your media likes to feature gypsy flavored programing , to pander to the needs of your domestic human garbage , with images of even more ridiculous excuses for human beings , only from other countries , as if to rub ointment on their sorry lives by saying , `` look even if you 're living of job seekers , in a dilapidated council shithole , putting 5 pounds at a time in your electric , there 's these people who are even lower than you on the totem pole . '', 
  those are gypsy , not romanians !, 
  they 're as romanian as jihadi john was an englishman . 
  only 15 % of the new ( post 2007 ) gypsy in the uk , are from romania , the vast majority are from slovakia , hungary , the czech republic , croatia , slovenia , etc. 
  so unless you have a way of determining a gypsy 's country of origin , by x-ray vision . 
  i 'm gon na need you to stop making assumptions , based on what the daily mail feeds hypersuggestible people like you . 
  well , all i know is , channel 4 is 4 leaving . 
  all those `` the romanians are coming '' subtleties like `` look at the inelegant gypsy from romania coming here to be inelegant near you and get their teeth fixed on the nhs , we 're all going to die , there 's 30.000.000 of them coming here tomorrow vote out for the love of god vote out ''  eat a tin of dicks ... it 's been two and a half years , where 's your invasion ? 
  that 's right , it includes cheese , i do n't know why i remembered it with cheese but it 's wine and confectionery . 
  i could give a shit !, 
  if the `` seals director '' is romanian !, 
   and that guy knows the system and comes with his own contacts list . 
  right there !, 
  that 's where they embraced corruption , and ran with it . 
  you-re literally being a fucking masochist right now with saying `` this is how sales work in romania '' you accept it as the norm . 
  to get you to understand the gravity of behaving like this , imagine the problem reversed , and try and think what an american reaction to a romanian company doing this in america , would be . 
  let 's say bitdefender goes to the u.s and hires a bunch of corrupt former intelligence back slapping extroverts , to push their product to the u.s government , trough a clearly illegal and malicious corrupt delivery system , but one that guarantees they !, 
  get that contract and not their competitors . 
  could you see that as anything , but [ conspiracy to defraud a government trough collaboration with unsavory characters , and by use of illicit means and practices ] ? 
  the russians are flanking europe trough the west the british launder their money and harbor their football team owning oligarchs and the children of high ranking military and intelligence personalities . 
  they walk around in england as if they own the place . 
  alexander litvinenko , gareth williams , etcetera . 
  france used to build mistrals warships for them and have a preferential relationship for decades now . 
  russian embargo on eu produce , excludes wine and cheese , guess who the # 1 exporter in those markets happens to be . 
  marie le pen is intercepted trying to get 40.000.000 eur from a kgb operative . 
  now portuguese spies are selling nato secrets to them ? 
  wtf, 
  well somebodies sure as shit giving them money , sweden is not like italy or spain , in sweden the gypsy ca n't survive that arctic winter in shanty favelas like they do most places . 
  which means that not only are you giving them money , you 're giving them more than anyone else !, 
  enough to have them stay there even with the cost of having to pay rent . 
  and why is n't your police doing shit about this ? 
  begging and loitering are illegal . 
  why is it tolerated all of a sudden ? 
  you 'd think the way things are going for your tiny island , you 'd welcome some polish and romanian white sausage in your breakfast . 
  by the looks of the way things are going now , you 're probably 5 decades away from crowning king abdullah , the first of his name , in westminster mosque , in the wholly city of new jihad , formerly known as london . 
   we have a problem with `` eu migrants '' who beg at our supermarkets . 
  so stop giving them money !, 
  you knowingly and deliberately contribute to their delinquency , and take our country 's name in vane , from high fucking above !, 
  it 's your fault , and i 'm starting to think you do it on purpose just to have something to complain about and someone else to rag on . 
  it 's like scratching an itch with you people . 
  well ... they probably think it 's non refundable development funds , and do n't know , that it 's mostly our money that gets spent on `` improvements `` now , admittedly it 's all still european money , getting here as a result of us being in the eu single market . 
  all those people buying dacia 's and so on . 
  yes , well of course they had to stop everyone else , after they could n't do it anymore , they were snuffing out the competition . 
  like that whole thing about also killing the neighbor 's goat ... 
  if by `` abolished '' you mean they did it until they ran out of places to build plantations and had to stop , then yes , we 're behind on that . 
  said the western european who 's nation was built by whipping africans for 400 years . 
  you ca n't be as ignorant as to think microsoft , who by the way , have offices here , did n't know about this . 
  those `` resellers '' are covert sales contractors , they 're pushers working for whatever they can get over the base price , like heroin dealers get one dose for $ 5 from a wholesaler , and sell it for $ 10 on the street . 
  microsoft empowered them to defraud our government , because they had something to gain , sales !, 
  and you can tell they were complicit because they pushed for leased licensing . 
  it 's realty easy to play stupid now , and blame it on the foot soldiers , but we 're not that stupid . 
  you guys know that `` sarkozy '' is a hungarian gypsy name , right ? 
  not in eastern europe ... 
  i 'm afraid there is n't any tolerance here to backfire , in fact there has n't been any for centuries . 
  the gypsy stole all of it a long time ago !, 
   actionarii hp romania srl sunt : hewlett - packard central eastern european holding gmbh ( sediu social in austria , 1120 viena , wienerbergstrasse , nr . 
  cold war 2 . 
  is n't it enough that we get fucked by these thieving cunts , as it is ? 
  is is it really necessary for other countries to join in ? 
  the microsoft case , was a hit and run of over 100.000.000 eur , and to think people have the audacity to bitch to us about romanian criminals pickpocketing and credit card skimming in the western world . 
  the only difference between our criminals and theirs , is that theirs wear suits and are much more damaging to our society . 
  if this turns out to be true , everyone should boycott hp products , and the same goes for microsoft , no xboxes , lumia phones , surface tablets or any kind of software , pirate everything !, 
  the upgrade phenomenon started with tiling over the terrazzo in the hall bathroom an kitchen , then came the termopan windows , the centralized heating boiler , the latex paint , the metal front door and then the polystyrene enveloping of the building . 
  it was like a disease , spreading from one neighbor to the whole building , 
  we got these in romania in about 1996 , we call them [ termopan ] 99.9 % of all the communist apartments have these , some are even replacing the 90 's set , with newer models that have triple glazing . 
  well it 's not like we had outrageous figures going on , our rate in 2013 was 1.5 / 100.000 whereas yours is pretty damn high at a 6.8 / 100.000 that 's an insane number considering the u.s.a has a 3.8 / 100.000 . 
  you-re on par with some african countries like zambia , kenya , sudan , benin . 
  in fact you have the highest murder rate in europe , [ outside greenland 's 19.4 / 100.000 apparently the murder capital of europe ] what the heck is going on over there ? 
  any studies ? 
  evidently not . 
  i do however believe they should be envious of eastern european resilience and determination to do more in life . 
  immigrating to another country comes at the sacrifice of comfort , health and dignity . 
  you live in hostel conditions and work 16 hours a day , only to be ridiculed and looked down at like you were a stray dog , ironically by unremarkable human garbage , who despite being born in a country with enormous access to prosperity , within waking distance of some of the best universities in the world , under cover of absolute social protection like healthcare , government subsidized room and board , etcetera , still find themselves so ridiculously inadequate , as to be incapable to compete in the job market , with a malnourished immigrant who had to learn a new language . 
  can you honestly hope to bring arguments to the defense of those who fail to manifest relevancy toward their own economy to such a frustrating degree that they become envious of the immigrants who take the jobs they find to discomforting to do themselves ? 
  i think you have a very low opinion of romania if you think a murder would go unreported . 
  we do n't have that kind of corruption , i do n't even think we ever had . 
  the administration side of thing works relatively well , it 's the high level positions were we have big problems . 
  so it 's not so much a problem with corruption , as it is with dilapidation and embezzlement . 
  we 're a top heavy kleptostate , not a corruption inferno like columbia or southern italy . 
  there 's a huge difference in that you as a citizen are not likely to be abused or overwhelmed by the infallible authorities ( columbia ) over here corruption is all about public acquisitions and contract finagling . 
  noticeably better . 
  definitely not as good as you  but getting there . 
   because there are much more romanians [ false ! ], 
  you have 12 million immigrants out of which 120.000 are from romania . 
  that 's 1 % , yet 99 % of the negative news about immigrants mention romania or romanians . 
  that ... as well as the fact that most of our criminality was/is stemming from human misery and desperation , conditions which are starting to disappear now that things are picking up . 
  so less stealing for food etcetera . 
  and do n't forget , they also steal bicycles . 
  i remember there was a song about that like 10 years ago . 
  the dreams in which i ' m dying are the best i 've ever had . 
  you-re missing the fact that romanian bashing is willfully disproportional and hyper mediatized , whereas other more criminally impactfull nationalities , are simply overlooked and never mentioned . 
  yes the french have a very big problem with romanian gypsies , they flew 747 's filled with gypsies back to romania , i 'm sure that was instrumental in preventing criminality in france . 
  oh wait ... www.cnn.com/videos/world/2015/11/15/bataclan-theater-shots-ring-out-orig-vstan.cnn i think in retrospective they might have focused their atention on the wrong brown people . 
  there 's no such thing as the romanian mafia , i 'm not saying that to be coy , i actually mean there 's no mafia , because a mafia would imply organized crime of some sorts , and some clan of gypsy idiots or some romanian bodybuilding enthusiasts turned criminals , do n't constitute `` organized '' anything . 
  normal police action should clear that up no problem . 
  so how come i 've never heard farage bitch about the vietnamese , albanians or algerians ? 
  oh wait i know ...
