you have an annual per capita contribution of $ 215 out of a annual minimum wage of $ 19.046 pre-referendum which has now turned in to $ 15.236 after your currency lost 20 % of it 's value , so losing $ 3.810 but saving that 215 was the intelligent maneuver to make here . 
  surely that money can be put to better use by refurbishing those trident dildos or paying a daily stipend to all the democratically elected members of the house of lords to live in 5 * hotels in central london . 
  keep in mind this is all just for voting with a 2 % margin to leave and not the actual departure . 
  when russia lost it 's european trade the rubble lost 60 % of it 's value , even with all the gas we keep buying from them , and the uk has no gas to bargain with . 
  i do n't envy anyone over there right now , especially those working for export and paying a mortgage . 
  they 're 90 days from hitting the ground hard and all because of something so stupid , the entire world cringed when you did this to yourselves . 
  pffff ... experts ... 
   rubbles with the queens head on it  ), 
  evidence suggests that people do n't want to be dismissive and seeming to lack in solidarity when being simply questioned . 
  the privacy of the voting booth is where the laws of self interest govern the hand to reason . 
  not only are you not allowed to stay in the european union , you 're not even allowed to ask the people if they would maybe like to . 
   only around 10 % of uk businesses export to the eu . 
  this has been my favorite brexit nonsensical quote from the beginning in 2012-2013  it shows how the unintelligent plebes can be easily fooled with a real statistical figure . 
  the fact that yo fail to realize that a `` uk business '' such a fish and chip shop or a car wash or a local builder ca n't export anything to the eu because although making up 90 % of uk `` businesses '' it 's not the nature of their business to export anything , is saddening beyond hope and it makes me feel sorry for the people stuck on that island with you . 
  i 'm all for the bulgarian bros to be doing better , but this smells like a russian engineered trip up like they tried in greece . 
  they still have a lot of influence in politics down there and they can get everybody to spend themselves in to collapse by throwing heaps of money at administration payroll and black hole institutions . 
  it 's what they tried to do in romania trough the old moscow connection `` psd '' and the romanian version tsipras , `` ponta '' , but we did n't eat that shit sandwich . 
  trade embargo cha-boom !, 
  the eu has all the cards , or better put , more then half of all your customers . 
  ask norway , switzerland or iceland why they 're not a tax haven . 
  if all the companies who hide there make $ 0 catering to 0 customers , having to pay 0 % tax wo n't mean shit to anyone . 
  if at all curious as to what a euroskeptic future looks like , from behind a leadership that simply refuses to play well with others , you need only look at russia . 
  so far the ruble lost 52 % of it 's value , the pound lost 20 % ... you can have everything you want , resources , large population and market , nuclear weapons etc. 
  if you suck at being a global partner and refuse to play with others everybody turns against you and wants nothing to do with you or anything you have to offer . 
  as it turns out , globalisation is just a sand box , and the kids with diplomatic asperger 's are not welcome . 
  guess which other nationalist nuclear power in the region just announced their health system was about to be under funded , go ahead guess ... 
  proof that you never really have sovereignty , you just rent it . 
  shure , you say that now , after we gave back the russian icbms we had aimed at you , and after we shut down all the mega factories where we were making industrial commodities that were putting your economy on it 's knees in the 70s . 
  remember those talbot workers swinging on the fences and chanting `` i 'd rather be a picket then a scab ! '', 
  it was non other than those junkies in the east that got you there by undercutting to where you had to join the eu just to have someone to sell something to and avoid economic collapse . 
  but memories fade ... 
  so the sunset of euroskeptic kremlin franchisees begins ... * salve felicitare !, 
  i meant that more along the lines of `` goodbye britain , welcome england , scotland , wales and northern ireland '', 
  we ca n't have a union within a union , the supranational english invention of a united kingdom and the idea of britain , british people and even british cuisine , as an engineered pseudo-nation , all need to be erased from the collective consciousness of not only english , scottish , welsh and northern irish , but all europeans . 
  the eu can not be allowed to be influenced and held hostage by a perfidious society of high born deflated imperialists looming as a dense shadow to a coin operated laddish political leadership . 
  brexit means ~ ~ brexit ~ ~ ... ** british exit !, 
  a pole also showed remain would win . 
  unilever just raised prices by 10 % and apple launched the new iphone 7 at +11 % . 
  so that inflation wo n't be `` a bit '' . 
  stores still have old stock and are working on old contracts , but very soon everything will go up . 
  for example everything from china will be up by more than 28 % , because the pound is so far 28 % less against the yuan . 
  so those british pensioners moving to spain will get : a. 
  just as much money to relocate and retire . 
  20 % less . 
  so they have cleaner public toilets in lieu of what really matters , which is `` access to opportunity '' . 
  i bet they have just as many investors , job an business opportunities as they have in the south east  that 's why they have tv shows where a middle class family from england sell their 4 bed semi detached house for about the same money as an entire scottish castle !, 
  i do n't know who this idiot is , but he 's shitting out euroskeptic base code , such as `` until the elites realize '' and `` unelected diplomats '' . 
  get ready for more of this opinion molding and soft justification attitude implantation targeted at scots . 
  of course they 've brought out the skewed poles to seed disinformation . 
  now that shit is getting real , they even put out some bullshit about scotland having the highest quality of life in the uk , better than even england !, 
   ) a nation of people who voted remain , just got dragged in to this pre brexit garbage and lost 20 % of their salaries , house value , savings etc. 
  supply cuts . 
  european companies asking for a price readjustment or holding back stock . 
  pretty soon this current will start to become anti-european , because all these cuts are going to be blamed on the `` vengeful eu '' rather than be acknowledged as self inflicted . 
  although the pound is down 18 % against the euro , it 's a whopping 28 % down to the yuan . 
  i do n't know how much british tea still comes from china , but next season 's batch is likely to be more expensive by about a third . 
  * or you could have gone with the one word answer ... * ** '' moldova '' **, 
  this is far beyond politics and tories and labor pissing on each other 's leg . 
  because mainlanders do n't live under the dominant boot of some millennium old dynasty and it 's perfidious intelligence apparatus ... since about 1848 . 
  could you really imagine a future where gchq plays second fiddle to some european central intelligence agency or where the oligarchy who owns british defense contractor stocks mises out on those trident and royal navy submarine billions in a european army context ? 
  al tough hidden behind populism and unintelligent and illinformed plebes , the simple reality is that the commoners never really had a chance or choice in all this . 
  you belong to them you are their property , you are the neo-mis\u00e9rables . 
  they wo n't care how much this will cost you and what it does to your lives , just so long as they keep their power and influence out from european supervision and scrutiny . 
  do n't you find it the least bit curious that the queen has yet to give a speech about all this ? 
  giving that those banknotes with her portrait on them are all worth -20 % now ? 
  this is the most impactfull thing to happen to the kingdom in a very long while and no one said anything except `` well , i 'm still here '' ? 
  when they show brexiters on tv , they always look like people who try to hide remorse and shame for doing something stupid . 
  `` keep calm an carry on '' is such a pleby pill to swallow , the more you look at who stands to benefit in all this the more you feel sorry for everybody there for how they 've been duped , manipulated and exploited by being played on ridiculous issues only to find themselves socioeconomically devolved and devalued as if they were just another banana island where the plebs walk around with money that has portraits of their current leadership on it . 
  what do they to put them to sleep ? 
  at least they should be able to donate vital organs . 
  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zz1kgllqh8w edit : 8yo boy and 7yo girl married in undercover wedding covered by fake adult wedding to thwart authorities . 
  the girl is bought from her parents and becomes the boy 's property forever . 
  since the sanctions they 've been eating trough a reserve fund estimated to last until february or march 2017 . 
  well , by untouchable i mean that they have indian style arranged child weddings where the take a 9yo girl and an 11yo boy and they stick them in a room together and force the to have sex on a white bed sheet only to have it yanked out from under them and draped over a balcony or fence to display the blood stain attesting the 9yo girl 's virginity and the 11yo boy 's virility , to a crowd of people gathered to have a feast and dance around to loud music until the inevitable brawl breaks out and brings the ceremony to an emergency room end . 
  all this without romanian child protection services and law enforcement being able to do anything for fear of being accused of restricting cultural freedoms and being sued in european court and forced out of their job . 
  in romania municipalities and police departments get some non refundable eu development funds , but if there 's even a microscopic suspicion of racism or mistreatment of ethnic minorities , they never see a single euro and possibly lose their jobs and become toxic employees for any other department hoping for any kind of eu money . 
  russia is running out of money in 4 months and putin is trying to provoke a military conflict to create a spectacular and all consuming event to cover up his failure as a leader . 
  if russia ends up collapsing and they have to get back on their knees for western money less than 30 years since last time , all those oligarchs and high ranking people waiting in line , might actually kill him . 
  he has been promising light at the end of this tunnel to a lot of hungry wolves and nothing seems to be working out the way he hoped , and after crimea and mh17 there 's no retirement for him anywhere . 
  any successor to power , would be demanded to give him up for there to be any kind of chance for normal relations with russia . 
  he 's a cornered rat and he has nuclear teeth , god help us all . 
  they feel like they 're owed something because of the holocaust . 
  many people think romania has a lot of gypsies because of slavery , but actually the vast majority ended up here from all over europe where they lived as travelers who had never been outside western europe before wwii when they were hunted all over and found refuge in the vast rural wilderness of the balkans , where they lived spread apart in groups of about 5 families at the edge of every village , so as to avoid culling . 
  the reason you might have some romanian gipsy in germany , has a lot to do with helmut kohl going to romania in the 90s , to preach social integration and tolerance to the post communist administration . 
  ( the irony was not lost ) he and jacques chirac basically said we 're not allowed to join the eu if we do n't ** `` adhere to the european union 's core principals of guaranteeing inalienable cultural freedoms for all ethnic minorities '' ** basically making our gipsy community untouchable . 
  what if they were this protest by wearing full face motorcycle helmets in stead ? 
  gota get rid of those pounds before they 're all the way worthless i guess . 
  and only 51 % of those 350.000 were from the eu , and only for 2015 , in 2014 and prior it was below 50 % . 
  so where are the justifications for leaving the eu do to immigration concerns when 520.000 people died and about 100.000 left to live in the eu and eu immigration was around 175.000 ? 
  or is this the point in the conversation where you change the subject to sovereignty , better international deals or curbed bananas ? 
  350,000 migrants a year in a country with 520.000 deaths a year ? 
  this brexit was fed to everyone by very perfidious power elements from british government . 
  this was all about retention of relevancy for gchq and defense contracts for british forces rather than a european army . 
  even the way the delivered it in how it looked like it would most certainly be a near miss until hours before it impacted and the subsequent systematic refusal to revisit the issue an push forward before everybody realizes what 's happening , are absolute by the book british covert tactics . 
  they are ruining your lives and making it look like you 're the ones who wanted this in the first place ... 
  this has all been about the continuation of a dynasty and the money revolving around it . 
  should i take it you disapprove ? 
  but the idea is that a 19yo will now look more kindly toward the idea of maybe experimenting because the worst case scenarios are systematically removed from the addicts future . 
  it 's like doing trust falls , you know to let go and enjoy the fall because you know there 's something there to catch you , otherwise you would n't cross your hands across your chest and fall back like an idiot would you . 
  it 's also ridiculous that the publicly advertise these programs , broadcasting reassurance to all drug users , that it 's now ok to keep fucking up your life , and here , have a warm place to do it ...
