  only a few rroma come from romania , and as a romanian i am as responsible for their actions as you are for jihadi jon . 
  there are 12 million immigrants in the uk , 2 million of which are from the eu , which is fare because there are about 2 million brits in the eu . 
  there are however 9 million indians and pakistani in the uk , i 'm curious as to how exactly is that the european union 's fault ? 
  fluctuations due to uncertainty , i 'm sure . 
  players with actives in the uk throttling back and holding off just in case . 
  but a brexit is no longer uncertainty , it 's absolute certainty of contraction and crippling reforms to readjust . 
  it 'll be a yank down . 
  so stop saying your neighbors are looking to `` invade '' you , and live of your benefits . 
  we paid to be in this union , you enjoyed 50 years of nice comfortable shade from communist expansion in our shadow , you grew that much bigger for another 25 years while we paid again by tearing down our industry because it was so productive , it outperformed and undercut your position in the post 1990 's market . 
  we complied with your embargo demands to stop suppling various middle eastern and african dictatorships with oil extraction and refinery equipment because evidently your involvement in those regions was key to your position and influence today . 
  we produce more electricity , gas and oil than our total consumption , yet somehow we pay more than many well of nation in the west . 
  i find it difficult to understand how a hydroelectric dam 50km from where i live , built by our grandparents , is now selling energy that is being sold to me , by a german company . 
  we paid again with liberalization of markets . 
  the money coming from the eu goes straight in to infrastructure projects like industrial parks , were we 're expected to work for 211 eur/month net !, 
  and the roads that lead to these `` plantations '' all built buy other eu companies like impregilo saligni , a italian company that built a motorway that crumbled and has to be rebuilt , 6 months after it was finished . 
  as i understand it , we pay more to the european commission than we take from non refundable development funds . 
  i fail to see how or why that should stand in the way of me ripping a good joke off the colonial rugby fans :d, 
  and what , may i ask , are the other reasons ? 
  give me your top 5 please . 
  i think it 's curios how no one is taking about the retaliatory response from the eu . 
  a brexit will likely mean a weakening of the euro against the international currencies , everything will be more expensive , even if only slightly and for a relatively short while . 
  the incentive programs for eu investments and development will take a hit , many will be left hanging . 
  eu agricultural subsidies are likely to be diminished . 
  jobs could be lost , mortgages defaulted on , businesses lost etc. 
  it 's not the british leaving that will cause most damage , it 's the fact that the union itself is being perceived with lack of confidence and having it 's stability as an economic area brought under scrutiny . 
  that is what will strike a devastating blow . 
  the economy is likely to contract severely out of investors and traders panicking . 
  evidently everything will recover , but many people 's lives are likely to be adversely impacted in the event . 
  as a result , i do n't see how british people can expect to travel to the eu or do business with the eu when a british passport will ensure you will be a persona non grata across the channel , to say nothing of the fact that ordering food while on vacation in the eu will likely mean ingesting copious amounts of bodily fluids from the catering staff . 
  you ca n't expect to throw a cunty secessionist tantrum that will cost us dearly , and have it all as if nothing ever happened . 
  that 's hardly fair , it 's not like they have a chance to do more even if they wanted to . 
  the general consensus with regard to the peculiar aspect of eastern european politics , is that they are purposely held captive in systemic institutionally organized poverty , by administrative malpractice and ill will , as such they are kept dependent and therefore subservient to local barons , that take advantage of them as voting repositories , used to secure local seats and a parliamentary majority for the nomenclature . 
  democracy means , that `` my ignorance is just as good as your knowledge '', 
  handball . 
  europe 's secret pastime . 
  maybe the americans will start playing a kind of cricket and call it handball , like they started playing rugby and called it football . 
  corruption in transportation infrastructure . 
  it means most investors are stuck to building industrial parks in western romania ( transilvania/banat ) because of the relative proximity to western nodes . 
  we just lost a 500 mil . 
  eur mercedes benz engine factory investment to poland , because our shitty roads meant the engines would get to germany in 17 hours , as opposed 6 hours from somewhere in poland . 
  the other issue they had was that western romania currently has negative 5 % unemployment , timisoara has 20.000 job vacancies , cluj 18.000 , etc. 
  brexit is to british ultra-nationalists , what autofellatio is to onanists . 
  the `` there 's no point even to voting '' line , is a subversive propaganda tactic meant to weaken opposition . 
  the show runners are always very well organized on voting day . 
  in romania in the 90 's you could see buses and minivans shuttling voters back and forth to as many rural voting stations as possible . 
  buy preaching the `` stay home gospel '' they only get away with voting fraud that much easier . 
  even if given no viable option , you should always show up and invalidate the ballot somehow . 
  a high turnout with high annulments , screams protest . 
  but unlike many other like-circumstantiated countries , over here you 'll find something very rare ... a profound desire to overcome . 
  we used to think that , around 2007-2010 , but then it became clear to us , that was never going to happen . 
  we had high hopes for a cleansing and well organized beginning , but the european union turned out to be just a resource for passivated criticism and unwillingness to intervene . 
  even today we get more praise for our anti-corruption efforts from the americans than we do from the other 27 . 
  i would even go so far as to say our evolution is not in the interest of the major eu pillar nations . 
  there seems to be a willing ignorance when it comes to dysfunctional management in eastern eu countries . 
  i get the sense that western nations willingly tolerate or in some cases even incentivise corruption beyond the former iron curtain , as a disruptive agent in delaying and diminishing eastern economic renaissance and emancipation , for fear it would cannibalize growth from western economies by out-competing them in sectors such as manufacturing or agriculture . 
  romania , like most other former communist nations , has a 95 % home ownership rate , whilst being in an economical union with nations that are fundamentally based on mortgage driven economies . 
  the average wage in romania is about 475 $ and growing rapidly , not having to pay rent or a mortgage means that when we get to about 750 $ a month , we would have about the same disposable income as 90 % of the western eu citizens . 
  so even in a relatively level playing field , we 'd still be able to undercut everyone as a cheaper labor market . 
  one way to see the direct impact of this handbrake on our growth , is by looking at the ridiculous slow motion development of our transportation infrastructure . 
  they build highways in the middle of nowhere , 2 to 45 km sections at a time , connecting small satellite cities to other small cities , instead of connecting to western nodes in hungary . 
  this ensures we wo n't be able to develop industrial parks anywhere , for fear we could `` steal western jobs '' . 
  and to add insult to injury , most corrupt politicians hide all the countless billions dilapidated from our economy , in london banks or west european property . 
  hsbc in london is rumored to be harboring 11 billion euro , held in the accounts of various influential romanian political figures and former intelligence agents . 
  so if by `` waiting for the eu to sort their corruption out '' you mean , for them to stop helping them fuck us , then yes , we 're all here waiting . 
  you 'll have to be more specific about what you mean by `` deep under '' but our current state is basically what you get when you have an electoral majority made up of pensioners and state employees . 
  they chase `` us '' the young smart people to work abroad , and keep the peasant moron clusters drenched in disinformation about cutting pensions or being raped by immigrants , so they 'll all vote for the neo-bolshevik `` wise guys '' . 
  they 've been doing this to romania for the past 25 years . 
  they keep villages , and whole counties , in absolute chaos and india like poverty , where the political `` barons '' own every crevice of access to opportunity for the entrapped locals . 
  they own most of the companies and therefore all the employees and their dependents , they approve or deny requests for social benefits and child benefits etc. 
  and this way , they own and farm voters for the nomenclature this way they infect our parliament with a majority of corrupt soviet era melancholic former securitate dilapidation and subversion engineers . 
  we are powerless in fixing our country because of something you the greeks invented . 
  democracy !, 
   how could the remarkable few , establish a course for reform , when there is a purposely bread majority of idiots , whom out of poverty or stupidity or both , will always vote against our better interest as a society , sometimes for as little as a stick of salami . 
  ( yes that actually happened ), 
  the main building is ok-ish , could do with a bit of restoration work , i 'm talking about the concrete platforms and over covers that were added by the communists , the white and gray crumbling concrete and run down pig sty like side buildings across the track , not to mention the ghetto kiosks . 
  you ca n't see all of it in this video but even what you can , clearly upsets the eye . 
  i keep seeing this around , and i keep telling people it 's fake . 
  it makes no sense to advertise slaves with such a sad rendition as that image of a chained old woman looking oppressed and depressed . 
  it 's very likely a preachy tear jerker . 
  damn !, 
  our train station looks like such soviet shit !, 
  we really need a modern refresh . 
  it makes me cringe to think that 's the first thing some tourists are slapped in the face with when they arrive . 
  in romanian we say `` denun\u0163\u0103tor '' so would n't `` denunciador '' work for spanish as well ? 
  or does this have a bad connotation as well ? 
  in communist romania , the word `` denun\u0163\u0103tor '' was associated with civilians that collaborate with the secret police ( securitate ) but these days that same word is associated almost exclusively with people who expose corruption , giving a positive connotation to the most odious descriptive adjective in the romanian vocabulary , douring the communist period . 
  you need a dna ( direcci\u00f3n nacional anticorrupci\u00f3n ) like romania has . 
  i think we 're the only country in the world , that 's putting billionaires in jail . 
  i love how these leavesters speak of the `` european union '' the `` eu '' , `` ewww '' or brussels , as if they were some solid patriarchal entities , that oppress the poor defenseless brits with all sorts of unfair policies . 
  until you step back and realize that such an argument would be valid if the uk were slovakia or bulgaria , but the uk is the european union !, 
  they are brussels , they have so much influence and power , it 's like being the manager and coming out and saying `` sorry guys , management is n't working '' . 
  as a testament to how much influence they have , you can see how cameron walked away from brussels with a preferential deal in 5 minutes without any opposition . 
  they say `` vote leave to get britain back '' `` you keep '' you ... do n't get shit !, 
  you just hand it over to the special interest groups around westminster and cut the only parachute cord you have , which is the european union court of justice . 
  they mess with you as a simple citizen you just say `` oh well ... '' and spread your cheeks . 
  they mess with your rights as a eu citizen , the whole world comes down on them . 
  that 's why the scots will likely leave the kingdom and join the eu if the uk brexits , and i do n't think i have to quote mel gibson 's speech from braveheart , to explain why that is . 
  buy to let economy !, 
  = if you leave , the eu jobs go away , the immigrants living like offshore drilling platform workers in bunk beds 10 to a house , paying 2000 a month rent , which dictates 2000 a month mortgages which dictate million + property values , they also leave all of a sudden drop , investors sell to try and escape the fall , it creates a chain sale property devaluation , recession/depression financial collapse . 
  there 's a reason the have n't kicked out the 9 out of 12 million indian , pakistani and arabs living there illegally .
