  they 're not eu countries  ) so why the referendum then ? 
  checks user profile `` redditor for 10 years '' mind blown  i think open discourse is healthy , i do n't think i could have a national complex toward other nations , they all have ineligibilities like we do ... but sometimes most other countries are well advertised and have a purposely manicured public perception that cost tens of billions over the years . 
  for example there 's this thing https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/empire_marketing_board . 
  and why is that ? 
  too many romanians in here ? 
  they hate us , cuz they ai n't us . 
  western countries are , and i 'm sorry to say , `` downtrending '' they are all less remarkable than their ancestors were . 
  all that greatness is behind them now . 
  there used to be empires , now they become nations of tour guides and unesco assets restaurateurs . 
  they live in ready built houses , everything is 300 years old , and they grow ever more complacent with every passing generation . 
  i sincerely hope i 'm not offending , but that seems to be the consensus perspective from the east . 
  looking at things from an oppressed region , stepped on by communism and many other unfortunate circumstances , the west has an immense bandwidth for access to opportunity , yet many just sit around and do nothing . 
  you get the sense that given all the advantages available to westerners , there should be much more there , and there just is n't . 
  evidently you people have lost sight of the fact that i referenced the use of romanian as the language spoken by rroma immigrants in the tv show `` peaky blinders '' , the action of which takes place in pre-wwi birmingham . 
  what are the chances for 19th century rroma to speak romanian ? 
  i believe the production staff made an assumption . 
  the all too common `` all rroma gypsy , are romanian '', 
  can nigel drink a glass of water while you say that ? 
  our 120.000 romanians in the uk aside , what are the chances for one of the nine million !, 
  indians or pakistani living in the kingdom to get arrested ? 
  child grooming and all ... 
   there are one million romanians in spain . 
  they break their back picking vegetables and hauling construction debris while you live with your mom , 
  you do n't get to complain about the gipsyes , not when you glorify them in superbly executed , high production quality period dramas , loike the peaky bloody blindaz . 
  i 'm sitting there watching the 4 ` th episode from the first season , and i 'm thinking to my self , damn ... this is a really good show ... and then 5 minutes in , they start talking in romanian in a gipsy caravan . 
  and it would n't be so annoying , if not for the fact that this was n't the first time this happened . 
  i was also surprised , mid series mind you , to hear my native language spoken in another british series , utopia . 
  basically a story about a super genius gipsy biologist . 
  so i can only conclude that you hate the criminal gipsy immigrant element , as much as the americans hated the criminal italian immigrants , right before they made the godfather movies and the sopranos . 
  and on a side note , the idea that a gipsy immigrant from romania would be speaking romanian , is impossibly ridiculous . 
  they speak a gipsy language of their own , wherever they are , wherever they go . 
  i do n't know the name of it in other languages , but we call it ( \u0163ig\u0103ne\u015fte ) . 
  would you prefer to be filled by young migrant men , who leave their future families in your behind ? 
  getting ready for new year 's in may ... how very german . 
  oh sweet relief and joy !, 
  i remember the days when it was us , like it was yesterday . 
  being on the receiving end of these national image crushing comments , driven by invasion paranoia spewed by the morons of ukip . 
  it was the glorious year of 2013 when they started to `` warn '' everyone , that 30 million romanians an bulgarians were huddled in parking lots and airports waiting for planes and coaches to `` invade '' the uk and apply for benefits . 
  i still remember keith vaz in that gatwik or luton terminal , talking to that poor guy with conjunctivitis  ) an invasion of one . 
  i 'm so glad they 've moved on ... have fun turkey . 
   ) ) ) ) my being romanian has nothing to do with these theoretical scenarios , i 'm just following this brexit nonsense because they keep scaremongering the voters in to thinking 30.000.000 romanians are going to apply for benefits in the uk . 
   i honestly could n't give a shit if they stay or leave , so long as is wo n't affect us in the eu . 
  but the `` leave campaign '' keeps saying they should leave the eu and `` rekindle '' relations with the commonwealth , and i 'm like , wait a minute , can you really just say oh well of course canada will do business wit us , as if the eu would just disappear off the map for all canadians , and i 'm thinking the canadians with closer ties to the french , might feel different about things . 
  why should they be denied easier direct access to the largest economy on the planet via france , just because the british are putting canada in a difficult position by literally severing ties with the french , taking stock and dividing relationship assets ? 
  so then make that 40.000 then  we 've come a long way since 2010 . 
  well it 's a good thing they 're not all asswholes ... 
  we have plenty of options here : mega image , carrefour , auchan , etc. 
  what if severe discrepancies start to appear in terms of quality of life , civil administration or natural recourses exploitation misappropriations , that lead to clear and evident favoritism for the western communities ? 
  gdp per person employed https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_countries_by_gdp_ ( ppp ) _ per_person_employed if we take the 40 % rural population out of the equation we 're at around 33.000 not 20.000 . 
  far more has been done for far less . 
  edit : so i take it my snarkastic comment was taken as a real position . 
   wow i do n't support anything or `` want revenge '' i 'm , romanian  ) i 'm not part of this obviously super sensitive issue . 
  i explained my self lower in my reply to `` zaungast '', 
  i 'm less miffed about it if it 's an eastern european thing and not specifically romania . 
  but it 's mind blowing to me that both kaufland and lidl are the same company . 
  i 've been in lidl in england and romania and the consistency in quality and value for money was refreshingly similar . 
  where can i find a gdp per private sector employee chart . 
  romania feeds 20 million people with 4 million jobs . 
  we are being devalued as less productive because we have a large rural population that is para economic and lives off the land like it 's 1716 not 2016 . 
  we 're set up with a system that makes it impossible for any one man to do anything . 
  we have a 600 member klepto-nomenclature parliament . 
  we had a referendum to reduce the number of parliamentarians to a more appropriate 300 . 
  that was 7 years ago . 
  we have a large rural population being purposely kept in poverty , which out of desperation and from under threats they will have their pensions and benefits cut , vote for these `` local barons '' that form a parliamentary majority dilapidation strike team . 
  the large urban communities in romania are night and day different , from the horse cart romania they like to show on tv . 
  but things are explosively evolving in the right direction with the dna fucking their rat 's nest at every turn . 
  the list of countries that have put billionaires in jail is made up of romania and china , that 's it . 
  chicken fried cauliflower with sowercream garlic sauce . 
  off topic . 
  can you please tell me if kaufland sucks in germany as well ? 
  i 'm trying to figure out if this is just valid for romania , because over here they are absolute garbage , everything i get from them is garbage . 
  potatoes are worse than animal feed , green and rotten , meat is horrible , even the toilet paper is unfit for human use . 
  it was a shock when lidl came to romania , the difference in quality between the two , is night and day . 
  to me kaufland is like an outlet that sells refuse groceries as actual food . 
  i 'm trying to figure out if this is how they 're known everywhere , or if they just do this here by saying ... oh well this shit did n't sell in the western eu stores , i guess we 'll feed it to the romanians then . 
  what if the french mobilize support for a french-canadian secession , if the brits brexit themselves ? 
  it 'd be pretty ridiculous to expect otherwise , and as i understand it , things are shaking up already . 
  french-canadians have been waking around with pictures of british people on their money for quite a while now . 
  the bulk of your onanist industry goes to export if i 'm not mistaking . 
  bulgarians are not slavs . 
  girls are afraid/ashamed to get abortions . 
  once again bulgaria , thank you for existing . 
  every time i see statistics shaming like this , i get a tiny panic attack like , oh shit we 're ... and then i look down , exhale and smile . 
  hey if you do n't like this neighborhood , there 's always america , canada , australia , south africa , new zealand , etc. 
  england has a very good history of disposing of those who have a problem with the establishment and want to change things . 
  that is ... by rope or by boat . 
  you have a problem with being the strongest economy , having the strongest currency and having 700.000 job vacancies in europe ? 
  things are booming , and your misseducated bullshit and susceptibility to subversive propaganda from european enemies is threating this new found level of prosperity for the brits that actually matter , the ones that materialize britain 's greatness trough finding opportunity in working together with others . 
  you should be grateful for that 70 pounds a week and that council house and shut the fuck up . 
  the fundamental european union principle that involves having a 28 lane highway to prosperity and advancement for 500 million passengers . 
  i see enormous value in such a large and liberated social economy , where the likelihood for an individual to find a community and a socio-economical platform that allows for the best possible access to opportunities , is proportionally related to the number of like-minded individuals seeking the same thing . 
  therefore , aces to such a community and resources , is instrumental for the manifestation of greatness . 
  i believe that 's worth paying for . 
  and for the record i never said we pay more then the west , just more than we take . 
  many forgot about those days ... people were outside factory gates , chanting `` i 'd rather be a picket than a scab '' and the world media was poking fun at your desperate situation by referring to you as `` just another bankrupt rock in the atlantic '' you should follow in prime minister farage 's vision and regain that greatness from those most glorious of days . 
  in supporting leaving the union to solve britain 's immigration problem . 
  his ignorance spoke for him , 
  and i 'm sure they were all walking around with their identity cards glued to their foreheads , as such as to allow you to see their citizenship  that 's the problem with you daily mail schizophrenics , you 've started to see romanians everywhere . 
  there are more italians , more portuguese , more hungarians and about 5 times more poles than romanians . 
  and if by some chance you 've mistaken us for the inelegant rroma , i will have you enlightened about the fact that the majority of rroma gypsy in the uk , are from slovakia , hungary and the czech republic .
