  also , if you 're not swedish or have insight into the swedish foster care system , you should n't really assume it sucks as much as ( i 've heard it does ) in the us . 
  generalisations ahoy , sorry . 
  ca n't tell if sarcastic . 
  that 's quite alright , i suppose most people look at the world through the prism of their own surroundings . 
  it 's only natural , especially in such a huge and diverse country which is geographically isolated from most of the world . 
  rurik is the founder of the rurikovich ( or rurikid ) dynasty . 
  dyre the stranger - i do n't know . 
  holy shit , some of you idiots are inhumane as fuck . 
  ( not directed at op who 's just asking a question ), 
  and then noone ever does . 
  this is the kind of people who should be celebrated as heroes , not the usual fare of `` badass '' people ( as in , killed a bunch of people , only it was a war so it 's ok ) that i tend to see in til . 
  what makes you say that ? 
  thing is , your post rests on the assumption that catholics believe god 's only purpose is to make people comfortable in every way , as opposed to giving them free will and letting them shape the world how they see fit and judging them based on their choices . 
  imo , a theory of an interventionist deity would completely invalidate almost all ethical dilemmas and our species ' exploration of , well , everything , and have us be little more than tomatoes . 
  we 're discussing the compatibility of catholic belief with evolution , not different philosophies on the existence of free will ( vs determinism , etc. ) . 
  catholics believe that free will exists , therefore my previous post stands , and i ca n't see how you can claim incompatibility between catholicism ( as in , what the catholic church stands for ) and evolutionary theory . 
  i sincerely hope you are trolling ( albeit ineffectively ) because otherwise it sadly seems that all you 're interested in is talking at people , instead of talking with them , which is not a road that 'll lead to the building of any , however profound , understanding of other human beings . 
  only , the existence of free will is more of a philosophical issue . 
  also , it 's interesting that you seem to be pulling your statements out of thin air . 
  where did i say what i did or did not believe in ? 
  honestly , you 're behaving like a caricature . 
  i 'm sorry , but i 'm not interested in having a conversation with you any longer . 
  but seriously , i do n't get a single google suggestion for it . 
  wow , and i thought my 12mbps for < 20 euros ( croatia ) was a pretty sweet deal . 
  yeah , only every conflict is n't the same . 
  i do n't really see that much criticism for the us involvement in wwii , which is probably because joining the side of the allies was the right thing to do . 
  stopping a literal genocide of hundreds of thousands or millions is a worthwhile thing . 
  invading a country under a fake premise of wmds because you want the economic benefits it 'll bring your high positioned friends really is n't . 
  propping up south american dictatorial regimes because they suit you is n't fucking alright . 
  wow , i read that and ( i know i 'm stupid ) i never before realized how they basically foreshadowed a hell of a lot of things with the direwolf pups scene at the beginning . 
  the dead direwolf and stag are ned and robert , and the direwolves basically represent the children . 
  grey wind , like robb , gets killed by arrows in a cowardly fashion , nymeria is forced to flee far away , lady , through no fault of her own , gets killed ( ok sansa does n't get killed , but her life is n't a picnic ) , etc. 
  i do n't know , i somehow get the feeling she 'll outlive everyone . 
  i especially have the feeling she 'll outlive petyr baelish . 
  i would reckon she 'll be dead inside by the end , at least . 
  oh , i did n't think of that . 
  yeah , i can see rickon growing up a bitter , angry savage who swoops in and kills a bunch of those schemers who wronged his family . 
  anyways , who knows where he is at the moment ... 
  just because a country is a good place for ( some of ) its citizens to live in does n't necessarily mean it 's a good country in general and has some kind of moral high ( or equal ) ground just because of it . 
  roman empire , nazy germany had it won wwii , etc. 
  edit : i was actually replying to the above comment with this but i guess it applies here , too . 
  who puts someone 's humanity status in quotes , for fuck 's sake . 
  what a jolly old cunt you are . 
  i was referring to the part of your post that goes :, 
  `` people '' like you have ridiculous presumptions/assumptions and do n't know what they 're talking about . 
  this did n't used to happen to me , but it started around my second year of university , i think . 
  maybe it was the stress , or the fact that i do n't usually exercise any more . 
  that was very painful for me emotionally . 
  sometimes , when i 'm lying in bed or just generally feeling very relaxed and start to think about various concepts like the universe , infinity and such , i `` zoom out '' . 
  it 's hard to explain and it kind of sounds like i 'm a delusional person who believes in paranormal stuff or whatever , but it 's not that . 
  it 's like , i 'm still me and all , but i partly feel like i 'm not located inside my body anymore . 
  i mean literally , the feeling in my body kind of numbs out and it 's like my sense of proprioception ( am i using this right ? ), 
  fools me into thinking i 'm actually quite far away . 
  i 'd describe it as a weird sense of detachment . 
  the feeling is similar to when i was a little boy and i 'd think about the incomprehensible vastness of the universe and feel as if i 'm just about to have some sort of breakthrough and then my brain kind of panics and freezes , but just before it does . 
  thanks for the explanation . 
  i know it 's not paranormal , i was just afraid of sounding like a crazy person because i 'm not explaining it well enough . 
  the dream dejavu one happens to me . 
  enjoy !, 
  not the best one , but the only one that comes to mind right now is when barristan advises prince quentyn to go back to dorne , and quentyn asks whether they 'd call him quentyn the craven or quentyn the quail , upon which barristan thinks to himself - `` the prince who came too late '' . 
  okay , thanks !, 
  amazon is n't really an option for me , but i guess i 'll get the recurring subscription and then cancel it . 
  will i still get the complimentary cartel coins right away even if i cancel subscription after i log into the game ? 
  is this a joke or something ? 
  obviously the hotel owner got nothing because the guy took his $ 100 back . 
  no , the cowhand 's sister used to owe him $ 100 but does n't any more , so in effect he paid his debt with the debt owed to him . 
  the $ 100 bill only shifted things around a bit . 
  court costs and such . 
  appeals , etc. 
  and if you got rid of those , you 'd be executing innocent people left and right . 
  i agree the irony is striking and i 'm on the side of the ukrainians here , but i 'd just like to point out that from my perspective all of those bullet points are more or less represented in the us as well . 
  i know it does n't make russia any bit less bad , i just feel it 's worth saying . 
  itt some americans are one zombie apocalypse or less away from being the governor from walking dead . 
  the world , humanity et al is one gigantic work of art created by everyone and everything . 
  an infinite tapestry . 
  i retract that bit about your cunt fucking kids . 
  the watchers disregarding varys will make the 5th book 's epilogue ( kevan and the little birds ) even more satisfying to watch . 
  well i hope so too , is n't he basically totally absent in the book as well ? 
  i mean after tyrion escapes . 
  wait , so first you say * every * 1st world country is guilty , which is preposterous , and then you defend by saying people act like * every * 1st world country other than the us is n't . 
  it is n't all that black and white , you know . 
  there can be a * gasp * mixed situation . 
  anyways , stop excusing misdeeds by supposing everyone does them as well . 
  that kind of stupid thinking is what always made historical atrocities possible . 
  it still does n't make it right . 
  in the case of a different country doing the same thing , one can disagree with both the us and their own country . 
  also , there 's spying , and then there 's * spying * , meaning that there 's a difference when it 's not too invasive and is more or less necessary , and when one spies on entire populations ... 
  basically , fuck the us , fuck everyone else like them too , and fuck inhumane policy . 
  does that spell it out for you ? 
  some people just seem to have bought into the whole `` us vs them , kill or be killed , spy or be spied upon '' paradigm which basically serves to self-perpetuate with silly arguments like `` everyone does it too '' and such , which is very sad to me . 
  i do n't know if that 's supposed to be good or bad in this context ( i do n't really consider a country and all its inhabitants to be the same thing ) , but i am not . 
  not ominous at all ... :p, 
  i 'm from croatia . 
  not that it matters much to my opinion , really . 
  it 's not really alarming , i was just joking , haha . 
  yeah , even the hound looked taken aback/horrified for a moment . 
  only aeron was already in the show for a few episodes , so it would n't really make sense to merge them now . 
  oh , my mistake then , though i could 've sworn they said it was him . 
  maybe i was just seeing what i expected to see . 
  it 's best to remove yourself from leadership by setting yourself as leader , and then replacing yourself with someone who is n't leading anything ( no sword on portrait ) .
