  the wars during the breakup of yugoslavia had nothing to do with religion , but nationality , and not even that , really . 
  not that it makes it much better , but the number of displaced is n't in the millions , and it 's not like there were n't a ton of war crimes on the bosniak side as well . 
  terrible things were committed by all sides , in greater magnitude or lesser ( two wrongs do n't make a right , but not all wrongs are equal ) . 
  anyways , this thread is really shit , i ca n't believe the generalizations here both about muslims , christians and whomever else . 
  edit : changed were n't to were ( original sentence construction was `` not that terrible things were n't ... '' ), 
  edit2 : closed parenthesis in first edit so ocd people do n't get mad . 
  edit3 : why not . 
  if i go out and rob a liquor store , it wo n't be because i am a christian or a muslim . 
  i 'll happen to be christian/muslim/whatever , but that 's not the cause of the robbery . 
  religion is , or better said used to be ( in some nations religion is no longer that relevant politically ) , tightly connected to ethnicity , but correlation is not causation . 
  anyways , as for your last sentence ... you 're a joker , man . 
  peace out . 
  and putin will rule russia forever . 
  yes !, 
  bananas in pyjamas !, 
  source : 4 . godina fer-a . 
  definitivno slo\u017ei custom konfiguraciju , dobit \u0107e\u0161 bolje komponente za isti novac . 
  give me a break , man , since when ca n't you have multiple heritages ? 
  maybe his mother and father are croatian and irish or something like that . 
  yes , i am the [ allfather ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/odin ) , bow down before me . 
  i for one think it 's nice that he cares enough to come here and ask about these things . 
  you 're being impolite , and besides , as the others say , if he considers his croatian/irish roots important then they are important . 
  one should sometimes differentiate between ethnicity and nationality . 
  dude what the hell 's your problem ? 
  you 're a bit fighty today xd, 
  * bosnian-croatian women ( as in croatian women in the bosnian region ) . 
  btw , friendly google translate tip , always place commas where they need to be ( sometimes it does n't group words together well enough if you do n't ) . 
  for instance , had you placed a comma between ` yes ' and ` sorry ' , the translation would 've been pretty much perfect . 
  you know , except for the croatian part of your sentence . 
  which one ? 
  i tried googling around but could n't find a map which compares pre - and post-ottoman croatia . 
  it 's okay , it 's not very good but we still understand you , they 're just being dicks . 
  bila je na / r/europe mapa s medijanima . 
  irelevantni su . 
  [ ca n't tell if ] ( http://i0.kym-cdn.com/photos/images/newsfeed/000/131/399/fry.png?1307468855 ), 
  they already could . 
  extended vanilla experience ship repair already costs manpower , i know that for sure . 
  and i 'm guessing that shipbuilding is the same , but do n't remember exactly . 
  zagreb is the capital of croatia . 
  approximately , yes . 
  bran , sansa and arya not doing it could be because of their mother . 
  granted , when you say `` i 'm assyrian '' , it can be heard as `` i 'm a syrian '' :p, 
  a friend of a friend got hit by two trains while crossing a railroad . 
  that 's right , two trains . 
  one hit him and threw him onto a train coming from the other direction . 
  he was in his early 20s , it was so fucking tragic , but i still had to fight not to laugh when i heard about it . 
  afaik , highgarden was on aerys ' side . 
  um yeah i do n't like communism but who gives a shit . 
  do n't worry , it 's a reference to a character in it 's always sunny in philadelphia . 
  a character who incidentally is kind of a sociopath . 
  well he 's not a full on rapist like charlie , with all the children , dyslexics etc. 
  i always see this and never can quite remember which episode it 's from . 
  because real life is not fucking reddit . 
  edit : sorry if that 's harsh but a large number of people on reddit really ought to get a grip . 
  that 's retarded . 
  sorry , could n't resist the irony . 
  but yeah , you 're right , it 's not fair to people with autism and i apologize to them and their friends/family , i just was n't thinking about it when i said it . 
  my point was how out of touch people can be in some threads on reddit . 
  every friggin ' time you 'll have people defending zoophilia , rapists , incest , child molesters and all kinds of fucked up crap . 
  you know who this is n't fair to ? 
  gay people whose relationships should n't be compared to incest and animal fucking . 
  yeah , only i would 've never said such a thing about interracial marriage , since there 's no valid reason against it grounded in facts . 
  even in my less liberal younger days , i would 've never discriminated someone based on race . 
  as for incest , something something inherent power imbalance , influence on child psyche during development ( can there really be consent if someone 's though processes where shaped by the other person , or possibly fucked up parents if it 's a brother-sister kind of relationship ) , then genetic reasons , etc. 
  morality aside even , it 's simply not something that 'd be remotely good for society . 
  as for the rest of the list , i 'm glad we at least agree on that . 
  although you 're wrong in saying noone advocates zoophilia for instance , because there 's one subthread about it on every reddit thread where it can be squeezed in , and people discuss it all nicely , nodding along with each other while i read it in wonder and refrain from commenting because i know i 'll just be downvoted . 
  i think he means to say that indonesia executes drug offenders , 
  yeah , i do n't think that really breaks the spirit of the rule . 
  if anything , it 's much more comfortable viewing the map like this because you can zoom gradually . 
  if it was , say , a gigantic 5000x5000 image , you could only view it as a tiny image or a monstrosity that you have to scroll around for ages . 
  it 's just how us non native speakers like to troll you guys . 
  can i just join tonight and see what 's available or do i need to announce what i want before ? 
  steam profile : http://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198083239317/, 
  could , and if you want my honest opinion , should . 
  it does n't matter what the other guy did or if it seems badass to us - it 's still wrong and against the law . 
  * especially * with the weird tongue bit . 
  i think you 'd really like [ rebel galaxy ] ( http://store.steampowered.com/app/290300/ ) , it 's a great feeling playing it , especially at first , and it 's been compared a lot to firefly . 
  oh sorry , i totally missed that . 
  i was like `` why have n't these people mentioned rebel galaxy ?!, 
   no one really knows how the croatian people would treat the ` rats ' who informed the world that the croatians were also committing a genocide . 
  talk about a sentence that 's loaded as fuck . 
  we could maybe run it off of military ranking . 
  i agree that there needs to be consequence for an independence action . 
  i 'm not sure if losing the nation is too harsh , but i find myself more or less in agreement with your proposal . 
  as for limiting the number of independence supporters , i 'm not sure what the best course is frankly so i 'll wait for someone else to suggest something . 
  does the too big distance thing prevent humans from supporting independence of a human colonial nation , or is it like that only if the colonial nation is an ai ? 
  imo the problem is actually that players do n't act logically . 
  there are a lot of examples . 
  it all started with the massive gank of the ottomans , which is basically the only reason dakarans ' italy got so overpowered . 
  poor coordination between england austria and burgundy resulted in france going superpower ( and noone trying to limit it ), 
  no player on portugal and inexperienced player on aragon results in spain snowballing . 
  the ragequits did n't help either . 
  i do n't know , we ca n't really make a rule against colluding as it 's impossible to enforce . 
  we can do an arbitration if things get dicey , but these rules are at least a step in the right direction . 
  what does cromwell have to do with anything ? 
  well i do n't know much about cromwell frankly , only a little . 
  i guess the only weird political thing is the way people are talking way too much about immigration now , instead of all the cool stuff that made the sub awesome before . 
  alright , i 've added you mate ( my display name is the hound ), 
  i 've added you ( my display name is the hound ),
