yeah , like , every time . 
  yeah , that kind of crap 's what got shows like firefly or jericho cancelled . 
  effin ' idiots who 'd rather watch some made up celebrities than enjoy a bitchin ' tv show . 
  [ / geekrant ], 
  what 's click fraud ? 
  ( directly relates to the ` dumb questions ' post . 
  i 'm just fucking sorry you ca n't go into a store and be like , give me 10 square meters of bubble wrap . 
  yeah , it 's like , every time i go through one , i either make an opening hand motion or say something . 
  you can get a lot of weird looks from people like this . 
  ayup . 
  plus , only people like that guy from dead like me can actually pull it off without looking like a hick or a grandpa . 
  actually and wondrously , ` whilst ' was purely spontaneous . 
  who knows what i 'd say were i taking a big dump at this very moment ? 
  i have no problems like that . 
  in fact , the person who reads the weather over here is an extremely hot chick . 
  eh , she knows where to point . 
  enough ? 
  here 's one who does n't . 
  it 's just that the game 's not all that hot , plus it 's a life stealer . 
  tried that one . 
  all i got was a headache and a case of chronically bad breath . 
  do n't ask how and why . 
  ah that . 
  well , it 's an ok idea i guess , but a bit screwed up since they pay very low fees for that kind of thing anyways . 
  i think it comes down to 5 or 10 cents per click . 
  but yeah , think globally , act locally . 
  the adventures of miles vorkosigan series by lois mcmaster bujold . 
  also , catcher in the rye , for some odd reason . 
  everyone does it . 
  it 's like . . * clicks random link *, 
  * sees better link *, 
  a process in your head goes like :, 
  `` oh shit i hope it was n't already too far gone so that the new link does n't work , oh fuck it let 's try and see . '', 
  another example is from back when i had a lousy connection , someone 'd rickroll me , and i had good enough reflexes to click another link before it loads . 
  try something like that yourself . 
  click this link : http://www.lemonparty.org, 
  well , what 's left to say but :, 
  thank you , come again . 
  i am jack 's useless post . 
  you do n't stand up to wipe ? 
  that 's a new one . 
  anyways , i taught myself how to tie my shoes when i was little , despite my father trying to teach me how to do it properly . 
  i 've been tying them up all weird ever since . 
  people are puzzled at how i ca n't tie my shoes the way everyone does , but i swear my way works better . 
  uhuh , tons of times . 
  it 's kinda like deja vu , but it 's not about where you go , but an whole memory of an event . 
  it happens to me once every two weeks approximately . 
  something happens and i 'm like ... jesus christ !, 
  i dreamt this the other day !, 
  i do n't really know . 
  it 's basically related to the first loop you make . 
  i do it the other way around and the swoops always turn out to be kind of big . 
  it 's weird . 
  if i was n't too lazy to make a photo and upload it . . :p, 
  glad to know i 'm not alone . 
  we should make a club . 
  i think , therefore ... nah , forget it . 
  i only abbreviate it in places where you get modpwnt for swearing . 
  but yeah , generally , i agree with you . 
  sometimes it 's over the top though . 
  i always do it . 
  and well , it kinda makes you less sleepy . 
  seems everyone has their place of inspiration . 
  yep . 
  i mean , i can always read it perfectly and to me it seems very good , but people say that it sucks . 
  yeah , i learned that the hard way . 
  funny and wtf as well at times , but this is kinda my favorite one . 
  i dunno , serious sam 2 was a good game if you ask me . 
  i might be biased 'cause people from my country made it though . 
  but fyi , the bad jokes were kinda on purpose in it . 
  it 's a joke inside a joke . 
  nope , i ca n't really do it . 
  i did try it again just now , though . 
  but what i did notice is that whenever anyone moves the skin on their forehead , all of their head skin moves too , and the hair moves along with it . 
  looks weird on some people . 
  my friend , for example , does it and his hair moves by almost 2 inches . 
  hahaha , yes !, 
  it 's like having a soundtrack to your life . 
  awesome . 
  my parents are n't bad , but there are some fucked up things i hope i 'll manage to avoid doing . 
  the main actor kind of annoys me a bit . 
  it 's not that boring , but it ai n't that funny either . 
  badly , not that much . 
  but i hate bad singing yelling people . 
  yup . 
  pretty much . 
  i always make it one that ends in a 0 , on top of that . 
  yup , i do . 
  one example is dust in the wind , which reminds me of this one girl i know , and a time . 
  yeah ... a lot of times . 
  it 's mostly that i remember old games as way more awesome than they actually turn out to be when i finally turn them on . 
  there are some exceptions , luckily , but i just hate to get disappointed after i build up my expectations . 
  my biggest problem , personally , is the fact that you never know what can be on the toilet seat . . 
  girls lol , rice , alcohol , art , etc. 
  i can certainly understand that you 're feeling very guilty about all this , and that 's normal . 
  what you did as well , that 's normal too . 
  from your whole post i deduct that you love and care about your sister very much . 
  despite the fact that this sounds corny as hell , you did do what was best and what any ideal brother would do . 
  you took the hard , but right , way , no matter the consequences in the form of her hating what you did , because you knew it was what was best for her and had to be done . 
  what you went through and how you handled it all took a lot of guts , and i admire you for that .
