  i hope that everything will eventually come into place and that things will be in the best of orders . 
  oh my god . . 
  when we first got wireless internet , that 's the first thing my brother did . 
  he took his laptop to the toilet and went online while he took a dump . 
  i 've never been a book/newspaper/laptop to the bathroom kind of guy . . 
  i do n't know why you even bother yourself with it . 
  i mean , i can go like :, 
  `` well , i 'd guess that it is a tradition derived from times when most of the population was religious and people wished blessings upon each other from god , and therefore , their religion affected the way they spoke . 
  the same thing stuck until today . '', 
  but i 'm just gon na go ahead and call you stupid . 
  not really , but for some reason i imagine cutting down every tree and those little light-reflecting posts on the side of the road . 
  weird . 
  touch pads in excess just feel awkward and inaccurate . 
  i prefer the good old buttons , really . 
  and no , i 'm not 70 . 
  [ weak attempt at reviving the clever comments in the form of words in brackets from the beginning of this reddit ], 
  pretty much . 
  yeah . 
  it 's a crap thing , really . 
  it happens to mostly everyone . 
  i heard it 's 'cause your brain thinks for a second that one of your limbs is `` dead '' and sends an impulse to test it , kickstart it , or whatever . 
  i remove the weird brownish/black tip , yeah . 
  yeah , tons of times . 
  you of course want to stay in bed as long as you can . 
  it 's even better to get 5 minutes less of sleep and just laze around the bed than just get up as soon as you wake up . 
  i give such a low amount of flying fuck about balloon boy that i do n't even know what you are talking about . 
  yeah , all the time . 
  mostly , whenever i see a tv show that i really like , i end up being emotionally connected with the characters and the `` universe '' itself . 
  it 's kind of what makes great tv shows and movies , well , great . 
  the first examples that come to mind are battlestar galactica and harry potter . 
  i do n't get why everyone 's dissing the finale . 
  for me it was really awesome , despite a few missed targets . 
  it provided a great end to the saga of the characters i loved , mainly baltar , kara thrace and lee adama . 
  i do n't cry like . . ever . 
  but i did let down a tear when baltar talked about farming again . 
  kind of a ` back to your roots ' thing , which especially reminded me about a part of my own life . 
  it was very touching , really . 
  plus , you 've got to love president lampkin there . 
  and the very end of the finale made me laugh my ass off . 
  referring to the part in 140,000 years later when that robot dances to hendrix 's all along the watchtower . 
  but well , i can understand if the end was not legendary enough to cap off a great series like that . 
  sweats are more comfortable . 
  while it 's winter , heat the house up and walk around in shorts . 
  yay energy waste !, 
  she 's definitely breathing . 
  that much i know . 
  i just hope the game does n't disappoint . 
  - we have to try . 
  if and when we do it , it wo n't be perfect , but it 'll be a new grounds to explore , new challenges to overcome . 
  makes it worth it . 
  imagine all the possibilities . 
  - i do n't really know how soon , because we ca n't really predict how science will develop . 
  right now , we ca n't do it in any case . 
  we - might - be able to build something small on the moon , but that 'd take joint efforts from various nations ' space programmes and a lot more money invested than has nearly been invested before . 
  as for mars colonization , the only possibility i , as a not so knowledgeable person , see is building a dome-like structure on mars with a small diameter inside which we 'd try to bring algae and various bacteria which would start producing oxygen and maintain a small artificial atmosphere . 
  we could then move on to actually producing small quantities of food and such , but who knows how long that 'd take . 
  in any case , though , i do n't really see more than small time colonization of mars or the moon in the foreseeable future . 
  - everything is possible . 
  right now , it is not . 
  we 'd have to figure out a more effective means of propulsion so we could bring more weight with our ships , gravity would n't really be such a problem , harsh environment would be but i think we could find a way there . 
  basically , we need more technology and the freaking world finally has to come to terms about joint projects of space exploration , maybe stop wasting money on wars that could be spent on more noble and ultimately valuable pursuits . 
  if we stopped fighting amongst each other we might actually achieve something as a race . 
  - no idea . 
  what do you mean ... control . . theem ... selves ? 
  well , yeah . 
  oh and , forgot to answer the question ` why ? ' ... 
  so why ? 
  why not ? 
  what is the meaning of our life as a culture , as a race , a species , if we are not to constantly seek out knowledge ? 
  to boldly go where no man has gone before , as someone from a box with a screen once said . 
  curiosity and the pursuit of knowledge and understanding is in man 's nature . 
  we can not deny our nature . 
  and i do n't see why we 'd want to . 
  it was a rhetorical question , actually . 
  as jokeexplainer would say :, 
  `` i was expressing my custom to actually lip sync the lyrics of the music i am listening to , no matter where i am located , in a pretentiously humorous manner that was supposed to make myself look witty and convey a message of my wondering about why anyone would care about people seeing them do it and wonder what their shit is all about . '', 
  we have not yet reached such an advanced unison of our biology , technology and lifestyle that would enable us to live long enough for furniture forts to stop amusing us . 
  almost every time . 
  look at me , i 'm a firetruck !, 
  awesome !, 
  we should hang out . 
  i just wan na inform you all that i used the `` ask me if i 'm a tree . '', 
  thing on three people already . 
  the results are awesome !, 
  the first person laughed their ass off with me , the second one was like :, 
  `` wtf ?!??????? '', 
  and produced a `` haha . '', 
  after a bit . 
  it was a fake haha , though , i suspect . 
  and the third also laughed . 
  the best thing though , is that i myself laugh my ass off while doing goofy stuff like that . 
  thanks for the one liner minymoo . 
  yeah , very often . 
  it 's also sometimes true for dark creepy alleys . 
  i do a lot of the crazy shit that 's normally posted on dae , but not this one . 
  sorry , man . 
  yes . 
  i also breathe . 
  nah , not really . 
  it 's a weird mustache , if you ask me , hitler or no hitler .
