  upvoted for gross . 
  well yeah , it does n't really bother me when i know i can clean it off with water the very same second . 
  when you 're under the shower , a lot of things that are generally gross become not , well , gross . 
  yeah , sure , especially if it 's a kickass song . 
  that 's mostly how i got to have most of my collection of various bands ' and other artists ' discography . 
  you can discover a lot of kickass stuff this way . 
  i just do n't torrent it , though , i go to this one warez forum for stuff , but that 's just semantics now . 
  i never really knew what it was before i clicked this topic , and i 'm feeling rather nostalgic at the moment . 
  world peace . 
  but seriously now , it 's actually pretty hard to pick just one thing because i do n't even know where to start from . 
  i guess it 'd be a riot to find out how exactly all of the universe was created , and if by a certain entity , to know what exactly it is and understand it . 
  i can understand if someone pees , masturbates or murders people under the shower , but brushing teeth ? 
  it 's you ... 
  it 's people like you who make this world disgusting and evil !, 
  upvoted for actually being the first person to say the line i wanted someone to say from the moment i registered under the name . 
  ca n't you just go work as a teacher somewhere ? 
  i mean , it 's probably not such a good job , but eh , you can at least do that until something better comes up or you advance your degree a bit . 
  i still find the odd one around the house , though i 've not used them in a couple of years , though that itself is also surprising , unless you know that, 
  my `` computer class '' at school used to be so backwards that we still used floppy disks to save stuff on them . 
  yeah , get them in my left eye sometimes . 
  i could go for the ` lack of sleep ' thing , 'cause i often feel tired . 
  they last a couple minutes tops , just a strange twitch , well , not of the eye , but the eyelid itself . 
  it 's kinda weird . 
  yeah , how i hate when this happens . 
  and what 's strangest is that it does n't happen only with obscure people . 
  i meet a really great girl , and guess what , i forget her name . 
  i forget my driving instructor 's name . 
  i forget my professor 's name . 
  it 's both hilarious and disastrous . 
  and i never quite ask them their name again later , and it goes a few days like that , then some more , more , and it keeps going in circles . 
  i really did n't expect this to have been a site-wide bug . 
  i did n't really believe whoever designed the site could 've made such a profound error . 
  i was clinging to a bit of a hope for humanity by thinking that it was only me . 
  anyways . 
  good job , guy . 
  well is n't shock useful , eh ? 
  think about it , had she actually felt the immense pain she 'd have fallen down and probably bled out because she 'd not be able to move from such an injury , simply out of psychological reasons . 
  good thing someone eventually noticed the friggin ' blade sticking out of her . 
  this is totally going into my blog !, 
  reddit is a downer only when the world 's upside down . 
  * insert harsh comment about microsoft 's greedy , corporatist and incompetent nature here *, 
  just because it 's a hassle to explain internet phenomenon to non-internet-savvy people . 
  `` well , reddit is basically , like ... '' fuck that . 
  easier than cleaning it with the brush . 
  plus , it 's like target practice , only with your dick . 
  `` scottish accent : too far . 
  you 've taken it too far . 
  in the way that it publishes software purely for profit , while pushing quality in the corner as long as most customers still fall for their marketing and propaganda . 
  take vista , for example . 
  and take vista 's exclusivity on bought computers ( ms stops selling xp in packages , all computer sellers offer only vista , though it 's inferior ) , then they publish a bit better version of vista and call it a new os , and the circle continues and continues . 
  not to mention their monopolistic nature . 
  jesus christ , why are you still married to her , then ? 
  it is inevitable . 
  my world has flipped a 180 . 
  hehe , just kidding . 
  though do n't misunderstand me , i 'm taking your topic seriously and i think it 's good that you seem to be trying to resolve some of your issues . 
  what is this i do n't even -, 
  i have a distinct feeling that this thread will have one clear direction . 
  i 'll take it into consideration . 
  ( i will . ), 
  it 's just that i 'm gon na have to order it with my dad 's credit card 'cause i do n't have one . 
  just slightly over my price range , sadly . 
  i do n't have a job ( in college ) so i 've never really had any need for a card until i needed to buy stuff from the internet . 
  which is now . 
  you 're just missing it . 
  ( it 's been mentioned at least 6 times so far . ), 
  my head hurts from lack of comprehension . 
  i need a lemon . 
  parachute out of a plane . 
  write a book . 
  paint a painting . 
  build a house . 
  eat 50 candy bars in 20 minutes and dread the aftermath . 
  fire a sniper rifle . 
  buy a sword . 
  catch a huge fish . 
  okay , and yes , two chicks at the same time . 
  nice . 
  what did you write about if i may ask ? 
  sweet . 
  i 'm actually going to start studying computer science in the fall . 
  just 5 years to go to my master 's degree . 
  though admittedly i know very , very little at the moment . 
  the only thing they do for me is open wide the can of awesomeness on my table , taunting me to go nuts . 
  a hearty thanks for the advice of someone knowledgeable . 
  anywho , yes , i agree with your thoughts about doing projects aside from regular education stuff . 
  however , i do n't really know much about anything at the moment ( though i am a hardworking person with some natural affinities to the area ) so i ca n't really know what i plan to do until i get a bit more into it all . 
  anyways , the way the university programs are organized in my country is that during the attaining of one 's bacc . 
  degree , the area of study is generally more broad . 
  what i mean is , i 'm first studying computing for the first three years and only after that do i get the chance to specialize in one of 4 more particular areas . 
  i might be wrong , but it seems to me like two years are n't that much to `` lose '' if i end up feeling like i need to know more but ca n't learn it all by myself . 
  i do n't plan on becoming a millionaire or anything , though i 'd never complain if i did by some astronomically improbable coincidence . 
  take a picture of the two of you ( nothing kinky , lol ) wearing two cartons on your heads ( so noone can recognize you ) and holding a `` hi , reddit '' sign on plain white paper . 
  also , for further verification , there must be a lamp sitting on a chair behind you two . 
  true , but he 'd have to tell her why she 's having her picture posted on the internet . 
  what do you know , a carton fetish . 
  sadly , not even the strangest one people 've come up with . 
  luckily , i should n't have debt issues because there are n't any tuitions whatsoever here provided i do n't fail anything and food/lodging is not that expensive when you have some student privileges , so that 's not a problem for me . 
  anyways , as for the masters , as i said , i ca n't really know for sure if i 'd want it or not , but right now i 'd feel more comfortable with it . 
  do n't think i did n't read everything you said in your post here , though .
