  history , as we know , is written by the victor . 
  and really , man , you 're seriously going to whip out the `` they were all guilty '' party line ? 
  why do n't you start calling them gooks while you 're at it ? 
  that kind of thing is precisely the tactic military uses to dehumanize the enemy . 
  reduce their personality to one `` evil '' thing : `` noone is innocent , they all want to kill us , so we should kill them first '' and so it begins . 
  also , i 'm quite sure the nazis did n't go about killing tons of people because their gameboy broke so they had to do something else for fun . 
  however twisted they may have been , i 'm positive that they had a reason for what they did , albeit one they probably deluded themselves into believing . 
  the only hard difference here is that there are americans who still continue to believe their own lie after all this time . 
  i seriously wonder what you would say to a kid who still suffers the genetic consequences of radiation after all that time , or to the families of all the innocent people that have been killed . 
  yes , that is correct , innocent . 
  killing civilians like that is in incredibly disgusting violation of humanity . 
  but , as before and as it is now , the big dogs can get away with performing war crimes , while shouting away how war crimes are bad and scolding weaker nations who perform them . 
  anyways , you said that you do n't support things like that , so i 'm not putting all this on you . 
  also , you do n't need to feel shame or remorse because you were n't the one who pressed that button or advocated that someone does . 
  however , using a fear of some pretended future to justify horrendous crimes in the present is simply wrong . 
  i 'm sorry if i accidentally said that both sides ' crimes were equal in gravity . 
  of course , i do acknowledge all the evil things the axis did , there 's no doubt about it , and if this were a discussion about their crimes , i 'd be much more vehemently against the side of the discussion which would be defending anything they 'd done . 
  what i meant was that , in my mind , evil is evil , and measuring it does n't do that much good . 
  as soon as two sides measuring who did * more * bad things , in my mind they 've both already lost the position of the ethical one . 
  anyways , my last statement was in regards to the whole `` many more people would 've died had we not dropped the bombs '' . 
  that may very well be true , but i think that people should not use the fear of a possible bad future by commiting evil things to prevent it . 
  if i knew that a million or many more , for that matter , people may or even surely would be killed in two weeks , and they could be saved by killing a hundred thousand innocent ones , i do n't think for a second that we 'd be justified in putting human lives on a scale and deciding who deserves to live and who deserves to die . 
  it might be the smart thing to do , but it 's nowhere near the right thing to do . 
  i mean , i know it 's pretty easy to ride the high horse without having been in the shoes of the people who had to make those kind of decisions , but i feel that allowing yourself to even be stuck in that kind of a world is a definitively losing situation by itself . 
  to this day , i do n't see many or any governments doing anything to ensure peace for the sake of peace . 
  it 's the same old world as before , or even worse , just more aesthetically pleasing . 
  breaks every time ... 
  i wo n't go into whether it was an actual fascist salute or whatever it 's supposed to mean these days . 
  the only influence anything fascist has on anything in croatia is almost-three-digits-old farts , mostly politicians , broaching the subject and diverting attention from actual problems by talking out of their ass about communism or fascism - two things long departed from the area , and most thankfully so . 
  anyways , there are n't really any nazis or fascists in croatia . 
  at least not any more than your regular tiny percentage of dumb kids/misguided idiots you can find pretty much anywhere around the globe . 
  as for racism towards non-white people , that kind of sounds absurd to me . 
  i mean , there might be some circles that i do n't really know of where there 's actual racist people , but imho , you ca n't really be racist in the `` i hate [ insert group ] '' sense when you see almost no people of other races around anyways . 
  i can safely say that nobody sane around here hates any members of any race , though there 's probably a lot of people who find people of other races unusual to see , though not in a bad way . 
  think of it like seeing a martian walking down the street . 
  you do n't hate him and he pretty much comes in peace , but you 'll still throw a glance in his direction , 'cause , hell , you do n't see many martians except on tv . 
  that probably came out wrong , sorry . 
  what i mean is that the overpowering majority of people do n't hate members of any race , but you might see or hear conditionally racist stuff around . 
  like those tiny things like thinking black people are good at basketball or stuff . 
  i mean , nobody obsesses with random stuff like that , though i kind of have the impression that people in the us have a racism/possible pedophilia radar on call 24/7 , which is good , but also kind of fucked up in a way . 
  i 'd still say there 's a chunk of people who do n't like ( or even hate ) serbs all that much . 
  it 's been `` only '' 16 years or so after the war ended . 
  i mean , it 's a bit understandable ( though not condoned at all ) , but it 's still a stupid thing to do . 
  my dad 's a croatian war veteran and if i ever behaved like a dumbshit bigot towards any group , serbs included , he 'd call me a dumbass and tell me what 's what . 
  yeah but , frankly , i think that society 's learned its lesson and that that litttle dynamic duo wo n't be making a reappearance . 
  how could i forget ... 
  welcome to the world after the year 1990 ... 
  i discovered this site a few days ago just before i 'd gone to sleep . 
  the next morning i refreshed the site 16 times . 
  usually i can just get it to ring by setting it for a certain time . 
  it has n't demanded that i put out first in order for it to wake me , but that 's because i preemptively had it neutered . 
  never again . 
  by the way , an easy trick to keep your window and mirror from `` fogging up '' when you 're taking a shower is to just rub a bit of shaving cream on their surface ( do n't worry , it dissipates , you wo n't have foam all over the surface ) . 
  helps with the fact that after a shower , i ca n't comb my hair because i ca n't see shit in the mirror . 
  i believe you get your ass kicked for saying something like that , man . 
  good . 
  encores have become a sham anyways . 
  usually these kind of posts do n't provoke a reaction with me , but i actually smiled , heh . 
  this is seriously awesome . 
  [ perfect day by lou reed ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=e33i5nea6pq ), 
  when i was in elementary , this one kid who had some learning disability went ahead and copied the entire test of the guy next to him , including the name . 
  he copied the name wrong and that 's how the teacher managed to figure out which was the actual test . 
  i think this is kind of a trend in a lot of languages where christianity had a very strong influence ... 
  the word in my language ( croatian ) means `` with god '' , as in `` go with god '' , only its melted into one word . 
  called a guy from my high school class `` a total fag '' . 
  he 's one of my best friends now . 
  i 'm a jerk but luckily everything turned out to be okay now . 
  oh yes , i simply adore that introduction , as well as the movie . 
  simply beautiful . 
  wow , that brings peacocking to a whole new level . 
  talk about carrying your heart on your sleeve . 
  oh good . 
  i expected something worse , if you know what i mean . 
  by which i mean a turd . 
  upvote this comment and absolutely nothing special or extraordinary in any way will happen . 
  at least i 'm honest with you . 
  herman hesse - steppenwolf, 
  however , a honeymoon in diana probably is n't . 
  install the morrowind overhaul mod . 
  graphics rivaling oblivion 's , or at the very least not too unpleasant to the spoiled eye . 
  bob dylan - do n't think twice , it 's alright, 
  '' ... lord tywin lannister in the end did not shit gold . '', 
  dat last panel . 
  fuck that fucking sound, 
  you had a tough day at the office . 
  so you come home , make yourself some dinner , smother your elderly parents , pop in a movie , maybe have a drink . 
  it 's fun , right ? 
  wrong . 
  do n't smother your parents . 
  [ relevant xkcd ] ( http://xkcd.com/208/ ), 
  if only this was n't a realistic possibility . 
  am i the only one angry about the inability to unselect `` thank yo '' in that screenshot ? 
  in croatia we call it `` australia * and * oceania '', 
  you 're fucking nuts !, 
  love it !, 
  same thing wih monty python 's life of brian which has some good points about the nature of followers . 
  yeah , i bet he 'll be very gay when he hears the news . 
  please . 
  spare everyone . 
  your post is ignorant and attempts to reaffirm the misinformation that many already hold .
