  god no . 
  the same will happen to this here comment as well . 
  you 're quite the thinker . 
  a week ago , six days ago , 5 days ago , 4 days , ago ... 
  you get the point . 
  google search bar in the top right corner . 
  but yeah , i like the `` real '' google website more . 
  it 's pretty . 
  when i am the dictator of the world , those people will be the first to go . 
  every second of my life . 
  of course . 
  i speak more freely on the internet , as well as take part in more serious discussions more often than in real life . 
  it 's just that you can always stop the conversation with no consequences and there are places where people wo n't think you 're a douchebag if you use a more articulate vocabulary . 
  a good sneeze is always refreshing . 
  it just sucks if you have a sore or dry throat due to a cold 'cause then it does scratch the back of your throat . 
  anyways , sneeze = yeah . 
  i do n't need them 95 % of the time , but seeing them with the bottom of my eye and knowing that i can always look down there if i need to is just comforting . 
  i only use caps lock when i need to type out whole sentences in capital letters . 
  for titles and such . 
  in all other cases , shift rocks . 
  it 's just easier and faster . 
  `` oh bitch do n't go in there ! '', 
  sure , all the time . 
  i 've always wanted to say bitchin ' but never found an excuse to do so . 
  i do n't really cry or anything , at least for most things . 
  but some rare movies , books and shows are just so good that you connect with the characters and your favorite characters being happy makes you happy , etc. 
  it 's kinda like when i 'm happy when they kill off someone i do n't like . 
  i honestly cried ( a few tears rolled down but no whiney crying with sounds and crap ) in the end of blood diamond , for example . 
  aaaand what else , what else . 
  i also let down a couple of tears in the bsg finale when baltar said he was gon na go farming . 
  if you watched it you know why . 
  and i felt like bloody crying when firefly and jericho were canceled . 
  * waves stick *, 
  god yes . 
  that would raise reddit 's popularity radically . 
  oh goodness , turns out there 's good people in the world after all !, 
  i do n't really like rice all that much . 
  i 'm just upvoting you for the giant plummetting in self-worth you 're taking in order to get karma . 
  that 's worth something , is n't it ? 
  high five !, 
  why indeed . 
  * upvotes *, 
  yeah . . and reading through this topic , i just realized i probably sound like shit when i talk to people too . 
  my voice 's always sounded okay to me , but in recordings i tend to either sound like a small kid trying to make his voice deeper or like some creepy internet-lurking 40 year old . 
  dae breathe ? 
  upvoted for the word ` titillating ' . 
  i have a black hat myself , old school . 
  yeah but , so many things were left unanswered . 
  i mean , it 's probably better that they did what they did , because who knows , one day it might actually be continued , though i doubt it . 
  but what i mind most is that there 's so many unanswered questions . 
  alright man , thanks , will check them out right now . 
  sounds interesting and weird i never heard of them before . 
  thanks , dude !, 
  ca n't get that here , though , sadly . . 
  who says ` cooter ' ? 
  no , i linked lemonparty to someone as a prank . 
  i get the feeling you already knew that , though . 
  and i also get the feeling that you either visited the link or at some point in your life had trouble falling asleep . 
  that 's one sleepless night more for the world 's batting average . 
  looks like ... france is smoking hot ... 
  sure , man , and sorry for losing your pet . 
  i remember when i used to have a cat , moody little thing at times , but beautiful and awesome . 
  one day he just disappeared , 3 and something years old , never seen him again . 
  may we touch your belly ? 
  no , one of them was ` how i overcame my fear of being buried under tons of concrete ' . 
  ladies and gentlemen , this is your captain speaking . 
  we 're just about to touch down on planet earth , please fasten your seat belts . 
  thank you . 
  maybe if i could grow a moustache . 
  * tear *, 
  well , one thing which i find is important for me is being in a good mood . 
  if you 're feeling utterly crappy ( although , in some cases , depending on what you 're writing about , it can even help ) , you 're not going to do too well . 
  also , what 's very important are those bursts of creativity mostly everyone has . 
  when i write , i do n't do it slowly and regularly , at least in the initial phase ( devising up the whole thing , without the smoothing of the edges which comes later ) , but i write large quantities in short amounts of time ( relatively ) . 
  that way you can get a lot of the story done , and later you can smooth everything out even if you 're not at your peak motivation . 
  but i digressed here a bit . 
  what 's also important is that you care about what you write and that you write about what you know best . 
  some of the greatest artists wrote about things they knew best . 
  for example , take huckleberry finn . 
  but basically , there 's no strict formula in this case , it all depends . 
  oh and , a last note . 
  do know that even if you 're not feeling at your maximum , if you just start off , write half a page or such , with each letter you write you get more into it , and trust me , time passes quickly and the pages fill themselves out fast . 
  i have some extra karma , so i 'd like people to downvote this post a bit . 
  no problem man , i hope at least one of us manages to finally do a real ` piece ' . 
  i 've been writing this one book for a long time and i 'm just now falling into a writer 's block crisis . 
  wow , man , that 's harsh . 
  but how did that even happen to you ? 
  i mean , surely a parent ca n't just do such a thing to a child only on his word ? 
  why did n't anything seem a bit suspicious to people ? 
  i 'm not that familiar with how that whole medicine system works , but i do n't think that one can just send a child off to an institution . 
  scary . 
  office space taught me a lesson about printers a long time ago . 
  i , sir , know what thou art aiming at and find thine irony containing humor . 
  an upvote for thee !, 
  or , if you ever wind up inside fallout , you 'll have plenty of cold hard caps . 
  i do n't . 
  it 's probably because when you 're in the shower there 's constantly water on your equipment which washes away the natural lubricants which make the deed more enjoyable . 
  oh man , did i just make masturbation boring ? 
  well , yeah , especially in the summer . 
  when i ca n't sleep , i keep turning the pillow onto the other side over and over again every few minutes .
