  i fully understand what you mean by the importance of doing actual work , proving oneself , as well as the not-so-subtle difference between writing code and writing reliable code that can be maintained and upgraded , as well as providing full support for it . 
  personally , i hope that through these next 3 or 5 years , whichever way i end up going , i 'll find my optimal area - the one into which i can put both my mind and heart into . 
  my only fear , kind of , is the fact that i know very little and have somewhat neglected the time i was given . 
  throughout high school , i never knew for sure what i wanted to study after , so i did n't really throw myself into anything . 
  that 's kind of the reason why i 'm depending on these 5 years to both get myself formal education , but also get the groove of it all , expand my knowledge outside formal education and hopefully get a good idea which i would be capable enough to make into reality one day . 
  we do n't know each other , but trust me when i say it that i do n't mind work . 
  in fact , i love work , but only when it 's related to something i 'm interested in , computer science being that . 
  hopefully , i 'll be able to make up for my past inactivity and catch up with what seems to be a very fast-growing level of technology out there . 
  i know it requires constant learning , that 's for sure , but i do n't mind it . 
  and luckily , my brother 's also recently finished a masters in computer science and mathematics so i 'll be able to turn to him for some advice on an odd occasion . 
  anyways , thanks a lot for posting here . 
  i do n't know if you 're aware of it , but someone experienced taking the time to explain some things is invaluable to me . 
  i 'd quote the parts of your post i appreciated especially but i 'd end up quoting it all . 
  all in all , i can say that what you 've said here has increased my faith that i 've made the right choice when i enrolled where i did . 
  thank you for that . 
  well i do n't think that being gay affects how good a soldier someone is . 
  someone once said , and please pardon the use of derogatory terms , but :, 
  homosexuality is a sexual orientation , and being a fanny is just a personality trait . 
  what i 'm trying to say is , people seem to have this stereotype in their heads of all gay people being effeminate and stuff and i do n't think that 's quite correct , but eh . 
  i do n't really know any gay people personally , mostly 'cause i 'm just 18 years old and even if someone i know is gay , they do n't feel comfortable letting many others know about it because , although there 's a lot of prejudice towards homosexual people in general , there 's even more in my country , and though i do n't share their orientation , i have a ( slight ) understanding of how it must feel . 
  anyways , about the `` wanting to have sex with every male soldier '' , i 'd think that common sense dictates that you 're gay , not a bloody nymphomaniac . 
  it 's not like i want to have sex with - every - woman i see . 
  anywho , what i wan na know is ... what kind of attitude do your fellow soldiers have towards you if they know ? 
  i 'm glad to hear that , man . 
  ( it 's not as backward as i might 've made it sound , but many sure do n't like many things classified as `` different '' ), 
  the hivemind does not forgive . 
  the hivemind does not forget . 
  the hivemind is a cruel and savage beast which will torment you wherever you go and downvote everything you do , from the way you drink coffee and walk across the street to your every post you make on reddit . 
  the hivemind has declared its intentions . 
  you do know i 'm kidding ? 
  sounds like somebody 's got a bad case of the mondays . 
  life 's a bitch and then you die , bob . 
  that 's how it is . 
  `` looks like you 've been missing a lot of work lately . '', 
  `` i would n't say i 've been - missing - it , bob . '', 
  you might be interested in [ this ] ( http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0072725/ ), 
  as a devout believer , i think you 're being full of crap here . 
  in general , not speaking about homosexuality or anything in specific , people can not always control what their mind thinks of in a short moment when it 's left on the loose , and it 's what they do with it that counts . 
  basically , you 're saying here that some people are `` beyond redemption '' , as it were , and that 's kind of a shit statement because one of the basic things about christianity is that noone is beyond redemption . 
  again , this post does n't concern the merits or lackings of homosexual people . 
  oh sorry , excuse me for not knowing every line in the bible by heart . 
  all i know and all that 's important to me is that the spirit of christianity reflects forgiveness for any who repent and change their ways . 
  in any case , jesus also said something along the lines of `` do not judge or you will be judged yourselves '' , which would play nicely into the notion of us christians doing our best to be good people , trying to help others to improve themselves , all the while staying non-judgmental , avoiding opinions along the lines of us being right and the other side wrong , not mumbling and whispering about how this or that person did this or that and is going to get this or that for it . 
  strangely enough , even though our religion dictates to us that we avoid being judgmental , it is something christians prevalently do . 
  i suspected you were jerking around when you said `` blasphemy '' but i was n't sure . 
  anyways , look , whatever the bible says , the most important thing a christian should do is what jesus said about his two commandments . 
  the whole love thing , you know . 
  all else , while perhaps being true , is n't that important . 
  if you just do the jesus hippy thing about , you 're okay . 
  just be a good person . 
  i 'm sure that god does n't depend on us constantly saying how awesome he is . 
  trolls are n't real if you do n't believe in them . 
  sure . 
  that 's kind of common practice in my country . 
  everyone 's aware of it and there 's a lot of driver solidarity so you 'll mostly always get warned . 
  from what i understand though , in some other countries , blinking with lights gets you a ticket from the police and many do n't even know about the blinking thing having that meaning . 
  i ca n't help you seeing how i do n't even live in the us but i sympathize . 
  i 'm gon na go upvote you and wish you luck . 
  upboated for * it crowd * . 
  that 's both awesome and fucking hilarious . 
  sure , buddy . 
  nph is awesomeness in a can and it 'd be great to have him here . 
  napalm in the morning . 
  but seriously , i love the smell of gunpowder . 
  afaik everyone around me hates it , but i just love the residue smell of tons of firecrackers . 
  yeah , even croatia 's got free education . 
  ( though you pay around 45 euros for every ects point you 're missing at the end of the year ) . 
  if you 've got enough dough to buy food and have a place to live , you 're set . 
  the quality of our education mostly sucks , though . 
  yeah , and i kinda know about that , having lived in croatia almost all my life and all that jazz . 
  anyways , those were protests against the possibility of introducing tuition fees for those who do n't pass all their exams in one go ( you 'd get one , two or three tries before having to pay ) , or something like that . 
  anyways , and as i 've enrolled into university this year , so i know what i 'm talking about , there are absolutely no tuitions for anyone enrolling into the first year . 
  you normally get 60 ects points each year , and for every point you fail , you pay approx . 
  45 euros . 
  although , since our government is retarded , there 's been rumours of a possibility that the ministry of education does n't pay the universities their money , therefore forcing them to collect the dough from students until the gov ' t has cash to pay for it . 
  ( which is absolute bullshit , as all that money for education equals just a small fraction of the cost of their thievery and various bullshit projects ), 
  i think that 's actually a good system because it gives you totally free education if you 're good enough and a very cheap education if you 're kind of good . 
  also , it prevents those we call `` eternal students '' from doing what they do . 
  but yes , our education system still does suck in many aspects oh-so-much . 
  also , an issue is the fucked up economic situation of the country and the fact the government saves money by cutting funds for education , instead of reducing their own thievery a bit . 
  but the system of tuitions would work awesomely in a country that does n't normally suck as mine does . 
  yes , that is correct , though only those in the university of zagreb did it . 
  the other unis said they `` trust the government '' . 
  plus , some others , like my college ( even though i 'm in zagreb too ) , did n't have to sign anything . 
  anyways , i think it 's free for you too this year . 
  if not , they 'll probably make you pay the countervalue for all the ects points you did n't get . 
  i really do n't know , man , but i think that you just need a minimum of 60 ects not to pay anything every year , regardless of previous results . 
  however , i 'm not too sure on all this because i 'm only about to start my first year and all i know about how things in our system work is what i read about them and heard from other people . 
  are you attaining your bachelor 's or master 's ? 
  where are you from ? 
  anyways , basically , it depends on what aspect you 're interested in specifically . 
  universities are divided into colleges which in turn have various programmes and specializations . 
  as far as it 's concerned , you want to go to the university of zagreb or the university of split . 
  university of zagreb :, 
  fer ( http://fer.hr/en/ ) is arguably the best college in the country in its field , or at the very least in the top . 
  it 's also the one i 'm attending so you might think i 'm biased , but that 's not the case . 
  there 's a lot of info on its webpage so i 'm not going to go into the programmes in detail . 
  you should check everything it offers and see if anything 's compatible with what you 're going for . 
  if you find yourself having questions about it though , i 'll gladly elaborate further . 
  it 's just that i do n't want to clutter up my post .
