  i 'd hate to sound too paranoid , but the only way i see this is it being stupidity combined with potentially nefarious totalitaristic ( esque ) plans . 
  since this is a good enough topic filled with people experienced in that area , could someone tell me how i could avoid becoming `` that computer guy '' / stop being `` that computer guy '' ? 
  i started college 3 weeks ago and have already fixed settings and authentications for 8 internet connections for acquaintances in my dorm because noone apparently knows how to read step by step instructions . 
  i do n't know why you guys are dissing the comic , it 's hilarious . 
  plus a good variety of situations when you consider the fact that the basic idea is the same throughout all of them . 
  i just hope they 'll continue publishing regularly and not die . 
  being a whole continent must be such a burden for you . 
  * haha black people are funny . 
  the onion rocks . 
  `` sources confirmed that long hours and lack of sleep took their toll on davenport , and after the lukewarm reception of his work on homoeroticism in spartan military , he left the group . '', 
  all i 'll say is `` nice boobs '' , man . 
  to be honest , there are some pretty good butts there . 
  real life is more like elder scrolls iv : oblivion , only slower . 
  the more you work on a skill , the slightly better it gets . 
  slightly . 
  very slightly . 
  i totally fell for this one . 
  did n't even see it was in this subreddit , haha . 
  sorry to break it to you , but when you think rationally , look at the big picture , you 'll realize that whatever you ever do does n't have an impact and life does n't have any meaning . 
  the only meaning of life there actually is is making our own meaning . 
  one day you see it , and another , sadly , you do n't . 
  as someone smart once rhymed - life is pretty shit , when you look at it . 
  thing is , though , luckily , from time to time a small or large coincidence , something totally insignificant , at first glance , at least , will give you a bit of a jolt and with that jolt will come some strength and inspiration , so we coast from jolt to jolt , living our lives . 
  some are lucky to get a lot of those jolts frequently enough and live a happy life for the most part . 
  sadly , some have too long a dry period and wilt . 
  no , it 's not fair . 
  yes , we do n't have much choice . 
  you can try to beat the system by making your own meaning but you 'll fail from time to time , or , more likely , most of the time . 
  just try and keep in mind that we humans tend to live as if our lives are going to stay completely the same as they are now , which is something that can make us pretty depressed . 
  good thing is , if you think about it , things can change if you let them , and sometimes they change even if you do n't . 
  change is good . 
  keeps you on your toes . 
  go live now . 
  nice try , alien overlords operating the hologram machine . 
  what is this i do n't even -, 
  i 'm not from the us so i could n't really come to the rally , but i just wanted to let you guys know how hilarious and awesome i think this rally was !, 
  thanks for all the lessons , mate . 
  i actually started learning from some of your lessons and now i 'm doing awesomely in programming in college , in a good chunk thanks to you . 
  good luck with everything !, 
  hey there , i 'm currently doing my first undergraduate year of computing ( gon na head for compsci or software engineering next year when we choose our definite focuses ) . 
  i do n't really know much , just some c , but i really want to learn and i think it 'd be cool if i hung around , maybe helped if i can and picked up a few things along the way . 
  i think what i 'd mainly like to do for starters is shoving some more knowledge about c into my head , as well as python , as i once-upon-a-time started studying it , `` paused '' , never picked it up again and feel bad about it , but honestly , i love everything about programming and i 'll leave all my options open for learning anything interesting and useful . 
  why the downvote ? 
  you do n't want to ... butt ... heads with me . 
  * jerks with elbow *, 
  eh , 82 wpm using the same conditions as yourself . 
  could probably do a bit better on a second try but i 'm too lazy for it at the moment . 
  anyways , i 'm not really sure , but if i had to guess , i 'd guess i was n't typing completely according to `` the book '' , but i think i 've found a way that works for me . 
  dat ass, 
  it gets even better when you do the same with foobar and spend less than 10 mb . 
  suck it , llama 's ass !, 
  [ how can these bad boys do any typing , i wonder ? 
  ] ( http://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/6/65/pollachius_pollachius%2801%29.jpg/250px-pollachius_pollachius%2801%29.jpg ), 
  hm , well , if you are n't doing it already , i 'd strongly suggest setting up your foobar so it minimizes to system tray ( as opposed to the taskbar ) . 
  i 'm currently listening to some music , plus i 've got a plugin where a few of foobar 's control buttons are located in the system tray so i can easily switch between songs , pause , see what 's playing by hovering my mouse , etc. 
  plus you can set up various keyboard shortcuts , etc. 
  my foobar 's taking up 8.3 megabytes of ram . 
  i 'd say that was a good habit , actually . 
  in the name of drivers who are annoyed by those who apparently have n't heard of turn signals , i salute you . 
  think of it this way . 
  imagine a hypothetical situation where , for easiness of comprehension , a god did n't exist . 
  not in the conventional divine sense or whatever , at least . 
  anyways , imagine that you had a closed system of sorts with a few people and various objects inside . 
  if you possess enough information about those people and the closed environment they are in , you can accurately predict all their choices . 
  that , however , does n't change the fact that they had a choice and it was their mindset , their consciousness , their preference , or whatever , that caused whatever happened to happen . 
  so with god , you have a system ( let 's say the universe ) , and an entity which possesses enough information about the system and its inhabitants to accurately conduct a simulation and predict all possible outcomes of the fates of all those people . 
  god is omniscient but not in the sense that he has every single thing that 's going to happen pegged and that it 'll happen that way for sure . 
  the universe branches out a near-infinite number of times in terms of possible outcomes of all its parts . 
  however , you can theorize that all those branches ultimately end up in the same place at the very end , therefore explaining an existence of some sort of divine plan or what have you . 
  imagine god as a scientist working in a lab which is actually the universe , with god having enough information in his possession about everything in the lab , as well as enough computing power to calculate all possible outcomes of all events in the lab . 
  irregardless . 
  basically , i 'd have a portal that lead from a country with good social care to a country where everything was dirt cheap , and a country with a nice , comfortable climate at that . 
  i 'd be officially living in the first country , collecting welfare checks , and living like a king in the latter . 
  * sigh *, 
  finally . 
  i 've been waiting for this for a long time . 
  he 'd get here if he was n't poorly timed . 
  weeeelp , i 'm not shocked at all . 
  thanks for responding . 
  as for the rhyme in the third part , i was n't trying to do a fully regular rhyming pattern ( at least in the traditional sense ) , but merely to make more of a connection between various words and images , to accentuate them a bit . 
  i ca n't quite recall who started doing this first ( i 'm not that savvy with the history of poetry ) , but i remember noticing this once back in high school and i thought it was quite inventive . 
  rhyme for better accentuation , not just form . 
  anyways , what i 'm trying to say is , i did n't rhyme for the sake of rhyming , but to give the poem a bit better rhythm and accentuate some of the words i felt conveyed its message the most . 
  as for the `` into '' 's , yes , i might 've guessed people would n't like them , but i put them there deliberately to connect `` blinding fire '' and `` world 's imprisoning mold '' a bit , because what i meant by blinding fire is the way the world can sometimes douse you in so much rush and heat that you can not really see or think , which is closely connected to the image of the world being a prison without bars . 
  in any case , i could admit that the two `` into '' 's might be a bit too repetitive , so if you could make a suggestion about how to change those two verses to make them better integrated , fire away , i 'll be glad to listen . 
  anyways , i 'm really glad someone posted . 
  that is the worst idea i 've ever heard in my life , tom . 
  i do n't know , i do n't hate them or anything , i do n't even dislike them , but i sure as hell hate seeing them around . 
  hey , the random button is like those bertie bott 's every flavor beans . 
  sometimes it 's awesome , sometimes it 's a prolapsed rectum subreddit . 
  keep trying . 
  sounds like somebody 's got a bad case of the mondays . 
  i love the sandwich theorem . 
  the sandwich theorem and the binet-cauchy theorem were my two shiny saviors this semester . 
  just say `` did you see that ridiculous display last night ? '', 
  as he rushed towards me like a rabid dog out for blood , i froze . 
  `` yes , sir ? 
  '' , he asked in his whiny voice , concentrating all of his overwhelming stupidity in one seemingly normal question . 
  i contemplated poking at one of his spherical pimples with the tuning fork that curiously lay upon one of the consoles near me for a few seconds , but deciding against it . 
  this was no time for poking , for i held my duty as captain as my utmost priority , and by my thick-veined appendage , this was an emergency .
