  ^ so ^ ^ it ^ ^ ^ begins, 
  ha , i forgot about those !, 
  robb did n't really fight like jon did , he fought while relatively safe surrounded by his retinue , as it should be for a ruler, 
  people from israel are also white dude , not that it matters, 
  i though arabs were also predominantly white , no ? 
  just because they have a slight `` tan '' does n't mean anything . 
  yeah i know what you mean , that 's why i commented originally , because of how strange this sounded to me . 
  like when the irish used to not be considered white in america or something like that . 
  ok cool , i 've accepted your friend request . 
  we had a little tryout today , we currently have 5 people , but we 're accepting up to 10 before we go on a bit and see how well we all work together . 
  we 'll have another `` tryout '' in a few days , or you can just message me on steam and ask if i 'm playing, 
  wow, 
  yeah , i often see people on reddit posting the most obscure acronyms like everyone knows them , it 's a bit baffling . 
  since when is being polite and respectful sociopathic ? 
  you do n't have to suck up to people , but 99 % of the time , it does n't pay to stoop to a jerk 's level . 
  downvoted for photobucket, 
  hahaha i 'm sorry , it 's just it never loads on my phone so i wanted to give you a jolt . 
  no hard feelings ? 
  ok hero . 
  i 'm sure it 's funny from the point of view of not giving a shit , but if you were in your mind anywhere near the things that happened in the 90s there , you would n't jokingly refer to people who pursue the truth about that stuff . 
  they 're not animals who dance for your entertainment , personally i think that your view on this is condescending and undignified . 
  yeah i know the point of this subreddit , but hell , i wanted to go meta . 
  yeah , i can get behind that sentiment , lol . 
  i know what he meant , i was just telling him how his phrasing sounded , it 's all good . 
  well it matters if the people themselves say it , but it does n't matter if the ones who conquered do . 
  how forward thinking of you . 
  however , turkey is - well not radicalizing i suppose - but often exerting their influence through the muslim population of bosnia and herzegovina where they 're listened to quite a bit . 
  i do n't believe a conflict would be tenable , to be honest , unless weird shit happens - like trump winning the election , nato falling apart , and russia supporting serbia 's territorial aspirations or something along those lines . 
  personally , i 'm on the fence about what the best thing for everyone would be . 
  on the one hand i do feel that the peoples of the country should be able to decide for themselves who and what they want to be as a collective ( to those who do n't know , the three peoples there are all constitutional peoples , not minorities ) . 
  on the other hand , i in no way believe a war of any proportions is a reasonable price to pay for that kind of solution , and let 's not leave out the arguments against what i 'm proposing i might not be thinking of . 
  what you 're experiencing is , i believe , an emotional response that does not have a firm foundation in facts . 
  some research would help you to realize that increased trade and integration benefits all parties when it comes to the eu and economics in general . 
  personally , i always find myself offended at the smug superiority of comments such as yours , i find it a selfish outlook which is why i claimed you were not forward thinking . 
  downvoting me is n't too great an argument against this . 
  for the subsidies the economically less well off countries get from countries such as the netherlands , the latter countries benefit in :, 
  * more workforce and educated workforce at that ( contrary to inflammatory tabloid news , such workforce is quite educated and has been educated at no price to the taxpayers of the countries they 're moving to ) . 
  if you want to use the ` taking our jerbs ' argument , feel free , but facts of the matter are that intra-eu immigration is a net benefit to host countries as a whole, 
  * an exploitable market with no more customs where your companies will have a much better time competing against the local ones , bringing profits to your country, 
  * stability , stability , stability . 
  what location is for real estate , stability is for the economic and civilizational development of the entire world . 
  well it 's not like it 's the first time i see such a comment , and it 's kind of wearing on me . 
  my first instinct is to throw a hissy fit , but i resist that and try to politely explain my opinion . 
  being just a bit smug is still better than the alternative , and it 's not like being smug is my intention - you ca n't please everyone . 
  what 's wrong with polish workers ? 
  if they 're not good and honest workers , their employers would be hiring someone else . 
  if they undercut wages too much , feel free to increase the minimum wage , etc. 
  what is your exact reason they 're not a good addition ? 
  the fact that they 're polish , i hope , is not one of those reasons . 
  eastern europe does n't mind immigrants , in fact the poland you 're criticizing is and has taken a lot of immigrants . 
  however , the immigrants they take are the more eastern variation of their own - people who want to work and honestly make a better life for themselves and their families through their own effort . 
  but does eastern europe have a problem with mass illegal immigration from the middle east they think might bring about negative political change , instead of ignoring their own laws because muh liberalism ? 
  yes , in general they do , and with the exception of the people who are solely racially motivated , i can understand their reasoning . 
  trade with customs fees and trade without customs fees is not the same thing , so your argument that you already trade with them kind of falls into the water . 
  in any case , ok , you have the right to be selfish , sure , but do n't pretend you 're not an asshole and make up fake arguments . 
  i might have left the wrong impression , but no , i do n't think the situation is the same today . 
  i 'm from croatia so i 'm not too far away from the whole situation , though i will freely admit i do n't posess a lot of information and this is more of an impression i get from various media and stuff . 
  i would n't say at all that there would be a lot of people calling out for war no matter the circumstances , but i would n't put it past a small minority of people using manipulation and populism in order to brew up discontent and the looming of conflict . 
  i honestly do n't mean to be offensive to anyone or anything like that . 
  economic reasons i can understand and i 'm not saying people should n't try to advance themselves economically through cooperation with turkey . 
  it 's just that we all can see the direction in which turkey is currently moving , and the people who worry me are not the ones who want to eat and live and prosper , but the ones who would be an avenue for radicalization or some kind of weird neo ottoman expansionism that would n't be an impossible outcome in a few decades . 
  well whatever , it does n't have to be polish people , we do n't have to make this about a specific nation , but what 's your exact argument against intra-eu migration is what i 'm interested in . 
  notice how at no point did i say it 's legitimate to refuse an immigrant because of where he comes from . 
  it is legitimate , however , to insist on * legal * immigration through proper channels , of people who can realistically be productive members of society . 
  if their name is boleslaw or ahmed , if they 're a decent person who obeys the law and wants to participate in society , it 's no skin off my back . 
  you can stick your head in the sand and seek comfort in your anger all you want , if you do n't bother to understand others ' opinions you wo n't get too far . 
  well i hope you 're right my friend , but i suppose time will tell . 
  we live in interesting times in any case . 
  nema ga ? 
  it 's not really stupid , she just does n't know how the human body produces blood , whatever . 
  it 's ignorant , but that 's easily fixed compared to stupidity . 
  babo, 
  pick one . 
  would this be in vanilla ? 
  i would participate but since i played with the swmh and historical immersion mods , i can never go back to vanilla . 
  i once got mocked and yelled at by a maths replacement teacher ( think young thin version of prof. umbridge ) for writing roots as powers on the blackboard as it made it easier to multiply , i.e. 
  third root of a squared as a to the power of 2/3 . 
  the worst thing is that you have no reprieve in such a situation . 
  what kind of attitude is that ? 
  the man is expressing a realistic concern . 
  i convict plenty of people in overwatch , but a lot of times i also see demos of people who are just alright . 
  i do think that a1 lends itself to smarter , more cunning play , and vp seem to be going for that kind of thing , emphasizing great positioning etc. 
  over aim ( not that they do n't have aim as well ) . 
  just my take on it , could be wrong . 
  when did valve remove that ? 
  can you link something ? 
  there 's a difference between one extreme and the other , and living moderately like a normal person . 
  oh you guess ? 
  good guess . 
  you should not be gleeful about rape , rape is not funny and it is just as wrong no matter who the target is ... 
  for me and other compassionate humans , imagining a person 's suffering is never enjoyable and thus not particularly funny . 
  to be clear , i can and do laugh at a good joke about anything including the most controversial topics , but this is n't a joke - this is against a real person and is just malicious , and is part of the whole culture of punishment instead of rehabilitation , or at the very least containment . 
  before anyone accuses me of defending this creep , i of course want to separate people like him from society , because society must obviously be protected against someone who rapes children . 
  most likely , this guy should never be let out , but taking revenge upon him only makes you wrong , it does n't help anything . 
  if you ask me , the mark of distinction from a good person and a bad person is that good people do n't make excuses for their screwed up animal desires such as bloodthirst , such as saying `` well he did x so obviously anything fucked up we do to him to feed our fucked up urges is just dandy '' . 
  it makes you almost as evil as him , only your evil is sanctioned by the state so then it 's somehow fine . 
  support what you will , that 's entirely on you . 
  oh and , when one day an innocent person gets convicted of a taboo crime and gets abused in prison , tell them that them being a collateral casualty was worth it to , without additionally protecting anyone , satisfy your ego and need for revenge . 
  what i 'm saying is that to be both humane and protective of society , you do n't need to live out revenge fantasies on criminals . 
  if someone is a danger to society like this guy , lock them up and do n't let them out , i 'm all for that .
