  also , if you 're into advanced computing / computer science , you might want to make a decision between a master 's course in computing on pmf ( faculty of mathematical sciences ) and a master 's in computer science on fer . 
  however , seeing how you 'd be a foreign exchange student , i wholeheartedly recommend going to fer as it 's the most internationally-open part of our educational system , has integrated the bologna process into its inner workings the most and best , etc. 
  university of split :, 
  fesb ( faculty of electrotechincs , engineering and shipbuilding ) , which also has a computing section , offers a similar programme to the one at fer . 
  while their quality of education does n't necessarily differ that much , fer is probably more open to foreigners and is generally more respected . 
  it 's actually the only college in croatia which hands out degrees which do n't require any nostrification throughout the world . 
  all in all , i recommend visiting fer 's webpage and seeing for yourself what 'd fit you . 
  the webpage is well done and has a lot of info on it , so you probably should n't have too much questions , but if you do , just ask . 
  my post is probably a bit incoherent , but i tried to cram a lot of information in as little words as possible and might 've screwed up something in the process . 
  oh and , do you know any croatian or are you aiming for studying completely in english or whatever your language is ? 
  though a lot of the literature is originally in english or available in english , and there are no oral exams at fer , just written ones , not knowing any croatian might be a problem . 
  i really do n't know anything about the admission exam as i 've not taken it . 
  as i said , i 'm only a lowly freshman . 
  i 've looked at the courses it contains though , and they do n't seem like anything that should bother someone who , like yourself , already has a bachelor 's in the field . 
  what i 'd really suggest is just calling or e-mailing them ( http://fer.hr/en/about/facts ) and asking any questions you might have . 
  i saw there 's a special process you got ta take to apply to a master 's , but i do n't know how that 's supposed to look . 
  anyways , i 'm aware that `` call them '' might sound like a bullshit response of someone trying to get rid of you , but i really do n't know that much about the details of the process . 
  i 'll try and help if i can in any way , though . 
  i 'm sure someone already said this as a joke , but i 've actually been ignoring this post all day and have said `` ahh , fuck it ! '', 
  at last . 
  if you really end up studying there , feel free to ask for anything you might need . 
  and i 'm not karma hunting , i mean it . 
  good luck !, 
  could you tell me where exactly they are located and how much strength i should use ? 
  well , this is actually my first and only llama , which is why i need your advice even more . 
  someone i know gave it to me about a month ago . 
  strangely enough , we never got along that well , but it seems he wanted to turn things around . 
  or is it . 
  i heard they can drink a shitton so i 'm going to go with the cats . 
  is there any specific sort of cats necessary or should i just go to the dumpster and grab a bunch ? 
  everyone says they bite and stuff but they 've always been nothing but helpful with me . 
  always good conversationalists as well . 
  huh . 
  well then . 
  i hope it 's not just a bug or something . 
  i 'll go ahead , wait a bit and see what comes out of this . 
  it seems weird they 'd cave in this fast , and i do n't believe admins would just go ahead and do this , since it might mean conde nast fucking stuff up . 
  anyways , i 'm indifferent on the marijuana thing , but there 's a principle here , so i 'm with you guys on this thing . 
  fingers crossed . 
  so it 's a psychological thing . 
  interesting . 
  i must say , at first i just thought you were trying to sell me a lemon . 
  a shitton is precisely 100 metric tonnes . 
  there there . 
  he did n't mean it . 
  so what ? 
  if she believes homosexuality is wrong , then let her believe it 's wrong . 
  had she got all angry at you , said hateful things , renounced you as her son or some crap like that , yes , that would 've been a very bad thing from her , from the religious viewpoint * and * the general human viewpoint . 
  but seriously , what else do you want ? 
  she basically told you that she still loves you , she 'll probably still do all she always did as your mother , she 'll help you , nurture you , be there for you to talk any time you need , and console you when you need it . 
  i 'm not saying that i know for sure whether homosexuality is okay or not , and i 'm not saying which standpoint i lean to , but i 'm saying that you should let her make her own mind up on it and not get angry at her for not being able to change what she thought her whole life in one day . 
  she 'll probably fully accept who you are soon , and even if she does n't , that 's still not a catastrophe because you 'll always be a family whose members love each other no matter what happens , who tolerate everything the other family member might hold as the truth , do n't let that come in the way of their love , and allow their family members to do and feel how they think is right , as long as they do so without hurting the other family member . 
  i 'd say so , though i might be biased because that 's how it is in my country . 
  also , this thread has exactly 666 points . 
  hooker and his band is pretty much one of the most unknown people/bands that i know of and love . 
  as far as i know , that is . 
  he and his band played and recorded very , very awesome acid/psychedelic rock in the seventies . 
  i really like him , the sound , the whole vibe , but very little people know of him , though that was kind of remedied when his song `` forge your own chains '' was issued as one of the main ones in a compilation entitled `` forge your own chains - heavy psychedelic ballads and dirges '', 
  anyways , give a listen . 
  it 's all on youtube and other sources . 
  here 's his first album with bonus tracks included - the truth :, 
  not the most spectacular of music i 've ever heard , but it 's good . 
  thanks for the link . 
  just listened to a couple of songs . 
  yes , he does seem to have gotten a lot of influence from bob dylan , but he 's not a copy or anything like that . 
  he sounds pretty good and the lyrics are good at first glance . 
  i 'll listen some more , but i 've already put one of his albums for download . 
  thanks for the find . 
  that he did . 
  the whole weirdness aspect of it is also one of the things i consider a plus about him . 
  although , not all his songs have something to do with religion , though yeah , some do . 
  it 's not a pro or con for me either way . 
  by the way , am i the only one who adores the track titled free ? 
  that guitar work ... dude . 
  sometimes it makes me feel sad because i 'm kind of aware of my own insignificance and how i will never do , accomplish , experience or know many things , but sometimes it also makes me happy because i know that no matter how much i might screw up , in the end , it does n't matter that much in the grand scheme of things . 
  the general rule is that everyone driving slower than you is an obnoxious asshole and everyone driving faster a fucking maniac . 
  i 've seen and heard a - lot - of stupid shit in my country in regards to people 's misconceptions about various political matters , but some of your people in the us really take the batshit insane / spectacularly stupid trophy ... 
  oh what this world is coming to . 
  yep . 
  it 's mostly a reflex , every now and then i check the time without mostly looking at the watch for real , so when i actually do need the time , i look again . 
  do n't you have to break doors down with your axe instead of opening them ? 
  huh . 
  i never figured there was so much of us . 
  on second thought , there is a lot of men on earth . 
  i thought you 'd give me advice on how to speed that cunt we call youtube up a bit . 
  i have a 50 mbit connection and videos still take a century to load . 
  apparently , neither do they . 
  yeah but it twitches a lot while playing . 
  i 'm not asking for it to load instantaneously , but they never give out enough speed to have a 5 minute video keep rolling the whole time , which kind of beats the purpose of live streaming . 
  yeah , i 'm kind of obsessed with that and i hate when others fail to do it spectacularly . 
  the thing i tolerate and sometimes do , though , is not capitalize stuff because hitting the hash key slows it all down for me . 
  i 'm not an american so i do n't really mostly know what the whole fuss with foxnews is , but this is spectacularly idiotic . 
  ( though tragically stupid , it is still funny . ), 
  i 'd pay good money to play this game . 
  i seriously ca n't decide . 
  first i wrote a paragraph about why i wanted the first , then i deleted it , wrote one about why i wanted the second and deleted that too . 
  give me any one of the two . 
  personally , i think things like this are stupid both from the principle and the `` we 'll stop crime this way '' side . 
  from the principle side , it 's clear - shit like this is not cool . 
  from the `` stop crime this way '' side , it 's kind of obvious that those who have something to hide will make the effort to properly protect what they want to hide and that pretty much the only ones to be affected by this are people who have nothing to hide but do have the right to privacy .
