  when you do that , your leader goes back to his court and you can set anyone you want as leader then . 
  otherwise , he still leads a levy , only not an entire flank . 
  he can get killed just the same . 
  are there really any substantial mega churches in europe ? 
  just a couple of name corrections . 
  sorry , but something in me sheds a tear every time they 're misspelled . 
  myrcella instead of marcyella ,, 
  willas instead of willias ,, 
  ellaria instead of eliria, 
  oh and also , i think it 's rhoynar , not roynar , but i 'm not sure . 
  i know and do appreciate it , i just could n't go without saying anything . 
  sorry if i came off as a jerk . 
  sorry if i came off as ungrateful , i just thought it was worth pointing out since i see people misspell names all the time and did n't want it to spread even more . 
  whatever , fuck that guy . 
  i do n't care how depressed he was , ai n't no excuse to hurt people . 
  ros was littlefinger 's little helper , but she collaborated with varys by supplying information to him . 
  there was a scene in one episode where varys covertly visits her at the brothel and gives her a spiel about how he takes care of his informants . 
  littlefinger figured it out and let joffrey do her in with his crossbow . 
  i 'm no expert or anything , but are n't those three scenes a completely different style of fighting than the heavier , hack and slash medievalesque fights of got ? 
  yeah , and i really do n't get it as i 've seen shows like the americans , for instance , do wonders with wigs , and probably on a much , much , smaller budget than got . 
  they have n't shown any yet , though of course it is only a matter of time before the russians steal a couple from the feds . 
  ok , 80 % sounds way too high for me . 
  i was neutral at the beginning , but after seeing you guys try very hard and play your heart out after you conceded that goal at the start , i am now totally rooting for you guys . 
  admittedly , sometimes you 're a bit sloppy with naive throughballs , but you 've got spunk and balls , and i like that in a woman . 
  douglas reynholm from it crowd , but i would n't say they 're too different , haha . 
  i 'll say , i 'm no expert but you look to me like the fastest and most mobile team in the whole cup . 
  you can also see here how shit pletikosa 's reflexes are ... 
  it 's a `` bit '' more than just xenophobic . 
  can you source that , please ? 
  it does n't sound very plausible to me . 
  speaking of the catholic church . 
  only aaron paul gets to call people bitch . 
  well , life sometimes sucks that way . 
  everyone wants to have something to say , yet many people do n't . 
  i wo n't lie , i 'd just come back from town still a bit drunk . 
  yeah only operation storm was n't a crime . 
  at least not that i know of , no court or other important source classified it as such , and personally i do n't see why it would be a crime . 
  if i 'm wrong feel free to correct me . 
  anyways , sorry for butting in at all , but i felt i needed to say this before saying that i do n't believe that two wrongs can make a right . 
  i 'm not denying the existence of individual crimes or whatever else happened , but i find it silly to say that a push to liberate occupied territory can be considered a crime in itself . 
  not according to the hague . 
  `` filho da puta '' ( son of a bitch ) in max payne 3 . 
  i started out playing the game and feeling sorry for the various gangsters in the favellas and such , so i tried not to kill too many , etc. 
  but they kept calling me names , which i would not mind that much if they had n't been using the same ones for a while . 
  eventually , filho da puta annoyed me so fucking much that around the middle of the game i actually got angry and just started whacking gangsters and corrupt cops left and right with the utmost glee ( the fact they were assholes who burned people with tires also certainly did n't help ) . 
  alyson hannigan ( lily ) from how i met your mother, 
  robert was a cunt . 
  what the fuck 's a private scholarship if not someone generous paying for people to go to college ? 
  fuck you , man . 
  ( and i 'm a programmer ), 
  no , but i thought that that kind of a response was hardly warranted and too high and mighty engineer-master-race . 
  you behaved much worse than the guy . 
  i do get why you got mad though . 
  and where people got sent to an island to forcibly work and die because they had the wrong political opinions . 
  and where the police could beat you the fuck up if you stepped out of line or whatever . 
  frankly , to me , all realizations of communism , yugoslavia included , were just as corrupt as some forms of `` capitalism '' are , only the currency was political suitability ( haha , it 's hard for me to translate `` podobnost '' ) instead of money . 
  seeing how you guys try to be non-racist as possible , i 'm kind of baffled as to what one 's race is even doing on a form ? 
  how exactly do you pee that you get some of it behind the opening on your penis !? 
  ( sorry , ca n't remember the english word ), 
  thanks , buddy , 
  downvote away , karma is n't real . 
  hahaha , truth is sometimes stranger than fiction . 
  yeah , no problem there ... 
  i wo n't argue the gay thing since i do n't know for sure anyways , though i am extremely sceptical to your claim ... 
  if you could back that up somehow , i 'd appreciate it . 
  also , just because some people ( political ties , or just keeping their head down and not speaking out ) had it good , does n't mean that everyone had it good . 
   yugoslavia 's regime was undemocratic and authoritarian . 
  that 's kind of enough for me . 
  by the way , paradoxically , the communist culture of the state taking care of everything and an average citizen having no say is , in my opinion , the main guilty party in today 's lack of democratic culture and political legitimacy in these parts . 
  it 's more or less the same people as back then , so they were probably never more tolerant , just more afraid . 
  that 's even with me taking your claim ( which i find implausible ) for granted . 
  talk about curing the symptoms instead of the disease ( figure of speech , i do n't think people 's opinions can ever be considered a disease ) . 
  some people are intolerant in these parts most probably , as an underlying cause , because of the shit economy . 
  i wonder which kind of imposed culture is to blame for that . 
  i mean , i 'm no reddit libertarian , but dude , people still , more or less , see the state as the one who 's supposed to take care of everything instead of them being innovative . 
  sometime around 7th grade of elementary school , we had to write an essay . 
  i did and i tried to do it well . 
  i was always big on reading , so i had a bigger vocabulary than other children my age . 
  as i remember , it was pretty good . 
  the teacher then accused me of cheating/having somebody else write it . 
  i denied it again and again and she would n't budge . 
  after a while i actually admitted i did it just so she 'd get off my back . 
  in related news , the biggest influence school had on me was stifling my creativity and enthusiasm . 
  i just realized i 'm still angry about what happened , haha . 
  whenever it gets to the sore beset part , the chills begin and keep growing . 
  not this example , but it is abuse if one beats them , abuses them sexually , takes away their passport , etc. 
  afaik , common in dubai , saudi arabia , etc. 
  i believe it 's actually an alternate spelling of `` aerie '' - `` eagle nest '' . 
  without spoiling too much - all of that changes as the seasons go on . 
  the show is n't just monster of the week , the story evolves . 
  imo the show explores both the positive and the negative sides of the ai surveillance coin rather well . 
  imo harold finch ( benjamin linus :p ) is quite a good example of an ethical creator of such an ai . 
  he programmed the machine not to do bad shit , in the lack of a better expression and my morning laziness . 
  the machine is n't directly controllable , it just spits out numbers according to its terrorist threat assessments . 
  it basically guarantees that it 'll provide information solely about people on whom information needs to be provided . 
  it 's basically an infallible judge who gives himself a surveillance warrant . 
  i know how that sounds but it is n't necessarily bad provided that ai does n't think the way humans do . 
  at least that 's how it 's supposed to be programmed . 
  by infallible i mean that it solely looks at the facts , not its self interest . 
  you have no idea what you 're talking about .
