  we can play a test comp if you guys wish . 
  username . 
  yeah but the other characters are way more interesting than her . 
  women are weaker on * average * , it does not have to mean she is weaker . 
  it does n't literally mean son of , but i guess you could look at it that way . 
  it 's more of a standard suffix for a dynasty/family name . 
  for example , there was a guy in our history who 's name was `` trpimir '' and because of that his dynasty 's called `` trpimirovi\u0107 '', 
  [ because of the implication ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-yuafzoxhpe ), 
  99 % of fans and every single member of the actual team has nothing to do with this . 
  when you 're an stupid jobless asshole , anything goes . 
  it 's not their team . 
  our commentator rightfully called them enemies of our national team . 
  that 's actually what this small group of hooligans want . 
  i frankly do not see how it is remotely fair to punish the overwhelming majority of normal fans and our whole national team because of this . 
  yeah , frankly if it was my choice i 'd just have our national team forbid fans on all of our games forever , and let 's just watch the games from home . 
  this keeps happening with a small but dedicated group of hooligans and frankly i do n't see what solution there is for it , no matter what good intentions our national team and normal fans have . 
  i mean , how do you stop something like this ? 
  jesus christ , is this the middle ages or what ? 
  if you 've got 30 fans out of 2 million pulling shit , you have to label the whole country like this ? 
  fuck off you shortsighted cunt . 
  also feel free to use my swearing as a false counterargument . 
  you do know this is what they wanted . 
  i 'm trying not to compare this to terrorist attacks because it does n't really compare for victims of those immense tragedies and this , but these people basically are terrorists of a sort if you ask me . 
  frankly , i do n't care how harshly they 're dealt with . 
  if they die in a ditch it 'll be too good for them . 
  i just hope the whole team is n't punished for something they have no influence over . 
  guys i really have to say i 'm kind of hurt by all the glee over our team ending up with a draw . 
  i know the fans that threw the flares are huge cunts , and i 'm right there with you that they should be punished as harshly as possible . 
  they 're definitely not the kind of supporters we need , and 99 % of our fans and our whole national team thinks this . 
  however , you should n't judge the whole nation because of this , it 's really hurtful when i read such comments . 
  call me oversensitive if you wish , but it just feels unjust . 
  what kind of solution do you guys think our national team can have for this ? 
  nothing comes to my mind . 
  i agree this has to be stopped , but i do n't like the fact that it 's the normal people who will suffer for this , without having any realistic influence over these hooligans who in fact want our team to get kicked out because of their personal beef with the leadership of our national team . 
  guys i really have to say i 'm kind of hurt by all the glee over our team ending up with a draw . 
  i know the fans that threw the flares are huge cunts , and i 'm right there with you that they should be punished as harshly as possible . 
  they 're definitely not the kind of supporters we need , and 99 % of our fans and our whole national team thinks this . 
  however , you should n't judge the whole nation because of this , it 's really hurtful when i read such comments . 
  call me oversensitive if you wish , but it just feels unjust . 
  what kind of solution do you guys think our national team can have for this ? 
  nothing comes to my mind . 
  i agree this has to be stopped , but i do n't like the fact that it 's the normal people who will suffer for this , without having any realistic influence over these hooligans who in fact want our team to get kicked out because of their personal beef with the leadership of our national team . 
  but who are they ? 
  i have no doubt they 'll be banned from all future games of the national team , but it 's not so easy to identify all of them . 
  some will always get through . 
  they 're very organized and experts at pulling off this kind of thing . 
  they are basically terrorists of a sort , although happily they at least do n't kill people . 
  thank you for that man , it actually means a lot . 
  no sarcasm . 
  this is hugely frustrating for me , it 's really put me off , i was feeling amazing about this championship until this . 
  well i am , what happened here is a disgrace , but we do n't have to be painted with the same brush because of this . 
  just because it 's football does n't mean it 's fair to prejudice a whole country because of the actions of something like 10-20 people or whatever the amount is . 
  i do n't see why you have to be rude . 
  yeah , i understand what you mean . 
  i have nothing against the czech guys and i agree they showed real heart pulling back to a draw . 
  they looked really dangerous for the last 20 minutes , not just after the flare stuff . 
  it just feels really unfair that we normal people have to feel ashamed now through no fault of our own , i just hoped to vent a little bit . 
  i mean the beer thing might be a solution for minor excesses , but these people did n't do this because they were drunk , this was all planned out , announced in advance , and they still got through . 
  i 'm not sure if we blacklist them now , but my guess would be that we do . 
  however , i 'm not sure exactly how they got through security , but i read another reddit comment that they got into the stands with tickets bought by st. etienne fans , and security did n't compare their ids to the names on the tickets . 
  i read in another comment here on reddit that the hooligans got onto the stands by using tickets purchased for them by st etienne fans , and the stadium security did n't compare the names on the tickets with their ids . 
  this is unconfirmed though , to be fair , i do n't really know anything about this . 
  i believe most of these people already are banned from all matches , but i do agree about the passport thing , that indeed would have solved this . 
  i agree with everything you said other than the kicking out of clubs and national teams , because i believe no matter what that the normal people should n't suffer because of a violent minority . 
  i have nothing against not allocating any tickets for fans in cases like this though . 
  i 'm satisfied enough watching from home with friends . 
  i 'm just in it for the sport , as i believe the great majority of us are , regardless of nationality or any other such factor . 
  thank you for a detailed post !, 
  who knows , maybe you 're right . 
  but this is basically their main purpose in life , i would n't underestimate their determination . 
  why would you ever need to do that . 
  the worst case scenario should be making us play without any of our fans in the stands . 
  it 's `` ante vu\u010dica , dr\u017ei se !, 
  stoko ! '', 
  or something like that , i 'm not sure which letter exactly it is in the last word . 
  it 's two sentences , or a sentence and a signature . 
  the first sentence would then be `` ante vu\u010dica , hold on ! '', 
  aka be strong or whatever . 
  ante vu\u010dica is probably a colleague of theirs who 's in prison or something , i 'd guess . 
  i do n't really know , i do n't follow their bullshit . 
  well they can at least check their ids this time and match them with the names on the tickers , at the very freaking least . 
  they asked suba\u0161i\u0107 that in a post-match interview on our tv . 
  modri\u0107 told srna to tell him to `` wait for him , he 's going to shoot to your right '' . 
  hilarious gut wrenching save , loved the half smile suba\u0161i\u0107 had after srna whispered that to him !, 
  he did , it was asked of suba\u0161i\u0107 in a post match interview . 
  top banter, 
  it 's called loyalty , i wish my ungrateful players in football manager had some . 
  boring match to be sure , but the lack of stress is at least good for my heart . 
  modri\u0107 is awesome at that , but i 'd say messi 's better :p, 
  strini\u0107 you fucking shit . 
  strini\u0107 's the one who cost us this match . 
  thanks man . 
  that 's football i guess , you can never be sure of anything . 
  it feels bad to lose like this . 
  i just need to find a way not to feel crappy today , although the one i really feel sorry for is modri\u0107 . 
  he should at least get the 2018 world cup i hope . 
  as soon as strini\u0107 lost that ball i was 90 % sure we 'd lose the match ... 
  i 'd say braavos is closest to venice , which should seem pretty obvious as in trade/canals . 
  eyrie , yeah , probably one of those countries in the alps . 
  i think you 'll find it 's the other way around with indentation .
