  the truth does n't even matter , apparently , as everyone just cherry picks the truth that they like . 
  i do n't think the people in these areas have known what the truth was for a long time . 
  it 's our country , it 's our language , if we want to call it the jedi language , we should be able to , and the same should go for any people of a distinctive linguistic and cultural heritage . 
  all this aside , if someone could convincingly argument to me why the usage of the term `` serbo-croatian '' persists in a lot of places i look , and why it 's actually correct from a linguistic perspective , naming examples , if any , of similar linguistic situations between other languages , i 'd be grateful . 
  from an amateur view , it just seems to me like claiming ukrainian does n't exist , but it 's ukraino-russian , with the hypothetical situation of soviets at some point in their existence promoting that idea . 
  thanks to oglach for a good post , though i do n't really have anything smart to respond with . 
  anyways , i understand . 
  however , the term , since linguistic similarities between some other languages are ignored when using their name , for me is kind of offensive . 
  i know that being offended does nothing to a person ( :p ) , but it just irks me because in my mind , it lowers the value of the literary history of the croatian ( serbian , too ! ), 
  language by implying it 's somehow less unique for some reason . 
  i mean , i see the term serbo-croatian practically everywhere , especially on wikipedia . 
  yeah , only the difference is , american english is clearly derived from british english . 
  if croatia , bosnia or serbia was the colonial master of the other two or something , there was only croatian , bosnian or serbian at first , etc. 
  etc. , you could use that argument . 
  however , the three countries have a long individual history and heritage which is n't really dependent on any of the others . 
  a good comparison , imo , would be that of czech vs slovak , perhaps , which are quite similar in literal form , and differ in some of the vocabulary . 
  the boundaries of linguistic individuality are pretty unclear ( at least i 've never seen them explained well ) , and i feel that it 's unfair to perform comparisons with dialects of german . 
  anyways , i 'd ask you not to label me a nationalist ( in the aggressive nationalist sense ) . 
  if you knew me , you 'd know that is quite far from the truth . 
  i know it 's tempting to instalabel me like that because there 's a lot of such croatians and serbs on the internet , but it still does n't make it fair . 
  i like my country , language , art and heritage , and yeah , i feel proud of it . 
  but no , i do n't care about my country being `` ahead '' of any other . 
  as a normal fucking human being , i want all people regardless of nationality , religion , gender , sexuality , political belief , etc. 
  to live freely , fairly and well . 
  is that enough prostration for you , or do i need to put this as a permanent disclaimer so i would n't have people attacking my personal integrity because they do n't agree with an opinion of mine , which i go out of my way to express that it 's an opinion , and invite people 's counter-arguments . 
  it 's actually quite funny to receive criticism due to my supposed ultranationalism from what appears to be an american , a member of a predominantly nationalist country , which everyone seems to ignore . 
  go say your pledge of allegiance , you drone . 
  go wave your flag when a drone does some `` collateral damage '' in some backwards middle-east village . 
  see how labeling works ? 
  not really all that fair , is it . 
  wow . 
  again with the labeling and putting words in my mouth . 
  refer to my reply to your other similar comment . 
  anyways , i do n't care which language is the `` first '' . 
  i do n't care whose stronger , prettier , more powerful or whatever the fuck people use to measure their mental penises nowadays . 
  we 've got our country , our language , our history of some 1100 years , and our independence . 
  our people and other people on the balkans have been the victims of political motivation by the world 's great powers for hundreds of years , at our own expense . 
  the history of oppression around here is very long , and it 's always been under the boot of one or other foreign country , culminating in 20th century communist dictatorship . 
  fuck that . 
  it 's about precisely that , independence - that which is eroded by outsiders who would n't know a correct analysis of the political and cultural history of the balkans if it bit them in the ass . 
  if there 's a croatian language for hundreds of years , then suddenly someone promotes an idea of a serbo-croatian unitarist language , with foreigners who do n't know jack shit jumping on the bandwagon because `` they all look the same to me '' , that does n't make it all the same in my book . 
  i 'll bet that , like most redditors , you hate propaganda , yet propaganda is exactly what the idea of serbo-croatian was during the communist reign in this area . 
  believe me or do n't , but i have absolutely - nothing - against any single nationality whatsoever , and i am strongly abhorrent of any form of violence . 
  and trust me , in my generation ( i 'm not speaking about other generations because i do n't really move in the circles of retired people ) , people like me are predominant , with the exception that a lot of them have given up on their identity because of people like you , and people like the ones you think i 'm part of , constantly arguing around and ignoring real problems . 
  i seriously do n't see why you 'd have to resort to labeling me like this . 
  i 'm a stranger , on the internet . 
  why you have to go out of your fucking way to insult my character , i do n't know . 
  i was n't stereotyping them , i was just trying to show you what stereotyping sounds like and why it 's stupid . 
  anyways , why is it so important to you for it to be serbo-croatian , and not serbian and croatian . 
  forgive me , but i ca n't help but feel it 's because of serbian hegemonistic propaganda . 
  oops , there i go again , i just stereotyped you . 
  see how fucking stupid it is ? 
  that all depends on what you mean by associated . 
  free flow of people , trade and ideas ? 
  neighbouring countries entering the eu ? 
  yes to both , why not . 
  i 've studied some history though , and i think the propaganda from all sides for hundreds of years is disgusting . 
  i 'd just like us to be strongly independent , and i feel that grouping our language with another because they sound alike is silly and it makes us look less independent . 
  nothing more , do n't read into this . 
  i 'm secure in my identity , but not `` our '' identity . 
  propaganda works , and it works very well , when looked at statistically . 
  i think it 's propaganda , and propaganda is well up there on my personal black list , right below violence . 
  delete steam 's appcache folder , restart steam , and after that it should be fine . 
  you probably figured it out by now , though . 
  umm , ted mosby is n't representative of architects . . 
  no , there are administrative advisors who decrease revolt risk by 3 , regardless of their level . 
  just dropping by to let this subreddit know you 're mostly a bunch of cunts . 
  for fuck 's sake , this sub used to be fucking hilarious , now it 's just a bunch of stupid `` women are whores '' posts . 
  you 're not ` going to hell for this ' , we only take people who are funny enough . 
  `` the little cloth thing that gets tied to babies ' necks and hangs below their chin so they do n't drool over their normal clothing '' :p, 
  in order of appearance ... 
  german influence - some word i do n't know - red, 
  croatian influence , root word slina ( eng . 
  drool ) - green, 
  italian influence , root word italian for `` to drool '' - blue, 
  italian influence - root word italian for `` chin '' - light blue, 
  croatian influence - root word croatian for `` snot '' - green with black thingies, 
  czech influence - red with yellow thingies, 
  hungarian influence - hungarian for `` apron '' - red with blue thingies, 
  croatian influence - croatian for `` chin '' - red with green thingies, 
  relatively , it 's gotten a lot better , although it 's still too slow for my taste . 
  should be fast enough for most people , though , i just like skipping over boring periods at max speed too much . 
  it goes about as fast for me as the meiou eu3 mod did . 
  well you can always try it just in case , download + loading the game takes only about 5 minutes anyways . 
  alright then , thanks , i 'll check it out !, 
  i was carelessly walking too close to a crappy road ( on the very edge of the sidewalk ) , without noticing some kind of cargo truck going behind me . 
  i think the driver was n't really paying attention because he , too , was driving very close to the right edge of the road . 
  just before it would 've smacked me with its rearview mirror while going ~ 70km/h , i ducked to tie my shoelaces . 
  i 'm not saying they should banish him to a cave or something , and i think that everyone can become better . 
  i 'd give a job to a former convict , sure . 
  however , it 's still a massively stupid decision to give a former bank robber a job as a bank security guard ... 
  i 'm all for rehabilitating former convicts , but i would n't , for example , employ a former bank robber as a security guard , even if he might have changed his ways . 
  yeah , because shitty parents do n't exist . 
  yeah , i get what you mean . 
  i can totally picture this as a movie with a lesson on prejudice etc. 
  ( i 'm not being sarcastic ) . 
  i 'm not saying it 's a 100 % cut and dry situation . 
  it 's still stupid , though , because the people who made the decision did n't even have all the information to begin with . 
  plus , even if the decision was positive , there 'd still need to be some supervision , at least at first , plus a psychological analysis of the man and so on . 
  you do n't just give the kid to him out of a blind desire for a perfect world , you ca n't play dice with the lives of kids .
