  they should have humane conditions in prison , but it 's not like i 'm advocating for them getting foot rubs . 
  being sadistic about incarceration only makes us worse as people . 
  i never said you 'd find joy in the wrongly convicted situation , i 'm saying that just like the death penalty , the possibility of wrongful conviction is yet another reason why it 's not a good thing to go all out on inhumane punishment , and you 're kind of side stepping that part of the issue . 
  yeah , i would really disagree about this being any kind of deterrent . 
  it might deter someone like me from using drugs and ending up in prison , but just like capital punishment ( as opposed to normal jail time ) hardly discourages murder , this would n't really deter people like that . 
  i 'm not a psychologist so take this with a grain of salt , but i do n't think someone just up and decides that this is the day they abuse a child . 
  they 're fucked up in the head and if they 're already shitty enough as people that they 'd give in to these instincts , i doubt they 'd rationally think it through and decide not to do it because they might get punished . 
  in any case , the burden of proof for this being any kind of deterrent is kind of on you , we should n't take your word for it that we should debase ourselves by supporting inhumane punishment . 
  not to mention that raping someone in prison is also illegal and the people who do that , as well as any guards that look past it , should also be incarcerated and i 'm pretty sure they 're pieces of shit as well . 
  how about you say something about what we 're talking about instead of being an ass ? 
  how about you give me an argument about how what i 'm advocating for would make society any less safe ? 
  i 'm sorry i sound smug as that 's obviously something i need to fix about myself , but it still does n't make me wrong . 
  i 'm not american so no community college , and i finished my masters ' degree , not that any of this matters whatsoever ... 
  by the way i never claimed to be better than anyone , but i sure as fuck am not the only one who thinks this way . 
  sure , as a person you ca n't always be objective and if someone hurt a member of my family , i 'd be pissed as fuck and would probably want revenge , but when you 're designing a legal system , individual thirst for revenge is precisely the thing you have to find a way to discount from being in the equation of how we punish the worst of us . 
  that 's my exact point , as individuals our emotions get in the way , but we can still know rationally what the right thing is , and when we forge laws and policies , we do the rational thing , and in this case i think that 's what i 've been saying . 
  it 's not that i do n't understand how people work as fucking surprisingly i 'm human myself , and i make mistakes like anyone else , but in general i try to be a good person and i think i 'm not fucking unreasonable not to expect others to at least try . 
  just because i can admit that if i had a personal stake i might think differently , does n't mean that it 's good for society to let people indulge in that kind of bloodthirst . 
  i do n't think that makes me hypocritical , i think it means i 'm aware that i 'm not perfect and that i care enough about the general good that i can sacrifice my hypothetical future interests for the benefit of everyone . 
  and by the way , those guys up there who looked forward to this creep getting raped do n't have a personal stake in this as i highly doubt someone close to them got hurt . 
  they 're just participating in the good old tradition of fake internet outrage to make themselves feel better temporarily at the cost of ever so slightly contributing to a toxic fucking political climate . 
  go fuck yourself , how 's that for smug . 
  when was the time which was n't ww2 ? 
  not that we actually expanded then , did n't we actually lose territory during ww2 and ironically get it back after ? 
  i do n't think just pushing yourself away from the station is enough to break away from earth 's gravity . 
  not that turkey is going in a good direction now , but it definitely was not , if only because of 4 centuries of difference . 
  * \u017dnj, 
  she was awesome , but to be honest , brienne underestimated her / wanted to go easy on here , at least at first . 
  in a real fight , arya has a good chance , but i 'd still put my money on brienne . 
  arya can block well ( i 'm not an expert but she seems to block not directly , she just turns everything into a glancing blow ) , but she makes one mistake or brienne connects a strong blow sword to sword , and arya probably gets knocked off balance and loses . 
  still an awesome scene though , arya is really dangerous like this . 
  are we sure this was the whole army ? 
  i know they ca n't go too overboard because of budget , but this seemed to me to be only a few hundred soldiers . 
  maybe , just maybe , some brilliant , devious mind conjured up the ` ladies first ' thing so he could have an excuse for it whenever he felt like it . 
  i claim that it is so . 
  it 's been on my mind for a disturbingly long time . 
  i 've just completed the [ alexandra quick series ] ( https://www.fanfiction.net/u/1374917/inverarity ) ( which i wholeheartedly recommend ) and i 'm looking for something that has the qualities i liked in it . 
  i 'd really , really appreciate some good recommendations and i hope there are some which fit my criteria !, 
  sorry if the post is too long , please bear with me !, 
  so , basically , something :, 
  * well written, 
  * without grating grammar mistakes, 
  * no clunky dialogue, 
  * no too overwhelming teenage love drama or slash fiction ( nothing against people who like it , just not my cup of tea ) . 
  * relatively realistic ( in terms of story and writing ), 
  * if possible ( but not mandatory ) , does not include harry and co. simply because it 's very rare that someone sticks to the canon characters ' personalities well enough for me to immerse myself . 
  basically , i 'm looking for stories that are set in the hp universe , but mostly stand on their own two feet . 
  i know it 's a lot to ask because the fans are n't professional writers , but i 'm sure there are at least a couple more works i 'd like . 
  in essence , i 'm looking for a good book situated inside the ( more or less ) canon harry potter universe . 
  i know i might be too demanding , and i apologize if i 'm being a jerk about it . 
  i read delenda est and a difference in the family and liked them . 
  the first because i found it innovative and relatively realistic , apart from the somewhat unlikely scenario of harry somehow overcoming, 
  his ( justified ) prejudice against bellatrix . 
  the second because it 's a great expansion of the canon story , as well as being interesting and capable of causing emotion . 
  i also read the first book of norman g. lippert 's albus potter and co. series and , while i thought it was pretty good in terms of writing skill , i did n't continue reading the other books because there were too many americanisms in a story dominated by british characters , as well as characters that are too huge like ben franklin and merlin . 
  the attempt to fit electronics into a big role also took away a bit from the magical feeling of the hp universe for me . 
  i do n't mind us-centric stories , in fact i think they are a good idea with a lot of potential for innovation ( alex quick is one and i loved it ) ,, 
  but it might be a mistake to try to write a story situated in britain while using the kind of expressions that simply are n't found there and impede on the reader 's immersion . 
  hello !, 
  i 'm trying to get the 60 day non recurring subscription and i 'm having the following issue :, 
  the site says `` foreign payment method detected '' ( i 'm from croatia ) and then the following screen appears :, 
  thing is , when that happens i can only pick one of the recurring subscriptions and ca n't pick the one at the bottom ( the 60 day non recurring one ), 
  can anyone please help ? 
  hello everyone , i know there are already threads like this ( i looked through them ) , but for the life of me i ca n't find my way around all these cases and stuff ( i 'm new to smartphones ) . 
  could anyone recommend a case for me ? 
  ** my priority is mainly on protecting my phone from damage , but dimensions are n't completely unimportant to me either . 
  ** perhaps one that covers both sides of the phone and you flip off the front cover when you want to do something ? 
  also , i live in the eu so if you could recommend cases i can buy from china ( because free shipping  ) or anywhere in the eu ( no customs , so cheaper and far less hassle ) , that 'd be awesome . 
  i say this because shipping stuff from the us is regularly more expensive than the thing you 're ordering . 
  little anecdote , 5 days after i bought this phone , i fumbled while getting it out of my pocket and it dropped onto the asphalt . 
  the little outer glass that covers the camera cracked ( fortunately not on the center where the lens looks at so the camera still works perfectly ) , so this gave me quite a scare since , if i wreck this phone , i wo n't have any money to buy another , and i really need it because i 'm learning android programming at the moment . 
  alright , so this is the first rule i wanted to suggest . 
  in most games i 've played in multiplayer , human alliances were restricted in the following way :, 
  * max 2 human alliances, 
  * max 3 human alliances if you 're in hre, 
  the reason for the hre exception is because it 's full of minors and 2 alliances are n't always enough to survive . 
  anyways , the point of this should be to make it so that we have multiple alliance groups instead of mega alliances which break the game for everyone . 
  so anyways , discuss . 
  i do n't know if we should create separate threads or just one big thread . 
  hi , i 'm looking for european ( because of timezones/ping ) players to form a team ( or join an existing one ) that will play, 
  cs : go matchmaking most days of the week , as well as work hard to train as a team , figure out and practice strategies , etc. 
  i have some steam friends that play well i might bring into this , but i do n't think most of them want to commit to a single team . 
  i 'm quite sick of solo queue and do n't want to depend on friends being online whenever i want to play . 
  would rather get organized and git gud . 
  maps are n't an issue as i 'm prepared to learn anything , but usually i play dust2 , mirage , inferno and cache . 
  please :, 
  * speak english and communicate effectively, 
  * be a laid back person who can have a laugh , does n't rage , flame etc. 
  however , please also :, 
  * care about improving individually and as a team, 
  * be able to take and give constructive criticism, 
  * want to figure out how to make tactics work for us , not just blindly gunning around, 
  feel free to contact me if this seems like something you 're interested in and want to commit to . 
  hi guys , i 'm sorry if i 'm asking something i 'm already supposed to now , but i 've browsed this subreddit and the internet quite a bit without much result . 
  i 'm building a pc and am having a dilemma as to the case . 
  i like the look of [ the original phantom white ] ( https://www.nzxt.com/products/phantom-white ) the best by far . 
  however , i see that the case is quite old . 
  is this a problem ? 
  my nzxt alternatives for the store i 'm buying in are the [ phantom 530 white ] ( https://www.nzxt.com/products/phantom-530 ) and the [ phantom 410 black ] ( https://www.nzxt.com/products/phantom-410-black ) . 
  i do n't care for the black look much .
