  `` i have a feeling there 's some kind of strange , dangerous situation on that planet which would be very advisable to avoid if we value our lives ... , so go ahead and land this lump of metal on it and let 's kick some ass !, 
  '' , i barked out with my ridiculously sexy voice . 
  `` uhhh , sir ? 
  '' , he whined at me with the most irritating pitch of voice he could produce , as if he somehow * wanted * a slap to the mouth . 
  `` what was that womanly shriek , goldfarb ? 
  is there a little girl being attacked by kappa-fouran ragebear somewhere on this ship ? 
  sound off like you got a pair !, 
  '' , i bellowed , trying to shout some of my manliness into the boy . 
  `` ummm , sir , should n't we be going * away * from the danger , or at least contacting someone so we can get rescued if we get into danger ? '', 
  `` danger ? 
  we live for danger !, 
  '' , i exclaimed in a voice that makes women feel like their groin just went through a seasonal rainstorm on manis prime . 
  `` and some of those sexy alien women , sir ? 
  '' , added cocksman , err , that is , lieutenant , rogers from behind the communications console . 
  `` well yes , ca n't forget them , but mostly danger !, 
  '' , i ascertained . 
  `` now that we 've got that settled , goldfarb , you sorry pile of virginal cowardice , go land this baby so i can strut my mojo for some of the females this planet undoubtedly contains !, 
  '' , i yelled out , expectation rising in me like a mushroom cloud from a manly nuclear bomb . 
  i was facing a hard choice , so i did what any captain of my calibre would do - i ordered a courageous retreat out of the ship , as always , myself spearheading the manly endeavor . 
  as the crew dramatically filed out of the ship with various inarticulate battlecries , i contemplated the meaning of life for a few seconds , quickly brushing those silly thoughts away and concentrating on the struggle ahead of us . 
  the swamp was an relentless , unforgiving foe , much like that strain of space gonorrhea i picked up back in the remus system , and it threatened to swallow my whole ship , much like the pro ... what is that awful creaking ?!, 
  the toppled ship 's bulkheads apparently cringed under the weight of the starboard pod pressing on them , mere seconds away from crumbling . 
  bringing that metric ton of whiskey was a bad idea after all . 
  by god , goldfarb was right for once , that little pinprick . 
  luckily , we managed to get out of the ship just in time , mere nanoseconds or whatnot before it half-sank in the swamp 's treacherous waters . 
  little choice did we have at this point , we had to press onward . 
  as i slapped the back of goldfarb 's head with my hand , expressing my dislike of our circumstances , i ordered everyone to separate into two groups so we might explore better , putting goldfarb in charge of the other one just to see what kind of spectacular , mind-boggling idiocy he might pull off this time . 
  something that would prove to be one of my smartest choices yet , which is saying something when i think about what an * awesome * captain i 've been so far . 
  sweet , this looks awesome . 
  i wish candy like that was made where i live . 
  this is why we can sometimes have nice things , kudos to you . 
  well i would n't say that kotor 2 was better , but i just as well would n't say it was worse . 
  it 's just that it had potential that was n't fulfilled , plus there were a few bugs , but mostly i hate them for not making kotor 3 . 
  mask of the betrayer is great , though i 'd still say that the original nwn2 campaign was more awesome . 
  however , it brings a ton of new stuff and the story is quite a quality one . 
  the only nwn2 expansion that did n't quite do it for me was storm of zehir . 
  i just did n't get that epic feeling with it . 
  anyways , enjoy !!, 
  i know i did !, 
  * cough * serious * sam *, 
  yeah that 's ok , i was just idding . 
  anyways , you 'll find serious sam awesome if you like goofy classic games like that . 
  it 's mostly a no-brainer , though there 's awesome cheap humour in it . 
  it 's a great little thing , though i might be a bit biased since my countrymen made that game . 
  just say `` thanks '' and smile . 
  yeah i know how you feel , i sometimes just stare awkwardly at them whenever i get a compliment , but sometimes i can get a grip well enough to just say thanks . 
  just do n't say `` i know . 
  '' , ha ha . 
  well i do it often , but from my experience , you ca n't just make yourself feel what you want to feel . 
  you feel the way you feel , and that 's how it is . 
  the best you can hope is that after a time you 'll get over it . 
  and then you do . 
  well i 'm glad you found a way to channel your energy and ability into something productive . 
  so what ? 
  not like most of you did n't know this already , at least by instinct . 
  anyways , this makes no difference . 
  you wo n't do anything about it anyways . 
  wow , this is a pretty interesting analysis of the situation . 
  i kind of already had this opinion , but had n't really worked it out in my head . 
  thanks for the article , `` o'brien '' . 
  there 's only one answer - you 're dumbledore . 
  thought he died though . 
  this thread is apparently full of capital letters it seems, 
  redditor for 48 minutes ? 
  you 're really invested in this joke to have made an account just for it , ha ha . 
  wow , both amazing visual art as well as offbeat humour . . 
  this is awesome !, 
  there is no going back, 
  i did n't think you 'd follow through . 
  sounds like a plan , feel free to count me in !, 
  hey there , i 've got a problem . 
  when i press the add button when viewing this on the ureddit site , all i get is an empty page with just this in the top left corner :, 
  notice : undefined index : id in / srv/http/ureddit . com/public _ html/enroll . php on line 8, 
  could anyone clarify what happened there ? 
  edit :, 
  thanks , i got it . 
  works like a charm now . 
  did n't notice the button for linking my reddit account after i 'd signed up . 
  thanks a lot again !, 
  i 'm sorry to inform you that you were an asshole at that point in time . 
  on the bright side , whenever you feel like it , you can look at boobs live , so there 's always that . 
  that 's the spirit !, 
  also , pics or it did n't happen . 
  * squints eyes *, 
  you 're new to this internet thing , are n't you ? 
  ah , there truly is nothing more relaxing than a quiet night of fapping into my friends . 
  that 's a really beautiful dolphin . 
  oh how many exams i 've unfailed this way ... 
  figured it out at `` organized crime '' , ha ha . 
  good effort . 
  i go each day without accidentally dying or killing anyone . 
  blasphemer . 
  i 'm sure the nazis had a similar dumb excuse . 
  the only difference between the savages who dropped the bomb and the savages we call the nazis is that the former won the war and the latter lost it . 
  downvote away . 
  you can find some good excuses for it , but any angle you look at this from , innocents died because someone thought they had the right to decide if people , and not just any people , but non-combatants , live or die , for some greater good ( the famed `` preventing even more people from dying '' ) , whether real or not . 
  people do all sorts of despicable things out of fear , in order to prevent a more or less distant future they fear , but the crimes they commit in the present are real . 
  all out war does n't mean you get to kill innocent non-combatants . 
  also , the wrongdoings of others are quite a poor excuse for doing the same yourself . 
  the us does a lot of bad and inhumane things , yet you do n't see myself or pretty much anyone sane in the world of politics arguing that the same should be done for revenge or prevention to american citizens .
