  being a christian does n't ( have to ) mean you reject evolution and are a creationist . 
  it is true for some christians , but actually not for most christians . 
  for instance , the roman catholic church , as was also said in another post here , publicly supports evolution . 
  evolution does not have to be in conflict with the idea that a god , gods or whatever created the world . 
  evolution does n't talk about the creation of life itself , it just describes how we got from here to there , so to speak . 
  how `` life on earth originated and then evolved from a universal common ancestor approximately 3.7 billion years ago . '', 
  i was simply trying to correct some misinformation , not argue that a deity exists . 
  my belief or disbelief is n't of consequence here . 
  but since we 're there , i 'd have to say that i look at it this way - someone who believes in the existence of a deity , in the christian case that deity being god , does so with no evidence , yes . 
  however , christianity does n't claim to base its beliefs off scientific evidence anyways . 
  it 's not a scientific theory like evolution . 
  it 's a belief , or if you will , a theory in the colloquial sense . 
  someone can believe in the existence of god and still be a scientist . 
  afaik , there have been some good scientists in history who 've believed in god and that never stopped them from using logic and reason in their work . 
  i wo n't throw around any names because i 'm not quite sure about them , but i do know that a lot of scientific advances had been made by monks in the past . 
  while it 's true that there are aspects of many religions , including christianity , that can actually be disproven ( like the literal interpretation of adam and eve , although i know that roman catholics do n't interpret that literally anyways ) , in essence , science and faith are n't really in that much of a conflict . 
  faith deals more with transcendental stuff , and it does n't ( or at least should n't ) presume to argue against something that has scientifically been proven without doubt . 
  however , science has n't disproven the existence of god . 
  while some ideas of what that deity is like , what it is responsible for , have been proven to be tosh or simply do not make much sense , the essence of it is basically untouchable . 
  at least for now , there simply is n't evidence that proves or disproves the existence of god . 
  i , for one , think that in the case of such an entity existing , we ca n't easily comprehend it anyways , so you can argue that most of written text about it is just a way of metaphorically dealing with that incomprehension . 
  oh and as for the healing crystals analogy , refer to what i wrote above . 
  in case it 's not clear what i mean ( which i do n't blame you for at all :p ) , when it comes to the healing crystals thing , you can conduct a grand scale experiment on sick people and simply see how many of them were actually helped by the crystals ( while factoring in other reasons for the disappearance of their illness ) , use the results and come to a conclusion that it 's bull . 
  and i agree that it 's hypocrisy in this case , because it can be disproven . 
  however , the existence of god , in essence , can not be , therefore i would n't call it hypocrisy to believe in god and support the scientific method , science , and all the wonderful things it has brought us and will continue to bring . 
  ** tl ; dr la la la la la , i 'm not listening to you !! 1 !!!, 
  i read that as `` best duckface i 've seen '' and got a bit confused . 
  why , zugangserschwerungsgesetz , of course . 
  it 's pronounced cro-ats . 
  edit : not offended or anything . 
  just thought i 'd explain it in case you really did n't know, 
  it 's a bit democratically depressing that only 43 % of the voters voted in the referendum , 66 % of those saying yes , making it ** 28,38 % ** of the people deciding the fate of everyone . 
  up until two years ago , the croatian constitution said that for any referendum to pass , 50 % +1 of the * entire * voting body had to say yes . 
  of course , the constitution was changed to more easily accommodate a ` yes ' outcome on this referendum , and had it not passed now , they 'd issue another in 6 months , then another , and another , until it passed . 
  frankly it seems to me it 's more or less just for show , like in many democratic countries in the world . 
  also , though there was supposed to be a program of informing the public about the positive and negative sides of entering the eu , the government ran blatant propaganda throughout the media in favor of the eu , while opponents got mocked and dismissed as usual . 
  now of course , this is just my biased opinion , and to tell you the truth , i 'm not sure whether ` yes ' or ` no ' would have been the right answer on this referendum , but all this seems * very peculiar * , if you ask me . 
  maybe it 's not that they ca n't be arsed . 
  maybe they are being mostly lied to both by eu supporters and opposition and they do not have enough information at their disposal to cast their vote . 
  i know i feel betrayed by our politicians ' total lack of care for the democratic process and their failure to even try and objectively educate the population about the up and down sides of joining the eu . 
  i 'm probably being overly dramatic , but in any case , it just does n't sit well with me that we can make a decision with less than half of the population even participating in it . 
  back in ' 91 , when we had a referendum on whether or not to declare independence , i 'd think it 'd be mighty unfair if ~ 30 % of the population decided the fate of the entire country . 
  we had 84 % turnout and ~ 95 % of the votes then , afaik . 
  this decision right now probably is n't as important as that one , but it 's damn near as important . 
  important enough to warrant half the votes , i 'd say . 
  the way i see it , if we could n't gather support of at least half the nation in order to join the eu , then we as a nation do n't want it enough to warrant going through with it . 
  well there are entities separate from the government which do , but their effect , imo , is n't comparable to that of the government . 
  there was a program of informing the public funded by money from the national treasury , and it was more of an advertisement than an information service . 
  the government presented a heavily pro-eu biased argument which amounted to marketing . 
  i do n't think it 's fair to have the people lied to and charged tax money for it . 
  afaik , someone from the government explicitly said that another referendum would be issued in 6 months . 
  i think it was v. pusi\u0107 , but do n't take my word for it as i 'm not sure . 
  anyways , i do n't even mind that there 'd be another referendum . 
  it would 've been good if we 'd voted no on the referendum now , informed ourselves more and made final decision 6 months later . 
  what i object to is that they 'd probably issue referendums indefinitely until one passed . 
  afaik , it happened ~ two years ago . 
  the croatian constitution can be changed with 2/3 parliamentary majority or something like that . 
  the way i see it , if 57 % did n't even vote in the referendum , they did n't want to enter the eu that much . 
  the burden of proof that the people want something should be on the ones who want the * change * , not the ones who want to keep the status quo . 
  however , i see what you 're saying and agree that it 's another valid way to look at things . 
  i was n't aware that people around the world were that apathetic . 
  sucks . 
  but still , i ca n't help but feel that this is a bit absurd . 
  should n't at least the voter turnout be min . 
  50 % for a referendum to pass ? 
  in any case , i hope that entering the eu will prove to have been a smart call , but keeping our unfortunate history with various unions and the like in the past , i ca n't help but feel that this might become yet another historical story of croatians getting manipulated and screwed over . 
  i do see what you 're saying . 
  however , maybe sometimes the people do n't feel like they 've been given a fair choice . 
  maybe their failure to vote is a form of protest against the puppet show democracy 's become . 
  and i agree about the crossing out . 
  however , it 's not something that 's talked about too much and it does n't even occur to many people . 
  it 's not that this is a banana republic or something . 
  they 're not in charge of informing the people . 
  we have various non government organizations , the media , etc. 
  ( the quality of which is questionable , but eh ), 
  it 's just that the terms we negotiated with the eu were n't known until recently and that none of the media , to my knowledge , seriously approached informing the public about what we were voting for or against in the first place . 
  to be fair though , it 's hard to go into depth when you have so little time to study it all . 
  that 's why i wanted the referendum to fail this time . 
  so we can have some more time to know what we 'd be getting into , have someone study all the chapters we signed , analyze the possible consequences it could have for us , and lay it all out for us . 
  anyways , the point i was trying to make was that the gov ' t used the money of the taxpayers in order to , as some interpret it , deceive the public through propaganda on tv and elsewhere . 
  if they want to present a biased view of the issue , let them then user their political party 's money to do it , not the money of the people which should go into a fair unbiased , unemotional analysis done by experts who are n't all politicians . 
  what we got was * propaganda * and stupid * advertisements * like a bunch of various people from various eu countries saying lovey dovey stuff to us , children singing songs about the eu , etc. 
  i do n't like being lied to , but i like it even less when i * pay * to be lied to . 
  i definitely can nazi a reason not to see this movie !, 
  `` hey , fellas !, 
  how 's this for a headline tomorrow ? 
  french fries ! '', 
  -- last words of james french before being executed by electric chair . 
  caveat : i 'm an ignorant , annoying tit . 
  i 'm not a linguist , but intuitively , they feel like different languages to me . 
  the argument that they sound similar or that we can understand each other 's languages more or less well is kind of insufficient for me . 
  i 've conversed with macedonians without even knowing they were speaking macedonian , and i would n't say it was the same language as croatian or serbian . 
  anyways , all this aside , i 'd think the burden of proof should be on people who claim they 're one language , and not the other way around . 
  it 's weird to me that croatia has a history as an independent kingdom and culture since cca 925 ad and just because during the existence of yugoslavia , politically motivated people tried to force through a unification of the languages does n't mean that it 's true . 
  in the end , i 'm not an expert and i do n't claim to have argumented this rather well , if at all . 
  i think it 's important to make the distinction that i 'm not zealous in this belief or anything . 
  it just feels to me , from my perspective as a croatian , that the usage of the term `` serbo-croatian '' is meant to reduce the legitimacy of the independence of the various nations which used to be members of yugoslavia . 
  i 'm not saying there 's a conspiracy or anything , but it was part of a certain agenda during the second half of the 20th century . 
  why am i saying all this ? 
  because i 'm 21 years old and i 'm tired as fuck of the dozens of agendas that have been floating around this area for a fuckload of years .
