  travel a bit outside latin america ( and the us ) , you 'll see that sweetness is not fancied at the same level all over the globe . 
  every foreigner i know finds peruvian cakes too sugary . 
  and the consumption of sodas at every moment of the day is definitely not something common absolutely everywhere in the world . 
  well , i 'm french , so eventhough we do eat chocolate and like our sweets , our cakes are definitely not that sweet and sodas are not that common at the table . 
  wine and water will be prefered . 
  i did n't know about chocolate in peru , but i 'm not that surprised . 
  anyway , does n't really have anything to do with soda consumption . 
  look at me in the eyes when i talk to you !, 
  i 'm the 4x4 of luv ' buddy . 
  thank you for sharing a nice story about paris and parisians , it 's not that often . 
  have a great stay !, 
  cool work, 
  the irak war of 2003 does n't really fits the narrative of `` protecting the american people '' . 
  it was an illegal war from day one , and the iraki people is paying the price of this war since then . 
  whatever marijuana you will find in paris wo n't be considered medical . 
  d\u00e9primant au possible mais excellent . 
  when i first visited it in january , it was very cloudy , like i could n't see the the top of the huayna pichu nor the valley . 
  but i got there pretty early ( like 6:30 ) and it was sunny for an hour or two . 
  got back there in june , it was sunny all day long . 
  in january it was not particularly rainy , a few waterdrops from time to time , but nothing like a tropical rainfall . 
  well machu pichu is really impressive , cloudy or not , i had a blast when i went in january , eventhough the scenery was better with a full day of sun like in june . 
  so i had recommend it anyway . 
  well , since you just moved , i guess you don ' know the city well , so why stay in your appartment ? 
  you can easily fill a month just by discovering paris . 
  about knowing people , i guess the same applies to every city in the world : do some sport , join a team , a club , an ngo , take dance lessons , whatever works for you . 
  i did martial art while living in south america , and i was far from being fluent in spanish by then . 
  the teacher just took extra time to show me step by step , and appart from my partner , the class was not slowed because of me . 
  plus you 'll ear many words that are repeated over and over in that context ( projection , prise , frappe , pied , poing , sol , soumission , tenue , ceinture , vestiaire , etc ) , might be usefull to learn french . 
   when they went to greece they spent majority of their time trying to capture the perfect photo instead of actually enjoying the trip . 
  reminds me of my trip to greece with my ex . 
  but why ? 
  not normal , but not unusual to say the least . 
  police can be lenient about it , but chances are if you get busted by a cop having a bad day , you are good for a trip to the police station for a few hours . 
  not recommended . 
  portuguesh . 
  you should try maroille if you think camembert is stinky . 
  oh yes , i do n't argue with that , but the smell of maroille just lingers on even longer and the smell is way stronger . 
  i used it , no problem at all , it was punctual and clean . 
   i would say that it was better under napoleon , mainly because he was extremely popular and built the basis of our administration today ( code civil , by example ) . 
  meeeeh , the country was in a constant state of war , i am not sure the people of france was really happier . 
  went there plenty of times , never had a problem regarding mugging . 
  but pickpocketing is huge in this city . 
  i guess you had a bad time there , eh ? 
  the amazonian forest in peru was really impressive , lots of birds , monkeys , river dolphins . 
  piranhas are very tasty and fishing them at night was a lot of fun . 
  even the casual encounters with deadly snakes and tarentulas are good memories . 
  but the heat man , the heat and mosquitos , i could n't bear it . 
  the only moment i was no sweating was between 2 a.m. and 4 a.m. not going back anytime soon . 
  i will forever remember an exchange i had in the museo del prado in madrid with a school teacher form the us . 
  she was a french teacher , i 'm french , so we had a casual chit-chat while waiting in line . 
  when it was her turn to buy her ticket , she just casually began to speak to the spanish cashier in french . 
  of course the guy did not understand a word . 
  when i tried to suggest that the guy probably did n't speak any french and that she should switch to spanish , she told me she did n't speak any spanish , and that since those two languages are latin languages , he should be able to understand her . 
  you coming from london , i do n't understand the grudges you hold regarding prices and housing . 
  london is wayyyyy more expensive than paris . 
  appart from that , i wo n't debate about the experience you had , higly influenced by the people you met apparently . 
  but paris is not for everyone , that is for sure . 
  this is way more doable , and portuguese understand better spanish than the other way aroud . 
  same way a french can grasp some spanish words , but the other way aroung is less probable . 
   tunisie , mais ouais . 
   although i think as a foreigner i was immediately excluded from a lot of housing . 
  you probably were , it is very complicated , even as a native french , to find housing in paris , and landlords often wo n't even bother dealing with a foreigner because they consider that you wo n't have a `` garant '' reliable enough . 
  yes they are , although if i were spanish i would n't help you with anything if you just assume i understand french . 
  it can be seen as very disrespectul . 
  that and the accent plays a major role . 
  i 'm fluent in spanish , but i have trouble understanding a guy from canarias for exemple . 
   it was pointless ringing the police because french police are incredibly xenophobic do n't like foreigners ( french people in general , actually , no surprise they vote for the literal nazi party in huge numbers there ), 
  now you are generalizing too much , i have the equal amount of little stories to tell about british being total ass to foreigners . 
  but this is just my experience , so i should n't generalize to an entire nation as you are doing . 
  speaking of who is the most xenophobic ( yeah , dick contest ) , just look at the brexit . 
  not saying that the french would have voted differently , but you are being blatantly dishonest and biased here . 
  on this particular topic , it has more to do with influence . 
  iran building coranic schools in the south of peru is doing the `` same '' job ( take this with extra care of course ) as a confucius institute . 
  je regarde gomorra . 
  i would rather recommend a bar where you could ask locals for infos . 
  montmartre seems like a place where you could get scammed . 
  in lima , people do n't even let through ambulances with sirens on . 
  talk about being empathetic . 
  maybe you are just good looking ? 
  about the bumping part , you learned the hard way that parisian wo n't budge when they are walking in the street , you have to move . 
  nothing to do with you in particular . 
   and grew up until 7 years old, 
  so that 's the reason a lot of peruvians are that little , you do n't grow after 7 y/o !, 
  enjoy !, 
  j'allais le dire . 
   health concerns . 
  we had a certain interaction and i need to get ahold of her . 
  how come ? 
  or , or , get a spanish speaking girlfri ... wait . 
  oh the irony !, 
  mais bordel !, 
  giving the right name of a dish does n't make you snob . 
  but refusing to acknowledge that this is not a ratatouille makes you kind of stubborn . 
  i personnaly find the english accent pretty cool and sexy on a girl . 
  american accent can be seen pretty `` normal '' to a french used to us culture . 
  english accents are somehow more `` exotic '' . 
  i watched it for the first time as a teenager . 
  i though that i somehow completly missed the point of the movie because i was too young , since everyone told me it was so great . 
  watched it again at 25 . 
  it 's going to be hard to convince me to watch it a third time .
