  i totally missed that , thanks, 
  main dans le but . 
  live there for a couple of months , your experience will change , 
  glad that you had a great time though, 
  the `` i never got robbed '' argument does n't work for me . 
  i , personnaly , never got robbed neither in lima . 
  but never have i had so many relatives who have been robbed . 
  there is definitely a security problem here , no matter if you or i get robbed or not . 
  no one forced you to respond to nigmontest comment , mate . 
  where the f. have you read that i was talking about crime ? 
  lima can be shitty for a lot more things than crime : the driving , the cops , the lack of civism of it 's population , the roads , the price asked just to put your child in a nido or a proper school ... do n't make me say what i did n't say . 
  anyway , personally i 'm happy here , i just do n't like when people prefer to look the other way , it 's just as stupid as people seing a criminal behing every lamppost . 
  : o : o : o, 
  tada . 
  `` noticia '' . 
  without any strike , bordeaux-marseille is a very shitty line . 
  lots of delays for x reasons ( there always seem to have one ) . 
  edit : toulouse-marseille is where i always had troubles , from bordeaux to toulouse , never a problem . 
  te parece normal que hasta la prensa ponga sus datos personales en sus paginas ? 
  i met once in person byron kelleher when he was playing rugby in toulouse . 
  i always though he had a pretty normal size , being one of the smallest on the field . 
  but he was freaking huge in person . 
  professionnal rugby players are way too big . 
  \u00e7a me fait marrer le mec qui dit `` my job here is done '' . 
  from what i remember , car pounds do n't necessarily replace the parts themselves . 
  they just take the piece you need out of one of their cars , and its up to you to replace it or take it to a garage so they do it . 
  la france est le premier b\u00e9n\u00e9ficiaire en aides directes de la pac , mais le second [ voire troisi\u00e8me ] ( http://www.vie-publique.fr/decouverte-institutions/union-europeenne/action/financement/comment-france-participe-t-elle-au-financement-union-europeenne.html ) contributeur au budget europ\u00e9en . 
  le r\u00eave en question :, 
  maman '' . 
  would n't recommend celio for formal clothes . 
  champion !, 
  as a foreigner , eventhough i admire that you are that close to your family and friends , the lack of consideration of many peruvians for anyone who is not from that circle is despicable . 
  the way people treat anyone who they believe is below them infuriates me and can not be justified . 
  discrimination is institutionalized in your country to the point that it is perfectly normal to pay a different price because you are a foreigner . 
  it is perfectly normal to call someone out on its physical apparence and to nickname him after it : cholo , negro , gringo , etc. 
  i would n't make such a statement if it was for `` a bunch '' of peruvians . 
  i lived there enough time to know that it is not a bunch . 
  man , last post and i 'm out , you are playing the fool here . 
  i do n't mind if someone in the jungle makse me pay a higher price . 
  i do n't mind if people with low income pay a little less . 
  i say , someone from san isidro who earns way more than me , will pay the same as someone from villa el salvador to go to the machu pichu while ill have to pay the highest price . 
  do you find this normal ? 
  i do n't think so , and this is why discrimination is institutionalized here , because you find this normal than i , a foreigner , is charged more by touristic attractions or airlines . 
  name me another touristic country that practices this , i 'll be glad to recognize my ignorance . 
  the fact that you are not bothered by racist nicknames and i am ? 
  plain simple , your society is racist to the core and you do n't even realize it anymore , you call it `` cultura '' . 
  comment t ` as fait ? 
  are you from the us ? 
  this would explain that . 
  by looking at your history , i fear i understand who you are refering to . 
  works wonder in israel , no doubt . 
  can you really compare france and israel in that sense ? 
  come on . 
  and yes please , take the opinion of one guy on reddit and make it the sentiment of the whole nation . 
  you really do n't have a second though about you first statement after last thursday ? 
  i do this but i 'm often the one cutting off others , i just realize it afterwards :(, 
  paris xiii is full of wonderful and huge mural paintings . 
  you can spent an afternoon trying to find them all : http://www.mairie13.paris.fr/mairie13/jsp/site/portal.jsp?page_id=712, 
  along the seine you have some cool biking pathes , and some roads are closed in the summer along the seine as well , so you can use them freely ( be careful with pedestrians tho ) . 
  wait till you go home after a night of drinking only to find out that the station next to your house is full . 
  the `` punk \u00e0 chien '' prototype is the right woman for you , good lad . 
  you can easily stay two or three days in lima and do a lot of things . 
  etc, 
  quand on ne sait pas , on demande . '', 
  gros tony ? 
  on parle d'un animal , merde , faites la part des choses un peu . 
   if you want to be anti-semite , you can spread hate elsewhere . 
  i 'm a little confused by your argument , do you have a concrete exemple of an airport staff going on strike in support of taxis ? 
  all i could think of :, 
  skip to 1:10, 
  ask your family and friends to help you with a ticket . 
  ambassies do n't pay for plane tickets if there is no emergency or if you are not ill . 
  topic seks :, 
  if i was italian and you were to speak spanish to me , i would not treat you well . 
  you make me think of an american tourist i met in madrid , she spoke perfect french , and was baffled that the spaniards would not understand her . 
  negative , certainly . 
  exagerated ? 
  oh yes . 
  hey , nothing to add to the others comment i always drank the water from the faucett when i was in paris . 
  but did you know , paris is built over a big aquifer , and in paris xiii , there is a fountain of what must be the clearest and cleanest water of all city , free for you to drink , you can fill up bottles and bottles if you like . 
  it is located in front of the piscine de la butte aux cailles . 
  edit : btw you should as well go to the piscine de la butte aux cailles , it is the only swimming pool i know where the water is straight from the ground , there is no chlore in it . 
  i always wanted to visit les marais poitevins . 
  titre putaclic , l'agression a eu lieu \u00e0 gonesse . 
  wwii and brad pitt . 
  again . 
  i really hope the french army will get its fair share of spotlight . 
  i mean the point here is that they had no more supply lines or were short on everything . 
  agen , m ` as-tu vu ? 
  yes , ireland and india can tell . 
  german technology ( radios on tanks for instance ) and stragegy was superior at the time . 
  the french doctrine was to be prepared for a ww1 style attack , but this is not what happened . 
  look at `` generation war '' , very good , even if it brushes off some of the most tricky part . 
  but it mostly focusses on regular german soldiers on the russian front . 
  edit : j'imagine que je me fais downvoter parce que je suppute de leur provenance g\u00e9ographique d'apr\u00e8s leur apparence physique , ce que certains esprits \u00e9troits doivent prendre pour du racisme . 
  well it was sold to the peruvians by the french anyway . 
  and i though that a technology transfer implied that the buyer was acquiring knowledge from the seller , not the other way around ? 
  i like the fact that they seem more relaxed than the french . 
  i do n't like the french bashing they tend to like a bit too much . 
  i 'd like you to elaborate on how brussels compares to paris in any way regarding architecture and vice versa .
