  pictures and music are awesome , but the inner dialogues bore me to no end . 
  cimer . 
  the one way trip is usually 45min to the city center , close to notre dame . 
  doable . 
  much obliged . 
   it is true that most french people will only eat a very light , typically sweet breakfast, 
   but it 's a pretty big generalization to say french people never eat savory things for breakfast . 
  j'en tremble encore . 
  we were all in our 20 's . 
  if you have time for it , a very cool thing to do is biking from one city to another , following the canal du midi . 
  if you want nice weather at this time of the year in france , you 'll probably have to drive a little longer . 
  toulouse and its region usually have a nice weather , even in winter ( it 's not an exact science of course ) , plus you have carcassonne nearby , but i think you 'll have to push a little further toward the mediteranean sea if the weather is really a problem for you . 
  one of my math teacher was exactly like that , he was only interested in students already good at math , not in helping the weak ones . 
  this is why i gave up on math pretty early . 
   apprends une langue ( swahili et portugais ici ), 
  ** being french , now harder than becoming an american astronaut **, 
  rep\u00e9rage de train . 
  but avoid the plaza de armas at midnight * , i had a bad experience there : everyone is throwing fireworks in the middle of the crowd , i got sparkles hit my eye . 
  plus some of my friends were obviously pickpocketed . 
  edit : *, 
  just curious , are those seeds not easily available where you live in the netherlands ? 
  it seems prety common . 
  tcea : 77.07 %, 
  i am confused : they are probably russians , so why is the wheel on the right side of the car ? 
  and it looks like the fast lane in on the left , so if the guy in the blue shirt does n't let the `` douchebag ' overtake him , i kind of understand him being pissed off . 
  obviously not , but as in many videos in / r/justiceserved , all i see are two assholes just looking for an excuse for a fight . 
  [ a ton \u00e9toile , de noir d\u00e9sir et yann tiersen ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yzftd-ipcfu ) . 
  aaaaaaargh, 
  merci !, 
  i had the same problem while studying spanish and italian at the same time . 
  i did n't get what the problem was at the time , but after a year in south america , it became obvious : my level of spanish was not good enough . 
  that 's why i was mixing the two languages . 
  when i became fluent in spanish , i had no problem anymore to differenciate it from italian . 
  i 've been studying portuguese for a few months now , and i do n't deal with the same problems that i had when i was n't fluent in spanish . 
  i just see it as a totally different language with lots of similarities with spanish . 
  working on my brazilian or portuguese accent also helped me a lot to integrate fully that i was dealing with another language . 
  maybe you should try to increase your level in spanish so that you can distinguish the two languages without a problem , and leave portuguese for the time being . 
  people singing or whistleling out of tune . 
  i know they are just having fun , but gosh do i want to scream at them to shut up . 
  fort aimable . 
  comment s ` appelle la bestiole qui pond des diamants d\u00e9j\u00e0 ? 
   sciences po . 
  les after 8 , la pire insulte faite au chocolat . 
  same process was used by the cosa nostra to kill giovanni falcone , famous italian judge with a reputation of being incorruptible . 
  they placed 600 kgs of explosives under the highway he was using to go to the airport of palermo . 
  his armored car did n't save him nor his wife . 
  dac ' , merci !, 
   i , for one , welcome change in culture . 
  why did you circumcise * your son then ? 
  pressure from family ? 
  la promesse de l'aube - romain gary . 
  it 's common , the only solution i found is saying firmly `` do n't touch me '' , they usually leave you alone after that . 
  i hate his face so much , i can not help it . 
  at 78 y/o , i 'm pretty confidend that age is the major factor of what is killing him . 
   however , i believe , your president would not be able to do such a thing as discuss their beliefs or say `` dieu b\u00e9nisse la france , '' correct ? 
  he could , but it would be a political suicide to do so . 
  i do n't think any of the official candidates for the next presidentiel elections has a second though about the importance of secularism in france . 
  when i told a `` friend '' of mine that i broke up with my girlfriend , he texted her the very same day to go have a drink with her . 
  more than a lack of respect for her ( and for me , why not ) , i found this really pathetic . 
  my ex was the one who told that he wrote to her , not very content about it , and as far as i know , they never went on a date . 
  he barely knew her , he was just looking for a chance to get laid . 
  because de gaulle asked the french if algeria should be independant . 
  would they have say no , war would have eventually lasted . 
  after reading yesterday on another thread that french are butt hurt about english being too present in their language ( which is partially true ) , i 'm really enjoying myself reading an anglo saying `` why use this french word , we have a perfectly english word for that '' . 
  je jubile . 
  i 'm french and curious , what kind of jokes do you have about us ? 
  i guess something about being lazy or on strike , but just want to check . 
  nothing comes to mind right away , we tend more to joke about the belgians . 
  but nazi jokes were and are still pretty common in french comedies . 
  you can check this very famous scene from a de funes movie ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=t2nscnw2il0 ) to have a taste of it , or check more recent movies like `` oss 117 : rio ne r\u00e9pond plus '' ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yy2qowfw_k0 ) ( the guy is asking at the german ambassy in brazilia where he could find a circle of former nazis ) . 
  wwi is also an interesting moment in the creation of france as we know it today . 
  the french republic always fought regional languages , and found in ww1 the perfect opportunity to end them : officers spoke french , and the men they commanded , who spoke corsican , britton or occitan , had to communicate in french in order to understand the orders or even to be able to communicate with their comrades . 
  `` all the nazis were n't ss . 
  beware with this kind of shortcut '' . 
  travel by train can be a very good way to travel , but you should book them in advance , for it tends to get a little pricey if you were to book them only a few days in advance . 
  being from the south west , i could n't recommend a better region to visit !, 
  bordeaux for the wine and architecture , toulouse and its region from the warm weather , the nice people and the food , and the basque region for the countryside and the sea . 
  you could almost go to spain and visit san sebastian from there . 
  but if you do all that , i would recommend that you rent a car . 
  anthropopith\u00e8que . 
  capitaine haddock 4 ev3r , ma muse , mon inspiration . 
  subtil . 
  mais personne n ' a envie de se faire racketter en vacances . 
  45min late is pretty late even by french standards . 
  in paris ( and in france in general ) there is a 15min tolerance . 
  above that , you are indeed late and the guy should apologize . 
  the american dream is a social construct inherent to the us culture . 
  so no , there is no french dream * per se * . 
  well then , i guess a lot of us are indeed livin ' the dream . 
  y' en a un \u00e0 paris , au jardin du luxembourg si je ne m ` abuse . 
  so does argentina , they are shoulder to shoulder with the us for that matter . 
   how many countries have as big a gun issue as the us ? 
   how many countries have a proper healthcare system ( unlike the us ) ? 
   how many countries did n't eliminate segregation barely 50 years ago ? 
   there 's a reason why everyone listens to our music and watches our movies , and not yours . 
  hum , yeah , because of a super powerful * cultural hegemony made possible by the construction of super apparatus such as hollywood . 
  does n't mean that your music or movies are the best , the world is just flooded by your culture . 
  a fine connoisseur of `` everything '' , i see . 
  you should keep us updated regarding your future dates , see if there is any improvment or if you feel more comfortable around parisian guys !, 
  a lot of girls are very passive when it comes to dating .
