courage mec !, 
  \u00e7a me donne envie de me fracasser le lobe frontal contre un coin de table . 
  i think you were just hanging with stupid people . 
  watch out , they are everywhere , not only in france . 
  i used it while in south america myself , no one bugged over it . 
  for me it came naturally two months after i arrived in south america , and i never was able to make this sound before i got there . 
  i guess it came naturally from speaking spanish everyday . 
  native spanish speaker have this kind of a `` test '' to see if your accent is worth something : `` ferrocarril '' . 
  i guess you 'll have to repeat that word on and on until you master it . 
  could someone translate what the people filming are saying ? 
  when i lived in peru , i always made sure to sit behind the driver 's seat . 
  because customers tend to be assaulted/mugged by the drivers there , not the other way around . 
  putain , il a dit `` confusant '' . 
  a pity when you see so many people struggling to get a 12m \u00b2 flat at 600 $ in paris . 
  exactly . 
  i 'm pretty upset right now reading the comments on the article of `` le monde '' . 
  you can feel that people have a thirst for blood , and say out loud that civilian casualties are more than acceptable . 
  i do n't like it at all . 
  i 'm talking about the people of france ( more specifically the one talking on facebook about this article ) , not about the military action of the french military , that i support since it began last year . 
  fortunately , those were only the facebook comments of the article . 
  people commenting directly on the website of le monde tends ( sometimes ) to be more balanced . 
  kill the whole family of a 8 y/o syrian boy with a french/english/american bomb today , and you have your answer . 
  yes , you can do your groceries with those , but i think they will accept a maximum of two tickets ( same goes if you are at a restaurant ) . 
  and you should definitely chose the paper tickets over the cards , because some supermarkets or restaurants can not accept them say on a saturday night or on sunday , since you are not supposed to work at those hours with an office job . 
  but pretty everywhere they should accept your paper tickets , even if you are doing groceries on a sunday . 
  well , from what history taught me , they would just collaborate with the aliens . 
  during wwii they collaborated with the nazis as much as they did with the allies . 
  i beg to differ , humor has to do with culture and therefore nationality . 
  i spent some time in south america , and what makes people laugh over there would be considered `` childish '' in france , where humor tends to be more subtle . 
  i know a lady from portugal who told me that women can say either `` obrigado '' or `` obrigada '' , could someone confirm this ? 
  but with a real knife nonetheless . 
  \u00e7a me fait penser \u00e0 une certaine citation bien connue de `` 1984 '' : `` war is peace , freedom is slavery , ignorance is strenght '' . 
  if there is a lot of people to thank , you had better go with someting cool to eat or drink together , it 's always pleasant and easier than a `` group gift '' . 
  normally it would be the other way around , but since you mentionned wine , a pack ( ? ), 
  of 6 bottles of good wine would definitely be a nice gift for them to share later . 
  who told you that ? 
  only reason i see to dislike the sacr\u00e9-coeur is because it 's overcrowded with tourists . 
  do you hate versailles because it is the depiction of the megalomania of louis xiv ? 
  its history is all , who would you hate for this ? 
  the fact that you mentionned that you are `` gringo as fuck '' reminds me of a story . 
  i know a guy who knows a guy who knows a guy who lived in rio for a few months . 
  he was very blond , and was apparently mugged multiple times because he was easily spotted . 
  he had to dye his air to be left in peace . 
  i know , that is why i did n't argue that last part . 
  to go back to the sacr\u00e9 coeur being hated as a symbol of an horrid historical event , i am pretty sure most parisians do n't care that much or do not even know about it . 
  not fluent , just the basics , `` bonjour merci au revoir '' . 
  and since you point it out , it is specifically because paris is overwhelmed with tourists that some of the inhabitants grew a short temper about tourist not following french etiquette ( very unpolite to begin a conversation without greetings for exemple , as i mentionned above ) . 
  i for instance was doing an intership close to place de la concorde , and i had to go through an average of three buses full of chinese tourists every morning , not paying attention to anyone around them . 
  it can be tiresome when you work or live in touristic areas . 
  but personnaly i always helped tourists , whereas they engage the conversation in english or french . 
  what seems to be the officier , problem ? 
  je suis un homme simple . 
  thank you for you answer !, 
  i visited this webpage but i got off as fast as i could because of how ugly it was , did n't seem legit !, 
  i shall take another close look . 
  i know about safety concerns in lima ( i witnessed myself a car caught in traffic that had its window broken with a hammer to steal a purse ) , but i plan to live in miraflores or close to it . 
  are assaults on vehicules ( and motorcycles ) also , if not common , possible in this neighborhood ? 
  good to know , thanks for the information, 
  i guess i 'll play the `` i did n't know '' card . 
  was ? 
  my ex-girlfriend , who is peruvian , told me that one time she got arrested . 
  she actually asked to be fined , and refused to pay the bribe . 
  the cop finally let it go , supposedly because it is too tiresome to file the paperwork related to an actual fine . 
  i shall give it a try !, 
  as i mentionned , i am well aware of the danger , and i do n't really want to invest in a car , since i 'll be moving mostly around miraflores and only stay in lima for a year ( hurray ) . 
  but thanks for the advice !, 
   any cautionary tales , or warnings you care to give ? 
  take extra care when it comes to taxis . 
  do n't take a taxi that offers you a ridiculously low price , and prefer taxis that have the trunk visible ( a friend of mine , peruvian , was robbed after someone hidden in the trunk of a taxi pulled a gun on him ) . 
   also a friend of mine went to peru a while back and contracted a intestinal parasite , and he said that doctors in the region just treat the symptoms ? 
  how common is this and how do we avoid it ? 
  do n't listen to peruvian saying `` never heard of it '' , of course they are not concerned , they ate the food and drank the water all their life . 
  we poor westerners are not used to the same standards , that 's all . 
  i know plenty of foreigners who had problems with the food and the water , and one of them got a parasite as well . 
  try to never drink water out of the faucet , prefer bottled or boiled water . 
  when it comes to street food , i personnaly never had any problems , appart from the classical turista . 
  just make sure it is properly cooked . 
  enjoy !, 
  il \u00e9tait effectivement ha\u00eft au point de faire l'objet de plusieurs tentatives d'assassinat . 
  much more satisfying than the original , even uplifting !, 
  but so depressing !, 
  mais quelle surprise !, 
  on dirait un sketch, 
  i bet that it 's the same little game that went when he visited france : he refused to sit at a table that served wine , officially because as a muslim he could n't , but it had more to do with the religious opposition groups back home , that could have accused him of drinking . 
  i 'm sure rouhani personnaly does n't mind about nude statues , he just want to avoid every misstep the opposition could use against him . 
  not true , the dinner was canceled . 
  french diplomatic etiquette stipulates that a dinner at the elys\u00e9e must have wine or there is no dinner at all . 
  what ? 
  ever heard of the `` code civil '' ? 
  you seem to be the kind that feels offended quite easily . 
  first time i hear that myself , who told you so ? 
  no clue . 
  `` les aminches '' is a bit pass\u00e9 but still used by some to say `` friends '' , myself included . 
  wait , i think this just might be bullshit , or a very bad attempt to do `` verlan '' ( the art of puting a word backward . 
  he might just have invented his own way of saying `` amis '' in verlan , but i 'm pretty sure he was stonned as hell when he came with this one . 
  i think by train it 's a 6hours trip . 
  if you take a plane that 's 40min from paris to the airport , arrive there an hour in advance , trip is an hour and something , 40min to go to barcelona from the airport , train can not compete . 
  plus it 's goddam cheaper by plane . 
  it is way more complicated than that when it comes to radical islam and global jihad . 
  i do n't know what you are downvoted for that , this is pure truth .
