  i was 15 and travelling with my parents . 
  it was a little bit akward to discuss what i saw in the toilets with them . 
  one of the rare books i 've tossed away . 
  peru is cheap , and a lot of foreigners find jobs in teaching here . 
  getting your `` carnet de extranjeria '' ( an id that allows foreigners to work ) can be quite hard to aquire though . 
  ask over / r/peru , any expact could tell you better than me the steps . 
  so he was 29 when this happened ? 
  now 47 . 
  still time for my 27yo self to become a movie star it seems . 
  i prepared some pancakes dough one night . 
  boy i was so excited to get up the morning after and have me some of thoses pancakes . 
  i did n't respect the `` rules '' ( no drug , no alcohol , no sex during the prior week ) , i had in coming in some way , but it was a near death experience to me . 
  i felt like shit for the next day , vomiting anything i ate or drank . 
  my friend , whom i went doing ayahuasca with , on the contrary was amazed by what he saw that night . 
  he felt wonderful the day after . 
  i did n't know it was called that when i took it , 6 years ago . 
  had i known it , not sure i would have tried it . 
   this dish will forever be known as ratatouille, 
  anywere but in the country where both ratatouille and confit byaldi originate from , thankfully . 
  it does n't affect me , it 's just bothering to see people who prefer to ignore a valid information and prefer to acknowledge a false one given by a cartoon ( cartoon that i 'm very fond of btw ) . 
  on the other hand , `` ratatouille '' and `` confit byaldi '' are both `` national dishes '' , and us french take much pride in our food . 
  so yes , thankfully , a us cartoon wo n't alter the names we give to our dishes and what is part of our identity . 
  eventough i do n't know the us universities and i 'm pretty sure you are right when it comes to those being more `` social '' , the easiest way to get to know people is to join any club or sport association . 
  if you just attend classes , it is indeed difficult to get to know people , especially in paris where groups of friends tend to be not very opened to newcommers . 
  exemple , le `` mansplaining '' . 
  mais qui t ` as dit \u00e7a ? 
  aaaaaah, 
  why put your mix into this closed plastic bag though , a bowl would do just fine and its way easier to wash afterwards . 
  `` il a saut\u00e9 '' : `` he blew himself up '' . 
  european ? 
  this is french . 
  he jumped : il a saut\u00e9, 
  the correct way to say `` he blew himself up '' would be `` il s ` est fait sauter * '' . 
  connasse . 
  tada, 
  oh boy , do n't ever go to italy then . 
  mmmmmmmh, 
  raaaaah the stairs are on the court . 
  beautiful nonetheless . 
  comment te dire ... 
  to be precise , he missed because the crowd fought him . 
  j' y ai cru jusqu'au `` you might want to stay here '' . 
  but why ? 
  now i feel like a fraud as a frenchman , i 've never been to a bal des pompiers . 
  ksoooooooooooooo, 
  hello , french here . 
  i have no problem to help anyone willing to speak french if the situation is appropriate !, 
  if you stop me in the street asking for direction in broken french while i 'm on my way to work , i wo n't bother and answer in english . 
  if i 'm relaxed in a bar or a park , go for it , perfect time . 
  everything pastry related . 
  everything cheese related . 
  enter whatever boulangerie / p\u00e2tisserie and fromagerie and pick up random stuff . 
  france cuisine is highly oriented on meat , but we have some classic meals that do n't have meat in them : ratatouille of course , piperade , gratin dauphinois , souffl\u00e9s , etc. 
  - couper finement une botte de persil, 
  attention , celui-ci doit rester gluant . 
  could someone translate what 's written on the candles ? 
  i 've always wondered what it meant . 
  the humpback of notre dame . 
  it 's full of details from medieval times paris and how the city was like , read it before you go and compare it to how it is now !, 
  you are going to get scammed or arrested if you do n't know where to ask . 
  if you are young and say , staying at a hostel , you should ask around . 
  not only did they fought until evacuation was completed , but the french soldiers who were evacuated to england along with the british were sent back to france shortly after to resume the fight . 
  only to be told by their commanders that the war was over . 
  some of those soldiers decided to flee to africa to keep the fight going . 
  romain gary , very famous french novelist of polish descent , who fought during wwii , tells very well in his book `` les promesses de l'aube '' the distress and anger of those soldiers who felt abandonned by their superior and their will to keep fighting from abroad . 
  ah , happened to me while surfing a week ago . 
  could n't walk properly for a few days after that . 
   situation que l'on a provoqu\u00e9, 
  the white walkers mount dead horses since the beginning of the show i recall . 
  what about the first wight jon faces at castle black ? 
  if i recall correctly it 's one of hiscomrade that died on mission and just kind of woke up as a wight . 
  it makes sense now , thanks !, 
  you know that islam is a religion , right ? 
  your head is gon na explode the day you meet a muslim mexican . 
  interresting , and not very surprising for the time . 
  postule . 
  could you please add `` gascon '' in regional languages ? 
  but i understand . 
  i think they actually did , i remember watching 20min of a movie about this particular event while in per\u00fa . 
  could n't tell you its name though . 
  edit : could it be `` rehenes '' ? 
  i almost drowned like that when i was 19 , scarriest thing was that there was a dozen people at the line up , but no one seemed to realize what was happening . 
  sleeping with the dictionnary is the best way to lean a language . 
  that 's how i learned spanish !, 
  ( do n't tell him this joke , not sure he 'd like it ) . 
  pro tip : when you ask for a vegetarian dish , specify very clearly that you do n't want eggs nor chicken . 
  somehow chicken is not considered as meat by a lot of people over there . 
  this guy wins the `` useless super powers '' challenge . 
  romain gary , la promesse de l'aube, 
  i camped on the field that is just after laguna 68 . 
  my friends and i were the first ones to get there . 
  it was so beautiful and peaceful . 
  two of my friends managed to swim in that lake , i still do n't know how they did that !, 
  living in south america , i can tell you that 's it 's making a huge comeback here . 
  all the sciences po in france have a relatively even level when it comes to the quality of the classes and of the teachers . 
  what make the difference is the quality of the conferences , the connexions you 'll be able to make , and the fame of some visiting teachers . 
  and for all that , i think paris wins it easily . 
  politics , celebrities , economist , etc , wo n't easily go , say , to sciences po toulouse or grenoble , but are more likely to visit lille , strasbourg or lyon if invited , given the facility to go there from paris . 
  this is the japanese culture . 
  you dodged a boulette here , comme disent les anglois .
