  nice one !, 
  i 've lived in south america for more than a year now . 
  coming back to paris a few weeks ago , it really struck me how classy everyone is . 
  thanks buddy !, 
  thanks , it looks like its a really cool documentary . 
  you want the municipality of grenoble to fight against terrorism and overpopulation ? 
  what 's your point exactly ? 
  the futilities that will get you handcuffed in the us blow my mind . 
  thanks , it makes more sense if you put it that way . 
  argh . 
  l'arabe est la langue du christianisme ? 
  270 days `` ski chez jimraw '', 
  diantre !, 
  oh noes , now i have flashbacks of this girl i met in rio . 
  stupid me , i never took her contact . 
  i have like a month of holidays to take before my contract ends in 3 months . 
  i do n't know how i 'll do that . 
  caralho all the way, 
  living near the tropics , i realise that i really miss spring . 
  i disagree with you saying that this is not that big of a deal in france , anyone slightly interested in bande dessin\u00e9e knows valerian and laureline . 
  i myself am 27 and i read all of them . 
  everyone seems to have though first about gas chambers , when i thought : `` of course he did n't use chemical weapons , he was gased himself during wwi , that 's why he never used any '' . 
  i 'm a 27 yo french man and i 'm still not sure how you are supposed to hit on french women . 
  tu connais kaboul kitchen ? 
  if you do n't have it already , download any taxi app available . 
  asking for a uber insted of taking a cab in the street made my life so much easier and less stressful . 
  mais m\u00e2d\u00e2me a envie d'\u00eatre au centre de l'action . 
  what happenned to benny after you freed him ? 
  this must be the one character that i was happy to kill . 
  some context about the picture where ( what appears to be ) french and us troops march along ? 
  un attentat apolitique ? 
  try to look into the number of people who were actually stopped from perpetrating a terrorist attack in france . 
  just last week two guys were arrested for ploting an attack in marseille . 
  heavily depends on who will win i guess . 
  if le pen is elected , you might expect some disturbance . 
  moussaka : lot of different steps and ingredients . 
  mmmmh . 
  bon courage mec !, 
  that chin though . 
  that 's not true at all . 
  so , anything above 25 \u00b0 c ? 
  gosh yes , studying french history from 1815 to 1914 is hell . 
  that and the 4th to 5th republic transition . 
  cultivateur mais pas dealer ? 
  you 'll get over it . 
  when i go abroad , i get asked that if it is true that french people do n't shower . 
  brush it off , hang out with cooler people . 
  i ca n't wait to see how will be depicted the 35 000 french soldiers who fought for the defense of lille and dunkirk and stopped the german army from reaching the beach , allowing the english expeditionnay force to escape !!, 
  yaaaaawn . 
  more like 7 weeks . 
  hurray \\ o /, 
  this is what every alt-right activist has been saying over and over during the whole french campain . 
  terrorist attack may or may not happen in the near future , it does n't take away that the fearmongers are beginning to become quite borring and repetitive . 
  about your last paragraph : france received very , very little of the massive refugee wave that happened in 2015 and 2016 . 
  see the calais situation , they do n't even want to stay here . 
  i guess you are thinking about germany , who indeed has very poor labor laws and received a lot of them . 
  we will know very soon how it works out for them . 
  about `` terrorism '' being generational , meh . 
  terrorism is an ideology before anything , it grows on social despair and class divide , so this is the topic to adress right now for our newly elected president , for the `` well being of the people living in '' my fucking country . 
  but that should be an everyday concern frankly , and should not arise only after the first bomb explodes . 
  anyway , i voted for a guy who i believe could help me in my everyday life , getting rid of terrorists is the job of the state whatsoever , it being socialist , liberal or plain fascist . 
  people who massively voted for le pen live in rural areas or in places where i doubt a bomb will ever explodes , and their main concern may have been terrorism , but i 'm pretty sure they are more concerned about keeping their jobs and whatnot . 
  the irony is , parisians , where the majority of the bombing and attacks happened , rejected le pen by more than 90 % of the votes . 
  what . 
  la promesse de l'aube , de romain gary . 
  yeah , i agree , it just that it baffles me when i 'm around expats working in those fields and unable to form a basic sentence after months of living here . 
  [ seu jorge - burguesinha ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=reuxbgael94 ), 
  kourou is close to the sea . 
  a moussaka . 
  takes an hour and a half just for the dish to be ready to go into the hoven . 
  but do you give a buck to anyone who help you find your way where you are from though ? 
  i remember once i got invited to a dance party at an engineering school , a salsa dance party to be more precise . 
  there were so few girls who showed up that the guys present decided to form same sex couples to dance . 
  it was both funny and sad . 
  cool dato . 
  fun times . 
  til only mexican drugloards are legit when it comes to guacamole . 
  please do n't tell this to your kids , let them cook whatever they want . 
  cooking is fun , this kind of bullshit takes away all the pleasure there is in it . 
  what `` i 'm brown '' means ? 
  genuine question . 
  do you say you 're `` brown '' only if you come from south west asia ? 
  `` woosh '' to me i guess , my bad . 
  boulevard de clichy can be sketchy but it 's not dangerous . 
  plus if you cross the street and begin to climb the hill , you 'll be in the heart of the montmartre neighbourhood . 
  if you do n't want to sweat , just go the other way , south of the boulevard , there are plenty of bars and restaurants . 
  close to here there is a nice little bar where you can play super nintendo , it 's pretty chill for a beer and a snack , anyone ? 
  did the attacker was going for one of the cops at 30 '' , and did this cop just fell off and was saved by is partner ? 
  i find the action difficult to read . 
  go south , i have a belgian friend who went to toulouse `` just for a moment '' , he has been living there since 6 years . 
  latam will charge you if you are a foreigner for every destination in peru . 
  reminds me of a guy who complained here that he was unable to find a boulangerie during his trip . 
  if you stayed only on the touristy and wealthy side of paris , no doubt you could n't find any option to eat cheap . 
  paris is filled with options of chinese , indian and arab foods , affordable and good . 
  but you have to leave the touristy beaten tracks to find them : 13 , 18 , 19 and 20th arrondissement are places you ough to have visited . 
  and if you did , i honnestly do n't understand your complain . 
  for the architectural side , i could n't agree more , and i often get lost in paris if i do n't have my gps . 
  but if you wander a little and go to neighborhoods like butte aux cailles ( 13\u00e8me ) , you have a totally different feeling to the city . 
  maybe you should come back !, 
  i remember that bar .
