  you must take into account that they are probably high as hell . 
  tada . 
  at sciences po you 'll be taken care off , there will be a lot of foreign students as well trying to find accomodations , and there is certainly an association dedicated to welcome foreigners ( at least it was the case in my iep ) . 
  have fun in paris !, 
   years, 
  this is not norway we are talking about , you 'll be fine . 
  after living a year and a half in paris , i loved reading notre dame de paris by victor hugo . 
  it takes place during medieval times and most of the places described still exist . 
  a nice time travel . 
   so it was a lot `` une croissant apricotte '' , which made me feel like an ** hole for not being polite . 
  well yes , in our culture , if you do n't greet ( in french , preferably ) and say thank you afterward , you are indeed a douche . 
  edit : *, 
  but in this case flying is definitely faster than train . 
  count 4hrs door to door . 
  blague \u00e0 part , j' aime beaucoup l'anecdote . 
  `` a crime '', 
  hold you horses . 
  buy a lycra . 
  it 's way thinner and more confortable than a wetsuit , and easier to take off . 
  it 's usually used by surfers during summer days to protect themselves from the sun while practicing . 
  but do you remember why he ( infortunately ) said that ? 
  because he was booed , just because he was competing against a brazilian . 
  that 's not the point , is it ? 
  how do you know ? 
  whatever he cried for , that does n't make the behaviour of the crowd any less shitty . 
  it was an unfortunate comment , but do you remember why he said that in the first place ? 
  there are a lot of disciplines where the athletes are never booed , and high jump ( as well as gymnastic to cite only those two ) is one of them . 
  anyway , it has to do with sportmanship , which the brazilian crowd apparently lacks of . 
   houlding says the peruvians she 's worked with have shown a high level of professionalism , but the pace of business is slower than europe and the meetings rarely start on time . 
  no es unicamento yo . 
  this topic is often adressed here and has be resolved many times : did you try to speak some french , at least to greet ? 
  or did you asked your questions upfront without even greeting , and in english ? 
  that could have been your problem . 
  we do n't have `` speech class '' in france ? 
  is that something every child in the us will get at school ? 
  as it has already been explained to you by numerous people here , it has to do with culture . 
  for a french , a lot of american visitors are very rude , because they do n't know our etiquette . 
  and i prefer to receive a good education from my parents than the mandatory substitute you got , 
  i saw that afterwards yes . 
  no clue then , but it certainly does n't have anything to do with you being from the us , most french can not distinguish english accents one from another . 
  ah , us school system . 
  explains a lot indeed . 
  i was n't home-schooled , i just told you we did n't have these kind of classes in france . 
  manners are taugh by parents in france , or by the teachers to some extend , but there is no such thing as a class to learn how to behave in society . 
  looks like a class directed to `` children with special needs '' as you 'd say there . 
  when in peru , i once said about some guy i just met that he was `` muy simpatico '' , meaning `` sympathetic '' , when here it means something along the line of `` cute '' . 
  i had to clarify my sexual orientation right away ( i 'm a dude ) . 
  what ? 
  how come the previous one does n't apply to girls as well if they want to ? 
  for you there is no option inbetween a bikini and a religious swimwear ? 
  point barre . 
  edit : *, 
  edit bis * * : ah , tu parlais de la tenue en tant que telle , * mea culpa * . 
  edit : *, 
  respire , respire . 
  it 's ... it 's beautiful ... :'(, 
  because of the religious values it carries with it . 
  france : omg such hate , shame , country goes to ruin blablabla, 
  netherlands : they are just trying to protect their culture / they grew tired of the islamisation of the country . 
  insinuating that you can not respect yourself unless you wear a `` burkini '' ( always remember that there is the word `` burka '' in it ) is one hell of a shitty statement . 
  anyway , i was reponding to the guy above : in a secular society like the french one , this kind of religious garnment will always create tensions . 
  try to live with the fact that not every country works the same . 
  the driver ran over the corpse of one of his comrade though , its not like he had an empty field to manoeuver . 
  this does n't really make him likeable . 
  anything aroung the plaza de armas is good , the river is not far away , and there are some cool bars and discos not far . 
  france is a country of 65 millions people receiving each year more than 80 millions visitors , the vast majority in paris . 
  you can not blame parisians to have grown a short temper with some tourist who visit our country like someone would visit disneyland ( yes , i know we have this one ) . 
  on a daily basis ? 
  well , when you live in paris , you bump into tourists every ten meters . 
  again , just look at the numbers : there are more people visiting paris than there are parisians . 
  edit : *, 
  `` not knowing 3 words of french '' you meant to say . 
  no one asks tourists to be fluent in french . 
  the extra effort you put to learn those basic words just show that you are not just a consummer , but a visitor . 
   the first one told me `` you know i 'm married ? '', 
  which confused the hell out of me . 
  ahah , what did you say ? 
  i put a lime and a half just for one avocado ... and you put half-one for three ? 
  what 's the point ? 
  aucune id\u00e9e , mais le `` strict minimum '' . 
  `` things go better with coke '' . 
  tunisia was a french colony ( a protectorate to be more accurate ) . 
  as a boy ( regardless of the fact that i am french ) , i really enjoy when the girl texts me and does n't wait passively . 
  i 'm french , i speak the language and did as the romans do ( meaning kicking everyone standing in my way in the subway ) , i was glad when i had the chance to move from paris . 
  this is not a city for everyone , regardless of the many things there is to do . 
  merci de confirmer ce que j' en pensais !, 
  well yes , historically , if you were white , or whiter than the majority , you were from spanish descent or even spanish , so you had power and money , in comparison with natives or black people . 
  this does n't apply only to peru , in brasil or colombia , women crave white men , them being foreigner or not , for the same reasons . 
  i quote a peruvian female friend of mine : `` los peruanos son feos , los europeos son guapos , punto '' . 
  but nonetheless , i agree with what / u/nigmontest said . 
  donc imagine 1 million 300 personnes en un an . 
  i do n't know , not all peruvian girls are the same obviously . 
  if you are afraid to deal with gold digger , you should target pitucas , who wo n't be after you for money concerns or moving abroad since they have such a confortable life here already . 
  but about south american girls living in the us ? 
  no clue . 
  no , too sugary , i drink one every 6 months , but peruvians really like sugar , so that might be it . 
  oh yes i 'll make generalisation . 
  just look how sweet are all the cakes you can find in every bakery or supermarket . 
  they would n't be so sweet if peruvians did not have a taste for sugar . 
  plus , just take a look in any restaurant or in any family reunion : people do n't drink water or juices , in majority they drink : inka kola , coca cola or limonada : sugar , sugar , sugar .
