  if you want a good education for your kids in this country you have to pay , a lot . 
  800 $ for a 25m \u00b2 flat is actually pretty expensive for a lot of people in france . 
  education and behaviour , just look at the way people drive and litter everywhere . 
  also , informality , even when it comes to doing business . 
  this might come as a problem in the future if the economy keeps on growing . 
  the thing that bothers me the most must be that there is a different price for foreigners . 
  this is pure discrimination . 
  i mean , i understand that some people could n't afford it at the `` gringo '' price , but hell , there are tons of peruvians who are way richer than i am . 
  a cramp in my foot and leg . 
  shit does this hurt . 
  looks nothing like a pizza , but i 'll go for a truffade , because this is da bomb . 
  i 'll propose aligot as well , for the sake of it . 
  are french gendarmes trained to use heavy machine guns though ? 
  really wondering what would happen with them if tomorrow france is invaded by `` x '' forces ? 
  do they put on gign like combat outfits ? 
  so many questions !, 
  sorry not to contribute , but i 'd just like to say : be carreful about scams on `` leboncoin '' , there is a ton of really good offers , but from time to time you just encounter one that is `` too '' good . 
  watch out !, 
  peru and reading . 
  even when visiting the homes of super pitucos who went to upper schools and universities , there is not a single bookshelf in sight , not a single book to be seen laying somewhere . 
  they do n't like to read here . 
  and yes , it will take some time for this to change , but i 'd prefer this to come from the civil society and the executive better than from ebooks ( no one in the poorer region is able or willing to pour a hundred bucks into this ) . 
  i surely hope that someone studying in the literature field reads . 
  the opposite would be a bummer . 
  is that what you and your peers studied ? 
  but i do n't know , do they make you read classic literature in school ? 
  do they teach you to read for yourself ? 
  peruvians that i know that read a lot only read books related to their field of expertise , not for fun or leisure . 
   unfair of you to say people you do n't know have no books in their home and then when i point out they do claim it 's a no-brainer , do n't you think ? 
  you have a point , but you specified that your friends worked in fields connected to litterature , so yes , them not reading would be a no-brainer . 
  i 'm talking about the peruvian population in general , and i decided to pick the `` pitucos '' because they are the one that have the greatest opportunities to be exposed to a good education and educated people , and thus develop reading habits , which i have not witnessed . 
  but anyway , i 'm glad you actually offered a real explanation , that compensate the people simply downvoting me without even trying to prove me i 'm wrong . 
  i know i am biased , but i just want to read someone showing me something that i do n't know . 
  what could go wrong !, 
  this is actually a major event of the 20th century , not knowing about it reveals a lack of historical knowledge . 
  recent history of ( every ? ), 
  latin american countries is directly linked to us foreign policy . 
  no , just like i said , just major events . 
  you are just as condescending as you portray me . 
  and i think i perfectly understood what he meant , i just disagree with it , because , well i can , ca n't i ? 
  and as i said , this is an important event of the 20th century . 
  op not knowing about it does n't make it any less important . 
  bon courage !, 
  fais attention \u00e0 toi quand m\u00eame . 
  un match . 
  su-per . 
  oh yes , racism is huge in this country , and indigenous people were ( and are ? ), 
  considered as underdogs . 
  in paris it is very common to go out after work for a drink , but maybe not with your collegues . 
  i think french and english have different views on the topic mostly because of the way our domestic politics were built : our constitution is written in marble , whereas there is no written constitution in england , it is a sum of principles , more permeable to change . 
  excellent !, 
  pro tip , always have tissues with you !, 
  public toilets usually do n't have any toilet paper . 
  congrats , you have a strong stomach . 
  enjoy !, 
  you can go to orly for less than 2 $ taking the n22 . 
  depends from where you take it though . 
  count a little less than an hour to get there . 
  and three hours before is way too much , for a european flight , if you do n't have anything to register ( and even if you have to ) , two hours is more than enough . 
  yes !, 
  when i was a student in toulouse , one of the bouncer was a woman . 
  she was n't tall or muscular , but very intimidating , she had a lot of tatooes and an iroquois hair cut , i guess she was friend with all the bouncers of the place who were from the same motorcycle club i think . 
  one night , a drunk guy was being agressive in front of the bar , she gave him a sick high kick , it was beautiful and frightening at the same time . 
  does she still work here ? 
  do n't forget `` moncuq '' , which can be phonetically translated as `` my ass '' . 
  in narrow streets , be carreful with people opening the driver 's car without looking . 
  you remind me of this bar in montmartre , a pub , where the bartender would only adress me in english . 
  edit : compr\u00e9hension, 
  a lunatic in a big city you say ? 
  better ask the good people of paris , no wait , the good people of france to give you an apology , for this and ze broken english , most of all . 
  and a friend of mine was assaulted with a knife in sf . 
  i 'm the only frenchman who talked to you here , mind . 
  talk about generalizing . 
   perhaps this is just how french people treat women ? 
  no , this is how we say `` hello '' . 
  catcall is on another level here , and peruvian men can be pretty insistant . 
  if you are unlucky enough to be blond , you 'll be very `` solicitated '' . 
  if you stay on the tracks , you will be fine , but i 'd recommend that you find yourself travel buddies if you can . 
  be extra carreful with taxis and transportation , this is by far the moment when you 'll be the most defenseless . 
  without being alarmist , try to catch `` safe '' taxis as much as you can . 
  the fact that you speak spanish is a huge advantage , you are less likely to be ripped off !, 
  all in all , pay attention to your surrounding and enjoy !, 
  damn, 
  nope . 
  and this is the worst . 
  what a great way to beggin your trip in paris . 
  crappy buses get attacked because they stop for whoever ask to get in along the way , so the driver can earn a few soles for himself . 
  people getting on the bus midway are not registered , nor have their photo taken when the bus depart . 
  on buses like cruz del sur , you have to be registered , you have you photo taken for the authorities at the beggining of the journey , and the bus ** does n't stop ** for people along the way . 
  a cause de la fumette . 
  one day i witnessed a young kid asking in a shop : `` dame una inka kola '' , without a hello , please , thank you goodbye . 
  the shopowner did n't say a thing though , but where i 'm from , he would have been told to fuck righ off . 
  in fact , i witness this kind of behaviour daily , be with children or grown up . 
  to be fair , eventhough i agree on some things you say ( transportation mostly ) , your article does n't sound a bit humoristic . 
  it 's just whiny . 
  t'es landais ? 
  anecdote . 
  i 'd say that you should be carefull around the eiffel tower , maybe around the sacr\u00e9 coeur as well , but appart from that , no problem at all . 
  habile . 
  fuis la version fran\u00e7aise de game of thrones , c'est indigeste au possible .
