  i do n't hear from you ? 
  i 'll keep on with my life . 
  almost feel like it 's a pain in the ass to go on a date . 
  on sale , on poivre , et on arrose de piment d\u2019espelette ou de paprika \u00e0 l'envie . 
  i have a vegetarian friend living in per\u00fa . 
  she got fed up with being brought food with meat after being told it was vegetarian , so now whenever she wants to know if there is any real vegetarian food on the menu , she asks `` que plato tiene que no tenga un animal muerto a dentro ? '', 
  everything in-between lima and puno , you 'll be just fine without any reservation and booking , but you should definitely book accomodation and transportation from puno ( take a plane , you 'll save time ) to cuzco . 
  i did kind of the same trip with my folks , and 2 weeks seem perfect . 
  save at least 4 days for cuzco and the machu picchu though . 
  but the way i see it : lima , 2 days . 
  huacachina , 1 day . 
  arequipa , 1 day . 
  titicaca , 2 days . 
  cuzco and machu picchu , 3 to 4 days . 
  there you have 12 full days of activity , and 3 full days of bus trip if you need them . 
  again , i definitelly recommend that you take a plane from puno to cuzco , the sights get old pretty fast and its a long long journey . 
  protip : when in puno , take a speedboat to reach the island , the tiny and cheap boats take 3 f ***** g hours each way , you 'll waste time and have to suffer the guide leading you through the island like a herd of sheep , speeding all along to get on the boat on the other side as fast as possible . 
  sunset is at 6pm and they do n't have any lights on the boats . 
  i 'm french , and a few years ago , while i lived abroad , i was invited to a `` cheese and wine '' party by an american friend . 
  i was so happy for the opportunity to finally get to eat proper cheese and wine after several months of privation that i decided to break the bank : i went to a very poch and expensive supermarket to buy a bordeaux wine , real baguettes and real french cheese ( i honnestly do n't remember which one ) . 
  when i got to the party , i was proud as a ( french ) peacock , happy to share a little part of my culture with some foreigners and to discover what the other guests would have brought . 
  the other guests brought cheap white wine in tetra pack , crackers and philadelphia cheese . 
  i still shiver only thinking about it . 
  this was in peru , for some reason philadelphia cheese is everywhere over there . 
  but the guests were definitely from the us . 
  nooooooooooooooooooooo ... 
  kidding , i 'll get over it . 
  maybe . 
  no doubt , i 'm pretty curious about trying some of your cheeses , and surely will do when i visit !, 
  pourquoi devenir violent ? 
  definitely the titicaca . 
  there are plenty of countries with sand dunes , but the titicaca is found only in one place . 
  a few weeks ago , i called that girl i had n't seen in a while , because i wanted get laid . 
  i was in luck , so did she . 
  but when she got to my place , i realized that i did n't like her face that much after all . 
  when she undressed , i realized that i did n't like her body either . 
  the sex was terrible , i wanted to be anywhere but near her . 
  next morning , when she told me to `` come and fuck her '' , i replied `` no '' . 
  never heard of her since then . 
  at least i did n't have to say to her that ** i ** did n't want to see her anymore and to explain why . 
  ouch . 
  so much this , i live in a developping country , and there is trash everywhere . 
  last time someone posted a photo in this sub of a parisian street to illustrate how `` dirty '' it was , i was like `` come on , really ? '' . 
  definitelly a question of perspective . 
  i got 20 right !, 
  i basically suck at everything that is inbetween the coast lines , and the tiny states of the north east are a pain in the ass to remember . 
  i feel like it 's not that bad . 
  i know almost half of the states of this country , when i know 3 or 4 for brazil and even less for russia , also federations of states . 
  i 'm european , i though it was kind of obvious since i was replying to / u/plexust . 
  one of my boss will pass my door , salute me , i salute him , and then he stands awkwardly in the doorway for a good 15 seconds without saying a word , but looking at me straight in the eyes . 
  eventually he will come to say something , but it will be intersected with long `` erhmmmm '' while he is thinking about what to say next . 
  i always cringe so much after he is gone . 
  i just want to shake him and scream `` say something or gtfo you freak !, 
  i never said you were trolling . 
  besides , you just proved my point and / u/julesssss 's one . 
  i 'll assume that you pressed the wrong `` answer '' button . 
  once in a famous foodchain restaurant , after i just ordered , i saw a mice passing just behind the cashier . 
  i told the cashier about it . 
  he simply answered `` oh yes , we know '' . 
  i ate my burger anyway , but i 'm never coming back . 
  a friend of mine worked in a hostel , without a carnet de extranjeria , while traveling . 
  doable , but you wont make a lot of moeny , if any . 
  her adoptive parents are pretty selfish and shitty persons i might say . 
  i know two persons who were adopted ( one of them from senegal , one of them from peru ) who were able to connect with their families once they became grown adults . 
  they were of course happy to know who their biological parents were , but more that anything , they were happy that they were not raised by them but by their adoptive parents . 
  they came back home happy and thankful . 
  why would n't they tell her , seriously ? 
  the working mentality can be a bit shitty in some working environnment , but it 's a loophole created by the very persons working there . 
  i worked at a company as a trainee in paris for a few months , and even the ceo was sometimes leaving before i did , and i 'm talking 7pm . 
  so you see , staying at work until it 's night time is not the rule everywhere . 
  if your work is done , just go . 
  `` pr\u00e9sent\u00e9isme '' is a huge thing in france . 
  well , i see that as another argument to not stay late at work : there will still be plenty of work tomorrow , and staying until 10 p.m. wo n't change that . 
  and they do n't speak the same way in the north of france and in the south . 
  still french . 
  in the north of france , they speak an idiom , but the official language is still french . 
  i hear every morning on the radio someone from the main police syndicate trying to defend those guys . 
  their best line of defense so far was : `` that can not be , i refuse to believe a cop would do that '' . 
  i wonder how a juge could counter that argument . 
  je reformule . 
  paris is the most visited city in the world . 
  this brings problems that are not found in other places . 
  huge crowds of tourist attract thiefs . 
  so , after all those fruitful exchanges , have you make up your mind ? 
  ahah ok , but i 'd like to remind you that your argument of `` french people being assholes '' is made after some comments formulated by a dozen of users of reddit , and not all of them are even french . 
  have a good one in iceland !, 
  i just realised that the camouflage used is strangely similar to the background of the sea in sponge bob . 
  ama . 
  the american and english prisonners were treated way better than the french in that matter , since they were still in the fight . 
   but the french though ... yeah they were n't too nice to their pow 's ... 
  wait , the french had prisonners ' camp during wwii ? 
  could you give me some info to help me do some research ? 
  where were those camps ? 
  are we talking about camps prior to the french defeat ? 
  created after the landing of the 6th of june 1944 ? 
  were they in the colonies ( indochina or maghreb ) ? 
  thanks in advance . 
  edit : or are you talking about vichy 's camps ? 
  win-win !, 
  if she did n't like paris , i would n't recommend marseille .
