  your comment is quite refreshing . 
  i feel like all the people who had a good time in paris are somehow barred to enter this sub by a huge and scary doorman with a `` paris sucks '' t-shirt . 
  i 'm french , and from my point of view , people in peru for exemple are straight rude . 
  as are some tourists i met in paris who just could n't bother to learn a little bit of our \u00e9tiquette . 
  it all comes down to culture and how well you can handle someone else 's culture . 
   went to the louvre at 2pm on a tuesday . 
  it was closed . 
  you went there the only day of the week when museums close . 
  too bad , you should have checked . 
  i really do n't understand the bakerie thing ? 
  there is one in every corner in paris , you should just have asked . 
  yeah stupid foreigners refusing to speak my language in their own country . 
  can you believe it ? 
  marseille is known to be a pretty dirty city , petty crime can be high and it is one of the poorest city in france . 
  there are quite a few beautiful things to see in and around marseille , but if you did n't like paris for its dirtyness or because you felt unsafe , you wo n't have a better time in marseille . 
  fortunately , there are a few number of beautiful cities in france !, 
  france is a country with a rich culture and spectacular cuisine . 
  it saddens me when people have a bad time in paris and decide that they will never come back to france . 
   anywhere else in the world people attempt to meet in a middle ground . 
  where have you travelled if i may ask ? 
  i could point you a number of countries where people have 0 knowledge of english . 
  france is a little bit different in that matter : france has one of the weakest level of english in europe but people are also pretty proud of their language . 
  in term of beauty , i 'd say rome or praha . 
  it 's like walking in an open air museum . 
  in terms of vibe , rio . 
  i loved that there was music everywhere , the chill people , the mountains , the sounds of flip flops . 
  also , you live by the sea and the mountains . 
  with the same train ticket you take to go to work , you can go to the beach on the week end . 
  `` le petit train '' at the bois de boulogne might be a cool thing to do with a 5y/o . 
  there is a little attraction parc as well there , but after disneyland , it might appear a little bit boring to your little one . 
  the jardin des plantes has a tropical greenhouse and a zoo that is pretty cool , for adults and children alike . 
  there is a hot air balloon at the parc andre citro\u00ebn , for an incredible view of the city . 
  and the bateau-mouche is always fun and entertaining . 
  you save yourself from a lot of walking and can see most of the highsighs of paris in a little bit more than an hour . 
  there are snails available in some supermarkets , it 's not that uncommon in paris at least . 
  it 's a regional dish though , so may not be available in most parts of france . 
   i do n't see the controversy in this . 
  because she knew she would have to wear a scarf , but she pretended moments before meeting the mufti that she had no idea about that . 
  so she planned to cancel the meeting , as a move towards her electoral base in france . 
  france inter , le journal de 13h : https://www.franceinter.fr/programmes, 
  la version `` flemme '' de `` d\u00e9cortiqu\u00e9es '' j' imagine . 
  everyone claiming that everything will go smooth and that peruvians are `` used to that '' . 
  see you at the checking counter then , with your 10kg and 55x40x20 cabin lugage . 
  for info , ryanair asks 10 $ for any extra kilo . 
  if everyone got screwed over in europe when those companies were created , peruvians wo n't do any better . 
  no need to play the victim card . 
  and good for you if you understand the rules and do n't try to argue with the staff of this company , i never had any problems neither . 
  but there were tons of complaints at first because people though that like with a normal company , you could `` bargain '' one or two extra kilos . 
  it does n't work with them . 
  i 'm not concerned , i 'm amused in advance . 
  it may look sketchy but it is not dangerous . 
  i miss my cat :'(, 
  someone who is not into physical exercice . 
  not that i 'm looking for someone who is hitting the gym everyday , but i like my partners to be in shape . 
  plus , i realized that during vacations , i like to be very active . 
  i would be bored to death with someone only wanting to stay at the hotel pool all the time . 
  people with stroller usually take the bus , it is easier to everyone this way . 
  there is a reserved area in every bus for stroller and wheelchair that you do n't have in the metro . 
  well , how is that surprising coming from an imported product ? 
  i have shivers when i look at the prices of cheese here in peru . 
  if you were raised with the taste of peruvian `` cheese '' , i have no doubt that indeed you were not prepared . 
  whenever i watch sport with girls , they will comment on the players ' appearance . 
  chill , it goes both ways . 
  it 's not irrational everywhere . 
  if you got to countries where meat is scarce and seen as a luxury , veganism is nonsense . 
  i 'm thinking about the andean region , where a lot of tourists ask for vegans menus . 
  anyway , i 'm all for it in paris , no problem . 
  i should have said `` veganism is seen as a nonsense by the general population of those places '' . 
  like i said after that , i 'm talking about the andes , a region i know . 
  over there , not everyone as the chance to eat meat and undernutrition is very common amongst childs . 
  so when those people meet a tourist who does n't eat meat , it baffles them . 
  awesome , ill make sure i go there when i go back to paris . 
  and a bite n ' a pas d\u2019\u0153il . 
  i remember once , i was in a bus between paris and brussel , whatching this movie on my laptop . 
  the guy sitting next to me was from the us . 
  he asks me `` what is that movie you are watching ? 
  it 's looks good '' . 
  me : `` it 's dr. strangelove , it 's about a nuclear attack between the us and the ussr '' . 
  us guy : `` wow , i had no clue about this attack , when did it happen ? 
  thank you for naming this plate the correct way . 
  - a snob french . 
  paywall . 
   apparently bush planned to bomb [ chile ] to start the iraq war . 
  a source , pretty please ? 
  a councelor of george w. bush suggested to bomb south america then ? 
  that 's quite a big difference . 
  btw , your article is behind a paywall , would you mind copying it in the comment section ? 
   adding something else : exchanging xmas gifts on xmas eve , not on xmas day, 
  when i was a child and christmas was still a big thing in my family , we exchanged gifts on chrismas eve with the close family , and on christmas day we had an extended gathering with cousins , uncles and such , and there were more gifts exchange . 
  works the other way around . 
  be prepared to suffer heavy looks of disaproval if you dare to cross when it 's red for pedestrians in germany . 
  fun times . 
  yeah , fuck you basil . 
  merci beudy . 
  say you are a resident , do n't go through check-in ( do it at home ) , tada !, 
  i guess , they export it through callao . 
  that if we ran out of oil during a trip , we would be stuck where we were with no possibility to go back home . 
   they are n't very charismatic, 
  i find it to be pretty positive , as it tends to respect the original characters . 
  valerian is quite the average guy in the comic , and a lot of side characters make fun of him for it , some even hitting on laureline in front of him .
