  but for me ghost to is better . 
  i 'm on my phone sorry i could n't edit the wall of text and have fun with tryndamere, 
  except guinsoo you are good to go, 
  if you wan na have fun try learning trynda , but if you seriously want to climb just pick some meta champs , jungler or mid preferred . 
  trynda is not a insta win champion , if your game knowledge is lacking . 
  you wo n't be able to use trynda in full potential . 
  maybe this sounds silly since everyone says trynda is a no brainer champ then why there is only a handful trynda mains ? 
  cuz playing trynda on high level needs more than a riven, 
  so make your choice : climb or have fun . 
  if you chose trynda it will take some time to get good at it be warned, 
  if you ask me it 's not that cost efficient . 
  just buy qss and keep on building your normal build . 
  finish it as 4th item, 
  dorans shield , 3x lifesteal quinn s , mercs as boots . 
  check what he lvl up first if it 's blind build rage and fck him up at lvl 1 , if it 's poison build rage and all in as well . 
  2nd way is hugging tower and baiting him to get 1 turret shot . 
  you got no idea how many times this worked for me . 
  just laugh or use taunts under the turret 1 turret shot is all we need for killing that fckng satan, 
  the problem is his knock back , its bugged . 
  when you try to spin behind him he just knocks you back where you started your spin . 
  why it 's not like a vayne knock back . 
  this makes me really annoyed other than that he got no sustain try to poke him and all in to him at some point, 
  ah man if only it was that easy . 
  she lives in norway and i 'm here in 3rd world country turkey . 
  on top of that i still got 2.5 years of university . 
  so the only thing we can do as date is playing video games , which we are already doing . 
  i do n't want to limit her you know . 
  i just want her to be happy , with me or without me . 
  just go try arma 3 or cities skylines or any cpu based games and see the jump at fps, 
  poke the shit out of him , he might be tanky but he dont have sustain that you have , early lvls are even easier . 
  just dont engage with your e , you will spin to him after he flips you . 
  2nd way is that if you know how to control minions try to let him push and stop the minions near your tower so it will be a easy gank for your jungle sinse most singeds have ghost not flash, 
  well well well back in seson 1 b4 they nerfed the armor pen runes ( back in that days it gave you 25 armor pen from runes ) . 
  it was great , some of the adcs back then had like 19 armor at lvl 1 so you literally deal true dmg to them , late game when you have like all items you could just ignore buing last whisper and get another blood for 40 % lifesteal :p ahh good old days . 
  but now i dont thing that you can do it . 
  since att speed is so important and there is plenty of items gives armor pen so no need i guess, 
  story of my life :(, 
  lol yea that was me , i made it at season 2 or 3 when lolking was new site for builds . 
  oh man that guide was made just for fun and got 900k views , [ lol i found it ] ( http://image.prntscr.com/image/8f712083ddae4a14af24e7ec11542811.png ) . 
  im sorry if you spend your time and read it :p, 
  ahaha i 'm glad that you liked it . 
  this totally makes my day :p, 
  not bad man , you got only 7 days to end of the season so just chill , have fun and try to beat your anxiety of playing ranked ( if you have any ) . 
  even though i got 20 fps , i manage to have fun from apex , so i call worth it for the money . 
  classic skin tryndamere will always play worse compared to other trynda skins . 
  and from what i see, 
  king  warring kingdom  sultan  nightmare  highlander  demon blade  viking, 
  as a trynda main , got all the skins for trynda and that line up is how you can find out if your trynda will feed or carry . 
  bigger sword wins so play tryndamere , ask any yasuo main what tilts you the most they will reply tryndamere . 
  but why ? 
  cuz he ca n't get away from us . 
  trynda w does n't get blocked by windwall . 
  secondly we got bork if w is over he still ca n't get away . 
  thirdly let 's say he knock trynda up and ult , tryndamere got 5 seconds of heavy metal anime comeback = yasuo dead . 
  im supriced that nobody mentions yasuo , im a gold scrub so maybe all the yasuo 's i played was boosted animals but once my pc crashed i come to lane after 6 mins and yasuo was lvl 6 . i build my rage , get lvl 3 and killed him thanks to 1 turret shot ... 
  seriously yasuo got nothing to counter trynda . 
  i only lost once to a yasuo with was totally my mistake but late game i was still able to 3 shot his ass, 
  well yea tank yasuo biuld is total cancer , but if there is no minions around i still think trynda got the upper hand, 
  it 's still too early to say anything reliable about tryndamere but all this assassin 's update makes me feel like we will have some problem at chasing this assassin 's . 
  i only saw the kata and talon video and the amount of jumps is higher than basketball match, 
  masteries looks better for us , i 'm only sad that rito did n't touch warlord but meh ,, 
  [ according to this link ] ( http://www.riftherald.com/lol-patch-notes/2016/11/2/13502788/lol-masteries-season-7-new-changes ) , fervor now gives ad , not physical dmg on hit . 
  this means we can crit with that bonus ad . 
  since our crits hit harder , our lifesteal will be better . 
  thats why i think it will be better for tryndamere, 
  first of all i suggest asking this question to r/pcmasterrace ,, 
  secondly i still couldnt understand what you want ( accuracy & speed ) ? 
  if your mouse doesnt malfunction it will point where you move to your mouse , if you want speed you need to increase it from ingame settings or from windows mouse settings ( i would prefer lol settings tho ) . 
  and what about the windowed mode ? 
  if you play on windowed mode the game resolution will drop so your mouse will seem like traveling faster than the full screen , but actually your mouse is traveling at same speed you decrease the area that it needs to travel so it seems faster . 
  lol is not a good game to play on windowed mode anyway ^ cuz ^ you ^ cant ^ see ^ the ^ ^ mini ^ ^ map ^ ^ ^ !, 
  sorry if i totally miss the meaning of the question tho , asking it to r/pcmasterrace will be much better, 
  you miss the point that only trynda and adc 's got crit chance nearly all other toplaners who use fervor dont crit so this is why its better for trynda, 
  this is the last week of the season and there are so many boosters around . 
  maybe you were unlucky and had some diamond boosters at your elo * inb4 he says he is diamond *, 
  well these are still pre season changes , who knows what will rito do when the real season starts, 
  looking for a new country to live , this one is kaputt . 
  if any country wants me pm me . 
  i would love to go norway tho got so many norwegian friends there . 
  for 2 years they are telling me to move to norway . 
  if only i could just leave everything behind ; university , home , family , friends . 
  sorry atat\u00fcrk we the young ppl couldnt protect your republic . 
  this match up is actually easy if you keep the track of the cooldowns , biggest problem here is dodging his ranged q and this is actually your time to shine , if you dodge it and his speed gate is vanished just walk to him do not spin to him . 
  at this point he got 2 choise, 
  back off and give you space to farm and waits for his cds, 
  he will transform and attacks you, 
  if he chose 1 then he is a good jayce player who respects your dmg . 
  you need a jungler to kill this dude . 
  if he choose 2 after he knocks you back just spin to him land your slow and crit the shit out of him . 
  dont forget that he dont have sustain so repeat this tactic and you will kill him no time, 
  but how to kill the good jayce you may ask . 
  this is where cds come in . 
  jayces raw dmg comes from his both melee and ranged q 's . 
  so whenever he uses them try to trade fast than back off . 
  again repeat this process and use the bushes to get rid of the ranged auto attacks you now old tactics . 
  for starting item doran 's shield will do the job but i like to go for doran 's blade or even standart long sword 3 pots time to time, 
  b4 the jayce buffs it was one of the easiest matchup , after the buffs he is ok but its not the hardest . 
  since trynda is god at melee range jayce cant try to duel at melee right ? 
  that leaves him to stick to his ranged form and if you manage to dodge his q you will have your oppotunity to engage at him . 
  let him put a ward in the bush , that means he cant ward the river for 1 min,
