  2 ) how many times could they reach the bomb sides ? 
  3 ) how did they feel when they saw the first enemy fighter who reached 3500m in 20 sec ? 
  1 game before i couldnt kill a tempest for a good 40 sec chase ; and now me and my gunners beccome the aim kings, 
  ( i also got thr replay but i cant make a video with my potato pc if anyone interested pm me ), 
  so after our beloved games company introduce us this magnificent boosters . 
  i figure out that im not good at using them effectively . 
  so im asking for help . 
  teach me how to use the boosters properly, 
  1 ) which game mode ? 
  2 ) which tier ? 
  3 ) air or ground ? 
  ty for reading, 
  the admin was using m320 on a 7 vs 7 rush so its impossible for us to get in i told him stop it and he started swearing in french after that he banned me for no reason . 
  my friend said that admin said some racist thing too . 
  so yeah this is what happens when little ppl get power, 
  [ here is the link ] ( http://www.replay.gg/?r=euw1&id=2305291958&key=anf9zwnz%2fwf7bd5tnfhbnmcsmiq7ifmr ), 
  i was the trynda top , and im totally unable to '' keep calm '' after seeing this team . 
  tell me what could i have done to prevent this, 
  note for the mods : if you want you can delete this post . 
  im not posting this for karma . 
  all i want is help . 
  as you all know criminal mastermind a bit hardcore so im looking for players to do all the heists and get that 2 million at the end . 
  add me from the game and i will host the all games, 
  before joining to games pls remember to buy armor and snack . 
  and save a heavy armor suit as outfit, 
  mic is also good if you have one . 
  idk if we can finish today but i want to start a new one on sunday, 
  gtm +3 ( im from turkey with decent english skills ), 
  sc : mrbeattbox, 
  i salute you pcmr community im a loyal pc user aswell and im a bit confused about what should i do for my pc, 
  first of all let me type my pc specs, 
  cpu : amd phenom ii x6 1100t be 3.3 ghz, 
  hdd : samsung 1tb 7200 rpm hd103sj, 
  psu : 550 or 600 watt ( but to be fair im not sure its xilence bluestorm case stock psu ), 
  so back to my questions :, 
  well roughly 6 year old pc ( gpu is 4 i guess ) im still able to open games like bf4 and gta 5 at 40 - 55 fps at full hd low quality, 
  but i want more so my questions :, 
  1 ) is it possible to get more out of this build by changing only 1 part ( budget is around 100-200 $ ), 
  2 ) should i make all new build with i5 6600k and gtx 970 or r9 390 ( next month i can use around 1100 $ for this ), 
  3 ) or wait for money worthy pc parts till summer like new nvidia gpu 's, 
  4 ) right now im actually trying to oc this cpu but whatever i do its always unstable after 3.8 ghz so anyone have any idea how to stablize it at abit higher and if its worth to overclock this cpu ? 
  i hope i give enough info about the pc . 
  if not please ask ty for sharing your time to read this badly written english which isnt my mother language . 
  [ removed ], 
  i love to play this game but this fps issue is just killing me , i dont have the best pc getting 20 fps on 60 man server with 2500 distance view . 
  all i want isatleast 30 fps and all i heard is apex dlc will fix this is it true ? 
  [ only champ i can think of is tryndamere , and if im right , i want that skin !!!, 
  hello everyone ;, 
  some of you may want to learn how to deal with bad start games and how to single handedly win games with trynda . 
  for a quite some time i was thinking about doing a good post about that and today i had a good oppotunity to do it sadly i dont have a replay tho :(, 
  so here is this example game, 
  [ and this is the result ( that challanger blitz rage tho :p ) ] ( http://image.prntscr.com/image/4ca7e6c0c6554f3f9724d1d048aacb88.png ), 
  [ and here is the match details open this while reading ] ( http://matchhistory.tr.leagueoflegends.com/tr/#match-details/tr1/416600766/181176/eog?tab=stats ), 
  just gon na summarize first 10 mins , i underestimate j4 and lee made a lvl 2 gang , and that put me really behind , j4 keep me away from farm and exp and at some point i was 1/6 at some point and after that point here things get interesting, 
  enemy team gets cocky and they group up at middle they took the turret and killed us but they overstayed so they let us to kill them, 
  so im just gon na type what if you were in this situation what should you do and what you should focus on ,, 
  so in this situation your team got really no money so focus on taking first turrets and tell your team to keep in group . 
  next think you want to check is enemy teams builds, 
  at min 20 only lee had armor against me so dont focus on lee stick with the other enemies, 
  trynda is known being bad at teamfights but actually this is missleading . 
  you need to aproach teamfights from sides not from the front or even from their back with your tp or with your ghost and what i did here aswell . 
  i just ghosted and killed their backline over and over . 
  after killing them always get objective but never over stay, 
  for now im just gon na finish it here since im out of thinks to say since this is trynda main sub so you guys know alot about the champ, 
  carrying with tryndamere is possible all you need to do is, 
  * do not rage ( dont even type at chat , you will carry alone no need for chatting ), 
  * focus on enemy builds and try to guess who you can kill with least amount of time . 
  * before 1 min to baron or dragon spawn push the other side of the map ( this will force enemy team to send someone to that tower ), 
  * and never ever give up, 
  alright here i am with my old pal 99 lvl account with no idea what this crates are and how am i suppose to earn ingame money ( which is gone ) and oh premium currency is gone aswell, 
  i hope freejam isnt serious about grinding from these crates . 
  it is totally unfair , time consuming and not fun to grind, 
  anyways my real question is, 
  can someone really explain me what happened to flyers ? 
  i got a flyer with wings and lots of engine but it feels really slow . 
  what did freejam did to my beloved plane man, 
  how am i gon na get this plane fast enough like the old days ? 
  hi everyone, 
  one of my friend gifted this game from steam to me so we can play together . 
  he rented a server , no mods or dlc . 
  i can find his server and i type the password and hit start . 
  when bottom line writes `` synchronizing with other players '' it gets stuck at some random % and i get the error msg of `` you have lost your connection to the game '' so after many of the tries i decided to try other servers and i couldnt join any other server aswell, 
  so the list of things i have tried, 
  * port forwarding, 
  * disable the firewall, 
  * flush ip , renew, 
  i hope some of you guys have the solution for this, 
  cheers, 
  im an ancient player so back in my days it was 100 but then they increased to 150 , yesterday thanks to double xp and premium i hit 150 but it still goes on :( where is it going to stop, 
  i kinda feel its a bit shit post so i want to ask a few more questions ,, 
  * is there any chard outside of the game that we can calculate energy curve . 
  * is it only me feels like epic flak cannon is a bit trash after they made the rare flak cannon ? 
  the stats are pretty good, 
  * and is there any plans of nerfing proto seekers ? 
  , god they are so annoying, 
  graves was easy , fun to play and reliable champion for botlane for years and as all we know riot changed him in to `` ranged jungler '' by gutting the adc graves . 
  i have an idea which can bring back the adc graves while keeping riots `` ranged jungler '' graves . 
  here is the thing, 
  ** what if we create basically a shotgun item for junglers and a machine gun item for adc **, 
  * shotgun will keep the jungler graves,
