  yep just get more cs then u will get s - or s, 
  5543 , gl everyone and ty for the giveaway op, 
  the question is should i wait for zen or go with skylake chips ? 
  i justwant to be able to play arma 3 and cities skylines, 
  if only my cpu was listed, 
  honestly speaking , learn how to win your lane without ignite , use your tp for bot gangs early game , late game just splitpush and when enemy team engages your team or when enemy sends 2 player to you . 
  getting dragon , rift herald or baron is easy with trynda this is how you can help your team most . 
  had g500 lazer died , bought g500s lazer does n't work well on cloth pad . 
  am i the only one suffered from this lazer ? 
  lookin for for a good replacement since i like how the mouse fits my hand and buttons are perfect . 
  would you guys suggest g502 ? 
  amd chips are bad for arma so oc the shit out of it , for single player you will get 50 + fps on high setting easy but multiplayer is another story . 
  servers effect your fps as well so with full server your fps will drop to 30 + . 
  but do n't be sad about it i 'm able to play at 20 fps and it 's not that bad * silently cries in the corner *, 
  if you lower some settings you can get 144 fps at 1440p no problem your build looks good , for monitor acer is making some good ones , from what i check , i can give some links when i got home, 
  it 's really nice effect , so bad that at the end of the boost it does n't light up the area as red flame, 
  hi brothers , my question is can gtx 1070 give enough performance for 3440x1440 100hz g sync monitor ? 
  story time : i 'm using dual monitor for about 2 years and i 'm really happy about it but the frames of the monitors bothers me so i 'm checking the new trend of ultra-wide monitors . 
  acer x34 fits my demands , but i 'm still looking for new monitors which is close to x34 's specs . 
  the pc i 'm going to build will be 6600k cpu with and decent motherboard 16 gb of ram , the only problem i got is the gpu . 
  i could n't be sure if 1070 would be powerful enough to handle ultra wide screen . 
  i play a lot of different games so let 's say gta 5 max settings as our test game , can any aftermarket 1070 can run it on that monitor without any problems ? 
  thank you for taking time and helping me out . 
  i guess you mean logitech g502 , you can download logitech gaming software and adjust your mouse dpi per game as profile . 
  your mouse got some programable buttons , you can also define new tasks for these buttons from there aswell . 
  if you let the program scan your games it can also download default profile settings for your games but i dont advise that cuz that game profiles are not well designed, 
  wow you are fast thank you \u2713 . 
  so this means i need to buy 1080 : / got ta work more . 
  * good quality mic, 
  * build quality + ergonomics, 
  * virtual surround sound, 
  these are my criterias at choosing a headphone for gaming , i dont have hyperx but some of my friends fine with them so its good i guess . 
  i would suggest looking for reviews aswell , try to set a budget and start checking the headphones with these criterias . 
  no problem , 
  i have seen that monitor it gorgeous and i agree i guess i should get 1080 , maybe asus strix 1080 . \u2713, 
  after seeing 1080p and 1440p side by side i 'm totally ok with that price difference , as a person who used variety of full hd monitors for over 8 years i think i need an upgrade . 
  but thank you for your suggestion \u2713, 
  yea i did the validating from steam and the result was all files were ok . will reinstalling will help after that ? 
  for 1440p it will be acer predator x34p it 's not out yet ( at least where i live ) will probably cost 1400 dollar but it 's not official as well . 
  i feel like i 'm not that much of a good help here :( but i really want a good 1440p ultra wide with at least 100 hz refresh rate only problem is they are damn expensive : /, 
  since you already got some att spd i would go ie, 
  lord dominiks is the only lw item i consider buying if enemy got 3 + tanks , since you wont be able to 1 shot someone in their team ( because 3 or more tanks will be between you and that apc or adc ) , you can try to mely down their front line faster than they melt your teams . 
  that is the only time you should buy lw item imo . 
  i have bought it once as 6th item . 
  my team was weak so i had to stay with them anyways i killed both adc and apc thanks to this item , mov.speed near towers is insane . 
  works really well at siege or defent situations so i can deffinetly suggest the item if you have to teamfight and its late game, 
  first of all if you consider crit dmg runes for serious games its not . 
  lack of att speed at early game is killing trynda really bad . 
  but if you wan na have fun its soo fun to play with all crit dmg runes you wont be able to win trades really early but 1 lucky crit will do 250 dmg :p . 
  whenever this first crit hits them they always back off for a sec its so funny to watch their reactions to it . 
  when you get 4 items ( which should be ie + statik + pd + blood ) you start to literally 1 shot ppl . 
  its soooo satisfying to deal 1100 - 1200 crit so i definetly approve :p, 
  its kinda hard to help out your team with trynda if they are behind , since you are not the best teamfighter you just cant stay with them and force 5 vs 5 fight . 
  this kind of situations happened alot to me and because of this experience now i can forecast what will happen even at champion select . 
  here is what i do when i feel team will fail hard :, 
  * get tp as summoners spell, 
  * b4 min 5 try get a kill or force toplaner to use tp, 
  * recall , kill dragon with your jungler , tp top, 
  * around min 10 - 15 kill top or make him use tp then coordinate with your jungler and get rift herald, 
  * go top push the lane recall and kill the 2nd dragon alone when it spawns, 
  * take down all the remaining first turrets, 
  this is the best case senario ofc but it will definetly help out your team at early to mid game alot, 
  first of all you need to win lanes without ignite , tp is literally soloq winning spell . 
  secondly only take the fist tower and then focus on other objectives like draon or other first turrets at other lanes because staying at 2nd tower area is actually too deep ( thats what she said ) . 
  enemy can just organise a 3 man gank on you and that equals death . 
  boxerpete 's playstyle is teamfight oriented . 
  his build and his spells are for teamfighting aswell . 
  which is understandable since you cant just split push all day at challanger elo . 
  but lower than diamond elo players dont react that well to split push or they underestimate you so i can suggest trying tp full split push, 
  depending on your elo your team may or may not know how to coordinate split push tactic and thats understandable . 
  i have tried to type in chat soo many times what they should do but its solo q they dont listen so i would suggest try to tell them what they should do if they dont listen just give up on trying to explain . 
  its just waste of time . 
  my hd 7850 died 10 days ago , and i wont be able to buy pc till new year so yeah . 
  ty for this give away and u/koji _ cz seems he needs it more than me so yeah . 
  best community ever, 
  23 , civil engineer student from turkey , no gf : / but there is one who i talk with . 
  she is nice to me but im too shy to ask her . 
  played wow for only 1 month and felt like its not for me but she is playing it right now so i might start again . 
  i play alot of different games like lol , war thunder , robocraft , gtav , bf4 , cities skylines and rocket league . 
  since my gpu died 2 weeks ago im only able to play lol on my old laptop . 
  send help pls :p, 
  543 , hmm color might be dark red . 
  and ty for the giveaway gon na use it when i bought my 1200 $ pc, 
  man pls this is torture , you make me wan na buy a ultra wide 1440p monitor : / all of the wallpapers looks glorious , * i really need to earn some money *, 
  i 'm using 1100t with 3.8 ghz and with an old motherboard + hd 7850 i was able to get 60 fps at full hd medium - high settings at gta v ( at online 50 - 65 ) . 
  never tried recording at gta v but u assume it will be around 40 fps at medium . 
  but cities skylines is whole different story , cpu bottle neck makes it unplayable at some point , i got some decent mods at c : s 120k city max zoom out gives 30 fps min . 
  my friend with similar gpu gets 60 with his i5 6600k base clock . 
  so my suggestion is go for intel i5 cpu, 
  yep op exaturated the situation about greece but from what i know thanks to my greek friends i ca n't say that he is 100 % wrong . 
  greece is definitely not a 3rd world country . 
  if so turkey must be 4th or 5th :p . as a teenager i like how he is able to understand what 's going on with his country and we should all appreciate that . 
  stay strong kom\u015fu, 
  what i like to do is buying black cleaver into old build . 
  static  boots ( depends on team )  vampiric  black cleaver  pd  ie  blood or bork . 
  do n't force yourself to build in exact order , everything is dependent on the enemy team . 
  for runes i got a wierd combination of life steal , ad , att speed . 
  for masteries i use both warlords and fervor , both of them have a strong side . 
  but i suggest fervor for a beginner to win early game easy . 
  again for a beginner flash ignite is really good .
