  not all turks are able to learn good level of english as well since government is busy with opening more religious high schools . 
  and cuz of the language barrier we are kinda forced to play in this closed box called `` turkey '', 
  say hi whenever you see one turk . 
  we are not terrorist or anything . 
  in fact we are the one of the most `` terrorist-hater '' nation on earth i can guarantee it . 
  cheers from one random turk . 
   ot well , terrorist-haters for what ? 
  hating kurds ? 
  i visit turkey often because of my work , and i will always remember how some of our very wealthy customers in istanbul were all pro-daesh because they kill the kurds . 
  interesting , what 's their opinion now ? 
  we purely hate terrorism , and terrorism do not have ethnicity . 
  that means if a terrorist kills innocent ppl and police shoots that terrorist i would not feel sorry for that terrorist . 
  he might be kurd , turk , arab or any ethnicity . 
  i dont give a fuck about that bastard . 
  so some ppl get angry and make this situation etnic ( like your costumers ), 
  total kurds living in turkey = 14 million minimum , total terrorist in pkk is aro 30 k , and even im half kurd how we can blame terrorism on all kurds . 
  sorry but your costumers are asses, 
  and we are back to armenian genocide , i just want to ask why do you think ottoman empire decide to kick the armenians out of the anatolia . 
  cuz they attacked so many villages at north east . 
  one of that villages were my grand grand fathers . 
  that horsed armenian guerillas beheaded grand grand fathers mother . 
  throwed his sister in to well . 
  but nobody cares about it . 
  ppl only care about armenians , im not denying the 2 million death of armenian ppl and im sorry about it but first ppl need to understand what caused that, 
  [ here you can watch this ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fb1imba-hju ), 
  since this topic is gone way off im gon na end it here if you have any more questions feel free to pm . 
  take care everyone and sorry for bad writing i didnt had time to write it properly . 
  cheers from one random turk, 
   peace at home , peace in the world - mustafa kemal atat\u00fcrk, 
  when we all notice we are all human , everything will be really nice . 
  we cant change the dark past but future is there waiting for us to eat kebab together :p, 
  i didnt get what you mean could you explain ? 
  you are always welcome at / r/tryndameremains, 
  but to your question , its a skill match up basicly you need to do is keep your rage bar up and use w when she engages . 
  ( i like to lvl w twice just for more ad reduction ) get lifesteal quins or armor since she dont do magical dmg and since you are trynda main i guess this info will be enough for you . 
  old graves was my one and only go to champ since season 2 but this rework just killed him like literally he is not adc anymore , save yourself and dont play him , there is no consistency with it so just leave it man, 
  its easy lets say you took outer turret ;, 
  you can even get dragon single handedly so do that, 
  you can directly go midlane or tp botlane after you get the turret, 
  if its around 15 min you can try to get rift with your junglers help and push even more, 
  before you rush to inhib turret make sure your team got all of the enemy outer turrets , its just easy global money, 
  for group ups you can try to tp behind enemy and make a sandwich , basicly what you need to do is wait for their main cc . 
  after that you can make the clean up . 
  hmm as a noob male ; what is kegel ? 
  ^ i ^ know ^ i ^ can ^ google ^ but ^ im ^ afraid ^ it ^ can ^ be ^ something ^ wtf ^ material, 
  what is las lagunas app ? 
  i wish i could just pack my bag and leave . 
  but as a student its feels impossible . 
  when i was kid i loved this country ; ppl were kind , our biggest problem was some rocks between us and greece , sometimes f-16s from both sides dogfights over sea and next day our newspapers will be full with f-16 pictures . 
  as a kid this was my dream job , being a fighter pilot, 
  but now that same f-16s pass low and does sonic boom to frieghten their own ppl . 
  this change is made in only 10-15 years . 
  as an atheist person this country is not safe anymore . 
  got some friends at norway and they want me to move there but i cant ... its really sad and unfair situation . 
  i dont wan na leave my country to this brainless , uncultored , uneducated monkey like creatures, 
  i tried to explain them that erdogan is the worst thing happened to the country in turkish history . 
  but their closed box brains dont get it and im out of ideas how to explain this to the ppl who worship erdogan, 
  world please send help ( not like you did to iraq , invading wont change anything except oil resources ), 
  sultan tryndamere  cuz from the day i start playing trynda ( its like middle of season 1 ) i always felt like man this guy needs a janissaries skin who else uses big curved sword better than turks :p, 
  since trynda do n't have stun like riven you ca n't really roam like rivens style , but since you got flash you can do towerdives to midlane . 
  but you got something rivens do n't have , sustainable damage , use this to get dragons or rift heralt . 
  you can to bot kill them and get dragon . 
  if enemy did this before you , call for help to get rift heralt while they are busy at bot . 
  and do n't tp bot if you see enemy top tps botlane 80 % of the time you will be able to get more objectives then them . 
  you just need to learn what to do at different situations, 
  thats why only thing we the turks need is education really good education . 
  this ppl are not isis terrorists , they are good ppl inside . 
  they only need a good education but erdo\u011fan is just opening religious high schools so he will increase islamist people which is loyal to him . 
  future of this country is really dark ... 
  alright as a turk i can say both healthcare and education system is totally trash , if you mean getting appointment from internet is great progress sorry to say but any goverment would do that easilly btw its not even working perfectly there are queues till end of the 2017 right now such a great progress isnt it . 
  what about education progress , while we need more doctors , engineers , teachers erdo\u011fans great goverment keeps opening `` imam hatip '' schools cuz we definitely need `` imams '' . 
  university entrance exam is another proof for this , every year its getting much easier but still the amount of students fail the getting limit point increases just check it out . 
  please dont tell me the generic `` but he build roads '' thing , im a civil engineer student and you got no idea whats going on about that roads . 
  goverment uses their loyal companies like `` cengiz \u0130n\u015faat '' with huge money gap between what should it cast to build and what company offers . 
  open your eyes my friend , this goverment is worse than any enemy combined . 
  so you mean start a civil war ? 
  hell no , education is the way we should follow , i said it earlier this ppl are not bad ppl cuz they think erdogan is a good person . 
  why they think that ? 
  cuz they are not educated enough to understand whats `` really '' going on turkey . 
  they believe to erdogan cuz he is using islam as a manipulation . 
  making this uneducated ppl to believe they have to vote for erdogan cuz all other parties are `` infidel '', 
  if we manage to educate these people everything will change . 
  but idk how we gon na do it, 
  well erdo\u011fan is the one who is brainwashing , what i mean with education is stoping this brainwashing and teaching the ppl science , literature , history and real religion not the one which erdo\u011fan is teaching at his schools . 
  thats what we must du as turks but idk how we gon na make it, 
  i agree with your class changes but if you ask me prices are fine why ? 
  because other than cars there is not much thing you can buy , and if you are good at game you can find some ppl to do criminal mastermind and 10 million $ would be enough for any car you want, 
  still im not sure r * will listen us tho but upvoted ^ ^, 
  yep he is using islam very well , and we dont have a really strong opposition party since 14 years . 
  uneducated ppl thinks he is ok cuz he build some roads , but they dont see the big picture and this is why we are at this bad situation . 
  well atat\u00fcrk did it 90 years ago , and back in that days we were much worse point than now so its not impossible it seems . 
  [ watch this till you stop thinking getting my city back :p ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gi0rt0slfy4 ), 
  what makes you think its npc ? 
  its clearly top of a building, 
  turk here , south side of turkey seems fine . 
  only dangerous places are big cities like istanbul and ankara . 
  dalaman is a small cute place , before this country becomes new iran this is your best chance to visit turkey . 
  but keep an eye on news so many things can happen in few weeks . 
  cheers from turkey, 
  hao and fwii are one of the best trynda mains for anyone who dont know them,
