  [ i have waited years , retirement days are close my good old pal hd 7850 ] ( http://i.imgur.com/zbvhryk.png ), 
  this needs to go to / r/photoshopbattles, 
  patience bro if its not urgent wait till june new cards gon na announced current cards will drop on price, 
  mb you should ask this question to / r/pcmasterrace they are the gods of pc, 
  yep my face was just like that when this happened 2 days ago, 
  anybody got source for the infos about the upcoming update ? 
  shift al mani time - https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=j36ccur-eqc, 
  ppl who jokes about this ... i hope one of your relative , your friend , anyone you know will die like this , maybe after than you will grow up, 
  as trynda main it will make trynda god of tower dive ( which he is already , but even more ), 
  around lvl 6-9 trynda can tower dive and kill the opponent but the ulti finishes and the last turret hit deals around 310-320 dmg so even if you press q it wont save you from the death so as clutch play you had to hit a minion to life steal and get out of the minion aggro . 
  this is what a skilled trynda player does , if riot puts this on live server this will make alot of ppl to start playing trynda and they will easily towerdive anybody so ppl get salty and cry to riot for nerf on trynda, 
  trynda will get nerf if this goes live , after udyr trynda is the 2nd champ who uses ghost and with this changes ghost gets a really good buff . 
  future is not looking good for trynda i hope they wont make this change im fine with dying to turret or dying to last tick of ignite but pls with this buff trynda will be really easy to play ( yea yea he is already easy to play ha ha ) #dontbufftrynda, 
  it is a big buff which will make trynda survive nearly every tower dive he makes cuz around lvl 6-9 the killer blow of the turret deals around 310-320 dmg so even with full rage heal you wont survive . 
  but with the new changes he will survive + he can even stay in minion aggro for a short amount of time . 
  as a trynda main it feels really sad that now everybody cam make a succesfull towerdive with trynda and this will cause ppl to get salty and cry to riot for a nerf on trynda and that nerf wont be a small one . 
  riot is planing to buff ghost aswell which is used on trynda by many players ( including me ) so riot is just buffing trynda indirectly again on this patch . 
  it feels really bad that knowing how riot cant see what they are doing they did the same thing with xin zhao few patches ago they are just buffing a little to nerf the shit out of the champion #dontbufftrynda, 
  1 . there is alot of dot dmg in the game ( like deathfire torch , ignite ) if you time your q wrong you die immidiately to that, 
  2 . at lvl 6-9 trynda can tover dive but cant survive the last turret hit which deals around 310-320 with this buff everybody can make a successfull towerdive with trynda which will cause community to get salty and cry to riot to nerf trynda and riot will dig the grave of trynda ( cuz they always nerf the shit out of champs after a buff ), 
  3 . im guessing that if he is lover than 30 hp and ults he will get that hp up to 30 cuz other way is just fckng nutz . 
  trynda mains like me focuses on ulting possible last sec to maximize our effectiveness, 
  which means 0 to 50 hp is our sweet spot to ult they need to allow us to ult below the 30/50/70 just cuz of this, 
  4 . im actually not a big fan of this buff cuz of the butterfly effect it will cause i bet on that in next 3 patches riot will nerf the shit out of trynda not just because of this buff but ghost getting pretty good buff aswell and after udyr trynda is a well known ghost user so it will make trynda even more easy to play and that my friend is not a good thing for trynda mains ( everybody hates us but cmon man , in this world there is fizz mains teemo mains . 
  we are nothing against them : / ), 
  am i the only one says '' meh '' to this news , i have the games i wanted ( which i bought at discount aswell ) , im just waiting for battlefield 1 , which game are you guys waiting to have discount anyway ? 
  ahh now i get it and i just realised how to use wishlist properly ty brother for the info . 
  now im going to explore steam store to prepare for the sales . 
  new graves is shit . 
  riot should just accept that they fckng failed on his update , what kind of adc or '' marksman '' can tank that many turret shots , what kind of adc cant shot someone behind an obstacle or even tiny ass minion ,, 
  accept it riot you fcked up ! , when someone last seen graves where he belongs at '' botlane '' ? 
  im pretty sure after the update nearly nobody seen a graves there cuz graves is now every other lane except bot . 
  for the role adc compared to other roles we got the least amount of champs but thanks to riot we lost another one . 
  thank you riot for fckng up the game with every update you make . 
  and pls keep ignore the players opinion pls thats how the will get better for sure, 
  upvoting for your detective work . 
  give this man a cookie and another upvote so ppl can see the truth, 
  man cmon how many summoner spells are we need to remember here is the most used ones, 
  1 . flash : 300 sec, 
  2 . ignite : 210 sec, 
  3 . heal : 240 sec, 
  4 . exhaust : 210 sec, 
  5 . teleport : 300 sec, 
  6 . ghost : 210 sec which is going to be 180 after the patch 6.10, 
  so you really wanted to open a topic cuz this numbers are too hard to memorize ? 
  cmon man game already gives you alot of timer . 
  back in my days we had none of these timers and still manage to keep the track of them . 
  i remember days when supports literally keep a note pad and pen next to their keyboard for the baron and dragon timers . 
  cuz back in that days chat didnt have the timestamps next to it . 
  s1 was really different than the game we got now, 
  well just for you i contacted my really old friend which did this and he told me that he didnt know how to show the chat history + he uses his left hand for writing so he said that it was easy to type in 1 sec compared to typing in the chat . 
  and now he thinks that im a maniac for calling him just asking this, 
   but players in champ select that do n't use the very same summoners in every game might want to compare and research before just picking them, 
  lets be real everybody uses flash right ? 
  so other than flash most used spells are ignite heal exhaust and teleport . 
  its only 4 speels that we need to remember the cooldowns and to be fair after playing league for a while you will eventually figure out the cooldowns right . 
  im not saying '' riot should not put them to champ select thats unacceptable '' , what i mean is thats not a game changer info which should be at champ select screen . 
  maybe cuz of that they havent put it to the champ select after all these seasons, 
  [ sorry mate but this is from turkey , and has a sad backstory ] ( https://www.avrupagazete.com/turkiye/63035-ogrencilerin-gozunden-maden-faciasi.html ), 
  im a ~ ~ single ~ ~ simple turk . 
  i see turkish content creator i press upvote , well done girl !!, 
  edit : omg that mistake ... thanks to / u/othisdede for pointing out . 
  i like one girl but im too shy to tell her : /, 
  but i seriously respect to this content creator , she made a magneficent job . 
  i would gladly buy this skin aswell . 
  this country im living at has little value to the females and none to the art . 
  thats why i must support her and ppl like her, 
  omg now \u0130 get \u0130t fuuuck, 
  mafia graves had best aa sound and now its gone with the new graves i feel your pain bro, 
  i had no idea that we had a subreddit damn its really nice, 
  yey ty man, 
  of course we are ; i 'm so done with his bullshit and i 'm so done with ppl who literally got no education . 
  he is always getting elected cuz this uneducated ppl believes him . 
  why they believe him ? 
  cuz he states that he is muslim . 
  which he is not, 
  according to the votes 49 % of my ppl believe erdogan and his party is '' good '' for our country , aafter all that evidences if ppl still believe that . 
  what else can be more paranormal than this . 
  im looking forward for an system upgrade but it will take a while ty for the answer tho ^ ^, 
  ! remindme 6 days, 
  can anyone tell me good servers like this 77th . 
  , like coop , tactical , and not that many mods to download, 
  no force on earth can make me check a site called '' teemo.gg '' , couldnt you put another name rather than fckng satan, 
  if i am late tell my gf i love her ( since i need to buy a plane ticket which cost around 180 $ to see my beloved girlfriend , so it would be perfect if i win this giveaway :p ), 
  and thank you soooooo much for making budget friendly beast graphic card , its been a tough 4 years for my hd 7850 :p its time for your retirement old pal ... 
  its not $ 140 for the mouse its their goal to get $ 140.000 to fund their mouse till 12th august, 
  as a guy who likes to buy nice comfy mouses , even looking at this one makes me uncomfortable . 
  i totally need to try all that new '' trigger '' buttons cuz i feel like they will cause alot of missclicks . 
  but i really like the idea of tilt , that can be really nice to use . 
  lets hope that none of the big companies dont steal this ideas tho . 
  only champ im thinking is trynda , and is he is really trynda i want that skin !!!, 
  man im soo hyped , do you think riot will make that as an actual skin ? 
  man thats a really nice clue, 
  dont tell anyone but imma trynda main ; we are near extinction ~ ~ we dont even have subreddit :p ~ ~ correction here / r/tryndameremains, 
  / u/savoo1 suggest its garen and i feel like its garen aswell since we see katarina there aswell, 
  i love to type '' cry me a river '' , and everytime it makes them cry even more, 
  1 ) pickaxe , 2 ) pickaxe , 3 ) no ( if they are not full ad comp always go for mercs , tenacity is way better than tabi passive ), 
  it may look nationalistic but actually we just like to show who we are , and it makes easier for us to find other turks . 
  and u probably see turks a lot just cuz our young generation is into gaming . 
  you can find tons of turks playing cs go , league of legends and war thunder .
