  power of the religion is stronk at turkey :(, 
  edit : grammar, 
  you are wrong , point and click tanks are counter to 89 % of the adcs, 
  only 2 adc out of 18 champs can wreck tanks . 
  these are kog and vayne ; kog got more dmg and more range but he is immobile . 
  vayne got less range and probably less dmg compared to kog but she is mobile and she got stealth, 
  back to topic , i dont get why ppl still think she is op, 
  you need to play her if you want to understand her weakness, 
  * get some cc to lock her, 
  * get sweeping lens or stealth totem, 
  * get 1 burst dmg champ, 
  thats all u need to do if you did this perfectl and still lose than you need to get better pal, 
  and i dont get this aswell she totally dont have a burst dmg how you can compare her w like a deathfire grasp . 
  lastly pick whatever champ against her if you apply 3 point up there you will win, 
  i have played nearly 20 rankeds in 2 days and i haven seen that rule man i got only 1 free win out of that 20 . my last 2 loses were just cuz of troll lux and intentionally feeder vayne but im not even bothering that games, 
  generic challanger player ego, 
  meh i would like to get some help but ty for your pointless comment, 
  ty for your comment man . 
  i will try to improve at csing and warding but im not a fan of teleport at trynda . 
  i cant use it effective ( probably i should learn how to use it more often ) meanwhile ignite gives me significant help to snowball toplane . 
  but really thanks for your comment means alot to me, 
  as an atheist who lives in muslim country im really sorry to hear this and believe me there are alot of '' fathers '' like this one . 
  poor girl . 
  rest in piece, 
  i mainly play bombers like b29 , so i decie to give a try to p51 and this is the result . 
  i played really good got 3 kills etc and this greek guy called me hax :p, 
  this is the funniest thing i ever watched at this subreddit . 
  man you are the best and after watching this i wish i had g8n, 
  count me in . 
  social club : mrbeattbox, 
  count me in . 
  social club : mrbeattbox, 
  no wonder why you dont have any friends, 
  you must be really old then, 
  i totally disagree . 
  you got no idea how many times i be '' the nice guy '' and let the lvl 12 guy stay in heist . 
  they manage to die every time , they rarely have the heavy tactical suit and they also rarely listen what we say in the chat thats why i will gladly wait for 5 more minutes to get a decent player instead of trying with a lvl 12, 
  is it normal to download 9.4 gb ? 
  let me introduce you one of the best turkish singer ; sertap erener, 
  [ sertap erener ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=68dd6y_6xuk ) ,, 
  she won the first and probably the last ( thanks to erdogan ) eurovision for turkey . 
  that is the one of the first hits of her . 
  [ here is her well known and respected masterpiece . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=e0o6qmdgeby ), 
  another great voice from turkey ; [ \u015eebnem ferah ] ( https://youtu.be/yjgigzkkxmm?list=pl1xbnxyvuxhgggsvnkbdhkwyp-7hss9_k ) she kinda changed my life so yeah, 
  i hope you like it, 
  cuz its not graves anymore . 
  i want my good old graves back . 
  this is totally a new champ and i dont like it . 
  wtf is that aa stuff i got 2 shells thats totally boring why the hell my aa knock backs minions how am i suppose to keep my range with them if they keep going back . 
  its not a adc anymore its just an ad caster . 
  ult got a knock back for no reason . 
  i want refund on 4 graves skins . 
  damn thats a great idea ; '' fckng dictator erdogan '' i said it and im still alive , no cops at the door and im not kicked out of my uni yey ^ ^, 
  hmm so this is how we look from enemys pov . 
  [ that 's brutal ] ( http://i3.kym-cdn.com/photos/images/newsfeed/000/872/113/a45.png ), 
  its pretty simple if you ask me ;, 
  * more accurate turrets or more durable frame for the bombers . 
  * spawn alt should change with the br ;, 
  ex at tier 1 = 1500 m , tier 2 = 2000 m , tier 3 = 3000 m , tier 4 = 4000 m , tier 5 = 2000 m. 
  * for every map atleast 2 different air spawn point would be great, 
  * and pls more accurate weather for the maps im tired of seeing norway map like a tropical island , no clouds , sun is shining . 
  thats why i said '' or '' there ; so many ppl dont know how to shoot with the turrets so accuracy increase wont efect that much, 
  if only i saved 1 $ anytime i see a tropical norway man , i would be rich by now, 
  translation : well done !, 
  bigger the bomb size better the damage it deal to airfield so 8 x 2000 lbs is the best load for b29 to kill airfield, 
  i was a graves main and it was hell of a fun , kiting with the mafia skin gave me more plesure than anything in the game and thanks to you riot . 
  its totally shit , dont you dare to call this adc cuz its not . 
  and who asked you to change graves riot ha ? 
  give us the old '' adc '' graves and take this '' toplane , jungle , mid '' graves, 
  i main tryndamere and i find this hilarious , pls do more vids like this bro, 
  got ta love the hate against turks at reddit ... that picture is proven as fake . 
  [ here a turkish source ] ( http://akademikperspektif.com/2011/12/25/ermeni-iddialarindaki-fotomontaj-sahteciligi/ ) but probably you wont care about this either . 
  cuz in your eyes turks are the monsters and it will stay like that . 
  just for you know . 
  armenian genocide seriously did not happened ; both sides lost their lives cuz of attacks made by guerillas , illness , getting kicked out of their villages . 
  but you cant call this genocide . 
  i wish this never happened and i feel really bad about it but you cant blame turks for everything . 
  edit : after reading comments i feel like i should introduce my grand grand father to all of you . 
  he died in 2001 age of around 100 . and he lived in a village near kars . 
  one night his village got attacked by armanien horsed man and burned down his mother got killed infront of his eyes . 
  he never seeked for revenge and years later his father helped so many armenian familys who had kicked out of their homes . 
  and after all that shitty years he heard about the term of '' armenian genocide '' he was so supriced cuz it was not what he had experienced . 
  totally one sided and blaming turks for everything . 
  why ppl like to be pollyanna al the time if your team cant stop feeding at early game whats the point of trying to keep playing with that team . 
  they deserve to lose so just surrender and start a new game its called soloq for a reason . 
  you dont need to carry noobs with you every game . 
  infact playing this kind of matches makes me tilt more than anything . 
  you cant compare lcs with soloq its totally different they are real team while we play with bunch of strangers which we wont play again . 
  my best advice can be dont lose the early game if you do atleast listen what ppl say cuz if you lose early game then that means you aint good, 
  best advice is dont play teemo . 
  he is totally not fun to play againts by not playing teemo you will do great job to our community . 
  edit : teemo mains downvoting me . 
  i guess hearing the truth didnt pleased them, 
  entering the giveaway 82543, 
   the only excepting being trynd apparently . 
  why i like that item on trynda it gives you more time to not ult, 
  hi im a trynda main for 3 seasons as gold scrub and to be fair this pantheon really played badly . 
  i suggest you to make another pantheon match up . 
  at comments you said you pick fervor as keystone for trynda .
