   perhaps you should learn how fighters work a bit . 
  i can actually play with fighters [ here is my service log ] ( http://i.imgur.com/72ud0uf.png ) . 
  i just dont want to . 
  and from your reply i figure out that you dont like bombers cuz of the bad pilots . 
  i can bet on that there is more bad fighter pilots at usa tree then bad bomber pilots at usa tree . 
  i have seen f8fs p-51s getting bombs and try to bomb pillboxes so many times . 
  i have seen fighter pilots who cant shot down even 1 plane 5 games in a row . 
  it cant be only me right you guys must seen some bad fighter pilots aswell . 
  if so why the bombers gets the all the blame ? 
  thats the point i dont get, 
  conclusion : dont blame the plane blame the pilot, 
   if a fighter spawns into a slot , there 's still a slight chance that he will use that fighter plane properly , however when a bomber takes up a slot , chances are very slim that he would contribute anything to the match other than a wing ripping miserable death . 
  from my experience bombers tend to do this more often than fighters . 
  i can explain why . 
  cuz from the tier 1 to tier 5 fighters are same they just get better guns and gets faster . 
  the main mehanics or tactics dont change so after tier 3 you got plenty of experience with fighters, 
  what about bombers ? 
  till late tier 3 we dont have heavy bombers . 
  what we got is dive bombers and bombers with low capacity ammo, 
  playing with this bombers are totally different than heavy bomber . 
  so every new b-17 players are equal to tier 1 player . 
  here is the thing if the community didnt insult this new players . 
  they will learn much faster and probably get better . 
  and all this '' flying free rp '' thing will end, 
  all of them good but 3rd one is my fav . 
  have you ever heard of google ? 
  i have updated my graphic driver aswell but its still like this what else should i update ? 
  yea ofc :d im not that noob, 
  pls keep using rpg on infantry . 
  karma is a b * tch, 
  yep im playing this game to win after playing it for 5 years you eventually learn enough things that my bran can hold . 
  dont get me wrong i dont mean that i know '' everything '' about the game but i can say that i know more than ppl in my league . 
  and yea i have no fun lately . 
  cuz i play alone and my main role is adc so every support i got is 90 % dont want to play support . 
  * not sure have you ever been in my situation . 
  im talking about extreme unbalanced teams . 
  the games like enemy team stops pushing and starts to play with their foods . 
  games like their 1 tank can go 1 vs 5 and kill 3 of us . 
  when this happens you need to surrender . 
  cuz you cant win this game . 
  its a fact . 
  and after watching a tank getting a triple you lost all your will to play, 
  and imo if you vote no at this situation thats totally a dickmove, 
  i never seen a player who totally obeys this code, 
   without creating a wall of text . 
  basically , if the answer to your post is `` yes '' or `` no , '' or a one word or one sentence answer ( ward better , stop dying , etc. ), 
  then it is low effort . 
  yea totally yes - no question, 
  finally a good answer and yep you totally described me im very thankfull that finally can see what i see . 
  here is the thing . 
  how you charge your hope how you can motivate yourself that easily . 
  i have tried to motivate myself and failed horribly so i just give up at every hardcore game after that . 
  quiting from this oe and getting into another game feels much more easy than trying to carry all this 4 pretty much useless teammates which i cant communicate, 
  ffs where have you been all my life . 
  you got no idea how many questions you answered with this 3 posts ty, 
  facecam is too much for this video . 
  cuz while someone is staring at me from that little cam window i cant watch the all gameplay back there, 
  this whole text wtritten by a salt mine guaranteed, 
   i honestly have no proper way of dealing with a good vayne player outside of banning the champion . 
  feel free to share if you have anything , but i really hate this champion . 
  i dont understand how a '' diamond player '' can be salty like '' bronze '', 
  her win rate is 51.41 % = 514 wins out of 1000 games . 
  just trying to make it more understandable, 
   to me , one of the most difficult champions in their role should not have higher than a 50 % win rate . 
  i couldnt comprehend this logic . 
  like why do you think vayne is hard to play champ at the first place . 
  this game is a easy to play game thats why millions of ppl playing it everyday . 
  if you still thinking like '' no this game is hard i had to climb the elo ledder to get this diamond badge '' then read this, 
  you need to push 4 champ skill , 2 summoner skill , probably max 3 item slot button , space bar for camera lock and your mouse buttons . 
  for every champ in the game you gon na use them and guess what with vayne you only got 3 active champ skill so with your logic this means vayne should be much easier to play cuz you got 1 less button to press #logic, 
   * she has almost no losing matchups anymore . 
  so what ? 
  you cant blame vayne for nerfing all other adcs . 
  tell this to morello the guy who buffs diana , elise . 
   * makes even the strongest of tanks look like a level 1 sona . 
  - it does n't matter if you 're a 500 armor malphite or a 6k hp mundo , vayne will shred you all the same . 
  the strength of having % max health true damage on top of botrk is insane . 
  vayne will always kill your tanks before your adc kills the enemy tanks . 
  * extremely strong team fighter . 
  how did you become diamond man ? 
  i will go easy on you . 
  do you know rock paper scissors ? 
  rock is the tanks paper is the vayne and cc , assassins , burst dmg , pink ward or sweeper is the scissors i hope you can understand what i mean ... 
  im tired and i know that you wont read this wall of text/u/ambushes . 
  but here is the think . 
  b4 writing this kind of salty stuff about a champ pls go and play it, 
  why its so hard for you guys to understand . 
  vaynes kit is totally build for this . 
  killing the tanks , tanks , tanks . 
  get it ?? 
  and what about 39 autoattack thing since she got only 2 items i assume she build pd and bork that will give around 1.75 att spd with the boots so some math, 
  it takes 22 sec to kill you while an average teamfight takes 30 sec, 
  i dont think he is turk , probably he is greek . 
  dont underestimate turks man , even i as a 8 years old kid back then thought that the towers gon na collapse cuz of the heat of the fire . 
  as a turk who lives in istanbul . 
  im supriced that turkey got the lowest suicide rate . 
  with all these war , drama , deaths around us how we coud manage to be the lowest ? 
  i guess i know the answer aswell . 
  its just because of the religion :, 
  if someone suicides he cant go to heaven .
