  what if i told you so many ppl knows that , thanks to skin spotlight youtubers, 
  punkbuster banned me from the game for saying that i got multihack cuz of that i was not able to play bf3 and finally i will be able to play with my friends, 
  my only question is is it good to build cdr on him ? 
  so i can spam his abilities, 
  i slaughter a lot of teemo . 
  no mercy to teemo players and their little chapms . 
  feel my anger ; and dont buy that minion oh sorry champion, 
  i still dont have that heroes of war thunder pagi in game at achievements and i already made it so yeah this is fcked up and i havent got the lions thanks russian game devs, 
  you sir deserve a cookie, 
  whenever im able to get my mustang i will come back here to read it once again, 
  my brother from other mother ; i main trynda for real doge and you know what he aint damn op he is a split pusher and you know riot nerfed split pushing if enemy team starts to buy armor that means you got a big problem, 
  and what about the riven she must be the real op here her snowballing is like an avalance, 
  btw i really love the video its damn good for real but if riot changes anything about trynda like liam neeson says, 
  i will find u ... and i will kill u ... 
  jk bro keep this videos up and take care, 
  peace, 
  can we have a demo ? 
  gj nice score but what quiz ? 
  this is an flying source detacable cocpit for the pilot, 
  how to waste your life : play 2000 matches with teemo, 
  gj ... and here am i playing with hs 129b-3 dying all the time :(, 
  well first of all ty making this giveaway not like the others do and so if you choose me to give this $ 50 i will create a squadron so all my friends ( nearly 20 people ) will be able to have a nice tag and a warm home ^ ^ so if you choose me we will name the squadron as '' cyclestarcraft '' in short = tycsc = . 
  ( my friends insisted me to type this name thing but to be honest i dont think that you would choose us just for that ; so with my all respect i can only thank you from my heart for making this 20 ppls dream come true, 
  ty gaijin for making it an ip-tracked game just ty now i cant participate to the quiz cuz of my friend, 
  im a local from istanbul and i can say that % 95 of the stray dogs are friendly . 
  you can pet them and they will instantly love you ^ ^, 
  its pure shit against cc . 
  as an actual trynda main i dont recommend this ap build, 
   ry putting on your dancing shoes , 
  meh played another game and figured out that you need to have a not a hardcore poke opponent ; what do you think about that mb u can add this as a note . 
  it feels like at late game trynda falls off a bit what is your strategy for late game ? 
  just like the all bombers problem in rb . 
  i guess the most effective and fun way to play is with a squad 3 other b-29 close formation and start shooting anything comes closer some maps without bomb points is the funniest cuz you can get the af even with 2 b-29 . 
  if there is cloud cover use it as much as you can ^ ^ have fun, 
  and here i am living in istanbul and reading this post : /, 
  wow that win ratios , sir you are good, 
  well wierd part is if you are playing german fighters you should be able to get 1 shot kill due to 20 mm cannons . 
  u mention that you got the tail control 2 times in a row ( readed quickly sorry if im mistaken ) so what i think is you are aiming directly the arcade aim reticle just try to aim a bit further so you will eventually get a wing off or a pilot kill = kill secured, 
  in rb ppl dont go for the ks all the time so if you are good with bnz you should be able to get a few kills and getting kills in rb is much more satisfing then the ab, 
  while gaijin is doing fine with the desicions they are making at patches we need to show them this footage . 
  as a bomber pilot im soooooo tired to get 1 shot by german fighters : /, 
  u wan na know how i feel . 
  belly land mf . 
  yea thats how i feel . 
  one does not simply land a bomber without gears  good luck everyone, 
  hahaha yea that dog fighter b17s i still remember that days and to be honest that was a bit too much . 
  you could fly even the all your parts were in flashing black except the engines . 
  but with the new damage models mb we can make a dynamic damage model too, 
  im thinking that bombers should be much stronger then right now but if they start to make some 3g manuevers their wings will be stressed and if a fighter could land a good shot at wing wing should brake off . 
  with that we can avoid the dogfighers , 
  for the air i can suggest getting the tier 3 germans, 
  1 . get 1 or 2 bomber my suggest is do 217 e-2, 
  1 . now you need to make sure enemy bombers dont bomb anything so climb with your german fighters, 
  1 . for air dominaton again use the powerful side of the german fighters climb high and bnz to the cluster kill as much figher as you can but tbh i dont like this mode cuz its pure pay to win mode if you got more crews you got more chance, 
  1 . having a squad will make this much much easier so get some friends with you, 
  what if i tell you that i want to go back to that patch, 
  i fell like every patch they are nerfing the bombers little by little, 
  so you say that sealclubbing at hokkaido isnt fun wining every match at there isnt fun ? 
  god gaijin seriously needs to balance that map i never seen the us wins at that map at low tier jets, 
  - helga , im back, 
  i dont see any problem ^ ha ^ ha ^ ha, 
  ^ give this man a cookie ; if this cant convince you idk what can op, 
  [ totally worth ] ( http://prntscr.com/7eptbv ), 
  couldnt get a penta but yeah skin is awesome, 
  [ this is my trynda guide ] ( http://www.lolking.net/guides/22526 ), 
  i hope this can help you ; if you got any question feel free to ask, 
  they are totally not counters for trynda , the problem with them is thier late game builds ; the builds mostly contains armor so thats why ppl say, 
  '' - enter a tank champ name - counters trynda '', 
  but as a trynda main i never lost my lane to a nasus or to a garen :p, 
  and here i am consistently having gold for 3 seasons . 
  wp op and gg easy noob to me : /, 
  b29 got really nice turrets and ho 229 got really good hvap rounds :(, 
  as a bomber pilot who plays rb . 
  i agree with the op . 
  gaijin needs to do something for bombers at sb . 
  they look beautiful ^ ^, 
  diamond has spoken the truth but i want to add some info : if you choose a duo who plays at same lvl with you then its fine ; but if your partner is not good then you will suffer more when you lose the games cuz your mmr will decrease harder then your partners . 
  i hope my english is enough for you to understand gl at ranked and have fun . 
  fly bombers :p, 
  note : just sarcasm, 
  im a bomber pilot too, 
  mrbeattbox ; [ gmt +2 pc ] 22 yo looking for players ( atleast 18yo ) to play some rush obliteration and ofc conquest feel free to add me . my playtimes are unpredictable and imma decent pilot, 
  how to buy and where to buy armored kumura ? 
  well well well as im in that screenshot i got a few words to say, 
  i am a bomber pilot and i will keep it that way since you guys making me laught so hard :d, 
  pls keep doing this kind of posts . 
  instead learning how to play and what to do when you got bombers in your team . 
  since you make me happy ; i decided to teach you some basic stuff, 
  so at tier 4 we got mainly b-29s and only 2 of these birds can finish a game . 
  so they are kinda '' important '' right guys ? 
  so what you should do is try to protect them , cover them , escort them . 
  trust me its easier then preparing a screenshot and posting it to here . 
  im not saying try to protect any bomber at any cost . 
  there is 2 types of bomber pilots . 
  your should try to protect climbers . 
  not the guys who travel at 450 km/h direct into enemys these guys want to bomb targets so the climbers can get the af and win the game for the team , for the team get it ? 
  and finally you guys should show respect to other players . 
  you got no right to swear to someone just for flying a bomber thats racist :d, 
  and if you wan na learn how to treat to bombers let me know . 
  have a nice day everyone,
