  ofc old rift herald was way better , anyone can solo this new one and the active is guaranteed to get 1 turret without any outplay, 
  i will be honest , i played this game since season 1 and only got 14 games of chat ban when they first came out , if this voice chat comes live , i will rage the shit out of that fucking inters trolls and other cunt ragers . 
  riot needs to add security for this voice chat like if someone got reported by ppl repeatedly they shouldnt be allowed to join voice chat . 
  just like chat ban first 10 games then 25 , 50 , 100 , and perma . 
  this way i can save my account too, 
  why do i feel like riot is planning something about trynda , im calling it now after this skin goes live in 1 month riot will nerf tryndamere or even hint a remake for tryndamere, 
  whenever something bad happens related to turkey ppl like you pop up and basically say `` turks are evil kick them out of anatolia , make them pay for what they did to armenians , greeks etc. '', 
  so on . 
  let me explain this to you pal . 
  past is gone you cant change it . 
  we must focus on how to make the world better , more peaceful for the future , for the next generation . 
  which means you cant blame the the ppl who lives in turkey right now for what happened 100 years ago . 
  they didnt did the genocides or other horrible things it was the ppl who lived 100 years ago . 
  but if you say `` nope i hate turks they need to pay what they have done '' first of all that makes you racist which i dont care , but what i care is there are many genocides done by europeans and americans in many other countries . 
  so if you dont care about that genocides and if you dont blame the ppl who lives in that countries right now and if you dont care making that countries pay for what they did to that poor innocent ppl . 
  then you need a therapist . 
  [ this ] ( https://twitter.com/hakancopur1/status/864643468429324288 ) was the spark , but not sure will this be convinient for you ppl . 
  you should write a book pal . 
  man , my city : / its not even showing up . 
  guys is it gon na be alright in 1 week ? 
  pls i need to know am i going to start all over again i cant bare that my lovely city i miss it already : / all i want to do is put that sweet transportations that i really needed :(, 
  im using ghost and its not that bad if you ask me , flash on trynda feels useless to me after the early game , sure you can do some fancy e + flash trick but how about just ghost + e ? 
  secondly the cooldown of ghost is only 3 mins . 
  compared to flashes 5 mins its huge . 
  on yop of that its a scaling spell compared to flashes fixed distance ghost gainst more movement speed by lvl, 
  so ghost is still viable ; and when it comes to builds i used to go shiv + bork + tier 2 boots and ie and its still really good , but right now im going shiv + pd build which really abuses the extra movement speed , ppl try to flash away from you but i catch them instantly , thanks to ghost, 
  as a guy who got all skins and uses all of them in an order , i think you guys are over reacting to this animation stuff . 
  i can understand the autoattack cancels just cuz of the shitty animation but you get used to it easily after you warm up, 
  about the chemtech , its cool got this fancy chicken fx which is totally new i love it . 
  my only problem is the ult , its makes trynda really obvious that he just ulted . 
  it will prevent enemy team to throw their high dmg abilities at you . 
  which can win you the game in a long run.as trynda mains you shoul understand what i mean so im not going in detail but other than that i think it will be a great skin . 
  will insta buy, 
  i mainly ban for the team but if you are asking for specifically toplane ban i go for camille , i just cant deal with her . 
  her kit is totally not ok . i had my ass kicked by d1 camille player it still hurts ... 
  maybe your modem is the cause of this problem , i had something similar to this ( micro freezes in game ) i decided to but asus dsl-n16 as a new modem and its fixed the problem, 
  happy birthday dog , its my birthday aswell ^ ^, 
  every tsm vs clg match when dl was on clg with aphromoo, 
  old clg with doublelift, 
  first of all accept the silver macro part i read all of it and my first question will be this ;, 
  do you trust your friends ? 
  secondly your laning phase my friend , that is totally passive way to play and probably one of the oldest trick in the book , i use to do nearly same thing back in season 2 when i first tried trynda top . 
  and i got ta say ; that is not `` winning '' your lane that is `` bypassing the early game '' , and ofc it will work on silver lvl games cuz till the high gold ppl still dont know what wave management is . 
  not only that , till plat jungler got no idea where to gank where . 
  at diamond and higher everyone knows how to break a freeze and how to towerdive properly so this is why you wont see this tactic at high elo games btw . 
  there are so many options as toplaner when your enemy freezes the lane like you do , but silvers are silver for a reason . 
  this tactic you are using can be applied to any champion but trynda is probably the only one who would shine cuz he got the q sustain ( which im pretty sure when riot reworks trynda they will get rid of it atleast till 50 % rage ) . 
  that is why this tactic is working so good . 
  cuz you can just spam that to oblivion, 
  if i had time i would literally watched some of your games but after looking at your op.gg i just started to write this comment . 
  so here what you are doing wrong . 
  firstly with only 1 tactic you cant learn the game . 
  you cant learn how to play trynda . 
  and you cant even understand what is going on at early game if you bypass it like that . 
  so yes you should play/try different playstyle . 
  secondly no pushing your laner 24/7 is not optimal aswell . 
  because this game has so many different variabilities . 
  this is why you need to learn how to react to them basically this is how you would learn the toplane and the game mainly, 
  and the last question what else you can do to make your team win the game and it is the probably the most fckng easy thing to answer to . 
  and btw i got really huge doubts about your friends elo at this point . 
  cuz the answer is teleport . 
  why on earth nobody told you this , you are basically playing farmville at toplane with ignite . 
  why are you doing that ? 
  how the fck none of your friends told you that ? 
  this is why i dont think your friends are trustable ppl cuz like cmon if you ask this question to them and if they didnt point out this . 
  it means 2 things 1 ) they got their accounts from ebay 2 ) they are probably playing tricks on you . 
  so before you reply this go ask them why they never told you to change ignite with teleport . 
  edit : added more info + spelling mistakes . 
  i definitely does not posses the abilities of coaching anyone . 
  i just had this wierd feeling after reading this post and try to tell him the points doesnt make sense and still feel like his fiends arent helping him . 
  for experimental purposes i build it like this, 
  long sword to vamp  shiv  pd  boots  er  dd  last whisper item, 
  and it doesnt feel bad at all , compare to ie its ofc deals less dmg per aa but the bonus 30 % cdr is really huge and it balances with ie cuz of that, 
  so conclution is its buildable :p, 
  first they will release the new skin after 1 patch they will nerf the champ , this is how to earn money 101 by rito gaems, 
  im a bomber pilot and having a 2nd monitor while flying is the best feeling, 
  get malphite or nasus with 45 % cdr tank build , late game focus on trynda ggwp, 
  while you cant even balance 9 keystones we got now , what makes you think making much powerful keystones/runes ( whatever you are calling them ) is a good idea ? 
  keep changing masteries and runes every season wont make the game better , balance makes the game better and now its fine just dont murder it again, 
  riot pls, 
  i wonder can reddit support give mod rights to someone that we choose since all of our mods are inactive , ifso we should just start a strawpoll already, 
  we should give a medal to that trynda who made you get in to this meltdown , you got no idea how satisfying reading your comments and knowing that you get fucked so hard that made you lose your mentality pls give us more , you already made my day better, 
  cmon you can do better than that, 
  i thought my handwriting was bad holy shit, 
  that auto attack cancelling at lucian made me sad :(, 
  its full, 
  its totally using the same graphic desings and modles from the nfs 2015 , i got robbed by them once not going to happen 2nd time , its the same fckng game with different senario . 
  if you bought nfs 2015 and still wan na buy this game too i will just assume you are type of a person who wants to buy whenever a new iphone announced . 
  im just waiting for the sign of insanity here, 
  share this at / r/turkey pls, 
  it feels like the sultan , but i only played 1 game with it so idk its ok i guess, 
  lol guys nobody tells him anything , a sacrifice to crit gods :p, 
  this needs to be at / r/wtf, 
  what did you even expect ... nfs is dead, 
  [ not bad , not bad but i feel like im a bit more bias here ] ( https://image.prntscr.com/image/d5arcxr7t62gnerkh7bera.png ), 
  my steam wallet is 420 :(, 
  even worse . 
  its 4.20 turkish lira which is 1.20 $ : /, 
  riot remove creep block !, 
  there is already a visual effect for it .
