  is it really that good ? 
  cuz in my opinion warlord is really good on him . 
  and my last question why you pick statikk shiv over phantom dancer that 12 % dmg reduction is actually really good . 
  cheers ^ ^, 
  man i was working on my flyer : /, 
  i hope they fix it quickly, 
  im getting literally quarter of what i could earn b4 the patch , first i thought it caused by the less premium players but after some really nice matches the income is totally chopped off . 
  they seriously need to make some adjustment to the income rate, 
  tested ba = loss with 15k dmg 2 . nd place at scoreboard in all players and the income is 226k rp with premium, 
  pls adjust this freejam, 
  testing brb, 
  edit :, 
  [ so this is what i did in match ] ( http://i.imgur.com/jpicsg5.jpg ) and [ this is what i earn with premium ] ( http://i.imgur.com/szytyfy.png ), 
  tl ; dr - i suggest freejam to increase rp per min for tdm just a bit more . 
  like maybe 10k or 12k rp per min, 
  so my final though is they need to buff it a bit more , tdm is kinda hardcore mode cuz you cant respawn so why not increasing the reward there a bit more . 
  so the rp per min is 8 right now at all modes but compared to all tdm is kinda hardcore cuz there is no respawn there so the average players , or players who made a mistake and get close to loml with 2 sec lock on time ( god i hate loml ) will earn really nothing . 
  some ppl says that increasing this wont help the game in long term cuz ppl will get bored of the game after they get everything they wanted . 
  i disagree , if ppl start to think that grinding rp is taking so long then game will get boring and many of them will give up on playing it . 
  even with premium it takes a while to get some rp so i cant even imagine how does it feel for non-premium players, 
  what if we kept the pre patch income ? 
  to be honest that was too much . 
  at tdm i gived the first blood and i still had 40k rp without dealing damage or healing so that was broken . 
  and if we kept that players could abuse this or terrorize the low robot rank matches so thats why freejam did the right thing, 
  but they overkill it :p, 
  im reposting this cuz idk why but op deleted his topic, 
  [ so this is what i did in match ] ( http://i.imgur.com/jpicsg5.jpg ) and [ this is what i earn with premium ] ( http://i.imgur.com/szytyfy.png ), 
  tl ; dr - i suggest freejam to increase rp per min for tdm just a bit more . 
  like maybe 10k or 12k rp per min, 
  so my final though is they need to buff it a bit more , tdm is kinda hardcore mode cuz you cant respawn so why not increasing the reward there a bit more . 
  so the rp per min is 8 right now at all modes but compared to all tdm is kinda hardcore cuz there is no respawn there so the average players , or players who made a mistake and get close to loml with 2 sec lock on time ( god i hate loml ) will earn really nothing . 
  some ppl says that increasing this wont help the game in long term cuz ppl will get bored of the game after they get everything they wanted . 
  i disagree , if ppl start to think that grinding rp is taking so long then game will get boring and many of them will give up on playing it . 
  even with premium it takes a while to get some rp so i cant even imagine how does it feel for non-premium players, 
  what if we kept the pre patch income ? 
  to be honest that was too much . 
  at tdm i gived the first blood and i still had 40k rp without dealing damage or healing so that was broken . 
  and if we kept that players could abuse this or terrorize the low robot rank matches so thats why freejam did the right thing, 
  but they overkill it :p, 
  well im happy with these changes ty freejam you manage to make everyone happy again ^ ^, 
  i would gladly get 1100 kills instead of 25 wins, 
  * everybody says that its an easy champ :(, 
  * because of the cc he cant do really well at teamfights, 
  * thormnail is your worst nightmare , makes everyone mini rammus, 
  * thunderlords proc can kill you while you ulted . 
  ( as an old trynda player - since season 1 - thunderlords really fcked my ulting capability cuz of that unexpected dmg from nowhere i miss my ult so many times , and rarely even i ult thunderlords proc can kill me at ulti ), 
  yep it is but im not even sure riot knows that exist, 
  at 3.7 ghz its 60 celcius max after 2 hours prime95 blent stress test so its stable, 
  when i change only the multiplier and add some to voltage for 3.8 it goes 63-65 celcius and around that pc reboots, 
  thermaltake contac29 its old but the thermal paste is new and done right on idle at 3.7 ghz cpu is 35 celcius so i guess its doing his job well, 
  got couple of questions for get rid of my current pc and buying a real budget gaming pc, 
  i decided to buy i5 6600k as cpu and msi r9 390 as gpu so, 
  1 ) as motherboard to oc the cpu ; i read that i need a z170 type mobo so question is which brand and model should i buy for proper 4.5 ghz oc [ im currently thinking this but couldnt find good info about it ] ( http://www.gigabyte.us/products/product-page.aspx?pid=5495#sp ), 
  2 ) for psu do i need 600 w or 750 w ? 
  3 ) what is the best brand/model for ssd at 250 gb capacity right now ? 
  im thinking samsund 850 evo for that, 
  and last 2 total newbie questions, 
  4 ) i got win7 home edition and i upgrade it to win 10 at my current pc how can i install that win 10 to this new pc ? 
  5 ) i checked my hdd with active smart and it says that my hdd is good so what im thingking is can i just unplug this hdd from current one and plug it to the new one will it work witout any problem ? 
  ( like drivers and operating system wont affect anything ? ), 
  my english is bad sorry about all grammatical mistakes i did :( and ty for reading ^ ^, 
  it turns out that i have the full version of win 7 so its not oem so can i use it on the new pc ( the old pc will be dead when the new one comes ), 
  do we have any adc to play still ? 
  they nerfed lucian they nerfed kalista what im a suppose to play riot ? 
  ok riot if you want ppl to spam that braindead champs sure we gon na play them cuz we aint worthy to ask any question, 
  edit ppl who downvote pls keep going, 
  ty for deleting another fun to play champ . 
  what do you advice as adc this patch ? 
  q w teamfight wrecker sivir or, 
  press only q and kite everything ashe ? 
  and pls tell me which one of these champs are hard to play ? 
  cuz as a known fact we adc players only able to right click . 
  speaking of right click, 
  what about caitlyn the real right click queen ? 
  btw thanks for this great game if only you wont make it worse every patch, 
  why you guys dont let us to play like at constant seasons just like counter-strike 1.5 ; 1.6, 
  so we can play back in old days like season 2 which i would gladly play at there and be far far away from your masterpiece game, 
  waiting for your answer / u/riotscarizard, 
  oh really got a fckng flash which can cancel blitz pull thresh pull his q is the easies skillshot with the lowest cd in the fckng game and with the iceborn it becomes instant kiting poking skill and lastly he got the fckng high dmg global ult which you can lower the cd with landing q . 
  so if this is not brain dead what is it ? 
   also none of those champs are `` easy '' . 
  you just lost me there . 
  no need to talk about this subject anymore, 
   also ur flair is tryn ? 
  aka your definition of easy lol, 
  i would gladly play trynda instead of sivir, 
  mhm yea yea sure ( only way to stop a kid is this i guess ), 
  as a low aa range champ dont you want a magical aa range enlarger ? 
  argument ? 
  what argument ? 
  oh he is squishy thats really interesting cuz you know adcs are actually really durable champions ... . . cant play long range poke ?!?!, 
  how a person can say this about ezreal a champion who got low cd longer range than leesin q and faster projectile champ + with the iceborn you got aoe slow now explain me this how the hell this champ cant play long range poke, 
  i though i ended the talk few comments earlier with you but since you did some stalking and some harrastments lets talk a little . 
  so 8 ordinary reddit league player thingks that im wrong so does it mean that im clearly wrong ? 
  if you think yes dont even give an answer so we can finally end this talk 2nd thing is i totally know what im talking about and im still behind my words meanwhile you were saying there is no '' easy braindead champ '' but what a coincidence you just refer trynda, 
   you play one of the most brain dead champs, 
  just interesting how ppl just turn around what they say just like sivirs frisbee, 
  good night and have a wonderful day with your easy champ sivir, 
  yep pc aswell my nick is the same when i come back to home i can add you, 
  ^ this guy is god with thresh mb it helps,
