  can you tell me how can i get this f-22 mod . 
  i love this plane, 
  [ i have waited years ] ( https://66.media.tumblr.com/87690b122704434a383ffbafecb06151/tumblr_nnqzu9wv0t1tuf73to1_500.jpg ) =  [ i dont think anyone can beat this ] ( http://image.prntscr.com/image/60ba39255cce4df2b71ca176a4e1434b.png ), 
  edit : for ppl wondering im playing this game for a looong time like hit lvl 30 at the middle of the season 1 and i played alot of bot games . 
  im not joking, 
  ty sir, 
  nah they are baitin , i wont play the game till they remove the crates . 
  [ im watchin you freejam ] ( http://mylolface.com/assets/faces/annoyed-im-watching-u.jpg ), 
  you dont need to follow your build this strict . 
  if you wan na build bork go for it, 
  i got 1100t and i 'm aware that it is still keeping up with some if new-ish cpu . 
  if only bohemia interactive makes better scaling games with amd :( full servers give me max 22 fps :( help me brothers, 
  i was thinking about posting space engine here as well but then i thought it would be worth less cuz i felt like my brothers knows this beauty, 
  gl hf ladies, 
  ffs do you remember a champion called [ kalista ] ( http://champion.gg/champion/kalista ) ?!?!?!, 
  will you do something for her ?!? 
  where is the fckng kalista buff/change what is this bullshit just fckng delete the champ then riot, 
  i guess rito forgot to put it on . 
  mb they will enable it later , i also want that jax chromas aswell they look really nice . 
  i just bought 42 chroma and still got 569k ip :p, 
  i had 46 % crit dmg runes for old gp and tried 2 games with them on trynda . 
  only think i remember is how slow i was auto attacking . 
  and 250 crit at lvl 1, 
  ty really, 
  just like me my friend, 
  me 2 :p, 
  if you asked this question at season 3 answer would be hao , he was the real god . 
  his videos on youtube is so outdated but still u can learn the wawe management and engagement rules from him . 
  i dont watch boxerpete that much but a challanger player cant be bad right, 
  the question is why u want to have a shitty early game ? 
  to be better at early game you need sustain so buy vampiric as first item then, 
  statikk  finish the boots ( berserks , mercurys , ninja tabi even cdr ones )  bork  ie, 
  this is your core , over this items you need 1 armor pen item and 1 defensive item, 
  for armor pen : youmuus , black cleaver , dom . 
  regards, 
  for def items : mercurial scimitar , steraks gage , maw , frozen mallet, 
  this is how a proper build should be and, 
  rage blade is not that good anymore on trynda so i dont suggest buying it, 
   re the enemy team was squishy enough to make youmuus worthy of the armor pen item, 
  dont consider youmuus as only armor pen item it has a really nice active makes it worth to buy, 
  im tired to type an answer about `` armenian genocide '' . 
  ppl around here just reads 1 or 2 paragraph of that wikipedia page and says `` yep confirmed this is genocide '' . 
  nobody even cares about what turks say about the subject . 
  back in high school i prepared a homework about this subject and this is the only homework i have done in my life so carefully . 
  tried to find as many source i could and as conclusion it was definetly not a `` kill all the armenian ppl you see '' it was this '' we are in a war , armenians and russians are now ally and they are attacking our villages , we must take armenians out of our country for our safety '' . 
  now if you read this far congrats you are open minded person . 
  back to subject ; did you know that between 1914 - 1921 518 thousand citizen were killed by the armenian attacks ? 
  which includes some of my family members aswell . 
  my ancestors lived at south west of kars according to my grand grand father who was only a child back then one night armenian horseman come and they killed my grand grand fathers mother . 
  beheaded to be specific . 
  then they attacked the girls , raped some of them after they done with it they killed all of them and started to throw the bodies in to the well . 
  his sister was only 16 at the time , she died that night aswell . 
  there was no male at the village since all of them were fighting at war or helping at transporting ammunition or food . 
  after seeing all this violance my grand grand father ran for his life at the middle of the night to the nearest village and probably saved their life . 
  this is why armenians are not innocent angels . 
  if you still call this a genocide fine think what you think , believe what ever you want . 
  my only wish is i hope you can see what happened from our point of view . 
  we must learn from the past and build a better future . 
  edit : next time when armenian genocide comes up to first page , i will type the same story my grandfather told me just like he was the armenian who got attacked by turks . 
  then we will see how much upvote i will get . 
  cheers reddit , hate turks more , this would definetly make a better future , better world, 
  [ here is the source but you need to translate it from google ] ( http://www.eraren.org/index.php?page=dergiicerik&amp;icerikno=316 ) ; ( documents on massacres perpetrated by armenians ) cilt/vol . 
  i ( 1914 -- 1819 ) ve cilt/vol . 
  this is the book . 
  also why do i need to justify them first ? 
  why not armenians start on justifying what they did to my ansestors ? 
  im glad that you show your knowladge about where all this happened . 
  yea it was desert sure . 
  after all what can i expect from a person who literally `` learned yesterday '' armenian genocide . 
  keep up with the all afford man check more stuff at wikipedia . 
   i 'm sorry that your people do n't have any other relevant posts to post on . 
  you amaze me with your ignorance . 
  tell me have you ever seen any post about armenians which dosent related to armenian genocide ? 
  on the other hand just search `` turkey '' or `` erdogan '' at / r/worldnews and start counting . 
   i 'm sorry that your people do n't have any other relevant posts to post on . 
  so you were wrong about this right ? 
  stop wasting time here , go learn some more history . 
  you really need it . 
  hah my record is 6 aa no crit with full rage bar , but i dont mind cuz i remember times like i got 3 crits in a row with literally empty rage bar , it build it up and got me an easy lvl 2 first blood, 
  543 , first timer here , idk what is paragon even :p, 
  i have been at bf3 and bf4 betas aswell and compare to them this was bad , couldnt convinced me to buy this game . 
  graphics and voice fx was really nice ( but it still felt like a mod to battlefront ) , but the weaons felt really wierd in a bad way that makes me aim really badly , mb its cuz of the recoil but deffinetly didt felt good . 
  only sniper rifles was ok . 
  planes were ok but it took me alot of time to figure out where my shots going , its not like bf3 - 4 . 
  tanks on the other hand they were really op whenever i drive one i got tons of kills b4 i die . 
  but the biggest promlem is lack of teamwork , why the fck they removed the revive indicator ?!?!, 
  i played 3 days and got less then 5 revives . 
  after a while i tried medic class and after 1 whole game i realized that i didnt revive anybody aswell #immedicimhelping , and spotted enemys indicator over their head was really small compared to bf3-4, 
  overall i didnt like it , not gon na buy the game at this stage , if they come up with a nice update maybe i can think about it . 
  543 , good luck brothers, 
  high kda , high cs count , most dmg done to champs and turrets i guess . 
  this is how i get s or s + on nearly every game . 
  and what do you mean by diver ? 
  turret dive ? 
  this is why u got that ult if you ask me , just need to be carefull when to get out of the turret range . 
  demonblade is just visually outdated , but stilll one of the best skin that riot ever create, 
  seriously this is the only reason why im afraid to build a pc by myself . 
  im too afraid to buy all parts and fail at this part, 
  idk i guess its something what my father turn me into , i get soooo scared if something happens after buying all that new parts to build it, 
  being atheist at turkey is really hard : /,
