  in the end it didnt work out team couldnt cc a damn vayne . 
  son you better tell us your secret . 
  btw wp, 
  543543 im just here for the rust . 
  gl everyone, 
  back in season 2 i mean the adc golden age , there were lack of teamwork , shitty communication but still adcs were able to survive and do a lot of dmg . 
  first reason is ad items were really strong . 
  blood had 100 ad , ie had 80 ad and 25 crit ( afair ) , last whisper was cheaper . 
  so dealing dmg was way easier back then, 
  secondly at that times there were not that many assassin 's or champions who could 1 shot adcs . 
  back then team fights were really balanced if you ask me now team fights way fast and everyone is at everywhere , this might look exciting and fun to play for any other role except adc , at first it was challenging but now it 's really pain to play aggressive with adc and playing passive only farming for 20 mins is soooo boring, 
  3rd problem is tanks are huge , since armor pen builds died with the youmuus , only build is crit . 
  tanks can easily buy ninja tabi + randuins omen = ggwp only this 2 item can melt your dmg . 
  this is why a poppy can go in , kill adc and leave the place with half hp, 
  tl ; dr : adc in 2k17 is real pain , rito should buff a bit adcs or nerf tanks and tank items a bit . 
  idk fix your shit rito, 
  there is a difference between tanks and brusiers . 
  and poppy , hecarim , olaf enters to this category , im fine with their dmg , problem is their tankyness , 2-3 defensive item really makes them impenetrable panzer 's . 
  this is soo wrong . 
  mundo or rammus should be that tanky not a poppy, 
  543 gl everyone, 
  5435 gl everyone, 
  why im not supriced that picture is taken at turkey . 
  where else you got blue sky , bright sun and free cats, 
  this kind of posts are the main reason why i fucking hate my country , basic 1070 here costs 2350 which is around 625 $ . 
  * build shiv  bork  ie, 
  * build up your rage , all in at lvl 2 , get first blood, 
  yep if you ask me a better version of lucian and it would be really good to have him back since adc meta is dying and he was the only one who could tank the dmg better than any other adc . 
  with the lethality changes adc are more vulnerable then ever . 
  graves can stop the `` adc in 2k17 '' meme man . 
  my hd 7850 died several months ago too , my condolences . 
  man if only i win something : /, 
  im in a tryndamere club , tag is trynd . 
  typed your name into group chat hopefully one of the officer responds, 
  hi i main tryndamere , and i love making salty rengar , yasuo players rage quit . 
  undying rage baby, 
  i dont see bork im disappointed, 
  i dont think its photoshopped , look at the tea pot the tea pot and its cloudy there so mb thats why it looks like photoshopped . 
  after all that definetly looks like a turkish breakfast why would they photoshop anyway, 
  hello brothers and sisters ;, 
  i come for some feedback first im gon na explain whats my problem is and then i will ask couple of questions . 
  5 months ago my hd7850 died . 
  or atleast its in a shape that cant run any games anymore since i can still plug the monitor on it and get a display . 
  but im getting bsod like in every 5-10 minutes if i try to open a graphics card related program . 
  whea_uncorrectable_error and iqrl_not_less_or_equal is the most common error codes at blue screen . 
  from what i learned on internet both errors are related to hardware failure which seems logical to me so before i ask my questions let me give my pc specs, 
  * amd phenom ii x6 1100t cpu, 
  * 600 w bronze psu, 
  although i did some testings . 
  is there any way to find out that if i got any other hardware failure . 
  or let me ask this was how can i be certain that only the graphics card is broken, 
  is there any way to fix the gpu in this state ( not like oven or heat gun style ), 
  gtx-1050 ti or rx 470 ? 
  that will be all thank you for reading and have a nice day, 
  cities skylines too pls, 
  ty man \u2713, 
  man i 'm 24 and i really do n't understand why ppl are so into rgb shit man c'mon it 's just fckng shiny light , nothing special with it, 
  got ta love ppl like you , when enemy team got 20 kills over your 2 , 2 dragons over your 0 , every fckng tower at lanes over your none before 20 min and when i call ff just like you 2 guy votes no and says we can win ... . . man totally fuck you for wasting my time, 
  hah i got the father of that cpu , and it still rocks, 
  u wish, 
  man what is the depth of that table , according to that info im gon na buy a table saturday, 
  if this goes live servers i will change my runes from 4.5 lifesteal + 19 % att speed to all att speed and that will be all . 
  it feels like they really want adc s to come back to meta, 
  ty man you saved me from buying wrong table, 
  as a noob i got a question can this overclock done to any monitor ?? 
  i would love to have 75 hz out of my 4 yo monitor, 
  this is better than my laptop that i use :(, 
  such german , much wow :p, 
  #neverforgetoldgraves rip, 
  its full, 
  wow ty for your dedication :p if i could i would give you gold even, 
  oh man ty for your help , i got 2 monitors, 
  samsung syncmaster sa300 full hd, 
  well for graphics card i got 2 options which i will buy on saturday, 
  pc is really old idk if it helps but i got phenom ii x6 1100t as cpu . 
  ( waiting for ryzen is killing me ) anyways good news or bad hit me up and ty for your help again . 
  both 60 and i got the gtx 1050 ti now :p and no problem man, 
  ty man i manage to get 70 from both ( can even get 71 but i like to round it up ), 
  requesting that wallpaper, 
  same shit happened to me aswell just 1 hour ago fuck this game bugs, 
  it 's only good on tuners , other than that they look ugly as fck . 
  if you put neon to sports classics you got a really bad taste or money to waste . 
  probably both, 
  like always i do . 
  by playing video games hanging around at reddit , checking some forums , wasting my time by watching stupid videos at youtube . 
  man i hate my life . 
  totally not related to the topic but i got ta say i love how global reddit is . 
  it 's really awesome, 
  not directly important for only gaming , these cpus will allow you stream better than intel cpus , i waited for this so long and i will buy 1700x for sure . 
  man i cant wait for it, 
  too late : /, 
  shut up and take my money already !! 1 !!!! 1 !, 
  ! 1 give me that ferries and while you are doing ferries could they transit some cars aswell ? 
  pls ? 
  ( i guess modders can do it aswell but i want the original you know ), 
  but why play jungle if you can go top trynda, 
  this is way better than having rgb discoball case , i would buy this if i had money, 
  tomorrow is the day my friend , i waited so long for ryzen . 
  and from beginning of tomorrow i will only wait 3-4 months more to buy something decent . 
  as a civil engineer student , this video enlighten me .
