  you are the god of dps . 
  meh is that it ... i was hoping for a new weapon :(, 
  huehuehue this post makes me cringe, 
  im so afraid that riot will literally murder trynda , just like they did to graves or yorick , trynda do not need a gameplay update he is just like ashe , basic champion . 
  but he definetly needs a visual update, 
  when riot re-designs a champ they dont count the change of dmg output or more specificly dps . 
  because of that they couldnt balance so many champions like rengar or ryze for example . 
  if your idea like slow attacking but hard hitting trynda appears it will be hard to balance again . 
  if he keeps his current dps he has to hit like a truck around 1.5 k dmg per auto , and that is basicly 1 shot for squishy targets . 
  so riot will fix the problem by reducing the dmg and that will lead trynda to lose dps . 
  thats how riot deletes a champion out of the game , first update it then to balance nerf the shit out of it and finally at some disadventages specificly for its role . 
  best example for this is graves . 
  a champion which was one of the best and easy to play of its role got literally deleted out of its role . 
  now there is no way that you can play him and get the same dps at botlane, 
  if riot does this again this time for trynda . 
  i guess i will just quit this game . 
  some might say its in our nature that resisting to change what we get used to ; but this is something else, 
  what if riot dont fuck it up ? 
  well this is riot , it took them 2 seasons to bring back solo q. 
  as you can see they are not that smart ppl . 
  this is why im not that optimisticwhen it comes to trynda update . 
  got all skins , all autoattack animations are fine there is no difference . 
  but is you want to buy a skin just for smoother aa sultan and king feels better with a fraction compared to others, 
  we will try : / ty man, 
  ty my ukranian brother then  your concerns means alot to us . 
  probably most safe plae is my home but this attack happened only 2 km away from where i live , the one before happened 1.5 km away . 
  bloodrazor  hydra  pd  ie might work aswell ; get black cleaver at some point and 1 def item, 
  dont fight with him next to creep wave , thats all you need to do , land your slow and crit the shit out of him , even if you are behind you can kill him in this situation . 
  1 ) statikk + pd gives really nice att spd and movement speed which is really good for orb walking , ie is good aswell so if you like that way do it, 
  2 ) 90 % static rush will be good , i only rush pd against nasus thanks to someone from this reddit mentions that, 
  it has everything that trynda wants ; att spd + crit + movement + magic burst dmg . 
  early game that magic dmg is huge at trading , just charge it and try to get a lucky crit = gg you take 30 % hp of your enemy . 
  secondly it gives you fast wave clear so you can just kill the all minions push hard and make enemy laner to lose exp + gold . 
  so yea i guess thats it, 
  omg riot what is that face ? 
  hire op already c'mon, 
  riot give this man 3 rp that he deserves, 
  tap water is not likely drinkable in \u0130stanbul . 
  i mean its obviously not poisonous but i wouldnt recommend to drink it ; source : i am from \u0130stanbul . 
  gj op , dont care about noobies who get mad at you cuz you teach them something, 
  ty for making me laugh this hard while im in this shithole country , seriously i laughed like 5 mins non-stop . 
  i needed this , 
  i wish i was from canada, 
  erdogans north korea , kebabland or the land of mean ice cream sellers all of these lead you to one option and thats your mission to find it out . 
  oh where are you from then ? 
  never, 
  here how yorick works, 
  he kills couple of creeps and make their souls stay there, 
  he traps you in with his cage, 
  he summons that little creatures, 
  he uses e on you while you are in that cage so there is no where to run, 
  he goes melee and q you while that creatures attack you, 
  ^ that is yoricks basic combo and he can do it pretty fast, 
  so the counter play to that what you need to do, 
  you must sidestep his e, 
  you must get out of the cage cuz it makes a guranteed e on you ( careful while that walls spawning it knocks you back to inside of the cage ), 
  dont go for short trades with him cuz he is all about short trades thanks to his low cd q ( which i believe its around 6 sec so you better attack him atleast 4-5 sec then back off ), 
  thats all from me , i hope this helps you . 
  i created intentional feeding 0/9 nasus top meanwhile my beloved team started to go solo 1 vs 3 cuz they think we are winning hard , and then since its a nasus he stoped me split pushing but i stoped his farming aswell . 
  so i told my beloved team to group at mid and teamfight as 4 vs 4, 
  what can go wrong right ? 
  we got amumu + diana + alistar + mf . 
  if this ppl cant win a teamfight who can ? 
  but guess what this cc master team , my beloved team somehow cant even cc that vayne which dont even have a fckng qss . 
  you might think well if your team cant kill her sure you can . 
  yeah i got enough dmg and everything but guess what . 
  enemy team keeps every possible cc just for me . 
  which means my beloved team literally die b4 enemy uses any cc on them . 
  people asks me why do i rage . 
  its just a game they say . 
  my answer to that is , im not raging to the game . 
  im raging to this brainless clowns who insult me cuz i cant carry them . 
  amumu literally typed `` haha that trynd got fed but cant carry noob '' . 
  seeing that turns me in [ to this taric ] ( https://youtu.be/jgy5zj8csue?t=2m17s ) that ashe as amumu , diana as thresh . 
  i totally want to do that to them literally . 
  fuck this game, 
  good old war thunder footage . 
  there is public service . 
  but they dont keep them in the cages , after the health check they leave them where they find them . 
  nobody have any problem with them . 
  these dogs and cats here not aggressive at all , they are living their lifes . 
  why would we put them into small shelters and let them die there ? 
   but stray animals do n't get vaccinated or have access to medicine when they get hurt . 
  not to mention strays often starve to death on the streets ,, 
  could you give me source on that ? 
  as a turk who lives in a neighborhood full with street cats and some dogs i can assure you both cats and dogs got their health checked and vaccinated by the goverment vets . 
  and there is no way that these cats and dogs starve to death because locals take care of them really well . 
  you should watch the documentary called `` kedi '' its about street cats in istanbul , you will see how relaxed these `` street '' cats are, 
  wtf did i just read . 
  im confused, 
   why is this league etiquette ? 
  wow you guys find new topics to complain about everyday dont you, 
  with warwick you can, 
  assume ? 
  its a fact no need to assume . 
  and thats not a question , thats complaining, 
  only reason why im subscribed to this salt mine is to see this kind of `` good quality '' posts, 
  nah i rarely type anything to this subreddit, 
  lol such burn much wow, 
  [ here is the match history ] ( http://matchhistory.euw.leagueoflegends.com/en/#match-details/euw1/3005979607/26125686?tab=overview ) , i got 3 turrets but since they got a nasus who keeps using that slow on me i decided to it will be good to get some dragons for the team and i got 3 dragons .
