  i bought tyrus just because it was mclaren f1 longtail [ look at this its totally tyrus ] ( http://prntscr.com/ef9dar ), 
  this comment brought you by alot of hope ... : /, 
   'd love to visit turkey but not with that radical despot in charge . 
  yep as a fellow turk lives in istanbul can confirm that its still not safe to visit turkey in general . 
  if erdogay wins the presidential system oh boy after that you can only see turkey from postcards . 
  what a shithole this country become man ... 
  feels really bad :(, 
  play trynda , problem solved, 
  any detail on the dlc ? 
  idk if i had to guess i would say some oriental unique buildings maybe ? 
  oh really nice, 
  yea yea what ever you say, 
  when i was in highschool ppl start to point out that i got a really deep voice . 
  i even got a story about it . 
  i live in istanbul ( not constantinople ) and this place is high earthquake risk so ppl who live here is a bit paranoid about that anyways back to story , just another boring school day and it was the first lesson . 
  some ppl in the class were still sleeping on their desks while i was leaning on the chair waiting for teacher to take attendance . 
  when the teacher called my name i said `` here '' and suddenly the sleeping girl behind me shouted really loudly `` earthquakeee '' . 
  she was so loud that principal assistant even come to class . 
  s\u0131nce she was a good student we assumed she wont do it for `` joke '' so we were really curious why she did that . 
  she said that when i said `` here '' her feet was on back of my chair and because of the vibration i generate with my voice she thought it was earthquake . 
  principal looked at me and asked me to say `` here '' again , i said it and she started laughing and said `` she was right '' . 
  good old days :p, 
  i got no idea how i feel about the looks of that testarossa diablo hybrid it looks really odd , why that kind of mixture its like murdering both of them at the same time, 
  sultan skin is representing ottoman empire not this , if you are looking for a music which you can listen while playing trynda [ try this ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zxzmic-z-xa&amp;list=plc89f73ddca870302&amp;index=7 ), 
  idk why the guy give this as example but here is the thing , ottoman military band was huge , the group on the video is nothing compared to the band who goes with the ottoman army to where ever they are heading to so the intimidation comes with the volume not from the song, 
   it 's not just the volume , with that many people you end up having a choir effect ( harmonics i guess is the word ) . 
   drum hits sound deeper and `` rumble '' due to slight timing differences . 
  cymbals would sound more `` crashing '' and roll . 
  agreed, 
  yea i got that problem aswell but somehow i get to use to it  i got my eyes on sennheiser gaming heatsets which comes with a great mic but my wallet is literally empty :(, 
  imgur is blocked at turkey till you change your dns to google dns keep that in mind, 
  use vpn bro, 
  from what i remember at the times of gezi park events ppl who defend the park from the police took pictures of police brutality and many other inhuman acts and they upload these pictures to imgur . 
  to share it with foreign media groups to show world whats going on ( and yea access to internet was restricted back then , only way to reach useable internet was using vpn + changing your dns ), 
  after erdogay finds this out he ordered the turkeys main internet provider ( turk telekom ) to cut the imgur out of the locals access . 
  this bitchass dictator is well known by these kind of acts as an example he is well known with the ban on youtube , facebook and twitter . 
  you could still access it with vpn + dns combo but many ppl dont know how to do that . 
  i wan na end my writing with this fuck you erdogay, 
  edit : i mean no insult to any homosexuals by saying erdogay , you guys are awesome . 
  as a person who spend his 13 years in this shithole created by this retard i cant even stand writing his `` true '' name . 
  this is probably the onle way for me to type his name that puts a little smile on my face  and im sorry for any kind of grammatical mistakes i made . 
  my english is not that good . 
  til medieval time males were horrible at judging sexapeal . 
  seriously what can be more sexy then at redhead woman ?!?!, 
  insta buy . 
  its not unrealistic , i liked it , i might even steal this idea :p, 
  hello to norwegian ppl , im a turk , i come with peace, 
  sudden swedish invation demolished our flag , which was already getting alot of attacks already by lonewolfs . 
  but after the organized attacks from sweeden we have been defeated, 
  now we are looking to start a new life , at somewhere that we could live in peace , but the canvas is full . 
  so we want to migrate to your bottom right side of your flag would you accept us ? 
  im waiting for your answer, 
  best regards ,, 
  a random turk, 
  eaten by sweden brother , just like they did to our, 
  well it seems like now its a turkey , sorry pal sweden destroyed our flag , we were looking for a new land, 
  looks good to me but as you can see our number is limited and we lack of the discipline to organize another migration to create the flag, 
  i am not in charge to stop anybody these ppl are free ppl, 
  have my downvote, 
  damn this is mean :(, 
  shoutout to that blue p\u0130xel at turkish flag # fuck you blue pixel, 
  it was an honor to be in your alliance, 
  signed by tryndamere bot ,, 
  turkish ambassador, 
  shit , my cover has been blown time to use ult * undying rage *, 
  man i miss weekday playlists , i will start joining after my midterms finishes have fun ladies :p, 
  wow i just want to thank you for making this video , finally i can show my district to my foreign friends who really wants to see where i live . 
  as a guy who cant even take a photo this is just perfect editing and perfect commentary , i just love it . 
  hope you visit us again in the future and take care , 
  dont worry my ecuadorian friends you are not alone with rigged elections and media censorship . 
  as a turk this is how our goverment rule the country . 
  one day they will pay for their crimes be strong my brothers and sisters keep up the protesting . 
  i hope you bring the suspects to justice faster then we turks do, 
  tldw , may 18th, 
  good luck to everyone , i request to sign up for this contest aswell , ty op for this btw this is huge, 
  jungle trynda do n't get enough either gold nor exp , alright he can get drake , rift herald , can gank but at he si doing less dmg compared to top trynda at any given min in game , it 's ofc playable solid pick but still not enough to leave toplane for me, 
  just because of this i need a girlfriend, 
  ignite is for pussies real man takes tp and bust the botlanes ass, 
  commit a crime go to jail for a year . 
  is it ok ? 
  as a trynda main i guess i can answer the questions but they might not be the 100 % true, 
  1 ) i guess there is 2 ways to use it , first at midgame when enemy team tries to get dragon and they send only 1 to toplane . 
  plan is kill that guy release the kraken and push take every turret in your path . 
  secondly it can be really nice after a baron . 
  5 man from midlane hard push to finish the game, 
  2 ) compare to old rift herald buff it 's way more valuable , it fees like it 's equal to dragon if you ask my opinion, 
  3 and 4 ) i guess it can work with any champion and with any comp . 
  it makes split pushers even push harder , tanks to do split pushing without building dmg , teams without good front line have a front line . 
  only problem is you can use it only once . 
  5 ) she still got that eye on her back so an assassin or a champ like trynda can kill it fast imo . 
  6 ) toplaner or jungler should take it , toplaner can use it to super splitpush , jungler can use it after a team fight, 
  7 ) it is still too early to predict the utilizing the new rh , i 'm really looking forward to see it on worlds think about the backdoors might happen with it, 
  edit : after you kill the herald you need to use it in 240 sec ... ... why riot whyyyyyyyy, 
  nothing actually , nobody chooses their nationality , so there is no meaning to be proud of born as a turk, 
  my point is being proud of something which you cant choose is just not logical , as you give example like your gender or simples things like your hair color , eye color height even your name is not something that you should be proud of . 
  cuz you got no influence on them . 
  you can call yourself lucky for them . 
  on the other hand you can be proud of the things you done in your life , things shaped by your own desicions . 
  that will be all, 
  as a trynda main with an ashe main ex gf this makes me sad : /,
