1 ) yea super fed against mf who can destroy you early game, 
  2 ) yea we lost tf cuz their team always focuses me and i cant go in cuz of amumu, 
  3 ) i placed scimitar to ' 3 ' instead of ' 4 ' which i used to, 
  ok doublelift you are the best ( wtf no clue to scimitar check the enemy team thats the clue ), 
  yes i agree that was a clean up but cmon its still a penta ^ ^, 
  i always hate dolans blade - ring - shield . 
  lets make them phreaks blade - ring - shield, 
  that happens me 7-8 / 10 games and really riot must do something, 
  well bro imo muting is not enough cuz there is such idiots in our community like i was jungler and i go to gang mid which gives fb and i get the kill guess what happened he started crying ` ks wtf noob jungler ' and i ignored then he start too feed intentionally gg . 
  well then i tell to enemy team to report him and the answer was ` nope we will honor him ' wtf !, 
  finally a man with same thought with me !, 
  i totally agree with you man . 
  riot must find a solution for this problem, 
  what is his tier ? 
  i bet that its high like gold i or plat . 
  my team got 2 trolls and this ezreal tells this gg, 
  riot fix this solo q, 
  ty guys for your commends i hope same thing happens to you, 
  same thing happens at low elo games too im silver iii and one gold v dude comes and plays nida supp check this out = http://prntscr.com/15zq1x, 
  riot fix this !!, 
  you guys know nothing about who is this dude at the picture right ? 
  this is solo turk which is not a military based thing this is just for the entertainment , he does shows all around the turkey at special days, 
  now you can keep talk about your bullshit . 
  yes pls he needs buff after that ap trynda nerf u guys actually nerf ad trynda too, 
  as a main adc single guy i found this offensive :(, 
  ps : im playing with alot of girl supports my i should gift to them, 
  man today something like this happened to me too, 
  i was in champ select when its my turn to pick i was thinking about what to pick and i still got 17 seconds to choose and suddenly client dodged !!, 
  thats how i lost my promo :(, 
  pls riot fix this, 
  which one got 600 movement spd ? which one got 500 + healing , which one can deal 950 dmg with only lich bane, 
  nick : mrbeattbox - goldv - get better at top and desicion making, 
  call me beatt :d actually i got some problems 1 ) raging 2 ) when to group up with the team 3 ) idk why but i cant carry well with adc anymore which is my main actually, 
  1 ) raging : this is a serious problem of mine first of all i should give you some info about myself im gold 5 adc and top player , i can play all popular adc s without a problem and at toplane i mastered tryndamere ( yea i know its bad but i love it ), 
  bad supports make me really rage like i shout in my room cuz of it but i dont type anything to the chat mostly but when i play toplane with trynda , lee , garen , renekton i feel like i get camped like always and our jungle really never cares about top ... this time i use chat with rage and dont even tell me to buy wards cuz i do , 
  2 ) grouping up : i got no idea actually why are we doing this cuz at bot if they dont gang me every minute % 75 i win my lane at top its even higher with the gangs sometimes i win my lane % 80 mb so why should i group up at mid and try to get that tower while i can get the 2nd top or bot tower and isnt that better i take the attention of the enemy team so my mid or bot can push easily or take dragon, 
  3 ) adc :( i started playing adc role at mid season 2 and at that times i loved it cuz it was amazing at that times vayne , graves , cait , was my mains at that time . 
  but something happened at s3 like nerfing all adc items and adc era ended at s3 i got much problems like cant carry the games it never happened to me in s2 if i was fed it was gg but in s3 it was gone and its going like this in s4 too cuz new meta supports support annie , support leblank , morgana , with these supports and new assasins like zed , rengar , khazigs make the adc impossible to carry games so what i want is advice for how to carry with adc , my mechanics are good for a gold player ( i hope :d ), 
  so yeah i would be happy to get some lessons too ty for reading it bye for now :d, 
  i got some questions about top lane, 
  i actually main adc but when its taken i go top . 
  my champ pool is not that large but im really confident on my tryndamere . the problem is i got camped really hard like 7/10 games enemy jungler and mid gangs me . 
  it really really turns me mad cuz no matter how many ward i buy they find another way to gang . 
  75 % i survive with low health so i need to go back and i miss alot of ex and cs, 
  so i want an advise from diamonds how to react to camp as top laner, 
  gold 5 is even worst then bronze, 
  this is gold 5 nobody listens here no matter how polite i say them , fuck it i just hate this game, 
  6 th series lost riot is putting this morons intentionally, 
  there is no explaining for that, 
  how hard can it be to focus lb ha or just protect me from wukong, 
  no this ppl got no idea about this game, 
  idk how they get out from bronze, 
  im done with this fckng game, 
  sorry but atleast let me rage at the end of the game , i can keep calm ingame chat but when the game is over , i will leash my rage to this fuckers 6th times this fckng series lost 6 fckng times , my idea about getting maw + scimitar was bursting lb if she tries to dive me and actually it worked i manage to get her low from full hp to clone phase but wukong and trynda jumped o my while my thresh watches this movie , that ryze was just chasing ulted sivir ... so nobody helped me there nobody . 
  thanks to riots new idea = fuck the adc , buff the midlane, 
  1 fed mid can carry the whole game really nice, 
  and btw i was 7/0 at botlane but our great victor dont know giving ss and my great support dont know what warding is lb roamed every lane specially bot ... im done . 
  adc or top cant carry the games , only op mid champs , ty riot, 
  its not your bussiness, 
  hello everyone, 
  well mb im gold 4 but my midlane skills are bronze 5 , i generally play adc or toplane and i feel safe at this both lanes but midlane is totally open for gangs from everyside and every lane is able to gang you that really makes me paranoid.like even buying 2 wards is not enough sometimes, 
  well my questions are ;, 
  1 ) what do you suggest me to play ? 
  im able to play lux , ziggs , and brand . 
  and how should i train myself, 
  2 ) how can i protect myself from gangs ? 
  3 ) generally in rankeds someone definetly goes mid but when they left the mid to me , what is the safest pick ? 
  4 ) i learn how to trade at bot lane or top but im not sure how to do it at mid , how to trade at mid lane ? 
  5 ) which one is important taking mid tower first or ganging other lanes ? 
  6 ) and after this rune changes im not sure to what kind of runes to pick , could you guys write down your standard ap runes here ? 
  hmm alright ty bro, 
  , in season 2 , 3 i was playing him really well but right now i just suck with it . 
  omg , finally i found my ppl . 
  can i join to capslock brotherhood ? 
  i added you, 
  i 'll play tonight, 
  why swedish only ? 
  if im still cant carry this noobs , how i can proud myself : / . 
  i hate this game [ ranked scoreboard ] ( http://prntscr.com/3ejik3 ), 
  [ my last ranked :( ] ( http://prntscr.com/3ejik3 ), 
  [ here ] ( http://euw.op.gg/match/observer/id=1450253838 ) you can download that games replay, 
  my question is what could i do to win that game , i feel reallly bad for that lost if i win that game i would get in to series : / pls help, 
  add me ign : mrbeattbox, 
  [ this is why i hate this game 1 ] ( http://prntscr.com/3jg65d ), 
  [ this is why i hate this game 2 ] ( http://prntscr.com/3jg6pb ), 
  result = its impossible to carry with adc , its impossible to snowball , its impossible to have fun from this game anymore, 
  ty riot well done , have fun with your bullshit game im fckng out, 
  go fuck yourself son of a bitch, 
  `` go fuck yourself , you son of a bitch . '', 
  no i will keep my anger up , till i start getting normal teammates, 
  [ take a look you idiot ] ( http://prntscr.com/3jmi5o ) , [ or even better look at this ] ( http://www.lolking.net/summoner/euw/22283885#matches/1475830642 ), 
  i had 2 dragons and 3 turrets isnt that enough !!!, 
  im not feeling sorry for anything , its just fckng anger , riot is making this game just for losers , if they survive till 35 min they get a equal chance to win the game . 
  but who cares in a community like this . 
  keep downvoting me you idiots . i dont fckng care, 
  im not gon na adopt i will continue to climb like this while you stuch somewhere with your '' perfect '' attitude, 
  man in black lucian pls pls pls pls pls pls, 
  / r/summonerschool, 
  ` omg die in hell you all teemo players ' i just said it #noregrets, 
  i want to chop them with my sultan trynda,
