  dedication :p, 
  sell boots buy trinity force, 
  hey this is totally from [ pentatonix - daft punk ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3mteslpxcpo ) video its cool ok but isnt this kinda stealing ? 
  buy a skin !, 
  ^ problem ^ ?!? 
  dont buy this game , really its not worth , go play the crew its the same shit, 
  sorry but that was how you lived in that ages , strongs crushed weak . 
  check all the history . 
  europeans did this to all their colonies , americans did it to natives . 
  why doesnt that history bothers you but when its armenians you get triggered ? 
  dont take it personally , i just want to state that ;, 
  *** fuck teemo and the people who plays it and the people who designed it ***, 
  thank you for reading this comment, 
  feel free to drop your hateful replies and downvotes . 
  have a great day , 
  meanwhile ppl make fun of me as `` hard stuck at gold '' with my 29 games ... 
  i approve , that is lovely, 
  i dont have any problem with english but my father always states that english is a retarded language cuz of the `` endtable '' . 
  his argument is `` who the hell calls that endtable , its meaningless '' . 
  i just want a riot employee tell this guy, 
  `` yes we know '', 
  bronze 4 player got a girlfriend ? 
  that doesnt sound right, 
  old mafia graves is hands down had the smoothest and most satisfying aa animation , nothing is even close to it right now . 
  my trynda gets banned by my team atleast once every week , their excuses are fucking stupid aswell . 
  im tired to dodge games and wait cuz of these assholes . 
  i just play to report them at the end of the game with the screenshot . 
  i hope one day they will get punishment for what they did . 
  and no, 
  good luck op btw i am thinking of buying the same toshiba harddrives could you pls check if they can really read at 200 mb/s + ? 
  hello awesome pcmr community, 
  i might get some good amount of money soon and maybe finally get rid of the pc that i got right now so befor i come to my question let me explain the situation, 
  right now i have 2 full hd 60 hz monitor which i connect them to my 1050ti with dvi and hdmi , on top of these monitors i am thinking of a new 27 inc 1440p 144 hz monitor with adaptive sync powered by possibly with vega 64 so in the end i am dreaming of a triple monitor setup, 
  so questions, 
  1 ) will adaptive sync work on this kind of setup ? 
  2 ) can a single vega 64 will be enough to power this triple setup or would you recommend another gpu or crossfire ? 
  3 ) should i just get rid of 1 monitor that i have and buy a ultra-wide monitor making it dual monitor setup ? 
  will this give a better performance ? 
  4 ) games that im playing are wow , pubg , lol . 
  what kind of fps average should i expect ? 
  this will be all , thank you all who spend their time to read this, 
  cheers ^ ^, 
  first of all ty for the reply , i should have stated that im planning to use the middle monitor as the main monitor so the other monitors will be displaying chat or web browser, 
  about the 3rd question i wanted to mean instead of 3 monitors will having 2 monitors can improve the performance ? 
  and lastly i am thinking of building a ryzen build with 1700 on aio liquid cooler so i can oc it ^ ^, 
  ty again, 
  thank you for spending time t answer me ; i should have stated that i will be building a high end ryzen build with 1700 or 1700x with aio cooler so i will have good head room to oc . 
  since it will take 1 or 2 months to get my payment i am just hoping that prices to fall . 
  about the 2nd question its my fault that i didnt state i am planing to play only at middle screen the others wont be doing any gaming . 
  so can i expect 100hz + on main monitor ? 
  and 3rd question no if i buy the ultrawide , i will only use that to play games on the other one will be there for simple tasks . 
  and lastly im still not sure how much i can spend on the parts but mainly it will be ryzen 7 cpu , high-end mb , hopefully vega 64 if not gtx 1080 and lastly samsung 960 evo 500 gb ( i have seen how fast it is , i really need that in my life :p ), 
  once again ty for helping me out, 
  i think op should post it to / r/aww to milk those sweet karma with `` turkey ; land of cats '' as the title, 
  another question is can a 1080ti single handedly power this kind of monitors ? 
  i am jealous , not in a crazy way but i feel bad when my gf laughs to someone else 's joke or when she spends time with someone else then me : / it kinda gets better with time but first couple of weeks im probably not a bf girls might want . 
  looks like you spend all the money to the monitor, 
  as you can see from the comments you did the right thing by leaving this fckng game and community behind, 
   this game is not about who is better , it is about who is the worst . 
  if you get the worst player on your team you will lose , and that is n't fun at all . 
  totally true , im tired of carrying those morons out of their ignorence oblivion , im tired to explain what they are doing wrong , and also im fckng tired of getting called `` flamer '' after i tell their mistake to their face . 
  ppl ask why do i bother with them just ignore it . 
  sorry but i cant bare to watch this pity mistakes over and over, 
  its good that every patch game gets even worse so my addiction to it decreases , hopefully one day i will leave this game and its community behind me, 
  life of tryndamere ofc, 
  kalista : 175k, 
  man i never think about this from tourist point of view , it must be terrifying for them right ? 
  poor tourists man :p, 
  where are all this armenian genocide justice seeker group now ? 
  this is your chance to alter the fckng history but nobody gives a shit . 
  but when it comes to blaming turks who live in 2017 with the 100 year passed genocide you think you `` made a difference '' `` showed who is the right to them '' right ? 
  its just pity how ppl alter the value of the human life if its not in their interest, 
  cya all at next r/all armenian genocide memorialise post , you revenge seeking groop, 
  i saw more arabs then turks . 
  feelsbadman, 
  do you really expect him to reply this brother ? 
  let him make his advertisement of `` k\u00fcrtler cici , t\u00fcrkler pis , kaka '' if only everything was that easy, 
  can one riot member can explain me this cuz its really madness !, 
  cmon what can we do when its 4 vs 5 why are we losing same amount of lp like a normal lost ? 
  i hope you guys understand me ty for reading this post . 
  this is what i got today :, 
  draven is the easiest snowballing adc in my opinion right now cuz of that great passive and he really dont have much counters, 
  as adc varus is a good counter to him cuz of e and after 6 his ult if draven cant catch axes its gg but im not sure about other counter adc s, 
  as support he is weak against leo blitz and thresh ( and mb lulu ) but thats all i mean if you look overall he is really strong at everything ;, 
  so my question is to diamonds and good adc s ; how to counter draven , how to play against him , what to pick , what to build , push the lane or not ? 
  yea im looking for a support , its better to own some adcs like vayne draven cait graves ez lucian varus and jinx, 
  support must be good at ; thresh , leona , annie , nami , morgana and janna, 
  well i know i want alot of things but i got a feel like you can win or lose botlane at championselect so these requirements are just for champselect trades, 
  if you wan na play with me you can just add me : mrbeattbox, 
  [ euw ] yea im looking for a support , its better to own some adcs like vayne draven cait graves ez lucian varus and jinx, 
  support must be good at ; thresh , leona , annie , nami , morgana and janna, 
  well i know i want alot of things but i got a feel like you can win or lose botlane at championselect so these requirements are just for champselect trades, 
  if you wan na play with me you can just add me : mrbeattbox, 
  im looking for a really good support cuz im done with random assholes who fuck the lane up ,, 
  i need a support who is maining leona thresh lulu nami and janna, 
  im able to play any adc but my prefered carrys are draven lucian graves vayne cait varus and ez, 
  and for trading i prefer a support who got these adc champs, 
  if you thing that you are good , feel free to add me ign : mrbeattbox, 
  its self explained i want them to play and record a video after 3 games and i want them to make a review of it, 
  1 ) did they have fun ?
