  rma that cat immediately , it must be broken bro, 
  you basically throw a frozen mallet to a standart build , i approve frozen is a good last item if you going to teamfight and catch some ppl off guard + 700 hp is huge . 
  overall good build, 
  standart runes masteries and spells will do the trick . 
  trynda main here i think i found some mistakes here do n't get me wrong this is 99.9 % true and very detailed well written post . 
  but for early game u ca n't poke or punish trynda before 6 , u wo n't be able to make a good trynda player to waste his spin . 
  when jax uses helicopter trynda will just run back , if you are getting close then he would spin away but if he is not low then he wo n't even spin and bait you to jump on him . 
  if he is low , to prevent you to jump on him he will spin in to the bush . 
  you may say i will ward the bush and jump on him . 
  congratz you just wasted your ward for a stun a bit of burst which trynda will heal up anyway and now you do n't have a ward for river and probably you pushed the lane towards to trynda so you are open for a easy gank , * do n't do that * . 
  jax is one of the most fun top lane duel for trynda so pls do n't fall to that trick and become an easy pray, 
  well my rank is only gold so i might be wrong but i know how toplane works so this is a honest point of view . 
  best regards from a trynda main, 
  ( sorry for bad grammar and bad edit . 
  typing from phone at lecture ), 
  i got double of that amount, 
  i got every skin for trynda and i do n't see the aa difference , but sultan is the best looking imo, 
  cry me a river baby :p but seriously guys dont tilt your enemy too damn hard they find were we hang out, 
  all of them are good imo . 
  but this is the order from best to worst i guess sultan  warring  king = demonblade  nightmare  highlander  beast hunter  viking, 
  i am from \u0130stanbul where some f-16 s pass like 50 meters above my house , the first boom nearly scred windows , the impact of that sonic booms are not recordable cuz it 's not only the sound . 
  it 's the shock wave that hits your chest . 
  and you need to make them fade away i believe your footage is from ankara that footage took from a tower so nothing is blocking the sound thats why jets sound never fades away, 
  do n't be anti social pls ... 
  u guys are sick ... 
  i bet you enjoy when u step on a mushroom, 
  i have tried adc , jungle and mid . 
  sounds crazy but with a good blitz , thresh , nautilus you can wreck botlane , mid lane is viable as well but enemy can just stay under turret so u need to roam and this effects your gold income . 
  jungle on the other hand is so solid role for you . 
  you got heal , you got gank opportunities with your slow , you can counter jungle so i think jungle is better out of 3, 
  u will understand why graves ca n't be a adc anymore when you literally ca n't deal dmg to 1 hp enemy staying behind the minions . 
  [ this one is good i guess ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8ku9l8btdje ) i will try to find more but that one is basicly the thing we heard, 
  we cant man it always 60/60 damn it, 
  i got 2 build and even i dont know which one feels better, 
  ad jungle item ( warrior what its called i guess ) + statikk + bork, 
  i finish statikk first then the jungle item then the lifesteal and while doing that i buy boots at some point . 
  im not the best jungler + with the new season routes has been changed but red + 1 raptor + krug gets you to lvl 3 they say so i guess you can get lvl 3 and gank somewhere or you can power farm but still i havent played enough jungle trynda this season so idk if power farming still reliable . 
  you can solo dragon easily and get rift herald for your toplane aswell you can even solo rift herald aswell thanks to the nerf on his dmg, 
  dont worry explotion side is way far from any houses so he is definetly fine, 
  guys it might be unrelated to the post but i got ta ask , would you buy that monitor if you want a ultra wide 1440p with 100 hz even tho u gon na use gtx 1070 . 
  i 'm not a hardcore fps player i play arma 3 , bf4 , cities skylines and league of legends . 
  all i want is affordable and good quality wide-screen, 
  ** thats what u get if you mess up with tryndamere **, 
  if only i could record the ingame chat lul , btw i didnt die to him he killed lux somehow and i died to jinx rocket :p, 
  op you should find out what type of mouse holder you are , claw or palm or idk i forget the names of it and sorry english is not my mother tongue . 
  anyway my hand is medium sized but my hold is palm touch , so i really like huge surface on mouse . 
  i 'm using g500s ( had g500 for 3 years . 
  died because of harsh fps gaming ) and i 'm really happy with it it gives me enough surface and adjustable weight makes it smooth on any mouse pad . 
  not sure if you can find it brand new tho so i guess you might try the g502, 
   1.10 fps is totally playable . 
  this made my day ahahahahah totally agreed , i was playing arma 3 with amd cpu and no matter what i ca n't get more then 20 fps sometimes it goes low as 10 and i was still able to play, 
  before the arma 3 i never thought that i will be able to play a game sub 30 fps . 
  thank you arma 3 :p, 
  man why rito is trying to make kalista `` easier '' this change just helps to ppl who ca n't use e effectively at landing phase , in a team fight now you can use your e to slow them without sacrificing your dmg . 
  all she needs is bullshit att speed reduction at slows and that 90 % ad shit its not that hard rito pls, 
  and here i am checking if anyone said trynda mains , : / feels bad man . 
  even ashe do n't like us i guess ... 
  hello to my fellow trynda main brother , wp on that plays . 
  got a question tho i like to play with ghost not flash . 
  i wonder what do you think of ghost on tryndamere . 
  should i try to learn using flash on trynda ? 
  ( i know how to do e  flash but i feel like ghost gives me more chasing opportunity ), 
  ty for the reply man cleared alot of questions in my mind ^ ^, 
  why not find a middle point like me ;, 
  masteries : 18-12-0 fervor of battle with 2 % lifesteal, 
  as first item you can go long sword so you can rush 550 gold ( first blood fck yeah ) and get vampiric or get dorans blade and rush statikk . 
  either way you got 15 % lifesteal with vampiric or 8 % lifesteal with dorans blade and you still have fervor of battle . 
  for me its working like a charm . 
  some say i lack att speed but im used to this speed tbh . 
  problem with warlord is you dont get the full stats of it till you get 20 % hp . 
  if you are in a fight and go below 20 % you will ult anyway . 
  warlord can make you survive 1 or 2 more sec and thats nothing compared to fervors dmg output . 
  \u0130t only takes 4 aa to get full stack and you can crit with it . 
  its insanely good . 
  well but i 'm pretty ok with my logitech g430 it has a virtual surround sound system by dolby . 
  and it 's working pretty well when it comes to giving the direction of the sound , saved my ass so many times . 
  so in conclusion i do n't think surround sound headsets are not that bad . 
  they work as the intended . 
  csgo is not a game that you need 3d surround sound , try games like arma 3 and battlefield series . 
  thats where you need to pin point where the shots are coming from . 
  csgo is a game you play on same 3 or 4 maps over and over . 
  5 $ heatset will do fine at csgo . 
  when it comes to arma 3 you need to pin point the enemy sniper overwatch only with your ears when they shoot . 
  thats why surround headset is better on arma 3 or bf, 
  [ here is the op.gg link ] ( http://euw.op.gg/summoner/username=tryndamere%20bot ) but im still not playing seriously like im trying to dive 3 vs 1 and stuff like that . 
  i like to go bork builds with statikk . 
  it feels decent, 
  s + for editing :p, 
  how is this even related to league ? 
  how am i suppose to visualize and understand my `` mistake '' getting one shot by rengar in the middle of my team ? 
  and how can this calm me even ? . 
  in 45 days of your league career what did you even witness ? 
  if acting like pollyanna un-tilts , then im fine with my tilting ty . 
  if a random stranger that you will never ever see says that `` you suck '' and you got tilted by this ; then you are just weak . 
  summary of this subreddit = blame nobody but yourself for every fckng thing happened in your life ; even global warming is your fault, 
  just read the posts at this subreddit . 
  nothing is served on silver plater but cleaver is a really good item cuz armor pen + movement spd , fervor  warlords . 
  masteries i use 18-12-0 fervor but it depends on what u like and items are depends on what u like there is standart shiv  bork  ie its a good path for starters, 
   i realized that i do less dmg to champions from mostly anybody in my team mostly even if im fed or carry . 
  you are doing something wrong then , with trynda you should always get the most dmg to champs in both teams .
