  why are you generalising us ? 
  the vast majority of people have nothing against polish people . 
  i live in a town with a * huge * polish population . 
  my county has one of the largest populations of poles in the entire country . 
  the only people who attack/abuse them are already considered human filth by all standards anyway . 
  please do n't paint a picture in your head that is incorrect . 
  there are more poles in my town than not , and i 've never had a problem with them , and they 've never had a problem with me . 
  i have friends who are the children of polish immigrants , and they integrate very well into society . 
  most people , especially the young , have no problem at all with poles . 
  the people committing these attacks in no way represent the greater english population . 
  old = nice now then ? 
  fuck that , these turbines look futuristic as hell . 
  i guess it depends on what you personally prefer , but there are many who find the modern , technological style things are taking to be a sight to behold . 
  considering every scottish constituency voted remain , you guys are gone . 
  time to change my flair to the england flag . 
  it 's weird . 
  the eu is now worth less than the us again . 
  it was , i believe , about $ 1 trillion ahead . 
  now it will be almost $ 2 trillion behind . 
  here 's [ the shambles ] ( http://i.imgur.com/fxcjljn.jpg ) in york ( pictured in op 's comment ) , at night . 
  i 've been to [ lincoln castle ] ( http://s0.geograph.org.uk/geophotos/02/77/75/2777515_ad87e3c3.jpg ) , among many others . 
  you can go inside the grounds . 
  often they do medieval fairs and reenactments , sometimes they have live musical performances with drink and food there . 
  go there for an event and it 's fucking great . 
  you do n't get to go inside the actual buildings , i do n't believe , but you get to go inside the grounds and onto the walls etc. 
  to be honest there are just as many nice areas . 
  but we have some serious wealth inequality issues in the uk . 
  in england alone we have 55 million people , there 's a lot of diversity . 
  most towns have lower , middle , upper class and full on posh areas , distribution being roughly ~ 30/40/20 / 10 percentage wise , from my experience . 
  i probably exaggerated a bit in my original comment , looking back at the picture , but there are a lot of what we call `` council estates '' that are fairly grimy and not appealing to the eye . 
  obviously nothing against the folk that live there , but rather than cleaning these places up , we tend to build entirely new , more modern estates , and then try and move everyone up a tier . 
  older , upper-middle class people living in regular detached houses retire and buy into the new estate , then slightly younger people living in semi-detached , middle market houses move up into the detached houses and start a family or move their family into it . 
  etc etc. 
  it seems to be the cycle that i 've noticed in my years living between two small-medium sized towns in england . 
  overall it 's not as bad as it seems , but there 's more places like op posted than we let out . 
  however , most people live comfortably here , whatever their class/housing . 
  obviously those that earn more get more luxuries and space , but the lower class is n't exactly haiti standards of living , but do n't get to spend on luxury goods and space . 
  i 'm a brit and there 's places like that * everywhere * . 
  if you 've ever seen the film grimsby , the atmosphere of the shithole where nobby lives is pretty accurate of every terraced estate in industrial/coal mining towns . 
  when the pits closed , they basically turned to first world slums . 
  god us brits are fucking shit at this . 
  canada , japan or australia . 
  agreed . 
  how would refugees help that , though ? 
  the vast majority have no education at all , compared to at least a primary/secondary school level . 
  additionally , the refugees mostly come from cultures where it 's the norm to have huge families of like 12 kids . 
  so you 'd be getting more uneducated people having even more children . 
  best to improve education outreach and quality imo . 
  refugees are needed in places like germany , because germany has a low workforce that lowers more by the year , and is a huge industrial power so it constantly needs fresh labour . 
  it 's not that you did n't hit the sheets enough , necessarily , it 's that your country lost 12 million + young , reproductive males over the course of 30 years with a great depression in between and a lot of political turmoil . 
  add post-war struggles , guilt , east/west germany and you can see why there 's problems . 
  is n't the netherlands already dense as fuck ? 
  there 's like 20 million people in an already small country that 's like half under the sea level . 
  also the netherlands has a pretty high fertility rate of almost 2 kids per woman . 
  pretty sure the population is n't aging , or at least not as bad as germany . 
  what do you want them for ? 
  have you ever been skiing ? 
  not saying your opinion is wrong or anything , but skiing is fucking incredible ( imo ) and i think that , if you have never done it , you should try it . 
  that 's probably because poland is mega fucking christian , and any threat to that state of things is unwelcome . 
  traitor . 
  popular english names that are less popular in other countries ? 
  beowulf maybe ? 
  i mean really it would be all the old english ones , as modern ones are used all throughout the commonwealth , christian/jewish countries and the english speaking world . 
  you 'd have stuff like edgar and aethelstan , arthur is less common nowadays , albert , frederick , stuff like that . 
  still valid names , only not very common now and some would be considered weird . 
  they 're debating adding turkey , which is n't geographically in europe ( except istanbul which is like 5 % of the country ) , so fuck it why not ? 
  just give us 3 and a bit years , then have a go . 
  scotland did get a referendum ; they voted to stay in the uk . 
  not at all . 
  the elders do it ( 70 + people ) , nobody else does . 
  it would be weird as fuck . 
   pet project it 's kind of his business , not just a pet project . 
  he 's trying to grow his business . 
  agreed . 
  well we just left the eu so they 're not allowed in any more , same with all them polies and musslems . 
  that will probably be standard america food in an american diner though . 
  in england , it 's different . 
  like if you had a traditional `` english pub '' somewhere in your town/city , they would server food that seemed foreign and interesting to you , but normal to us . 
  i did n't mention anything about the continent , i was talking about sweden and the u.k. 
  i find it crazy that you can get * west nile * virus in alaska . 
  like what the fuck . 
  that 's actually pretty good . 
  i wish we had that word :(, 
  it 's mostly the rolled `` r '' that does it . 
  it just sounds too slavic to fit in with any of our words and speech . 
  probably old as fuck , then . 
  it 's where our word for `` little '' came from . 
  i used to be like that . 
  then i discovered the nsfw side of reddit . 
  now i 'm ashamed at the number of names and companies i know , and i 'm way too fucking picky about what i watch . 
  maybe i need a break . 
  ah , i have n't heard many english natives using it , but pretty much all of us know what it means . 
  [ special army soldiers . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nf0e3st_jeg ), 
  would you not use `` l\u00fctzel '' for little ? 
  is that not the direct translation ? 
  nothing makes friends like drunken bar talk . 
  if a stranger tried to start a conversation with me , while i 'm going about my day , i 'd be a bit miffed . 
  i just want to go from point a to point b and back without having to talk to random people . 
  now , asking questions is fine , i accept that .
