this is such an ignorance of the reality that we live in , i do n't even know where to begin . 
   it was a conscious decision by the british public . 
  51 % of the british public . 
  49 % voted against it . 
  i know the `` majority rules '' thing , but there 's literally a 2 % differential . 
   yeah , but only to appease the locals . 
  you , a german , are telling me , an englishman , that my country is only a country to `` appease the locals '' ? 
  there 's definitely a lot more behind it than that , maybe you need to read up on english history , it was your own people that formed the country i live in today , funnily enough . 
   well , i certainly can not understand a bavarian speaking bavarian . 
  i ca n't understand a scottish person speaking scots or scottish gaelic . 
  so at least it puts us on the same page there . 
  although , obviously , all scottish people speak english , as i bet bavarians know standard german . 
  at the end of the day , officially and factually , england , scotland , wales and n. ireland are all countries . 
   the uk consists of four countries : england , scotland , wales , and northern ireland . 
  straight from [ here ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/united_kingdom ) . 
  also , there 's a far greater disparity between the english ( clue is in the name here ( angle ) ) and the scottish , than there is between bavaria and any other german kingdoms . 
  additionally , bavarian is a dialect of german , not a separate language . 
  it is mutually intelligible with other german dialects . 
  the point is , they are not considered countries now . 
  whereas the countries in the uk * are * . 
  and your initial point was that the uk is made up of constituent parts/regions , when it 's a sovereign entity made up of countries . 
  they 're not considered different countries today , though . 
  england is classified , officially , as a country . 
  so are the rest of the countries in the uk . 
  also , there are way more ethnic , cultural and linguistic differences historically between scotland and england , for example , than prussia and bavaria . 
  a better analogy would be the hre . 
  it was a union of many constituent countries . 
  you 're being sarcastic ? 
  they 're countries because of historic , cultural , ethnic and linguistic differences between them . 
  and they * used * to be different countries . 
  the uk has existed for about 300 years . 
  before that , every country that constitutes to the uk now , was its own country entirely ( obviously n. ireland was non-existent ) . 
  maybe learn some history before the tudor period that you were taught about in primary school , and you 'll see why and how the different countries of the uk formed , and why there 's such a big difference between two countries of the uk , and two regions of germany/spain etc. 
  yes but the first part is true . 
  the uk is a union of individual countries . 
  eg england is a country within the sovereign state of the united kingdom . 
  they have ground/silo based nukes anyway , not like a jet is necessary when the only place they 'd be nuking is hugging their north-western border . 
   non-agression pact means jack shit if there 's no accountability . 
   the invasion was held without declaration of war that gives them the biggest advantage . 
  in war , you will take what will give you said advantage . 
  all this `` rules '' bullshit . 
  if you want to win , sometimes you have to play dirty . 
  if they lose less men and take more land by going straight in , no declaration , why would n't they do that ? 
  downvoted when russians are the ones firing artillery from across the fucking border . 
  i mean , i accept that it 's staged , however i find it funny that i 'm hearing it from a russian . 
   anglosphere where 's denmark ? 
  your strict and unsightly morals have turned you blind to ~ ~ true ~ ~ appropriate justice . 
  humans are emotional animals , revenge is a natural part of life . 
  if someone does something despicable and takes away someone that was innocent and valuable to society , people tend to want to get back at that person . 
  they tend to be seen as a threat to the rest of the troop and we want to mitigate any threats . 
  i believe in the judicial system but these bastards should at * least * be sent back to iraq . 
  they have lost the right to remain in europe . 
  we do n't rape here without strict consequences . 
  if you come from a foreign land , have faith and money put into your contribution to society , and then rape someone , you have forfeited your place in our civilisation . 
  i think that once you strip someone else of their dignity , you do not have the right to dignity yourself . 
  iraq is n't as much of a warzone as it once was , although it does have problems , the men in question were probably more economic migrants . 
  iraq is n't in the midst of a massive civil war like syria . 
  they have terrorism , but with coalition support they are mostly on top of it . 
  sending them back to baghdad or somewhere in the southern 75 % of the country is not going to put them in an active warzone . 
  they lost their rights to live in the first world when they raped a native woman who had likely grown up thinking that it was safe to walk the streets of her own home country . 
  maybe you 're a bit whitewashed , but you can take morality and `` decency '' too far at times , and be blind to justice . 
  if it were up to me these guys would get the lethal injection . 
  sending them back to iraq is a pale punishment in comparison to what many would do to these guys , particularly in prison . 
   stuffed on a plane back to baghdad . 
  that would be `` immoral '' . 
  i think we 've fucked everyone over at one point . 
  i think a roman invasion , then a germanic invasion , then a norman invasion just gave us this burning desire to subject everyone else to our plight . 
  yeah we were bastards for that period of history . 
  yes my mistake , i forgot it was france and not the coalition , seemed a bit dangerous with prussia just below but you guys did it anyway . 
  actual sanctions that are likely to do some serious damage to their economy . 
  limiting/banning jewel and fur exports ? 
  i 'm sure that 's really going to hit them hard . 
  it 's more like stabbing a bear with a needle . 
  you 've now just made it even more pissed off , and barely done anything to hurt it . 
  edit : also , and this is the biggest one , arms and training to the ukrainians . 
  see how the `` rebels '' fair against some proper western tanks/artillery and thorough training . 
  strongly worded letters . 
  shitty `` sanctions '' . 
  napoleon was more like united europe vs france . 
  prussia , austria-hungary , russia , britain and most of the hre all fought against france together in some form or another until france was finally defeated . 
  bastard temerians killing our people . 
  we are not an intelligent species . 
  we are not . 
   sweden surprise surprise . 
  hey !, 
  those are the stalwart men of the imperial guard !, 
  we kind of are a homoimperium . 
  if doing that makes you feel better . 
  so you also think that anyone who is right wing is `` vile '' ? 
  there 's regular stupid and then there 's / u/boxing _ eagle stupid . 
  how can we be better than them if we do as they do ? 
  christ , this is the second time i 've seen someone rallying for `` tit-for-tat '' attacks against brits . 
  why are there so many braindead people here all of a sudden ? 
  that 's not at all what voting leave meant . 
  exactly 0 polish people have been deported as a result of the referendum . 
  it has had almost no impact on immigration , and wo n't unless someone like ukip comes into power . 
  also , remember that 48 % voted remain , and you 're lumping those 48 % with the 52 % that voted leave ? 
  over 15 million people ? 
  the xenophobes that voted leave will be under the ground in a decade . 
  the majority of leave voters were old and uneducated .
