as someone who 's from there , i 'm not really in favour . 
  though we might as well annex the whole of flanders while we 're at it . 
  it 's okay , we 'll be glad to take it off your hands . 
  hashtag limburg irredenta . 
  i 'm sorry , i ca n't understand you . 
  could you please try removing that hot potato from your mouth before you speak ? 
  in all seriousness though , written danish and dutch do look somewhat similar . 
  i 'm a native speaker from the south , even i ca n't do it :p, 
  `` the mods have declared war on shitposts . 
  they cite ` containment ' as their casus belli . '', 
  the lie in this case , however , was also that brexit would in no way lead to # 350 million a week . 
  even the tories and ukip kinda swept that all under the rug after they ` won ' the referendum . 
  ca n't imagine that would work . 
  by the way , upvote this comment to magically make 350 million british pounds appear to fund the nhs !, 
  the embargo is actually a ploy by the english to make their food seem more palatable to foreigners . 
  the ultimate patriotic delicacy . 
  to compensate for brexit , we 're allowing * all * of the former uk territories to join . 
  who blame their belgian supplier . 
  ... hungarians ? 
  the finns finally realised they ca n't beat us , so they 're trying to join us . 
  as a limburger i can tell you that yes , yes it is ... 
  merkel : `` the safe word is ` austerity ' . '', 
  in an unrelated note , statistics show that the amount of people migrating to siberia has tenfolded the past few moments . 
  ah yes , the famous greek productivity !, 
  `` aber , joachim , i thought you promised ve vere going zu paris zis summer . '', 
  according to this chart , one . 
  but this is apparently after a frexit and a dexit . 
  i think they prefer the name czechia nowadays . 
   he suggested earlier this month that there were `` nazi remnants '' within nato . 
  ugh , nazi remnant insults are so march 2017 ... and , i believe , copyrighted by some political upstart in turkey . 
  as a dutchman , i usually down beers . 
   not the pukey/fighty people . 
  have you ever been to amsterdam ? 
  no , seriously , can you take a few of them ? 
  so a greek , a spaniard , a brit , and a chinese guy are sitting in this dorm room ... 
   it made rotterdam well accessible by car . 
  they had to , all our bikes were gone by then . 
  i hope the eu will be something that france and germany can both feel a decent sense of nationalism over , as they 're both the most influential states and one of the reasons for its founding . 
  then again , i can not think of any scenario where the rise in both french and german nationalism for their respective countries could conceivably go wrong . 
  i , for one , applaud this surge in german nationalism . 
  quite honestly , i could n't think of any possible scenario where that could go wrong . 
  ` diplomatic insult ' probably , after watching this sub . 
  btw , ` countries being mocked by the dutch ' is yet another list where finland 's above us . 
  75 % ( 30 out of 40 ) . 
  taking the american approach , and switching the name ` danish ' for ` dutch ' works surprisingly often in this case . 
  do n't tell the farmer !, 
  i think this is the best translation so far . 
  and this kind of stuff is why it 's not really that good of an idea to engage in trade treaties with the us that might , for example , remove foodstuff import rules even further . 
  r/mapswithoutflevoland . 
  they know they can do whatever they want to you , unless you 're literally the queen of england . 
  i regret to inform you that we are not able to personally suck it ourselves at this point . 
  however , we would gladly transfer you to one of our caribbean partners who are specialised in sucking its . 
  take that , finland !, 
  i heard they intercepted it when god wanted to give a flag to the estonians . 
  and those who do are doomed to watch idly by as others repeat it . 
  finally , something we can beat finland at . 
   the vast majority of subscribers never participate in r/europe . 
  just like with the actual eu activities , like elections . 
  in the netherlands , since people have the can ask to view their own medical records , doctors already have codes for certain stuff they do n't want their patients to read . 
  patient 's too stupid to take their medicine correctly ? 
  write it down using a code !, 
  had n't you noticed ? 
  we 're on r/europe ... 
  belgium received the discount flag after germany bought the premium colours . 
  i do n't know , i think merkel already conquered most of brussels without you guys realising it . 
  and therefore , as per tradition , the netherlands shall be just one spot below them on the global domination ranking . 
  make the ijsselmeer the south sea again !, 
  britain being designated the ` sick man of europe ' , while participating in a european conference/congress which decides the economic future of the country , and possibly its territorial integrity . 
  queen victoria must be turning in her grave . 
  breaking : france experiences worst drought in history after influx of climate scientists . 
  and my cheese !, 
  ~ ~ cause we all know that 's what the netherland 's famous for , and no other produce/edibles ~ ~, 
   convinced trump to think what a preposterous claim !, 
  this pun thread is just draghing on and on . 
  a quite apt reply , but i feel like we should firstly focus on the tusk at hand . 
  well , i mean , there 's still a decent chance that may happen . 
  i 'm not sure if that 's trudeau . 
  well , i mean , nice economy , strategic location , only slightly radioactive , and australia already joined eurovision . 
  so why not ? 
  on machines most probably made in china . 
  at least we can all agree that estonia is in no way part of any ` scandinavia ' . 
  alcoholism , another list where you 're above us ... 
  i actually think depressions are more of a danish thing . 
  what is ` raised relief ' that op is talking about ? 
  but please maintain a suitable distance . 
  well excuse me for supporting the local economy . 
  is there even a beach left at that point ? 
  surely the germans will already have tunneled through it , or turned it into a sandy version of swiss cheese . 
  we could always try to up the eu development aid budget ... 
  ironically , the huge mortality rates of the plague might have actually ended the middle ages as we stereotypically know them : with for example serfdom and people bound to their land of birth . 
  because both a lot of labourers and a lot of the nobles died , the remaining peasantry could demand much more rights , and the serfs could more easily slip away from their serfdom . 
  labour , after all , was in short supply , and fewer people were there to enforce a rigid class division and keep people in their villages . 
  edit : or at least in western european societies , see the comments below . 
  looks a bit as if the netherlands never upgraded its naval units after they reached the modern era , though i guess it might have accumulated some strong perks over the years . 
  i still condone the message of ~ ~ invading ~ ~ gloriously revolutioning britain though . 
  it is definitely a good read . 
  the language can be a bit archaic though , depending on the translation . 
  ` inferno ' , the part about descending into hell is also a bit more accessible than ` purgatory ' and ` paradise ' , as the latter are more theological/philosophical in nature . 
  i 'd still recommend inferno if you 're really into fantasy though . 
  well , you know , unless the true king of the britons or something comes along .
