  i read it on a facebook article my casually racist auntie margaret shared . 
  the german genocide country is namibia , a really underhighlighted part of history actually . 
  i feel like we should then firstly replace all the balkan flairs with a generic ` yugoslavia ' one , and then keep reminding those people that the other ethnic groups are the reason they 're not a great country anymore . 
  hilarity will ensue . 
  as if we 'd ever commit genocide and/or crimes against humanity for some sweet , sweet capitalistic profits !, 
  papi feels threatened . 
  awwww , i think he would look great on my coat ... 
  now widely available at the diy sections of selected bookstores near you !, 
  i see you 've taken a page from your own history books , and started shipping of undesirables to the americas ? 
  `` i 've lost part of my soul along the way . 
  but the saving , man , the savings ! '', 
  they actually put his coffin in one of the giant drills , to save on fuel . 
  luckily he 's french , or we 'd have had another attempted terror attack ... 
  i think it 's kinda neat they went out of their way to make the belastingdienst seem more likeable and approachable through that design ... 
  ` everyone knows '' usually is n't a great argument when you 're trying to prove immigrants , not norwegian youth , are doing these kinds of things . 
  besides , why would n't some small amounts of norwegian youth indulge in random acts of vandalism once in a while ? 
  i have to admit my norwegian is a bit rusty , but the article you link in your reply does n't say anything about the background of the youths the police arrested , nor does the article in the sub you linked to . 
  all that put aside , it 's furthermore also just a tad generalising to take one case of someone with an immigrant background and use it as an example of the conduct of the whole immigrant population ; while dismissing the fact that there might be hooligans within the norwegian population as well , even if it 's not certain from these news articles who many of the young people are . 
  edit : still ca n't grammar . 
  but does n't your article say that one man of foreign descent ( though he has the norwegian nationality ) has now been caught burning one car , and that it is n't even certain who burned the other sixteen ? 
  completely true !, 
  unfortunately , those alt-righters still keep popping up in these kinds of threads ... e : i ca n't grammar properly . 
  and lose the rest of flevoland ? 
  ca n't we just build a reverse polder around it and submerge the city ? 
  a testament to the dutchmen 's hubris !, 
  i say we repent now , and give almere back to the sea . 
  and we 'll make the north sea pay for it !, 
  not to mention the fact that we kinda partially owe our golden age to the opportunity to trade our fish for grain in the eastern sea region . 
  i 'm willing to bet it was a dangerously radicalised gust of southeastern wind , blowing straight from mecca !, 
  `` gas masks ? 
  ah , is it friday already ? '', 
  pasty is the new orange . 
  are you my mommy ? 
  denmark does . 
  and chisel those wooden shoes . 
  ~ ~ crap , i should be working ~ ~, 
  and that 's why we need to go back to that good old space-voc mentality !, 
  and therefore very gorgeous . 
  it 's because all the greek euros are german now . 
  what 's this then ? 
  people called romanes they go the house ? 
  then i say we kick 'em out of europe as well . 
  that 'll show those pretentious top-list-spot hoggers . 
  someone bring an iv ( intravenous vodka ) drip stat !, 
  `` hey , how about we go back to my place and integrate my economy in your single market ? '', 
  the problem is that we ca n't know for sure what 's in the tomb of the first emperor , because we have n't found a way to properly open it yet without damaging it . 
  though the high amounts of mercury in the landscape do suggest that the stories about rivers and lakes of mercury might be true . 
  though the sheer scale of the terracotta army , and the size of the burial complex are already amazing feats of engineering . 
  the aqueduct ? 
  ah , so this ` new zealand ' ( which name , i believe , is an obvious rip-off of one of our provinces ) is supposed to be like a lesser-known wales ? 
  fine , if they do n't want to come to europe , we 'll come to them . 
  scramble for africa/asia/polynesia / america anyone ? 
  i believe that difference is partially offset by the presence of relatively preventable diseases . 
  oh right , i sort of forgot we had that . 
  i was actually referring to limburg , and the [ vaalserberg ] ( https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/vaalserberg ) ( the vaalser mountain ) . 
  joke 's on you , i 'm from the mountainous part of the netherlands . 
  i 've seen one over a whopping 300 meter high !, 
  well , i mean , we 'd be glad to take them off your hands if you do n't want them ... 
  * looks at dutch flag * ah , were we gloriously invited back in again ? 
  hands people bills as ` identification ' . 
  i agree , let it come as a surprise instead . 
  quite frankly , i ca n't see how that could go wrong . 
  are you trying to von schlieffen your way onto the front page ? 
  that 'll surely never work ... 
  if you listen closely , you can hear a mildly annoyed farmer yell at some dasterdly kids in the distance . 
  when your economic future goes up in smoke ... 
  i think he 's invading kerkrade , we 'll also gladly give that to you if you just ask for it though ... 
  and in order to slowly work towards this goal of european unity , we 'll go ahead and steal belgium . 
  ukraine ? 
  * cue audience clapping and cheering *, 
  then why are they constantly so butthurt ? 
  obviously a false flag attempt . 
  and they soon will again during the post-brexit trade wars , the war of scottish independence , and the glorious revolution where charles finally takes the throne . 
  `` watch closely , as she tried to blend in into a field of wheat , while trying to hide from both the british electorate , and a mildly annoyed farmer . '', 
  is n't that the title of the queen 's speech this year ? 
  `` i 'll give you my malaria-transmitting mosquito , in exchange for either ten of your regular , itchy ones ; or two dengue-carrying ones . '', 
  i 'm pretty sure getting butthurt , or at least talking about it , is illegal in russia . 
  i heard somewhere ( i think it was on qi , so it might not be completely accurate ) that scammers often intentionally write in a suspicious way , to weed out people who are too ` smart ' to not fall for their scam . 
  it 's all a matter of time-management , as a single scammer can only maintain contacts with a given amount of people at any time . 
  it 's seen as more profitable to only focus on the gullible people , who are more likely to actually transfer them money and such , instead of dealing with people who they ca n't profit off anyway . 
  so you could say she gave the hard right of the cons a ` strong and stable position ' ? 
  ^ i 'll ^ let ^ myself ^ out ... 
  yeah , but the margins for the conservatives to lose their majority are relatively small , and might therefore fall within the margin of error of the polls . 
  for example , during the last elections , the difference in conservative votes between the exit poll and the real results were ( if i remember correctly ) about thirty seats . 
  i agree , the title makes it appear as if the conservatives did a pretty good job . 
  however , may called the elections when the conservatives had a massive lead in the polls , and they actually stand to lose their majority at the moment . 
  in terms of ` strong and stable government ' and a mandate for brexit , this is a minor disaster for the conservatives . 
  edit : though this is of course only an exit poll , and the actual results might quite heavily differ . 
  i think may ran the best campaign possible . 
  after all , you ca n't be called out on your horrendous policies if you do n't participate in any debates or answer any questions directly . 
  aside from the ( prospective ) loss of conservative seats , and the relative win of labour , i think it 's interesting that the snp appears to have lost a relatively large amount of seats . 
  indyref 2 seems further away now , depending , of course , on how brexit 'll turn out . 
  important note is that labour is up 34 seats , and the conservatives are down 17 , which means that the conservatives might not have a majority . 
  and it might mean that may made a relatively big mistake . 
  though this is of course only an exit poll . 
  and in return for this celebration of mutual camaraderie and reminder of france 's support during the american revolution , the grateful americans provided them with a lifetime supply of jokes about the uselessness and cowardice of the french . 
  obviously , a time-travelling kim jong-il gave the idea for the arc to the french . 
  a short walk around amsterdam in the early evening will also properly destroy the image of brits as classy . 
  `` in a recently released press statement , president of the european council , donald tusk , summarised the eu 's contingency plan towards the other european leaders , stating : `` build me an army worthy of brussels . '', 
  presuming this is a tory ad , i think it 's funny that they put brexit in the same category of ` bad elections ' as trump and/or corbyn winning .
