  though i guess it is nice that even they admit that it 's perfectly possible that labour might win the elections , or at least come in a close second . 
  our written languages are actually quite similar , but dutch is usually not pronounced like someone trying to speak with a hot potato in their mouth after downing three bottles of vodka . 
  we 're actually not * all * in the same boat , as we probably stole that boat from the british , and then set fire to their other boats . 
  the sun went all game of thrones on labour : `` my name is jeremy corbyn , friend of terrorists , enemy of business , destroyer of jobs , etc. 
  and i 've come to fight for the cushy seats . '', 
  at least we can now at least all sleep sound , safe in the knowledge that , should the robot uprising occur , we can at least be absolved of our sins , before our timely and inevitable fiery deaths . 
  did you happen to be near a local bank ? 
  do n't forget to attach a selfie with whatever cliff you 're stuck on !, 
  breaking : france fires first shot at germany . 
  it does sound a bit like a sloppy sequel to that certain book , that the publishers tried to use as a cheap money-grab after the ` success ' of the first one . 
  just wait until we can also include the flags of the southern netherlands to the collection . 
  excerpt from the novel : `` oh mrs. merkel , punish me . 
  punish me like i 'm a southern european government that tried to hide billions of national debt . '', 
  a * french * revolution , one could say . 
  bastille-storming intensifies . 
  burning 's a tad bad for the environment . 
  might i suggest composting instead ? 
  `` breaking : president trump denies possibility for impeachment , tweets `` i have n't had peaches in a long time . 
  i do n't even like them , they 're fake fruit . '', 
  special senate subcommittee to give comments soon . '', 
  and make germany pay for it . 
   why does sweden have an embassy in north korea it 's so they can more effectively badger the koreans about their multi-million dollar car debt . 
   ` why is the netherlands orange ? ', 
  it 's for american tourism purposes . 
  `` netherlands gained a reconquest casus belli on belgium . '', 
  does n't it hurt a bit that the whole purpose of belgium 's existence is to annoy the hell out of its neighbours ? 
  i 'd say you all stand up for yourselfs , and let flanders rejoin the netherlands . 
  that 'll show those nasty ` great powers ' . 
  well , a minor political crisis happened in that none of the parties really like each other enough to form a functioning coalition . 
  fun times , bit we still have a long way to go before we beat belgium 's record . 
  the marketing people at disney are already frantically jotting down notes for their new advertising campaign : 1 . 
  picture of her covered in random stuff . 
  just an empty rock . 
  decapitate the little mermaid . 
  i thought they used the whole lamb in certain parts of the uk ? 
  as if those children can afford to use the internet in the future ... 
  that 's just stupid , no offence . 
  forward it through belgium for extra impact . 
  that 's what they get for leaving our personal union . 
  but it is in the interests of the uk to negotiate for two years , even though they do n't expect a good deal , as even a small concession could potentially save billions in income . 
  industries like manufacturing and agriculture are for example dependent on a favourable tariff scheme if they want to keep processing their products in other eu countries like they 're doing now . 
  furthermore , the eu agreement also deals with stuff like britons living and working abroad , and subsidies for stuff ranging from science to agriculture . 
  if the new uk government wants to for example make a proper estimation of their budgetary needs , and the gaps they need to fill after brexit , they 'll need to negotiate in order to at least get a clear view of its effects . 
  of course , cause it 'll be summer in britain then , ca n't have temperatures higher than 15 degrees , or the queen 'll melt . 
  but all jokes aside , britain will indeed probably not get a good brexit deal . 
  even though the brexiteers say it 's in the interests of both the eu and the uk to have favourable ( trade ) relations , it 'd be better for the integrity of the rest of the union to show that leaving the union means relations with the eu on the same basis as the rest of the world . 
  silly activists , everyone knows you are n't supposed to know your constitutional rights . 
  after all , you ca n't complain of your rights being violated if you do n't know what they are . 
  next you 're telling me they 'll ban selling ( semi - ) rotten fish . 
  swedish cuisine would never be the same !, 
  \\ #pot #kettle, 
  i 'm sorry for not including an / s , but that was a joke ( albeit perhaps a not very good one ) . 
  as it was based on a common stereotype , i thought it would 've been seen as such as well . 
  i am aware that there are income differences in switzerland , as there are in every country . 
  they 're rich enough to pay their roaming fees anyway . 
  basically , roaming tariffs are abolished , and op can use his phone in the rest of the eu under the same prices and conditions as home . 
  the anthem does n't have lyrics ~ ~ so it is n't too obvious germany is running the show ~ ~ so that no single country is elevated above the others in terms of being identified with europe , and such . 
  if i remember correctly . 
  the latin lyrics were proposed as an alternative that 's not associated with a single country , as the majority of european states identify to a certain degree with a roman heritage , and latin is n't really spoken anywhere anymore ( except for vatican city , but ... you know ) . 
  i 'd also say the chance for lyrics in some form of english have sort of gone down the drain recently ... 
  that 's ` euro-nerds ' , thank you very much . 
  and proud of it . 
  ah yes , the dreaded free market capitalist system inherent in communism . 
  binden, 
  since macron won , that 's a hypothetical we wo n't be sure about . 
  but it still brings me back to my point regarding the popular mandate . 
  if le pen would 've won , with a clear majority of the votes , for me she would have been the legitimate president . 
  but politicians do n't know whether you 're not voting because you 're discontent with the political system , or not . 
  heck , voter turnout rates shift because pf things as small as the weather on election day . 
  if a significant amount of voters vote blank , or at least turn up to do something with their ballot , it sends a clearer message that there 's something wrong with politics than not showing up at all . 
  then vote blank , to show your discontent . 
  at least show the ones in power that you care about voting , but that you 're utterly disappointed with how the candidates/government treat ( s ) your vote . 
  well , they 're in eurovision , so ... 
  for that matter , even vote if your candidate is anti-eu , or if you dislike either , or if your choice is socially unaccepted . 
  vote blank if you really ca n't choose , but do vote . 
  take part in the democratic process and show that you , and the rest of the french people , do find it important what happens in politics . 
  if the overwhelming majority of voters vote , at least nobody can question the mandate that the winner will have . 
  these are not the fascists you 're looking for ... 
  shhh , let 's keep down a bit in a thread about spain wanting back lost territory . 
  cause ... you know . 
  i 'm fluent in dutch and english , as are most people over here , and my german 's still quite decent as well . 
  however , i can only barely understand written french anymore ( let alone spoken ) ; and we 're not supposed to really be able to become fluent in greek and latin anyway , since they 're dead languages . 
  we have a sort of tiered education system with different lengths/levels in the netherlands , so the amount and/or duration of the language lessons tends to differ . 
  however , in our version of high school , i had six years of dutch , six years of english , five years of german , five years of ancient greek , three years of french and three years of latin . 
  do you get your inspiration for reenactment scenes from civ games or something ? 
  as a student , usually the cheapest one i can find in the supermarket , that 'll still get me through an all-nighter , regardless of the brand really . 
  funny seeing belgium claim limburg as part of their rightful territory , as we 're also called half-belgian in the netherlands . 
  also , in the small town/region i grew up in , french was still being taught in elementary schools up until the 1960 's , as the head teachers thought we would eventually join belgium anyway . 
  there 's also sometimes a bus of them at leiden central , but they 're generally quite nice . 
  there was a ` all fags go hell ' type preacher here once , but he was mostly treated as a sort of street entertainer . 
  denmark , sweden , or norway probably . 
  probably aachen or cologne . 
  i used to live really close to the german border , so it was much easier going to germany and belgium for a day out than other parts of the netherlands . 
  new york , yonkers , and honolulu . 
  cue one of these things is not like the others . 
  kalmar union intensifies . 
  given the song 's origin and the whole war against spain and what not , the religious aspect is quite understandable . 
  that extra stanza is at least nice , with the whole ` battle against tyranny ' part and all that . 
  the rest of the anthem does tell a story , but it 's either a bit of a downer ( e.g. 
  ` that guy died , and that one , and that one ... ' ) , or a bit religiously moralising .
