  we greeks still love bulgarians :-), 
  i 'm greek and shit like this ends up in my spam folder in gmail . 
  tons of other people mark it as spam so it automatically get 's filtered for me . 
  you 're wasting your time responding to them unless you want to get conned . 
  i 've met greeks who work in turkey as business people and engineers . 
  so it 's not that unheard of . 
  honestly ? 
  i hope i do n't get downvoted for this , but as a greek , for greeks working in the private sector ( mostly based on the islands ) it really is n't so bad . 
  my family comes from kos and problems there have only started recently because of the refugees . 
  kos benefits a lot from tourism and shipping which are almost purely private sector there . 
  however the problem is , that idiot tsipras does things that minimize the private sector . 
  for example he wants to cut deals that china originally made with the previous governments to introduce chinese shipping companies to the greek islands . 
  things that would grow the greek economy and provide employment . 
  the man is an idiot to say the least . 
  i can only hope that the rest of europe does n't think that all greeks support him , they definitely do n't . 
  we do :-), 
  i am greek , and i 've never really heard russian women stereotyped as `` whores '' . 
  sounds like a very immature statement to be honest . 
  maybe the op is a teenager or something ? 
  i 've met some russian women in greece who work as business professionals or are students studying abroad . 
  very nice people . 
  yea ... 
  i do n't bother telling people i 'm greek when i travel around europe anymore . 
  just american , which is technically true . 
  when they ask for heritage i just say `` mixed '' and change the subject . 
  i do n't like dealing with stereotypes . 
  we do n't hate england . 
  honestly , many british tourists here and they 're good people . 
  i love germans , i just wish people would stop taking these survey 's so seriously . 
  we also do n't know how they were conducted or what the media 's agenda is by publishing them . 
  there are many german flags that fly over resorts in the greek islands to indicate that staff speaks fluent german for german tourists ; including my families resort in kos . 
  i rarely come across a greek who does n't like germans or believes in the whole nazi-reparations thing . 
  honestly , i wish people would treat this economic crisis professionally and understand the complexity of it , instead of taking swings at each other with slurs and stereotypes . 
  i 'm greek and i love england , i 've also met many great british people who have come here as tourists . 
  i really wish people would n't take these surveys so seriously , especially since i have no idea who they asked or how they did so . 
  greek here , and i do n't even know where this study comes from or who they ask . 
  i have many british friends who have come here as tourists . 
  i 'm simply stating a point since you choose to generalize . 
  i have many albanian friends , and most of the albanians i know are well ingrained into greek society . 
  you would n't know they 're albanian unless you saw their last name or they told you . 
  truth is , no one knows who committed these wildfires , and for all we know they could be all natural . 
  these wildfires have happened in past years around this same time , regardless of greece 's economic situation . 
  however , unless we have a suspect in custody based on true evidence , then we do n't know who did this , and their ethnicity is truly irrelevant . 
  i merely mentioned the couple of albanian arsonists since you were implying that they were all greek . 
  good day . 
  you realize that some arsonists caught in the past have been albanian immigrants right ? 
   fuck , the romanians , the `` poor '' guys in the eu , have notable industries ( dacia , it ) . 
  what does greece produce ? 
  olive oil ? 
  also travel , shipping , financial services , and agriculture in the private sector . 
  i believe there also used to be factories in greece for fiat parts and ship building , not sure how they 're doing now . 
  i do n't think the fiat factory operates anymore . 
  what about travel , shipping , financial services , and agriculture in the private sector ? 
  i 'm failing to see how these loans benefited the private sector which did actually produce important things . 
  it 's in spain . 
  as a greek i am ashamed that this happened . 
  i really hope the people that threw the stones got arrested . 
  as someone from greece , this does n't apply . 
  people have gone from having 1-2 children to 0 children because of the costs associated . 
  you should also keep in mind that voter turnout was n't 100 % . 
  as a greek , i do n't know why you 've been downvoted it . 
  of course what you say has been said many times . 
  the primary problem here is that most of the educated greek youth ( the engineers , the doctors , the lawyers , the bankers , etc. ), 
  are leaving greece to go find work elsewhere in the eu or world . 
  it 's not like one can stop them and prohibit them from leaving . 
  greece 's only rooting industries now are primarily private sector , and i do n't see how they 're going to support the economy as a whole . 
  the tourist industry , transport/cargo industry . 
  in retrospect it was the public sector bubble that burst , not the private one . 
  mate , go to the greek islands , it 's been practically unaffected by the crisis and there were never riots there . 
  * however * , the crisis might not be a problem , but the hundreds of thousands of fleeing refugees are , as they are in italy and spain . 
  i know my parents ' island of kos is very much affected whereas one year ago there was barely a refugee you could spot . 
  not sure about the other islands to be honest . 
  anything that 's remotely socialist by syriza is automatically equal to brute stalinism according to the opposition . 
  ... and yet 200,000 educated greek youths have already done so . 
  why not find work in other parts of the eu then ? 
  greece is only a couple train rides away . 
  greek redditor here . 
  playing victims how ? 
  arathian is a lost cause . 
  do n't waste your time on him . 
   maybe someone more familiar with greek internal politics can explain . 
  well to explain , it 's one supermassive shitstorm where greek politicians meet once a week in parliament and compete to see who can stick their heads up their asses the farthest . 
  thank you for your kind words madam :-) i too love turkey , our countries have a ton in common and we 're both friendly warm-hearted people . 
  lol you should be the last person to call others ignorant , you ca n't even write a single comment without making an immature stereotype . 
  honestly you 're not that better than members of holden dawn . 
  of course it 's kek , we 're trolling you . 
  you do n't have a good perception of greece , so how else do you we respond to you ? 
  you 're under the impression that 100 % of greece is golden dawn and anti-immigration and prays to statues . 
  if you want to be ignorant then go ahead . 
  yes , because everyone in greece votes for golden dawn . 
  they 've only become outlawed and have less than 3 % of the vote currently ... such progress !, 
  please go be ignorant elsewhere . 
  lol since when is one tired person leaning against a statue a whole `` event '' ? 
  calm down ... 
  why are you calling everyone a greek communist ? 
  that guy is british , and by calling you ` thick ' he means dull . 
  no , it 's in greece . 
  oops :-), 
  food does n't really get stolen , it gets shared amongst cultures and regions of simple folk living among one another . 
  contrary to popular belief , many greeks and turks ( and other balkaners ) lived in communities together peacefully ( such as on the island my mother came from kos ) , and other places throughout the ottoman empire .
