  it also has an evolutionary trail . 
  take gyros ( doner kebab ) for example : though grilling meat stacked on a skewer has ancient roots in the eastern mediterranean with evidence from the mycenaean greek and minoan along with the persian empire as well , grilling a vertical spit of stacked meat slices and cutting it off as it cooks was developed in the 19th century in ottoman bursa by street vendors . 
  it 's rumored that the white sauce was added as a practice developed in iran . 
  going back to my first sentence , if the greek nation were to claim the mcdonald 's big mac is theirs , then that would technically be stealing , seeing as how almost everything about it , right down to the last combination of ingredients is patented by mcdonalds corporation . 
  greek here , i love germany , and have since back in the day when i got my first bmw and vacationed in bavaria where i picked it up fresh off the production line and drove it through beautiful mountains and forests there . 
  i of course used to speak it better but languages are often weakened when not used on a daily basis . 
  i love german beer as much as i love german cars ( weihenstephaner ist am besten ! ), 
  and of course nothing goes better with it than german bratwurst with mustard from stuttgart and a mountain of sauerkraut ( to be honest i 'm more into asian and italian cuisine than german and greek , but i still love them all ) . 
  even though i no longer drive a bmw , i 'm loving my german made mercedes suv . 
  sorry if i 'm being too cliche here but i work as a engineer and i love cars , so yeah lol . 
  i really hope the best for our two countries . 
  yes , but the media loves to senselessly edit `` nothings '' into sensational `` somethings '' to gain viewer attention . 
  looks like half and half . 
  nice to see turkey and greece in bsec together . 
  `` do n't take anything of value '' what does that even mean ? 
  very rudimentary . 
  when politicians lie and are corrupted it 's too simplistic to say `` welp you elected him , deal with it . '', 
  but ... media sensationalism . 
  so one member of parliament says something outrageous and all of the sudden greece has the worldview , government actions , and propaganda of north korea ? 
  have you even studied what goes on in north korea or it 's people ? 
  are you * that * bloody stupid ? 
  `` they 're '' was really just one member of parliament . 
  do n't know why you 're being downvoted . 
  different industries obvious have different dynamics of production/work hours . 
  well you know , there was a comment higher in the thread where a german redditor called greece non-developed and another compared it to north korea ... sooooo . 
  in this case it was one member of parliament . 
  i feel that if a newspaper chooses to sensationalize over this and hit the headlines with `` greece confiscating german property ... '' then yellow press is involved . 
  you mean by sensationalist yellow press members that educated people ignore ? 
  you realize such blackmail happens among many countries in the eu and not just greece right ? 
  lol i do n't think there are even 70 greeks in the subreddit . 
  most of that money came from the private sector , not the public sector . 
  so how is it germany 's ? 
  do you even know what the private sector is or how it 's finances work ? 
  or private greek construction companies were offered a massive pay out for going to bosnia-herzegovina to restore the parliament building . 
  well they 're not wrong about us , we did indeed have a financial collapse . 
  til i 'm wasting my time trying to run my own company in chicago and should move to florida instead ... 
  i believe this comes with a bit of delusion . 
  as a yank , i always dreamed of living in england until a few british i 've met told me that living in easier and somewhat better in the states . 
  telling me that most housing is state owned , and the cost of living is ridiculous . 
  what can get you a really nice furnished home and car in the states , will get you a measly flat and second-hand car in england , especially the closer you are to london . 
  i did love visiting england though , it was amazing . 
  also most yanks seem to be ignorant of this . 
  they think living in downtown london is just as easy as living in downtown chicago ( where i am from ) . 
  if only they knew . 
  can confirm . 
  met many bulgarians living and working in greece . 
  very good people , never heard of a bulgarian being arrested or anything like that . 
  russians - science : greek . 
  what does that even mean ? 
  not to be cynical but are people really that surprised that these leaders and economic elites were dodging taxes and using shell companies to do their dirty financial work ? 
  rip to those who died . 
  so sad . 
  i wish you and your people the best of luck through these hard times . 
  most of the world is tired of being sad my friend . 
  i do n't see myself as a wise man , but i believe unfortunately it will get much worse before it gets better , not just for turkey , but for all of us . 
  peace . 
  stfu you cunt . 
  innocent people should never have to pay for the problems of government . 
  man ... these photos bring tears to my eyes . 
  innocent people going about their day just to have it end so abruptly . 
  so fucking sad . 
  i really hope the people responsible come to justice and pay for their devious acts . 
  the blood spilled in this world is not equal , and some is more welcomed than other . 
  greek solidarity with the good turkish people . 
  may we both fight through our corrupt scummy governments . 
  enlighten us , how are we supposed to stop the migrants ? 
  they 're coming in through the aegean onto thousands of miles of coastline that ca n't be fenced or protected like the land-locked small border between greece and macedonia . 
  the only other option would be to shoot them , which we all know would n't make turkey or the eu happy . 
  also please explain to me how greeks were spending money like it was growing on trees . 
  before the crisis the average salary in greece was $ 29k , now it 's $ 24k . 
  it never was a rich country and it citizens are mostly middle class who fall into balkan standards . 
  honestly most of us do n't give a shit ... 
  welcome to the balkans . 
  where everyone cries wolf yet enjoying acting like a wolf . 
  albanians basically complain about the same things with regards to macedonia , that macedonians complain about greeks . 
  lmao what are you even going on about . 
  two different topics ... 
  there were actually once talks to call it `` northern macedonia '' no idea why it did n't go through . 
  honestly the balkans would be better off being one whole country ... they should have done what italy did and unified into a whole country from the little ones they were/are today . 
  yet people choose ethnic identity/nationalism over a country with a more powerful presence in the world ( both politically and economically ) . 
  also how different are the cultures ffs ? 
  your typical balkan nationalist exaggerates it so much , but it 's just relabeled/modified ottoman culture . 
  it really boils further into politics and their agendas . 
  most greeks like myself are n't really losing sleep over the matter , and me in particular just calls them macedonians and the people in northern greece greek-macedonians ... boom problem solved . 
  what if i 'm greek and print `` macedonia '' ? 
  in other experiences it 's caused some of my countrymen to hate me . 
   what a joke . 
  turkey would absolutely wipe the floor with greece by any realistic measure . 
  navally even ? 
  how so ? 
  [ this video explains a lot ... ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3ksjy0c8qww ), 
   if anything the greek should try to elect a useful goverment for once . 
  to fix what actually got them into this mess . 
  i honestly do n't blame germany for any of our problems , but it 's really a lot more complex than electing a new government . 
  honestly , young people are taking their degrees and going elsewhere to find work . 
  greece is seeing the same thing that was happening to poland a decade ago , all the young people are jumping ship to find better opportunities elsewhere . 
  i think he 's referring more to the migrant crisis greece is undergoing . 
  do you have evidence that they used chemical weapons ? 
  can confirm as well , i love germans and have never really met a greek who hates them . 
  macedonia is pretty angry that they 're getting flooded with refugees as well ...
