  out of all the people who have been critical of brexit , greece seems to be the least . 
  many greeks i know supported it . 
  anyway , it 's foolish to compare greece to britain here . 
  the drachma is trash compared to the pound , and the country ca n't simply leave with so much eu debt under its belt . 
  yes , just bought some yesterday in the chicago metropolitan area . 
  i use it for cooking . 
  with our economic crisis , i can relate . 
  i remember circa 2008 about him calling his critics and leaders of israel easily offended and manipulative his comments on the holocaust . 
  lol did n't ahmadinejad say something similar once about recognizing the holocaust ( also genocide ) ? 
  `` here 's another credit card to help you pay off other credit card debt ! '', 
  debt forgiveness is obviously out of the question . 
  greece is going through the motions of austerity and paying back as we speak . 
  as a greek this is true what you say , there were indeed debates over these genocides in the late 90s . 
  both greece and turkey did horrible things with their militaries during the wars of independence and collapse of the ottoman empire . 
  villages of turks and greeks that had lived together in peace for centuries were torn apart . 
  villages like this existed on my mothers island , kos . 
  lol did you make most of this up or did you somehow manage to find the most racist people in europe ? 
  i 'm surprised tea is so high in turkey . 
  when i visited turkey , coffee shops and turkish coffee was everywhere . 
  this happens all the time , vice versa . 
  it 's not newsworthy . 
  that 's what confused me the most . 
  what does that even mean ? 
  what is this crap ? 
  makes no sense at all . 
  idk ... australians get to call themselves oceanian . 
  sounds cooler imo . 
   an economy with many opportunities i 'm guessing you did n't see the top post or r/pics today about the massive protests happening in belgrade right now . 
  already own it and play it from time to time . 
  it 's just a completely different game . 
  this might sound weird , but arma is the microsoft flight simulator of the battlefield series . 
  it 's nice , but it quickly gets boring most of the time . 
  no offense . 
  i feel that arma focuses on what war would most likely be in most realities whereas battlefield focuses on the most intense moments of war and the most epic of battles within a war . 
  i wish this was a battlefield 1 map , but ww1 did n't happen in greece for the most part . 
  completely uncalled for, 
  yay !!!, 
  it 's 2017 though , not 1817 . 
  when ? 
  i have n't heard anything like that in recent years . 
  pretty sure i 'd be arrested if i approached a german tourist and called them a nazi . 
  and they should by no means be guilted . 
  i love studying history , especially the history of modern times including the two world wars . 
  if there 's one thing i 've learned is that the people of a time period ( especially if connected in some way or form ) have more in common with one another than the people of today who share the same ethnic group or location with those in the past . 
  i 'm pretty sure europeans and people from around the world from the 30s could relate more to the nazis considering there was mass indifference and even support of hitler before he began ww2 . 
  with many of his speeches and even excerpts of mein kampf being translated in books and newspapers at the time . 
  things like antisemitism and authoritarian governments were quite common back then . 
  hell , even the us had billboards supporting eugenics and advertising that was antisemitic , along with a nazi rally involving a few thousand americans at yankee stadium . 
  the greek athletes gave the nazi salute to hitler as they marched into the stadium at the berlin olympics , not knowing their country would soon be at war with him . 
  then very few people in the world would give a shit when the gestappo would move jews into ghettos and labor camps before the war started . 
  people underestimate how much time changes the way of things ... 
  i think the germans have a word for this : `` zeitgeist '' . 
  hi , so as you may know turkey was a powerful central power in ww1 , after all they managed to defeat a large british offensive , such as at the famous battle of gallipoli . 
  however , after the collapse of the ottoman empire , turkey was left weak with its newly formed independent state . 
  it was in no condition to join ww2 , nor did they have any significant reason to . 
  however , turkey at the time was still interested in rebuilding its military , which involved a strong interest in buying weapons and supplies from both axis and allied states . 
  the last thing hitler wanted was the turks cozying up to the british through excess weapons trades and allowing the british forces to establish themselves in turkish ports and coastal cities for the campaigns in north africa , crete , and eventually the balkans . 
  as a result hitler sought to establish a [ german turkish nonaggression pact ] ( https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/german\u2013turkish_non-aggression_pact ) which expanded on turkeys desire to remain neutral and ensure they would not fall into the likes of the allieds . 
  i welcome turks fleeing their government to greece , not because it benefits our economy , but [ because it 's in our history ] ( https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/greek\u2013turkish_earthquake_diplomacy ) to offer a helping hand to our neighbors . 
  eh , most turks i see in places like yt comment sections tend to have it more with kurds and armenians . 
  except goldman sachs knowingly does bad . 
  they have no problem doing business with clients from mexico or saudi arabia/uae that they know are directly linked with drug cartels and extremist groups . 
  not to mention advising very wealthy clients to invest in shell companies as a means to evading taxes . 
  [ lol it 's even known in germany ] ( http://m.spiegel.de/international/europe/a-676634.html ) there 's countless of other articles online if you do n't like the spiegel . 
  number 3 is pretty fascinating to know !, 
  as a greek i have always been fascinated by indian culture and history . 
  as a greek you 're 100 % right and i wish more balkan people understood this . 
  all ancient shit is disputed in the balkans . 
  it 's annoying . 
  well yes , one is more recent in history . 
  he did n't fake the books , the greek government did behind closed doors with the help of goldman sachs . 
  he 's quite butt hurt . 
  it was n't just byron , but resources and funds from the british empire . 
  then britain helped greece again in ww2 and during the communist uprising in later years . 
  the same can be said about most political ideologies . 
  for example , forms of communism had existed in ancient china long before mao . 
  do n't know why you 're being downvoted . 
  i 'm greek and i 've never understood how a simple political ideology like democracy can be rooted to a certain time and place . 
  i guess the same can be said about nearly all political ideologies/theories . 
  you forgot to add `` ancient '' to the words greek and macedonian . 
  thank you . 
  i think similarly of germany . 
  that 's how all the threads in this series are , it 's stupid . 
  do n't underestimate their life-long training with call of duty , cheetos , and mountain dew . 
  `` doctor , doctor !, 
  help , i have no data !!! '', 
  albanians is like greek . 
  an independent branch of indo-european . 
  just like you see `` hellenic '' for greek you would see `` illyrian '' for albanian . 
  only the greek part of cyprus is in the eu ... 
  oh i do n't personally smoke . 
  i guess it 's a cultural think maybe ? 
  i 've also noticed a lot of smokers when i visited germany as well . 
  there are health campaigns and places of business than ban it , but smoking is still popular here . 
  have you been to switzerland ? 
  that 's the price you pay for mcdonald 's . 
  he was n't even implying that ... 
   do you think greek culture is eating baklava and drinking coffee ? 
  obviously not , you forgot to add in all the cigarettes and alcohol . 
  sorry about him mate .
