  that 's like saying lithuanians are another type of polish , or ukranians are another type of russian , or portugese another type of spanish . 
  nice generalizing comment . 
  anyway , do you have a law that would solve this massive refugee problem and how we 're unwilling to follow it ? 
  last i checked the laws state that greece ca n't turn back any ships unless it wants to be fined and sanctioned for human rights violations . 
  never considered germany an enemy at all tbh . . that 's just silly, 
  implying that most of us greeks agree with the shitty defense minister appointed by the shitty tsipras ... 
  because greece is one of the main entry ways the refugees are pouring into europe unfortunately . 
  greeks are n't necessarily angry at germany . 
  they 're angry at the politicians and leaders in charge of this ( tsipras included ) . 
  at the end of the day if something is n't done , all of europe will end up being fucked . 
  as you said , things can get crazy around the summer , especially since it 's an opportunity for even more migrants/refugees to travel in warmer conditions . 
  they 're the texas of greece . 
  just like texas defended itself from invasion spewing a gun culture , crete defended itself with the british in ww2 spewing a large gun culture there as well . 
  however it 's nothing crazy like assault rifles or machine gun , mostly just pistols , hunting rifles , etc. 
  that 's * really * cool . 
  edit : i was n't being sarcastic . 
  were things really that bad in 1988 for greece ? 
  condolences to the families affected by this . 
  lmao , greece was threatened with human rights sanctions if it did that . 
  italy was massively sued for doing such . 
  do you have any ideas as to how greece can handle the refugee influx ? 
  errr ... how can the greek government police it 's borders ? 
  it 's not a land based country . 
  all of the migrants are clashing to shore in weak rafts either by themselves or with the aid of the turkish coast guard . 
  greece has no way of turning them back , and obviously they ca n't sink the boats since that would be a huge human rights violation . 
  mind you , when i say shores , we 're talking about thousands of miles of shorelines not just along mainland greece , but the greek islands as well . 
  well they 're not completely wrong ... 
  holy crap , that 's crazy . 
  is that at the general dynamics factory or something ? 
   they 're rarely wrong except there have been countless of badly done polls either set on a bias or simply a poor distribution of samples . 
  gallup itself is a more reputable source , however they too have had some polls flunk . 
  you do realize that there are polls which make israeli 's look bad though right ? 
  needless to say , you mentioned earlier that 42 % of greeks have a favorable view of jews while 34 % do not , so how does this make most anti-semitic ? 
  why is that adl study referencing the entire population of greece down to the last number when the study only questioned less than a thousand people ? 
  you make some valid points . 
  true indeed . 
  i agree :-), 
  exactly . 
  yes , but are these really serious violations ? 
  they 're more like military games ; greek and turkish aircraft just chase each-other around and might even shit-talk on the radio . 
  how is it a tiny non-issue ? 
  putin just released a pretty big statement over the matter . 
  this was posted to / r/adporn a couple years ago . 
  i suggest you sub if you like clever ads like these . 
  it 's also home to many designers and publishers that work in the advertising industry . 
  but all the other greeks listed turkey as their favorite neighbor ... 
  i 'm guessing op has a grandpa who filled him up with scary bedtime stories about all the `` evil ottomans ! '', 
  it would make for an amazing bf4 map . 
  how is he a fascist ? 
  thank you for your kind words . 
  :-) my favorite neighbor is turkey . 
  let 's see ... tsipras being a lame duck pm , economic growth fluctuating , and refugees ... tons and tons of refugees . 
  that 's about it . 
  i too would make a smug comment if i still lived in singapore . 
  but that was a couple years ago . 
  as a greek man , i properly identify with being a gay empty euro piggy bank . 
  not if your parents are rich . 
  even though i live alone , if i had rich parents i 'd rather live in a nice mansion than a shitty apartment . 
  can confirm . 
  that 's how much i pay for comcast 's 105 internet package in chicago after taxes and fees . 
  well then , we shall she your countries rates go up soon as well ;-), 
  all these flavors and you choose to be salty ... 
  dude ... they 're leaving the country , and most likely never coming back . 
  no one around here is working in fast food with an engineering degree . 
  because other countries would get involved . 
  russia and the us are always desperate to go to war and play `` world police '' . 
  tarring people and generalizing them is by no means civil or a healthy attitude . 
  the government in athens needs to start banning pets in more places . 
  if an area ca n't sustain pets then people should n't have them . 
  tons of apartments and other living areas in the us and europe ban pets for exactly these kinds of reasons . 
  laws exist for a reason , if you think people will naturally follow order then this is wrong . 
  are you fucking kidding me ? 
  there 's many grass areas and parks even . 
  of all places though , if you are in a tight spot , why not the corner of a sidewalk , why on someone elses bike ? 
  yea , i do n't expect hooligans to care about poets and historical figures ... 
  aw shit , i guess the company that made it did n't have enough courage !, 
  or fat man like me , where blacker colors make us look slimmer ... supposedly . 
  in greece too . 
  all the big shipping tycoons have their shipping companies and ships registered with other countries to avoid paying the `` socialistic '' greek government . 
  starbucks , apple , and mcdonald 's probably get their tax accountants from greece to be honest . 
  there 's tons of smokers in your country too ... 
  to be fair , judging by your comment history , you 're a pretty shit person as well . 
  welcome to the balkans :-d, 
  as a greek , i love smoking cigars and piped tobacco ( yes people look at me weird ) for the taste , especially while drinking . 
  these types of smoke are puffed not inhaled though . 
  [ clarkson approves !, 
  ] ( http://www.newcyprusmagazine.com/wp-content/uploads/2015/04/jeremy-clarkson-smokes-cigarette-drives-car.jpg ), 
  when taxation is n't enforced or the punishments are menial people do n't pay their taxes . 
  same reason why big corporations and the economic elite elsewhere dodge their taxes . 
  this concept also exists among greek nationalists and used to be a bigger thing . 
  [ link ] ( https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/megali_idea ), 
  as a greek i agree with this but it 's really an unpopular view on both sides . 
  this is true . 
  most is us really do n't care ... 
  if i set my house on fire will i show up as a red dot on this map ? 
  careful not to cut yourself on that edge ... 
  german engineering saves the day !, 
  i really hope iceland ends up winning the championship , they truly deserve it imho . 
  what about my man prince philip , would n't he have any say in this ? 
  i do n't see how he was patronizing britain by merely referencing a dance .
