  i too see turks as similar to us greeks . 
  do n't know why that guy had to be so bitter about someone 's opinion . 
  greece has its fair share of scammers as well . 
  i advise all tourists to report them to the police if possible . 
  damn ... 
  i do n't think the new 1080ti would be able to handle such a feat !, 
  thanks for the clarification . 
  shit , it looks like someone switched the video game settings from high to low . 
  very true indeed !, 
  thank you for your comment . 
  i also really loved ` valkyrie ' as a movie about german nazi opposition . 
  [ trailer ] ( https://youtube.com/watch?v=nh71tgtzmnm ), 
  damn , everyone except poland took a hit in 2009 . 
  that does n't make a difference . 
  airspace is violated beyond those boundaries as well . 
  all the time . 
  the numbers in infant mortality includes that of refugees/migrants . 
  morticians in greece in this case report their stats in general , they do n't go by ethnicity , etc. 
  has n't greece been slowly recovering from the crisis though ? 
  the article are the obvious expected ripple effects from their massive crisis . 
  at this point ? 
  and have the eu lose hundreds of billions of dollars ? 
  greece needs to repay that money back ... 
  as a greek i agree , we should have been left to fail like iceland instead of being bailed-out . 
  you mean erdogan specifically ? 
  i doubt most turks are in with provoking greece . 
  i only recognize pewdiepie ... not my his name though , lol . 
  i wish we had a tank game like that when i was in pre-school . 
  looks fun . 
  also , did that kid in the second picture draw a beard on his face with a marker ? 
  crete is like texas when it comes to gun ownership . 
  it 's a bit ridiculous to be honest . 
  nooooooo how are we greeks supposed to properly evade taxes now that there is no switzerland to deposit our money in ?!?!, 
  empires collapse , get over it like everyone else did ... 
  how on earth would a cheaper currency already from where it 's down help the german economy ? 
  also if greece leaves they have no obligation to pay back their loans which would have a large impact as well . 
  i 'm greek , it is n't that bad . 
  i 'd be happy to host actual refugees from war torn areas , but in the same time i 100 % support other eu countries that want nothing to do with them . 
  it 's ridiculous how many of the refugees are just economic migrants in disguise . 
  but donald trump said it was all a chinese conspiracy !, 
  as a greek , i 'm pro-eu , but i honestly think greece should have been left to fail like iceland and reintroduced to the euro when things fully stabilized again . 
  forcing loans onto the country to the point where new loans were being used to pay old loans was a very poor economic decision in my opinion ; it 's like giving a higher interest credit card to someone in order to pay off other credit card debts . 
  it also does n't help that many of these loans were funded via the tax dollars of other europeans which i feel is wrong as well . 
  eh , it 's not germany 's fault . 
  this refugee crisis kicks up the second the war in syria started . 
  i hate to sound controversial , but the west may have played a huge part in destabilizing the middle east which may have eventually led to weak unstable governments , and radical groups like isis . 
  again , i do n't wish to make any absolutist statements , so the keywords are `` may have '' . 
  glad to see this :-) happy to help !, 
  amazingly beautiful !, 
  bulgaria has many underrated beautiful scenic sites . 
  lol greece and italy are very far from being third world . 
  have you ever been to an actual third world country ? 
  completely true . 
  comes with a muscle car dlc to run over protesters . 
  you ca n't force people to be attracted to something they 're not for the sake of being politically correct . 
  nope . 
  same in greece . 
  we even have african celebrities ( athletes ) who speak fluent greek . 
  some were even born here and have greek names . 
   is muslim ( although they are both atheists wat, 
  i could care less who dates who . 
  relationships are only the business of those involved . 
  do n't know why you 're being downvoted . 
  practical is more necessary . 
  i wore a poncho to a day at a music festival here in america and got weird looks . 
  then it started raining * really hard * middle of a concert and people were scrambling like hell . 
  it said it was going to happen in the weather people ... 
  they use a ski-lift to get to the top and hike all the way to the bottom which makes the hike more enjoyable and less tiring and timely-efficient ? 
  at least here in america i have yet to go on a hiking trail that offers lifts . 
   wanderschuhe is n't that just german for hiking shoes ? 
  she has a resting face , people do n't smile 24/7 . 
  fair enough . 
  as a greek , i would n't mind any of this names to be honest . 
  lol, 
  you 're talking to a nationalist . 
  there 's not much reasoning behind that . 
  edit : lol he saw my comment and downvoted it . 
  he was being sarcastic, 
  do n't you have anything better to do than shitpost on / r/europe from canada ? 
  is n't it really hard to get citizenship in norway ? 
  thank you :-), 
  i have yet to see someone in greece celebrating the srebrenica genocide . 
  oh that was some other greek guy . 
  damn . 
  poland and the czech republic are really on game . 
  no fn scar ? 
  the entire weapons industry is globalized . 
  doesnt that defeat the the purpose of nato . 
  dat chest hair tho . 
  indeed we did my friend ... 
  i believe it would more or less . 
  last i checked tsiras is compliant with all eu demands and reforms/austerity . 
  eh , not really . 
  if greece were left to fail like iceland would n't things have worked out too ? 
  i do n't believe other countries have an obligation to help greece out , especially with loans that are being used to pay for other loans . 
  imho lamb gyros is better when seasoned properly and slowly cooked . 
  lamb , beef , pork , or chicken . 
  greek american here , starbucks and other similar places are the goto for people that want iced coffee beverages . 
  no , tom cruise . 
  oh shit , i just noticed that .
