corporations evading taxes when they get the chance ? 
  not really news . 
  possibly so ... huh . 
  did she have thick wavy brunette hair ? 
  we miss you !!!, 
  we greeks do n't hate you even though there 's some bulgarians i 've met who seem to think this . 
  germans are some of our best tourists here in greece . 
  always tip well , always speak mannered , never get drunkenly out of order , never commit crimes or vandalize , and with that being said , according to my aunt who owns and runs a resort/hotel on the greek island of kos , they 're one of the few that leave the hotel rooms the way they are found . 
  the british on the other hand are party animals like the greeks . 
  lol is n't germany developing robots that can build houses and buildings ? 
  fun stuff . 
  i agree , i just know some like / u/dedokire who have married their cousins . 
  you 'd think in the modern age of knowing this causes genetic disorders in the offspring this practice would cease ; however the vast majority of vlachs do n't do this . 
  yep . 
  story of the balkans . 
  vlachs here in greece do the same thing . 
  they integrate into society well but still stick to some of their weird and outdated traditions . 
  we have many vlachs in greece too . 
  they have good food though . 
  most european countries still have blasphemy laws believe it or not . 
  i 'm greek and we have recycling where i live . 
  your argument about not recycling because of slavery is idiotic to say the least . 
  and how do you suppose this passes on ? 
  via genetics ? 
  most greeks were n't necessarily slaves under the roman empire , and chances are they are n't even related to the modern greeks . 
  you 've made a completely irrelevant comment with regards to the article posted . 
  edit : look everyone , he downvoted me instead of responding . 
  lol vilinius is far away from here ... 
  as a greek person i 'd like to know this as well . 
  how did greece get turkish ? 
  there are close to 600,000 albanians as a minority in greece and around 80,000 turkish people living as minorities . 
  greece 's minority language is albanian . 
  putin would just hire his ~ ~ kgb ~ ~ entourage to give him some sort of radiation poisoning . 
  7 % in an election with about 50 % voter turnout . 
  so not the entire population . 
  all countries have problems . 
  i do n't see why you feel the need to generalize and call a country nazi and a failure . 
  do you like it when others say the same about russia being communist and a failure ? 
  there is no truth in generalizing . 
  `` truth '' is n't calling someone a nazi because of their ethnicity , that 's just ironic on your part . 
  riiight , because russia has never done this before , nor have they ever failed in history . 
  hell even nowadays when citizens are so poor that they drink mouthwash to get drunk is even pathetic . 
  god that 's a creepy image, 
  story of the balkans : accusing others what your nation does as well . 
  i have seen racism and nationalism in albania as well , along with the rest of the ~ ~ balkans . ~ ~ europe . 
  hm that 's weird . 
  when i was at ikea in greece they were tremendously under-staffed . 
  you 'd think the store was poor but it was fully stocked , however i had to search for 20 minutes to find someone who could help me . 
  potato ? 
  but more people in greece use the bbc ( both online and in tele ) than they do ert . 
  bbc is a world renown news source , ert is ... meh . 
  i have satellite tv here in the states and i have ert , in fact i just tuned into it , it 's not playing anything out of the norm . 
  further more , most people in greece have access to satellite tv owned by private companies ... so how exactly is the government going to block the news ? 
  even with an open internet . 
  golden dawn really is n't that powerful , and the authoritarian laws are something that we 're seeing all over the western world . 
  we saw these laws enforced after the london riots , occupy wallstreet , in turkey as we speak , not to mention cipsa and the recent laws passed by obama that allow full phone-tappings that can be used to arrest someone if there 's anything illegal being talked about . 
  we greeks do n't want reparations . 
  maybe our corrupt government can stick all of it 's flawed reports up it 's ass . 
  dude , why are you so obsessed over greece ? 
  that 's all you ever comment about . 
  lol so is macedonia . 
  do you really think that if western europe wanted to they would n't have wiped the balkans clean ? 
  last i checked , most of the balkans are artificial . 
  still a minority in greece though ... 
  read that in translation , such a good poem !, 
  i 'm greek and i 've always recognized by neighbors as macedonians . 
  and no , most greeks do n't hate you . 
  the common people should n't always ( if ever ) be represented by the government and their platform on a matter ( assuming tsipras really cares about the whole name issue ) . 
  i 'm surprised we and the albanians are independent . 
   if the west is n't willing to end it the right way ( with neither assad nor isis ) , then let the russians do it the wrong way . 
   west  right way, 
  have fun seeing them in the rest of the balkans and turkey as well . 
  italy will be there soon if this whole refugee crisis is n't fixed . 
  rather surprised by the anti-turkish sentiment in the comments , and my fellow greeks having to defend them . 
  honestly , turkey was a humble place for me , i visited izmir and istanbul . 
  sorry to hear if your experiences were bad . 
  lol he was just joking mate . 
  we love scandinavians !, 
  having been to sweden i strongly disagree . 
  but that 's just my opinion . 
  greek-american here . 
  can confirm . 
  i do n't understand why it needs to be a competition as the article insists . 
  all of the balkans/mediterranean is beautiful and should be visited . 
  how can greece stop them ? 
  for them turkey and greece are nothing more than a route . 
  there are already abandoned buildings and streets flooded with them on the greek islands ... 
  i honestly do n't know what the situation is in the mainland . 
  however on the islands , they 're trying to keep everyone civil until paperwork gets sorted out and riots are breaking out . 
  it 's ridiculous . 
  greece is doing nothing . 
  there 's nothing we can do . 
  for them greece is nothing more than a route . 
  they know that there is bankruptcy here and they seek countries like germany or france . 
  holy shit , i hope that police officer makes a full recovery . 
  ca n't the police start tear gassing them or something ? 
  or would that make things worse ? 
  greece has no control of any of these `` migrants '' , most of them before even reaching greece have contacts in northern europe through mosque or family connections that transport them . 
  been to bulgaria . 
  can confirm , very beautiful country with very beautiful women .
