  i mean i was at a dead stop , and it panicked , then ran head-first into the side of my truck with such force that it literally broke its own neck . 
  try explaining that one to the insurance company . 
  maybe they deserve to be extinct . 
  not bad , apart from the fact that the joke is n't really funny . 
  i would be embarrassed to tell people i have a friend who looks like that . 
  at what , diabetes ? 
  so deep . 
  or just multiply by 0.62 for km/h to mph , and 1.61 for mph to km/h . 
  it wo n't happen , but how amazing would it be if he actually killed himself in office ? 
  i wonder if there are any legit heterosexuals in that scene . 
  you 've got a shitty brain , pretty sure just reading this comment put me somewhere on the autism spectrum . 
  thing about japs though , you 've always got ta be on the lookout for a sneaky trap . 
  give me a break , it 's been decades since that dude has seen his own dick . 
  his only real weakness is any object positioned directly in front of him . 
  i 'm ok with that . 
  to be honest , i 've always kinda felt like we have too many old people anyways . 
  once someone reaches retirement age , it 's basically their civic duty to die within a decade or so . 
  how does a grown man allow himself to be `` abused '' by a woman ? 
  the average male is naturally like twice as strong as the world 's strongest woman . 
  you would think the scourge of communism would 've been exercised from human society by now ( what with the century and a half worth of proof that it 's an entirely non-viable system ) , but apparently there are still enough angst addled retards out there to keep reanimating its rotten , fetid , corpse . 
  spend a couple years with her , then say your goodbyes . 
  that 's what grandparents do : they die . 
  it 's the natural order of things . 
  at this point , i 'm fairly certain the if the 45th presidential administration tried to start a stupid war abroad , they 'd probably have to fight a fair few stupid little wars at home too . 
  west texas is probably misleading , i 'd bet there are quite a few oil field workers living and working in a lot of those spaces . 
  lol , no . 
  you have to clear x-ray machines and shit on your way out . 
  i almost got detained in kyrgyzstan by the navy mps because i had a 5.56 round that had gotten lodged in a fold in the canvas in the bottom of my ruck , they 've got a super fucking hard-on for busting people for that type of shit . 
  kuwait coming from iraq was the same deal , they jacked somebody else up just for having spent brass . 
  you could maybe sneak it back in the personal trunks and shit they send back in shipping containers , but i 'd wager they check those too . 
  that 's what i was thinking , but i also remember a bunch of people in my unit bitching about people supposedly having gone through the shit they shipped in the connex . 
  granted , it might 've been bullshit . 
  all it takes is one joe to find something new to complain about , and ten others are gon na instinctively follow suit . 
  somewhere between then and now , somebody decided to make being in the military super lame . 
  plus , a lot of what we confiscated were fully automatic rifles and other shit that would classify as a definite no-go in the states . 
  the only war souvenirs i got were cheesy trinkets , and cheap knockoffs i bought at the hajji bazaars they have on the bigger fobs . 
  although , my `` beats by drake '' headphones did last a solid two months , so i guess it was n't all bad . 
  obese/10 . 
  please no , that guy is annoying as fuck in everything he 's in . 
  who cares ? 
  let 'em reap what they 've sown . 
  any policy that might lead to less flyover peasants is a winner in my book . 
  the doctor did say frank had a malignant tumor in the `` being frank '' episode . 
  why is that shocking ? 
  we do n't need nearly as many of them anymore , they 've become a worse than useless commodity . 
  so you 're like an austrian , except poorer , and stupider ? 
  you look like someone who ends up moving back in with their parents and selling percocet to suburban high schoolers . 
  the `` i 'm trying to cover up my complete lack of redeemable qualities as a human being with brand name clothing '' starter kit . 
  you look the the `` before '' picture in an advertisement . 
  except there is no `` after '' , and eventually you just die broken and alone . 
  you look like a guest on * maury * , except too old for anybody to give a shit that you 've ruined your life . 
  underrated . 
  more kurt cobain . 
  except with down syndrome , and nobody is going to care when he kills himself . 
  i 'd roast you , but life seems to be doing a fine job of that on its own . 
  you 're quite possibly the most compelling case against the idea of white supremacy that i 've ever witnessed . 
  i , for one , commend anyone who weathers the challenges of raising a biracial child in america today . 
  mad respect . 
  you look like the bastard love child of dirk nowitzki , and a woman who binge drank her way through the last two trimesters of pregnancy . 
  pretty sure this is the type of pseudo-spiritualist , homeless fuck who used to make tent cities on the mountain behind my house when i lived in colorado . 
  they smelled like shit , and stole anything that was n't bolted down , but it was always kinda fun to get high and shoot them with bb-guns from my balcony . 
  pro-tip : go black , and never look back . 
  you 'll end up there anyways eventually , but you can save yourself the trouble by just starting now . 
  dear god , there 's three of them now ? 
  somebody hide the means of production . 
  you need less dogs , five is too many . 
  it 's creepy . 
  i believe you . 
  space is super gay . 
  this joke would be pretty good if it was funny . 
  i sure hope you have a day job . 
  pro-tip : try * less * hard , be ** more ** funny . 
  if you do both those things , you 'll be writing decent jokes in no time . 
  until he machete chops someone in the neck for rolling through a stop sign . 
  an idiot like donald trump being president does n't necessitate us taking the musings of idiots from the opposite fringe of the political spectrum seriously . 
   noam chomsky ... considered on of the great thinkers of our time, 
  lol , false . 
   alcohol , and math classes, 
  and comedy , apparently . 
  and comedy , apparently . 
  good point , you forgot to include the joke though . 
  i 'm amazed by how utterly unfunny the majority of people who post here actually are . 
  oh please , he panicked and named one of the three world leaders he 'd seen mentioned on fox news . 
  i guarantee you if someone had asked him six months ago to name 5 heads of state , he would 've bombed it . 
  do you honestly believe that donald trump knows enough about international politics to have his own opinion on the matter ? 
  at most , he 's parroting what an advisor told him - but he 's almost certainly just bullshitting his way out of a question he knows he should have an answer to , but does n't . 
  the good news is all the `` activists '' cited in the article are 60 + . 
  when i get super fed up with the national embarrassment of this administration , it helps to remember that in 15 years , donald trump and the lion 's share of his supporters will almost certainly be dead . 
  i 'll take two of whatever you 've been smoking , please . 
  lol , i knew a guy who got smoked by a taxi in japan . 
  good dude . 
  obviously a bit too stupid for the world , but a good dude . 
  any halfway reasonable human being who happened to cross paths with the likes of limbaugh & co. saw this coming , but what can you do ? 
  there 's really no way to counter it without establishing a precedent that their camp is just as likely to weaponize the second they have the political opening . 
  at what exactly ? 
  raise hell and eat cornbread yee yee . 
  kinda reminds me of my [ all-time favorite last words ] ( http://gawker.com/fuck-that-alligator-man-killed-seconds-after-mocking-1715887134 ) . 
  i 'm going to assume he deserved it until further evidence proves otherwise . 
  i 'm sorry , do you have any evidence for either of those statements ? 
  saying that some people were exonerated before being put to death does n't , in fact , prove that so-called `` innocent '' people have been executed .
