  simultaneously , launch focused grey/black propaganda campaigns to discredit and disrupt the most influential members of right-wing partisan media . 
  in other words , utilze whatever means necessary to make the limbaugh-types appear as such sordid figures in the collective consciousness of the american people that no ad-agency will touch them with a 10-foot pole . 
  if one can accomplish that , the gop quickly loses the most valuable tool in its belt for consolidating their base . 
  honestly , they 've been relying on their partisan media for so long , i doubt they 'd even be able to mount a response if it 's efficacy were substantially diminished . 
   as many smooth confirmations as possible, 
  lol , yeah . 
  tillerson and mattis are definite shoo-ins . 
  ryan is the only one amongst those three with presidential chops . 
  rubio has an amateurish manner of carrying himself , and cruz still has n't quite figured out the social nuances of the human species well enough to relate to us . 
  mattis has to go through an extra layer of congressional approval in order to gain a waiver for having been in uniform too recently . 
  that waiver will require a 60 vote majority , meaning unanimous republican support , as well as 8 democratic votes . 
  seeing as the top two ranking democrats on the armed service committee have already publicly voiced their opposition , i 'd say it 's more likely than not that the gop is going to have some manner of a fight on their hands . 
  plus , he has his blemishes with his ties to theranos , and the fact that he 's currently a sitting member on the board of one of the world 's largest defense contractors . 
  the democrats could always switch gear and decide to play nice , for a number of possible reasons . 
  but there 's ammo there if decide to use it - and it appears , at least as of now , that they intend to do just that . 
  i do n't disagree , personally . 
  he 'd probably be the only adult in the room during most cabinet meetings , but the reality is he 'll probably have to fight to get there . 
  i do n't think `` compromise '' is going to be the trump administration 's watchword . 
  i have n't read anything about it passing . 
  last i heard the reoublicans were attaching it to the spending bill , but had agreed not to amend the wording for vote majority requirement . 
  paul 's only tether to national relevance is being the de facto standard bearer for his `` folksy , uber principled , libertarian '' brand , and part of that in the past has been making a big show of pseudo-martyrdom by playing the thorn in the gop 's side . 
  i see nothing here that would indicate that this situation is any different . 
  it 's just his shtick . 
  especially a war that 's become a complete quagmire for him . 
  the russians never intended to be engaged in two theaters for this long . 
  they 've fallen into two classic `` mission creep '' traps , and they lack the conventional military capabilities , and resources , needed to project forces in a foreign theatre indefinitely . 
  there 's a reason for that : he needs both gop support , and his hokey , anti-establishment , libertarian brand . 
  so he carefully chooses `` battles '' that foster the latter , without drawing too much ire from the former . 
  their biggest advantage is providing the necessary hardware for combined arms operations . 
  neither the syrians or iranians possess the types of precision-guided munitions , or artillery fire support systems , needed to provide close support to troops in the field without risking mass fratricide . 
  the primary reason they were levelling entire neighborhoods before russia arrived on the scene was because the best they could do was try to soften their targets before sending in unsupported assault forces , then hope for the best, 
  ( side note : they 're still levelling neighborhoods , it 's just now they 're doing it as anti-access/aerial-denial to compensate for the fact that they ca n't afford to divert any substantial reserves away from the front in order to hold their gains in areas that are n't of immediately pressing concern ) . 
  still , it 's a moot point , because in the end russian capabilities will inevitably fall short of overcoming the fact that the syria/iran/hezbollah axis simply lacks the manpower necessary to actually hold the entire damascus-homs-aleppo corridor all at once . 
  they 'll be playing whack-a-rebel for decades if they do n't eventually reach a political settlement . 
   13k upvotes, 
  lol . 
  sometimes i forget precisely how stupid this site 's average user truly is . 
  entirely different situation and contexts . 
  but it 's all good , nobody expects a bunch of rabidly self-hating college leftists to grasp the concept of nuance . 
  chances are you 'll all grow out of it someday . 
  who cares ? 
  there 's way too many people in that festering shithole of a country anyways . 
  the world is in no danger of suffering a shortage of indians . 
  statistically speaking though , out of 3 blacks , at least 1 has an std . 
  oh well , at least it was just a mexican that got destroyed , and not something important . 
  could 've been worse . 
  that 'd get annoying as fuck after about 3 minutes , tops . 
  yay socialism !, 
  i think the real lesson to take away from this is that if you 're going to break the law , do n't photographically document your crime . 
  who gives a shit about cousins ? 
  they 're barely even relatives . 
  as a southern american , i never really think of canada at all . 
  there was a woman behind that wheel , i guarantee it . 
  who gives a fuck about any of this ? 
  sorry , i should 've specified . 
  what i meant was who ** actually ** cares , not who 's * pretending * to care because it virtue signals . 
  oh no , whatever will we do without this national fucking treasure ? 
  it 's not that bad . 
  i just stayed right off kensington high street , overlooking the park , and it did n't even cost me $ 2500 for the week . 
  meh , nothing special really . 
  in my opinion , if someone 's body is too weak to process something as common as `` gluten '' , then that person deserves to die before they spread their shit genes . 
  of course president obama will now do precisely jack shit . 
  maybe a semi-strongly worded condemnation , if he 's feeling particularly bold today . 
  gon na have to deal with them eventually , might as well get it over with - and the longer we let those little yellow bastards go , the stronger they 're going to get . 
  false , china is a classic paper tiger . 
  for now at least . 
  i would be willing to adopt an animal if shelters had anything besides shit-tier mutts and pit bulls . 
  sometimes the growing pains for our species are unpleasant , but in the long-run , less venezuelans is a positive outcome for everyone . 
  lol , the fact that people like you actually exist is extremely entertaining to me . 
  like you 're sitting somewhere right now , taking yourself 100 % seriously , not even one single clue how ridiculous of a human being that you truly are . 
  some people have entirely too much time on their hands . 
  also , deer are faggots . 
  as good a place as any to put a dead cat , i guess . 
  it 's too bad there 's muslims there , otherwise it might be a great place . 
  fuck the french . 
  she could be hot if she took all that bullshit out of her face . 
  bitch looks like she 's about to tell someone how generous and benevolent of a god she is . 
  and a meth habit , if i had to guess . 
  one of you will end up resenting the other for it eventually . 
  traditional gender roles exist for a reason , and you can only fight nature for so long . 
  / r/justiceporn material , if you ask me . 
  i 'm just glad a russian rat met its proper fate . 
  why ? 
  a russian rat met a fitting , if not slightly too painless , end . 
  i 'm not advocating hurting anyone , nor am i looking to hurt anyone myself - but after the fact , since it already did occur , i see no reason not to recognize this as a heartwarming occasion for all of humanity to celebrate together . 
  a piece of shit died , that 's no cause for breaking out the faux-mourning routine . 
  it 's crazy how many beaners there are in south texas . 
  probably ought to deport some of them before they get cocky and try to secede , or some shit . 
  gay . 
  she 's not even wearing the right costume . 
  i 'm just glad he only picked one colored . 
  in 50 years , switzerland will be the last bastion of authentic european civilization left amid a sea of `` multi-cultural '' filth . 
  good for them for having the balls to tell the eu to get fucked . 
  i hope they completely close their borders , and leave the rest of the leftist scurge that caused this mess to suffer and wallow in the cesspool they 're creating . 
  the thing about leftist scum is that they very rarely want to actually live in a `` multi-cultural '' environment * themselves * . 
  what they really want is for other people who resemble them to have to do it , so that they can claim moral righteousness by association . 
  i 'd beat that faggot 's ass . 
  i would n't want anything to do with that hideous mutt either . 
  when i see someone with a mutt , i immediately assume it 's because they 're too poor to afford a decent dog . 
  if you ca n't afford a purebred , just get a fish or something .
