  i do n't care what the predicament may be , it 's never ok for a grown man to cry like a little bitch . 
  in fact , if this is how he handles adversity , maybe it 's better if he dies alone anyway . 
  that 's legitimately the funniest thing i 've seen this week . 
  please tell me that dumbass dickbag died . 
  i do n't know that i agree that this is `` justice '' , per se . 
  frankly , i feel like if someone is weak enough to be talked into suicide , they probably did n't deserve to live in the first place . 
  it 's just nature . 
   everyone can get help, 
  probably a little late for this guy though . 
  - suck start a 12 gauge . 
  - run your car in the garage for a while with the garage door closed . 
  - drink some draino . 
  - shoot up a shit ton of heroin . 
  - take a short stroll off of a tall building . 
  - jump in front of a train . 
  - walk into traffic . 
  - fill a bag with inert gas , then seal your head inside . 
  - chain a 100 lbs weight to yourself , then jump in a lake . 
  - bungee jump from the golden gate bridge sans bungee cord . 
  - get the cops to shoot you . 
  - move to syria . 
  really , you 're only limited by your own creative spirit . 
  brisket looks like shit , not even the vaguest hint of a smoke ring as far as i can tell . 
  what are you having him put down or some shit ? 
  honestly , looking like she did , she should 've been grateful to get a pair of dirty socks . 
  this truly is one of the shittiest subs on this website . 
  honestly though , who *** really *** cares if some trailer trash cunt punches a hole in her own head ? 
  like , i get that he has to try to stop her because that 's his job , but i do n't see why he would suffer from any lasting psychological damage . 
  titus , get the cross . 
  the majority of the world laughs at you for taking a joke as rich as corbyn seriously . 
  can we get a filter for pedestrians/motorcyclist getting hit by cars ? 
  it 's every other post , and they 're boring as shit . 
  well , that , and the fact that jeremy corbyn is a joke of a human being . 
  it happened south of the equator , who gives a shit ? 
  human life is cheap down there . 
  helped defeat the soviet union , leftists are still quite bitter about that one . 
  what with their entire grand experiment failing miserably for all to see . 
  because i told you the truth ? 
  seems a bit of an odd reason to dislike someone . 
  charge your phone , you insufferable faggot . 
  gay . 
  kinda racist that only two white people , and zero asians , have been drafted so far . 
  disappointing lack of diversity , i expect better from an organization as culturally prolific as the nfl . 
  i 'm okay with that , to be honest . 
  anybody who 's spent multiple minutes in pr knows that virtually every inhabited square inch of the main island is a festering shithole . 
  i 'll give dorado , parts of fajardo , and a small sliver of rincon a pass , but literally everything else sucks - culebra and vieques are okay , but that 's mostly because there are far fewer actual puerto ricans there . 
  every submission on this subreddit should be golden retrievers , literally everything else can fuck off . 
  remember that time when men put a woman in space so that they 'd feel better about the fact that they contributed virtually nothing to the space race ? 
  i mean , `` luck '' in the sense that the uselessness and stupidity of flyover peasants had metastasized to the point when they made it possible for him to be taken seriously , sure . 
  but let 's not let said flyover peasants off the hook for dicking the dog on this one , because they 're 100 % responsible for president trump . 
  in fact , frankly , i hope some of this administration 's policies actually become law , as a means to punish the worthless , lower-class , fucks who voted for him . 
  lol . 
  ca n't wait until all these useless , lower-class , fucks are replaced by robots . 
  look like muzzies , they probably deserved it . 
  god damn gooks . 
  i do n't understand the point of happiness , it serves absolutely no practical purpose . 
  another raw bacon cake . 
  edinburgh would be an amazing city to live in if its people were n't so politically retarded . 
  there 's definitely a direct correlation between number of bumper stickers applied , and general faggotry . 
  do you live in a shitty 90 's movie ? 
  do n't be a faggot . 
  stop being a faggot . 
  i motion to vote that henceforth and forevermore , anyone who owns a `` dog '' which the average adult male could throw further than 6 ' through the air , is a faggot . 
  being a teacher is really less of a `` job '' than it is something for bored housewives to do while their husbands are working . 
  frankly , the fact that they get paid at all is more than should be expected . 
  also , as per usual , op is a faggot . 
  there 's a difference between being gay and being a faggot . 
  alternatively , just do n't have fucking kids . 
  my life is so much better than my friends who are taking care of children it 's not even funny . 
  yeah , you 're right . 
  it 's a real shame that i 'll never remember waking up to see antarctica first come into view from the deck of a ship after crossing the drake passage , the year i spent living in prague , christmas time in edinburgh , drinking coffee as the sun rose over the cayman islands , walking through the medina of marrakesh during eid al-adha , or celebrating mardi gras on bourbon street . 
  if only i had brought some shit-eating kid along - but , alas , those experiences are lost to the sands of time now . 
  it 's a tragedy , really . 
  do you want 8 years of donald trump ? 
  because making bernie sanders the face of the democratic party is how you get 8 years of donald trump . 
  lol , you do realize that donald trump 's motivation for throwing support behind sanders was n't altruistic , right ? 
  surely you 're not * that * stupid . 
  he did it because every campaign strategist in the western hemisphere knows that bernie sanders is one 30 second attack ad away from complete and total irrelevance . 
  the man 's past is a political mine field , the only reason nobody brought it up , is because he was so harmless that it was better strategy to try and court his minuscule support base by allowing the entire exercise in futility to run its sad little course organically . 
  if he were capable of making a national election even the least bit interesting , the entire country would be much more familiar with his past affinity for breadlines and leftist dictators . 
  except it 's in an arab country . 
  so , you know , probably beheadings for sorcerers . 
  what is the point of canada ? 
  you definitely look like the kind of person who would figure this one out . 
  meh , that 's alright . 
  [ i like this one better though ] ( https://vimeo.com/161418954 ) ( the good part starts at around 1:30 ish ) . 
  it 's a bit more raw and intense -, 
  plus , two people actually die in it , which really adds to the excitement . 
  wife and neighbor , according to the [ newspaper article ] ( http://www.dailyherald.com/article/20160403/news/160409707/ ) from the video description . 
  i guess the dude who filmed it wrapped himself in a sheet , then jumped down the chimney or something . 
  whatever , there was a bed sheet and a chimney involved . 
  stuff it down with brown . 
  people are far too soft on their dogs these days . 
  dogs need the carrot and the stick in roughly equal measure while they 're young - if this lady had taken the opportunity to whoop the shit out of that dog the first few times it tried to establish itself as the pack leader , shit like this would never occur . 
  it would be one thing if it was shitting on the floor or something , but this behavior is especially egregious considering that dogs absolutely understand that stealing food from another pack member is an act of blatant disrespect . 
  most of the shitty little breeds also were n't developed with consideration for anything other than looking a certain way , so they lack some of the positive behavioral and intellectual traits possessed by breeds that were crafted to suit some practical purpose . 
  if that 's a purebred golden retriever , it 's got some of the shittiest genetics i 've ever seen . 
  lol , the fact that people still take noam chomsky seriously is genuinely hilarious to me . 
  he 's gon na raise an army , should n't be more than a few days before they cross the potomac . 
  frankly , the die is cast at this point .
