  lol . 
  pray tell , counsel , precisely which `` international '' statute did the united states of america violate during operation neptune spear ? 
  chapter vii article 51 of the united nations charter :, 
   nothing in the present charter shall impair the inherent right of individual or collective self-defence if an armed attack occurs against a member of the united nations , until the security council has taken measures necessary to maintain international peace and security . 
  measures taken by members in the exercise of this right of self-defence shall be immediately reported to the security council and shall not in any way affect the authority and responsibility of the security council under the present charter to take at any time such action as it deems necessary in order to maintain or restore international peace and security, 
  i meant actual statutes governing the conduct of states . 
  my bad , i should 've been more specific . 
  it really is fucking tragic that they 're going to let that worthless , sub-human , cocksucker plead its way out of execution . 
  if any creature ever deserved a haphazard concoction of whatever drugs the state has lying around , it 's that pestilent insect . 
  very disappointed in you , south carolina . 
  but how will we get completely arbitrary figures if robots do n't even have asses to pull things out of ? 
  he does n't have a choice , he ' already hedged all of his bets on rapprochement with obama 's successor . 
  it did n't really matter who that was , enmity towards the office of the u.s. president was never a viable long term strategy for israel . 
  bibi netanyahu just wagered that the possible gain from leveraging congressional opposition to the iran deal , at the expense of his relationship with obama , would outweigh any long term negative consequences . 
  how are the russian people * not * complicit in the actions of the government they overwhelmingly support ? 
  also , recent polling data shows that he 's losing traction with his key support base ( registered republicans that previously had favorable views of his administration ) . 
  it 's no secret what sorts of legislative efforts serve to placate them , what with their poorly disguised predilection for christian/white supremacy and all . 
  i 'm trying to figure out how that was * supposed * to go , but i 'm coming up blank . 
  was it some kind of * jackass : construction zone * stunt ? 
  i mean , in any normal era , you guys would be the butt of the world 's jokes for electing dude weedbro . 
  by any conventional standard , he 's a joke of a leader in his own right - it 's just that donald trump happens to be a once-in-a-millennium level clown . 
  because if they did , they 'd be fired , and then replaced by someone who would almost certainly be selected primarily on the basis of loyalty rather than competence . 
  you guys do realize the labour party * did n't * actually win , right ? 
  glad you 're cured , what did y' all have ? 
  gay . 
  next . 
  it 's like eggs benedict , except you removed all but two of the good parts and added a bunch of healthy bullshit . 
  because for decades they 've been aggressively obstructing the sorts of measures which could prevent mass shootings , so i 'm not going to shed tears over those chickens coming home to roost . 
  you reap what you sow , and they 've sown some pretty vile shit over the past half century . 
  they do n't cower to the gun lobby out of ideological sympathies , they do it because they 're greedy cowards . 
  they were greedy cowards when they woke up this morning , and the ones who survive will be greedy cowards when they wake up tomorrow too . 
  not * cheering * necessarily , but i 'm certainly not in mourning either . 
  you could still pronounce it `` shar ** \u0113 ** a '' . 
  unless this is going to cause the gun lobby to stop , you know , lobbying the gop in their favor , then no . 
  it 's not going to lead to a substantive change in the gop platform . 
  it was never really about ideological sympathies , it 's about money , and not wanting the nra to throw full support behind every primary challenger they face for the rest of their political careers . 
  we were all bowling balls on that fateful day . 
  i was a bowling ball on that fateful day . 
   the right cola for closure \u2122 , which is just what this investigation needs, 
  - donald trump jr. 
  i 'm going to be so fucking pissed if this entire franchise morphs into this world of warcraft bullshit . 
  it 's already infuriating enough that they 've wasted two new releases on it . 
  there are some things that women just should n't do , and mma is one of them . 
  the whole thing is just indecent . 
  nobody went there that day to hear some blowhard bean whine about the god damn student council . 
  completely justified in shutting that shit down . 
   e-sports, 
  oh god , my sides . 
  of course `` e-sports '' is a thing , what a fucking time to be alive . 
  somewhere we do n't call playing video games `` e-sports '' , apparently . 
  not riled up in the least bit , i think it 's hilarious that neckbeards call it that . 
  not to be confused with '' [ dr. jinx ] ( https://youtu.be/vmimucx1cqo?t=28 ) '' . 
  jon is a self-righteous , do-gooder , little bitch . 
  i do n't know why people see his character as the most noble , or whatever the fuck . 
  oh well , at least it will probably be a * short * humiliating existence for him . 
  what with the rapidly approaching coronary heart disease , diabetes , obstructive sleep apnea , and all that fun stuff that comes with being a fat sack of shit . 
  you 'd need a god damned saturn v rocket to get that lard ass going fast enough to skim on anything . 
  that was * so close * to working in the previous 27 elections . 
  the problem with the greens is n't their candidates , it 's their nonsense ideology . 
  i like either the guy who played the mayor on the wire , or the dog . 
  gay . 
  next . 
  explain how prancing around like a fairy on ice skates is `` real sport '' . 
  it 's too bad she could n't do it back when she was actually attractive . 
  i do n't understand what the point of a forest is . 
  all that valuable land , and lumber , just sitting there seems like an enormous waste of resources . 
  i 've seen white sharks in less than 15 ' of water on a couple separate occasions while diving off the coast of south africa . 
  it 's not an incredibly rare sight . 
  not an unpopular sentiment for his demographic . 
  they 're not the smartest , in case you had n't noticed . 
  does it still work if the chick is hideous ? 
  seems like it kind of defeats the purpose of this sub . 
  no , this borderline morbidly obese specimen is objectively unattractive by virtually every civilized standard . 
  probably gets plenty of attention from the blacks though , so at least she has that ... 
  til telling the truth is `` trolling '' . 
  you could start by not being a whiny little bitch . 
  sand is the gayest substance in the known universe . 
  allegedly *, 
  let 's not pretend that the chinese are world-renowned for their honesty . 
  by virtue of its most elemental nature . 
  it 's just gay . 
  it sucks , and nobody likes it . 
  china has 500 + coal plants slated to break ground for construction between now and 2030 ... 
  lol , the delusion in this thread is almost palpable . 
  lived in shanghai for 6 months , his analysis is n't far off . 
  lol , your comment history says enough . 
  go beat off to tyrannical oligarchies some more , you silly child . 
  lol , that arabian looks retarded as fuck . 
  the guy who said lying is entrenched in chinese culture . 
  there 's too many people , i ca n't keep up with all of it . 
  this post gave me leukemia , thanks op . 
  you look like a genuine faggot . 
  lol , people still give a fuck about what this useless faggot has to say ? 
  has he not already proven himself to be a cock sucking traitor 100x over ? 
  fucking white devils , ruining the black man 's urban utopia . 
  she 'll be fat within the decade , she 's got that `` ticking time bomb '' build . 
  i do n't see any `` mountains '' in this picture . 
  so tired of seeing that disgusting wildebeest 's face on an almost daily basis , her physical appearance is genuinely offensive . 
  it 's gotten to the point where i find myself consciously avoiding any situation where i might be forced to bear witness to her grotesquely sloppy fatness . 
  that was considerably less entertaining than i had hoped it would be .
