  what 's so special about tackling a deer ? 
  they 're top heavy as fuck , and their legs are about as big around as pencils . 
  lol , sweden . 
  spend their entire lives bent and spread , then act surprised when someone comes around and fucks them . 
  lol , why are leftist always so predictably cringey ? 
  i do n't see a blue cord or any sort of combat badge , and all the ribbons he 's wearing are essentially participation trophies - so it 's still entirely possible that he is , in fact , dressed like a coward . 
  lol , fucking flyover peasants . 
  lol , fat fuck gave him a big enough target . 
  lol , flyover peasants . 
  how do these people actually exist ? 
  they 're a bunch of useless , angst-addled , flyover peasants , who cares what they think about anything ? 
  otters creep me the fuck out . 
  my god , that 's a hideous fucking creature . 
  no bullshit , that is genuinely one of the single ugliest animals i 've ever seen being kept as a pet . 
  i just tell it like it is . 
  obese/10 . 
  thing about rugby is that it seems like such a waste . 
  i mean , in all the time they spent goofing off with the rugby stuff , they could 've played at least a half of football . 
  waste of time and talent . 
  jesus , is that useless blowhard immortal , or what ? 
  he 's been making a fool of himself since at least the early 60 's . 
  rugby is completely unsophisticated . 
  it 's essentially just `` smear the queer '' with a rudimentary point system . 
  the most philadelphia video i 've seen this week . 
  bet he learned not to be a cunt when someone in a position of authority asks him to do something though . 
  all the videos are clearly edited to remove context , but i think it 's altogether reasonable to assume that literally dragging someone off the plane was n't their first approach to resolving the issue . 
  they only overbook flights because their customers are routinely too stupid to show up on time . 
  airlines have some of the slimmest margins of any industry in the world , and businesses do n't survive on silly , anti-commerce , leftist sentiment . 
  unless you want to do away with civilian air travel , allowances are going to be necessary . 
  i 'd completely support a 2nd holocaust if bronies were its primary target for extermination . 
  throw anime faggots into the mix , and i 'll straight up join the new ss . 
  not sure what these idiots expected :, 
  - nobody seems to know their jobs . 
  or really even have specific jobs to begin with . 
  - their response to a far ambush is to sit tight in the kill zone and wait for it to become a close one . 
  - the closest they come to deploying their crew served weapons is haphazardly slinginging it over some dude 's shoulder for 5 seconds . 
  and there 's absolutely no effort whatsoever to even gain local fire superiority from any of them , in spite of the fact that they possess multiple tactical advantages ( e.g. 
  close air support , dominating terrain , working comms etc. ), 
  - their leaders are more concerned with saving their own asses than they are in , you know , actually leading their soldiers . 
  basically a what-not-to-do training video . 
  how the fuck these people gained the ability to wear uniforms and rank is beyond me . 
  camels are fucking faggots . 
  i tried to feed one of those stupid looking fucks at an animal park once , and it bit my finger so hard that it broke . 
  jesus christ , enough with the autistic fixation on god damned united airlines . 
  do they not have basic training ? 
  because this is n't like seal-level tactical acumen we 're talking here , it 's practically fucking common sense . 
  these are concepts that privates ought to have learned by like week three of basic training - how the fuck do people carrying the title of `` captain '' or `` sergeant '' not know better ? 
  china did n't condemn the strikes , they just issued a generic response about the importance of diplomacy in resolving the situation in syria . 
  i 'm sure they 'll preserve their voting bloc by sticking with russia on any unsc resolutions , but they do n't really have a dog in the hunt in syria . 
  i 'm down for a war someplace where the women fuck , the weather is decent , and the consumption of alcohol is n't a capital offense . 
  to be honest , i 'm not sure why we ever did away with european wars to begin with , now that i think about it . 
  they seem nice . 
  i beat off on three different continents in less than 24 hours once , that was pretty neat . 
  edit : i also got to play bumper cars with practically brand new f-250 's that got left on balad when we were like the last unit there . 
  that was probably legit the most fun i had in the army . 
  i got international airspace too , but i 'm not sure that counts for anything . 
  since it 's inception , brazil has been constantly plagued by the fact that it 's chock-full of brazilians . 
  looks like he could use some blood . 
  probably came to the realization that they were going to have to go through their entire lives being russian . 
  i 'd kill myself too , honestly . 
  oh well , at least he does n't have to live in pakistan anymore . 
  gay . 
  what 's the difference between ancient and modern sewage ? 
  because liberalism has made western democracies too limp-dicked and sensitive to stomach the unpleasant realities incumbent in actually winning wars . 
  i like to think that i 'm sort of the adolf hitler of the tarantula community . 
  i guarantee i killed at least a couple hundred of those thing when i lived in west texas for a few years , they 're god damn everywhere out there . 
  nothing a firm boot stomp ca n't fix . 
  not a bad shot for hajj . 
  i dispute the notion that tony hawk is still famous enough for his name to be tied to him in the minds of strangers . 
  seems more of a / r/thathappened sort of situation to me . 
  this sub upvotes the gayest shit to my front page . 
  this is n't even remotely `` creepy '' , it 's just some shitty drawing . 
  you 'd probably let loose every now and then too if your job required wrangling belligerent baboons all day . 
  i have absolutely no issue with what they did . 
  besides , i 'm sure once we learn the proper context , we 'll see that their so-called `` victim '' deserved exactly what they got , just like always happens in these cases . 
  why would they ? 
  i 'm a white taxpayer , and i obey the law . 
  not likely anytime soon , i 'm healthy as shit . 
  something about nips just creeps me the fuck out . 
  they 're like human robots . 
  dude , bro , that was so edgy . 
  you 're like the coolest , everybody knows it . 
  if i paid you for lessons , do you think you could teach me to be you ? 
  landwhale , i guarantee it . 
  edit : hambeast . 
  because some of us respect ugly women less . 
  space is super gay . 
  eat it , you faggot . 
  shut the fuck up . 
  space is super gay . 
  good riddance . 
  le weed is magic , amirite guys ? 
  never understood why lefties ca n't like something without trying to fucking deify it . 
  pick another way to go . 
  last time i was in the u.k. , i got stuck halfway between york and newcastle for like 4 god damned hours because some stupid fuck decided to walk in front of the train . 
  there 's a million different ways for one to off themselves , choose one that does n't involve inconveniencing everybody else . 
  what right do the natives have to impose their will on us ? 
  they had their chance to secure the right to call the shots in this country , and they failed miserably - in what universe do the conquered get to dictate the terms of anything to their conquerors ? 
  not to mention the fact that this so-called `` protest movement '' is so obviously a pathetically transparent ploy for lazy douchebags to milk white guilt for a few extra bucks . 
  we all know damn well that they 'd be singing a much different tune about this pipeline if their unreasonable demands for compensation were met .
