  save yourself the embarrassment . 
  good riddance , i heard he was a racist . 
  pisses me off to see someone wasting perfectly good golden retriever genetics like this . 
  just find two god damned golden retrievers , how fucking hard is that ? 
  they 're the most popular breed on the planet . 
  the problem with macfarlane is that his job is to be funny , and he just is n't . 
  human life is an objectively cheap commodity . 
  lol , leftist donald trump . 
  swap immigrants for rich people , and it 's the same tired populist nonsense . 
  just dumb old men railing against make believe enemies , hoping nobody realizes they lack even the vaguest semblance of a substantive solution for any of the issues they supposedly care so much about . 
  pretty sure they 're breaking the law if they do n't have a scenic viewing license . 
  god damn i love watching commies die , i could watch that shit all day . 
  the real tragedy in wwii is that the united states only dropped two bombs . 
  are we just going to not address the fact that op is a strange faggot too ? 
  i 'm white , where can i get some of this privilege they speak of ? 
  lol , speak for yourself . 
  my problem with `` gay friends '' is that i simply ca n't respect a man who 's had another man 's dick in his mouth . 
  supply and demand . 
  if enough people bought nigger barbie , nigger barbie would cost the same . 
  it is for a man . 
  lol , that geriatric fuck is n't going to be around in 2020 . 
  i think you 're confusing `` facts '' with `` whining '' , hardly a first for your type . 
  lol , i never thought barnie sandals had a snowball 's chance at becoming president . 
  lol , the american people do n't want that decrepit old blowhard anywhere near the oval office . 
  do you genuinely not get that , or is this just some sort of drawn out denial phase of the grieving process for you people ? 
   hurr durr literally everybody who dislikes gays is gay . 
  apart from his obvious megalomaniacal tendencies , julian assange is motivated almost solely by a deep , virulent , hatred of the united states of america . 
  ergo , as long as he believes that donald trump is bad for the united states , he 's not going to undermine him . 
  any higher and her impact might 've caused a mass-extinction event . 
  do n't dare say the word `` nigger '' though , that 's offensive !, 
   criminals, 
  personally , i prefer `` useless niggers '' , but to each their own . 
  they could 've all been his sons . 
  it 's tragic , really . 
  so-called `` racism '' is a natural , biologically driven , occurrence in all human societies/groups . 
  i 've simply chosen not to pretend it is n't there . 
  there 's no biological incentive to kill for sport , but your sustenance will almost certainly depend on thousands of animal deaths over the course of your lifetime . 
  do n't worry , i 'll take care of it myself long before things get to that point . 
  except most kids have the potential to be useful members of society in the future , and old people are a useless waste of resources . 
  so many problems facing society could be solved if we simply stopped artificially prolonging the lives of people who serve as net-drains for resources . 
  nothing a few split atoms could n't solve . 
  the whole region needs a do-over - just wipe it clean , and start fresh . 
  surprise ? 
  i do n't agree that the cia sucks . 
  people in the western world have just gotten so soft that they 've forgotten that the continued existence of our comfortable , care-free , civilization sometimes relies on the good guys getting their hands a little dirty . 
  you are very good at make the english , comrade . 
  i can honestly say this is the single most retarded explanation i 've encountered yet for why someone voted for donald trump . 
  the man 's entire platform consisted of vague deferences , and wild ( occasionaly blatantly illegal ) fantasies . 
  other than the stupid wall that the taxpayers are going to fund , a series of national defense proposals that violated both national and international law , and a bunch of flowery bullshit about bringing back obsolete jobs , i ca n't think of one single policy item he offered to the american people . 
  not to mention , about the only thing he 's ever done for blue-collared americans is [ fuck them over ] ( http://www.usatoday.com/story/news/politics/elections/2016/06/09/donald-trump-unpaid-bills-republican-president-laswuits/85297274/ ) . 
  still not buying your mixtape , tyrone . 
  kill a terrorist , go to jail . 
  strange times we 're living in . 
  the only corresponding problem i see here is that there are entirely too many living terrorists in this world . 
  went hiking in new zealand once , everything was going great up until the point when i rounded a corner only to be confronted by the scene of three obese natives vigorously butt raping a deceased sea lion . 
  do n't think i 'll be going back anytime soon . 
  lol , chinks are such a garbage people . 
  nobody said that sacrifices would n't have to be made . 
  one of the first shit-tier episodes of the show . 
  try less hard . 
  shepherd smith explicitly defended cnn on fox news earlier this afternoon . 
  why even post this shit ? 
  guaranteed roof-raiser shoots up at least one school . 
  such a bullshit false equivalency . 
  the russia-sryia-iran forces lack the capabilities to conduct combined arms operations in syria . 
  meaning , rather than conducting highly precise strikes against very specific targets on a strictly as-needed basis ( like nato and israeli forces ) , they 're essentially leveling entire city blocks to soften them in preparation for ground operations . 
  not even close to being the same thing , legally or morally . 
  again , you 're falsely equating a military doctrine fundamentally predicated on the minimization of collateral damage/casualties , even if it occasionally falls short of meeting that objective , with a doctrine comprised of quite literally the diametric opposite . 
  aleppo , grozny , gori , donetsk , take your pick - anywhere the putin regime sends its pawns , one can all but guaranteed that intentional wholesale slaughter of civilians is sure to follow . 
  and you have no power in the real world . 
  only if she 's not a communist , i fucking hate communists . 
  no it does n't , you niggerfaggot . 
  wonder whose bike that is . 
  not everyone can be a sentimental little bitch . 
  well not israel , of course . 
  and not just the middle east , any strike will have to include pakistan , indonesia , malaysia , the philippines , and north africa as well . 
  edit : also central asia , the southern balkans , and greece . 
  lol , tagalog is such a retarded fucking language . 
  1.57 billion , to be a bit more precise . 
  it 's the only solution to the muslim question . 
  but remember , according to super well-informed western liberals everywhere , iran is actually an incredibly tolerant country , and the only reason they have a bad reputation is because of unfair labeling bestowed upon them by warmongering conservatives . 
  and/or it 's only the select few people in charge who are responsible - definitely not the complicit masses who put them in positions of power in the first place , and continue to prop them up to this day . 
  because iran is a sworn enemy of the united states , and irrationally hating the united states also happens to be one of the western leftist 's most treasured pastimes . 
  birds of a feather type arrangement , from what i gather . 
  funny how people take exception to those seeking to subjugate them in the name of delusional imperialistic ambitions . 
  seems like maybe if they 're unhappy with the consequences of repeatedly waging wars of conquest against their unwitting neighbors , there might be a fairly simple solution out there somewhere ... 
  i know if some foreign despot tried to impose his will on me in my home , i 'd probably try to find some creatively sadistic means by which to dispatch the pawns he sent to do his bidding too . 
  all a moot point i suppose , considering this video is clearly fake as fuck . 
   surprised no shills have shown up yet . 
  who do you think posts this nonsense ? 
  i see it on this subreddit all the time . 
  there was one video posted here a while back supposedly showing an innocent syrian family in a bomb shelter before they died , where the `` family '' in question sat in a circle - in the face of apparent imminent death , mind you - then each took the opportunity to clearly articulate praises for bashar al-assad and his government as their last words . 
  instead of , ya ' know , doing the kind of shit that makes one iota of sense for a family to do when they all reckon their minutes away from death . 
  would 've been hilarious if it were n't for the fact that almost no one even questioned the validity of the whole charade . 
  definitely my favorite type of communist . 
  who actually thinks about this kind of bullshit ? 
  it 's a funny tv show , do n't overthink it . 
  only sometimes . 
  i 've seen a lab devour an entire dove in less than 10 seconds . 
  out of all the celestial bodies , the moon is the biggest faggot .
