  can we limit the submissions of faggots getting hit by cars , and crashing their motorcycles/mopeds ? 
  it 's like 50 % of the content here , and 100 % boring as fuck . 
  looks like you 've captured a one-armed hooker , and forced her to pose in front of an american flag . 
  kurdish commie trash . 
  kurdish commie trash , they 're fighting against the turkroaches because they want their own country . 
  lol , a real life communist !, 
  how edgy . 
  no , it 's just that the vast majority of people do n't espouse complete joke-tier , non viable , ideologies . 
  so it 's funny to see someone so stupid in the wild . 
  communism is n't a serious enough ideology to warrant serious discourse . 
  would you mind fucking off ? 
  it 's a god damned dog , who gives a fuck ? 
  lol , implying actual working adults support barney sandals . 
  but hey , you got andre 3013 , or whatever the fuck his name is . 
  so chin-up , kiddo . 
  lol , that 's really all you 've got , is n't it ? 
  keep plugging away , that liberal arts degree is gon na payoff some day , surely . 
  in the meantime , have fun making my coffee , faggot . 
  it 's funny because i know that somewhere you 're sitting there thinking you 've really burned me , not having even a single clue that you have n't , or how humiliatingly pathetic your entire `` movement '' looks to the other 99.9 % of the country . 
  reality is a bitch , is n't it ? 
  only if more people facebank though !, 
  also , i just donated my dick and both balls , who 's gon na match me !? 
  oh man , that was so clever . 
  you 're like the cleverest , everybody knows it . 
  the gorillaz always sucked , it 's probably just that you 're not an angsty teenager anymore . 
  because useless , blue-collared , flyover peasants are incredibly stupid , and gullible . 
  it truly is * that * simple . 
  i 'm sure people will come up with a thousand different explanations to avoid facing this fact , but it 's a fact nonetheless . 
  do n't try to reason with the flyover peasants , you 're wasting your times . 
  if they were amenable to reason , we would n't be talking about the presidential inauguration of a former cut-rate reality tv spare . 
  lol , yeah it definitely makes more sense that the protestors were shooting themselves . 
  great detective work , comrade holmes . 
  they 're stupid flyover peasants , do n't put them on a pedestal . 
  they 're the idiots you went to high school with who never left your hometown , absolutely nothing to be afraid of . 
  four years from now we 'll all be laughing about this , and they 'll still be working construction or some shit . 
  good call , this one 's definitely all about you . 
  you 're a very relevant person in this whole story . 
  he 's like a south park character of himself . 
  it 's all a novelty act , the character is n't particularly interesting . 
  if it were n't being played by a midget , nobody would care . 
  oh to be young , and enrolled in one 's first polisci course . 
  i remember those days . 
  enjoy the youthful idealism while it lasts , it wo n't be long before you grow out of it . 
  i do n't get this sub . 
  is it satire , or do you guys actually believe all of the absurd stories you upvote ? 
  i feel like anyone after 90 is free game for almost anything . 
  like , you 've lived long enough you selfish prick , make room for someone else . 
  brazil : where everyone is on death row . 
  fun fact : cucumbers are actually classified as a nut . 
  if it concerns passing secret files to russia , that 's just garden variety counter-intelligence . 
  flynn would hardly be the highest ranking official to ever take the fall for spying for a foreign government . 
  the office of the dni puts together the president 's daily briefing , so i 'm sure they 've got a pretty good idea about what 's being said in them . 
  odni is like 2,000 people too , so even though they 're not all seeing the final draft of the pdb , it 's still a lot of mouths to keep shut if something fucked up is happening . 
  excluding the dni is stupid , but it has some precedent , excluding the chairman of the jcs is absolute lunacy . 
  i 'd imagine this is going to be a headache for mattis , the pentagon will not be well pleased . 
  b. . . b. . . but muh emails , and evangelical convictions . 
  if we 're talking about it on reddit , i feel fairly certain it has n't escaped the attention of the ic . 
  for all we know , there could be indictments in the pipeline already . 
  odds that  10 % of the clown man 's merry little band of useful idiots could describe the responsibilities of either of those offices without googling them ? 
  speaking from a great deal of experience , i 'd estimate a solid 1 out of 8 people i knew in the army was an absolute piece of shit human being . 
  probably at least 2-3 times that , if we 're talking strictly retardation . 
  too bad the average trump voter is too stupid to understand what the nsc even is . 
  you see this headline , they see :, 
   the god-emperor did something , must 've been good ... words words words ... far-right , hey that 's me ... words words words ... brietbart , i love brietbart !, 
  that is , if they even consume any news that is n't coming out of rush limbaugh 's mouth , or the twitter account of some half-bright mccveigh enthusiast . 
  most enlistedmen probably are n't following politics closely enough , nor do they know enough about how the military works at the highest levels , to understand or care about any of this , specifically . 
  in an overarching sense , my guess : the white joes are split 75/25 pro-trump , and the black and mexican joes are about 90/10 in the opposite direction - neither camp basing their views on much of anything outside of fitting in with their peers . 
  younger nco 's are too busy to give a fuck , older staff nco 's are probably staunchly on the pro-trump side of the fence , and the officers are daydreaming about what they could do in the civilian world if they happened to resign their commissions . 
  overseas , they 're probably going to be wondering why the mortar/rocket attacks are picking up so quickly this week . 
  then come friday , after the imams whip their congregations into a suitable state of frenzied rage , they 're going to wonder what the roe says they can do if the 50,000 rioters outside their compounds happen to make it inside the wire . 
  then , of course , there 's always the ever-disgruntled ana who now have extra incentive to shoot them in the back , which i 'm sure is poised to become a fair bit more commonplace in the not-so-distant future . 
  all in all , i 'd imagine that a lot of what were expected to be `` easy deployments '' , are now about to take a decidedly sketchy turn for the combat arms folk - i 'm certainly not envious of them today . 
  the private news network is not a real news source . 
  if half the shit i 've heard come out of a pfc 's mouth was well informed in terms of politics , my unit would 've invaded iran about 57 times over the course of 4 years . 
  take away any modern military 's ability to use massive overwhelming firepower ( i.e. 
  air ordinance , artillery , armor etc. ), 
  in an urban environment , and the odds are n't nearly as skewed as one might think . 
  i 'm absolutely not endorsing the idea of fighting the us military in any capacity - just pointing out that in close-quarters combat , violence of action , initiative , and small-unit agility are the prime currencies , rather than raw firepower and superior training . 
  yeah , but not without resorting to firepower that would almost assuredly never be green-lit for usage on american soil , regardless of the scale of the policing action . 
  even then , there were shiite neighborhoods in and around baghdad that remained functional no-go areas for coalition ground forces throughout the entirety of the war . 
  sure , you 've got a handful of examples like 2nd fallujah , but again , you ca n't exactly make it rain j-dams on denver , so i 'm not sure there 's a whole lot of applicability for those successful strategies in terms of a hypothetical stateside conflict scenario . 
  not a bad strategy . 
  if donnie dearest starts feeling like people are giving president brannon the credit for his tremendous , unbelievable , the best accomplishments , it 's virtually guaranteed to cause some friction between the two . 
  i guess i should 've added that my perspective is coming from a former 11b . 
  we have our finer points as a branch , but as far as i can remember , a penchant for informed policy debate was n't ever one of them . 
  really more of a `` strippers and questionable decision making '' type crowd . 
  it would be infinitely more palatable if donald trump were to be a cleverly shitty human being . 
  the fact that he 's an occasionally coherent , loud mouth , jackass is where the insult meets injury . 
  like , not only is some asshole subverting the principles our nation was founded on , but the responsible party is a cut-rate reality tv spare , doing the entire god damned thing in shitty gordon gekko character . 
  and then an apparent plurality of the country look at this abortion of a goat rope , and think `` that 's something i enthusiastically support '' . 
  if you told me this shit 3 years ago , i would 've been waiting for the fucking punchline when you finished talking . 
  i 've never personally witnessed such an event . 
  i 'm just giving him the benefit of the doubt , and assuming that given generous enough standards , at some point he 's probably accidentally constructed a sentence that technically conveyed meaning . 
  if only by virtue of spontaneous chance , and the sheer volume of words that leave his mouth . 
  i guess `` technically correct '' is a decent enough consolation prize . 
  congrats , you earned it . 
  arms races for everyone !, 
  it 's about damn time those western european rivalries kicked off again . 
  pax americana is nice enough , what with the whole `` historically unprecedented lack of all-out war between industrial powerhouses '' and all , but i feel like a bit more excitement in my 24 hour news cycle . 
  reading the first sentence of the 2nd link got me thinking :,
