  just catching the beleaguered masses at the border , and telling them all to fuck off back to the dad-foresaken shitholes from whence they fled . 
  en ingl\u00e9s , por favor . 
  as opposed to the slow , creeping regret of realizing she 's ingested about 4,000 too many big mac 's this year . 
  lol , false . 
  the vast majority of whom were killed by other iraqis . 
  i do n't know if i 'd be able to hide the disappointment if i found out i was having a daughter instead of a son . 
  [ president kelly ] ( https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=xosv95kozjc ) . 
  2nd fattest president in u.s. history , to be specific . 
  he listened to some shitty , machiavellian , `` self-help '' book , and now he thinks he 's super clever . 
  except he 's not smart enough to grasp the concept of subtlety . 
  i would almost guarantee it . 
  he 's a beta-male 's idea of an alpha . 
  and the oldest person ever inaugurated . 
  not a particularly healthy combination . 
  hypothetically , you would n't have to be stronger than them everywhere all the time , just at single places and times of your choosing . 
  which would n't be an impossible feat , if things came to that . 
  it 's certainly not without historical precedent , even in this country . 
  he 's never been a `` successful businessman '' , the only thing he ever succeeded at in business has been acting as a glorified mascot for other people 's ostentatious real estate projects . 
  in fact , had he simply placed his enormous inheritance in money market accounts , he would be exponentially more wealthy than he claims to be today . 
   made billions of dollars, 
  citation needed . 
  like , you know , the tax return he 's terrified of letting you see . 
  please do explain . 
  tricking a few million flyover peasants does not a genius make . 
  or is it delusional to believe such an extraordinary claim with no evidence whatsoever to support it ? 
  he 's `` created '' very little , virtually every property bearing his name is somebody else 's who he 's licensed to use his name . 
  you do n't make billions serving as a glorified mascot . 
  i 'm quite certain that donald trump has never actually written a book himself . 
  you keep using that word , but i do n't think you actually know what it means . 
  lol , it really does n't though . 
  that would actually be a really cool place if somebody fixed it up , and took the deer blind out . 
  prelude to an appearance before a grand jury , one would hope . 
  edit : hopefully this can coax patreaus out of hiding too . 
  assuming he can still obtain the proper clearances , it would n't hurt to have at least one voice of reason in the president 's ear . 
  if the fbi asks for an endictment , and the doj refuses , at the very least , it 's a massive festering scandal that 'll haunt the gop well past 2018 . 
  counter-intelligence folks do n't play silly games , they 've put far bigger fish than flynn in adx florence . 
  i dunno , something tells me `` class and finesse '' might not be the current preferred approach to courting gop voters . 
  call it a hunch . 
  not really too surprising anymore . 
  if you would 've asked me what the trump administration 's head of epa 's defining belief was , i feel like i would 've needed two guesses , tops , to come up with `` thinks climate change is a hoax '' . 
  the only thing he 's ever really made money off of is whoring himself out as a glorified mascot for other people 's ostentatious high rises . 
  i do n't know that there 's a clinically diagnosable illness , so much as he 's just utterly and completely intellectually unqualified for the job he 's in . 
  after watching him ramble on aimlessly between pre-packaged sound bites during his press conference yesterday , it 's just blatantly obvious that he 's got no idea what 's going on . 
  honestly , i 'd almost feel bad for him if he did n't vent his frustrations by being a piece of shit human being . 
  never underestimate just how stupid the average flyover peasant actually is . 
  i 'm confirming the truth : a comparative handful of militantly stupid people , from insignificant little places , who live insignificant little lives , are fucking over the majority of the people in this country with their retardation . 
  if that 's the narrative they 're peddling , so be it . 
  i guess they 're right , for once . 
  last i checked , california 's electoral votes were n't cast in favor of a cut-rate reality tv spare . 
  it really is sort of surreal to watch somebody so resoundingly intellectually unqualified for the job stand at that podium and spew unmitigated word salad for an hour and a half . 
  i do n't think i 've ever seen somebody filibuster themselves before . 
  points for originality , i guess . 
   wtf concept is is this psychopathic statement even trying to convey ? 
  you 're putting far more thought into his words than he does . 
  this is not a cunning , diabolical , evil genius , running some clever scheme . 
  it 's a dumb old hack trying to hide just how intellectually unqualified he is for the job . 
  if people would stop allowing him to get away with half-assed generalities all the time , and really forced him to speak in specific terms about the things he 's constantly railing against , it would n't take long for it to become abundantly clear how clueless he truly is . 
  donald trump is an economist and/or businessman in much the same way that zach braff is a doctor of internal medicine . 
  is it not abundantly clear by now that flyover peasants simply are n't smart enough to be treated as adults ? 
  if you want to reach them , you have to treat them as though they 're a group of cranky 1st graders . 
  anything beyond that is just going to sail over their heads , and frustrate them . 
  i too listen to conservative talk radio for the sheer entertainment value . 
  well , that , and the fact that there 's no other sort of talk radio in my market besides cheesy sports animal bullshit , and npr . 
  they think they won too , like they 're part of the team . 
  what other avenue do blue-collared flyover peasants have to feel as though they 're superior to the so-called `` coastal elites '' they despise so virulently ? 
  never mind the fact that donald trump does n't give a flying fuck about any of them , or that his policies are going to hurt them in the long run . 
  they do n't understand policy enough to care about it , they just want someone to make them * feel * good right now . 
  i still stand by the assertion that mercury poisoning builds character . 
  the man is going to singlehandedly cause wharton to fall out of the top 25 b-schools . 
  maybe not literally , but it 's certainly never good when your most famous alumnus does n't understand high school level macroeconomic concepts . 
  even if i had no idea who he was , i would definitely still believe that . 
  nobody has ever looked more like someone who rapes people in sweden . 
  i do n't know that his personal ethos extends too far past simple narcissism , combined with deep-seated anti-americanism . 
  occasionally that manifests in a way that people on the left can appreciate , occasionally it 's people on the right . 
  but i do n't get the feeling that he cares much about either . 
  the only reason he 's ostensibly supporting donald trump is because : a ) it kept his name in the international news , and b ) he knows donald trump is bad for the united states . 
  he 's never been charged with any crime by the u.s. criminal justice system . 
  no warrants , no extradition requests . 
  he 's literally just making shit up . 
  if you `` spent a decade researching ` actual ' conspiracy '' in the same manner as that subreddit even before this election cycle , you deserve to have your voice drowned out . 
  sooner or later , we 're going to have to accept that angry words may not be enough . 
  if you want to win over flyover peasants , you do n't run on issues at all . 
  you have to make them feel superior to someone else , and promise to bring back the 1940 's . 
  does anybody actually believe that the so-called `` economic anxiety '' voters * really * voted for trump because they cared about his vague economic stances ? 
  i too devote a large portion of my time to thinking about batteries and snakes . 
  because you vote with your feelings ? 
  kind of case in point , no ? 
  flyover peasants are incredibly stupid , on average . 
  it truly is * that * simple . 
  if you hold them to any sort of standard that requires more intellect than a typical 3rd grader possesses , they 're going to fall short every single time . 
  republicans realize this , which is why they dominate in flyover america . 
  they do n't try to appeal to non-existent intellect , they win because they know how to effectively pander to , and weaponize , the emotions of profoundly stupid people . 
  his appearance alone is a national embarrassment . 
  so , yeah , unless he wears a full ultra-plus-sized burqa and says literally nothing , i 'd say there 's a pretty substantial probability that he 's going to humiliate this country and himself . 
  that 's not really all that relevant of a statistic , defense spending only really matters as it relates to percentage of overall gdp . 
   8 year old, 
  yeah , but that 's like , what , 56 in cerebral palsy years ? 
  deer are so fucking worthless . 
  i had one break it 's god damned neck by running into my truck . 
  notice , i did n't say i hit * it * .
