  quite the contrary , actually . 
  wikipedia is a fake source . 
  too bad their so-called `` music '' sucks so much dick . 
  wikipedia is a fake source . 
  how do we know the midgets are n't niggers though ? 
  `` diminutive faggots '' if you want to be technical about it . 
  i mean , sucks for them . 
  but it 's also slightly hilarious to imagine that scene . 
  cane 's is 50x better than chick-fil-a on its worst day , and chicken express is n't even in the bracket . 
  utter nonsense , all of it . 
  it did n't help that they were super into incest , and as a result , had to put a couple of literal retards on the throne . 
  shut the fuck up , nobody cares . 
  pro-tip : being funny is n't your shtick , find something else . 
  i 'm not sure whether anyone has told you this or not , but in case they have n't , you should know that you just are n't a funny person . 
  find something you 're good at , and leave the humor for somebody else . 
  again , not really working for you . 
  you 're trying to come off as funny , but you really just seem desperate . 
  it 's kind of sad , really . 
  gay . 
  there 's something oddly faggotous about this whole routine , but i ca n't quite put my finger on exactly what it is . 
  what the fuck kinda weird gook bullshit is this ? 
  i bet rhinoceroses taste delicious . 
  who does n't like the smiths though ? 
  any state that we fly over to get from one significant place to another , basically . 
  why ? 
  thanks congressman valadao . 
  i would n't be surprised if the gop primaries him in 2020 . 
  that is , if he even bothers running for reelection . 
  because i could definitely see him declaring victory , then bowing out . 
  `` we 've made america great again , our work here is done '' , or some such similar nonsense . 
  it 's rare , but it [ has happened before ] ( http://www.npr.org/sections/politicaljunkie/2009/07/a_president_denied_renominatio.html ) . 
  black handed . 
  looks like a shittier version of a hot pocket . 
  superpower by 2020 . 
  never underestimate just how stupid the average flyover peasant actually is . 
  typical `` le weed is magic '' nonsense . 
  if you want to smoke weed , fine , i do n't give a shit . 
  but stop pretending like it 's the miracle cure to every ailment known to man . 
  placebo domingo, 
  you got ta chop the head . 
  that 's what i do when i find a snake , and it always works . 
  typical communist agitprop bullshit . 
  i would be so disappointed if i found out my wife was having a girl . 
  literally no upside to having a daughter . 
  fair enough point , but that 's definitely a leopard . 
  that 's a stupid shark , i do n't like it . 
  post a different kind . 
  i n f e r i o r i t y | c o m p l e x, 
  you really ought to just go ahead and rename this subreddit / r/im14andthisispolitics . 
  it would be loads more accurate . 
  looks like shitsket to me . 
  shut the fuck up . 
  meh , bit too ethnic for my taste . 
  two fat faggots in one place , it 's a regular god damned christmas miracle . 
  false . 
  i have serious doubts about the quality of character possessed by anyone who willingly brings a cat into their home . 
  lol , yeah . 
  that socialist has a real puncher 's chance in texas - where almost the entirety of the working class 's , and a significant portion of the middle class 's , ability to put food on the table is inextricably linked to oil & gas . 
  if recent history has taught us anything , it 's that single industry reliant voters are just champing at the bit to cast their ballots in favor of politicians whose ideology touts the dissolution of their livelihoods as one of its core tenets . 
  no doubt about it . 
  strange , i 've always found it annoying that most of their budgets are so low for the markets they 're in . 
  especially international house hunters . 
  like :, 
   `` we need at least 4 bedrooms , 3 full bathrooms , an office for my wife 's non-viable business/hobby , enough outdoor space to comfortably accommodate both of our great danes , off-street assigned parking for 2 cars , and we absolutely * have * to be in central london . '', 
   `` ok , great . 
  so what 's your budget ? '', 
   '' # 600/month . '', 
  which is especially irritating , given that the show 's premise has the makings of such an interesting program . 
  lol , at least most of the areas around austin are somewhat interesting - they had one in grand prairie the other day . 
  there may not be a less interesting city in the entire united states than grand prarie , texas . 
  it 's not `` defeatist '' , it 's reality . 
  you 're proposing that a self-described `` socialist '' is going to be competitive with an electorate that 's last three victories have been awarded to kay bailey hutchinson twice ( 65 % & 67 % , respectively ) , and mr. 
  tea party himself ( 58 % ) . 
  in precisely zero of those elections did the democratic candidate 's share of the vote exceed 40 % , and two of them never even saw the northside of 30 % . 
  so i think the rational question to ask here is : exactly what about that record , and those figures , is it that you think endows you with justifiable optimism ? 
  i do n't personally know any open trump supporters either , but he still managed to secure an overwhelming majority of the vote here . 
  so i 'm not sure how much value personal anecdotes carry in this situation , given that self-selection bias is almost certainly in play . 
  until there 's some substantial empirical evidence supporting the viability of progressive politics in texas , i do n't think it 's justifiable to expend resources on some futile crusade against the forces of objective reality . 
  lol , most of the democrats in texas are hispanic and black ( of which , i count all of about 5 in the above picture ) . 
  even then , they 're mostly voting along racial lines , so all the gop has to do is trot out a token minority candidate , and they 're guaranteed to siphon off enough support to give just about any competitive election in the state coin-toss odds . 
  white democrats in texas are just about the least consequential voting block to inhabit the entire american political landscape . 
  lol , what ? 
  donald trump captured  65 % of the vote in oklahoma . 
  it 's a winner-takes-all state , the denocratic vote was irrelevant . 
  it 's because we 're too accepting as a society theses days , we do n't levy consequences against our outcasts anymore . 
  the fact that people can be vocal sandy hook troofers without being disowned by their families , or getting their asses kicked on a daily basis , is disgraceful . 
  they do n't have to . 
  if they could convince a plurality of idiot flyover peasants that a `` billionaire '' gordon gekko knockoff was the best representative of their interests , surely they can be convinced of just about anything . 
  then perhaps you 're not too familiar with recent russian history . 
  read about their conduct in the chechen wars , then tell me you do n't understand . 
  looks like shit . 
  too ethnic . 
  next . 
  dots gon na dot . 
  it 's always the same thing with nogs - given enough time , it always circles back around to `` gibsmedat '' . 
  good thing none of us will ever have to worry about what bernie sanders would do as president . 
  i feel like i could definitely take any single terrestrial creature up to the size of a black bear , no problem . 
  i 'm fairly confident i could take a fully grown mountain lion bare-handed . 
  i saw one when i lived in colorado , and it did n't look nearly as tough as one might expect . 
  more of a jumped-up house cat than anything , frankly .
