   the rape allegations surrounding donald trump could prove to be the final undoing of his presidential campaign . 
  like if somebody showed me this headline in 2012 , i 'm almost 100 % certain my first thought would 've genuinely been something along the lines of `` wow , that 's pretty dark for * the onion * '' . 
  just take a brief moment to contemplate the absurdity of that headline from a normal societal baseline . 
  this is real fucking life now in the united states of america , i do n't think this whole situation will ever stop being mind-boggling to me . 
  lol , i obviously was n't making a value judgement on the morality of the proposition . 
  just looking at a hypothetical scenario , which i happen to know a bit about through first-hand experience . 
  meh , the palin announcement was more of a late-game hail mary from a campaign that had basically already accepted that they probably were n't going to win . 
  obama 's overwhelming strength as a candidate was always a much larger factor than any success or failure within the mccain camp . 
  honestly , given the political climate of that election cycle , the gop could 've run the most flawless campaign in electoral history and they still would 've come up short . 
  in my opinion , by far their biggest error was burning one of their most talented prospects on a fight they should 've realized was futile from the very beginning . 
  the moral cowardice behind the paper-thin `` not * technically * a muslim ban '' is one of this order 's most aggravating aspects . 
  technically , the [ sf-86 packet ] ( https://gsa.gov/portal/getformformatportaldata.action;jsessionid=7f3e0b8d2a07adb5968dd43b3ffb76b4?mediaid=73373 ) * stipulates that they 're asking specifically about using * violence * to overthrown the government . 
  not that bannon does n't have plenty of other skeletons that would undoubtably disqualify the average person from obtaining clearance , it 's just that this particular cause is n't as damning as one might think . 
  * basically , a detailed questionnaire used to initiate the clearance approval process ; the relevant questions are in the 2nd or 3rd to last section , in case you do n't want to read through all 127 pages . 
  `` i won . 
  nobody cares about that . '', 
  it 's like a live action 4chan greentext story . 
  lol , jill stein in the first picture . 
  if you 're going to sell your soul , be relevant enough to actually benefit from it . 
  at least being a piece of shit seems to have worked out fairly well for flynn , all she did was make her already pointless charade even less credible . 
  smart republicans recognize that , given enough time , the winds of populism always shift . 
  it 's a flimsy , stop-gap , philosophy that rarely ever survives past the point when it ca n't continue to blame all of society 's problems on the system it replaced . 
  it simply lacks the sort of real intellectual or ideological foundation required in forming stable systems of government . 
  inconsistency leads to chaos , and political chaos invariably leads to political failure . 
  show me an example of any populist government in history , and i 'll show you one that either evolved into something else , or collapsed entirely . 
  so most of the aforementioned republicans are probably trying to keep a low profile during the gop/trump honeymoon phase , to avoid facing a political lynch mob in the short-term , while still keeping enough separatation to insulate themselves from the train wreck of this administration in the future . 
  and the majority of those who are n't in that camp yet , are going to join it once they realize the risk presented by allowing an unhinged narcissist to act as their unopposed standard bearer , eclipses any possible reward they could reap from continued loyalty . 
  because i promise you , it may take a few election cycles , but eventually there 's going to be a 1-2 decade period in which every national gop campaign is going to try to distance themselves from this disaster like it 's the plague . 
  sort of like there 's a suspicious absence of gop figures today who would tell you they supported the iraq war , even though their party acted like it was the greatest idea since sliced bread in 2003 - hell , * not * being enthusiastically supportive of the war used to be campaign suicide for gop candidates , and look how fast popular discontent turned it into the political shit sandwich it is for them today . 
  point being : it 's still too early for gop revolt in any meaningful sense , because the people who already want trump gone have to give him enough rope to hang himself with first , and too many of the others still have n't accepted that the ship they 're on is making a bee-line towards whichever iceberg is going to finally sink it . 
  at some point , popular discontent is going to reach critical mass , and turning on the bannon administration is going to be a matter of survival for all but its most entrenched supporters ( who we will all feel such tremendous sympathy for when this thing goes nose to the deep , and they realize there 's no room in the lifeboats for them ) . 
  10 years from now he 's going to be trying to go to sleep , and a sudden moment of terror is going rush over him when he remembers that this picture is still out there somewhere in the public domain . 
  russia 's attempt at weaponizing the western left is far from a new phenomenon , [ a solid contingent of the supposed grass-roots `` peace '' and denuclearization movements from the late 30 's into the early 90 's were actually fronts created , and ultimately led , by soviet intelligence officers / agents ] ( https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/soviet_influence_on_the_peace_movement ) . 
  it became a less viable avenue for them in the later stages of the cold war , once the people who 'd been duped started to realize that the hypocrisy of the figureheads within their groups was becoming increasingly blatant , and the exucuses more elaborately absurd , in terms of their justifications of soviet militarism ( to a lesser degree after the invasion of hungary in 1956 , but in earnest following the invasion of czechoslovakia in 1968 , with afghanistan being a functional deathblow to what little was left in 1979 ) . 
  but it should n't surprise any student of history that they 've returned to draw from that well again , considering the opportunity provided by the current political climate in the west . 
  what 's more alarming is that , whereas staunch anti-communism used to be one of the ideological pillars of the far-right , since moscow ditched the paper-thin farce of touting themselves as the spiritual nucleus of global left-wing politics decades ago , they 're now able to court the fringes from both sides of the political spectrum . 
  which is one of the geniuses of a system of government virtually unencumbered by even the vaguest semblance of guiding moral principles : almost any extremist can find something appealing in the putin regime 's big-tent nihilism . 
  are you a revolutionary leftist who 's tired of being pushed around by capitalist monoliths ? 
  good news , russia is steadfastly outspoken against the evils of ( other people 's ) imperialism , maintains friendly ties to all your favorite kleptocratic leftist dictatorships , and memorializes lenin 's sacred legacy by putting his grotequesly preserved corpse on public display weekdays from 8-5 in red square !, 
  so come on down , and join the rest of the proletariat in our crusade against the reactionary menace !, 
  or are you a right-winger fed up with the judeo-marxist-homosexual conspiracy to subvert the values of traditional western society , possibly by co-opting hordes of bloodthirsty muslim savages to invade your lands , rape your daughters , and force your male heirs into a life of indentured gender-fluid sexual degeneracy ? 
  welcome to team russia , we 're deeply orthodox christians when it 's convenient , have a history of opposition to the global order , a time honored tradition of rabid anti-semitism , a recent track record of direct involvement in a number of ethnic conflicts in which arbitrary slaughter of muslims was so brutally commonplace that one has to question if it was actually a matter of policy ; and , oh yes , a penchant for that ol' timey homophobia you know and love !, 
  so come on down , and join the fight to put western society back on the path of righteousness before the globalist menace calls in the u.n. to confiscate your guns !, 
  i 'm not sure exactly what the russian long-game objective is here , but i do know that cold hard realists like vladimir putin do n't purposely invoke short-term pain unless doing so serves as a means to a greater end . 
  which is the most frightening aspect of the situation to me ; if their objective was to simply reassert themselves as a player on the global stage , as some have speculated , they accomplished that years ago . 
  clearly their immediate objective is to destabilize nato , but destabilization is a means , not an end unto itself . 
  so now , given that rapprochment would result in the relief of pain , and escalation on their part will inevitably be met with a corresponding escalation in the punitive measures being imposed on them , what unknown variable in this equation justifies their continual , even accelerated , pursuit of the latter course ? 
  that uncertainty , coupled with their recent flirtations with expansionism , and the increase in both their capacity and willingness to aggressively engage in political warfare , is what leads me to believe that there is something brewing here that goes far beyond business as usual . 
  `` sword and shield '' is based off of the mitrokhin archives , right ? 
  i 've never read it , obviously . 
  but if it 's the one i 'm thinking of , i 've heard good things . 
  never heard of `` the world was going our way '' , but i 'll check it out . 
  as a technical note , the cia can assist the fbi in overseas investigations , and in some instances when domestic counter-intelligence investigations involve international components , but they have absolutely zero legal authority to enforce the law themselves . 
  you may have already know that , but a lot of people seem to have misconceptions about what the cia actually does , and what they ca n't do . 
  your revolution is doomed to fail until the majority of the body politic believes that the electoral process is irreparably illegitimate , and the consequences of that illegitimacy are materially worse than abandoning everything they know in order to fight back against it . 
  which is why revolution rarely takes hold in places with reasonable standard of living , even under exceptionally corrupt governments . 
  you do n't have to take my word for it though , che guevara will tell you the same thing in his writings - and if ever there were an authority on revolutions failing at launch , it was him . 
  of course , that 's one of about 957,000 reasons why a violent revolution would fail miserably in today 's america , but i figured we might as well start at the beginning . 
  cia has absolutely no legal authority to enforce the law anywhere in the world . 
  eventually , an indictment gets put on jeff session 's desk , and he gets to decide whether or not he wants to sign it . 
  and even if he does , the whole thing ends with a presidential pardon . 
  he 's employing the madman theory of international diplomacy . 
  pioneered by richard nixon , with the minor exception that he was only pretending to be an irrational , petulant , twat . 
  hyperbole aside , i think it 's becoming exceedingly clear that this is an example of a man who genuinely lacks the intellectual capacity to preform the duties required of his position . 
  he just ca n't handle it , and what 's more , he does n't have the emotional intelligence or character to control the frustration it 's causing him . 
  he 's starting fires because he feels like he has to do * something * , and his closest advisers are enabling him because it perpetuates their `` fuck it , let 's burn this bitch down and see what happens '' approach to national policy making . 
  there 's no greater strategic aim being pursued here , it 's just shitty governance and post hoc justifications thereof , by pretending as if every blunder fits neatly into some phantom grand scheme . 
  for one , even if we accept the reasonable enough premise that iranian aggression in the middle east needs to be checked , what good does it do to start saber rattling when everybody in the world knows the administration has n't had time to put together any real plan of action to achieve those means ? 
  if i 'm the iranian leadership , i 'm going to take this as an invitation to provoke the united states into a situation that requires a reaction , then watch as the trump administration further degrades regional confidence in it with whatever panicked response it manages to haphazardly cobble together last minute . 
  these are the sorts of things that require a specific manner of strategic thinking that is clearly absent in the foreign policy novices currently calling the shots . 
  they 're still thinking of the adversary as a static target , but the iranians have absolutely no incentive to stand pat and wait until the united states gets its shit together . 
  shocking , i say !, 
  i simply can not believe that this has happened !, 
  if only there 'd been some sign that the guy who constantly spews white nationalist nonsense was , indeed , a white nationalist all along . 
  looks like it would have the added benefit of getting rid of el paso too . 
  which really should 've been done a long time ago , if we 're being honest . 
  he had me at rock , flag , and eagle . 
  enough said . 
  the iran thing is especially stupid given that there 's no way his administration has had time to put together practical options and contingency plans for exactly how they plan to serve this `` notice '' . 
  if iran calls their bluff somehow , he 's going to be caught with his dick in hand . 
  in fairness , i think he meant they 're being held in detention for getting caught trying to illegally enter australia . 
  i do n't know if i buy that his asinine behavior somehow fits into a secret grand strategy . 
  i think he says a lot of stupid shit , does a lot of stupid shit , and often times those two things just happen to overlap . 
  nixon was a mostly normal person , deliberately fostering an image of emotional instability in order to disrupt the strategic calculus of his enemies . 
  donald trump fosters an image of instability because it 's his natural persona , and he lacks the emotional intelligence to be anything else . 
  he was trying to make a joke . 
  but he 's henry kissinger , so everything he says sounds like it 's coming from a bond villain . 
  he 's said numerous times since that he regrets not making that clear at the time . 
  `` madman theory '' , feel free to look it up . 
  no , for two reasons :, 
  1 ) the u.s. military outclasses iran by such an astronomically wide margin that even a strategic blunder would end up looking like a relative success from the outside . 
  the american public does n't like subjective conclusions , they want to be fed a binary vision of world affairs - so `` we won , but we paid a much steeper price than we needed '' wields infinitely less political power than `` we won '' . 
  2 ) as long as they can be portrayed as successful , war galvanizes the gop 's base . 
  it galvanizes the left in opposition too , but the american left is far too splintered and eclectic to form a comparatively significant voting bloc . 
  that being said , i doubt very seriously that either party is in a hurry to directly confront one another . 
  if iran wants to call trump 's bluff , they 'll probably just make a show of antagonizing some naval vessel in the gulf . 
  just enough for trump to have to eat crow over his empty threat , but not so provacative as to risk a crisis they ca n't fully control . 
  could fracture the right though . 
  it might take away the all-encompassing monolith of `` christian family values '' by allowing individual denominations to actively pursue their own specific design for that platform . 
  i 'll be slightly amused if i get to see the pentecostal candidate debate the lutheran challenger someday .
