which we will continue resolutely not caring about in any way . 
  honestly , i could n't have even picked this guy out of a lineup until today . 
  canada 's pm is about as globally relevant as a governor from a mid-sized us state - he could be a hardcore neo-nazi , it really would n't have a single iota of impact anywhere else in the world . 
  western leftists love to romanticize other people 's `` revolutions '' , and dictatorships they 'll never have to live under . 
  scotland is a decent enough place overall , but the snp kinda has that silly , corbyn-esque , `` cult of the self-hating left '' vibe going on , which can be irritating at times . 
   only when the last dollar has been squeezed from the pockets of legitimate business will we realize we should 've hopped on this ` manufactured controversy ' gravy train a lot sooner . 
  fixed in order to account for reality . 
  what happened is precisely what they wanted to happen . 
  it 's leftist ` revolutionary ' tactics 101 : intentionally provoke a response , exaggerate the experience , then garner sympathy by playing the innocent victim . 
  rinse and repeat . 
  lol . 
  nowhere in the constitution does it guarantee you the right to act like a twat without being treated like a twat . 
  oh well , it 's not like the world is any worse off with one less russian in the mix . 
  terrorist cocksucker . 
  hope there 's a hell , just so people like him can burn in it . 
  hooray for socialism . 
  honestly though , why even pretend to care ? 
  not one person here genuinely gives a shit , you 're all just virtue signaling to a bunch of strangers . 
  the only book i 've read more than once . 
  my theory is that he 's mars , the god of war . 
  or some similar deity . 
  ah yes , the `` no true socialism '' argument . 
  very original , i 'll give you that . 
  it 's not often that a picture literally puts a smile on my face . 
  here 's to hoping they had the decency to not make it quick and painless . 
  right , right . 
  they 're only socialists in the beginning , when leftist scum still hold on to the delusional belief that there 's a chance they might succeed . 
  when they fail miserably - as they quite literally always do - the pathetic revisionists scurry out of their holes in droves to blabber on with their same tired , vapid , shtick towards anyone who dares to try to reconcile their fantasy world with reality . 
  just save it , we 've all heard it before . 
  it always gives me a chuckle when i see someone calling people `` reactionaries '' online . 
  you have capitalism to thank for virtually every component that goes into us being able to communicate here . 
   according to lenin ... 
  according to actual human history , vi lenin was an idiot . 
  it 's really pretty simple though : female leads very rarely carry successful films . 
   possibly the greatest revolutionary thinker of all time, 
  wew lad , that one made me literally laugh out loud . 
  so beautifully delusional . 
  your sister is pretty hot . 
  lol , got ta love that good ol' fashioned pipe-dream populism . 
  not too ugly . 
  eventually the low-value classes will stop reproducing at their current rate , and things will even out . 
  sounds like a bunch of liberal faggots sitting in a room , whining about `` the oppression of native peoples '' or some such similar nonsense . 
  brazil really ought to adopt the saddam approach , and just go ahead and gas the fuck out of their slums . 
  there 's no fixing them at this point , might as well start with a clean slate . 
  halfway there , keep up the good work !, 
  because for a lot of people , this is the most important thing in their sad little lives . 
  you 're right . 
  we should just execute them , and be done with it . 
  both lack honor , for one . 
   posting in / r/mylittlepony, 
  you deserve to be shot though , so consider yourself lucky . 
  lol , i wonder whose strategic interests are being served here . 
  world 's greatest mystery , i 'd wager . 
  no , just the males . 
  it 's completely different . 
  men ca n't be raped , stupid . 
  lol , what ? 
  it 's a fact . 
  looks like a cheap whore . 
  bet she grew up in a trailer . 
  too bad that show is gon na be cancelled by this time next year . 
  ca n't put a black in a `` smart comedy '' role , especially one who 's neither smart nor funny . 
  i 've never said anything `` racist '' in my life . 
  i 'm a race realist , i just call it how i see it . 
  liberals are self-hating , i also hate liberals . 
  except for the hitler stache , i 'm pretty sure we can count that one soundly retired . 
   afab nb, 
  somebody needs to sticky post a glossary of acronyms , i ca n't fucking keep up with this shit . 
  but i thought the lefties said iran is a beautiful , progressive , society that the big mean conservatives unfairly vilify . 
  if someone gets to the point where others have to disguise doors to stop that person from hurting themselves , they really ought to just be euthanized . 
  it 's best for everyone . 
  fuck off back to tumblr , cunt . 
  i do n't know about that , but he 's certainly not funny enough to have his own tv show . 
  trying to make a muslim savage relevant in american politics , are we ? 
  thank god you traitorous sjws are irrelevant , that 's all i have to say . 
  noam chomsky is a traitorous piece of shit who should 've been put to the firing squad half a century ago . 
  stupid nog is gon na be flat broke in less than 5 years , i guarantee it . 
  `` victims '', 
  if dinosaurs had actually existed , i 'm sure we would 've already . 
  meh , worse shit happens in africa everyday . 
  at least this time there was a noble enough purpose behind it . 
  classic liberal ` tolerance ' : `` free speech for everyone , unless i disagree with what they 're saying , or it hurts my fragile feelings . '', 
  faggotsville , usa . 
  [ planet of the apes : the battle of gibsmedat ] ( https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=rwjm2wzb1ew ) . 
  thank god for affirmative action , that shit could 've gotten real awkward . 
  lol , maybe it 's because your most prestigious university is on par with an average community college in the states . 
  when it comes to post-secondary education , nobody even holds a candle to the quality and quantity available in the united states . 
  seriously , it 's not even remotely close . 
  word . 
  you exist off the bread crumbs from america 's table , you have absolutely no just cause for arrogance . 
  literally every facet of your existence as a sovereign nation is inextricably tied to the united states in some way . 
  you may despise this fact , but it remains a fact nonetheless . 
  glenn greenwald is a worthless , anti-american , stooge , so i 'm not sure why anyone would invest a single iota of concern in anything he has to say . 
  compile a massive dossier of retaliatory leaks that would embarrass the putin regime , then prove that it is n't an idle threat . 
  there 's always going to be a hole in any static cyber * defense * strategy , so the best way to approach the problem is to dissuade the adversary from launching an attack to begin with through aggressive offense . 
  should n't be too hard to find some juicy dirt , russia is one of the most corrupt countries , ruled by one of the most corrupt regimes in the world . 
  ca n't be about syria or ukraine either , got ta hit them at home with something the average russian will give a shit about - preferably something concerning gasprom or rosneft , since they form the very foundation of putin 's autocratic stranglehold . 
  he 'd shit his pants at the thought of either being targeted by a concerted transparency effort . 
  call it `` mutually assured inconvenience '' . 
  what the gop has been doing for decades now : identify the opposition 's heir apparents and golden children , then smear them mercilessly at every available opportunity .
