  i like to think if jesus were alive today he 'd be a white cbp agent , catching the beleaguered masses at the border and telling them to fuck off back to the dad-forsaken shitholes from whence they came . 
  you know for somebody who was supposedly planning to be so tough on china , he 's sure thrown a lot of freebies their way :, 
  - made washington reaffirm it 's lack of recognition for taiwan . 
  - dismantled the ttp, 
  - needlessly pushed one our strongest allies closer to their sphere of influence . 
  and it 's has n't even been a full 3 weeks yet , at this pace we 'll fill in the gaps on that pesky 9-dash line in no time !, 
  at this point , it 'd be an exercise in futility . 
  i 'm not sure if there 's a underground gop insurgency in the works , but if there * is * , they are n't going to blow all their political capital until it has a reasonable shot at success . 
  because they 'll need broad support , and the gop rank-and-file wo n't even consider mutiny until :, 
  a ) they 've fully consolidated their gains on the hill by resolving the marquee legislative issues they 're going to campaign on in 2018 . 
  b ) in a similar vein , popular discontent in the projected battleground districts quantifiably rises enough to create the impetus for action . 
  otherwise it 's a helluva risky gamble , that may not even carry the possibility of reward . 
  clearly , not a smart bet for the party who just dominated the opposition by running on the new status quo . 
  from the outside looking in , it 's easy to see that the gop is almost certainly acting against their own long-term interests by lending tacit support to the clown show currently being performed in the oval office . 
  but from their perspective , what good is focusing on 2020 if their constituents kick them to the curb in 2018 ? 
  they 're not all like that . 
  my parents go to a mega-church that runs a handful of homeless shelters , and just spent $ 30 million building water wells in rural india & africa . 
  it would n't be so depressing if you guys threw another color in the mix every now and then . 
  brown buildings , brown landscape , brown people . 
  it 's just too much god damn brown . 
  which will accomplish precisely nothing , since most trump supporters have already been convinced that universities are a leftist plot to expose them to opinions not espoused by rush limbaugh & company . 
  georgetown , johns hopkins , tufts , and harvard are fairly significant , considering you ca n't throw a rock anywhere inside the beltway without hitting at least 10 of their alumni . 
  globalist conspiracy , clearly . 
  he has the distinct appearance of a man trying to hide his fatness under poorly fitted clothing . 
  i was 100 % joking . 
  you forgot `` conqueror of the british empire in africa in general , and uganda in particular '' . 
  we are all bowling balls on this solemn day . 
  because the kremlin wants to show kiev concrete proof that they 're on their own now , and it provides the bannon administration the opportunity to make an empty condemnation at the u.n. so they can say `` look , we 're super tough on russia , no need to further investigate the information in that dossier that we 're totally not even thinking about anymore '' . 
  one small difference being that the mi5 never got to take over the entire uk public sphere at its lowest point , and rebuild it in their image without the slightest hint of an opposing force to stop them . 
  the chekists own every aspect of russia - legislature , foreign policy , security , criminal `` justice '' , industry , media , education , there 's not one god damned thing that happens in russia without their consent . 
  that would be outside cia jurisdiction , unless they 're able to listen by exploiting something on the russian side of the conversation . 
  if congress found out the cia was spying on the executive branch from d.c. , florence , colorado might as well rename itself `` west langley '' . 
  as if being a fat fuck was n't irritating enough for the person who had to sit next to him . 
  true , he did win the alternative popular vote by roughly 319,000,000 . 
  i figured he was going to be butthurt about losing new york , makes more sense now . 
  he heard it from the best people though , so let 's not rule it out . 
  he heard it from the best people though , so let 's not rule it out . 
  populism 101 : blame everything on your predecessor , then find another dead horse when there 's nothing left of that one . 
  ad infinitum , until the people turn against you . 
  mccain has been on the cusp of taking a principled stance against the party-line since 1983 , i 'll believe it when i see it . 
  [ healthiest president ever elected ] ( http://imgur.com/2um4c7j ) , no doubt about it . 
  ( also the single oldest , and second fattest . 
  but who 's keeping track ? ), 
  not quite fat enough though . 
  we 're on a donward spiral . 
  this election the conservative en vogue term was `` radical islamic terrorists '' , next it 'll be `` radical islamic muslims '' , then by about 2024 or so , they 'll drop all pretenses and start indignantly railing about the dangers of `` muslim islamic muslims '' . 
   literally no other reason for anybody to vote for trump . 
  that 's not true , some folks are just really committed to their evangelical convictions . 
  whales are kinda pointless . 
  if you think about it , basically all they do is just swim around and exist . 
  yeah , but most flyover peasants are n't smart enough to be productive in highly technical environments , so i 'm not sure the former offsets the latter . 
  any halfwit can go down in a hole and dig around for minerals , or whatever the fuck . 
  nothing about that experience is going to suddenly endow a bunch of useless , uneducated , rubes with the ability to do jobs that require multiple functioning brain cells . 
  30 years from now , these people are still going to be crying about how the `` librul elites '' pushed them off the gravy train , because they ca n't make a steady $ 70k/year with a ged . 
  jesus christ , not this creepy , over the top , bernie shit again . 
  it 's entirely possible to support a politician without deifying them , just so you guys know . 
  i 'd be surprised if he bows out mid-term , but i could totally see him declaring victory as a means to weasel out of running for re-election . 
  `` we made america tremendously great again , our work is done etc. '', 
  hell , the gop might force his hand regardless of what he wants . 
  born on 3rd base , thinks he hit a triple . 
  eat less , move more . 
  it truly is that simple . 
  not a trump supporter , far from it actually . 
  i just find overly-flowery bullshit annoying . 
  i find that cats are much more receptive to physical discipline than dogs . 
  if you beat the tar out of a cat a few times after it acts out , it 'll usually get the message and adjust its behavior accordingly . 
  lol , he 's got no power over nordstrom 's - his flyover peasant supporters ca n't afford to shop there . 
  if it were walmart or something , that 'd be a different story . 
  oh , they 'd be fucking donezo . 
  reminds me of [ this ] ( https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=p-ngexl-ppa ), 
  that 's been mccain 's mo since he got to the hill in ' 83 . 
  even with the torture controversy , he did n't really become outspoken about it until it was pretty clear to almost everyone that the tide had turned in that direction anyways . 
  part of that is because the arizona strain of the gop was absolutely fucking insane up until the last few years or so , but even in the post-arpaio era , he 's dutifully straddled the party line on every issue i can think of . 
  b. . . b. . . but muh anti-americanism . 
  muh victimhood fetish . 
  dude , that was so clever . 
  you 're like the cleverest , bro . 
  everybody knows it . 
  he was a prepubescent jewish nazi . 
  it makes total sense , trust me . 
  just roll with it . 
  but which `` start '' ? 
  - `` start 1 '', 
  - `` start 2 '', 
  - `` start 3 '', 
  - or , `` this is ridiculous , we 're not doing another god damned number . 
  just call it ` new start ' '' . 
   see you in court, 
  what a petulant little man . 
  he could afford to skip a couple . 
  what with being the 2nd fattest president in us history and all . 
  this is a long-play for the dems , more than anything . 
  they know the gop is going to shoot them down , they 're just stocking up on ammo in case some undeniably damning evidence emerges in the future . 
  kind of redundant , is n't it ? 
  you 're right , no point really . 
  dude roasts himself on a daily basis . 
  how does that feel for you , just out of curiosity ? 
  obediently worshipping a `` man '' with the emotional maturity of a petulant toddler , i mean . 
  is it just too late to turn back , or are you really so dumb that you genuinely believe he 's qualified to do the job ? 
  everybody know that if jesus christ was alive today , he 'd be a white cbp agent .
