  2/10 , major let down . 
  lol , i remember this . 
  a lot of beans in utah tried to make it into a racial controversy . 
  it 's just a fucking doll , get a grip . 
  there 's literally nothing even the slightest bit `` creepy '' about this shitpost . 
  it 's not * that * racist , do n't be so sensitive . 
  it still baffles me every time i 'm reminded that millennials in the uk actually consider jeremy corbyn a serious human being . 
  the man is a walking , talking , caricature of everything that 's wrong with left-wing politics in the western hemisphere . 
   oye look at me , i 'm the special boy , i call soccer `` football '' . 
   why the fuck does this have to be our reality ? 
  flyover peasants are self-conscious about , and frightened by , their growing uselessness to society . 
  so they take it out on their betters by voting for a living meme - ya know , really stick it to those `` librul elites '' by continually fucking themselves over at every available juncture . 
  if there 's one silver lining to this `` presidential '' administration , it 's that the policies it puts forth might end up having a delousing effect on middle america . 
  gay . 
  yeah , but he has 10 computers , so it 's 10x the bullying . 
  because flyover peasants are stupid . 
  it 's * that * simple , and everybody knows it . 
  we can all go round-and-round until we 're blue in the face , trying to find some hidden , alternative , more politically sensitive , explanation - but it all boils down to the simple fact that there is a substantial population of militantly stupid people occupying this country 's interior . 
  seriously , leave the coast the way it is . 
  we do n't need gigantic , marginally useful , eyesores everywhere , just so leftists can get a `` muh environment '' hard on . 
  lol . 
  i saw that douche open up for aerosmith about ten years back , and some fag in the front row was balling uncontrollably because he was so moved by the sight of lenny fucking kravitz . 
  said fag was like a 40-50 year old man , i 'll never forget that shit . 
  lol , no . 
  i was in a box , i do n't do the whole `` peasant experience '' at concerts . 
  fuck you , there 's no such thing as `` avocado hummus '' . 
  i do n't know what the fuck that is , but it sure as shit is n't hummus . 
  cozy place to get you head lopped off by blood-thirsty jihadists . 
  assuming `` here '' is a stable , western country , then you 're an idiot . 
  not only did that dumb bitch get knocked up twice out of wedlock , she also had ( and continues to have ) the gall to actively champion abstinence-only sex education programs throughout both pregnancies . 
  eat a dick , snowflake . 
  it 's not really * that * much money . 
  according to their 2016 10-k they 're pulling about $ 6.8 bn in annual revenue , and only spending $ 1.8 bn on content . 
  which is pretty standard when you consider that content is their sole product . 
  all in , they 're still bringing in  $ 120m in net income , which is n't bad for a company in their segment . 
  heard that dude 's a total faggot in real life . 
  she 's there as a tactical choice . 
  with her taking such an active , and visible , role in this administrations , the gop is almost sure to capture the wildebeest vote next year . 
  friendly reminder that less than 10 years ago , the preeminent german left-wing party organized a walkout in protest when the bundestag tried to pass a ceremonial bill to commemorate stasi victims during the cold war . 
  i know that flyover peasants are hideous creatures by nature , but dear god , every time i see one of them i 'm shocked all the same by how utterly disgusting they truly are . 
  if you think i 'm being an asshole , just watch the video from the link , then tell me i 'm wrong . 
  poor guy probably has n't seen his own dick since the carter administration . 
  i 've always felt that dutch sounds a lot like a mongoloid german trying to speak english phonetically . 
  all that time it must 've taken to write , record , and produce . 
  yet not once did someone stop and say `` wait a minute , guys , this really blows '' . 
  it 's remarkable , if you think about it . 
  are they still going to be volvo 's ? 
  because if so , who gives a shit ? 
  plenty of shitty hybrid/electric cars to choose from already . 
  oh , to be young , dumb , and enrolled in one 's first polisci course ... 
  i remember those days , enjoy them while you can . 
  surprised that the pc-police have n't ruined this yet , seems like the sort of thing that would rustle their jimmies . 
  it 's a damn shame too . 
  i 'd live in scotland in a minute if it were n't for the general retardation of the scottish political scene . 
  edinburgh is my favorite city in the world , and i 've seen a fair few of them in my time . 
  it 's strange too , because the overwhelming majority of scottish people are cool as fuck in virtually every other regard . 
  i ca n't pinpoint precisely what it is about him , but he definitely looks like someone who would die in an atv accident . 
  also , is nobody going to acknowledge the fact that it 's weird as fuck for a 35 year old man to be `` close friends '' with a 15 year old child ? 
  or that he 's buying dirt bikes for people just to get them to hang out with him ? 
  i 'm not saying he 's a child diddler , but if it walks like a duck ... 
  most of them are politically faggotous . 
  poor . 
  black . 
  i do n't get the infatuation with her , she 's got a weirdly shaped head . 
  it bothers me . 
  i just tell it like it is . 
  believe it or not , there 's actually a province in the dprk called `` texas '' ( \ud14d\uc0ac\uc2a4 ) , or at least it 's pronounced that way . 
  totally different etymological origins , mind you , but same pronunciations nonetheless . 
  i do n't think about them at all . 
  the fact that you do suggests you 're at least as pathetic as they are . 
   you 're exposing yourself , making yourself vulnerable , and telling them your gender status when it 's such an awkward conversation to have . 
  although , i would imagine it 's probably a touch less awkward than getting the dog shit beaten out of you in public when the person you 're meeting for a date realizes he 's been catfished by a mentally ill dude in a wig . 
  `` her '', 
  what would happen if there was a national scandal involving actual gates , or robert gates . 
  would it be `` gate/gates-gate '' or just `` gate '' , i dunno , it 'd be a problem though . 
  a significant , prolonged , disruption within the national power grid is one of the only reasonably possible events that could lead to the sort of full-on societal collapse that conspiracy morons beat off to . 
  in 2008 congress created the [ commission to assess the threat to the united states of electromagnetic pulse attack ] ( http://www.empcommission.org/docs/a2473-emp_commission-7mb.pdf ) , which concluded that in the event of an indefinite nationwide blackout , 90 % of the u.s. population would n't survive the first year . 
  granted , an asymmetrical infrastructure attack is unlikely to be quite as devastating , or difficult to reverse , as an emp attack - but those casualty estimates ought to grab more attention than they do . 
  unfortunately , infrastructure security is n't nearly as sexy of an investment to lawmakers as kinds of projects , so it 'll probably take some sort of catastrophic event before we decide to allocate significant resources towards it . 
  in all fairness , there 's probably tens of thousands of families who all voted for donald trump . 
  got ta figure the trump family at least ranks higher on the intelligence scale than the idiot flyover peasants who voted for their patriarch . 
  they 've started teasing the `` collusion is n't illegal '' defense too . 
  except they 're referencing `` collusion '' as it 's legally defined in the context of commercial anti-trust statutes , and hoping their base is just too stupid to realize no one is accusing trump and putin of price-fixing . 
  sadly , it 'll probably work . 
  if we 've learned anything this year , it 's to never , ever underestimate the stupidity , and general gullibility , of flyover peasants . 
  [ relevant ] ( https://youtu.be/pbdgorcueg8 ), 
  to be fair , it 's undeniably true that most flyover peasants have absolutely no business pursuing post-secondary education . 
  if the smart people in this country had n't filled the middle-american commoner 's head with delusions of grandeur , we would n't be in this predicament we are now . 
  sucks to suck . 
  lpt : how to ensure you keep making $ 5/hr . 
  1 ) be a smug , unhelpful , little bitch . 
  `` white male '' in the police report , i guarantee it . 
  fuck off , nobody cares . 
  i 'm thinking of a word that starts with the letter `` n '' , ends with `` er '' , and does n't rhyme with `` slave labor '' . 
  ! one ! 1 !, 
  omg dae literally black mirror ?!?!?!? 
  lol , i guarantee you none of those mexicans knew how to swim either . 
  my favorite part is him trying incorporate '' #bigleague '' to make it look like a deliberate campaign buzzword to cover for the fact that he clearly said `` bigly '' on national television . 
  lpt : never , ever , ever underestimate the stupidity of flyover peasants . 
  democrats need to wise up , and stop trying to present intellectual , policy-centric , platforms to people who , truthfully , probably should n't ' have been allowed to leave the 4th grade .
