  elon musk is an african con artist . 
  this is simply another ploy to secure a handout from the government , nothing more . 
  lol , fucking dots and their god damned cows . 
  that 's not a golden retriever , you piece of shit . 
  i subscribe to this subreddit because it 's / r/goldenretrievers , and i like purebred golden retrievers . 
  if you want to post half-breeds , find a subreddit for people who like mutts . 
  i do n't buy a dot showing empathy for another human being , what 's his angle here ? 
  she 's alright , but she could definitely stand to lose a few . 
  here 's to hoping someone puts a bullet in the cocksucker before too long . 
  all the people who say the pups will only bond with each other are full of shit . 
  i have two 7 month old pups from the same litter right now , and it makes the puppy phase 100x easier . 
  they keep each other company while i 'm at work , so there 's no destructive separation anxiety - plus , by the time i get home they 've already worn themselves out , so they 're nice and calm . 
  really not much extra work having two either , they do n't require much individual care . 
  which is really only like the 6th or 7th best reason to never attend an ariana grande concert . 
  oh , do n't be such a negative nancy . 
  the fact that you 're militantly retarded does n't help much either . 
  who knows though , maybe the clownman 's policies will be so disastrous that the interior of this country will finally receive the thorough delousing it so desperately needs . 
  nice to see shamu found a new gig . 
  found the nog . 
  why has everything you 've ever made besides veckatimest sucked the dick of a middle-aged jewish woman ? 
  i just do n't understand how * it * can be so good , but everything else can be so god damned bad . 
  because the ever-so-peaceful iranians that leftists ca n't help beating off to at every available juncture , are trying to plunge the entire region into sectarian conflict by * actually * actively sponsoring terrorism , and arming the sunni regional powers is the only way to check their wanton aggression . 
  is it in baghdad , beruit , damasucus , gaza , yemen , bahrain , lower juba , or khartoum ? 
  because if so , you 'll probably have to get approval from the revolutionary guard first . 
  please , do explain how i 'm wrong . 
  i 'll be waiting with bated breath , so hurry every chance you get , sport . 
  lol , what a silly little world you live in . 
  such a well-founded , and nuanced , position . 
  you 're truly an intellectual goliath without equal . 
  you should n't let retards pester your dog . 
  just because he 's a patient animal , does n't mean you should abuse that kindheartedness . 
  you look like someone who sells serbian women to sheiks and oligarchs . 
  if she did it well , maybe - but this was too amateurish , and clumsy . 
  really seems more like a profoundly stupid person trying to follow advice that someone smart on her staff gave her . 
  if i were a betting man , i 'd wager that donald trump is actually telling what * he thinks * is the truth when he denies collusion with russia . 
  instead , i see it as infinitely more likely that some of his closest advisers were actually the agents of influence , and trump just was n't smart enough to recognize he was being fed bullshit from a compromised inner-circle . 
  donald trump is an impulsive man-child with a penchant for wanton , self-sabotaging , stupidity . 
  perhaps more importantly , however , is the fact that he simply lacks the intellect , experience , or attention span necessary to craft anything even vaguely reminiscent of a coherent platform without delegating authority to a far broader array of staffers than one would ever find with a qualified candidate . 
  meaning , the russians would 've had a plethora of more competent , less risky , potential agents who were likely already wielding more influence over the crafting of core campaign policy than donald trump himself . 
  maybe i 'm wrong , but incurring the risk of involving the dipshit-in-chief directly just does n't make any sense to me in that situation . 
  it 's too reckless for the russians . 
  there 's a subtle , but significant , difference between `` camping '' and `` being a full-time , forest dwelling , homeless person '' . 
  looks like the high school i went to . 
  what you do n't know , is that the people in the background are actually cheering for the 2-3 fist fights taking place in the bleachers off-camera . 
  as is tradition anytime a significant portion of the student body is placed in close proximity to one another . 
  yeah , having been 1 of like 5 white people at an all black hs , i can assure you that , on balance , you definitely got shafted there . 
  absolutely no doubt about it . 
  lol , how could that be surprising to a professional journalist ? 
  give credit where credit is due , the guy * has * accurately predicted 2,500 of the last two recessions . 
  eat shit , flyover peasants . 
  you made this bed . 
  not going to feel a shred of sympathy for the half-contrite trump voters , the man is precisely what everyone knew he was going to be . 
  lol , if you think bernie sanders is a viable candidate for a national general election you 're going to have a bad time . 
  browns gon na brown . 
  not much you can do about it , they 've been at the same grift for thousands of years now . 
  or about it , to be honest . 
  i ca n't stand the court-jester-in-chief any more than the next guy , but the hypocrisy of the british accusing other people of acting like obnoxious tourists is awfully rich . 
  if you 're reading this , i could n't give any less of a shit about how your day is going . 
  frankly , i do n't even really care whether you live through it , or not . 
  he should avoid profile shots at all cost . 
  i almost forget what a sloppy , fat , fuck he is until somebody captures him from a side angle . 
  my dike aunt is both . 
  unfortunately , much of europe has bought into the soviet-leftist propaganda that they are solely responsible for winning the 2nd world war ( i.e. 
  the u.s. only fought old men and children etc. ) . 
  this myth ( see : lie ) is perpetuated to this very day by the likes of jeremy corbyn , noam chomsky , and numerous other leftists who are still very bitter about losing the cold war in such a unequivocal and humiliating fashion . 
  fat claire underwood . 
  i used to feed chicken to my neighbors chickens . 
  adults should n't fucking `` cosplay '' at all , land whale or otherwise . 
  lol , when is that useless fuck going to croak already ? 
  challenge : name one important thing ronald mcponald ever accomplished . 
   one * important * thing, 
  i feel like i was pretty clear in my original comment . 
  meh , bit too ethnic for my tastes . 
  i 'll take a good brisket any day of the week . 
  not a communist , necessarily . 
  if i had to put a label on my beliefs , `` libertarian collectivist '' is probably the closest fit . 
  i mean , ayn rand is great an all , but you ca n't deny mao zedong made some great points too . 
  was ayn rand a communist , as a jewish friend of mine suspects ? 
  what a silly , skewed , response . 
  just because the president is an idiot , does n't mean that we need to follow suit . 
  sadiq khan , and the rest of the labour party , * do * deserve to be mocked for their terrorist apologia though . 
  every time something of this nature occurs , corbyn & co. star falling over themselves to see who can put on the most ornate display of victim-blaming , and general self-loathing . 
  he 's just trying to steer the headlines away from the comey testimony , pay no attention to the idiot 's deranged rambling . 
  gay . 
  $ 100 on first words leaving a gop committee member 's mouth being :, 
  `` you mentioned the leaks ... '' or `` on the subject of leaks ... '' . 
  it 's not that * they * lack common sense , it 's that their intended audience does . 
  virtually all of the people they care about will be absolutely pleased with that line of questioning , or really any line of questioning , provided that it 's suitably hostile . 
  because the gop 's flyover peasant base just want to see their representatives stick it to tha libruls , whether that end is accomplished in a sensible , or coherent , fashion is irrelevant to them . 
  these are not well-informed , sophisticated folk we 're talking about here - they 're minimally educated indigents , whose entire usefulness to society could 've been rendered null by robots a decade ago . 
  i do n't understand the controversy in attaching that label to corbyn though . 
  objectively speaking , he 's certainly , and unequivocally , an anti-western terrorist apologist . 
  honestly , given the wealth of public statements he 's made which clearly affirm that fact , i 'm not sure why anyone would even bother arguing to the contrary . 
  he called osama bin laden 's death , and i quote , `` a tragedy '' ; referred to hamas and hezbollah as his `` friends '' ; petitioned to remove hamas from the list of designated terrorist organizations ; once invited a convicted ira bomb maker to the house of commons ; and openly advocated `` political compromise '' with isis at the height of their so-called `` caliphate '' . 
  please , do explain how the record i 've detailed above * does n't * warrant the designation of `` terrorist sympathizer '' for the one responsible for it . 
  hurry every chance you get , i 'll be waiting with bated breath for a well-reasoned response . 
  gay . 
  next . 
  that brisket looks absolutely fucking horrible , no wonder they tried to hide it under a glorified hashbrown . 
   international law,
