  republicans already figured it out about 3 decades ago , which is what 's allowed them to capture an almost religious devotion from our country 's fetid interior . 
  [ tfw you 're too fucking fat to swing a golf club . 
  he looks like he ate ben hogan . 
  in a fat suit , stuffed inside another , even bigger , fat suit . 
  lol , what are those nogs so butthurt about ? 
  lighten up , for christ sake . 
  oh well , i do n't think the world will be suffering for a shortage of chinamen anytime soon . 
  is it not an apt description ? 
  is he not a man from china ? 
  well , i 'm not american . 
  so , no , i do n't . 
  `` one minute it 's raining , and the next minute it is n't '', 
  stayed in one of those in colorado once , and it sucked all kinds of dick . 
  bugs everywhere ; smelled like shit ; humidity out the ass ; looks stupid as fuck . 
  really zero redeeming qualities now that i think about it - honestly , if i had to do it over again , i would 've just gotten a nice tent instead . 
   i helped build one of these in colorado . 
  if it was in ridgway , fuck you . 
  i got conned into renting that shit on airbnb , and everything about it sucked . 
  there 's no quicker way for people to think that you 're diddling kids than by writing a song about it . 
  that 's kind of the point of `` stuntmen '' though , is n't it ? 
  he signed up to do a dangerous job so that more important people would n't have to . 
  as far as i 'm concerned , he accepted accidental death as an ordinary occupational hazard when he chose his career . 
  expendable resource spent . 
  what do you want to know ? 
  lol , cubicle peasants . 
  reminds me of the time i went and saw ou play oklahoma state in norman . 
  pre-game , the osu kicker was warming up but they had n't raised the endzone net yet - so every ball he kicked into the stands got passed up through the rows until somebody at the top threw it out of the stadium . 
  he must 've lost at least 5 balls before they finally put the net up . 
  bugs everywhere ; smelled like 20 different kinds of gay ass plants , because there are 20 different types of gay ass plants growing inside ; humidity out the ass ; hotter than satan 's dick and balls during the day , too cold at night ; looks stupid as fuck ; runs on some kind of shitty solar-charged battery that runs out of juice if you keep a god damned tv on for more than an hour ; sewage system could n't handle toilet paper , so you had to throw shit covered tissue into a trashcan next to the toilet ; `` hot '' water heater held about .01 gallons of lukewarm water ; it 's built underground , so all kinds of forest beasts are stomping on the roof all night - including a literal herd of at least 15 fucking bullshit mule deer one night . 
  really , i could go on if i felt like it , but that should explain enough . 
  it 's hippy bullshit , plain and simple . 
  the only plausible reason anyone would choose to own one is to virtue signal to their stupid hippy friends about how environmentally conscious they are . 
  he also [ thoroughly shut down the ebola panic ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=z2kbfynw09i ) a couple years back , when republicans were trying to tie it into their perpetual anti-immigration crusade . 
  i used to think this was just a meme someone came up with to make fun of conspiretards , but alas , [ i encountered ] ( http://imgur.com/a/h2xsr ) at least one in the wild the other day when i got lost in some shithole town outside of dallas . 
  they had a ridiculous truck decked out with similar shit too , but i had already blocked traffic for a minute to take the above two pictures , so i had to leave before i could get a picture of that too . 
  i made the mistake of planting 10 tomato plants in my backyard last year , because i could n't be bothered to do basic research , and i figured each one would probably produce like a handful of tomatoes per season . 
  turns out they can each produce about 12-15 lbs in the climate i live in . 
  ended up with so many god damned tomatoes i could n't even give them all away . 
  hell yeah , fuck alaska and hawaii . 
  bunch of inbred savages . 
  i know people like to say `` suicide is never the answer '' , and that 's great - but come on , let 's be honest , sometimes it 's probably the right thing . 
  like , if you 're 33 years old , and you still have n't acquired the requisite social skills to understand that this kind of post is n't ok , maybe it 's best for everyone if you just go ahead and find an exit . 
  well , i mean , it 's not like they were a couple blocks down from the un headquarters though . 
   ignorant voters, 
  i prefer `` useless flyover peasants '' , but to each their own . 
  she also call her housekeeper/nanny `` the help '' unironically . 
  lol , who cares about anything an african writes ? 
  if they knew anything i wanted to know , their continent would n't be the cesspool that it is . 
  they must 've wanted to invest in an emerging market . 
  you should see if they have thundergun . 
  blacks are n't happy unless they have something to be pissed off about . 
  no reason to neuter entertainment just to placate a demographic that 'll find something to riot about regardless . 
  i was willing to look past the fact that he was only a radio bitch during the war , up until the point he started spewing pacifistic bullshit ( fyi , canadians , this is one of the major reasons you 're seen as such a joke by the rest of the world ) . 
  this man deserves no respect . 
  lol , false on all counts . 
  what do you know about me ? 
  do n't be so judgmental . 
  i 'd probably hit it after a few drinks . 
  i would n't necessarily be proud afterwards , but i probably still would . 
  are you saying you 're attracted to smart children ? 
  lol , this meme again ? 
  flyover peasants can boo-hoo all they like , it 's not our fault they were rendered obsolete 50 years ago . 
  nobody cares , tyrone . 
  obligatory reminder that elon musk is a self-aggrandizing , african , con artist . 
  nobody cares , tyrone . 
  i do n't think there 's a country in the world with a greater disparity between the attractiveness of its male and female populations , it 's just absurd . 
  ever seen a grown man naked ? 
  everyone involved in that show deserves summary execution . 
  obviously asia does n't count , that 's just a given . 
  although , frankly , having traveled the continent quite extensively over the years , asian women are plenty overrated in their own right . 
  average asian woman , not so attractive . 
  you want to imprison a person over a dog ? 
  kinda fucked up , no ? 
  nobody ever lost any money betting on the stupidity of flyover peasants . 
  lol , fucking flyover peasants . 
  `` hey , i have an idea , lets strap ourselves to this machine that a band of unsupervised literal retards assembled in this parking lot over the course of about 2 hours . 
  the purpose of all animals is to serve mankind . 
  if he needed to use that dog as some sort of cathartic release for pent up anger , that 's his god-given right . 
  the laws of man are subordinate to the laws of our blessed creator . 
  genesis 1:26, 
   and god said , let us make man in our image , after our likeness : ** and let them have dominion over the fish of the sea , and over the fowl of the air , and over the cattle , and over all the earth , and over every creeping thing that creepeth upon the earth ** . 
   i have lived , sir , a long time , and the longer i live , the more convincing proofs i see of this truth - that god governs in the affairs of men . 
  and if a sparrow can not fall to the ground without his notice , is it probable that an empire can rise without his aid ? 
  we have been assured , sir , in the sacred writings , that `` except the lord build the house they labour in vain that build it . '' i firmly believe this ; and i also believe that without his concurring aid we shall succeed in this political building no better than the builders of babel : we shall be divided by our little partial local interests ; our projects will be confounded , and we ourselves shall become a reproach and bye word down to future ages . 
  and what is worse , mankind may hereafter from this unfortunate instance , despair of establishing governments be human wisdom and leave it to chance , war and conquest . 
  you can mock our blessed creator , he 's given you the free will to do it . 
  just know , eventually there will be hell to pay . 
  literally . 
  helen clark . 
  false , helen clark said it in 2014 . 
  so-called `` sunday school '' is an abomination , invented by the polytheists in rome in order to indoctrinate innocent children . 
  i believe the word of god as it is . 
  it 's perfect already , there 's no need to interpret it as it pleases you . 
  lol , i 'm not talking about the bible that 's been modified 8,000 times to fit the ever-evolving tastes of so-called `` liberal '' sensitivities . 
  kjv , or gtfo . 
  it 's the pure , unadulterated , word of out blessed creator . 
  i 'll let you in on a little secret : `` evangelicals '' are just flyover peasants who are terrified of the diminishing value of their whiteness . 
  it 's never been about religion , it 's just thinly veiled bigotry . 
  ever seen a grown man naked ? 
  do you like movies about gladiators ?
