how is it possible when they to have empathy for them when they are committing misogynistic and race crimes on europeans ? 
  http://www.independent.co.uk/news/world/europe/norwegian-rape-victim-feels-guilty-the-man-who-raped-him-was-deported-a6975041.html does this not piss you off at all ? 
  because it seems like we get news articles about this almost everyday to the point where it 's almost no longer news anymore . 
  like i said , they do n't know the language , most do n't have the skills necessary to even hold a minimum wage job and to top it off they are committing major crimes and getting away with it . 
  if crime statistics more than double as soon as refugees enter then that 's more than just a coincidence . 
  although some are probably good people . 
  http://www.express.co.uk/news/world/644827/refugees-committed-crimes-germany-migrant-crisis-last-year plenty more but you can look for yourself i 'm not your fucking slave . 
  i said sa as an example , there are plenty more sharia countries you know ? 
   why not try and integrate immigrants because they ca n't integrate , simple as that . 
  refer to the crime statistics for proof of that . 
  there is too much of a culture shock . 
  not only that , they ca n't get jobs as most are low skilled workers with no concept of the english language what-so-ever . 
  i do n't go on the_donald as much as i used to , but i trust it a lot more than i do the other subreddits after the orlando shootings were censored and for hours the_donald was the only place to get news . 
  i do n't know why saying being right wing is n't the same as being a racist bigot is stirring up debate hahaha.turn off my phone ? 
  what if something happens that i need to know about and they ca n't reach me ? 
   that is not a problem with refugees come off it mate . 
  of course it is , look at the rape statistics before and after the refugee crisis . 
  night and fucking day . 
   we have a duty to help these people and maybe we should but they are n't making it easy causing mayhem on the streets and distrust between the races . 
  why not just send them to another middle eastern country that is n't at war ? 
  why not send them to saudi arabia , where they can fit in with the culture easier than coming to the west and raping people ? 
   but nothing has actually happened well on the terrorist attacks on paris a few months ago like 2 of the gun men were found to have been members of isis who got through the refugee program so i must disagree . 
  eh , the people at / r/conservative supported ted cruz , i suppose that left a sour taste in my mouth because the last time i was there they were all pretty religious , i suppose i 'll see what it 's like now . 
  it still abused the stickies and was constantly on the front page . 
  for one , i never said that . 
  but also i refuse to debate things with someone who resorts to name calling for no other reason than to be an ass hole . 
  i 'm not getting into a full fledged argument pissing contest with someone over reddit . 
  because i do n't really have the time and i also do n't really care that much . 
  the last few hours my phone 's been going off constantly with replies while i 'm trying to spend time with my girlfriend and family . 
  but also i do n't want to waste my time with someone being a total child . 
  i choose to reply because i think that i 'm right and i do n't want to appear clueless . 
  bro , / r/conservative is n't a white supremacy sub , come on . 
  neither of those are have many subs at all , guarantee if that sub were larger we 'd see some serious action taken against them . 
  i was more talking about the niqab but the hijab is n't much better . 
  the difference is that nuns choose to be nuns , muslim women are forced to wear those or they risk death . 
  but there were no rules against it , reddit just did n't like so much conservative things on the front page so they put a stop to it , only on the_donald . 
  you 've been on reddit as long as i have , surely you remember during the primaries when almost all front page posts were about bernie sanders ? 
  why did n't they do anything about that ? 
  are you being real ? 
  you have n't seen the news stories about refugees raping and murdering people in the streets of germany and sweden ? 
  yet you think there 's no reason to fear muslims and put a temporary ban on their immigration . 
  not to mention isis who have said that they would send militants through the refugee program . 
  do we really want another iraq war on our hands due to terrorism in the usa ? 
  oh , so do i , but it 's silly to ignore the issues we are facing . 
  i definitely have , but most have really small user bases which leads to a circle jerk/echo chamber between the few active commenters . 
  it 's also a real shame there is n't a place to discuss things with `` the other side '' because / r/politics is incredibly far left and like i said in the comment above , it really demonizes the right , so no real discussion can take place . 
  it 's a mostly right wing based opinion though , it 's really hard to put people into two groups . 
  really what the usa needs is more large political parties . 
   also globalization is definitely more conducive to stronger free market capitalism than protectionist policies that 's really the case with a lot of things , too much of a good thing and all that . 
  i mean , you say that , but i really doubt it . 
  well for starters his plan makes sense , a temporary ban on muslims until things in the middle east settle down is perfectly reasonable . 
  since when is having a border and disliking illegal immigration racist ? 
  such as ? 
  preservation of culture among nations . 
  lower or flatter taxation to cut government programs . 
  smaller government . 
  strengthening free-market capitalism . 
  stronger local governments and weaker federal governments . 
  what are some good left wing opinions ? 
   some want to work - their illegality obviously does n't say anything about their intentions there . 
  that 's why there 's an immigration process . 
   the afd in germany is polling at ~ 20 % , not a small base of followers at all . 
  because women are literally being raped and molested in the street by these refugees , like it or not it 's a fact and the some are tired of it , not to say i agree with the afb but i understand why people support them . 
   niqab and hijab bans i completely support this too , no one should be allowed to cover their face in public , never mind the fact that it 's completely oppressive to women . 
  it may be better for the eu in a sense that they do n't have us vetoing everything , but they 're also losing one of their biggest net contributors , which is obviously not great for them . 
  someone 's mad . 
  calm down mate , i 'll talk to you once you 've cooled off . 
  was brexit poorly executed ? 
  yes . 
  was it a bad idea to begin with ? 
  absolutely not . 
  it just so happens that ukip are idiots . 
  the eu is awful and we were right for voting to leave imo , but it definitely could have been done better . 
  why are you trying to straw man me ? 
  i never said any of the things you 're accusing me of hahaha . 
  i just said that your right wing party has a problem and it 's your own fault . 
  most other western countries ' right wing parties are n't racist and if they are they 're certainly moving left in terms of accepting gay marriage etc. 
  i suppose it 's more of an anglo country thing then . 
  seems to mostly happen in the usa , canada and uk . 
  well then they should have made that rule apply to all other subreddits and not just singling out the donald . 
  that 's fucked . 
  also , is n't there a filter now ? 
  so who cares if they abuse it ? 
  just filter them out instead of crying about it . 
  well brexit has n't even happened yet so i have no idea why that 's a point of argument . 
  because caring about the people in your own country more than those of others is n't racist ? 
  that 's a sound enough reason for me . 
  that sounds like an austrian problem and not a right wing problem . 
  most right wing parties are moving a bit to the left socially and are more accepting of gays and the like while also remaining true to most of their defining policies . 
  completely untrue . 
  have you never seen the left hating on whites , for being privileged or patriarchal or all that bullshit ? 
  because i 've seen a lot of it . 
  not to mention post us election and primaries people were were being racist as fuck towards blacks for ` voting against their own interests ' . 
  calling them names and the like . 
  sure the majority of racists are right wing , but it 's completely idiot to call all racists right wing . 
  are you surprised at the rise of ultra nationalists ? 
  everywhere in the west is going so far left and pc culture is on the rise , also with isis and the refugee crisis it 's all just combined into a perfect shit storm and most people are getting sick of it . 
  you used to see that mostly older people were right wing , but if you look at the statistics now a lot of young people are more right wing because of all this stuff happening and how it affects them too . 
  no by not allowing posts from the donald to hit the front page . 
  and some of the other changes they made specifically apply to the donald , and only the donald .
