  same with internet news portals . 
  it 's like that in pretty much every country : public media is kind of a progpaganda outlet for the government , but people close to fidesz bough a couple of private media companies too . 
  fidesz is shit but these levels of fuckery are not happening here . 
  russians are slavic ( european ) people , speaking a european language and their core cities are in europe . 
  they also had a huge impact on european history and culture . 
  i could move to japan without getting a visa ? 
  sign me up !, 
  he just likes to shit on hungary with every comment like a true romanian , but if he did n't include someone else than orban , it would 've been obvious , so he did . 
  that video about the hungarian trucker is so fucking funny, 
  and why do n't you have a party which can prevent molenbeek while not fucking up the country ? 
  i agree with this , but the problem is the lack of alternatives . 
  a lot of socially liberal people are forced into voting right-wing because they feel like their countries get more dangerous and funds are funneled into people who give nothing to society except crime and extremism . 
  there are pretty much no parties in europe who are n't conservative and have reasonable views on multiculturalism and immigration . 
  i met a lot of westerners who felt this way . 
  they were pretty liberal but told me that they dislike what 's going on in their countries : crime is rising , and most of the crimes are committed by minorities , but they ca n't speak out because it 's not pc , some of them are actually planning to move to eastern europe because poverty aside , they felt way more comfortable and safe here . 
  and these people are not rambling racists , they are liberals with some critical thinking skills and common sense . 
  funding refugee camps outside of europe is the best solution imo , it would cost less and it would n't jeopardize the safety of eu citizens . 
  it would also ensure that we only support legitimate refugees , right now we spend millions on fake refugees and economic migrants because we ca n't deport them , while they are also committing crimes and terror attacks , so basically the western leadership thinks that immigrants who may or may not be refugees ( could be criminals or isis fighters for what we know ) are more important than their own citizens . 
  if my government did something like this , i would vote far-right even though i 'm a socially liberal atheist , because right-wing leaders create temporary problems ( stupid laws , fucking up the economy , stuff you can change and revert later ) , while establishment parties fuck up the country forever ( bringing in millions of people who are statistically way more likely to live on welfare and commit crimes , and are breeding like rabbits , and their offsprings will be eu citizens so we ca n't even deport them , thus we have an unsolvable problem ) . 
  basically they want to turn europe into a shithole like the usa , where there is a huge divide in the society because of identity politics , every city is ridden with crime and ghettoes , and all of this is a `` divide and conquer '' tactic . 
  us politicians can do whatever they want , they can fuck over the people along with corporations , there will be no pressure because the population is divided into groups , everyone hates eachother , there is no social cohesion . 
  in more socially sane , more collectivistic and homogenous societies people actually pressure the government when they feel betrayed ( like south korea did recently or when hungarians took the streets in 2006 ) . 
  but in countries like the us , the government gets away with everything . 
  it 's only a matter or time that cities like marseille , paris , bruxelles , malm\u00f6 etc. 
  will become little detroits , they are on the right path . 
  the sole reason people are upset with the western political establishment is their support ( even if not open ) for mass immigration and identity politics , which was never good for any country . 
  if e.g. 
  the leftists stopped with this bullshit , they would get elected pretty much everywhere , and no one would vote far-right . 
  only a minority of far-right voters are actually racists , the majority feels like no one represents them from the establishment . 
  the question of `` why is the left losing and the far-right winning everywhere '' is this simple . 
  this kind of neo progressivism is not present in eastern europe , and since we have a more rational and objective insight on this problem as outsiders , and we were never indoctrinated by pc bullshit , we see through this and our common sense is telling us that the west in this question is fucking dumb . 
  we have enough problems already , we do n't need westerners to pressure us into the stupid shit they are doing to their own countries . 
  this is the main reason people are skeptical of the direction the eu is going towards . 
  i actually have a pretty plausible theory about why mass immigration is good for the political elite , but its pretty long for me to explain it from mobile . 
  so you do n't want certain countries in the eu because they have different views . 
  that 's fine , but being socially progressive ( which is a pretty relative term ) , is not a requirement to join the eu fortunately . 
  also , you just said that gay marriage is not a fundamental right , so it should be decided by the parliament/a referendum , so forcing it on countries is undemocratic and counterproductive . 
  if you actually care about gay people from serbia ( you probably do n't , you just want to feel superior and stick it to them dumb backward conservatives ) , you should actually support theit membership , because the eu can have a stronger cultural influence on a member-state , also people might turn more progressive if it was easier to visit the west or for westerners to visit serbia , it would also be easier for serbian gays to move to another country if they feel oppressed . 
  but if the west keeps importing third worlders , the situation might turn for the worse for you too , most of those people want to stone gays to death . 
  it 's the exact opposite here, 
  because the ideology supported by the eu is objectively perfect ? 
  give me a break . 
  there is a lot of shit on both sides . 
  you ca n't logically reason that mass importing third worlders is good , because it only has downsides : draining funds , crime , ghettoes and terrorism . 
  gay marriage is not even related to eu , it should be decided by a referendum in every country , in case there is enough public pressure . 
  i am pro-gay marriage but if 80 % of a country is not , there is absolutely no reason to force it on them . 
  we are a pretty conservative country and public support for gay marriage is among the highest here in our region , so you can imagine how much support it has in even more conservative countries . 
  alde is psd 's bitch , and psd has majority alone anyways , so nope . 
  it 's all about sending a message . 
  i really dislike the direction most of the eu is going towards with immigration , until they get their shit together i do n't want to see a single refugee relocated here by western countries , not because they would be a problem , but as a protest . 
  people do n't care , some of them probably see it as a good thing . 
  the main reason i left that country is the `` smecher '' culture , which means that someone is a douchebag who does n't care about rules or other people , basically an immoral ass who would do anything to get further in life , and being like this is a goal for many people and a positive thing in many peoples eyes . 
  i know , i just implied that some people have a reason not to move to germany, 
  the president said that he wo n't appoint anyone to be pm who is convicted or under charges , now psd is trying to fight the president . 
  turnout is lower among hungarians, 
  i could never live in germany . 
  the entire country feels so grey , dull , cold , weird and depressing . 
   i just want to point out that the eastern european `` social democrats '' are not the same as in western europe . 
  that 's a pretty important point . 
  the social democrats here are usually populist nationalists . 
  except maybe in hungary , our social democrats are kinda cosmopolitan neoliberals . 
  because the soon-to-be pm of romania is serving a two-year suspended sentence for election fraud . 
  i do n't have a problem with gay marriage , but i do n't want a molenbeek in central/eastern europe . 
  rip romania, 
  sadly , i do n't think so , hostility towards eachother is pretty ingrained in society , and none of the politicians want to end this , because throwing shit at eachother is an easier campaign move than actually doing something good . 
  no one wants to accept that we are not that different , and we could live in peace , and what 's good for the country is good for all of us . 
  but people are generally uneducated and close minded here compared to other historically multicultural areas like belgium or switzerland , which makes things worse . 
  i was n't talking about official statements from these people , i was talking about their general behaviour and the things they say that does n't appear in national media . 
  i lived there for 18 years , and i have no reason to make up stuff about them , they 've been like this since the 90 's . 
  and by 50-50 i meant satu mare as a city , not the county . 
  and hungary is not `` selling me bullshit '' , everything i said is from personal experience , i grew up there and lived there for 18 years , also i 've never really seen romania getting mentioned in hungarian media . 
  yes , other countries lost territory too , but not to this extent . 
  there were pretty much no romanians in satu mare in 1918 , and we are right at the border , but somehow we ended up being in romania . 
  being oppressed by a nationalistic dictator ( ceausescu ) tends to make people more nationalistic . 
  also i 've never seen fights started by hungarians , the only reason i 'm sometimes hostile is just a response to hostility, 
  yes i am a nationalist , but my experiences are from living in romania , not biased sources . 
  psd absolutely cares about shitting on hungarians , at least their local politicians do in regions where there are a decent number of hungarians . 
  no , i do n't think so . 
  pptm kinda imploded , and they have no real chance , i think the main priority is keeping psd out of power , that 's the best for everyone , us included . 
  that 's why i vote usr . 
  i do n't defend hvim and do n't support them , but i think they are irrelevant as fuck . 
   i 'd like to see some sources . 
  where do you live and who are those politicians that are openly xenophobic towards hungarians 90 % of psd/alde politicians from satu mare . 
  dorel coica , adrian stef , valer marian , these are the more well-known figures , but they are all hateful and xenophobic scumbags . 
  some of them even take the time to shitpost on facebook groups about hungarians while their profile pictures are romanian flags , so this fits the nationalism pretty well . 
   and have n't been sanctioned for it according to the country 's laws ? 
  sanctioned in romania for hating hungarians ? 
  in a country where avram iancu , who committed genocide against women and children after the men left to war is hailed as a national hero ? 
  nice joke m8 , when did the smartasses from prm/pru get sanctioned ? 
  psd politicians can get away with literally everything . 
  i do n't even want them to be sanctioned/silenced tbh , i believe in freedom of speech . 
   so how do you feel about hungarian fm sending a message that hungarians should not take part in celebrations of romania 's national day ? 
  is that how you promote peace and tolerance and cooperation ? 
  i mean this was not even a subject until hungary brought it up . 
  i do n't condone the action of our fm , i think it was dumb and disrespectful , but your national day is a mourning day for us , so i do n't really see the point in celebrating when it would n't be honest anyway . 
   how do you feel about ethnic hungarians who are openly xenophobic towards their countrymen ? 
  i never heard of something like this , but several of my friends/aquaintances got beat up for speaking hungarian in a town which is literally half fucking hungarian . 
   a flag versus political representation , education ( including university ) in hungarian , public service assistance in hungarian , etc. ? 
  most hungarians do n't even know what being oppressed means . 
  we do n't get to have hungarian flags in romania while we are a bigger minority .
