  they even helped `` refugees '' sneak through the border, 
  the ngo-s in question are all funded by soros , and i do n't think anyone in their right mind wants them here . 
  how are a couple of idiots representative of the entire population ? 
  or we could just round up and shoot ignorant idiots like you . 
  there 's no pressure from people like juncker and merkel to do these things, 
  gypsies , not immigration, 
  there are too few chinese grills here, 
  one of the reasons is that under communism the economy was a disaster , and romania , instead of getting into debt , starved its population . 
  compare that to hungary , where people generally had a way better quality of life , but we also accumulated a lot of debt because of that . 
  it 's worth a visit , but unless nightlife is your absolute priority , other cities have much more to offer in the same price range, 
  bucharest is a shithole , cluj is better, 
  in the parliament ? 
  they are the second biggest party behind fidesz, 
  how is this common sense ? 
  there are some countries in central/eastern europe where muslim ghettoes and terrorism are not present ( like in every western country ) , so you have to create it ? 
  we have enough problems with gypsies already . 
  simple compromise : the average western person earns 5 times as much as we do , also some of us have problems with romani integration , why ca n't we bail out of this `` refugee '' crap which is your fault because you invited them over and are giving them a ferry service ? 
  when i went to vienna , the buildings near the danube were full of `` refugees welcome '' graffitis, 
  that 's the ngos funded by soros, 
  that 's a cultural effect of the usa, 
  the thing about the eu is that everyone is just bashing us on `` we get a lot of money and we are not thankful '' , but you have to look on the other side of the coin too . 
  yes we get a lot of money , but do we actually see any of it ? 
  probably , a small percentage . 
  the big part of it however , gets stolen by politicians and invested in infrastructural projects , building etc. 
  which is of course good , but it wo n't increase our disposable income , which is our biggest problem . 
  meanwhile you are moving your factories here and paying 20 % of what you 'd pay in the west , and our medics , engineers , programmers etc. 
  go to the west for higher pay after our country paid to train them at our universities . 
  another example of why i do n't want further integration is immigration/minorities . 
  i 've been to western europe quite a bit and basically every crime gets committed by ethnic non-europeans . 
  most of big cities have muslim ghettoes . 
  and people are just somehow not bothered by this , and they are open for taking in even more of these people , which is just mind-boggling to me since it would be a political suicide here , and rightfully so . 
  imo the biggest threat for europe is leftism and their crazy views on immigration and identity politics , and if we need to choose a short-term problem ( right-wing ) to dodge a long-term problem ( even more problematic minorities ) , we should do it . 
  they might fuck up the economy a bit , they might enact some dumb conservative laws , but you can change it later . 
  you ca n't deport minorities born in you country however , and they will vote left to bring even more minorities in . 
  thankfully we do n't have a problem with muslims since there are so few of them here , but how this gets handled gives me pretty good insight on western mainstream politics , and it does not look pretty , i do n't want these people to have any influence over me or my country . 
  the other difference between jobbik and other `` far-right '' parties in europe is that in hungary , not the dumb and old people vote for jobbik . 
  those people vote for fidesz . 
  i 've met so many smart and open-minded jobbik supporters . 
  they have huge amount of critical thinking , which is understandable , because if you support a party which has been labelled `` far-right '' by everyone , you need a lot of independent thinking skills to actually look into it instead of just following the consensus and demonizing them while not knowing anything . 
  i 'm a liberal nationalist , i 'm not really socially conservative like most jobbik supporters , but they are still the best option imo . 
  fidesz and the left are equally bad , lmp is a decent party bu t they will never win , especially after their former leader left , so that leaves jobbik as an option . 
  they actually have pretty good policies . 
  their leader is probably the best politician in hungary , he 's very smart and charismatic . 
  the party is not some fringe far-right party anymore , they abandoned most of their questionable stances , they are just a genuine non-corrupt idealistic right-wing party with a lot of young members . 
  about the eu : i really like the eu as a concept , but i find western/eu leaders to be really patchetic ( i hate juncker , merkel and co. ) , and until we get politicians who actually look out for what 's the best for us instead of being the puppets of bankers and lobbyists and fucking over their own citizens in the process , i do n't want further integration . 
  here in hungary jobbik is the most popular party among young people too . 
  but it 's pretty weird since i do n't know a lot of jobbik supporters at my university , even though i am one . 
  most people do n't care about politics tbh, 
  the same people who voted for psd, 
  refugees are not relevant , they were probably committed by ethnic minorities tho, 
  how is this relevant ? 
  op said that she was n't rejected because she 's a muslim , which is true . 
  yeah i know , the fence was smart, 
  but we have the glorious orban 's fence, 
  lol, 
  terrorism is one out of multiple problems with multikulti . 
  the biggest problem is that most western european cities have muslim ghettoes , and a huge percentage of crime and rape is committed by muslim minorities , while the authorities and msm are trying to cover up these facts and ignore them . 
  western europe without muslims would be paradise on earth , now i 'd rather live in hungary . 
  we did, 
  if you travel around europe , you pretty much do n't get any culture shocks , most countries are mostly similar if we are talking about general mentality and values . 
  brits are idiots , the other stuff you said is not true or not relevant , you just pulled it out of your ass . 
  if there are two scumbags , one is being honest about it and the other pretends that they 're good , i tend to like the honest one more tbh, 
  good thing that all of these do n't apply to hillary too , oh wait, 
  where did this happen ? 
  never heard of it . 
  probably poland ? 
  i think central/eastern europe is pretty good in this regard, 
   if you would leave your alt-right bubble for more than a week i 'm not `` alt-right '' . 
  is n't that a usa thing anyways ? 
  i 'm actually socially liberal in everything not related to third-world immigration , identity politics , and third-wave feminism . 
   you 'll find that what you just mentioned is mostly a boogeyman story by reactionists . 
  not true , most sociology/gender studies classes in the usa and canada are just like this , look up the jordan peterson story and/or his videos . 
  there is also a really good norwegian documentary called hjernevask ( brainwash ) , it 's literally about what i said : dumb university professors brainwashing people with false facts , which means that it 's happening here too . 
   making a mountain out of a molehill thing . 
  that 's the leftists ' speciality , by being outraged against made-up bullshit like manspreading and mansplaining , and crying racism/sexism on everything . 
  while they are fighting for the mass immigration of people who want to stone gays and jews and consider women objects/their own property . 
  to tunisia, 
  yes i 'm one of those guys who questions stuff instead of accepting it because `` it 's the right thing '' , better ignore me then . 
  those far-leftist gender studies professors who say that there are no biological differences between sexes and we should use 70 + gender pronouns made up by special snowflakes on tumblr are probably smarter than me , it 's such a shame that it 's these people who are pushing for the mass immigration of people with mentalities stuck in the stone age . 
  i 'm not talking about higher education in general ( i 'm a student . . ) , i 'm talking about gender studies and sociology education which got infiltrated by far-left nuts pushing their agendas who are brainwashing their students with bullshit , it 's prevalent in canada and the us where these professors say stuff like `` there is no biological difference between sexes '' , which is outright wrong and bullshit , and these people are academics with a phd . 
  meanwhile people are making safe spaces and you get fined if you do n't use 70 + gender pronouns made up by these `` intellectuals '' . 
  i just do n't want europe to go down on this path where destroying your own country and society is regarded as a science . 
  it 's also pretty hypocritical to fight for acceptance of feminism and minority/lgbt rights and to fight for mass immigration of people who see women as objects and want to stone gay people and jews . 
  far-left indoctrination disguised as higher education . 
  a mcdonalds cashier without high school diploma has more common sense than these lunatic far-leftists, 
  still better than potential criminals and terrorist running around . 
  this analogy is so good , i fucking hate people who think like manuel `` we have to learn to live with terrorism '' valls . 
  yeah all those gender studies and sociology students, 
  or : `` deport ! '', 
  if someone keeps their country of origin a secret , throw them in jail , why would you tolerate scum like this, 
  never seen anyone celebrating, 
  at least they wo n't go down the road western europe has, 
  those principles should not exist in the first place , there 's nothing positive about multiculturalism and third world immigration at all, 
  we also have some good wine around there, 
  yeah that 's kind of how i perceive him too . 
  i 'm not fan of orb\u00e1n but he has n't fucked up so ridiculously that i had to take the streets and protest ( yet ) , i know that if the people want change , then they just wo n't elect him , since i fully trust our democratic process , but if i was in poland i would be out protesting right now . 
  what pis is doing is outright undemocratic with these closed-doors voting stuff and not letting other mps to cast their votes . 
  what fidesz did was scummy but legal . 
  also , that `` biggest opposition newspaper '' was a bunch of shit and it 's a good riddance . 
  yes , they did buy several tv channels , but no one is forcing people to watch those channels , the most popular channel ( rtl ) is pretty anti-government .
