  and i will be an optimist for the first time, 
  i love you, 
  i have a c1 certificate too but i took the exam because of the bonus points for university, 
  my accent is not that horrible since i mostly learned english from movies , shows and streams , not at school , and when i did my english exam ( emeltszint\u00fc \u00e9retts\u00e9gi , idk what it is in english ) , i almost laughed the examiner in the face at the speaking part , since her accent was so horrendous . 
  it was like writing english down phonetically in hungarian and reading it . 
  and she was a middle-aged english teacher . 
  some of us like living in our countries and are trying to improve them rather than moving elsewhere . 
  i 'm thankful that i was n't born in africa or bangladesh or some other shithole , yes we are poor compared to western countries but life is far from bad here compared to a big part of the world . 
  most hungarians have horrendous english accents to be fair, 
  but then you could shoot all of them and get rid of all the scum !, 
  it 's even better in hungarian since we have a rich vocabulary full of very specific terms, 
  we have the best soil , do n't we folks ? 
  absolutely tremendous soil !, 
  but we need to make better deals . 
  foreigners are buying up all of our soil . 
  sad !, 
  we need to take our soil back , and we need to do it swiftly !, 
  it 's in the book `` voor europa ! '', 
  the co-author is daniel cohn-bendit , his good friend , some fun facts about the guy :  cohn-bendit worked in the karl-marx-buchhandlung bookshop in frankfurt and ran an anti-authoritarian kindergarten . 
  in his 1975 book le grand bazar , he described himself as engaging in sexual activities with very young children at the kindergarten . 
  in 1978 an edition of pflasterstrand , an alternative magazine cohn-bendit edited , described being seduced by a 6-year-old girl as one of the most beautiful experiences the author had ever had . 
   he was also known during that time as dany le rouge ( french for `` danny the red '' , because of both his politics and the colour of his hair ) he is co-chairing the spinelli group ( created by verhofstadt ) named after altiero spinelli , another communist . 
  they all hate the very idea of nation states or national identities . 
  i do n't want to be part of an eu led by a sick , pedophile , communist cabal . 
  even fucking fascism sounds way better than this . 
  we , eu citizens , should pull our heads out of our asses and see through the propaganda shoved down our throat by the mainstream media owned by the sick fucks who are controlling the eu and are using the majority of our population ( useful idiots ) as pawns , and organize a revolution in order to put some actual decent people in charge of the eu instead of these fucking idiots , the more i read about most influential people in eu politics , i 'm more and more disgusted by the entire union . 
  when you find out about these people , you start to wonder that are we accepting all these refugees because of our `` moral obligation '' , or it 's part of the gameplan of this cabal . 
  and a quote from richard coudenhove-kalergi , one of the founding fathers of the eu :  today 's races and classes will gradually disappear owing to the vanishing of space , time , and prejudice . 
  the eurasian-negroid race ... similar in its appearance to the ancient egyptians , will replace the diversity of peoples ... instead of destroying european jewry , europe , will against its own will ... turn europe into a mixed race of asians and negros ... through this artificial selection process . 
  his honored status within the eu system today can still be seen in the coudenhove kalergi prize , which is given to heads of state in the eu for furthering the real aims of the eu contained within his book . 
  recent recipients of the prize have included herman van rompuy and angela merkel . 
  if verhofstadt becomes eu chief , i 'm packing my things and booking my flight out of the eu . 
  i looked it up , and your weird ksiaze word means `` fejedelem '' in hungarian , which basically means ruler , but we have 10 words for everything . 
  fun fact : the title of \u00c1rp\u00e1d , the ruler/leader of our tribes , who led the hungarians into the carpathian basin and basically conquered the land , is fejedelem . 
  it 's pretty outdated but we will build another one with the money/help of russia , which was the main goal of putin visiting budapest a while ago . 
  vod\u00e3 is the romanian word for the hungarian word `` vajda '' . 
  it 's because of neoliberalism . 
  the moderate left became third way/neoliberal , so the classical socialist left became far-left . 
  that 's pretty logical since we have a labour shortage in central europe while the south has high unemployment . 
  still better than an islamist dictatorship . 
  st.petersburg sounds awesome, 
  can you stop your stupid hateful rambling against eastern europeans ? 
  those anti-gay people are the old people and some stupid neonazis and they will never emigrate to your perfect country , you are also hypocritical as fuck because you disagree with hating on muslims while you are hating on us for the same reason people hate on muslims , except they are much worse . 
  if you did this poll in a muslim country , the average would be like 5 % , and we have 50 . 
  also most young people have no problem with gays and they are the most likely to move to the west . 
  you are so fucking ignorant , hateful and stupid . 
  where can i join up to be a troll ? 
  i like shitposting and i need some beer money, 
  hungary : yes yes kinda ( our greens are not far-left islamist apologist neoprogressive nutjobs like the swedish ones for example ) . 
  t h i c c, 
  die linke is a disappointment on its own, 
  all the butthurt commies downvoting , so funny, 
  why do we always get ignored :(, 
  this year we will decrease the corporate tax to 9 % ( lowest in the eu ) , i guess that 's one of his problems . 
  there is a protest planned today at the romanian embassy afaik , first it was scheduled for friday but the government did n't approve because there were anti-putin protests at the time, 
  i 'm mostly a lurker but these two are my main subs, 
  agreed, 
  i do n't think that it 's because of the socioeconomic status or racism . 
  in western europe , even if you 're born poor , you have every chance to break out of it and lead a good life . 
  it 's not like the usa where only private high schools are good and you do n't learn shit if you do n't have money , here if you take school semi-seriously you can easily get a good education and you can even get into university for free after that . 
  why are other communities ( like asians ) well-integrated then ? 
  these people grew up in a culture of violence , so a very high percentage of them turn out to be shitty people , and instead of integrating into european culture , they build parallel societies in their ghettoes , they live on welfare , they do n't respect laws , and they also make a ton of children , and they teach them the same way of life . 
  why is it our burden to try to teach them a normal way of life with such high costs ? 
  they funnel money away from the government , they increase crime and bring down public safety , and they are the biggest reason that populist right-wingers are getting elected and the eu is falling apart . 
  i do n't have a problem with them being muslim or them being brown , i do n't give a shit about that . 
  my problem is that a way bigger percent of them are shitty people than among native europeans or asians , and that 's the only reason i do n't want them here . 
  they need to fix their countries , we can help them do it , but until it 's done i 'm all against mass immigration from that region . 
  the negatives way outweight the positives . 
  i still think that without muslims , western europe would be paradise on earth . 
  what far-right propaganda ? 
  people do n't agitate against immigration because they are racist , they do it because it 's a problem and it 's swept under the rug by pc mainstream politicians . 
  the fact that they were heavily industrialized in the first place after the fall of communism helps them too , the same with slovenia . 
  the thing is that no one is agitating , people do n't dislike migrant because they are brown , they dislike them because of high crime rates and ghettoes . 
  literally every ghetto in western europe is full of muslims . 
  sitting in the streets in mobs , drinking , smoking , spitting , harassing women . 
  but some people have their head so far up their asses that they pretend this does n't exist and the evil nazis/russians are making it up . 
  `` being against agitation '' in today 's western politics means covering up crimes committed by minorities , whitewashing crime statistics and silencing every anti-immigration citizen by calling them nazis . 
  and this is the reason people vote for populist right-wing parties , even if the only point they agree on with them is immigration . 
  guy verhofstadt even wrote in his book that he wants to federalize the eu by importing a shitload of arabs to erase national identities in the eu . 
  they do n't care about the damage of immigration . 
  there is no need to agitate the people against minorities , they agitate the people themselves . 
  i 'm a pretty good english speaker myself but when i hear most hungarians speaking english i get ear cancer . 
  yeah but it 's not possible . 
  even if one party promises it , they wo n't follow up on it . 
  if your economy is shit , you ca n't just give out insane amounts of pension without cutting other spending or getting yourself in a lot of debt . 
  you also ca n't raise corporate taxes because it hurts investment , nor income taxes because the quality of life is pretty low as it is already . 
  education and healthcare are not in a good position atm , and romania is one of the few countries not connected to europe via a motorway , hell they do n't even have a real motorway system , so i guess they have to fund infrastructure too . 
  the economy was growing just fine , and as the economy was growing , they could 've slowly raised pensions in the long term . 
  there are similarities between psd and fidesz but it 's different . 
  the similarities are that they pretty much hijacked the country because the dumb/rural/old people are voting for them and they are brainwashed by state tv propaganda , while the youth does n't vote . 
  another similarity is that they are both corrupt . 
  but there are differences : part of fidesz support is because a ) there 's no real opposition who is better than them and b ) they are actually doing some things right , so they convince some smart/middle-class people to vote for them . 
  also , when they try to fuck with people directly , people take the streets and then fidesz backs off , like with the internet tax and the sunday shopping stop . 
  in the case of psd , the corruption is more blunt and blatant , they do n't do anything right , they have real opposition in pnl/usr , they do n't listen to the people ever , and there 's no support behind them outside of their brainwashed dumb voters . 
  so it will be way harder for them to get away with this . 
  the more leftist you are , the better you are on this sub . 
  people here are fans of fucking melenchon , corbyn and gregor gysi . 
  i do n't think so, 
  i know , i 'm half-romanian . 
  but those were anti-corruption stuff and only conspiracy theories linked them to soros , his ngo 's here are spreading radical leftism , social justice bullshit etc.
