  yeah it 's pretty annoying , and i do n't really know the reason ( they probably took some shitty loans after the fall of communism or idk , they are mostly alcoholic too ) . 
  way better than reddit thinks , everyone seems to believe that we live in absolute poverty under the rule of an authoritarian dictator like erdogan , but its pretty far from the truth . 
  life is average , i feel completely free ( hell , i think we have more freedom than westerners because of their tunnel vision on pc bullshit ) , there are no huge problems ( main problems are education and healthcare but that 's exagerrated too imo ) , there are a lot of jobs , the economy is slowly groving , wages are shit but they will increase next year according to the government . 
  orban is really controversial , leftists hate him and call him a dictator , some people worship him as a saint , and there are rational people who are upset about corruption scandals and propaganda , but we admit that he is not the devil , and our country is not collapsing like the leftist like to pretend . 
  in my opinion , he 's a charismatic , smart strong leader , he 's not a puppet of anyone , and he handled the migrant crisis perfectly ( most people agree on this ) , but he 's pretty corrupt , and close-minded on a lot of issues . 
  i 'm not a fan of him , did n't vote for him , but i 'd choose him over any hungarian leftist every day of the week , and i 'm really thankful that we did n't have the leftists in office when the migrant crisis happened . 
  i also really like that we are making ties with v4 , russia and now the us . 
  yeah it sucks to leave here so much , i already bought my plane ticket to sweden / s, 
  yay , the eu will be better if we get rid of that clown . 
  seems pretty biased towards western europe tbh , i talked to a lot of expats who came to budapest/prague etc. 
  from richer countries and they absolutely love it . 
  for me , expat means someone who has a good life but has to move for a job or just gets bored and wants to experience another country , while immigrant is someone who goes to a richer country with better opportunities in order to have a better life . 
  we are just racist barbaric scum for not accepting the * `` new europeans '' *, 
  * progressivism intensifies *, 
  just call every right-winger a putin puppet and ignore their points , that will show them !, 
  this is what leftists do and then they wonder why trump and brexit happened . 
  szar means shit in hungarian, 
  nope, 
  yeah that 's why die linke get a lot of votes with that anti-german idiot gregor gysi who said that all germans are nazis and you should replace your entire population with muslims, 
  that 's not the case in places like germany or sweden tho, 
  that 's awesome . 
  a western presidential candidate with sensible views on immigration ? 
  maybe we are not completely fucked after all, 
  the usa has a dumb election system , it does n't count . 
  they had decent candidates , like rand paul and sanders . 
  what do you expect when the only opposition is the leftists who want to flood europe with third world immigrants ? 
  thanks , but no . 
  and the migrants should be on boats en route to the shitholes they came from . 
  i 'd live in danovia . 
  vienna-budapest-bratislava triangle would be the best place in eu . 
  i did n't talk about terrorism , i just pointed out that muslims are way more likely to be violent criminals and freeloaders , and every western european ghetto is muslim-majority . 
  i just think that the less muslims we have , the better off we are as a society , and if our politicians ignore this because they are so loyal to a certain ideology , then we should put that ideology in the dumpster because it 's objectively bad . 
  brainwashing the population into thinking that there are no problems with immigrants , and thus making the weak-minded part of the population support these policies does n't make it right . 
  nazi politicians brainwashed their citizens and made them believe that what they are doing is good , but that does n't mean that it was good . 
  i stand for social liberalism and equality , i also do n't have problems with immigration inside the eu or from southern/eastern asia ( < 3 the vietnamese ) , but a huge part of mena immigrants are just pure scum and we should n't let them in for the sake of diversity . 
  yes , but they should be our role model instead of the us , a corporatist melting pot full of identity politics where crime and unrest are rampant . 
  because that 's the direction we 're heading to . 
  for me , pragmatism and common sense  ideology and moral correctness . 
  as a nationalist : it 's not black and white like that , even though a lot of people believe what you said . 
  for me , not letting in millions of `` refugees '' is common sense , not because of racism , but you just have to take a look at some news and statistics . 
  safety is really important to me , and we should n't give that up to be able to stand on a stupid moral high ground . 
  western europe a while ago was like paradise on earth : completely safe , minimal crime , complete trust between people . 
  now its all gone , every major western city is full of ghettoes and crime , and this is mostly because of immigration . 
  look at japan , they do n't really have 3rd world muslim immigrants , and there 's a lot of safety and trust in their society ( e.g. 
  no cashiers in a store , you just take what you want and leave money in a box , and everyone pays and no one steals the money , this is the kind of stuff which would 've been possible in western europe in the past but not now ) . 
  but some globalist financial elites who are out-of-touch with the public and probably own our politicians will tell us that we need immigrants , and we fuck up our countries . 
  some examples : peter sutherland , george soros . 
  oh and they usually happen to be jews , which fuels antisemitism in the altright . 
  juncker seems like the stereotypical globalist with financial interests who is completely out of touch with regular people . 
  of course the usd is 1st by far , it has historical reasons . 
  ww2 , marshall plan , nixon etc. 
  yeah , good things , like funding extreme leftists and meddling in internal politics all around the world . 
  soros ... 
  most of them came from there . 
  yeah that 's what i hate the most about my peers . 
  russia invading us is a fucking stupid fearmongering , attacking a nato country would lead to ww3 and they do n't really have anything to gain with it . 
  an evil fascist racist named orban put a stop to it . 
  nationalism can be european nationalism too . 
  a positive kind of nationalism where the leaders make decisions based on what 's good for the eu , instead of prioritizing financial interests , lobbyists and morality . 
  not necessarily . 
  i like the concept of the eu , but i dislike the direction the us and eu are going ( financial lobbies and interests , mass immigration , corporatism , globalization ) . 
  i just do n't see russia as a threat , because they have everything to lose and nothing to gain by attacking an eu/nato member , so i 'm not worried about them . 
  also , the us is just as unethical as russia , but no one bats an eye because they have more influence here and we hold them to double standards . 
  i 'd like a strong and independent eu with more nationalism and pragmatism , and less meddling in our internal politics by outside powers , be it russia or the us . 
  i can ? 
  that 's nice , do i have to register beforehand ? 
  yeah , it was a mistake , my first exam is on december 12th in the morning . 
  yeah i 'm studying in budapest and i start exams on december 11th :(, 
  i just ca n't imagine a decent psd government , as someone who lived 18 years in romania . 
  i experienced so much corruption in the 4 years they were in power in my town that it was actually disgusting , like hungary is pretty corrupt as well but it does n't even come close to the blatant and disgusting corruption of psd . 
  i do n't really have faith in young people either , when more than half of the young people ca n't pass the bacalaureat , which is easy as fuck , there are serious problems ... 
  i was n't talking about being pro-eu and nato ( being eurosceptic and us-sceptic is a positive thing imo ) , just the quality of the government . 
  if you elect psd , it would be a huge step backwards and the progress you made will go down the drain . 
  yeah that would be quite nice , it 's a shame i wo n't be able to vote because exams . 
  alde , the party of corrupt rejects who left psd and pnl ? 
  nice joke m8, 
  you 're gon na elect psd in december anyways so whatevs, 
  fidesz never takes fights that they ca n't 100 % win , if something has potential to backfire on them , they instantly back down . 
  and ? 
  let them fucking rally , they do n't have any influence or power , why does it hurt you so much that people have views you do n't agree with ? 
  that 's kinda fascist-y, 
  no it 's not , you 're helping other people for your own benefit . 
  destroying the eu would greatly benefit the entire anti-globalist movement , and the best chance they have right now is le pen , so of course they try to help her . 
  then you should educate yourself more on the alt-right . 
  i 'm not a part of it but i talked with a lot of them , also it 's not a single entity , they believe in a wide range of stuff , they only agree on some core points . 
  antifa people are just accusing anyone who 's not a far-left neoprogressive ideologue of being a fascist while they are acting like fascists themselves . 
  most of the alt-right is for isolationism and against american meddling in other countries ' conflicts , that 's why they are mad at trump . 
  it 's not that hypocritical if you think about it . 
  the fight against globalism is a fight for nationalism and against mass migration . 
  you can easily ally with anti-globalists from other countries . 
  well we do n't celebrate workers , we just go to the countryside with friends , eat and then drink . 
  a lot . 
   antifa you are the problem with this world, 
  well there is more logic in hungarian than in german . 
  german is like `` here 's a rule , but in 80 % of the cases it does n't apply so here are 3924329483294 exceptions ! '', 
  yeah but it just kinda becomes second nature as you grow up , i never really learned grammar for example ( because i would get cancer from it ) , and i can still speak perfectly . 
  because he would lose the referendum ? 
  if you are not a cultural relativist , you could wrap your head around the fact that there are different cultures , some of them are better , some of them are worse , and in the context of immigration this is the main point . 
  that 's why saying that we are hypocritical because we move to the west and the western countries took in our refugees under communism is just a shitty point to make . 
  the people who dislike this refugee/migrant crisis are usually not against immigration per se , they are mad because the people coming in have a shitty culture , proven by the fact that they are massively overrepresented in crime statistics all over western europe and most of the ghettoes consist of middle-eastern and north african thugs .
