can people who have no idea about hungarian politics stop calling fidesz far-right ? 
  they are the mainstream centre-right establishment conservative party in hungary , while the radical right is jobbik , just because in some questions the western `` conservative '' parties act like communists ( i 'm mostly referring to immigration ) does not mean that it 's the norm . 
  it 's only the norm in western europe . 
  our `` left/liberals '' are a joke and they are just as corrupt as fidesz , but they are also incompetent . 
  the only credible liberal party is lmp , who are in shit , because their leader , schiffer andras resigned , and the other party members are pretty incompetent , they have like 4 % support atm , mostly in budapest . 
  exactly . 
  fidesz gave a chance for muslims/africans to get into hungary by purchasing bonds for 300k euros ( iirc ) , and jobbik said that this is hipocrisy and treason , so they will only vote yes for the consitutional change if fidesz cancels these bonds . 
  fidesz said that they will , but they did n't make it legally official , so jobbik did n't vote . 
  the constitutional change was jobbik 's idea in the first place ( before the referendum ) . 
  not voting for it was just a protest against fidesz . 
  they are not welcome here, 
  it 's only good when we get bought by western europe and the usa , if china or russia invests it 's suddenly bad . 
  it 's just reddit . 
  let 's not forget the fact that austria is a pretty small country . 
  can confirm . 
  of course , undocumented muslim migrants from war-torn third world shitholes are the same as europeans . 
  it 's just the sad reality that this sub is full of brigading nationalist romanians who pretend to be progressives while hating hungarians , and they are well-liked . 
  how times change . 
  now everyone is riding romania 's dick on this sub . 
  so these people ( who should be happy and grateful that they can live in a civilized first world country in a much better financial status than afghanistan ) should get to cherry-pick the wealthiest countries in the world ? 
  by this logic , germany and sweden should import the population of every country poorer than them . 
  it 's like that in every country i 've been to . 
  expect it to get even worse after hillary gets elected . 
  yeah , then maybe we could get rid of people like you . 
   one of the best politicians this country has seen since reunification . 
  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qrul0m9ilfk then i 'm really sad for germany . 
  if an ex-stasi communist guy who says that every german is a nazi , germany should take in more refugees because of their history , and that germany should replace their population with immigrants is the `` best politician '' . 
  saying shit like this should be a crime . 
  i 'd rather vote for a ham sandwich . 
  how are their numbers so large ? 
  it 's a fringe party led by a complete ex-stasi moron ( gregor gysi ) . 
   especially hungary , where tanks rolled in and crushed democracy and forced hundreds of thousands out in 1956 . 
  after 1956 we had `` goulash communism '' , state terror was really insignificant compared to the situation in romania for example , and people on average had a pretty decent life quality . 
  we are honorary slavs after all, 
  i hate communism as much as the next guy but our suffering can not be blamed on marx, 
  lul the previous government was way worse, 
  yeah but those laws dont mesh well with the new europeans, 
  are you really this stupid or is it trolling ? 
  change the law ? 
  it 's an answer to a crisis , the rise of german nationalism ( and italian , hungarian etc. ), 
  was mainly because of revisionism and the unfair peace treaties after ww1 . 
  that 's why we need to avoid crises , or act in time if it happens . 
  right now the biggest crisis is the behavior of mena minorities/immigrants in every single western european country , and the refugees and terrorism on top of that . 
  and the only people with a sensible solution are hard right parties atm . 
  the rise of far right extremism after the refugee crisis is probably a coincidence then . 
  nice arguments mate, 
  right wing extremism will always exist , but their scale and influence is strongly correlated with immigration . 
  that 's what pushes more people to the far-right . 
  so you ignored my entire comment except soros , alright . 
  no , he 's not an eu elite , he 's a financial elite who can buy influence in politics and has ngo 's all over europe . 
  i wonder why the scummiest bankers like soros and sutherland like immigration so much , probably because of their good will and empathy . 
  nah , you can just dig into coudenhove-kalergi , jean monnet , peter sutherland , soros on wikipedia , or read voor europa by guy verhofstadt and connect the dots . 
  it 's literally in our face but no one cares . 
  you can find links between sutherland , soros and various eu politicians , including `` christian democrats '' . 
  verhofstadt admitted in his book that he wants to replace ethnic europeans with arabs , and he is the leader of alde and leading brexit negotiator . 
  richard coudenhove-kalergi advocated for the same thing , guess who got the coudenhove-kalergi award/grant whatever ? 
  merkel and juncker . 
  iirc jean monnet said shit like this too . 
  the eu is literally planned on this . 
  because it 's stupid . 
  non-muslims waaay outnumber muslims in europe and you cherry pick a single terrorist act committed by a non-muslim to paint right-wing people as terrorists . 
  and if it was n't for immigration , then right wing extremism would be irrelevant , breivik probably would n't have happened either . 
  two birds with one stone . 
  yes . 
  in the middle ages christianity was pretty horrible too , but we moved on and reformed it into something more civilized , but the muslims are stuck in time . 
  well i do n't like the election laws but if a party gets more votes than them , then it will backfire . 
  i would have no problem with taking in refugees if it was n't a deliberate act by the eu elites to undermine european demographics . 
  if you dig hard enough you can find a lot of evidence for this . 
  what about creating an alternative to fidesz and electing them how they do it in a democracy instead of shooting them ? 
  it 's not a fascist party , on certain issues they are more moderate than fidesz, 
  closing down airbnb in budapest would make my life 5 times better, 
  americans are just stupid corporatists all around, 
  degenerates like verhofstadt and juncker and co , and their banker friends, 
  no , because according to this sub , everything related to the eu is perfect . 
  the eu is a really nice concept , but it 's led by shady lunatics and financial interests . 
  closed and regressive countries like france , germany and sweden . 
  got it . 
  anarchist and right-wing terrorism is irrelevant compared to the muslim one . 
  you can also stop most of the right-wing terrorism by stopping immigration , because that 's their main problem . 
  two birds with one stone . 
  terrorism will always exist in some form , but without muslims it will be completely irrelevant . 
  i 'm not blaming refugees , i 'm blaming the stupid decisions to let everyone enter the eu and roam freely because they might be refugees , while most of them are criminals , terrorists and economic migrants and not refugees . 
  also for the price of taking care of 1 refugee in germany , we could take care of 10 refugees somewhere in the middle east , which has the same culture as the refugees , so if you really care about saving lives , letting refugees into the eu is also stupid . 
  the only measure the eu needs to take is getting really tough on immigration , that 's the only way of solving terrorism or at least preventing even more of it . 
  and the only ones willing to do it are `` far-right '' parties . 
  none of these terrorist are converts , they are all muslim-born arabs or north africans ... 
  wow , ** one ** assassination , while brits make up the 87 % of the uk population . 
  that 's huge amounts of terror for more than 40 million people !, 
  and it was also caused by immigration in some way , because the guy who did it was mad at the leftist politicians , same with breivik . 
  also i like how you edited your link , but separatist terrorism is different than islamic terrorism since it can be stopped by some kind of compromise , look at eta , ira etc. , they all stopped . 
  the muslim terrorists will never stop . 
  stopping stupid immigration policy will stop right wing terrorism too , which is pretty insignificant anyways compared to the amount of population . 
  what about not letting in more of them until you find a way to integrate the ones you already have ? 
  or be a bit more heavy-handed with keeping the law and order in your country , also deportations , instead of not doing anything because doing something is racist . 
  pretty interesting that this wave of terror attacks only started after the refugees arrived . 
  without immigration there would be no muslims in sweden , that stops radicalisation for example . 
  sweden is also taking in isis soldiers and giving them money because they want to `` fix '' them . 
  of course they benefit because people are waking up and pulling their heads out of their asses , what i meant was that everytime there is a terror attack everyone is like `` reee it 's very sad and all but do n't judge and do n't talk about it because muh right wing nationalists '', 
  and it does so for a reason . 
  the anti-immigration people are right , and the leftists are just burying their heads in the sand .
