  also these minority rights are not respected ( well , most of them ) , a law student friend of mine is actually conducting a research into this , satu mare is like 50 % hungarian , but people do n't speak hungarian in most of the public administration offices , the hospital , usually you ca n't even speak hungarian when you emergency dial . 
  we are opressed , because laws/rights do n't mean shit when they are not respected and the population does n't care . 
   hungary should not be the one to talk . 
  sure , that 's shitty , but hungary is not ridden of corruption either . 
  and the fact that the hungarian government comes in our country to advocate for hate so that udmr gets support in the election ... well , that says a lot about it . 
  i never experienced the blatant amount of ridiculous corruption here like i did in romania . 
  our corruption is pretty much large-scale and only includes people at the top/oligarchs , while in romania literally everything is ridden by corurption from my experiences , from the top to the bottom . 
  and how is the hungarian government calling for hungarians to vote for udmr hateful ? 
   always openly hostile ? 
  lol . 
  alright , i 'll bite it . 
  where ? 
   whenever there is a discussion about hungary/hungarians . 
  some days ago someone posted a linguistic map or something from the former kingdom of hungary , and a guy got upvoted for calling out language `` limba de cacat '' . 
   look harder . 
  i do n't know about the hungarian sub , i do n't speak hungarian , but i 've had enough hungarians calling me a gypsy that stole their land or whatever . 
  turkey and hungary are really the only countries still living in the past . 
  there are stupid people in every country , just because some idiot from / pol / called you a gypsy does n't mean that we are generally hostile on the internet , i 've been called a mongol and a bozgor several times too . 
  you are also blowing this trianon thing out of proportion . 
  no one said that we want to reverse trianon , and no one thinks of it as a remote possibility either , not even jobbik . 
  you make it sound like we circlejerk all day about trianon and we are working on reconquering transylvania , while in reality no one fucking cares except some delusional far-right idiots . 
  udmr does n't openly want autonomy though , that 's one of the reasons a lot of hungarians dislike them , especially the more nationalist people really hate them . 
  i dislike them too , that 's why i 'm probably voting usr . 
  they never did a terrorist attack , they allegedly planned so once . 
  that 's not enough for calling them a terrorist organization . 
  talking shit about other countries or about your own country 's citizens are two different things . 
  romanians can talk shit about hungary all they want , but demonizing the minorities , creating conflict , and indoctrinate romanians to hate them is very shitty , we are not that different and could live together in peace and cooperation , but making us the bad guys and then talking shit about us is an easier way to get votes than not being corrupt and having decent policies . 
  also , if we exclude the politicians , i read / r/romania sometimes and they are always openly hostile against hungarians , while i 've never seen hate towards romanians on our sub , even when basescu said that romania should stretch until the tisza , the people on / r/hungary just said that he 's dumb and irrelevant and there was no hate at all . 
  if it happened the other way around though ... 
  the race between the romanian candidates in my town is `` who can talk more shit about hungarians ? 
  '' , that 's the only thing voters care about . 
  also jobbik is not funding hvim , and they are not a terrorist organization . 
  is n't a pnl-usr-udmr coalition possible ? 
  as someone who has lived 18 years in romania : you do n't need a nationalist/populist party because psd ( now also alde ) fills that gap . 
  their party members spewed so many nationalistic and xenophobic bullshit that even jobbik is nothing in comparison . 
  i do n't know about the rest of the country , but that 's the case in satu mare . 
  better burgers , worse fries, 
  people who do this probably have bad intentions so we shouldnt even consider them refugees, 
  if you think that we are the same category as turkey then you do n't know shit about hungary, 
  but if you 're a journalist for a reputable media outlet , you should take 5 minutes to research the romanian political climate if you 're writing an article about it . 
  i love how soros is described as a saint , and everyone who dislikes him is a fringe nationalist . 
  the romanian alde is just corrupt rejects and convicted felons , most of them ex-psd , they have no ideology outside of stealing as much as they can , they are also populists and nationalists , which is pretty fucking far from eu alde . 
  the alde candidate in my city spends his entire day spamming racist shit and anti-hungarian remarks on facebook , which is pretty funny because he 's ethnically mostly hungarian , but he keeps it in secret and poses as a nationalist romanian . 
  yo soros , i 'm gon na go to the embassy and vote usr on sunday , can you gim me some beer money pretty please ? 
  the fact that there are westerners who think psd/alde are good is so ridiculous . 
  they are in bed with the orthodox church , only the dumbest of the dumb vote for them , half of their members are convicted corrupt felon idiots , they fuck up and steal everything they can get their hands on , the amount of corruption going on in that party is just unmatched in the entire first world ( and i say that as someone who is governed by fidesz ) . 
  they just nominated a guy in vaslui for the parliamentary elections who is convicted of fucking rape . 
  it just blows my mind that they still have a chance . 
  if they get elected , romania is fucked . 
  it tells a lot about the pro-eu media that they would endorse a party like this just because they 're pro-eu , no wonder euroscepticism is rising . 
  the conspiracies about soros funding crazy social justice movements/parties/ngo-s is actually plausible because there are a lot of precedents , but in romania 's case i ca n't understand why would he fund pnl/usr , it seems like a really dumb theory , i just ca n't wrap my head around it . 
  the fact that there are people who upvote you makes me feel sick , these opinions are more damaging than neonazi ones . 
  we are truly fucked, 
  i am aware , and i 'm also aware that a shift to real communism is impossible because some people will always take advantage of others , just like they did in the eastern block . 
  capitalism is not perfect but you pulled that number out of your ass . 
  how did capitalism kill that many people ? 
  democratic countries very rarely showed aggressive expansionism and killed dissidents , it mostly is the usa who fucks shit up , and i hate them a lot for it , they are as bad as russia , but we hold them to double standards because sadly we somewhat rely on the us and they have too much cultural and financial influence on us . 
  also the fact that most current communists are stalin apologists and disturbed idiots hurt their reputation a lot . 
  there 's a reason real communism never happened on a large scale : because it 's impossible . 
  some people will always get advantage of the masses and the whole system goes to shit , it 's because of human nature . 
  outside of some small isolated rural areas , communism is not possible . 
  and i 'm pretty glad it isnt , tbh, 
  maybe the reason for this is that `` real '' communism is impossible and utopistic . 
  that 's pretty ironic because communism fucked up the entire eastern europe , russia , former ussr countries , some parts of latin america and most of asia for decades and it cost more than a hundred million of lives , fascism is nothing compared to it . 
  go hofer, 
  she 's so fucking hot tho, 
  oh , sorry , i misred it :d i thought you are in moldova, 
  i graduated high school so yeah, 
  how did you end up there as an ethnic hungarian from transylvania ? 
  where do you live ? 
  it 's actually snowing right now , first time i see snow this winter :d, 
  i live in budapest , but i 'm in satu mare right now , 
  as far as i know my dad was 100 % romanian from maramures . 
  he was a poet/writer/journalist , he owned a newspaper , was an anticommunist activist and even saved a couple of hungarian lives . 
  my grandmother was a hungarian noble from bihor and my grandpa was a szekler from borsec , he was kind of an adventurer and fought in ww2 . 
  i 'm from satu mare too , 
  yes . 
  i was born in romania and lived there for 18 years too , 
  i 'm 50-50 too : o , turned out to be hungarian tho, 
  orban and tsipras , really ? 
  thinking that putin had any role in orban getting elected is the leftist equivalent of tinfoil chemtrail idiots . 
  and about le pen . . fn got a loan from russia because domestic banks did n't give them one . 
  they had no role in brexit . 
  and fearing that russia will invade estonia does not mean that they tried or want to . 
  if not anything else , the pressure from world conflict in the 30 's and the possibility of ww2 would 've got them to reform and industrialize . 
  i 'm pretty sure the russian empire would 've caught up to the world even without a soviet revolution . 
  also , you can have a revolution and make reforms without turning communist . 
  please elect him and at least he 'll be gone from the ep, 
  when did russia try to expand into the eu and when did they interfere in our elections ? 
  the first is true , the second is not , the third ... meh . 
  in romania i paid 3 euros for unlimited 4g, 
  yes , and they are trying to frame orban as a putin puppet while they are puppets of the eu/usa/bankers, 
  i kind of agree with this , but the main point is the lack of alternatives . 
  the `` socialists '' ( a.k.a pseudosocialist metropolitan neoliberal sellouts ) are/were even worse imo , and if they ever get elected i 'm moving away from this country . 
  instead of blaming fidesz we should blame the smartasses who think that they know what should be done but instead of trying to meddle in politics they just do n't care or move to another country . 
  also , the point when we fell behind our neighbors was under the socialist government , and there are probably nonpolitical reasons for this too . 
  i used to live in romania and our corruption and our shitty politicians are nothing compared to what i 've experienced in that country , that 's why i moved away as soon as i could . 
  the biggest party is literally made out of shameless criminals and opportunists , backed by the retarded orthodox church and only the stupidest of the stupid vote for them and they still win elections . 
  a pretty big reason for this is how the retards who got in power after the fall of communism ( khm social democrats ) handled privatization . 
  i live in budapest , and we do have a lot of homeless people , and they are mostly old and living in metro stations .
