  incredibly smart *, 
  do n't start with the `` nationalists benefit from terror '' leftist bullshit terrorism apologist meme again . 
  how did you do it ? 
  reeee downvote the truth, 
  this is the exact same comment i posted yesterday and i got downvoted into oblivion , what is this sorcery ? 
  no , we fortunately do n't have feminism , gender , immigration , queer theory , islamism etc. 
  courses at any other university . 
  because this is a cancer for every society , it 's the definition of degeneracy . 
  it 's not education , it 's brainwashing by far-left ideologues . 
  https://courses.ceu.edu/courses/gendered-memories-holocaust https://courses.ceu.edu/courses/queer-theory https://courses.ceu.edu/courses/gender-and-migration-local-national-and-global-lives https://courses.ceu.edu/courses/communism-and-gender-historical-and-global-perspectives https://courses.ceu.edu/courses/introduction-feminist-literary-studies https://courses.ceu.edu/courses/preserving-and-interpreting-knowledges-past-and-promoting-social-justice https://courses.ceu.edu/courses/islamic-feminism-historical-perspective https://courses.ceu.edu/courses/transnational-migration https://courses.ceu.edu/courses/other-immigrant-integration-policy-and-practice-north-america-and-europe https://courses.ceu.edu/courses/minority-rights-migrants-and-cosmopolitan-challenge these are the courses they teach . 
  good riddance . 
  yeah that was my point , i 'm pretty sure most erasmus students are chill since why the fuck would you move to another country just to act like an ass, 
  that 's funny since all the turkish exchange students i met so far were pretty nice people , same for north africans . 
  the most cancerous people i met were the germans . 
  well almost a third of our population lives in the budapest metropolitan area so it 's pretty understandable, 
  yay we beat bucharest and prague !, 
  i 'm getting flashbacks from the romanian history textbook , a.k.a. 
  i ca n't imagine why, 
  they will start sieging our border fence again and when the police will be forced to use tear gas all of western europe will be like `` reeeeeeee nazis '' . 
  i think reality tv and dating shows are cancer everywhere, 
  netflix is pretty garbage in most of europe tbh, 
  i guess that 's how people cope with not even trying . 
  like meeting a cute girl , being too afraid to ask her out , and then going `` she would 've declined anyways '' . 
  spam tastes like an ape 's butthole, 
  yeah these are at least creative and non-hypocritical, 
  that 's like 1.4 million too much though, 
  as soon as i read drumpf i click the downvote button, 
  pretty much . 
  personally i usually consider green party voters idiots , but i wo n't downvote them and publicly call them idiots without having a debate , trying to explain why , or listening to their opinions . 
  20 , why ? 
  tbf we dicked the habsburgs , but we got gangbanged by their `` allies '' . 
  u wot m8, 
  how is having a different opinion `` acting like a dumbass '' ? 
  i hope this arrogance will get mlp elected just like it got trump elected . 
  we need refugees because they have danker memes !, 
  i feel more connection to slavs than the balkans tbh, 
  i said sometimes . 
  it 's pretty rare but it happens, 
  do you think these people care about vaccinating their children ? 
  they make dozens of them for social benefits , then they do n't care about them/send them out to beg or steal . 
  sometimes they fuck up their kids on purpose because you get more benefits for disabled children and it 's easier to beg that way . 
  when the parents have no sense of responsibility , there 's little the government can do . 
  hell sometimes they give birth at home and they do n't even report it so their children do n't even exist in a legal sense . 
  well i guess this is kind of a legal grey area in some countries , because making it illegal is debatable . 
  shark attack, 
  o-orange-kun ... 
  dat smiling guy tho, 
  well our 2018 elections are set in stone imo , but the vote for tusk signals that fidesz is open for cooperation , their hardline anti-eu act is more of a publicity stunt in order to seem strong and get votes . 
  i do n't think they will dissent a lot about non-immigration topics . 
  so ... are we still living under communism ? 
  is there a post-communist country where this is not the case ? 
  a lot of arabs are against them too . 
  well as someone who lurked that sub a lot before ctr took over ( the general election campaign ) , i can safely say that 99 % of that sub absolutely hated hillary , even more than trump , and suddenly all of them started worshipping hillary . 
  seems legit, 
  most of the eu funds we get go into infrastructure and expanding businesses . 
  the infrastructure is usually built by foreign ( mostly german ) companies , and most of our larger businesses are also foreign/german owned . 
  they move their factories here so they can pay 5 times less salary than in germany , and make huge profits . 
  they also get huge tax cuts for creating jobs . 
  and i 'm not even going into all the programmers/engineers/doctors who get free education here then move to western europe for higher pay . 
  even gunther oettinger said that germany profits more from the eu than we do . 
  also the eurozone is shit and it 's only good for germany while seriously hurting southern europe and france . 
  it basically hurts every country with a negative trade balance , most notably greece and portugal . 
  as a soon-to-be economist : germany profits more from us than we profit from eu funds . 
  half of them are shills, 
  well after the direction is changed i will support federalization . 
  the direction i want is pragmatism , rationalism , effectiveness , common sense , open european level debate about all issues without taboos and representing the interests of the european people . 
  what we have now is virtue signaling , policies based on ideology , forced political correctness and censorship , mass immigration , identity politics , and looking out for the interests of the financial elites disguised as humanism . 
  the question is way more complex than that . 
  for example , i 'm not against federalization , i just do n't want federalization right now because i do n't agree with the political direction of most of the eu . 
  yes he was n't a saint , i just wanted to point out that the more serious jew killing happened under sz\u00e1lasi , backed by the nazis . 
  is n't wilders ' wife hungarian ? 
  i find the colouring very weird, 
  could he have won the primaries tho ? 
  sounds pretty good , would vote, 
  horthy did n't kill any jews , that 's one of the reasons that we got invaded by nazi germany, 
  menshevik defensist master race represent, 
  and me, 
  heavy immigration boosts gdp in the short term iirc, 
  well then you 're ignorant and you do n't know what you 're talking about, 
  i can feel the european values through your tolerant speech, 
  there 's dozens of them !, 
  i love this far-right backwards shithole without rape gangs , grenade attacks , terrorism and race riots, 
  seems familiar, 
  why do turks support that idiot ? 
  it 's pretty saddening that they are ruining their country . . 
  okay bro , at least there are no muslim gang rapes , grenade attacks and terror attacks in my country , perhaps if we had more of the western european value , we would n't have to miss out on these nice and progressive things while sticking our heads in the sand and ignoring them . 
  yeah we need space for the food and 69th largest town posts , also the 10 opinion polls/day about the upcoming german and french elections, 
  c a s t r a t i o n h e m i c a l, 
  well i voted for them in the last elections after a lot of research , and imo that 's not the case , but i respect your opinion . 
  they are also way more moderate since then , their leader basically kicked all of the extremist members . 
  brutal, 
  well , electing neoliberals wo n't change that, 
  it was more like 1 % iirc, 
  joining the euro is a good idea !, 
  the global economy is so interconnected that this is not really the case . 
  jobbik is not a nazi party . 
  they are running on a right-wing/nationalist/populist and anti-corruption platform , and they do n't want to leave the eu either, 
  there is some truth in this , but it 's waay more complex . 
  it 's the first time i hear about him , but in his video he convinced me that he 's a centrist and he will be neutral so i guess that 's what i meant . 
  an independent journalist named tim pool just traveled to sweden to investigate what 's really going on without any bias , he 's gon na stay for a couple of weeks and make vlogs on youtube every day .
