oh my , you forgot the jews ... 
  yup . 
  there are also the ones who might personally disagree with the act itself , but just because they themselves do n't want to engage in such activities , does n't mean they would like to have them banned . 
  still , the more entrenched they are within their own community , the less likely they are to have a liberal view on this . 
  having lived in the uk for a while now , i 'm conflicted , because i think that british government could do more to assimilate them with the rest of the country , but they are still do way more than belgium , france or even germany . 
  absolutely . 
  i also hate how the recent line of the defense for polish officials is to dismiss the concerns coming from germany , because ` they are the last ones to teach poland about how to govern due to our history ' . 
  quite the opposite . 
  after 1989 , we adopted western democracy system , along with all the principles it entails . 
  they are well within their rights to express concerns that these principles are not adhered to , especially since european union was created with that in mind in the first place . 
  this will accomplish much less than either supporters or critics of new polish government expect it to accomplish . 
  but , being polish myself , at the very least i expect our new government to understand that many of the decisions they made since the elections should have been consulted with the citizens and lawyers . 
  their consistent defense of such actions is that they have a mandate from democratic elections , but somehow i do n't recall crackdown on judicial independence and public media being advertised as part of the program . 
  the insistence that these institutions somehow impede making good on the promises they did make does n't hold water . 
  there 's a reason ` poland can not into space ' meme exists in the first place - a lot of people in poland have problem accepting that we are not , in fact , an international power the nationalists believe we were destined to be . 
  it is actually wise to have some independent investment/development going in this area , at least when it comes to satellites and such , but i do n't think the increase in spending or change of approach will prove to be radical enough to even justify this small conference . 
  the government already needs money in other areas due to expensive social policies and ` space strategy ' will be among the first to be cut when necessary - you wo n't see a press conference then , everyone will be quiet about it . 
  i have very mixed opinion on this . 
  i actually really liked merkel as a leading head of eu during more stable period from a few years back . 
  then the situation got tough and her lack of charisma failed to get co-operation from other eu members , while indecisiveness alienated the ones who were loyal to her . 
  then again - this news is just an example that over the past few months she 's been stepping up her game so i guess time will tell . 
  with clinton it is much simpler for me . 
  she 's a stereotypical , american politician , through and through . 
  i despise everything she stands for , while being completely neutral on her as a person due to how bland she is . 
  if she gets elected , we will have 4 years of george bush style of american foreign policy . 
  i prefer not to think of trump , the fact that he has so much support genuinely terrifies me . 
  what else can you expect from those chavy bastards ? 
  you seem to be confused about what hard brexit means . 
  hard and soft brexit refers to the degree to which uk will cut the ties with the eu , not the ` punishment ' that will be inflicted on uk . 
  moreover , it was uk who was pushing the strongest for hard brexit , with theresa may claiming last week that hard brexit will be uk 's negotiating position from the start . 
  so you are blaming the eu for doing exactly what uk 's prime minister was threatening to do no more than two weeks ago . 
  in reality , british government threatened with hard brexit because they thought eu will try to avoid it and that could give them an upper hand coming into the negotiations . 
  the eu simply said ` if you want to go , the door is that way and nobody is stopping you ' . 
  if france/airbus decide to lower themselves to this level of argument , all they have to do is point out that polish anthem has a line about napoleon leading us by example . 
  it is mainly transport and rescue , although if our minister of defense genuinely believes that russians/terrorists shot down polish plane in 2010 ( im about 50/50 on whether he is that crazy or just that dishonest ) , i would n't rule out anything . 
  i think you misunderstood my post ( or maybe i was n't clear enough , sorry ) . 
  i did n't want to imply that caracals are better than black hawks , but to point out that they would be a worse choice for the type of tasks they were set to perform in the order specification . 
  in other words , yes , they are inferior , in particular tasks . 
  for example , their carrying capacity is smaller and caracal was already stretching the requirements on that front . 
  black hawks are smaller than caracals and therefore unfit for a number of tasks in the specification ( i.e. 
  inferior in performing them ) . 
  just because they have a good reputation , does n't mean they are good at everything , otherwise , why produce caracals , let alone sell them . 
  the fundamental point is that they are a different class of helicopter and that has a number of consequences , does n't matter how many hollywood movies they make about them, 
  the worst part about scrapping the deal is a simple fact that whatever else they choose , it will be inferior to caracals . 
  the french deal was chosen because it was the only one that fit the specs , and both alternatives that are now suggested are not big enough , nor versatile enough for our needs . 
  helicopters have a fairly long lifespan ( at least compared to other air force machinery ) so it pays to go with the best possible option in the long run - whatever we buy , we are going to be stuck with it for a long time . 
  ahh fair enough . 
  to be honest i 've got a blurry memory of the the legal system in france operates . 
  it kind of is . 
  france , as i understand it , has a legal system where it is the judge who is the investigator , not an independent party presenting their findings to the jury . 
  maybe he meant something different though . 
  and if they pay a couple of pounds per hour more then they will go out of business , because uk would become uncompetitive with china an other exporting countries . 
  you seem to be convinced that increasing the min . 
  wage is something that 's going to occur naturally after less polish people work in agriculture . 
  migrants or not , any kind of undercutting in wages could have been easily mitigated by raising the min . 
  wage . 
  there 's a reason why it 's not happening , it would be a disaster in many uk working class industries . 
  not when you loose a job with only # 500 or less in your bank account . 
  soft brexit makes little sense , because it 's essentially like staying in eu , but with a much worse deal . 
  hard brexit is the only logical solution unless you decide to ignore the referendum ( which could technically be done , but nobody will put their career on the line ) . 
  that said , i 'm not sure uk * public * can actually afford hard brexit . 
  the country can afford it , but after years of austerity millions of people in uk have no savings of any description and are woefully unprepared for the butt-f * cking that 's coming their way . 
  the main argument , of course , is a religious one . 
  but i always wondered how do these people justify appointing themselves as the deciders that babies get to live , instead of mothers . 
  must have been on one of the religion classes i missed . 
  i know i would have a much harder time choosing for someone else in a matter of life and death . 
  i think it 's very generous of you to assume that brexiters will turn on those who advocated brexit during referendum . 
  personally , i do n't give them that much credit . 
  from the lads i 've talked to so far , i bet 90 % of them will blame the eu regardless of whether it makes sense . 
  some of them might blame the tory party in general ( probably no boris specifically ) but even then you have to bear in mind the context of how british people vote . 
  i mean those are the same people who complained about austerity for the last 5 years and yet vote conservative , because they want to ` end this ridiculous welfare state ' . 
  is that a promise ? 
  those are about the future of the eu , of which , the british people decided not to be a part of . 
  i imagine that when meetings will be relevant to the current affairs , the uk will be present . 
  however , these meetings are usually to discuss long term plans for the union . 
  i 'm not sure it meets all those pesky eu health and safety regulations though . 
  the only ones who ` misinterpreted ' what he meant were the ones who found it politically valuable to make an issue out of it . 
  it was of no consequence ; everyone knew obama was referring to the geographical location of said camps so you ca n't even call it a grammar error , let alone a ` problem ' . 
  thankfully , now that he can potentially go to prison for it , he will never make a simple mistake again ... 
  in all honestly , this kind of political shift happens every couple of decades . 
  people have had enough of current ruling parties so right now they choose something that , at least on paper , appears radically different . 
  20 years from now , we will have another shift . 
  obviously , with the refugee crisis and shitty outlook on the economy ( talking about the world at large here ) this particular change is a bit more turbulent than in the past . 
  especially in the age where everyone has the latest news at their fingertips with the raise of internet and social media . 
  depends . 
  uk does n't actually manufacture ( from the ground up ) that much , a lot of labour on the island is simply refinement of imported raw materials . 
  considering uk closed down their mines decades ago , it makes sense . 
  try get raw materials from other countries , refine them and then export to the rest of europe . 
  it 's been chugging along for past 3 decades . 
  given the recent shitty price of # , a deal with china could actually prop up a lot of factory jobs that would otherwise be in serious trouble . 
  but it 's also not gon na go great with many of the working classes from north of the country . 
  a lot of groups campaigned to stop any kind of steel import from china . 
  i wonder how the government will spin it if they make the deal . 
  fuck , they really want their empire back , do n't they ? 
  it 's gon na be just like the good old days ... 
  what 's wrong bae ? 
  nothing . 
  everythings fine !, 
  they might be intimidating , but at least they 're direct . 
  they tell you if they have a problem .
