  not only that , you do it s soon after last recession . 
  i do n't know about other cities in uk , but in sheffield we are still not back where we used to be before 2009 , and the working class has not had enough time to gather enough saving to go through another roller coaster . 
  in fact if my father loses his job due to brexit , bear in mind his factory is german subsidiary , we are gon na lose the house cause we wo n't keep up with mortgage payments . 
  i also wonder how many brits would share your particular sentiment if they were better informed on what eu actually does ad how it operates . 
  i still remember when i was in 6th form and one of my mates was reading metro or daily mail newspaper on our way to school . 
  there was a front page article about the troubles in greece . 
  he proceeded to go on a rant how disgraceful eu 's treatment of greece was . 
  i was completely baffled by his reaction because as far as germany , poland and france and other members were concerned , greece has brought the problems into themselves by deliberatelyying about the state of their economy . 
  so here is my friend saying that eu is evil and should go and fuck themselves for what they did to greece ( and he was a smart guy , went off to uni to study architecture ) . 
  meanwhile , i am thinking to myself that greece should not only not receive any help but we should seriously consider kicking them out so they do n't drag anyone else with them . 
  so i mentioned to him that at the very least greece should be excluded from eurozone until they sort their economy out . 
  he then proceeded to rant how uk should also leave the eurozone ... 
  i do n't want to suggest that your particular views are affected by ignorance of this magnitude , in fact you seem pretty knowledgable , but this guy was n't stupid yet he chose to be completely ignorant of what eu is and how it operates . 
  i wonder if the popular anti eu sentiment would hold up if uk citizens were more knowledgable about the topic in general . 
  some people i work with genuinely think it 's a fact that uk will be better out , not something that will have to be tested in practice . 
  hell , they were looking at me as if i was insane when i said that i am legitimately scared of how hard the recession will hit . 
  they were convinced any talk of economic impact was an eu propaganda spread because they need uk 's money ... edit : apologies for spelling , written from a phone , made some corrections to be clearer, 
  as a polish person who lived in uk for almost 10 years - brexiters would be downvoted even if it was n't a reddit hive mind . 
  i have been exposed to variety of views on eu from germans , french , polish etc. 
  here 's the thing - other countries of eu will almost never agree with brexiters on anything because your position seems flat out dilussional . 
  for the past two decades we 've been watching how uk is granted special privileges , opt outs and deals in uk while complaining that eu does n't like you . 
  with all due respect , watching the reaction of uk to brexit has been fucking hilarious and most annoying thing that happened this year . 
  if it was n't for the fact that i was currently saving money for a masters degree , i would grab popcorn and watch this ship burn . 
  as it stands i am currently employed in a german factory in sheffield , i know that i 'm the first in line to get fired and wo n't be able to afford further education just like majority of the working class guys ( brits ) who share my position . 
  that might something to do with the shut fest that is currently happening . 
  i can promise you that a lot of brits here downvote any brexit comment they can find, 
  i 'm not sure that pig voted for cameron , but it still got fucked , 
  remember 2008 recession ? 
  yeah , pretty much sure in short term . 
  in long run , nobody knows . 
  thats great news since you gon na have to compensate for poland soon enough : /, 
  i 'm pretty sure that uk government ( or one of its institutions ) stated at the beginning of the year that they are engaged in propaganda war with russian media , so there 's no love there . 
  especially considering how the russians tried influence the scottish independence referendum couple of years back . 
  well , the idea that they are ` independent ' was always technically there ( with a bigger or lesser success , depending on the governing party ) , but our current government had a brilliant idea to get rid off the safety checks and appoint their previous mp , a known propagandist , as the head of the organisation . 
  then you have a good idea of what it is , generally speaking . 
  the only difference being is that rt is run by kgb and tvp is run by idiots . 
  absolutely . 
  it is only prudent to stop getting our finance from undemocratic eu that consistently tries to undermine our sovereignty !, 
  in all seriousness though , i could imagine mob justice becoming a real threat if they caused ( voluntarily or otherwise ) something like that . 
  our government insists that he did not remain ` neutral ' towards polish government ( he criticised them over impeding work of constitutional tribunal etc. ) . 
  in practise , neutrality is assumed to prevent favouritism towards countries of origin , not criticisms . 
  keep in mind that tusk himself was rather reserved in his reprimands too . 
  plenty of other eu officials expressed their worries and continue to have more active role in addressing the worrying attempts at undermining separation of powers . 
  every single pm/government official declared their support publicly . 
  honestly , with odds like that , i just do n't understand the narrative our government is pushing . 
  ` strength won over principles ' or whatever our pm is babbling on about . 
  what principles is she referring to ? 
  that everyone has to go with what she 's saying , just because she 's likely to throw a tantrum otherwise ? 
  even in a family , you learn to put up with what is best for the majority , not for individuals . 
  when you 're eating a dinner , the only ones whining about not liking vegetables are children , which is exactly how polish government is coming across right now . 
  everyone will be united , alright . 
  it 's poland that will sulk in a corner whining about bad eu . 
  uk have n't left yet , but pis is already looking up the spot of ` that one country ' in the eu . 
  it 's irritating , because the ` need for neutrality ' ( which is part of the argument of why the government does n't want to support him ) was set in place to prevent heads of eu structures from favouring their own countries - nowhere was it said that they are not allowed to criticise them , or anyone else for that matter . 
  another problem with using it as an argument is that pis throughout his time holding the office always accused him of not using the position for poland 's benefit , making it weirdly hypocritical and out of place . 
  it 's either one way , or another , but pis uses our foreign policy politics purely for domestic policies so people should not be surprised that they change opinions every week . 
  funny that the thumbnail is candice swanepoel ( south africa ) then . 
  not that i mind . 
  i realise the problem wo n't go away just because this proposal is implemented . 
  it would have to be done with the backing of an intervention outside the eu borders , however , it would be a first step to curbing the problem and stabilising eu . 
  this sounds like a very reasonable idea ( have n't read in detail tho ) . 
  it would force angela merkel to revise her stance . 
  it would certainly help eu stability if anything . 
  the guy has spent the last 15 years playing the bush and obama administration as if he was toying with children . 
  i recently listened to sam harris 's podcast with gary kasparov and it has been very illuminating on how putin ingrained himself into worldwide politics . 
  please stop . 
  you seem to fundamentally misunderstand the development part of ` research & development ' . 
  creating and applying prototypes in real environment is integral part of furthering any technology , because it allows r&d to test their tech against factors that can not be replicated in the lab or simply do not occur to the researchers behind the desk . 
  you said yourself that they should not hope for a miracle . 
  you know how you make sure hoping for miracles does n't happen ? 
  you test it . 
  iteration is a standard building block not just in improving tech that already exists , but discovering new tech . 
  well if that 's your ` argument ' against what i said then why even get into discussion in the first place ? 
  just say you like pis more than the others and be done with pretending that they are superior choice . 
  oh yeah , having pharmacist assistants working in ministry of defense is completely normal . 
  totally not ` stealing ' taxes that ought to be paid for people who got there on merit , as opposed to people who have connections . 
  everyone is a traitor in that little man 's eyes . 
  the monopoly on patriotism and deciding moral rights and wrongs is limited to those who acknowledge the victimisation of the ruling party by foreign ( read : anyone but pis ) forces . 
  right now they are still riding the wave of populism that helped them to win the election after voters got tired of the complacency of the previous government . 
  however , as they continue to label more and more people as ` not polish enough ' in their opinions , their support will fall eventually . 
  last time they were in power , their government lasted only 2 years and there is already bickering within the party that makes me hopeful . 
  i like them , but despite huge support , they are still a little over 1 year old and it will take years to build political structure for them to influence the country outside of the parliament . 
  still , i 'm glad that they are part of the political discourse , they present views that allowed po to win 2 previous elections while possibly being less lazy in implementing the policies . 
  yeah , but as you can see from your citation , he 's a student of balcerowicz , a known enemy of the state , as labelled by kaczynski himself . 
  this is such a hypocritical stance to take on 13th of december , especially in the light of their mp piotrowicz 's past , a man who was prosecuting opposition before 1989 ... 
  our minister of justice on the cover , no less . 
  ` good change ' , my ass . 
  to think that the cunts got into the government on the slogans of everyone else being corrupt and greedy ... 
  i think so far , they 've woken up to the stupidity of populism of trump and farage more than anything else . 
  van der rohe made me fall in love with modernism . 
  his designs have a ` living ' quality to them . 
  many people say that modernist architecture lacks soul , but you could never say that about rohe 's designs . 
  i 'm currently ( and before uni ) live in sheffield . 
  lincoln is in another league as far as i 'm concerned . 
  lived there for 3 years ( my brother still does ) while studying . 
  my graduation ceremony was held inside . 
  believe me it looks even more impressive from up close . 
  boys , we 've got a starbucks barista with a degree right here  / s, 
  do n't you just love it when british rags write about themselves in a 3rd person ? 
  true , but only an idiot would n't notice that when we talk about a conflict between an independent state and a terrorist organisation like hamas , the ` everyone is at fault ' argument sounds quite hollow .
