  with british gals i always have to use my jedi mind reading skills . 
  clearly , it is n't your friend , 1.2 bn is not even a half of 3bn . 
  holy fuck , where do you take those figures from ? 
  are you really taking those seriously ? 
  hmm ... 
  is n't that something they can potentially do after filing article 50 ? 
  hell , technically , even after the article is filed , they have to obey the eu laws and regulations until officially out . 
  this seems like a very cheap way to get some support that is inevitably going to backfire , once people realise it 's a blatant lie or uninformed opinion . 
  who suggested that canadians would actually want to do eu deals ? 
  you 're conflating two different issues . 
  many eu members would n't oppose including canada in the eu deals . 
  uk was n't trying to make an eu-usa deal , it was doing a uk-usa deal , that 's hardly something that would be viewed in a positive light . 
  if anything , it shows how uk always tried to step outside of eu while still being in eu . 
  being from eastern poland myself , i imagine the reason for companies deciding not to do so is lack of skilled labour . 
  even today , this region is primarily agricultural zone of the country and when companies look for access to human resources , they almost always choose west , where they can get unemployed miners and shipyard workers , both of whom usually are better educated in manufacturing business overall . 
  you expected him to show polish president a middle finger and and call him a communist or a thief ? 
  this is a completely different level of diplomacy , one that is quite beyond ` our new leaders ' . 
  he did n't , he referred to their location . 
  in which case , it was an accurate statement , if unfortunate for its phrasing . 
  it 's part of british culture , hand to explain ... 
  it honestly depends . 
  we are n't talking about straight up deportation here , just the general regulations and convenience of those who stay in foreign countries . 
  for example , currently eu citizens in uk are entitled to translators when they visit their doctors , this could shift to ` you can have a translator , but at an additional expense ' . 
  yeah , i am sad to say that many polish people living in uk were equally naive during the campaign leading up to the referendum . 
  eu citizens were always a strong negotiating point post brexit . 
  when cameron expressed the commitment to keeping things the same for current residents he simply highlighted that uk is willing to negotiate the terms and conditions . 
  nothing is set in stone until the negotiations are over and in this particular case they have n't even started . 
  every politician understands that eu residents in uk are the strongest ( some could argue the only ) bargaining argument . 
  most of them understand however that using people as some weird ass hostages is going to piss everyone off and give further legitimacy to raising hostility towards migrants in the uk . 
  i wish i could disagree . 
  my boss is n't german and does n't actually own the place , he 's simply hired by the german family that has a shitton of money and owns the business . 
  even if the factory could be making money , it would still be barely noticeable to them , so they are ok with the status quo . 
  as long as they 're not losing any money , they are ok with just breaking even . 
  they would have to invest millions to see any kind of return so it makes sense to just hold onto the land and property , the people working in factory obviously maintain premises . 
  i did not suggest that every single person who voted for brexit was misinformed or that every single working class person , hell , that includes me , was deluded . 
  there were plenty of people who voted just because they wanted to stick it to cameron , waggle a finger at eu , wanted to see the shitshow or simply voted leave becaus they are not on with status quo , but do n't believe it can get any worse . 
  i was simply countering the notion that the working class are somehow above the criticism on this particular issue . 
  i 'm not even saying if they were n't ignorant and deluded they would vote other way , i 'm saying they voted to leave without understanding why they vote that way or how it 's going to affect them . 
  the funny thing is that uk was making a very strong push after 2008 for germany to take greater role in eu ( they simply wanted to make sure germany will be bailing out the failing economies of torhe members ) . 
  begrudgingly germany accepted that state of affairs and just a few years later everyone 's pissed off , just like many predicted , that germans have such a strong position within eu ... 
  actually it 's right on the money . 
  after graduating from uni i got a job at a factory so i could save some money and get a masters degree year later . 
  our factory is german owned . 
  we do n't event make money , barely break even every year , but the german family that runs this shit can afford it so they were thinking ` hey at least we give people a bloody job , let 's not change that until it costs us ' . 
  according to my boss i was the only person who actually came to talk to him about the brexit and if it 's going to affect us . 
  hell , half the fuckwits i 'm having a smoke with during launch time thought they were getting a pay increase because uk no longer has to pay money to evil eu so all the dosh stays in their english country to be used by english people not those evil germans ... 
  i 've seen a lot of apologists lately saying that the working class knew what they were doing . 
  they actually do n't even know shit about what their own government does let alone how the eu operates and what 's going to happen next . 
  there 's a couple of smarter guys who are trying to keep their heads down cause you just know that people will have a go at you if you say you did n't want to make uk great again . 
  edit : before someone accuses me of looking down on working class , which seems to be weird anyway how fucking glorified they are since the referendum , i am working class . 
  my family always has been . 
  rhats probably why i do n't glorify them in any way , i do n't have this retarded middle class white guilt that pretty much everyone of my mates has expressed over the last week . 
  that 's how it was reported , but if he did refuse , she would not be meeting another eu official the next day . 
  i imagine that eu probably decided that juncker 's position is better for the sort of talks she might want to have . 
  uk is a monarchy . 
  there are institutions with hereditary positions , like in the house of lords . 
  i do n't have that much of a problem with it , but if i were to apply the same scrutiny as those shouting ` eu is undemocratic ' then i would have to assume uk is a dictatorship . 
  wow i honestly did n't expect the government to pull away from echr as soon as they have an opportunity . 
  i suppose saying ` fuck all those pesky environmental and ethical regulations ' is the only way to have a hope of getting out of recession in a reasonable time . 
  conservatives may want to shit on echr to score some brownie points with euroskeptics like they 've always done , but most of them do n't want to leave eu . 
  eu members are bound by echr by member agreements . 
  people who are more interested in ideologies or hard lines instead of calculated and balanced pragmatism would probably score of the charts on some kind of sociopathy meter . 
  regardless of whether they 're right or left leaning . 
  it one of those things that i found so tragically hilarious about the referendum . 
  i know at least two special middle class snowflakes that were shitting on david cameron for years because he did n't do enough to stop environmental damage . 
  both of them are vegans because they love animals so much they ca n't stand the thought of eating meat , one of them even has a youtube channel about animals and how cute they are . 
  they both voted ukip in last election and supported leave in referendum . 
  even though they have almost weekly updates on how horrible conservatives are because they do n't want to abolish hunting or help with waste produced in uk ... 
  i would be fine with vote leave if people were n't so misguided and inconsistent in their principles . 
  so many people just stuck fingers in their ears and decided to listen to what they already believed . 
  it 's fucking sad . 
  that 's because they can still blame the eu for it . 
  having an easy scapegoat allowed uk politicians of all parties perform incredible mental gymnastics and after decades of such behaviour it 's no wonder people bought into it . 
  to be fair , our current prime minister is known for fucking a dead pig . 
  depending on where you sit it 's not the worst rep you can have . 
  to be clear , just because voting to leave eu was a bit idealistic rather than pragmatic in my view does n't mean i view it as naive . 
  i think it 's hard to explain that in a text based comment , because when i use words like ideology or idealism people naturally gravitate to interpretation that my view of the ideological difference between brits and eu must be derogatory . 
  thanks for having a nice conversation btw , it 's refreshing to have a discussion on this topic . 
  what i will say is that , as much as i do n't like this political shift , i would have a lot less of a problem if it happened a few years later when the working class was able to gather some kind of savings . 
  we have n't even fully recovered from 2008/9 and we are getting fucked again . 
  on top of that i 'm a person in early twenties with barely any work experience . 
  judging by my studies of economy at uni , there 's no reason to believe that my demographic ( young , working class background ) is n't going to be shafted for the rest of our fucking lives , it happened every time recession hit . 
  as for the work environment at work - they might be woefully misinformed on a number of issues , but we still get along alright , so far no animosity whatsoever . 
  it 's funny every brexiter has argued with me when i told him that the biggest political , financial and economic chaos in the last 30 years will lead to recession . 
  they were so quick to point out that i 'm wrong ... 
  i do n't know , from what the brits in sheffield told me , they are making britain great again . 
  surely that means coming back to the good old days . 
  i appreciate your position , it sounds very reasonable compared to the brainwashed masses i 've talked to in sheffield over the last few weeks , most of whom take an approach of ` make britain great again ' . 
  personally , i think british people would have a lot less of a problem with eu if their government actually tackled the issues the country was facing for example exploitative attitude of some of the disgraceful eu immigrants who came to uk just to freeload on benefits . 
  it could have been sorted out more effectively if anyone tried . 
  what happened instead , the uk politicians ( of all parties ) have almost intentionally allowed the issue to grow instead of fixing it , because it was a useful topic to argue about and raly up support of their voters . 
  another problem was a massive cultural shift of britain that happened due to muslim immigration ( nothing to do with eu , muslims did n't come from islamic poland or czech republic , but it got dumped along side with the issue , a lot of brits seem to be convinced that leaving eu stops immigration from pakistan ... ) . 
  rather than investigate the issue of radicalisation and cultural shift , for more than a decade , politicians used the problem to argue who the racists are and who are the real brits . 
  meanwhile , a large amount of incompetence was blamed on the evil that is eu so that politicians could go on without actually solving the issues . 
  i also understand your philosophical/ideological doubts with regards to democracy . 
  this seems to be a fundamental difference in the way in which uk and other members of eu view integration that happened over the course of last 3 decades . 
  i am by no means trying to imply that your view on democracy is in any way misguided , it 's just that other eu members take a pragmatic approach to shared economy above somewhat idealistic ideas of being independent . 
  your point is entirely valid though from the way british people think about eu . 
  that 's kind of why the move to leave eu is such a bizzare thing for example for germans and poland . 
  uk has consciously made the decision to be economically worse off and renew their commitment to independence on the off chance that 10-15 years from now , the country ** might ** be better than if it stayed in eu .
