vivia en cd . 
  i once fell in love really bad with a girl and could smell her natural scent too , even when she was not around . 
  it has only happened to me with that one girl and no one else . 
  pcel en general es caro . 
  what about `` mexico '' ? 
  this is the correct answer, 
   facebook, 
  overwatch ? 
  en serio ? 
  i would n't be so hopeful, 
  username checks out, 
  i have sex with sexworkers at least once a month , from my point of view , is just as expensive as inviting a girl a few drinks and then pay for a room , and honestly , all i want is the sex it feels good . 
  is one of my darkest secrets , absolutely no one knows and will never know . 
  osea un jueves normal en cd . 
  those lego games have cooperative mode , do n't they ? 
  there are other games that support local coop you guys might enjoy such as overcooked , i believe steam has a filter option to look for them . 
  i almost made the mistake of buying a gaming laptop . 
  compared the price of one ( hp omen ) and a list of parts needed for a pc and to my surprise i could build something so much better in terms of performance with that amount of money . 
  it also helped that some parts are manufactured here in mexico so they were not that expensive . 
  i always thought mobility should be taken into account , but then , after a conversation with a friend , he made me realize that most likely i will never go around with a 20k mxn laptop , especially in this country . 
  yes , it was a scary situation trying to build that thing the first time , but with the right tutorials and help it turned out that it was not really that difficult, 
  happy birthday , 
  the rat race . 
  no matter how hard i try , i ca n't escape from it . 
  i do n't know , this might be too interesting for this sub, 
  half way through reading the reddit museum of filth . 
  one step at the time, 
  do you think it will include clone wars era ? 
  it 's the same thing, 
  my man, 
  bronco ftw, 
  not in this timeline, 
  i always thought it was a common practice in the us , it happens in absolutely every show, 
  metallica . 
  first and best concert i 've ever attended, 
  here in mexico 10 hour shifts and 2 hours total commute are pretty much the norm . 
  i still ca n't understand how people get used to it, 
  ** triggered **, 
  hello , it 's me , your long lost son !, 
  they took ` er jobs !, 
  i did n't know listening to nightwish was a bad thing, 
  if you do , please let us know !, 
  there is a free online ygo game . 
  i used to play it often , i think it was called duelist network or something like that . 
  you should check it out, 
  i loved that game , i still listen to the soundtrack just for the feels . 
  good ol' donald, 
  here in latin america is more common to refer to it as `` nuclear '' family than `` immediate '' . 
  though , both of the are correct . 
  this happened to me at the time while i was still playing portal . 
  you do actually start `` thinking in portals '', 
  juarez city in not nearly as dangerous as the media portrays it . 
  i would not recommend visiting it because it 's quite boring in there , but yeah do n't trust everything you read/watch on the news . 
  kim possible . 
  nunca has leido la revista entrepreneur ? 
  `` if we fail , we 'll take the next chance , and the next , until we win , or the chances are spent '', 
  does this still works today ? 
  the real mvp, 
  cat . 
  cat . 
  escaping from your country is not going solve any of your problems . 
  you need to get professional help, 
  no one has ever had a crush on me, 
  yes , and also pc, 
  that is awesome !, 
  225 , thanks for doing this, 
  as far i as know the `` bad '' ending ( or maybe you can call it `` normal '' ending ) is the canon one . 
  there is also a `` good '' ending but is really hard to get . 
  i simply watched it on youtube since i was n't going to play it again . 
  i wanted to play last light inmediately, 
  both, 
  investopedia.com has a good newsletter that gets delivered in to your email daily, 
  came for this comment, 
  that actually sounds awesome, 
  - les ha hablado dross . 
  soon human with human relationships will become obsolete, 
  fierro pariente, 
  good bot, 
  jaja . 
  se lee interesante . 
  shut up and take my cv, 
  en facebook ? 
  te falto disputazo politico . 
  * bronco ftw *, 
  what hardware do you use for mining zcash and etherium ? 
  who 's a good bot ? 
  500 mbps master race . 
  you might find something usuful in compartodepa.com.mx or dadaroom.com . 
  good luck !, 
  link del video ? 
  they took ` er jobs !, 
  `` hold my beer ... 
  til, 
  they took ` er jobs !, 
  good bot, 
  got ta support mexican bots, 
  i 'm 26 and have been single for 7 years . 
  honestly , i could not image my life other way . 
  i like to keep things simple, 
  so pretty much like human football,
