yeah , but you personally are n't . 
  and you personally ca n't . 
  i 'd say you 're quite irrelevant to my perspective . 
  you are irrelevant to my perspective . 
  go away . 
  what the fuck ? 
  if france closes its borders , luxembourgh , beglium , and the netherlands wo n't have to close theirs anymore . 
  kind of sweet i guess ? 
  well okay , overthrowing stuff might not be the best course of action , but eventually you 're going to have to stop saudis funding terrorism . 
  how is the great big question . 
  freeze the rich guys ' bank accounts , assassinate a couple of leader people , bomb the tourist places , take the oil fields , and shwazam : no more saudi funding for terrorists . 
  well that was fast . 
  well you commonwealthers give us new amsterdam back then . 
  i find it ironic that in the past germany made a mess of things because they hated some people , and now they 're making a mess of things because they 're kind to some people . 
  i 'm really feeling that these people are abusing a shitty situation . 
  best of luck up there . 
  what the hell is wrong with denmark ? 
  well then . 
  pvda is , pardon my language , sucking vvd dick . 
  it does n't even come across as left anymore . 
  it 's alienating all of its voters and the right wing is just laughing its ass off . 
  d66 then is vvd light . 
  which is also right , albeit less right . 
  sp does n't have enough voters to * really * make a difference . 
  and i doooo n't think the migrant crisis will really help it grow . 
  then there 's the pvv , which i 'm glad burned a lot of its influence a few years back . 
  but geert 's been quiet for an awful long time now , and i would n't nearly be surprised to see him saddling up the old war pony again in the near future . 
  and as much as i dislike the general right wing train of thought , i think it 's better to not just let every immigrant and his iphone into europe without even slightly thinking of the long term consequences . 
  the left is generally fine , so as long as it keeps its head in the game , does n't act solely on emotions , and does n't dig its own grave . 
  i 'm not blaming the right wing . 
  i 'm afraid of the right wing . 
  there 's a subtle difference . 
  yes , definitely . 
  and people can call me a racist all they want , but if that 's what they call someone who does n't like seeing nazis walking around europe again then so be it . 
  but think of all the nice weather we 'll have . 
  with this migrant crisis it 's very easy for extreme-right and fascist groups to become popular . 
  with merkel practically fuelling it , it 's even much easier than it already was . 
  because signs will stop an angry herd of tractors . 
  the fucking weather ?? 
  let 's trade , dude . 
  like right now . 
  what you say are you self , serbia  :|, 
  * it 's flawless !, 
  well screw that . 
  we 're going in guns blazing and we 'll take that fucker by force . 
  we 'll sail in with three frigates and * demand * they surrender . 
  well this is fucking outrageous . 
  zwarte piet properly . 
  \u266b clowns to the left of me , jokers to the right ... \u266b, 
  that 's some voc mentality right there !, 
  now _ that 's _ an interesting mutator . 
  i 'm a lot angrier than usual . 
  ~ ~ alright , this is all very bad and nobody should rape anyone . ~ ~ ~ ~ but really , being 14 and 15 and going home with a 21 year old stranger you 've only known briefly is horribly naive and very stupid . ~ ~ ~ ~ again , that said , what kind of awful vile dipshit-fuck takes 14 and 15 year old girls home and rapes them with his mates ? ~ ~ ~ ~ * edit : rapists should have their balls crushed very slowly by a dump truck driving over them . 
  i 'm not fucking defending these dickwads . 
  i 'm just saying that , even if you 're a teenager , it 's still a very dumb idea to go home with a stranger that 's way older than you and that you 've just met . 
  i 'm not saying they had it coming , i 'm saying it could 've been prevented . 
  parents , all of you , do yours jobs , tell your kids not to go home with strangers , and tell your kids not to fucking rape anyone . 
  * ~ ~ fuck rapists :\\, 
  hmm , will i kinda get it . 
  but still , you can follow someone around in public all you like , but you ca n't have a bunch of cameras do it . 
  it 's not like you have any privacy in public either . 
  how the shit ? 
  you 're in public , anyone can see you , how is cctv unconstitutional in public ? 
  and hotel california the year before . 
  the islamic state will gladly take them . 
  only when i pooped . 
  `` i want to hear as well '' , actually , but the gist is right . 
  link ? 
  10 refugees for every resident is fucking insane . 
  merkel is not a he . 
  merkel , what the fuck ? 
  germany 's going to be called the new middle east in no time . 
  this can not end well . 
  but please do come here , all of you . 
  none of this will end well . 
  go away , us . 
  yeah , i really like this . 
  should be done more often . 
  asylum seekers doing shit like this should be kicked out immediately . 
  * high five !!, 
  it 's going to get a lot worse for a while , and then some far-right party gains power , pulls an erdogan , and begins purging all muslims . 
  other european governments will ` slam ' and ` blast ' whatever is happening , meanwhile the people will think `` why the hell are n't we doing this ? '', 
  somewhere along the line there might be an actual war with turkey i suppose ? 
  basically , there 's no way the people will allow this stuff to continue , one way or another it 's going to come to an end . 
  and if the left wo n't do it , the right will start coming up with ideas . 
  reading this makes me feel all warm and fuzzy inside . 
  hooray for the eu :d, 
  what did the hungarians do ? 
  i sure hope not ... :(, 
  our entire thing is trading with foreign countries , why the fuck would we shoot ourselves in the foot with import and export fees ? 
  anyone thinking the netherlands would be better off outside of the eu is fucking deranged . 
  honestly , i did n't even know what the hell i was supposed to be voting for . 
  there was propaganda everywhere about evil russians and corrupt ukrainians , though . 
  i just did n't vote . 
  it was n't an issue i felt strongly about , nor one that i had an opinion of . 
  well colour me bamboozled . 
  ... the shit have you been smoking ? 
  me too !, 
  stack up on stuff or something , we 'll be making revolt events on facebook pretty soon . 
  ... cause belgium kicks ass at foiling terrorist attacks :p,
