  for me it is easy to forget them since the gypsies mostly pester tourists during summer , which is short enough . 
  most of our local roma live invisibly and hate them probably as much as their victims since their own reputation gets hit . 
  i recently read an analysis on their life and culture in estonia and it was quite interesting how they have adapted and lived their lives over the years . 
  it really depends on those particurlar people . 
  in university we have really mixed experience with people . 
  some come to live in their assigned working rooms , some are way brighter than most of us . 
  so what this test basically tells us : indians do n't feel that lying about your own racial preferences is needed . 
  in eastern europe , person from another race is a curiosity and any racism is mostly prejudice . 
  in france it is a reality and thus there 's more stereotype-based racism i 'd guess . 
  omg ; now better off, 
  today i went to a shop and heard myself complain `` my favourite ham is almost gone '' . 
  it was : it 's the only one which almost resembles the one you can smoke at home ( as we used to ) . 
  they pack it using some water , but its one of the driest ones around and i pay respects to the producer for not diluting the food further . 
  it got me thinking that my parents were struggling to feed me . 
  not that they were poor : they were n't rich but they managed . 
  the shops were empty . 
  the closest to meat ( which i as a very picky child would eat ) would be fried sausage . 
  sausage made from meaty things and flour : one i would not buy today . 
  i turned around a corner to the vegetable area : i saw ( and picked up ) bananas , they are always under button 1 . 
  perhaps a weird reminder of their arrival to our shops . 
  they were extremely rare soviet estonia : people used to stick the chiquita stickers to their fridges as some weird badges ( or just as a habit ) . 
  i think that i was 5 when i tasted my first banana . 
  it was split among our family : i think that our father had a half of it to start with . 
  i did n't overly like it and it was gone before i could remember its taste . 
  i felt kind of humbled by these memories as i 'm essentially living in a western country with its problems with government straying from its purpose and people having no jobs . 
  world works differently now and i can understand the nostalgia . 
  but i 'm now better off . 
  russia is not occupying our land ; i 'm free . 
  i dont recall buying it in a can , though . 
  either a sausage-like roll or a plastic box . 
  also in my fridge . . 
  it 's fairly common to justify a starting war with news like this . 
  it is n't a crime when you help someone ... 
  this will backdoor software patents across the countries which adopt it , as epo has granted amazon 1click before swpats were outruled ; they will expire around 2020 . 
  its relatives-only so do n't get any weird ideas  everyone has had some old wrinkly kissing grand-aunt or such . 
  more elaborate answer would go like this i 'd guess : * strangers : being introduced ? 
  handshake if needed * relatives : hug if not seen for a while ; old ladies sometimes grab children * friends : occasional handshake or hug ; mostly verbal * busniss partner : handshake ; men in boss mode may go men + women kissing as socially acceptable harrasment * men + women : hug for closer people * women + women : mostly hug ; some occasional kiss ; some smiling & verbal * men + men : handshake if russian , socially manipulative or handshakey ; a rare hug * how many kisses ? 
  : 1-2 * cheek , mouth , air , hand ? 
  : cheek ; hand is for old men joking courtesy to touch pretty young ladies, 
  at some point in tallinn one could recognize italians by their luxurious amount of hair-gel . 
  it 's a bit of generalization as some of them went without and thus did n't reinforce the stereotype . 
  track suit with a company logo was a huge thing in soviet times . 
  it was a status thing which transcended to independent times in some society groups and the sons have inherited it since they have n't thought otherwise . 
  it 's also quite comfortable i 'd guess ... 
  wanted to add the same . 
  there 's too much stereotype bashing for my taste in this topic . 
  blunt , yes ; proper , less . 
  you 'll do fine if you are concerned enough to ask . 
  you can see if the button is dirty ; less so with other parts of the outfit . 
  so it must have been some careful parent who brought in the button or it could have been a common courtesy to provide the shiny buttons . 
  the road is not straight as its track is changed slightly every now and then as ice conditions change . 
  this might be the issue . 
  the guys from defence league ( kaitseliit ) would probably disagree about safety being better without the semi-automatics . 
  the funny thing is that your regular drunken finn is gone . 
  they were prevalent some 20-15 years ago , but nowadays your bottom of the barrel probably shops around the port and does not enter the town at all . 
  so finns do n't have a reputation problem in tallinn anymore , i 'd think . 
  estonians in finland , however ... 
  try that latvian treat and quit for life . 
  nb : not the black version , as that sometimes actually gets positive feedback . 
  ours is also double barreled, 
  j\u00fcri arrak has had this style for as far as i have lived . 
  [ his cartoon used to scare the beejezus out of a generation ] ( https://youtu.be/wdei06j00nk ) . 
  i was referring to legally non-binding diplomatic pressure on those matters . 
  you are right of course ... 
  usually any `` may '' is considered `` must '' by the treaty organization -- or at least it is so that any conditionals are pushed hard . 
  at least according to a guy i met from our foreign ministry on the acta matters . 
  it 's the same here in estonia , but internet has changed things a bit and this year there has been a stirring . 
  you are extremely / r/proper, 
  languages do n't die . 
  consider my own near-tear story of livonians whose language was so close to ours it 's on the border of being comprehensible after some listening . 
  the band tulli lum : i can not dance to it during concerts as it feels too close . 
  you are listening your dead relative , echoing from the past : people whose fate your nation might follow at some point . 
  also , it 's not apparent but latvians have a huge substrate of livonian language which has survived . 
  it has not survived in words , but in the rhythm and the way they vocalize the words . 
  i have driven both in latvia and lithuania and listened to the radio . 
  latvian sounds distinctly `` fenno-ugric '' while lacking the vocabulary while lithuanian sounds closer to slavic , while still being different enough . 
  we 'll make the list i 'm afraid since i see english mode happening too often for my generation already . 
  i do n't know why and how lithuania got its translators for software so much more early than volunteers in estonia started . 
  lithuania is poster child for software localization as almost any piece of ( open source ) software which lacks estonian translation has had lithuanian for ages . 
  ( have translated mozilla at some point and i still keep an eye out for those things . ), 
  from this argument i can get the gist of the frustration . 
  my point is that i severely doubt that she ordered or even agreed explicitly with the publisher when those notices were sent out . 
  therefore she might have made a bad deal , but still does not `` defend her copyright '' or `` send takedown notices '' . 
  this take on the news , however , does not sell as well i guess . 
  is it her sending the takedown notices , or is it her publisher . 
  there 's a rather huge difference . 
  no pirates ? 
  way cooler , i 'd say . 
  still it 's not on the spontaneous reddit meetup chart . 
  korean on aegna ? 
  cool !, 
  you have better connections than we do . 
  i pay 39 $ for 100/20 but it 's more of an exception than a rule to have this kind of speeds . 
  also , your username is practically the only latvian word that every estonian knows ( for others , its `` ice-cream ) . 
  wikileaks shows how us copyright lobby writes laws for sweden so i 'd also go with this opinion . 
  apparently uk is willing to break the vienna convention to get a criminal whose penalty in sweden would have been a monetary fine * for the crime he was publicly wanted * . 
  i took my first numbered source so i 'm not overly attatched to the number . 
  thanks . 
  the picture is n't as perfect as ilves would like , however . 
  one thing which has kept estonia above water has been european developmental aid .
