for me it seems that they play the european public . 
  if we get too mad , the politicians have to stop buying the cheap gas and lose their popularity . 
  the slow play lets the west save their face and postpone the backslash in economy/political popularity . 
  the west basically sells the countries out like it was done to eastern europe post ww2 . 
  this will be repeated : russia has been working their propaganda for years . 
  rest of georgia , full ukraine , then baltics , finland , if you look at the propaganda front . 
  for estonia you basically need only the eastern part as the power-plants are situated almost next to russian border . 
  slow motion in the sense that you wont go bananas out of rage as it escalates over months . 
  not 1000 tanks but 5 . 
  then 20 . 
  we think that gas is still worth the lives and ukrainian occupation . 
  since france will still sell its copter assault ship to russia we have already decided that russia will have crimea and anything else it can pry off ukraine as far as the slow motion war remains off from the public eyes . 
  as far as the west can keep its face , that is . 
  parallels to pre war germany are worrying . 
  apalling stuff . 
  yes . 
  probably . 
  russian slow motion war is difficult to recognize in western media . 
  i kind of discovered already , but also kind of forgot to return here out of shame of not knowing . 
  we should unsync the festivals by shifting one 2 years ... 
  how many years between your festivals ? 
  there is a live [ youtube broadcast of the event ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4ox72iffxf4 ) which probably does not do the thing justice . 
  imagine a singing hundred-meter-wall of people in 2000 + point surround of doom or something ... 
  for me the incredible part is that he actually handles the twitter instead of handling it off to some pr-person . 
  could it be some rule about red turn signal lights being permitted and people flocking to register their cars there ? 
  i know that some people register their cars abroad due to this : it should not , however , add up to such a great difference . 
  i see two issues . 
  both good i the long run . 
  firstly the security will most likely fail when netsec guys get their hands on the drivers and cards . 
  it will be fixed . 
  secondly our current systems are not scalable as they are built for 1.5 million users max . 
  this will create a hurdle , but we can solve it hopefully . 
  yes ; this exact subreddit is sadly also a theatre of war . 
  the thing is that the fishermen pull barrels up more regularly than one would expect . 
  they throw them back asap and wont report it as paperwork and decontamination procedures cost them time and money and they lose their haul . 
  civil unrest does happen if you need to invade . 
  all in all it might not be worth it . 
  who fights a world war over 1 million people and some oil-shale , peck of forest and some nice beach ? 
  one of the sides must be willing to answe ` yes ' . 
  i mean maidan . 
  do n't call a country shitty . 
  for me the question is : would i fight for ukraine in a trench ? 
  for lithuania ? 
  for estonia , finland , sweden ... for ukraine the empire has calculated that nobody will care more than barely necessary . 
  france will sell its invasion ships , germany needs its gas . 
  we are selling ukraine out . 
  yet they were the first to die under european union flag . 
  the language spoken by the people of twitter , of course ... 
  twitter has responded by terminating diplomatic relations with turkey ; there are mixed reports about twitter citizens being subjected to violence . 
  the streets of ankara and istanbul are filled with people walking and singing in twittish . 
  most of the signs refer to the turkish pm not being very intelligent . 
  on sunday we had some ; was n't as bad ice-wise , but it was -7 and it 's yet to reach above 0 ; my car still has a nice shiny shell , 
  there was a red-black-white candidate at some point ... 
  estonians are absolutely fine with those rules too . 
  you may ask a question , though ( the polish rule from lared930 ) . 
  oh ; forgot to look a the context ; they are all compound words made out of of 2 or 3 letter vocals-only words . 
  it 's polite to do so , yes . 
  both of those are not in common use , but imply a somewhat punny context . 
  i mean i can say `` mu t\u00f6\u00f6-\u00f6\u00f6 oli pikk ja raske '' ( my night shift was tedious ) , but it 's not how i 'd speak without wordplay . 
  j\u00e4\u00e4 \u00e4\u00e4r is mostly also written with a space . 
  triple wowels do exist , but it 's polite to add a dash to signify the word borders . 
  did n't know the holland part ; i wonder why . 
  for technically valid things we also have : j\u00e4\u00e4\u00e4\u00e4r meaning ice-edge and t\u00f6\u00f6-\u00f6\u00f6 meaning a work-night , 
  they should have a military term , `` doijitsu '' , probably involving something that you can do with tanks . 
  you could use idamaa , but this one is reserved for oriental or middle-eastern areas . 
  also , we speak as we write so the strange dotted things sound like this : a - car e - meadow i - history o - morning u - music \u00f5 - moment \u00e4 - ashes \u00f6 - emergency \u00fc - [ does not map well ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/close_front_rounded_vowel ), 
  georgia sounds stupid in estonia , but as i have understood , gruusia is a bit derogatory and the people do n't like to be called like this . 
  so i 'm adapting , albeit slowly . 
  `` rembember estonians ! '', 
  this was the last thing that a danish grandfather told to his relatives upon his deathbed . 
  estonia and denmark used to be agriculturally similar ; danes had learnt some of our methods and there was amount of commerce . 
  he had taken the soviet occupation of estonia into his heart . 
  for him , the countries were similar ; he probably had had many contacts with estonians over his years . 
  he considered it a grave betrayal ; the fact how the scandinavia stood silent about it . 
  so , he said `` remember estonians '' to remind you all that you have to have your own military and never trust anyone else with securing you as your neighbours will become strangely silent and mind their own when you get occupied . 
  a story i heard from a friend , told by a danish woman once . 
  \u00f5e\u00e4ia-oaaia-oa\u00f5ieau if you strecth the mecry ( the honour of bean-flower of sisters ' father-in-law 's bean garden ) . 
  we have also russian : venelane , meaning `` boater '' . 
  my guess is that they are stalling to get past the winter . 
  you do n't want to lose russian gas in the middle of the winter . 
  you get a revolution . 
  why the mummy ? 
  for estonia the ability to recover was an exeption . 
  we had austerity , yes , but the country tried hard to use up all the european aid it could absorb during the crisis . 
  estonia has also some roaming permissions . 
  you can go wherever the land is not marked as `` eramaa '' ( private ) and also you can travel along the shores of lakes , streams and rivers ( 10m from it ) as you please . 
  someone needs to link this russian mudstrip which eats zigulies for lunch . 
  yea , we hide them in those bogs, 
  to give more reasons for russia to invade , of course . 
  georgia is really eager to be invaded , you know . 
  rember the reason to us invading iraq  russian populace is made to feel endangered by the really small countries . 
  chechnya , georgia and also estonia . 
  we do n't even have a tank . 
  how did the snooping become a public knowledge and how was it justified ? 
  if dutch do it , the equipment has been sold to everyone by now ... 
  ** estonia ** * the flagship of our navy will be returned to denmark since it has been sitting idle since 2008 due to lack of money . 
  * the populist party started proceedings to declare e-voting uncostitutional ( their voters do n't vote using computers ( or brains ) ) . 
  * more girls using tobacco, 
  yes , this is exactly the thin i have seen happening around tallinn too . 
  the filter was really weak some years ago , but after the university adapted somewhat , the foreigners are all nice .
