well , it 's kinda true . 
  what a bad attempt at a joke , they take in an extraordinary amount of refugees . 
  like gotts says , they technically would have to stay in the country where they were first granted asylum , but in truth some countries facilitate the emigration of refugees to other countries . 
  haha , well , i did n't say that we should take over leadership . 
  it could still be very profitable for them . 
  i 'm not a catholic . 
  but might i ask that what the church defines as marriage should be absolutely irrelevant . 
  your prophet , on which your religion is based , according to your religions book never said anything agains homosexuality . 
  well , it would make a lot of sense for similar countries to form a more closer union . 
  like germany and austria , or the netherlands and the flamen , or the french and the valones , although the union between austria and germany might not be viewed that favorably in the light of history . 
  but what would also make sense would be uniting certain aspects of some countries , like the militaries , of e.g. 
  middle europe ( germany , austria , the netherlands , luxembourg , france , belgium , denmark and france ) . 
  ah yes , boehmia right in the middle of germany . 
  and i guess you 're unemployed , are n't you ? 
  and since you 're polish , might i inform you that the youth unemployment rate in poland is 22,8 % , not 50 % . 
  but 22,8 % is still a horrible rate . 
  almost as bad as that of france . 
  astronomical pensions ? 
  seriously ? 
  what do you consider astronomical ? 
  their wages are not high , and their pensions are n't either . 
  exactly . 
  i think that we sould first unify similar countries militaries and other institutions , and the countries themselves , or countries and militaries with common interests first . 
  like france , germany , austria , the netherlands , belgium , luxembourg and denmark . 
  i 'm sure that our bundeswehr does not even have that many proper working weapons anymore anyway . 
  ( it has been completely mismanaged , and fallen into serious disrepair ), 
  not all jews are `` evil zionists '' . 
  now , the only thing would agree on with you would be if you claim that israel ( not `` zionists '' ) is quite a racist nation , because that would be true . 
  i think that they are a complete eyesore , and that they ruin the way a neighbourhood looks , but it 's only my opinion . 
  concerning bavaria : * energy independent . 
  ironically , this step , intended originally to limit a reunited germanys power and influence , has now done the opposite . 
  strange , since according to the actual statistics , it fell by 94.017 . 
  so i would ask for you to change the title , or at least for the mods to mark it as a misleading/wrong title . 
  unemployment did n't rise , it just did n't drop as much as some people expected it to drop . 
  it 's just the seasonally adjusted numbers , i.e. 
  how much it dropped in relation to how much it usually drops around this time of year , not the actual unemployment , that rose . 
  looks like we germans have a high population density , and a culture of complaining if we dislike something . 
  well , 200 thousand is a somewhat large city . 
  that 's quite a large city . 
  wow , here the average is around 6:23 h. 
  well , we do have a population larger than portugal , sweden , hungary , austria , bulgaria , denmark , finland , slovakia , ireland , croatia , lithuania , solvenia , cyprus , malta , luxemourg and lativa combined , and a gdp almost 1,6 times that of all those countries combined . 
  so yes , our vote should count a bit more , since we are such a large country . 
  or do you think that it would be fair otherwise ? 
  you have proper white people ? 
  they are not even remotely the same as here in germany . 
  wel , because your country is n't exactly not shit either . 
  oh yes , someone beeing passionate has an impact on reality , i forgot . 
  and it does not actually provide any backed up facts , studies , or other reliable , backed up , information . 
  it 's just an interview . 
  not a peer reviewed study . 
  yes , people out to make a profit should always be blindly trusted without checking the actual facts . 
  that 's just logic . 
  first of all : what a really reliable and credible `` source '' . 
  / s and secondly : what exactly do you mean by restructuring . 
  thirdly : really , blaming the stalling soley on merkel ? 
  and lastly : do you really think that he bought them soley because of his faith in greece ? 
  do you really not believe that he soley bought them because of the extremely high rate of interest he got on the bonds ? 
  of course , that 's what politicians do . 
  ours promise more renewable energy , but then slash the funding and keep on subsidizing the coal industry , which without the subsidies would be more expensive than the renewable energies . 
  just like yours will promise you that your situation will improve rapidly . 
  just like ours keep always talking about creating more financial equality , but then doing nothing about it ( we have pretty much the highest inequality in europe ) . 
  yeah , but the number of publications is n't really perfectly indicative of the quality of an university . 
  yeah , qs rankings are soooo accurate . 
  and the ranking criteria are totally not biased and toooodally indicative of the quality of universities rather than the structure of universities in the specific education systems . 
  france . 
  thanks . 
  well , reporting those who take up residence in your appartment without your consent , taking your money , and their supporters who commit arson is the right thing to do . 
  however , reporting just a refugee who does no harm , or who works without a permit , might not be that nice . 
  but in this case , some individuals went to far . 
  wow , report them . 
  you 're not racist , your friends are just definitively not normal , and as you say , even associate with what is left wing terrorism . 
  i mean `` fire and flames for berlin '' ? 
  yes , refugees do n't always have it easy , but if they are reverting to criminal behaviour , and your friends are just using you , report them . 
  good . 
  but how long a prison sentence can you get in denmark for financing a genocide ? 
  10 years ? 
  i am against the treaty in general , as there would be no real upsides for us europeans , and according to most studies , no extra growth at all . 
  lobbyists, 
  well , several middle eastern countries already offerd to replace the natural gas imports , and norway could increase the supply of oil . 
  and if everything fails we could still start fracking , although i would be against it . 
  but we do have reserves for some time . 
  and we could still increase our own hard coal production . 
  well , we do need to cut back on our usage of fuel . 
  nah , rather almost german . 
  for now ... 
  my first time seeing them this way was oddly enough in london . 
  it turned out i was just somewhere near downing street . 
  well we have changed . 
  now our police is pretty great !, 
  and non-violent as well . 
  so how 's the mood and general position of most russians in moscow towards this issue , as far as you can tell ? 
  why do you keep linking something that does n't even match what you are saying ? 
  first of all , the data is from 2014 . 
  and secondly , according to it , back then bavaria only had the 6th lowest rate . 
  actually , some , like my family , do have 3 + kids . 
  as many other people have already said : it 's not like the money that the state spends on immigrants will cease to exist , it will be spent in the german economy . 
  and with unemployment here in bavaria at about 3.6 % , it 's not like the refugees wil take away jobs from germans . 
  no , with the average wages of low ranking civil servants , teachers and social workers , you could ** at best ** only pay for about 80.000 - 90.000 civil servants . 
  1.1 million in auschwitz , the rest elsewhere . 
  ( 900.000 upon arrival to be exact , the rest due to sickness , medical experiments , aso . ),
