yes they are . 
  because those hypocritical polticians and bankers who have this kind of opinion are the ones who travel to those countries looking for cheap booze and sunny beaches . 
  someone needs to explain to this fella that we do n't need to waste money on women in southern europe . 
  however , ask him why the middle-aged northern european woman come to italy , spain , portugal and greece looking for a `` vacation '' , 
  indeed , that 's why all those regions have great food and wine to fight the extreme heat of course :d, 
  indeed . 
  it was in malaga :p, 
  you emigrants are rebuilding our empire beyond borders , rightfully so :p make portugal great again !, 
  maybe in alentejo ( they got the fame of being lazy , although it 's just a stereotype ) but the siesta is typical spanish . 
  i 'm portuguese and when i went to spain years ago i was surprised that at 2pm the stores were closed . 
  you guys vote for us as well  oldest alliance in the world !, 
  you should visit porto someday , it 's truly a wonderful city ( but it 's porto pls , do n't say oporto xd ), 
  i 'm glad to see that those turks are a minority and there are still some enlightened turkish people in the world . 
  peace to you and your people my friend !, 
  80 % of the forest area of a village with 176km2 has burned down ( figueiro dos vinhos ), 
  croatia , we are with you my brothers !, 
  no , you 're the liar !, 
  thank you . 
  but what if you are aquaman ? 
  at least i 'm [ beautiful ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qroe2h9rtwi ), 
  bacalhau com natas is also really good . 
  but only my mother 's secret recipe !, 
  now sir , i call infamy . 
  i 'll bring my lawyer to sue you !, 
  that 's the best bacalhau recipe !, 
  i was born with them , that 's why my parents did n't need to buy a pet fish , they just dropped me in an aquarium, 
  he lives in foz do arelho which is close , so you can expect some of his relatives to be in pedr\u00f3g\u00e3o, 
  you clearly do n't know about aquaman, 
  water, 
  portuguese people do n't drown , they just fall asleep under the ocean, 
  portuguese humans have . 
  we are superhumans, 
  explain me better then mr. 
  scientist, 
  i never said they can breathe underwater , but they can pick oxygen by putting their heads under water and coming back to surface . 
  not only poor visibility , people just could n't breath inside the cars . 
  the smoke was so thick that people that tried to leave the cars and run died on the road by asphyxia, 
  greece is taking the walking dead really seriously, 
  true , winter is becoming shorter and shorter and when it rains it 's just for a bit, 
  true , but you know that climate change is a hoax blablabla . 
  big guys do n't care , they are in their super duper buildings , with their ac 's turned on , using poor people around the world like chess pieces, 
  because the water has oxygen . 
  i know it 's weird but the fact that you put your head under water you get the oxygen needed to survive , when the outside is completely smokey and full of carbon, 
  even if the water gets warmer it still would be less hot than the outside . 
  and the oxygen inside helps to survive, 
  dude , this guys have been facing unbearable temperatures and breathing smoke for the past hours . 
  they will gladly take an entire rain shower in their heads and be happy with it, 
  with 61 injured and many villages still not been inspected the death toll might rise, 
  the water helps people to maintain their body in a healthy temperature and also has some oxygen which allows them to keep their lungs mildly safe . 
  tell me about it . 
  i tried to rant on that topic and people all went freaking mad . 
  like it 's not true that people do n't give a shit about stuff that happens outside the mainstream areas, 
  here in porto the sky is super dark but it 's still hot as fuck, 
  global warming it 's causing this kind of crazy phenomenon . 
  besides the weather becoming hotter and hotter around here every year, 
  it was a dry thunderstorm who crushed a tree and then it spread like crazy ( similar to the wildfire in game of thrones ) . 
  land is very dry and weather is super super hot which helped this situation . 
  they are supposedly willing to help . 
  i heard the eu is helping with means to fight the fires and to help the victims . 
  i hope no victims in there . 
  stay strong, 
  summer in portugal has begun since late april and will probably only end in late october ... rain is becoming scarcer every year and when it rains the land is dry and creates massive floods, 
  yes and 3 days of national mourning, 
  people spread the word , upvote this topic and make it reach to r/all . 
  we need a massive worldwide help . 
  there is a [ crowdfunding ] ( https://ppl.com.pt/pt/causas/ajuda-pedrogao ) to help people who became homeless and we need support from foreign forces . 
  this is global warming making victims in front of your eyes, 
  it 's preventable because our forests are abandoned and there is a spread of eucalyptus , a kind of tree that drains the water from the soil and is super inflamable . 
  most of the portuguese forest is covered with these trees , which are super profitable for papel industries because they grow super fast . 
  nevertheless , the weather has been ridiculously hot ( reaching 45 . \u00ba c ! ), 
  and there were some phenomenons like fire tornados and dry thunderstorms . 
  it 's the biggest catastrophe in the history of my country that i can remember ( in my 23 years of lifetime ), 
  with 54 injured it 's probable that the death toll rises . 
  we should overcome this , for\u00e7a portugal, 
  i ca n't imagine worst thing than being trapped in your flat or car and seeing there is no way out . 
  portugal suffers with enormous wildfires every summer . 
  its the abandoned forests , the plague of eucaliptus ( trees that grow super fast , creating profits for paper industry but are highly inflamable and drain the water of the soil ) . 
  however its normally just few casualities and material damages . 
  this is a disaster , the death toll is growing and growing . 
  and those poor people that died trapped in their cars ... 
  same here . 
  but this is not a competition . 
  both tragedies are terrible and the worst way to die imo is by fire . 
  never in my lifetime i have seen such a tragedy in my country . 
  its a nature phenomenon i know but many things could be done to prevent it, 
  people who dont believe in climate change visit portugal today and you will see how hell this planet will turn out if we dont change, 
  lots of them dead as well . 
  i heard a farmer that tried to save his animals and only managed to rescue two goats and release them into the wild, 
  thanks . 
  62 dead , 54 injured and 150 homeless, 
  true and portugal is one of the most warm countries in europe, 
  more deaths in fact, 
  62 now, 
  and the pope will come back and be the dj, 
  ohhh yeah , lisbon 2018 cheap beers , nice weather and some wonderful memes !, 
  let 's go europe lmao, 
  :p * totally innocent biased comment *, 
  in this semifinal , apart from portugal , there are no countries with traditional elements ( hmmm maybe a bit of armenia ) ... 
  in semifinal two there 's hungary , belarus , romania at least, 
  dude , i wish the portuguese commentators were a bit more sassy .
