  `` ugliest language '' ca n't be ours , as long as dutch exists . 
  well , my family owns an independent fashion store . 
  what i 'm saying is , it 's not really a question where i buy new clothing . 
  essentially this . 
  berlin may be the political and arguably the cultural center , but that 's about it . 
  frankfurt is the financial center and transportation hub , the ruhr area is the old industrial heart , munich is no. 1 in research and high-tech , and the biggest port is in hamburg . 
  also , most media outlets only have secondary bases in berlin for political coverage . 
  nothing is more generic than doing a erasmus year in barcelona or a `` language course '' in malaga . 
  people want sun and beaches , and spanish is the most common southern european language to be taught in central or northern europe . 
  and `` least zaras per capita '' is a problem because ... ---------- also , i do n't see being last in home ownership as an inherent problem . 
  it 's just very normal to pay rent , and if you at some point decide to buy a home , it 's most likely for life . 
  all the unsaturated fat in olive oil , probably . 
  madrid is n't the only city with that problem . 
  interchanging in london or paris also means getting on the metro/underground to catch your next train on one of the other stations across town . 
  it used to be the same in berlin , but in a weird twist of history , the berlin wall helped getting rid of the annoying ring of terminus stations around the city center . 
  most of them lay in west berlin , so they lost the service during the division as almost all trains were diverted around the western part to stations in the east and were closed down . 
  when the wall came down , it was quite obivious that re-opening the old stations would n't be the answer , so they just dug a north-south tunnel to complement an already existing east-west cross-town line , with the new [ hauptbahnhof ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/berlin_hauptbahnhof ) built were the two axes meet . 
  paris is everything in france . 
  they ruled the baltic sea and made even the russians fear , now they 're just winning eurovision . 
  madagascar has already shut down its docks and airports . 
  we will have a great ballot . 
  the best ballot . 
  go back golfing , donald . 
  sorry britan , no brexit for you lads . 
  i thought the french built the chunnel for that . 
  and in the midst of global warming , doggerland will rise again from the seas to provide the greenest of energy . 
  which countries except spain ( and i 'm sure madrid can be convinced if there is a bilateral agreement between edinburgh and westminster like in the first referendum ) would mind anyway ? 
  maybe some from the visegr\u00e1d group , but i 'm not aware of any signifcant independence movements in those countries . 
  italy could be one , too , although i have no idea what rome thinks about this . 
  we have no signifcant russian minority , but there are the `` russlanddeutsche '' . 
  ethnic germans and descendants to the germanic colonists in the east who returned to germany after the cold war . 
  most of them are very conservative , and a favorite target for the afd and russia today . 
  schulz has less options . 
  merkels cdu can lead another grand coalition with the spd ( please no ) , ally with the greens or with the liberal fdp . 
  an spd-led grand coalition is unlikely ( the cdu still leads the polls , and is probably not open to such a coalition ) , the votes wont be enough for a classic leftist spd-greens gouvernment , the fdp is too far away on ideological matters , so a spd-left-greens three-party coalition is the only realistic chance the spd has to get the chancellor . 
  and a coalition with the left will face signifcant oppostion even within the spd , not to mention in the general population . 
  the left still has the stigma of being the former state party of east germany , and has several political postitions ( like a no-exceptions no to bundeswehr deployments in foreign countries ) that work when you are in the opposition , but not so much when you actually have to govern . 
  i ignore the afd here for a reason , no politican in the right mind from the other parties would offer them an alliance . 
  so far , at least . 
  i 'm not claiming that , but do her supporters care ? 
  trump was n't exactly clean , either . 
  that 's probably the worst timeline . 
  fillion somehow crawls into the second round , and essentially gift-wraps the presidency to le pen against the `` corrupt establishment '' . 
  and psa could just push sales in overseas markets for their own brands . 
  the jane austen is strong in this one . 
  take that , nelson !, 
  - napoleon , probably, 
  to be fair , i do n't know opel 's exact numbers . 
  opel has n't been in a good state for some time now ( a few years ago , gm essentially threatend to discontinue opel as a subsidiary and the german gouverment attempted to nationalize opel to save the jobs ) , but i was referring to the linked article that opel and vauxhall have accumulated a loss of $ 18 billion over the last sixteen years . 
  in germany , opel does n't really have it 's own niche . 
  if we wan na by mass market , we buy vw ( including skoda ) or fords , and although opel advertises it 's cars as well-equipped , if you crave for the more fancy gizmos , you buy japanese or go for the premium big three ( mercedes , bmw , audi ) . 
  while i understand that gm might wan na jettison it 's european brands as they operate at a hefty loss , i do n't think the deal makes a lot of sense for both parties involved . 
  opel/vauxhall are nearly the only brands gm sells in europe . 
  the deal would mean an almost complete withdrawal from the european market , something that ca n't be the goal for an industry giant like gm . 
  only cadillac and chevrolet would remain , two pretty rare and exotic names over here . 
  and psa ? 
  opel and vauxhall serve the same mass-market segment as do peugeot and citro\u00ebn , psa essentially ends up with four brands catering to a similar audience - in the same market . 
  and upon one of the new arrivals , vauxhall , hovers the sword of damocles called brexit . 
  what is so significant about the `` pale '' that is warrants a special border ? 
  no engrish, 
  upvote for `` le penises '' . 
  d\u00fcsseldorf , mainz and cologne ( the `` big three '' carnival cities ) are all quite progressive cities . 
  especially cologne , germany 's lgbt capital . 
  make dualism great again !, 
  a bit too obivous to be effective bait . 
  culture . 
  those parades are centuries old and always were about pissing on the ones in power . 
  more often than not it 's not my kind of humour either , but when a lot of people in the respective cities like it , why not ? 
  a very unbiased comparison between cologne and d\u00fcsseldorf , probably . 
  down here in bavaria , we just wait for all this to be over again , no more fasching infestation on the public tv stations . 
  these parades prefer a pretty blunt approach to their topics . 
  not just on trump , everybody gets the same treatment . 
  not the worst idea , when everybody watching is either drunk or more focused on catching the most candy . 
  well , understatement is probably not an american core strengh . 
  as long as you guys keep your hands off h\u00e4ndel and the royals ... 
  ah , the renowned murican nascar driver ? 
  germany - austria wo n't . 
  you take hitler !, 
  no , * you * take hitler !, 
  i suspect vatican city would take the top spot . 
  kosovo , europe 's sausage fest . 
  i take great offense for not recognising the famous car engineer niklas tessmann . 
  austria is russian ? 
  jesus christ , how are dutch drivers supposed to handle the rockies ? 
  german longsword vs. saab 99, 
  but will it handle an english longbow ? 
  and canada is an associate member of esa . 
  that 's what i meant with combining alabama and connecticut in a switzerland . 
  alabama and connecticut is such an awkward combination . 
  great public schools , but they teach creationism ? 
  political corruption , then . 
  welcome , illinoisans to bavaria , you should feel right at home . 
  canadians conducting a false-flag operation . 
  bitterfeld as the european detroit confirmed . 
  and the uk should be pleased , significant meteorological upgrade . 
  anything noteworthy about illinois besides chicago ? 
  merkel handing over the keys to schulz would n't be that big of a difference , to be fair . 
  merkel is a centrist politican , schulz a mild centre-left . 
  both a pro-european , both have open views on immigration . 
  the spd could set themselves apart from the cdu ( not the csu , which is approaching afd territory ) if they would finally break with the third way - `` agenda 2010 '' policies from the schr\u00f6der era , but that 's for a time after gabriel .
