  look at switzerland . 
  their `` german '' dialect is almost unfathomable even for native speakers and they have an independent minority language ( romansh ) and still , theyre doing pretty good . 
  the only tricky part about mmp is the seat allocation ( hence : overhang mandates ) , but this is a manageable design quirk . 
  otherwise , it works perfectly alright . 
  i just like the idea that even when you live in more remote or rural areas to have a local representative elected from your region . 
  frankly , ordinary people rarely use the possibilty for direct correspondence with `` their '' mp , but it is a very handy feature for local associations or business owners . 
  the local mps would most likely still be part of the national parties , therefore no risk for an incursion of separatist splinter groups . 
  that was helmut `` the iron lung '' schmidt , not some twat like schr\u00f6der . 
  its an interesting and very detailed read , kudos . 
  a few quick things to consider that popped up in my head : - the language threshold would almost certainly mean a death sentence to small regional languages like friulian , sorbian or ladin . 
  for me , an integral part of every concept for a `` united states of europe '' are provisions to protect the rich and numerous cultural traditions across the continent , it would be fatuous to essentially plan and engineer their decay . 
  for this , more and smaller provinces would make sense . 
  - your prefectures ( which are , of course , primarily there to illustrate your idea ) not only cut across old geographic , but also linguistic borders . 
  the dresden prefecture would host german , polish and czech communities of considerable size . 
  yes , a similar concept * sort of * works in switzerland , but still poses a big challenge for a lot of people now probably feeling detached from their past and background now living in what would feel pretty artificial borders . 
  - for a nation of such size and demographic variety , imo mmp is far better suited for parlamentary representation than a simple proportional voting . 
  your system is based on single party lists nationwide . 
  i understand your rationale on this against a splintering of the parliament into numerous small regional parties , but it also poses a high danger of leading to a political caste based in frankfurt ( or any other capital ) , considered detatched and arrogant especially in the more remote and rural areas of the nation . 
  im also not a fan of an unelected upper house , but thats just me . 
  - why would you need * grandes \u00e9coles * or those meritocratic provisions in general ? 
  if jobs in the imperial administration offer a high prestige , you would automatically get the bright minds from the college graduates . 
  i dont see a need for special `` imperial schools '' here , as it would lead to a devaluation of regular public universities . 
  - does a european empire really have to follow the us in becoming a worldwide military power ? 
  ive been to the us multiple times ( nola , sf and d.c. , for example ) and have relatives in the states . 
  i experienced the us as a safe country , if you know what youre doing . 
  what im saying is , you have to be aware which part of a city youre going to , especially late at night - something i dont have to do to that extent in most western european cities . 
  this reflects only very small parts of the country though , and it would be utterly unjustified to see the us as some kind of first world mogadishu with rampant gun violence and drug crime in the streets . 
  for the most part , i felt perfectly safe . 
  even without a concealed handgun under my jacket . 
  salonkommunisten ( parlour communists ) in germany . 
  well , we already have significant migrations within the eu ( not talking about the migrant crisis here ) , freedom of movement + schengen makes moving from , let 's say , france to sweden not much different than minnessota to oregon . 
  i fully support replacing the complicated ( and therefore , woefully inefficent ) subvention programs of the eu with a single system for financial assistance from the rich to the poor , similar to our , erm , `` beloved '' * l\u00e4nderfinanzausgleich . 
  * this would require an even deeper economic and financial union , though . 
  the brits do that themselves . 
  embarassing stag nights in prague or budapest , or just a cheap booze refill ( stella artois ; primarily ) just on the other side of the channel in calais . 
  probably not bulgaria and romania , but i 'd put estonia , croatia , slovakia or malta in the `` developed '' category . 
  you are , for example , referring to catch quotas ? 
  and when we 're already at iceland/eu - would the icelanders accept the euro , as no new member gets a permanent opt-out like the uk and denmark ? 
  norway has a money cheat with their oil , and iceland - well , being a pretty remote and cold island in the northern atlantic makes handling a migrant crisis a bit easier . 
  iirc the only really problematic issue between island and the eu is fishing , especially whaling . 
  could be worse . 
  they let hugo boss design the ss uniforms , so it was an deliberate effort . 
  thanks !, 
  18 in turkey and 16 in totally-not-turkey northern cyprus . 
  erm , what ? 
  nicknamed `` fette henne '' ( fat hen ) , as he is a bit on the chubby side . 
  slovenia wins . 
  i prefer a sort-of round table over just blocks facing each other in mistrust . 
  and the uk has , of course , the layout farthest away from the european norm . 
  they are also sorted by their party - the seat layout gets rearranged after elections , so every party has their own block , separated to the others by aisles . 
  what 's jeremy corbyn 's stand on this issue ? 
  wtf does that even mean . 
  something about nuclear energy ? 
  i know that , but i was reluctant to start a dialect discussion in an english subreddit . 
  probably friesland , * friesisch * being essentially a separate language with some similarities to english . 
  while south tyrol/alto adige which has the german ja is not depicted on the map . 
  it already has , look at utah . 
  schengen area , shared immigration policies . 
  so same for your guys . 
  of course , but unfortunatley neither of us is a secretary of transportation . 
  rearranging all traffic lights nationwide ? 
  yeah , how about no . 
  and exactly that is the problem . 
  usually there 's one to the side aswell , but even that requires finding the sweet spot between that lorry to your right , the a-pillar and the front passenger 's head . 
  really ? 
  i am . 
  always considered clarkson as a full-blooded tory with that special brand of british arrogance towards the continent . 
  yes . 
  i experienced a revelation in the us when i saw this arrangement the first time . 
  have n't been to norway or ireland so far , though . 
  run , east frisia has the bomb !, 
  we 'll , you were under the spanish branch . 
  if there was one royal family to oust , it was them . 
  that and traffic lights * on the far side of a junction * . 
  you now , where you can actually see them without sustaining several neck injuries . 
  the habsburgs have waited for this day a long time . 
  there are some very green areas - the cities of stuttgart and freiburg , for example . 
  a lot of green voters support enviromental and climate protection legislation , but are still conservative on other issues . 
  kretschmann ( the green ministerpr\u00e4sident ) caters to that , the green party in that state is a center party , just with a focus on green policies . 
  and like i said , the greens would 've never got into power if not for the deeply unpopular cdu state leader stefan mappus ( committed several blunders , and approved the very controversial rebuildung of the stuttgart train station ) and the anti-nuclear energy backlash in germany after fukushima . 
  yeah , but they pretty much have to do that . 
  they got swept into power in the fukushima aftermath , albeit to stay in power - it 's still w\u00fcrttemberg , before the 2011 elections a conservative bastion . 
  today was a good day . 
  i 'm not in the mood to celebrate , the result is scary enough . 
  but : it could 've been much worse . 
   http://www.oe24.at/oesterreich/politik/live-ticker-stichwahl-wer-heute-gewinnt/236731343 first results are in , 91.000 absentee ballots counted : hofer 35.8 % , van der bellen 64.2 % , enough for vdb to win ( if the trend continues ) edit : 197.000 , vdb at 63.8 %, 
  bremain . 
  * shiver * and come on ukip nutjobs , give it a break . 
  there will wie negative effects for the uk domestically . 
  then vote neos . 
  there are plenty of reasons to dislike sp\u00d6 and \u00d6vp , and if the greens do n't fit your political mindset , so be it . 
  but still , that does n't force you to elect a party led by a dangerous demagogue who wants to transform austria in another hungary or poland . 
  no , this is not `` fearmongering by a leftie '' , this is the `` dritte republik '' strategy designed by haider . 
  we like to call it `` gay super bowl '' for a reason . 
  which is a good thing . 
  streamlining welfare systems to one single comprehensive program , while solving the looming problem of emerging automatation and digitalization before it even starts and saving a shitload of money in administration , because you abolish the need to govern several parallell public welfare programs is socalism ? 
  thanks for nothing , eu . 
  congrats to a bunch of content owners for successful lobbying . 
  would 've been a big step forward , but so , the only winners are content holders annoying everyone by the ridiculously backward practice of allocationg exclusive rights on a national level . 
  what 's the `` 49-3 amendment '' ?
