  everybody knows his closest atm from home . 
  well , let 's see where and when the spd hits a ceiling and averages out . 
  there 's a lot of schulzhype in those recent polls , we have to wait and see what happens when the actual campagining begins and the usual rot-rot-gr\u00fcn ( sed !!!, 
  this ist still merkel vs. schulz , not brandt vs. kiesinger . 
  ah yes , parlamentary debates about petitions . 
  * we acknowledge the effort of citiziens using their right to participate in the political process and we all should be glad to live in this great country , where people have the freedom to publicly express their opinion . 
  citizens engaged in the political process are a valuable and crucial asset for every democratic nation , especially for us in [ insert country name ] . 
  unfortunately , after a long and thorough consideration , we have decided to not give a shit . 
  thanks for the input kids , now shut up , go away and let us decide what is best . 
  good luck finding a foreign power willing to send troops to ensure a organized transformation . 
  even if . 
  imagine trump losing the 2020 election to [ insert democrat ] . 
  trump having to leave office prematurely ? 
  * i ca n't really imagine how he would react to that . 
  they chose esa over nasa , i would n't be so sure . 
  doctors !, 
  lawyers !, 
  pharmacists !, 
  how are they supposed to pay their bills ? 
  and anton hofreiter , please . 
  the csu still is very morally conservative . 
  the greens always have been a party of social progressives . 
  i would n't say the greens overall have moved to the right , that 's primarily kretschmann and friends in baden-w\u00fcrrtemberg . 
  fair enough . 
  i seriously doubt that anything will happen with gibraltar . 
  yes , the `` remain '' ( 96 % , yikes ) campagin won overwhelmingly down there , but madrid has absolutley zero leverage here . 
  the most amazing thing : we ( germany ) actually finished one of our giant , over-budget and multiple times delayed projects . 
  stuttgart , berlin , y' all taking notes ? 
  the new silent hill sure has some amazing graphics . 
  rusting old industries and somewhere in the middle ? 
  my money 's on wallonia . 
  why would a common law system be an advantage for banks over germanic/roman law ? 
  serious question , not a law scholar . 
  luxembourg only has lackluster airline connections and is n't well integrated into the european high speed rail network . 
  for a financial hub , transportation is a factor , and frankfurt or amsterdam are way ahead here . 
  she also had the brilliant idea to introduce mandatory blocking of web pages displaying child pornography . 
  sounds alright at first , but the list of web pages was supposed to be maintained by the federal criminal police office . 
  this would 've created an infrastructure maintained by the gouvernment for extensive web censorship . 
  she 's nicknamed `` zensursula '' , censorship ( zensur ) ursula since then . 
  there is n't really someone in her own party who would n't be a downgrade , too . 
  de maziere is a bureaucrat without ideas , vdleyen has seven kids and that 's about it , lammert is about to retire , sch\u00e4uble is too old . 
  and do n't even get me started on the csu . 
  that 's debatable . 
  `` shilling '' , really ? 
  he represents positions that are popular on r/europe . 
  or vocal , at least . 
  i suspect that you 're less fond of him , but that does n't mean that there 's a organized `` macron army '' on reddit . 
  do n't forget a dash of putin in the drink . 
  full text here : the moment german mp hans-christian str\u00f6bele discovered his electronic data might have been raided in a 2015 cyber attack on the bundestag is seared on his memory . 
  `` i knew this could be possible , '' says the longest-serving member of the parliament 's intelligence control committee . 
  `` but that it hit the bundestag was a surprise . 
  i looked again at my communications . 
  i became even more careful with my mobile phone . '' if the initial attack on parliament 's lower house sent shockwaves through the german political and intelligence establishment , it has since become apparent that its implications could be far worse . 
  claims from the cia , the us intelligence agency , that it has `` high confidence '' russian hackers tried to influence the us election in favour of donald trump have boosted fears that moscow is targeting next year 's german polls , when chancellor angela merkel is standing for re-election . 
  german security officials have said last year 's assault on the bundestag 's computer network was also carried out by russia-backed hackers seeking ammunition for electoral meddling . 
  earlier this month , ms merkel warned that there were signs of internet-based attacks and misinformation campaigns coming from russia that could `` play a role in the election campaign '' . 
  the government has reacted to the bundestag attack with a complete overhaul of the parliament 's computer systems . 
  but it is also throwing its weight into increasing defences against cyber warfare more broadly , in response to a rising numbers of attacks and the threat of escalation -- such as the possible sabotage of government institutions and utilities such as power plants . 
  the defence ministry has stepped up its electronic warfare capabilities with the creation of a new 13,500-strong cyber unit , due to be fully operational by mid-2017 . 
  berlin 's concerns are shared with other eu states , notably france , which holds a presidential election next year . 
  eu officials fear europe could be more vulnerable to interference than the us because of its wider political and economic connections to russia , significant russian-speaking minorities in some countries including germany and president vladimir putin 's support for rightwing populist parties across europe . 
  stefan meister , a russia expert at the german council for foreign relations , says that as in the us , cyber attacks could be combined with social media manipulation and political support for the russia-friendly populist and eurosceptic alternative for germany party . 
  `` russian interference in german politics has already started , '' says mr meister . 
  `` every country has the right to promote its interests in another country . 
  but russia has a programme that includes grey tactics and illegal tactics . '' the federal verfassungsschutz , germany 's domestic intelligence agency , has accused russian secret services of backing the hackers responsible for the bundestag attack . 
  the agency blames the breach on a group of hackers known as apt 28 , which european and us intelligence officials regard as moscow-backed . 
  us officials have said the same group , and a related one called apt 29 , hacked the democratic campaign offices ahead of the us presidential election and copied thousands of files . 
  these included emails from hillary clinton , the defeated democratic candidate , which were later also published on wikileaks . 
  wikileaks also recently published sensitive german government documents on us-german intelligence co-operation , which officials fear may have come from the bundestag hack . 
  the interior ministry says germany needs resilient computer systems to withstand attacks , effective intelligence work and citizens that are aware of the potential dangers , including the risk that stolen information could be used to influence opinion . 
  but there is wide concern that the population remains insufficiently prepared . 
  mr str\u00f6bele , an opposition green mp , says he has increased his own security , including using encrypted links for sensitive phone calls . 
  the precaution only works if the person on the other side of the call does the same however . 
  `` colleagues have also taken precautions . 
  but not enough in my view , '' he says . 
  thomas de maizi\u00e8re , interior minister , has warned germany must be ready for attacks from all sources , including private organisations and criminal groups as well as states such as russia and china . 
  last month , for example , an assault on deutsche telekom caused network problems for 900,000 customers , with officials citing criminals among potential suspects . 
  thyssenkrupp , the steelmaker , which disclosed this month that hackers who stole sensitive data were likely to have been based in southeast asia , said bluntly : `` it is currently virtually impossible to provide viable protection against organised , highly professional , hacking attacks . '' mr str\u00f6bele , who takes a critical view of western as well as non-western intelligence activities , argues that us as well as chinese and russian hackers pose a risk to germany . 
  but government officials say the threat from russia is of a different order because of its suspected state backing , sophisticated interaction with the media and social media and apparent clear political purpose . 
  stephan mayer , the parliamentary interior affairs spokesman for ms merkel 's ruling cdu/csu bloc , sums up the fears , warning : `` it is russia 's intention to destabilise the german government and so weaken our democracy . '' cyber attacks , including `` the kind that in russian doctrine '' are called hybrid warfare , now `` belong to normal daily life '' , warns ms merkel herself , adding : `` we must learn to manage this . '', 
  dutchies always trying to cyberwarfare pro-weed politicans into power . 
  to arms !, 
  to arms !, 
  i second that , not going to hand in the most powerful passport worldwide . 
  we already have a common eu design with those burgundy covers , anyway . 
  switzerland be like : nice try , buds . 
  never heard of `` alt-light '' . 
  what 's that ? 
  please france , do n't fuck this up . 
  europe can survive brexit , but france ? 
  robert schuman did n't reach out his hand for this . 
  pizzagate was a product of the conspiracy machines in the alt-right bubble . 
  people did n't flock to trump because of this , but it deepened already existing ressentiments . 
  it is , however , a good example of the constant bombardement of fake news from the alt-right scene , twisted and constructed out of any random piece of information that does seem fit . 
  if you are not a media savvy person , it is quite easy for you to get sucked into those websites plopping up on your social media timeline . 
  take a litte tour to r/the _ donald and see . 
  pizzagate would be a good start . 
  if an article starts like this :  there will always be those who persist in trying to stop others from telling the truth about abortion . 
  american pro-life activists should be grateful that we live in a country whose laws vigorously protect our right to freedom of speech . 
  there are plenty of other nations -- nominally free and democratic ones , even -- that offer no such buffer from state censorship .
