southern bavarian here . 
  we do n't say that to austrians , they 're brothers . 
  we can trade food and tgv/ices across the border all day long , but please keep your cars in their natural enviroment thanks . 
   it has achieved nothing in terms of intellectual thought which did n't already exist in asia erm , what ? 
  turkish people run kebab , fruits/vegetables or barber shops . 
  poles are cheap craftsmen and italians are either cooks or engineers , as the wages are essentially double to those in italy . 
  there is no shame in running a small business . 
  to reference your radio quote , germany 's backbone is the `` mittelstand '' , family-owned mid-sized companies who are often `` hidden champions '' in their niche , though . 
  there must be a secret eu regulation mandating all taxis to be a mercedes e-class . 
  my paternal grandfather was a wehrmacht officer in the lower ranks , something like lieutenant ( i do n't remember his exact ranks ) . 
  he did n't came from a nazi household ( my great-grandfather was the major of a mid-sized city for the dvp during the weimar republic , a conservative but democratic party ) , and as a officer , he joined a christian community among fellow service members . 
  that was n't exactly illegal , but also something not very welcomed by the nazis and something you should n't be to vocal about in public . 
  he was lucky enough to be stationed in norway as part of the occupational force for most of the war , he did n't see a lot of fighting execpt for the occasional raf bombing raid . 
  however , in 1944 , he * volunteered * to be transfered to the eastern front in what he later called `` a rush of ill-guided , juvenile patriotism '' . 
  he was promoted and was the commanding officer for a small unit , but that is all i know . 
  he refused to speak about his time in the east , so i assume the experience must 've been very traumatic . 
  what i do know is , in 1945 , he ended up in the east prussia pocket , and managed to board one of the last evacuation ships . 
  thank god , because it meant that he spent the rest of the war in northwestern germany and became a british , not a russian pow after the capitualtion . 
  he spent 1-2 years in a camp in belgium , and always expressed how fair and respectful the british treated their prisoners . 
  after his release in 1947 , his home town was in the soviet zone , so he settled in bonn and enrolled in the university . 
  he would n't return to his old home town until after the fall of the wall . 
  on the maternal side , i had a grand-uncle who also fought in the east . 
  the story is that his unit was ambushed , but he and his men managed to get out alive . 
  he cites this as the reason why the studied theology after the war and became a priest . 
  that 's the definition of reckless for me . 
  i would never buy my child as an inexperienced driver a performance car that it probably does n't know how to handle . 
  i 'm not saying the us ca n't build good sports cars , it just feels sort of wrong to drive one in europe . 
  mustangs and corvettes just do n't really fit in , a bit too brash and a driver trying way too hard to look cool . 
  there is an image problem . 
  brands like porsche , jaguar or alfa romeo are seen as premium cars , and owning one is something special . 
  something refined and elegant , that 's what buyes expect from what they label a `` sports car '' . 
  american sports cars always have a sort of `` just drop a giant v8 in it , do nothing about the handling , cover the dashboard in plastics and make it look bonkers '' feeling . 
  not my personal opinion , just what you hear in discussions . 
  and there are the costs . 
  the whole appeal of muscle cars is `` lots of power for affordable money '' . 
  well , that does n't work here . 
  add 20k to a price tag after shipping and import tarriffs , and our gas prices are way higher . 
  camaros or corvettes are n't known for their fuel economy , after all . 
  there are some documents with quasi-consitutional status though , like the magna charta . 
  most sights in vienna should be open , just except some closures at the prater fairground . 
  iirc there 's a chrstmas market open till january 6th . 
  in general , vienna is a city with a lot of indoor sights anyway ( sch\u00f6nbrunn , st. stephan , hofburg ) etc. , so you should be good . 
  my recommendation is munich . 
  there 's a decent chance for snow even for the city itself , and you 're close enough to the alps for a skiing day trip in garmisch or seefeld ( tirol ) . 
  there are no major seasonal closures , and a good selection for nightlife . 
  i can only speak for germany , it his highly controversial . 
  activist groups opposing the treaties are vocal and manage to get noticed , and there is an ongoing debate even within the current cdu/spd coalition gouvernment . 
  to be fair , both sides tend to argue primarily via brief generalizations and exaggerations , which leads to misconceptions and the level of knowledge about this treaty within the general population is lacking . 
  the criticisms tend to focus on three things : the clandestine , non-public negotiations ( all treaties are done this way , next ) ; the implementation of corporate arbitration tribunals outside of the regular national juristiction ( a concept that does exist , but is used to a far lesser extent over here ) ; and fears of ttip hollowing out eu food health & safety regulations - which in general tend to be stricter than in the us . 
  the pro-camp primarily argues with the need of a free trade zone for economic reasons . 
  this . 
  as an addition : upstate new york refers to the rural northern part of the state . 
  it would usher an age of pretty unrefrained us jingoism . 
  the bush ii era comes to mind , so we already sort-of know what to expect . 
  areas to clash from a german perspective are immigration ( merkel and trump are on a different page here , to say the least ) and nato interventions . 
  ttip is highly controversial anyway , should trump end the negotiations the reactions would be split . 
  a lasting damage should not occur . 
  the us is , and always has been an important ally ( probably 2nd behind france ) and germany is the diplomatic go-to guy for foreign powers within the eu . 
  seveal americans told me that they would like to buy small cars , but shy away from it because of safety . 
  the idea is that , in case of an accident , chances are pretty good that the opponent is a big suv or truck , and in that moment , you do n't want to be the one in a fiesta or panda . 
  [ das boot ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7pzkyeiex2y ) - a shockingly realistic depiction about the life on a german wwii submarine , based on the memories of a war correspondent and directed by wolfgang petersen . 
  the 1981 theatrical version may be better known , but the 1985 six-part tv miniseries is the one to watch . 
  [ der tatortreiniger ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=coghuognni4 ) - murders are messy . 
  and after the crime scene unit has secured all the evidence they could find and the detectives have shambled around the area aimlessly , someone has to grab a mop and clean all the blood and debris up . 
  meet the tatortreiniger ( `` crime scene cleaner '' ) and the excentric personalities he encounters during his day job . 
  [ deutschland 83 ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=m4wifro0aig ) - it 's 1983 ( duh ) , tensions during the cold war are high , and plans for a major nato exercise surface . 
  an east german border guard nco gets selected to become a spy and infiltrate the bundeswehr to secure nato intel . 
  maybe if you grew up when marlboro tv commercials were still legal . 
  there is not a single , `` defined '' stereotype about americans in europe . 
  we do maintain stereotypes , but those are to a considerable extent fueled by us mass media : the vapid ca valley girl ; the , erm , chubby american tourist abroad saying things like `` europe is soooo beautiful , it 's like so old and amazing '' loud enough that the entire subway carriage can understand it while wearing a t-shirt with the name of his home state written on it and yes , the redneck . 
  driving a pick-up = redneck . 
  that 's what your friends probalby meant . 
  we have no tv watershed , expect unbeeb 'd fbombs at 10am . 
  despite this , swearing near kids is frowned upon ( amongst the `` civilized '' , at least ) and teachers will act against verbally aggressive kids . 
  in daily life , it obviously depends on the situation.the usual banter among mates can include a lot of swearing , in more professional situations , it is unacceptable . 
  in dialect or slang , it is pretty much impossible to speak completly clean . 
  there are a few no-no words though , like fotze ( the c-word ) . 
  tearing down residential areas in no-one-can-afford-to-live-here london and even more noise pollution in a city with some of the densest air traffic in the world ? 
  suddenly , boris island sounds like a somewhat sane idea . 
  lem me explain : no , they 're not ( at least bavarian style lederhosen ) . 
  but : until the 60s , it was very normal for children to wear short leather pants ( `` knickerbocker '' ) everywhere in germany , they were ruggid and required only infrequent cleaning . 
  because the cover mocks the good ol' super-conservative 50s ( judging by the artstyle ) , it 's probalby a hint to those kind of leather shorts . 
  of course , i was more referring to legal hurdles and the usual bombardement of paperwork normally required to get a study or work permit in a foreign country . 
  agreed . 
  i was in drama club in high school ( do n't laugh ) , and although we always wanted to , doing a bertolt brecht play ( \u2020 1956 ) was n't an option . 
  because copyright and us lacking the funds to pay the royalties . 
  apparently , his heirs are still super-serious about that , even when it comes to amateur shows like us . 
  well , we were angry enough to oust wowereit and platzeck , the state leaders of berlin and brandenburg . 
  and in the end , wasting tax money due to incompetence is obvioulsy not a good thing , but not illegal . 
  corruption is a whole different ballgame , and there are several lawsuits involving major subcontractors ongoing right now . 
  you 're right with schengen , but moving from one eu member to another is the easiest thing in the world and like moving from us state to another , thanks to the liberty of movement . 
  it 's more like an embarrased facepalm reaction . 
  and of course , it gives us another welcomed reason to laugh about berlin and its woeful city administration . 
  in the meantime , munich has just expanded its airport . 
  in the originally estimated time and budget . 
  that 's actually what a lot of people say , just tear it down and start anew . 
  of course , with all the public money already sunk in this clusterfuckery and no political will to call it quits and admit collective incompetence , it 's not a viable option anyway . 
  `` reductio ad hitlerum '' , i like that . 
  i am sorry , but your first argument just sounds like plain arrogance . 
  speaking a minority language without some gouverning body ( english is doing fine without one ) does not confine someone in his linguistic skills to an extent that leads to significant handicaps in his abilites for `` serious intellectual discourse '' .
