  ( i actually played softball myself . 
  it 's fun , i just do n't see the fun in watching that stuff on tv . ), 
  maia-hi maia-hu maia-ha maia-ha-ha well , there 's an earworm for the next week . 
  yes . 
  in the end , bavaria is like all the other states : the cities are red , the rural areas black - munich has had a spd mayor for pretty much forever . 
  it 's just the city/rural-ratio that 's way off down here . 
  also , the economic figures are pretty good and have been for quite some time , so most people just do n't see the need to change the gouvernment . 
  or the libdems . 
  they already are in the who-still-gives-a-sh ** - about-them category . 
  he probably means the whole splendid isolation thing , with occasional team-ups with france . 
  i 'm not a likely merkel voter , but i hate this kind of thinking in regional elections . 
  vote for the party you think is best for your state or city , do n't misuse it as some kind of hollow protest on the national level . 
  yes , there may be minor shifts in the bundesrat , but apart from that , nothing happens . 
  you just potentially jettisoned the future of your state to some populist party . 
  for austria , i 'd say falco instead of christina st\u00fcrmer . 
  no , he 's not just an 80s one hit wonder . 
  the beatles , a-ha , bj\u00f6rk , anouk , arvo p\u00e4rt , u2 ... big names . 
  important names . 
  and then , we approach switzerland . 
  we have more than enough afd voters already , no thanks . 
  language : sorta , culture : no . 
  austria and bavaria , yes ; but not to the rest of germany . 
  no , that 's italian with a russian accent . 
  ah yes , all the glorious victories of the austro-hungarian army . 
  erm ... 
  that 's acutally a pretty big problem . 
  during an operation , a bulgarian nco runs into an french nco . 
  in what language are they supposed to communicate ? 
  and do n't forget : some eu members follow a policy of military neutrality . 
  sweden , finland , or austria for example . 
  austria is acutally pretty hardcore when it comes to that , the `` everlasting neutrality '' is a core motto of the second republic . 
  no encryption needed for classified communications , because good luck finding an basque translator in iran or china . 
  somewhat relevant : https://twitter.com/br24/status/699849452840996864, 
  they are , but their covers can be quite ... something . 
  g\u00f6ring proving his non-existent expertise about aerial warfare once more . 
  consumer tech is a a field we ( europe ) seriously fucked up on , unfortunatly . 
  would finland participate in an eu army ? 
  your core foreign policiy is military neutrality , after all . 
  same for sweden and austria . 
  no generalgouvernement for merkelreich ? 
  also : where 's the celtic union ? 
  i guess something rather unhealthy chocked up by sonic the hedgehog . 
  somewhat relevant : http://d28hgpri8am2if.cloudfront.net/book_images/onix/cvr9781476764443/you-cant-make-this-stuff-up-9781476764443_hr.jpg, 
  oh lawd , dis gon na be good . 
  what 's next ? 
  jeremy clarkson for transport ? 
  simon cowell for culture ? 
  jacob rees-mogg or john bercow as leaders for maximum entertainment . 
  do n't arrive with hard facts when impulsive emotions and gut feelings rule our time . 
  the remain campaign has thorougly failed to point out that in case of an exit , ze bloody germans would finally rule europe unopposed , with france being mired in a metric fuckton of domestic issues featuring a weak president . 
  a prospect to pale and scare even the most hardcore ukip supporter in dumbfuckton-on-the-sea , northhumberland . 
  germany , where you can campaign with the slogan '' [ no ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/4/40/cdu_wahlkampfplakat_-_kaspl019.jpg ) [ experiments ] ( http://fbc.pionier.net.pl/zbiorki/content/1564/9_dsc_7889_crop.jpg ) '' . 
   economically illiterate far-left zealots who live in an alternative reality i can say the same thing about the conservatives , if i want to . 
  who needs welfare , enviromental protection and income equality , as long as the gdp rises , amirite ? 
  even offical gouvermental data suggests ( armutsbericht ) , that people with longer incomes get increasingly left behind . 
  thuringia has a left ministerpr\u00e4sident , and i have yet to see the red flags getting hoisted in erfurt . 
  against dobrindt 's toll , against telecommunicatons data retention , against public-private partnerships , traditional green positions on enviromental and agrarian topics , more investments in railways , deregulation of cannabis , easeing of the austerity policies on greece . 
  i can get behind this . 
  and i do n't care about his haircut . 
  von notz came to prominence as the head of the nsa-untersuchungsausschuss . 
  yeah , hamburg-scholz , who does a decent job and is a member of the center-right spd wing and trittin may not have a high-ranking office at this moment , but still is a prominent and influential member of the greens . 
  he would be an interesting pick for the foreign office , for example . 
  what 's wrong with hofreiter ? 
  most heads on the poster a talented , competent politicans - some selctions just seem arbitary and for maximum shock value . 
  kipping for defense and roth for the foreign office do n't make any sense , and wagenknecht is just a very polarizing name . 
  stegner is , after his controversies , also an unlikely selection . 
  pretty telling that , for example , trittin , scholz or von notz are not on this poster . 
  wagenknecht may be controversial , but what is the problem with maas or hofreiter ? 
  ohmagawd , he speakes mild dialect and wears long hair !, 
  and roth for foreign secretary . 
  yeah , sure . 
  also , a ju poster . 
  very unbiased . 
  i said partly irrational . 
  if you do n't like the policies of the linke , fine , that 's your opinion . 
  ( for the record , i probably wo n't vote linke in september ) . 
  the `` irrational '' is the constant sed !!!, 
  ! 11 screaming which the cdu gladly fuels . 
  it 's getting ridiculous . 
  your point being ... 
  if you crave for dilapidated steel mills , 60s city planning gone wrong and yet another friesland , go ahead . 
  do n't forget christoph `` hans landa '' waltz . 
  the saarland effect - the ( partly irrational ) fear of rot-rot-gr\u00fcn in the mainstream ( spd-gr\u00fcne-linke ) starts kicking in . 
  deitschland / de deitschn in mountain german . 
  warm * obreinter * leberk\u00e4se , an egg and a wei\u00dfbier - it 's the simple things in life . 
  and where can i find my lebensraum ? 
  someone tries to trigger ireland . 
  ah , the lady that was not for turning ? 
  the political climate may have helped , but jamala easily had the best song too . 
  too good for eurovision , probably . 
  when and why grew the daily mail 's love for europe sour ? 
  a quite narrow majority , though . 
  and there 's the bundesrat . 
  almost all l\u00e4nder without the cdu/csu in the gouverment ( berlin , brandenburg , bremen , hamburg , lower saxony , nrw , rhineland-p , sh , thuringia ) have to vote yes for this to pass . 
  only hamburg or bremen could vote against . 
  bavaria ( csu ) will vote no , and for the remaining states , the most likely scenario is the cdu forcing an abstention , with the respective state gouverments unable to find a common ground for their vote . 
  u/bumaye94 is correct when he blames the cold war and the separation of berlin . 
  west berlin unavailable as a capital ( and technically , it was n't even part of west germany ) , so all surviving institutions moved to the west . 
  and now , the western cities obivously do n't have any desire to hand their trophies back to berlin . 
  it often would n't make any sense anyway , or why should lufthansa give up their big fortress hub in frankfurt and move to a smaller airport in berlin that is n't even finished ?
