k m8, 
  yes , i 'm trying to see peoples reactions, 
  * joke *, 
  the ads are in estonian but if you go to the shop that rents the ads you will have a hard time finding soneone who speaks the language . 
  yes the city was bombed to shit in ww2 and the estonians were n't allowed to come back to the city , instead they pumped it full of random russian factory workers . 
  now it 's 90 % russian speaking . 
  same in estonia , probably conducted this review in narva where a lot of religious russians live . 
  19 degrees is warm summer day wtf, 
  dude some old russian nuclear sub blueprints wont help their enemies much, 
  go fuck off with your `` ukraine is a us puppet '' shit, 
  yes because it 's so rare to be european ... 
  dude austria was as far north as the went past western europe, 
   munamagis the most latvian word in the world, 
  yes , liv\u00f5 nr 1, 
  tallink is finnish and mcdonalds is russian, 
  iam magicciab and am of buyeing pronnhub pre mium, 
  hahahaha gona stil ure credt cart numberr, 
  i think krakow is the most obvious one, 
  i 've never seen it spelled cracow before , i thought it was krak\u00f3w, 
  * spasiiba or spas\u00edba * sivodnja, 
  this is much better to read than the thing op made . 
  beer , vodka , gin, 
  haha, 
  including russia ? 
  i had to think for a moment what ez is . 
  if they shoot american soldiers america will get involved . 
  maybe national euro banknotes ? 
  hahaha west europeans value being gay, 
  enlighten me , how to do this ? 
  are the urls the same of sonething ? 
  this is shit . 
  if cyrillic heathens were to convert , they should make a new alphabet not shit on the old one . 
  so why make \u0441\u043f\u043e\u0441\u0438\u0431\u043e into sposibo , when it 's actually spasiiba . 
  also why make \u042f\u043a\u0443\u0442\u0441\u043a into \u00c4kutsk when it 's really jakutsk . 
  they should continue to use \u044a and instead of \u044c use ' . 
  i think it should be spasiiba , ja f polnam parjadkje . 
  the listings are still in german . 
  does n't really matter since i can kinda understand german but it 's still annoying, 
  i hope they make amazon.eu and ebay.eu, 
  what is so bad about taxing churches ? 
  yes , if you made a new country , but this was the continuation of the estonian republic . 
  did you forget / s ? 
  yes but if this shit continues our beer will cost as much as in finland, 
  yes , they stopped doing that in the year 2000 , because everyone who wanted a passport got one . 
  should russia have mongolian as an official language country-wide because it was occupied by it for 200 years ? 
  i do n't think so , also before 1940 estonia had more swedes than russians . 
  now the stupid estonian socialist/left-wing government will lose even more tax money , nice . 
  proof that eesti can into nordic . 
  actually like a few years ago they built a huge highway through it, 
  try first to get cock-blocked by the russians and then come back, 
  no it 's a tool for russia to say : no sanctions or no gas, 
  mine ? 
  retard , please kindly go kys, 
  dude they are far-leftist cunts, 
  heh i did n't know that battery was finnish, 
  also hungarians are n't pro-kremlin, 
  estonian and latvian citizenship also existed pre-soviet . 
  meanwhile russia has n't stopped praising communists . 
  i know, 
  no it 's a joke because gypsies are called romanian citizens, 
  are those real romanians or `` romanian citizens '', 
  few thousand ee immigrants \u2260 millions of africans who have nothing in common with europeans, 
  in estonia effectively only foreigners who want to apply for citizenship have to denounce their old one . 
  people who are estonian by blood have their citizenship protected by the constitution , so they can have dual citizenship . 
  tl ; dr they take away your citizenship if you have dual citizenship , but the constitution does n't allow removal of citizenship from estonians by blood . 
  there also are n't any fines . 
  when you 're flying and going through the gate the person there who checks your passport could n't give a less of a fuck since you are in a transit area . 
  the passport control is later . 
   flag-ball thing hurts inside, 
  or we could just fucking guard our borders ?? 
  bombings are better than sterilizations though ? 
  in estonia most public pools have naked only saunas . 
  lots of fat people there scrubbing themselves . 
  do you have finnish or estonian roots by any chance ? 
  would be nice , but economics do n't work like that . 
  dude , that 's like saying that those who were drafted into the german army in ww2 were 100 % nazis and should be hanged , while clearly it was a nessecity to make your life easier, 
  for example : andrus ansip was the estonian prime minister from 2005 to 2014 , he is definitely not a communist , though he was in the communist party . 
  yes , no ( because his parents moved to the us because of the communists ) , no, 
  dude , everybody who wanted to be somebody was in the communist party or in the communist youth programs, 
  anton ? 
  are the swedes in finland oppressed or something ? 
   roma when you 're such an asshole that you have to change your name, 
  til today was written to-day, 
  this is a joke , i do not want to be banned pls no ban plox, 
  my dad went on a company trip with coworkers and one guy did n't show up . 
  turns out he was shot and later found dead . 
  just everyday things . 
  this happened in the early 90 's in mighty land of eesti, 
  proosit, 
  it 's cancer , i like the dark, 
  * second civil war, 
  finland is more east than estonia, 
  estonia has 12 public holidays and 28 vacation days , hahaha, 
  events sind verboten, 
   [ article in finnish ] the best way to describe this whole thing, 
  * w\u00f6rk, 
  communist dictator = bad , there should n't be a discussion about this, 
  2 countries in europe have the word vittu, 
  why do they still have a square named after tito ? 
  i would have expected this rather from the serbs .
