you mean mh17, 
  what are the differences ? 
  could you elaborate ? 
  hmm i do n't know . 
  all the numerous spaniards i know are drunkards . 
  might be due to the fact that they all live in berlin , though . 
  yes , they are fruits biologically . 
  which does n't stop them from being vegetables in the gastronomical sense , just like cucumbers , aubergines , peas and beans . 
  polish cuisine is awesome , i think everybody agrees on that . 
  there is sauerkraut everywhere , who would n't love that ? 
  tomatoes are vegetables , when will people get that ? 
  true . 
  but still , those months of partying are actually months of getting to know and making friends with students from other countries , which is far more important than mere studying . 
  story time !, 
  tell us more !, 
  catholics believe in saints and virgin births and other superstitions . 
  okay , thanks !, 
  btw , if you 're interested in the topic , have a look at daniele ganser 's book , it 's supposed to be excellent and the man is great in general . 
  have n't read it though yet , as you can tell . 
  wait , is n't this a proven fact ? 
  this . 
  never understood why anyone would drink beer from a can . 
  you can phone people via television ? 
  while i clearly salute your insight , let me assure you that not many of the other countries in the world are better . 
  we all would have committed similar crimes , had we had the means . 
  they are zero km from each other . 
  along the border . 
  eeeh draghi * was * at goldman before going to the ecb, 
  yes that is all true what you say but how is it relevant to the case at hand ? 
  you 're searching in english though, 
  and erdo\u011fan is white, 
  ... or jesus, 
  i wan na see that written in hieroglyphs . 
  muahaha i 'm not sure why i find this funny but i do . 
  ursache in german . 
  that 's not what he means . 
  the word barbarian is of greek origin , it 's onomatopoietic and means : people who sound like bar bar bar bar , or as we 'd say it nowadays , bla bla bla . 
  the socialist party in hungary bears this name only due to historical reasons . 
  their policies , especially in those eight years , had nothing socialistic about them , but rather the usual neoliberal touch . 
  just as in slovakia , there is no real leftist party in hungary . 
  sounds like most of latin america , really, 
  the article specifically discusses underage men , they have no wives . 
  it 's not meant to be an excuse , just an explanation . 
  that 's not the same . 
  source ? 
  the article you 're commenting ? 
  wait , palm trees survive snow ? 
  so why do n't they grow up here in central europe ? 
  hmm , i do n't know that guy , i 'm only familiar with the krampus !, 
  sorry , i assumed santa claus = nikolaus , not weihnachtsmann . 
  i should n't have used the english term , i agree it 's rather confusing this way . 
  same in hungary !, 
  one more reason for that friendship thing !, 
  that 's the same thing in hungary , austria and at least bavaria , maybe more parts of germany . 
  it 's st. nicolas on december 6th and baby jesus on 24th . 
  edit : replaced santa claus with st. nicolas for clarity . 
  no , not on their own soil , apart from the civil war of course . 
  but you talked about starting wars , there was nothing about the location of the war in your post . 
  from the top of my head , they started wars at least in iraq , vietnam , grenada , the dominican republic , honduras , panama . 
  they tried in cuba in the bay of pigs . 
  plus there were many more hostilities towards other nations which would not qualify as war , where other nations were involved or that were started indirectly , i.e. 
  by the cia . 
  such as chile , afghanistan , iran , yugoslavia , syria , libya , etc. 
  eeeh what about the us then ? 
  there 's a video on youtube from the 1980es , about the last monolingual welsh speaker , he was an old shepherd . 
  yes , go to bruges and ghent !, 
  yes , please do some research about the cuisine if each place , before going there and do n't be afraid to try some weirder stuff . 
  there are sometimes vast gastronomical differences between countries , so it 's worth exploring as much as you can , but especially western europe is full of non-local food ( italian , thai , etc ) , so it makes sense to know in advance where to eat . 
  for the same reason , it 's a derivation of paedophiliac . 
  yes, 
  in germany there 's a pervasive clich\u00e9 that people munich are supposed to be unfriendly and arrogant . 
  i think you 're the first person to ever say that . 
  yes , what about our lovely friendship ? 
  how convenient that now with shutting down the central european university , hungary is being criticized again by european leaders . 
  a great opportunity to build up anti-eu sentiments among the electorate . 
  pm me ( i 'm in berlin and work in software ), 
  nice  i would n't have understood without the translation , but with it it makes total sense , thanks !, 
  wow . 
  not one single letter matches . 
  our relationship is grossly overstated . 
  apart from a few words from hunter-gatherer times which have gone through numerous vowel and consonant shifts since our common time back in the ural there 's not much connection . 
  you wo n't believe how often i was asked : `` oh , your hungarian ? 
  so you understand finnish ? '', 
  probably the distance is similar to from hindi to irish . 
  wait , serbo-croatian uses w and y ? 
  also , he 's a much better player, 
  hahahaha  well played , sir . 
  haha good one, 
  you mean the iron curtain ? 
  do n't hate them . 
  hate kaiser wilhelm ii . 
  please look up the definition of `` language '' e.g. 
  on wikipedia before arguing any further . 
  no reason to downvote this guy . 
  he is right , you all lost . 
  yugoslavia was a wonderful place , too bad you destroyed it . 
  is n't it drama in every european language ? 
  you 're wrong there , many conservative muslims vote cdu . 
  they may be christian , but at least not secular . 
  exactly .
