wait , are you saying there 's no resentment to the eu in other european states ? 
  are you kidding me ? 
  finnland , poland and denmark have either right wing populists parties in the government or their governments rely on their support . 
  france and austria almost ended up having hardcore nationalists as this presidents . 
  a large number of countries ( netherlands , sweden ... ) have large right wing populists parties that make ukip look like jokes , and who most likely end up in the government at the next elections . 
  let 's not even talk about hungary . 
  you obviously do n't understand the psychology of separatists . 
  threats just gives them more members . 
  the us has a shit ton of military in the uk and wo n't give that up any time soon . 
  militarily the uk is more important to the us than germany . 
  why do you say `` even '' ? 
  the whole idea of the german system is to ensure not all parties get in parliament , because of the cluster guck that was the weimar republic parliament . 
  at the last election that led to 15 % of the vote simply being ignored . 
  plus the netherlands has a much much much longer history of democracy than germany, 
  oh man , imagine trump was king . 
  sure he would n't be able to dictate policy , but that does n't seem to be much different from now . 
  man there so so many other things in the modern era which do n't seem normal . 
  like wearing ties !, 
  what 's up with that ? 
  does n't make any sense ... 
  best christmas markets are the ones where you need the gl\u00fchwein to stay warm . 
  which makes up a small part of the economy . 
  the majority is privately owned ... [ `` denmark 's prime minister says bernie sanders is wrong to call his country socialist '' ] ( http://www.vox.com/2015/10/31/9650030/denmark-prime-minister-bernie-sanders ), 
  their radicalisation is a reaction to the large contrast between their conservative religious believes and the liberal society they live in . 
  they feel alienated by society and decide to fight it . 
  so i guess the larger the contrast the more likely is radicalisation . 
  not for believing it 's a lie , but for claiming it 's a lie . 
  i think he wanted to say that `` eurofighter '' gave up on getting a contract in denmark . 
  nah , putin is more clever than this . 
  he will vote for western troops in syria in exchange for eu sanctions against russia to be lifted . 
  and it will not even be requested by france . 
  now one day after the attacks there are no plans for the council to meet . 
  no it 's not . 
  it 's decided by the north atlantic council . 
  france can submit the request to the council and the council will decide to invoke article 5 or not . 
  article 5 . 
  only asks for assistance . 
  article 5 does n't say that if you send troops i need to send troops . 
  it just asks nato countries to assist other nato countries in their actions . 
   article 5 . 
  ... will assist the party or parties so attacked by taking forthwith , individually and in concert with the other parties , such action as it deems necessary , including the use of armed force , to restore and maintain the security of the north atlantic area . 
  i can imagine that if france goes in the us will definitely assist them with the 6th fleet . 
   now is the perfect time for nato to ally with russia . 
  now it 's the perfect time for russia to demand eu sanctions to be lifted in order to support nato actions against is ... 
  considering the falklands :  article 6 . 
  for the purpose of article 5 , an armed attack on one or more of the parties is deemed to include an armed attack : \u2022 on the territory of any of the parties in europe or north america , on the algerian departments of france ( 2 ) , on the territory of or on the ** islands under the jurisdiction of any of the parties in the north atlantic area north of the tropic of cancer ** ; \u2022 on the forces , vessels , or aircraft of any of the parties , when in or over these territories or any other area in europe in which occupation forces of any of the parties were stationed on the date when the treaty entered into force or the mediterranean sea or the north atlantic area north of the tropic of cancer . 
  there is no automatism for article 5 being invoked . 
  it will be invoked if the nato members decide that it should be invoked . 
  that 's not the problem . 
  there is enough sun for them to be economical . 
  the problem was that the german solar industry heavily relied on subsidies . 
  when those went away it turned out that they could in no way compete with chinese manufacturers . 
   trickle-down economy actually it 's not trickle-down economy . 
  trickle down usually refers to the richer population receiving a ( tax ) benefit with the hope that it somehow ends up with the poorer part of the population . 
  these $ 21bn are not a tax break on the high income earners . 
  you could see it as a stimulus package for a very specific part of the economy . 
  ah ok , yeah i agree with you there !, 
  actually i think the biggest problem is caused by the convention , since it will result in the neighbouring countries to cary all the burden . 
  so the best would have been if the convention would have included a distribution of refugees to all signatory countries . 
  and actually it is . 
  that 's why you usually have a big increase in gdp after major disasters , especially in developed countries like japan . 
  of course the disadvantage is that you have to take on debt . 
  in germany 's case that would n't even be a problem , because we pay negative interest rates . 
  i mean just look at the iraq war for example . 
  where do you think those billions ended up going . 
  they do n't evaporate . 
  they ended up with the contractors and defence industry . 
  war is a brilliant way to channel tax money to certain companies . 
  in germany 's case the money will end up with companies that build and supply shelters etc , but also teachers . 
  however i can already see those companies struggling once the subsidies run out , and of course like so many companies they forgot to plan for the time after the party is over . 
  that 's actually the biggest danger of subsidies . 
  see the german solar industry . 
  but you agree that legitimate refugees should be let in ? 
  if a country is so unwilling to let in legitimate refugees they should simply resign from the geneva convention on refugees . 
  done . 
  yes and that spectrum is barely paying any taxes . 
  did you know that the top 50 % income earners pay around 95 % of all income tax ? 
  the bottom 50 % could only be hurt if the vat tax would be raised , which it sure wo n't because of those $ 21bn . 
  that sounds even more questionable . 
  especially since poor people pay close to zero taxes . 
  these are the official numbers of asylum applications published by the german government each month . 
  and you are right until april/may the majority of applicants were from the balkan countries . 
  however that has changed dramatically since summer . 
   most of us are concerned that the majority of them are not refugees ( been proven time and time again only 20 % are ) so we really do n't want them here in the first place , let alone to pay for them . 
  bullshit , since august/september more than 50 % are from syria , iraq and afghanistan . 
  it was at the beginning of the year that those numbers were closer to 30 % but that has changed dramatically since summer . 
  yeah , but that 's not $ 21bn handed out in cash and leaving the country . 
  this is $ 21bn which goes back into the german economy . 
  the only one who wo n't like it is sch\u00e4uble . 
   \u2022 masdar city will cost roughly $ 20.5 billion - an entire city that 's sustainable , zero-carbon , zero-waste ecology and car free . 
  an entire city build with slave labour in abu dhabi . 
  pragmatism and realpolitik . 
  it 's men like him who we have to thank that the cold war did n't turn hot . 
  what ever happened to him ? 
  have n't seen him in ages . 
  she 's missing his gravitas and his very deep understanding of european history . 
  where the hell is anyone saying that it was justified ? 
  why is that even important ? 
  the only thing important is to understand what happened and why it happened . 
  and that 's what schmidt was doing , as always .
