  concerning the what : he says the red cross estimate of 2600 casualties is way too high , hell even amnesty international says it was more in the order of hundreds to 1000 . 
  and why did it happen ? 
  schmidt 's assumption is that armed soldier were send to the scene who had no idea how to handle it , because they were not trained for it . 
  i think you do n't even understand why his statements were considered controversial . 
  it 's because he seems to say that the protests escalated into a massacre because of the fighting between the protesters and the soldiers and not because it was ordered by the higher ups , especially by deng xiaoping . 
  schmidt basically says that because of lack of facts he does n't want to blame deng . 
  because it 's too difficult to find out what all happened back then , and we 'll never know the truth . 
  how anyone can blame schmidt for that opinion is beyond me . 
  but of course some shit journalists managed to make a sexy story out of it . 
  he did n't defend it . 
  he simply said the casualty numbers published by the red cross did n't match with what he heard from the german , british and american embassies right after the event . 
  plus he said that in his opinion the problem was that china at that time did n't have a riot police and instead had to use the military , who by nature only knew how to use deadly force when they were attacked with molotov cocktails and rocks . 
  just as always he staid very rational and factual when he talked about this . 
  it seems like you believe spying is only done for military intelligence . 
  however , modern intelligence agencies gather data on all kinds of matters to be able to give proper advice to the government on the stance of a foreign government on any issue . 
  just take the current refugee crisis . 
  the german government is for sure interested in what the spanish government is discussing behind closed doors about their plans to tackle the issue . 
  the more information one party has about the other the better they can negotiate . 
  yeah , but nobody was more outraged than our media and the common people on the street . 
  actually our politicians were not nearly as upset as the general public , maybe except for the one or other delusional green politician . 
  how do you know this family only takes and gives nothing back ? 
  in fact you do n't know anything about this family . 
   they want to live a free and easy life on our expense . 
  well , that 's what most western europeans thought about polish immigrants in the 90s . 
  think about that . 
  how can anyone not love the national parks and the nps ? 
  til czechs drink something else than beer . 
  oh yeah , and good luck finding the cheapest ticket option on the db ticket machines . 
  actually i agree with that . 
  oh man , a couple of weeks ago there was this foreigner on / r/germany who was completely surprised that people in cologne were not super excited about the oktoberfest in munich . 
  i live in the netherlands and my impression is that weed is definitely not as socially tolerated as beer or wine . 
  also most of my dutch friends drink alcohol but none of them smokes weed . 
  many of them never even tried it . 
  so while it is tolerated , dicriminalized and openly available , there is still some sort of negative stigma attached to it . 
  especially americans should realize that it was even build after the us civil war . 
  actually it was finished 30 years after the civil war !, 
  yeah , but the other problem is that a lot of german castles were actually completely rebuild during the romanticism period in the 1800s . 
  also during that period a lot of old ruins [ along the rhine were rebuild ] ( https://de.wikipedia.org/wiki/rheinromantik ) . 
  so most of our famous castles do n't look anything like they were intended by the actual builders , but they look like how nobility in the 1880s imagined medieval castles to look like . 
  funny how nobody here has mentioned yet the db air conditioning debacle . 
  every friggin ' summer !, 
   maybe you got that impression because a lot of younger , germans ( actually young people from all over the world , who are on average more optimistic about their future ) comment in english , on english language websites . 
  ok , now it 's also clear who 's responsible for the pessimistic comments on english language sites / s, 
   it 's the exact same on english-language websites . 
  i disagree . 
  while you find many pessimistic attitudes on english language website , the big difference is that in germany it 's the vast majority . 
   it has n't . 
  the researchers and the bbc begs to differ : [ `` germany passes japan to have world 's lowest birth rate - study '' ] ( http://www.bbc.com/news/world-europe-32929962 ), 
  definitely this . 
  after reading comments on german news sites you just want to cut your wrists . 
  not because of their stupidity , but because of the unbelievable amount of pessimism . 
  seriously , if there would be news about cancer being cured all germans would complain about the impending overpopulation and that the big pharmaceutical companies will anyways screw us all . 
  no wonder germany has the lowest birth rate in the entire world . 
  actually i find it extremely insulting if someone lets me wait for them . 
  it 's like them saying : `` i do n't give a fuck about you anyways '' . 
  the eu only exists since the maastricht treaty of 1993 . 
  before that we had the ecc which mostly focused on economic integration . 
  and it 's this economic integration which held europe together for the past 60 + years . 
  even if the eu would break apart , there is no reason for the economic integration to be reversed . 
  and i agree with you 100 % . 
  i am german and live in the netherlands and yes their system seems to work great . 
  but still we have a problem with burglaries committed by junkies . 
  at least where i 'm living . 
  i guess not all junkies like to make use of the programs . 
  those drug prices will never get much lower , because it 's an inelastic good by nature . 
  addicts wo n't change their buying habits if it 's $ 5 or $ 50 . 
   what about the other junkie who does n't rob people 's houses ? 
  should he get locked up just because other people are being dopes ? 
  nobody here ever said that and i do n't know why you keep on putting words in other people 's mouth . 
  just look at what / u/kilazur initially wrote and what you replied . 
  he simply showed concern about hard drug use . 
  you basically condemned him for being concerned . 
  i just said that hard drug users are a legitimate concern for public safety . 
  and nobody ( except you ) talks here about locking up people for using drugs . 
  the problem is that addicts of hard drugs usually end up committing property crimes , because they need money for their next fix . 
  so you are saying that junkies do n't have an effect on other people ? 
  tell that to all the people whose homes were burglarised by junkies . 
  that 's not entirely true . 
  while in the beginning of the year the majority of asylum seekers were from balkan states , this has changed dramatically in august . 
  since then the majority of refugees come from war torn countries such as syria , afghanistan and iraq . 
  do n't forget that germany was already the number 1 exporting country in the entire world ... in the 1980s . 
  it 's not like germany became an export powerhouse thanks to the euro . 
  but ok , all he did was announce the opening of the wall a few hours too early . 
  i actually doubt the outcome would have been any different if those hundred of thousands of people had shown up at the border the next morning instead of right away . 
  the border guards would have been anyways completely overwhelmed . 
  the health care system in the us is heavily regulated . 
  just in the wrong way . 
  in general , a lot of companies are in favour of regulations , because they often limit the competition . 
  in a lot of sectors the very last thing companies want is an unregulated market . 
   editors of virtually all major german newspapers bullshit . 
  they only mention sueddeutsche , zeit , welt and faz . 
  you are now trying to tell me that the turkish public gives a fuck when stuff happens in the ` west ' ? 
  eh , maybe because most people here know that this isis terrorist would consider each one of us as his enemy ? 
  yeah i have the exact same opinion . 
  i 'm a german living in the netherlands . 
  and i was absolutely shocked when they thought about introducing a road tax based on driven kilometers , which would require everyone to have a gps device installed in their car and the debate was not about privacy , but about the costs !, 
  actually every single dutch friend and colleague of mine who i complained to about the privacy concerns looked at me like they had no idea why it would be a problem . 
  plus not so long ago the dutch government installed cameras with automatic license-plate recording at every major border crossing , and again the dutch public could n't care less . 
  also since a couple of years ago you do n't have to fill in your income and savings into the tax software , because this info is automatically downloaded from the tax office website . 
  so yeah the government always knows how much i earn and how much money is on my accounts .
