you 're feeding yourself with hate just like they do . 
  your reaction is exactly what they want , and to be honest it is n't any better . 
  toilet paper is at least useful . 
  this is what you get for allowing tabloids like dailymail and the sun to spew lies and incite hatred . 
  does people take tabloids like dailymail or the sun seriously in uk ? 
  i tried to think about some kind of mature answer to this , but only thing that comes to my mind is `` ayy lmao '' . 
  it 's never too late to at least try and treat people like equals and individuals . 
  hate will make you blind . 
  i wholeheartedly wish you are going to realize it someday . 
  someone has to post it first you know . 
  good to know what your agenda is . 
  so are you a member of `` freies schlesien '' , '' reconquista germania '' , `` deutsches reich '' or just regular npd ? 
  pretty much spot on . 
  could n't get more accurate than that . 
  there have been a significant spike in hate crimes since brexit . 
  add a bias in media to this , and here we are sitting on a powderkeg . 
  wow that was really low . 
  seconded . 
  this one time i agree with her . 
  schadenfreude is real ;p, 
  shoo shooo, 
  shoosh you troll . 
  gdansk is a must . 
  warsaw can dissapoint , krakow can dissapoint some , gdansk will leave most speechless . 
  xenophobia and racism is well and alive everywhere . 
  and we are n't any better . 
  when it comes to roma , lgbt and muslims we are n't any better . 
  what a shitshow . 
  ruralities in germany are just like that too . 
  `` social dumping '' are you by chance one of the racist described in the link ? 
  next ferry service ? 
  which have been proven true almost instantly right after . 
  stuff like this is nothing new in uk , just now it landed in the spotlight . 
  poles and the whole eastern europe are perfect scapegoats for everything . 
  inb4 : brexit happened because of 2004 eu expansion . 
  the new government of poland has stopped issuing visas for north korean `` workers '' already . 
  this news are kinda outdated . 
  the `` liberal '' pro-eu government that has been in power for the last eight years allowed this situation to flourish . 
  almost everyone is completely commited to this whole united europe thing , only almost everyone sees it in a different way . 
  where have you taken this `` 17 out 28 '' , i ca n't even name 10 or even 5 that agree on how eu supposed to look like . 
  in the future yes , absolutely . 
  personally i 'm all for it . 
  at this point after one of the members splitting up , the whole idea would be seen as further disintegration instead of integration . 
  we got to win people hearts back in the eu first , that 's it . 
  because `` levels '' and terms that would apply to them is something different for everyone . 
  there would be at least 12 different versions of the `` closer union '' the problem is that federalists push for the founders based closed union , which would make other members isolated . 
  what if south or east will have their own visions of further integration , do you belevie that six founding nations would all of sudden agree with that . 
  we are talking about equal future for all 27 members , splitting eu even further after brexit is nothing that even slightly resemble `` closer union/integration '' , it sounds like a disaster . 
  nordic and nw members altruistic ... oh man you are going to be dissapointed as soon as reality kicks in . 
  oh , i tought you were serious . 
  so like 3-4 of them that actually agree on some things , and the rest just gtfo . 
  `` we 're boss now , you stay and listen or leave . '', 
  what a great idea !!!, 
  this will soooo win back hearts of the people in the eu . 
  are n't we 27 equal members of the european union anyway ? 
  who is going to choose which countries to take in , what if some will want it on different terms . 
  will six founder members of the eu suddenly say `` we 're boss now '' . 
  there are 27 equal members in the eu , how are you going to explain them that we are n't anymore . 
  first day of tier based eu will also be the first day of it 's end . 
  what have you done bloody wankers !!, 
  we can call it further integration , those left behind will call it isolation . 
  i ca n't quite comprehend how that would help eu in any way . 
  who is going to choose which countries to take into closer union , what if some would want it on different terms . 
  what if closer union is something different for poles or spaniards , or even dutch and germans . 
  we are all members of the european union , we are either equal or we cease to exist . 
  how is inviting only 6 leaders is supposed to win hearts of the people ? 
  almost everwhere huge amount of population is eurosceptic . 
  ignoring them would be a recipe for disaster at this point . 
  win them first thats it . 
  spot on , there is no journalism anymore just activism and marketing . 
  not that they lie , but getting actual facts from media is getting close to impossible . 
  horrible bias no matter what side they are taking . 
  i was waiting for someone putting blame for brexit and horrible eu politics on eastern eu expansion . 
  some people simply do n't dissapoint . 
  where does your arrogance , ignorance and blatant prejudice comes from . 
  isolating half of the eu members is a recipe for disaster much bigger than brexit . 
  you are n't any better than ultra nationalists with only diffrence you picking up the other scapegoat . 
  yes please . 
  you ca n't take complain out of the british . 
  aww, 
  absolutely . 
  sadly that was the only version in english i could find . 
  research is still accurate though and comply with academic norms . 
  latest polls in germany shows that actually majority of people here would agree with him . 
  gdansk is a must . 
  sorry we do n't understand arabic here . 
  best arguments for brexit i have seen here . 
  logic like this baffles me . 
  it 's your own government who let polish workers in , and it 's the employers that exploit british workers by paying shitty wages , yet somehow you can still find a reason to put blame on poles or poland . 
  by this logic you exploit workers in norway too , not to mention you being an immigrant yourself in a much richer country than britain . 
  i feel sorry for people who vote to leave because they do n't like the poles . 
  eu subventions is not a charity . 
  most eurosceptics want eu to be reformed and not dissolved . 
  they can get british passports after 5 years . 
  the thing is that those 17 % think that you are stupid . 
  no respect between both has lead to the polarisation and toxicity in the society , that can be easily observed here at the moment . 
  to bo honest i blame both sides . 
  not a single one , some people ca n't comprehend that . 
  politicians might look like they are stupid , but they are n't . 
  everything have a reason .
