   i think the mexican playoffs are the ideal , as every season it gives 8 teams a good chance to win the league . 
  nah , it only ended up fostering mediocrity . 
  you are forgetting martin bravo and kristian alvarez to veracruz . 
  neither atlas nor xolos have officially confirmed it , but the same sources i used for the summer transfer thread are saying he is already with atlas . 
  along with the news of marchsin , record has `` confirmed '' the addition of chrisitan paredes from sol de am\u00e9rica , paraguay, 
  [ link ] ( http://www.record.com.mx/futbol-futbol-nacional-liga-mx-america/marchesin-llegara-america-cambio-de-3-aguilas ), 
  is people having problems with the transmission ? 
  mine did n't work properly or at all until min 30, 
  i just imagine gignac with booker t 's entrance :, 
  `` do you dig it , sucka ! '', 
  ref was awful , mostly to leon but tigres also suffered some bad calls . 
  goku wishes he was that good, 
   mostly to leon, 
  i am not denying gignac 's goal was the result of not calling an offside , i am just stating that he was , overall , awful, 
  * can you dig it , sucka !, 
  sure , have a sub instead of a starting xi player . 
  it is pretty clear you barely watch at all, 
  bull , you only saw the final . 
  abraham is mostly a sub . 
   the legend of zelda : majora 's mask frightened the hell out of me when i was young for all kinds of reasons . 
  i imagine many people felt the same . 
  the thing that creeped me the most as a kid is that nobody remembered me . 
  and even when i had evidence of said encounter , they still would n't remember me . 
  sheamus triggered, 
  the thing is that the amount of pormotion of both him as a wrestler and his merchindise should outshine those without the same level of promotion , which is not the case . 
  that is why he not beign the # 1 seller demonstrates that his ability to draw is limited . 
  aj been reading * waaay * to much wreddit, 
  cena heel turn confirmed , or just weird burial attempt at the today show, 
  meta cena is weirdly compelling, 
  i have only one question from the show , did dbryan made a slight benoit reference at the start ? 
  rumor has it that the have been doing it the wcw way , contract is not signed by the team but by another entity . 
  el francotirador from record wrote about beign chiapa 's goverment when talking about moi 's contract . 
  well , that was disappointing, 
  not again !, 
  3 fucking years , vince !, 
  can you hear that vince ?!, 
  no one fucking wants him !, 
  thank god !, 
  get roman out of my tv !, 
  rightfully suspended 2 times :, 
  * primary school : 1 chairshoot to the head and a diving headbutt from a table from the school cafeteria . 
  * middle school : some chairshoots to the head , a ( failed ) german suplex and was interrupted while trying the crippler 's crossface . 
  he normally signs either for a year or for a season , which in some cases said season only last a semester . 
  what an achievement , specially considering he actually does n't like football, 
  italo calvino had a novel with that premise, 
   there 's an encyclopedia of characters but it 's a pain to refer to it constantly while trying to progress the story . 
   it takes so long to talk to everyone . 
  making sense of the plot is really tiring . 
  bullshit , shin megami tensei , metal gear , terranigama , illusion of time , xenogears , even fire emblem has way too many characters . 
   how the hell did we go from `` grave of the butterflies '' and `` howl 's moving castle '' to this ? 
  how did the sexualization of minors and animals become so mainstream that this madness happened ? 
  so a few things :, 
  * the two works you mention were not , in any way , the starters of anime , and many works before them incorporated some sort of ecchi-ness . 
  hell , the ecchi elements on manga and anime started since the 60s , and grew bigger as time went on . 
  * sexualization of minors is something that is almost universal , since it steems from the idea of purity as an elemental part of a proper girl/woman . 
  as for since when did it start in manga/anime , i do n't know nor i want to research it . 
  * as for sexualization of animals , that is something that japan has always been into . 
  the whole tentacle porn scene is born from a series of works of the xix century and the first catgirl is traced to works from the 1910s . 
  no sure why , though . 
  if your question is how does all of this become mainstream in japan , then the answer is a combination of time and arrogance by refusing to see their issues of their own culture . 
  if your question is how did this gain prominance and some sort of acceptance in the other side of the pacific , the answer is * ikenai boy * . 
  a borderline h manga that was one of the first that started the comedy/fanservice/ecchi / harem trend . 
  first printed on 1989 , it never saw release on the west , but it demonstrated some untapped territory which we still see to this day . 
  and at the same time , the anime boom started on the us . 
  while a few were already succesfull during the 80s ( astroboy . 
  mazinger ) , an entire generation began to be exposed , and also began to accept , works influenced by * ikenai boy * . 
  some of them were : sakura card captor , sailor moon , maze megaburst space , slayers , tenchi muyo and many more ; we also have to includ those who were ecchi before like ranma 1/2 and dragon ball . 
  a lot of those that today fund , discuss and defend said tropes were either boys or young teens that were mesmerized by any of those works , so now it has become sort of normal to those interested in anime/manga, 
  just do n't watch ilusi\u00f3n nacional, 
  the sweet chocolate is an european invention , most cocoa-cultivating cultures drink it moslty as a sour drink . 
  * break the wall down *, 
  it 's both too complicated and fragile to use :, 
  * if you concentrate must of the flow through the wings , then the players have to be trained rigorously to mantain discipline and order . 
  if the began to invade each other areas , there may be holes easily explotable by the opposition . 
  not only that , but even then it is vulnerable to a counterattack if ml/mr is to near al/ar and dl/dr are not fast eough to cut it . 
  * the mc would be either useless or ineffective . 
  in any formation , there is a position that can cover another position in case of said player not being of the field or just having an off day ( dc to dm , dl to ml , etc ) the mc works either as a misplaced dm , where the dc ca n't replace him without leaving a huge hole on the formation , or as an overloaded playmaker . 
  in any of those cases , neither the dc nor the ac can effectively replace or cover him without creating issues within the formation . 
  just one thing :, 
  the first attempt 0:46 -0:50 sounds like the twilight zones music from loz : tp, 
  or tigres during the tumba tecnicos years, 
  did they had to score when i went for a piss ? 
  it would hurt them , yes , but not enough to actually damage them permanently . 
  current cartels not only produce , transport and sell drugs , they also smuggle raw resources to china , smuggle inmigrants , produce , transport and sell pirated music and movies , work with casinos , extort local industries and many other low profile crimes that bring stable flows of income . 
   brings stability to ~ ~ teams ~ ~ investment, 
  one of the main reasons that the leagues in the usa choosed a closed-shop , no relegation model was to protect the owners financially . 
  it is too late to adapt the league to the usa style , contrary to what [ some idiots ] ( https://np.reddit.com/r/mls/comments/5wxqas/mexican_officials_to_consider_eliminating_prorel/dedqz79/ ) at the r/mls think . 
  for a league to work without the pro/rel , it requires the next set of elements :, 
  * a close-shop system, 
  * a system that allows players to move to the teams from a common developmental pool, 
  * total control over the league by the institution , from the rules to the marketing . 
  mexico currently does not qualify for any fo these requirements . 
  * a close-shop system protects the owner from losing money , but for this to function properly they must preferably be individual owners , which that is not the case here . 
  nfl has 1 non-individuals ' owned team from 32 teams , the nba has only 4 non-individuals ' owned team from 30 teams and the mls has 6 non-individuals ' owned team from 22 teams . 
  liga mx first division only have 3 teams owned by individuals ( one owns two teams ) . 
  while we have team owners reunions , the new system would require the owners from the companies , like uanl 's or unam 's deans , to go to these reunions insted of the president of the club . 
  this would also allow interference from the goverment , something that the close-shop can not accept ( * see : indianapolis colts * ) this would also throw wrenches over, 
  * a system that allows players to move to the teams from a common developmental pool , moslty from unam , uanl and grupo pachuca . 
  all three institutions represent 10 of the last 24 finalist , and all three of them offer their own programs , tigres and pumas by their universities programs and pachuca from their own university . 
  even if they manage to convince pachuca to drop the program , the league will find resistance from the goverments of nuevo leon and the federal goverment .
