   i swear anime used to have this 2deep4u thing . 
  yeah , there is a ton of great mangas that can actually use most of this uncomfortable tropes on a great way ( sakurabo syndrome ) , but as showed by bakuman , money over art . 
  has it already happened on this thread ? 
  goddamit , i feel like an idot for paying full price for aoe ii on full price, 
   under any excuse . 
  i also wish that most of this shtick was over , but , as a mentioned before , they really do n't care about art . 
  and i 'm not kidding , those popularity contest mean everything to the magazines . 
  even on bakuman , a fairly promotional manga about shounen jump ! , they not only approve of this behaviour , but they proceed to propose a new form to sent the ballots without the parent 's permission , to improve the number of votes that ecchi mangas get . 
  but hey , we still have great ones . 
  like * phoenix * , * adolf * , * monster * and others . 
  hi , thanks for the giveaway . 
  life is strange - episode i, 
  so far my memory goes , it is still legal in argentina to possess cp, 
  undertale , please, 
  favorite game : age of empire ii, 
  overlord ii , if you may . 
  ~ ~ is honiepop below 5 ? ~ ~, 
  ~ ~ if not , half life ~ ~, 
  well then , huniepop !, 
  this one goes all the way to high school . 
  we were a bunch of wankers that loved aoe ii and decided , following my example of playing spore during class and using my excuse of `` taking notes with the laptop '' , we created lan matches during , of course , classes . 
  so during one of said lan matches , i was expelled from my main island while researching the third age . 
  now , all i had were two boats with no more than 8 villagers . 
  so i went to one of the small islands and build a town center . 
  i stayed quiet , twice being thrown out from where i was stationed , depending on fishing boats , but surviving . 
  i had in an island some barracks , in another an university and so on ( we were using an extra large map while only being 4 players ) . 
  and a class before math ( the teacher was a strict one ) i managed to throw the leader ( which was the original offender ) from one of his islands . 
  he looked my way with anger , and then we had to pause it . 
  i saw him checking his watch every five minutes and every once in a while he looked to my way . 
  it was great . 
  then he crushed me like an ant . 
  but still , fuckin great . 
  what ? 
  oh , kind of ? 
  the thing is you wo n't be able to play multiplayer . 
  also , you wo n't get any update that may repair any bug , nor there is any customer support available for you . 
  so in case of any problem , you are fucked . 
  yeah , shit . 
  if you buy it , just do n't buy microtransactions . 
  because ,, 
  uhm, 
  ~ ~ steam codes are a combination of 3 sets of 5 alphanumerical characters each . ~ ~, 
  ~ ~ the first one is in ( ? ), 
  ~ ~ the second one is in ( ? ), 
  ~ ~ the third one is in ( ? ), 
  according to / u/weffu , iamthe93jjlq is a close one . 
  ~ ~ which has to be a lie , because the codes make no logical sense . ~ ~, 
  ~ ~ i am going with third one beign 8793z ~ ~, 
  ~ ~ i have no idea for the rest , specially on the firs one , could be baekh for all i know . ~ ~, 
  this is why i choose astrophysics in high school, 
  edit : god-fucking-dammit , / u/weffu has spoken, 
  it is not a steam code , and iamthe93jjlq is half correct . 
  12 alphanumerical characters , the next one has probably the same number of characters . 
  maybe ? 
  i do that with my dad , but we only have aoe ii and shadowman , no idea if konami added anything else to prevent this , though . 
  there are a ton . 
  on pc it 's aoe ii , followed by aom and i have no mouth , and i must scream . 
  on consoles it 's a tie between chrono trigger , terranigama and tales of symphonia . 
  if i had to choose one , it would be between chrono trigger and aoe ii , depending on my mood . 
  right now , it 's chrono trigger . 
  i really recomend terranigama , it has this apocaliptic narrative that is really good . 
  basically , it 's a retelling of the genesis , but grimmer . 
  it 's pretty fucking fun . 
  it laughs at all the tropes that are now present on the anime/manga/otaku world . 
  give it a try . 
  thanks . 
  ... is n't this getting out of hand ? 
  treason ? 
  who are you , the spanish inquisition ? 
  look out , mccarthy has come to us . 
  steam is the equivalent of walmart , a monopoly . 
  therefore , go for a combination of methods . 
  here is my method . 
  * is the us dollar - mex pesos tc a volatile clusterfuck ? 
  yes : steam, 
  no : next question . 
  * is it on gog ? 
  yes : buy it from there . 
  no : next question, 
  * does the developer sell his game from his own website ? 
  yes : buy it from there . 
  no : next question . 
  * is it abandonware or console exclusive ? 
  yes : get roms or equivalents . 
  no : next question . 
  * are you put off for the fact that the games are not completly yours , since you bought digital copy and not a physical copy ? 
  no : steam, 
  yes : torrent the fucker, 
  btw , humble bundle use steam or gog . 
   gog will at least make sure games from that time period will work on modern oses and hardware and apply fixes to the games as needed to get them to work . 
  indeed , shadowman version on steam requires you to trick your pc to play it on fullscreen . 
  i am from mexico , so the price has to pass from a conversion of us dollars to mex pesos . 
  in one month , the rate passed from 14.25 to 16.15 . 
  it may not be bbig for a $ 5 dollar game , but in other cases its bad . 
  if it 's a aaa game , the price to pay if bought in pesos it 's $ 1023mex , but if bought from steam it 's $ 999mex . 
  and some economic predictions say that it may explode to 1 dollar - 20 pesos to the end of the first quarter of 2016 . 
  also , price drops with time , but not the rate . 
  take witcher 2 : steam sells it at 109 pesos ( full price ) , gog sells it , converted to pesos , at 304 pesos . 
  check the rate for quids to us dollars . 
  if it is not as hard to ones wallet , then gog .
