  thank you for the giveaway , op . 
  btw , must we add the game ? 
  ok , thanks . 
  gone !, 
  anyway , thanks op, 
  probably not his type of game . 
  i returned mario galaxy to blockbuster after playing only two days , and it was to many their goty . 
  oh ... this is going to get downvoted to hell . 
  anyway , nice present from her . 
  moms know best . 
  and he was right . 
  * high five *, 
  i prefer mature uma , mostly due to milf power . 
  well , you know , one must * unbuckle * on holydays . 
  edit : stupid me, 
  oh yes , the famous phrase of a wiseman, 
  nop , have n't redeem it . 
  the thing is , it is directly from square enix , and i do n't have an account , mostly due to simple laziness, 
  all yours , son, 
  maybe the number it 's the number of the letter in the alphabeth , probably the english one . 
  lets see : on code has 18 alphanumeric characters , the other one has 12 . 
  the other give has 20 characters ... 
  is it even a squeenix code ? 
  maybe it 's gog or something like that . 
  goddamit , not another puzzle . 
  ok , looks like either a mistake from / u/dark-echo or another puzzle . 
  the code given has 20 alphanumerical characters , three of them are outside the code . 
  steam codes have three formats :, 
  * aaaaa-aaaaa-aaaaa = 15 alphanumerical characters, 
  * aaaaa-aaaaa-aaaaa-aaaaa-aaaaa = 25 alphanumerical characters, 
  * 237abcdghjlprst 23 = 17 alphanumerical characters, 
  squeenix system is , according to / u/pushpushki , like this :, 
  any sugestions ? 
  edit : / u/kdem007 has checked the code with gog , uplay square enix , steam and origin, 
  you know , things like this remind me why i choose astrophysics at highschool . 
  thanks op , but i suck at this puzzles . 
  good luck to everyone else !, 
  goddamit , thanks for your apport, 
  look at pes , most of the names of the teams are changed and in some cases , also the name of the players . 
  rights of image are way too high , so very few actually decide to develop sports games . 
  the only one i play are fifa 07 and 12 and football manager . 
  look , it 's a pretty good action/adventure stealth game . 
  apparently the plot is all over the place and a bit tad ridiculous , but people is still loving it . 
  pissing people off on aoe ii , from coming from behind to sieging . 
  this is one i shared not long ago :, 
   this one goes all the way to high school . 
   we were a bunch of wankers that loved aoe ii and decided , following my example of playing spore during class and using my excuse of `` taking notes with the laptop '' , we created lan matches during , of course , classes . 
   so during one of said lan matches , i was expelled from my main island while researching the third age . 
  now , all i had were two boats with no more than 8 villagers . 
  so i went to one of the small islands and build a town center . 
   i stayed quiet , twice being thrown out from where i was stationed , depending on fishing boats , but surviving . 
  i had in an island some barracks , in another an university and so on ( we were using an extra large map while only being 4 players ) . 
  and a class before math ( the teacher was a strict one ) i managed to throw the leader ( which was the original offender ) from one of his islands . 
  he looked my way with anger , and then we had to pause it . 
   i saw him checking his watch every five minutes and every once in a while he looked to my way . 
  it was great . 
   then he crushed me like an ant . 
  but still , fuckin great . 
  ps : just to clarify something , the main reason he crushed me was that my resources where low , while he could ( and did ) pay that thing on the castle that let you see where everyone 's units are . 
   if your account has only posted on giveaways , your entry will not be considered . 
  ok , hang on . 
  does that mean i 'm disqualified for participating on a ton of giveaways ? 
  you know , this one makes me sad . 
  two great teams with a rivalary that lasted a decade and now they are a shadow of themselves . 
  it reminds me when grandpa saw with some nostalgia an atlante-necaxa game . 
  thanks op . 
  also ,, 
  et tu , internet conection ? 
  almost , but at the last moment i was betrayed by my allies , and when i manage to reach to the page to redeem steamwallet , alas , it was gone with the wind . 
  it is , because it reminds me we will never be always here , at the spotlight . 
  does smash count ? 
  if not , time splinters ii, 
  ** no , for you have been forsaken by the gods ** ^ ^ / s, 
  tie fighter , maybe ? 
  superbunnyhop gave it a rave review . 
  i am going with my birthday all the way, 
  oh , calm down mate . 
  harvest moon : seeds of memories !, 
  mostly to play a harvest moon game on a pc . 
  if not the new mirrors edge because i like parkour games , or that weird cyber-dinosaur hunting game because sure why not . 
  but my lap would probably not be able to play the last two . 
  you are almost talking like this is a crime or something . 
  yes , cp is a crime . 
  thanks for the obvious and totally-not-related-to-the-giveaway . 
  i already that , not cp . 
  good enough ? 
  edit : you are just going to find a ton of f\u00fatbol . 
  still , not cool to everyone else . 
  jejeje ... `` for the peasants '' ... jejeje, 
  why ? 
  it 's the daily star , one of the many shitposters on everyones news stand . 
  yup , blocked, 
  for those that want info , i tried only the first one with 5 and the letters all the way to h, 
  how much time must one wait ? 
  yup, 
  scotland won . 
  england better than hungary in the early xx century . 
  mexico won it . 
  yeah , no wonder no one ca n't take it seriously . 
  undertale,
