  well , there it goes . 
  from posible star at tigres to just the pun of a joke . 
  from the spotlight to the utility closet . 
  apparently almeida gave the `` no '' to that transaction, 
  i want to anwser `` dunno man , but your contract with tigres looks pretty solid '', 
   which would somehow make him more affordable . 
  they already have 50 % of his card, 
  al final davila regreso :(, 
  please marco , do n't get ( too ) drunk, 
   but , i wo n't give him any ad dollars until he humans up and leaves that garbage fire . 
  that `` garbage fire '' owns zero punctuation , not yahtzee . 
  and i doubt he ever does , since he cares so little for what happens outside the game itself to see any controversy as something to actually care about and not just laugh about it . 
  he is the joker of most medieval thater pieces . 
  ... is this even an insult ? 
  yeah , that ... uh ... how about ** not ** going to a game that , sometimes , has ultras getting in fights and stabbings . 
  on the plus side , as roma is still beign boycotted by their ultras , so i ' v heard , so you may only have problems before and after the game . 
  are they still mad for the plans of constructing a wall on their sector so they do n't stab people ? 
  so , what is the original fallout ? 
   but if you insist calling a thing something it 's fully not , we come to point like we are now , where people do not understand what was the main mechanic driving the genre and there we find our self writing an essay over why the game is not `` working '' and seems like a grind , when the simply answer is ... it 's not from that genre , it 's a lazy cop-out of a game that stole the grindy parts of genuine genres ( like i already explained ) . 
   next you are gon na say , `` whatever my way is easier '' , yeah , so are games now and if players do n't understand the difference , the devs wont either ( companies do n't even want to , as it 's `` harder '' ( time consuming ) to make interesting mechanics ) and we get games that has no progress or learning curve , just repeat actions . 
   and if you do n't care , just want a story . 
  well , that does n't take away validity of my point either , cause games have had the difficulty choice in them for quite awhile , only these day it 's pump up and down damage vs defense , not immunities , speed or anything truly challenging revamped . 
  wow , one asks a honest question and gets treated like he insult the pride . 
  so , from the beginning :, 
   rpg is a party system game , where every fight is counted on immunities vs skills vs skills ( skills not skill dummy ) on different classes and how party is build , making almost every fight different , depending on how much different and different mix of enemies/characters are in and luck . 
  no , rpg is a genre in which you , the player , create a role that will progress on a story created , originally , by the dungeon master . 
  in other words , rpg is originally a multiplayer game with enfasis on continuos progression in different games . 
  that beign said , the only elements that any rpg must really need to qualify as one are progression of a serie of skills sets and to be story driven . 
  the rest of the mechanics just creates subgenres . 
  the only moment a game with rpg elements do not qualify as such is when does to requirements are either not on the game ( totally or parcially ) or are not the main elements of the game ( totally or partially ) . 
  that is why games such as fallout 4 , gone home , dear esther , grand theft auto or saints row are rpg games , but games with rpg elements . 
  with your definition , how will games like the tales of series be considered rpgs when luck is not a central mechanic ? 
  also , how will games like shadowrun ( snes 1998 , based on a tabletop rpg ) be catalogued ? 
  and going back to fallout , does having the possibility of not having all the dialogue options available due to a low level of intellgence in the stat sheet is not enough to call a game rpg , both for beign story driven and a skill set ? 
  how can we not call this an rpg while most final fantasy have even a less advanced skill set ? 
  and talking about ff , where does ff : tactics series enter ? 
   wikipedia have been written by a misinformed person, 
  clearly , with all your knowledge , you must know the awnsers to my questions . 
  i do n't know really that much about comics outside japan , and some of the scene at mexico , but by god , since when does ramna 1/2 is considered worthy of an award that is considered `` the cannes of comics '' ? 
  confederation of leeds : abandon all hope ye who enter here . 
  house of zoff : from here you shall not pass . 
  house of campos : from our colours , you shall recognize us . 
  is rooney still naked ? 
   so i ask a question soundly based on logic , i get `` no , it is n't '' and `` answer my question '' back ... 
  no , you answered like an asshole that knows everything an almost catlogued me as an idiot , so watch your tone . 
  also , you awnsered nothing , and only demonstrated your ignorance of rpgs . 
  clearly , any media has evolved from the late 70s ( your only reference of what an rpg must only be ) . 
  any media evolve in almost 4 decades , we have went from * the wolrd according garp * ( 1978 ) to * the house of leaves * ( 2000 ) , and that was just on 22 years . 
  if any media ca n't evolve , then it must not be considered worthy of time and effort . 
  good day , sir/madam . 
  what happened ? 
  mexico kit for france 98 , the one with the aztec sun, 
  for tigres , one of their retro shirts of recent seasons . 
  or they probably have a better accounting system to not fuck it up, 
  this did n't happen with brendan rodgers, 
  i was going to make a joke about the mafia and weebos but this is just too sad to joke about ; one does not need to be a genius to understand what `` head and neck injuries '' means . 
   * berlin ? 
  probably not . 
  union will never stay in the buli for long , if they ever manage to get up . 
  would be pretty great though , east vs. west berlin . 
  not from that area , but a friend of mine was really pissed about me asking if he 's supporting hertha , and called them dirty west whores or something like that . 
  could you please expand on this one , please ? 
  oh , this one is going to be shit posted with messi-maradona-pele-neymar ... 
  still , sure , i 'm in with this :, 
  dino zoff vs gianluigi buffon, 
  you know , i 'm actually curious . 
  personally i always considered mesut as a better playmaker with the ability to create situations on the fly , but i have n't seen many mancity games so i do n't know about silva, 
  wow , great goal holmes, 
  is this good ? 
  hell , you may get leandro damiao for 2 beers and a plane ticket, 
  bad apparently , a ton of corinthian supporters just want to get rid of him, 
  me too , both him and leandro, 
  leandro damiao , he ... he is just not even caring at this point ... he used to be good , really good, 
  he was one of the shining stars of brazilian football , and was an important piece of the 2nd place at the sub17 tournament won by mexico . 
  of those players on both teams , only four have played at europe, 
  i imagine mourinho giving `` fuck you '' cards to everyone , except wegner, 
  yes with both . 
  ( 1 and 2 ), 
  manchester united - rooney, 
  america - cuautemoc blanco, 
  toluca - vicente sanchez, 
  atlante - hobbit bermudez, 
  mostly because :, 
  a ) played at chelsea bast his prime and, 
  b ) he played for the team and was a more complete player, 
  wow , actually impressed, 
  so first of all , messi for argentina and c. ronaldo for portugal . 
  but those two will be changing positions through the game , either beign as center forwards or as wigners , so a good one would be m\u00fcller . 
  so there goes germany , argentina and portugal . 
  for goalkeepers , the only ones in my mind are courtois , de gea , bravo , ospina and hart . 
  i 'll return later, 
  as for the defense : as a right back dani alves and as a left back alaba . 
  so the only positions remaining are the cbs . 
  there is vermaelen , alderweireld , lombaerts and kompany for belgium . 
  for spain mikel and maybe pique ( never liked him ) . 
  the chilean team are not know for their defensive players , so maybe mendel . 
  but the midfield will be easier , so let 's go to that . 
  kevin de bruyne , vidal and iniesta . 
  so there goes belgium , chile and spain , leaving columbia , england and uruguay for the cbs and the goalkeeper . 
  so for uruguay it would be godin , no question about that .
