  he was versatile , beign good both at defense and offense . 
  nevded , lampard and cesc are very offensive players and yaya is mostly defensive . 
  yeah , but the mls is a very young league whose level is still low , so the difference is negated by that . 
  would an ahl team win the stanley cup if they were relocated to the nhl ? 
  no , hence an mls player would not be good for the euros, 
  yeah , that is one of the arguments for him to be on the euros squad . 
  theoretically yes , but no one has managed that, 
   most of the time, 
  but not all the time , some examples :, 
  * 2014-2015 cycle : should been morelia ( 18th place on both tournaments ) , but it was uag ( 14th at apertura , 16th at clausura ) . 
  * 2012 - 2013 cycle : should been atlante ( 14th at apertura , 18th at clausura ) , but it was queretaro ( 18th at apertura , 8th at clausra [ liguilla ] ), 
  * 2008 - 2009 cycle : should been necaxa ( 17th at apertura and clausura ) , was puebla ( 18th at apertura , 5th clausura [ liguilla ] ), 
  my first experience was at an arcade machine at the militry camp near nin\u00f1os heroes park , on those cracked machines that have lots of games . 
  the gameplay was what one expects from an arcade machine , fine at the start , a dificulty curve a bit to steep but not enough to discourage you from continue playing it and simple controls : one for jump , one to shoot and another for the granades . 
  the main selling point for me where the sprite animations , they where colorfull and a joy to watch . 
  maybe the guardian , and the maybe it 's used way too liberal . 
  though i mostly use radio for football programing, 
   danilo ( we pain alot for him ), 
  chicharito died for him, 
  * rolando zarate : started with bielsa 's velez , gained some momentum at real madrid under del bosque as a loaned player , later went back to velez and spent most of his career as a loaned player at various teams . 
  he came as one of his many loans , left with 6 moths left , went to rayados as a loan for 400k pesos ( no data on how much tigres paid for the loan ) , still shit . 
  went back with no goals , except [ the bullshit one with rayados against necaxa ] ( https://youtu.be/gocm3beosza?t=17s ) . 
  started one of the worst eras at tigres, 
  * francisco `` kikin '' fonsceca : an apparent legend with pumas and a good player at cruz azul . 
  came during some of the worst times with tigres that started with trejo . 
  came during the short time of carrillo 's tenure at tigres for apparently 6 million dollars or 2.8 millon euros . 
  started the kikin cycle ( fuck up , apologize , compromise and fuck up agan ) . 
  laste three years with the team until he was sold for half a millon of euros to atlante , where he just played before as a loaned player ( transfermarket ) . 
  * and i ca n't have a thiird because , by god , if you check our transfermarket page between 05/06 up to 09/10 you 'll find some of the worst whit that could happen . 
  didi , great player at the jaguares of caba\u00f1as , was shit with us ; marino , great with tolo at newell 's , shit with us ; the less i remember of chamagol with tigres and his radio show , the better ; omar bravo , god why ? 
  ; we lost gast\u00f3n i the middle of the fucking season ; we gave both itamar batista and silvera , some of our best players of all time , for ** fucking free ** ; every goalkeeper , except conejo ( which we also lost him for peanuts and chump change ) , failed to substitute campagnuolo ( who went away after gaitan broke his collarbone or something like that ) ; everton never played for us ; eder already played second division on his own country . 
  he plays as a winger with france , though, 
  pato to chelsea, 
  i remember at a 30 for 30 talking about larry holmes ( i know , just bear with me , they said he was one of the best and most underappreciated heavy weights champions of the world , not because of his technique , stamino or power , but because he enterd just after muhammed ali . 
  no amount of trophies would save holmes from ali 's shadow . 
  same with luis enrique , not amount of trophies would save him from guardiola 's shadow . 
  also , about this type of comment :, 
   when he coaces a team that does n't include 3 of the top 4 players in the world, 
  this is the pinnacle of idiocy . 
  no manager is under any obligation to satisfy idiots desire to `` prove himself '' with `` smaller teams '' , this is as stupid as that imbecile that insulted mourinho for not accepting leeds offer . 
  no , if he wants to play with the very best , he has every right to do so . 
  so fuck that mentality . 
  diarra is open , so splash that motherfucking money . 
  also , get a better manager . 
  tuca is good , but he is getting old , and we are apparenly near losing arevalo and queso fernandez, 
  by the time the wc started , fred was already old . 
  it would be like bringing conejo perez right now to copa america, 
  sincerly , i do n't think that psv would accept both tournaments . 
  so unless anything happens , we should be at least for the quaterfinals , but i esimate we may reach the finals . 
  in case guardado is not available for the olympics , maybe herrera . 
  perfect . 
  finals , where he cum, 
  podogolski is on the case, 
  it would be a clusterfuck , people like simeone would abuse this to no end , since to make a sub one must get the player to go from one extreme to another . 
  since you like hockey , consider the speed the player travels and the size of the field and compare it to football . 
  the players are comparatively slower to those from hockeys and the fields are way to different . 
  hockey is a 60mx30m , while football could go up to 90mx120m . 
  said subs policy is impossible to implement smoothly . 
  also , sorry , you are going to get a lot of hate comments, 
  edit : deleted under 10mins , a new record, 
  me too , but it still an important goal, 
  / r/soccer is too eurocentric for some tastes , and it throws tons of shit to americans or any american-like idea ( look for the ht show thread from a few days ) . 
   in contrast how may foreign players are allowed in the other major leagues ? 
  since the bosman case , any eu player is consider domestic on the eu . 
  england ask that their foregin non-eu players have to have a certain porcentage of nt calls ; they also follow a policy requiring `` home-grown '' players to play a certain amount of time . . spain only allows three non-eu players . 
  infinite subs and hf shows , the fuck ? 
  also , the euros are coming , so the front page are going to be full of england bullshit and other euros stuff, 
  of all things to copy , hooliganism should not be one of them . 
  specially a country with so many shootings for dumb shit, 
  ... or something, 
  what if we did n't follow cruz azul example ? 
  no shit , don rober 's analysis of the final started at 8 am . 
  i am tired of him throwing shit to rayados and pachuca , and i do n't like pachuca that much . 
  sod off, 
  i doubt that he can be put on his place with 3 wc on his belt . 
  told off is probably better, 
  oh yeah , chile ' 62 . 
  i actually completly forgot about that one . 
  still , 2 wc , more than what dani alves has won . 
  hence `` he ca n't be put in his place '' by dani , but he can be told by anyone to fuck off and shut up, 
  the point that really send the `` please retire him , i love him , but please , retire him '' was his beef with palos ' father, 
  erin dies alone can be read on its own website , since it is not part of the escapist ips, 
  time is a part of the equation , but not the only nor the most important element , that 's what the player gives to the team . 
  look at tevez at west ham , glass at carlisle united , julio cesar at tigres , rafa at leon , kikin at pumas , and many more examples . 
  we would probably kept guerron, 
  i do n't blame him , he had the responsability of kicking the penalty and the hopes of his nation on his shoulder . 
  i blame robben for diving . 
  he was n't fouled , you are just a cunt, 
  that [ penalty against panama during the gold cup ] ( https://youtu.be/oht-g3axjoe?t=13s ), 
  it wasnt as bad as tevez offside goal , and herreras tactics could probably cost us later the game , but the penalty was inexistant , so for the moment we can only conclude that we got robbed, 
  how ... ? 
  deluded of what ? 
  just because it was on your favor doesnt mean it wasnt a penalty . 
  and you are a stupid cunt that will never be a referee for imbecile . 
  unless you apply for concacaf , geiger is still refeering and the fucker was selected to be on the copa america centenario, 
  no [ paolo montero ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zyjnaxhan0c ) ? 
  isnt this on luigi donatello youtube ? 
  10k comments ... this must be a record on / r/soccer, 
  nvm : some answers and a quick look showed up that 10k is normal for an important game . 
  he would be perfect for cruz azul , a marriage made in heaven,
