  ... which anthem where they playing ? 
  just to be sure , it was not the anthem of china ... was it ? 
  yes, 
  oooh ... that explains all ... ** what the hell where they expecting ? 
  i have asked this question around three times , apparently it will be ( for the moment and by the fans ) a rotation between rooney/wilson/fellani , with some of them also adding memphis on the mix . 
  the only thing that all agree is that there will only be a striker on the field . 
  the 1978 world cup at argentina . 
  god , it was the worst . 
  my mother still remember her tears when they lost to tunisa by 4 goals , and to germany by 6 . 
  there was the joke of the last game , where the starting goalkeeper suffered an injury and had to be replaced . 
  apparently , after the game , the starting goalkeeper asked to the substitute `` how did it end ? '', 
  the substitute anwsered `` it was a draw . '', 
  `` really ? '', 
  asked the starting goalkeeper . 
  `` yes '' anwsered the other `` you ate three , i ate another three . 
  see ? 
  a draw ! '', 
  also that game at the 2002 world cup at south corea and japan , where we lost to usa at the round of 16 . 
  my mother also cried that day . 
  sorry for intruding , but your anger is clouding your judgment . 
  your seeing this just as a response of the firing of victoria and not an issue regarding a serie of mismanagments from the admins . 
  think it as wwi were the magnicide at sarajevo was not the actual cause of the war , but just the excuse to initiate a series fo hostilities that dated since the beginnings of the xix century . 
  victoria 's firing was just the excuse to begin , but the whole deteroriation and conflicts between the mods , the users and the admins was there since before her firing , and would only not be adrdessed until something like this happened to someone else . 
  it was somethng that all communities suffered , your ignorance is not enough reason to consider it like this :, 
   ... something that has nothing to do with our community ... 
  yes , the outcome will be read as `` the defeat of chairman pao '' , which i consider weird since she really did not curate the site that much . 
   i do n't give a rat 's ass if r/books went dark . 
  this is r/gamerghazi . 
  yes , also both are subreddits who suffers from the same problems of modding , where the mods must use hacks to actually do their work . 
  they were tired not only of that , but of the silence they have been recieving from the admins untill it exploded . 
  the blackout had nothing to do with what a subreddit stand for , but rather with the mods that needed better channels to communicate with the admins and better tools to moderate their respective subreddit, 
  for fucks sake mate , the reason this clusterfuck happened was the fact that the mods had enough , and you still want to add more wood to the fire !, 
  i suppose luis `` matador '' hernandez , tomas boy , manuel negrete and jorge campos . 
  probably the last one is known , but i am not sure . 
  no , because i arrived late to the party . 
  and it has been that way since the beginning , most of my mates know reddit as `` that place to get porn '' . 
  as for the last anwser , i guess that yes , but i hope that i am wrong . 
  it was just age , the last season and the world cup demonstrated that he is not on the shape of his younger self . 
  mourinho ... i love what that guy did at chealse , but his run at real madrid was a nightmare , both to he players and to himself . 
  probably back during the early 2000s , but right now madrid is above them . 
  they were probably on par , considering that manu golden age of ferguson was int he late 90s and the early 2000s , specially with the treble of '98, 
  you are , but they still made one of the best chivas teams all time, 
  absolutly , mostly because how easy it is to play . 
  you just require something that serves as the ball and something to serve as the goal . 
  the moment tigres won their first league title since the late 70s , when the league was still long . 
  i remember don rober , the biggest sports journalist in monterrey , crying on happiness . 
  money , that is the answer of the move to queretaro . 
  yes , take him . 
  take the drunkard who arrives drunk to training and games . 
  he was only good when he arrived sober . 
  only about the training , the games thing was a coomon rumor , since he was at bars and discos during game days, 
  real madrid , barcelona , juventus , bayern munich and manchester united . 
  as of the order , i do n't know . 
  personally i prefer rm , but barcelona is always competing for the top spot . 
  i would also love to put chealse on the list , but ( lets be honest ) their only been recently an important team at the premier league . 
  and something to serve as a goal for the kick , and to manage a bunch of kids to play as the first line , and to manage two kids to play as recievers , which complicates all the game . 
  of course they dont follow the rules , they are kids , they want just to play . 
  as of the first one , only twice , and i thought it was boring . 
  first it is simple , catch the ball and hit the one with the ball . 
  good ? 
  now you can tackle the one who throws it . 
  now they will put a defensive line and we will put and offensive one . 
  at that point , i wondered myself `` why all this instructions ? '', 
  and i decided to abandon this whole mascared and went back to playing actual football, 
  probably in usa and canada , and it already is in south korea and japan , but elsewhere is imposible , specially on the third world, 
  true, 
  does it matter ? 
  riquelme is a given , he was one of the pilars of the golden age of villareal . 
  abbondanzieri is also remembered , specially after winning the copa del rey from barcelona with granada . 
  martin ... as much as i loved his style , he never played in europe , and the 3 failed penalities are a staint in his career . 
  you mean escobar , the one who was killed ? 
  or pibe and higuita , friends and dealers of the other escobar ? 
  still have n't see it completly , still on my watch list since i discovered 30 for 30, 
  ** yes !, 
  ** please keane , trow them a peg or two , please, 
  i was laughing since the `` sacrifice '' ? 
  great comedy , mate . 
  why not ? 
  thanks, 
  yeah , the titel is misleading , and there were parts that just where plain dumb . 
  there is alot on this `` article '' that is just plaiin wrong , but there are , for the first time , some aspects to consider . 
  but first , one thing to consider for the writer : there was a time when ** football was not always the national sports of many countries . 
  ** for example , here in mexico , football was not even the third most popular sport in the country when it was introduced . 
  first it was baseball , then it was pelota vasca , then wrestling , then basketball and then , sometimes above basketball , football . 
  it was not untill the late 40s that football was the number one sport in many states . 
  but even now baseball is still more important than football on some states like sinaloa and yucatan . 
  so bear in mind that any sport just do n't magically is number one , popularity grows with time . 
  hence , female football is still not as popular as male football due to the fact that the sport is barely 40 years old , and football has been played since the olympics . 
  yes , it is more popular than male football in the usa , mostly due to the believing that real football , and not their make-believe football , was for girls . 
  apparently , football was a `` soft '' sport in comparision to their football , hence its popularity with women , but that does not mean it is as popular across the globe . 
  we must also talk about your ignorance of the way fifa manages the world cup . 
  the money they give to the teams come directly from the earnings of the event , so if the event makes less than the male counterpart , the teams receive less . 
  they may have broke records on rating in the usa , but not on the world . 
  what i would give you is the absolute contempt of fifa to women 's football , specially since they barely marketed at world level . 
  i knew of this when i read reddit , not due to some sort of publicity . 
  and yes , they could have use the budget to market this event rather that on ** that ** . 
  on the matter of the turf , that is more regarding corruption than to contempt , since it is not the only fifa event that has used turf . 
  on blatter , well yes , nobody wants to be arrested . 
  that also happened on the copa america final , where the people of conmebol did not went to the final , nor did some concacaf officials to the inaguration of the copa oro . 
  and yes , you must learn the star players names at least , the whole fiasco was ridiculous , but what can you expect to the worst offender on fifa corruption that adviced the female players to wear `` tighter shorts '' .
