  and even then , the pool of international players is too big to ignore , which jeopardizes any program attempt by the league , which would also destroys any attempt to, 
  * total control over the league by the institution , from the rules to the marketing . . who makes the rules to american football ? 
  the nfl . 
  who made the rules of basketball ? 
  the nba , who still has a lot of leeway with the fiba . 
  could the mls or the femexfut change the core rules of football ? 
  no ( * see : points given by the number of goals * ) the federation would also face opposition by the tv stations if they tried to control the tv rights , specially from televisa and tv azteca . 
  this would also happen to image rights , rules desicions , attempts of expansions . 
  and if they tried to throw their weight , some teams may even create their own league ( * see : borregos vs onefa * ) , specially from the goverment controlled/influenced/owned teams ( tigres , pumas , chiapas , u de g , uaem , uat , buap , u de colima ) . 
  there is no way , other than complete destruction of the femexfut , to make the changes necessary for the usa system to effectively function . 
  lifelike - so electric, 
  [ it 's some guy named jesus ] ( https://youtu.be/pm1ob9zw7iq?t=58s ), 
  gignac is having a weird season , vargas has finally scored.and the ending minutes of monarcas-veracruz were exciting . 
  he was having some off seasons before bielsa , then he became on of the best french forwards on france , and now he is having some off seasons . 
  there is no way around , we need a bielsa , or bielsa-style coach . 
  the difference is on how much money the teams pay to the fmf . 
  and technically on the rulebook, 
   is there a players association similar to player associations that exist in the nfl , nba , mlb , and nhl ? 
  nop , rafa is currently trying to unionize the players . 
   referees are professionals . 
  if the players perform badly , they suffer the consequences : i.e. 
  benched , less playing time , etc. 
  so why should n't the refs ? 
  oh , you sweet summer child , they ca n't be punished since they are not fmf employees, 
  hahahaha, 
  nah , they are independent contractors , wwe style . 
  when they perform badly , they simply are n't called . 
   then terminating them should be no issue , right ? 
  they are n't terminated , they are just not called back . 
  what they are mostly fighting is the lost ground , also to stop sanitizing their reports . 
  i am currently writting a post about the current ref situation , becuase they make working at an oxxo look enticing . 
   should players receive the same type of punishments for being as aggressive against other players ? 
  the idea of a stronger sentecne is to prevent harrasment to the referee by the players , the managers and the executives for unfavourable calls in an attempt to challenge the call and prevent future calls of the same infraction , hence why a referee is , in theory , more protected than a player . 
  the downvotes are moslty to your lack of empathy . 
   nothing i 'm saying is incorrect and makes sense . 
  people who do their job well get respect . 
  and if you actually read the articles , their slaries are beign cut , their retirement funds are beign cut , any benefits are beign cut and their reports are beign sanitized against them . 
  they should at least get the basic respect , not win it through `` hard work '' . 
  currently postponed , but they are threatening to cancel the whole season, 
  i 'm not sure if it would be a good idea . 
  a good * club * manager may not be a good * national team * manager ( see : bielsa , roca ) . 
  one of my favourites managers is bielsa , * el loco * is probably one of the last revolutionaries on this business . 
  his commitment to beautiful offensive football is impressive , and he always brings a positive change to the team . 
  korea japan 2002 wc should have been the pinacle of his career , he commanded one of the most offensively stacked teams ( batigol , crespo , * brujita * veron , zanetti , gallardo , * burrito * ortega , simeone , * piojo * lopez , almeyda ) . 
  ** he failed , spectacularly . 
  ** one victory and only two goals scored in 3 games , he returned in disgrace . 
  why ? 
  people have blamed him , the climate , the time , veron , wives of players , salaries of players , etc. , but the main reason may be something more simple . 
  see , one of the main complaints about bielsa from the '02 team was that the team never really assimilated the 3-3-1-3 of bielsa . 
  it sounds weird , considering that he used that scheme during the qualifing stage , until you remember how different is his style , which players only have to use sparsely for two years , to the styles of their clubs . 
  that means that players like , for example , claudio lopez , crespo and simeone have to hop on a plane , adapt to bielsa style , play , hop on another plane to italy , relearn either eriksson 's or zoff 's style ( both were managers of lazio during 2002 wc qualifiers ) , and play , repeat cycle . 
  and this happened to everyone on that team . 
  tales from players he managed at club level refer him as beign very controlling over diets , sleep time and many other things that can be obtained at club level , ** but not at national level . 
  ** this same issue is one of the reasons i hope i never see mourinho with a national team , his style also requires this elements of control that can not be obtained at a national level . 
  so far i have seen , almeyda requires players to unite as one team by socializing as much as possible , he forces them to create an identity which allows them to decide as a team , not as a bunch of individuals ( see : angel reyna was not permitted back by the players , who acted as a unit ) . 
  almeyda needed two years on club level to create this team , how much will he need to create it at ** national level ** with all the sponsors obligations and egos of players that neither share team affilation nor league ? 
   bielsa has n't ( won ) either, 
  first of all , he has won olympic gold and the argentinian league three times , twice with one of the shittiest teams on the league . 
  with said team , he also reached the libertadores final . 
  he also took an anemic athletic club and made it an european powerhouse . 
  that 's not ** nothing . 
   alternatively , maybe games should cost more . 
  their price has decreased significantly over the past 10 / 15 years with inflation , as the cost to make games increases . 
  people have pegged a game at being `` worth '' 60 dollars even though the value of 60 dollars has gone down . 
  that 's forced more no-overtime crunch and lower wages . 
  maybe on the us , but here in mexico they have increased dramatically . 
  they went from 800 pesos to 1400 pesos and they are now voices throwing the idea to up it to 2000 pesos , which is some peoples monthly wage , due to the clusterfuck of the current exchange range . 
  this pretty much revitalize the piracy industry , which was pretty much declining since the ps3 . 
  [ me rubbing the salt on the wounds of an om fan ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/soccer/comments/4adnd7/this_sums_up_marseille_this_season/d0zl972/?context=3 ), 
   justin bieber is who actually started the divas revolution . 
   yoshi tatsu is going to do a new pipebomb : ... there 's one thing you 're better at than i am and that 's kissing sunny ass . 
  you 're as good as kissing ass as batista dick was . 
  i do n't know if you 're as good as the british bulldog though . 
   enzo amore new tag partner and catchphrase : this is terry funk , and he 's a cuckold , and you ca n't teach that . 
   the club has a new member : kevin owens with el generico mask . 
   asuka is actually chyna . 
   once the tech is cheap enough , it will no longer have to necessarily have gamer market first in mind in order to be profitable . 
  the main problem i 've seen from people who bought any of the headsets ( vive , oculus and psvr ) was not price , but space . 
  and no matter how cheap it manages to be , creating space for any of the headsets it 's either too much of a hassel or just plain impossible . 
  * this was orginally a response to this comment , but i ended up writting something with a bigger scope than a simple `` you have more simple more space than me '' *, 
  the space is the main issue i encountered when asking about vr . 
  i currently live on mexico city , where most of the people live on tiny apartments , limiting space on the property , and house prices are obscenely high , limiting the public to people with enough money to have a home with enough space . 
  i also grew up on monterrey , house prices are n't as high but if you want too have any of the headsets you also need a room with air conditioner because monterrey is a desert . 
  and considering the prices of public services , it limits it 's public to those who can pay for air conditioner as well as the headsets . 
  this also blocks any attempt of out-door vr experience . 
  one of the main concerns that a lot of people mention on this thread is the lack of a `` must-want '' game or application , but from my perspective that is not even a main concern . 
  of the last 20 people i have asked about their headsets , 16 have thrown it away , only one of those mentioned the lack of great games as even a concern . 
  one of those ( an oculus user from monterrey ) could not use it on the room with air conditioner , so he moved to another room without it . 
  he had to stop after an hour due to exhaustation , limiting effective usage to nighttime or autum/winter . 
  another one ( a vive user from mexico city ) stop using it due to fights he had with its neighbors from below due to noise concerns caused when moving the furniture to create space . 
  even if half-life 3 came out , none of them would actually get it back because they simply canot pass the first hurdle : the ability to use the headset effectively . 
  [ wrote something with a wider scope than a simple `` you have more space than me '' ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/games/comments/61v2jj/were_almost_a_year_deep_into_the_vr_game_now/dfiww0s/ ), 
  i got a ubereat ad on youtube red footnote and a kindle ad on the other footnote while on mobile , nothing on the main video . 
  a lot of football teams start as associations , whether from workers ( cruz azul , uni\u00f3n de curtidores , chivas , necaxa ) , hobbyist ( atlas , toluca ) , refugees ( asturias ) , sport clubs ( real club espa\u00f1a ) and so on . 
  a lot of these teams started playing on the amateur leagues before the formation of the league and their 50s expansion , as well as of state tournaments where states sent representatives to compete ( rayados was born from one of these teams ) . 
  since most of these competitions were amateur , universitites started creating teams to represent them to some of these leagues and tournaments . 
  this types of league still exists to this day . 
  as the league grew , some of this teams either disappeared or joined to the league . 
  as how they operate , that depends from team to team . 
  tigres represent the uanl , but it is operated by sinergia deportiva with almost none control from the dean , but they do bitch a lot .
