  bora is already retired, 
  i prefer death than voting for the pan , it only brought war and a bridge for the grandchild of the governor . 
  for me the only difference is that pan is ultra-right and has close conections with legionarios de cristo , specially with maciel . 
  so i prefer ratas than pedophiles . 
  you are right , did n't saw the post . 
  i originally founded while looking for rumors on record, 
  i call bullshit , apparently billy alvarez was training torrado to be an administrative . 
  unless they had a fall out , i doubt he will exit the institution . 
  and even then i doubt that someone on any first division would hire him , the last games he played were dreadful . 
  there is no real equivalence between the mexican parties and the americans , so i 'll give you a rundown, 
  pri is a party formed by revolutionary leaders as the pmr during the 20s that went through various transformations until it was called the pri . 
  they are more central , if only because their only real objective is to keep the power they had dring the perfect dictatorship . 
  pan is and ultra-right party formed as a response of the guerra de los cristeros , a war between the church and the state during mexico postrevolutionary war , in favor of the church and the rich . 
  they became the de facto opposition until the 90s . 
  i mash up goal.com , record and as rumors sections together, 
  what about dog shit ? 
  apparently to the bundesliga , nothing official, 
  same here , with the twist that those were the only sold on sam 's club and office max ( the only pc games seller ) . 
  where they the total war series ? 
  i can only find those on my old boxes . 
  that is the name of the collection , completly unrelated to the game serie, 
  i love mourinho and i love chelsea , but their work with most of their young talent has been appaling , just as lukaku , davila , josh mceachran , clifford , bruma and a lot more that are all over european teams, 
  totally not about zoe, 
  20 on maduro blaming anything that happens to obama, 
  if you are counting gignac , he is gypsy, 
  unless micheal arroyo enters , then you have two goals assured, 
  not exactly , this copa america is more for show than competition , since the confederation cup conmebol representative was chosen in the last copa america . 
  olympics are important , specially for youth development and reputation ( is the bloody olympics ) . 
  it was the wc before the wc , see the reactions caused on uruguay when they won it on the 20s . 
  maybe he is talking about blanco, 
  his shadow , or rather the shadow of what he represents , is too big to ignore . 
  osorio is mad with gimenez, 
  it still hurts , mostly due to the `` what if ? '', 
  soccer is love . 
  i love him , but he is retiring next season, 
  he was birthed by the eagle eating the serpent , brestfeede by coatlicue and his first ball was brought by huitzilopochtli, 
  he apparently was harrased by some of the uruguayan squad , the main mentioned player is josema gimenez . 
   ( first time since 1968 ), 
  we only required some sacrifice for the gods to win, 
   osorio looked pissed, 
  he looked as if he was about to escobar his ass . 
   everyone is trying to point fingers at mexican fans throwing shit . 
  not all fans are this shitty . 
  its soo unfair to generalize this when its not all just mexican fans that do this . 
  true , but they still represent a part of mexican `` fandom '' . 
  i seen a lot of boca jrs fans , but people only remembers the one that sprayed pepper gas to the river players, 
   what a childish display by uruguay crying over every call the ref made . 
  shut the fuck up and take the loss . 
  as much as i would love to back this comment , i have been petty and so any football fan or player at some point . 
  i am still salty to america . 
  # ** just go !, 
  # ** stop playing with my feelings !, 
  nah , the whole unofficial looks like a predecesor of internet shitposting, 
   how shitty all the uruguay tackles were, 
  for us those are shitty tackles , for premier lovers are love taps . 
  different forms to measure physical contacts, 
  [ correct tweet ] ( https://twitter.com/casadelfutbol/status/739615348169838596 ), 
   dumb reason to be mad, 
  more like petty, 
   when i went to a women 's olympic match in scotland ( colombia v. north korea ) , they accidentally used the south korean flag for the walkouts . 
  the north koreans went back inside and did n't come out for like 30 minutes . 
  i thought they were going to start a war . 
  god . 
  mexican here , we depend too much on him . 
  he in fact retired from the nt , but was convinced to come back due to our dependency on him . 
  no idea , i discovered about that game until 2010 , when i finally had an internet conection at home, 
  just ask mexico , and nigeria . 
  the one that left the cross to happen , later the goalkeeper , and the one with the responsability to cover said player . 
   * do clubs pay taxes on transfer fees ? 
  they have to , since they are companies . 
  and they also , like big companies , use loopholes and tax heavens to evade said taxes . 
  no long ago , there was some weird transfer that went from one team to an uruguayan team and then to another team . 
   ... and a black guy slept with your sister . 
  what , no `` your mom '' insult ? 
  downvoted !, 
  funny story , that is kind of what mexico did back at ' 86 . 
  a cousin told me he got to see the ussr vs hungary match free because they were giving the tickets away the schools and goverments offices . 
  [ indeed ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vidq5cykibq ), 
  [ mom still pesters dad with this own goal from marin ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lflw3ztfgwk ), 
  sao paulo is also beign mentioned, 
  el gato marin was one of the best goalkeepers that played on the league and his main weapon was his ability to throw the ball all the way to the midfield . 
  mom , an atlante fan , was at that game and remembers how he attempted to do one of his throws , saw that the players of cruz azul where beign marked , choose to keep the ball , but failed and send it to his own goal . 
  and dad is a big ban of the cruz azul of th 70s . 
  nop , they are already on cancun and some minor movements have already been anounced ( lavolpe firing and pumas official transfer list ) . 
  the lab.bleacherreport and in bed with maradona are good ones, 
  officially it starts the 8th , but the negotations have already began and there are a lot of near-confirmed rumors on the air . 
  though you are more connected with our players than with sepulveda, 
  thanks for the remainder , i took that already for granted . 
  about the second one , it is to prevent teams acting as proxies for bigger clubs , which considering america and necaxa relationship , it is plausible . 
  still , unethincal all around, 
  most of the rumors says that you want aquino , due\u00f1as and torre nilo, 
  the only player rumored is yimmi chara, 
  apparenlty he will stay on xolos as the main goalkeeper, 
  they also told chiapas to pay their players ( again ) or not draft for them . 
  on the worst side , you are also losing dayro, 
  and give ammunition to my mom ? 
  i do n't think they will sell him outright , but us him as a negotiation tool for palencia . 
  benedetto will not continue to play for america and he apparently will go to boca jrs, 
  ca n't they just not fuck it up ? 
  their editorials are good , the guardian good .
