  no offense terry and cahill , but you been shit , so for england it would be either hart , stone and smalling . 
  for colombia it would be either ospina or zapata . 
  i 'll go with zapata and hart , since stone and smalling are n't as experienced as zapata . 
  so it would be :, 
  alaba - zapata - god\u00edn - dani alves, 
  c. ronaldo - m\u00fcller - messi, 
  wow , i does numers are kind of depressing . 
  specially on milan and lazio . 
  remember the penalty against panama ? 
  * he was one of the best of the mls . 
  nice one, 
  i am going to quote / u/razoric for this one :, 
   here is what valve has these great writers doing :, 
   * chet faliszek is doing pr for the vive, 
   * jay pinkerton is doing comics, 
   * erik wolpaw is doing comics and soon psychonauts 2, 
   * ted kosmatka left for bungie, 
   * steve jaros was doing dota the last time he talked about work, 
  you have n't seen the sun , have you ? 
  yes , but have they villified and criminalized an entire city ( liverpool ) over a mismanagment of logisitcs , by both the other team and the police force of the city , at a game ? 
  i 'm talking about hillsbourgh, 
   if anything there is solidarity between the two groups united as one city . 
  which contradicts with what / u/axehomeless said , mmm ... 
  i am going to take a shot of vodka , the strong one , and go to sleep . 
  this shit is too dumb , even for a drunk . 
  play videogames , play them , specially good ones , like portal, 
  though he did add a fair representation of nazi germany 's view on japan . 
  is that a comedy ? 
  hence , portal, 
  bruyne current form is better than james current form , which i ca n't blame him due to the clusterfuck that is rm right now . 
  yes , i 'm also iffy about zapata . 
  read resentment, 
  also , does ai have rights ? 
  and should ai have rights ? 
  and does what happens on vt should be considered as relevant to the public ? 
  probably the goals that relegated us in the derby against rayados de monterrey back in the 95-96 season . 
  either that or the goals of claudio nu\u00f1ez that brought us back to primera divisi\u00f3n, 
  fifa 12 , combined podolski , neymar and tevez . 
  won like four la liga with them, 
  you have to understand that no team is going to sell their best player or a great player in the winter transfer , since it could damage the way the team is playing . 
  if they sell them , it would be on the summer window . 
  so for manu , they probably will buy people from shorter leagues or with formats that allow this bombshells like mexico , brasil and argentina . 
  either that or flops that van gaal may consider valuable enough to be brought . 
  ... i am going to need some vodka for this . 
  * takes a shot of vodka *, 
  this format is a mess . 
  defense will be marcelo , ramos , pepe and carvajal , midfielders will be kroos , modric and isco , and then the bbc . 
  does isco plays defensively , please tell me that he does ... 
  is sheffield united the poorman 's version of liverpool ? 
  to the first question , yes , what matters is the position of the player since the last hit to the ball . 
  as for the second one , have n't seen it . 
  there is something like that , though , in the game argentina vs cameroon , but those were two challenges by two players on the same . 
  so far my memory goes , it was a yellow to the first and a red to the second . 
  jaja, 
  dumb handball , precious goal for spurs, 
  around 4 or 5 , but in monterrey i only went to two in my life , mostly because almost the entire stadium is sold out before the season begin . 
  so , basically my uncle, 
  probably when we won our first league in its short format ( apertura 2011 ) , after years of shitness that we only survived from beign relegated due to the porcentage table . 
  specially because santos actually tie the global score . 
  i wont say this recent championship , due to the complete clusterfuck that was the return leg . 
  also when we reached the finals of libertadores , something that i actually believed impossible . 
  and when i was a kid , the rematch game against america in the apertura 2005 , from a 1-3 at home to a 1-4 at the azteca . 
   are they antonio di natale ? 
  sometimes i wonder how does a ton of italian players manage to play so well on the twilight of their careers . 
  also , roger miller, 
  twitter has not taken down the accounts of the children of mexican drug dealers , some of them allude to murders , show guns , and , in one occasion , one of them took a photo with his father , el chapo guzman , after he espaced . 
  do you think that they will take down the account of milo ? 
  blocked in mexico, 
  sincerly i am on the other side with this , if the author says she is whte , she is white and period , fuck everything else unless it 's an adaptation that takes the characters to a completly different setting , like romeo + juliet . 
  anything else , in my opinion , must be taken with the same eyes that one must read an excuse to transform naruto in a girl and make her be fucked by the sandaime . 
  yes , that is a thing in the fanfiction scene . 
  the only thing that i consider bizarre is the anwser , it pretty much reads as a `` my pr-personnel told me to say this '' . 
  more like lucius malfoy on the second book, 
  pilar , barbadillo , boy , gaitan , claudio nu\u00f1ez, 
  though gignac , sobis , guerron , palmera rivas , guzman , ayala , lobos , mancilla , chilindrina , danilinho , silveira and cacha are pretty close, 
   it 's having a headcanon that is n't defaulting to white . 
  she is described as white in the book , but yeah , probably a bad example . 
  but that 's the only one i could think about in the moment . 
  you know what ? 
  you may be right , i 'm going to check the books to see how was she described . 
  also , there been `` alleged '' drawings by j.k. where she is white before the books , but it 's not uncommon that writers have changen key aspects of some characters from draft to draft . 
  i actually do n't drink tequila , never been on my favourites, 
  no , she does . 
  she considers to be ashamed of reading him and kerouc . 
  it 's on the text . 
  my point was that she went from shaming one side to shaming the other . 
   `` both sides are the same ! '', 
  i am mostly in favor of kundera 's `` all extremist are shit '' from * la insoportable levedad del ser *, 
  just reread that , you are saying the truth . 
  eliminating the unnecesary comment , right now . 
  sorry for the incovenience, 
  or use classic xi and fuck with the sliders , too, 
  there probably is , but i ca n't confirm . 
  sinvicta just renacted the rise of power of hitler , he ended up killing r\u00f6hm to be trusted by everyone else . 
  look , he is a pragmatic bielsa and he has experience with south american clubs , and on his curriculum you can find a copa sudamericana , the south american version of the europa league . 
  at most you would have one okay season and the rest will be amazing . 
  ffs , get you shit together on the administrtive level . 
  from losing a player just when he is about to sign the contract to this , how fucking difficult is to check the law when buying a player ? 
  you are a football institution , not a kid on fifa . 
  i made the grave mistake to click on the most commented post , for those who dare to even click the link in the description :,
