  no thanks, 
  * too many teams for so little places to the wc, 
  * logistical nightmares both for continental tournaments and wc qualifiers . 
  imagine going from santiago de chile all the way to ottawa for just one game , and later going back again . 
  * outside of mexico , usa , t&t , costa rica , panama and jamaica , the rest of concacaf would suffer even more under this new federation , both on wc qualifiers and continental tournaments, 
  it depends from place to place , i can only give my opinion as an outsider :, 
  * uruguay and argentina 's football come directly from the europeans that went there , mostly italians . 
  most of their football developed under hard tackles and , instead of eveolving to a similar catenaccio defense , they developed an offensive based on strenght and headers . 
  one of the main examples was the estudiantes de la plata of the 70s . 
  this style permated almost all of the football in south america , such as paraguay and chile . 
  as a side note , cruz azul and toluca attempted to copy said style with `` el confesor '' , but it never really exploded and it died at the 80s . 
  * brasil 's football began developing since the times of leonidas , one of the inventors of the bycicle trick . 
  it finally consolidated on what we know as jogo bonito during the 60s of pele and garrincha . 
  said style can change from socrate 's brasil from the 80s to the dunga 's brasil of the 90s . 
  colombia particularly based their style from this . 
  * all i remember from peru is that speed is a main element of their style . 
  because the nature of penalties shootout is to decide everything with a single shot per pearson , a `` one shot , one opportunity '' kind of thing . 
  you either score it , or you fail . 
  that idea sounds like a clusterfuck to implement , first you pass through the nerve wrecking that is a pk shootout , and then resume the game with the posibility of losing ? 
  it 's really fucking stupid . 
  yes , but their football comes mostly from italians . 
  though bocas was orginally formed by swedish imigrants, 
  nop , huns where the best, 
  if the third one is implemented then there would really be of no use to unite both federations , since one of the main pros is that concacaf nts would play against conmebol teams , who are normally superior in quality . 
  puebla does it every season, 
  is it ? 
  i normally just use it for porn . 
   how about you go out and create something , rather than bitching that people who are pouring their heart and soul into creating are not creating specifically for you . 
  does a film critic 's opinion is worth less because he ca n't do shit ? 
  should we consider people like netzsche , heidegger , foucault , bloom and steiner complete idiots because they `` bitch about others people work '' ( btw , nice way of summarizing the entire of world literary criticism ) ? 
  let me be clear on one aspect : criticism , or `` bitching '' according to you , is a form of creation . 
  i know that there is a difference between `` birth of the tragedy '' and `` parmenides '' to most random rants on tumblr or reddit , but they are creations birth either for the dissatisfaction or satisfaction obtained from someone 's else work . 
  yeah , you may not like it , but it is . 
  and yeah , authors do n't own anything to fans , and fans do n't own anything to the author and have the right and the duty ( could n't think of a better word , other option was `` moral obligation '' ) to express their opinion , even if their opinion is so stupid that kia would n't upvoted it . 
  but it is their opinion , and the structuring of said opinion is a form of creation . 
  also , this :, 
   `` fandom '' is the `` customer is always right '' mindset within a certain brand of capitalism . 
  this is the entitlement of being told all your life that dollars are votes and it means you get some sort of a say in the creative process . 
  `` fandom '' is born for love of an art piece , whatever said piece is or constitutes . 
  it is not born of capitalism , and it is nothin new as you imply . 
  there is a ton of societies and groups who could be catalogued now as fandom since the ancient greeks . 
  though , the `` talk with your money '' does come from capitalism , since the channels to communicate dissatisfaction where really narrow , so most people could only communicate that way . 
  young man , god never said anything about interspecies fucking . 
  but the gays , those are the real deviats . 
   however , if you want to publish a mod on steam there are rules you have to follow and that has nothing to do with `` morality police '' , creating `` safe spaces '' or `` stifling creativity '' . 
  have you seen steam greenlight ? 
  a cousin told me last week : `` hey , [ redacted name ] , why do n't you have a twitter account . 
  do n't you know is imperative to have one ? '', 
  yeah , no thanks, 
  a bot has a better graphic card than me, 
   is the game actually good ? 
  what is your definition for good , exactly ? 
  one of the positive things of third world gaming pre-6th generation is the lack of a lot of the marketing that created this cult . 
  one did n't have this brand loyalty . 
  the one thing that i think she missed is to point out that videogames exploded right during that time that marketing became relevant to companies and the deregulation of commercials to kids on the us ( main market for western developers ) . 
  that created the perfect storm to cultivate the fruits of our modern day , there is no better example than the video that is on the article ( hashtag playstationmemeories , the fuck ? ) . 
  this same problem , though created by different reasons exist on japan , not only on the videogame market , but also on the manga , anime and idols market . 
  and i will not speak about europe because i have no idea how it went there . 
  where it was origianlly shoted, 
  i 'm still impresed this was originally released at cannes, 
   loli mods , too . 
  gon na laugh my ass off when those hit xbox and companies start dropping the hammer . 
  i doubt those are actually ported to xbox or ps4 , the mod community was harassed by the console community before the program even started , ended up with a lot of modders using the the script extender so their mods were impossible to use on consoles . 
  he mentioned a left back , not some left back, 
  just how it went, 
  then no , it 's tits and mid-low tier rpg mechanics, 
  100 years ? 
  try 40 , they only became relevant during the 70s due to televisa actually caring and later sucking all the remaining energy from necaxa during the 90s . 
  gignac : owner of a chain of meat-centered restaurants, 
  i only remember that gaitan scored . 
  noooooooooooo !, 
  get away from my fat french !, 
  we payed his market value directly to him, 
  you will be surprised of how many people consider youtubers their `` friends '' due to an obsessive para-social relationships, 
  you did n't saw the original way i post it . 
  it was horrible, 
  thanks, 
   it would have to he organized like a cartel . 
  of course , intimidation , assault , murder and rackeetering are all perfect ways . 
  both practical and ethical to `` resolve '' football . 
  shit , if presidents of federation only knew that the best way to control the market is by cutting some legs of `` problematic '' players , we would be all playing on happy fields , full of unicorns and rainbows . 
  no , for two reasons :, 
  * the american system works because of the closeness of the leagues ( nba/nhl/nfl / mlb ) , where they have a monopoly on most of the sport and on the revenue . 
  * the salary cap and draft are made just to control the salaries of all the players , so to give more power to the owners of the teams and not to the player , who could use offers of bigger salaries as a leverage on contract negotations . 
  edit : also , third :, 
  * it does n't really work . 
  cleveland has not won anything , and any fall of the big to give chance to the small are not caused either by draft or salary cap , but by simple mismanagement of company resources that happens on countries without both institutions . 
  2nd edit : another thing i thought while reading your comments, 
  * all the leagues , regardless of currency and other economic factors , must have the same salary cap . 
  therefore , the liga mx must have the same cap than primera division on argentina , regardless of the differency between the change rate between both currencies or with the us dollar . 
  these would create a colosal buracratic clusterfuck , since said factors are outside the range of the leagues . 
  and if the salary caps depended on the judgement of the league , the one with a better slary cap ( in other words , where the slary can buy more , as in 100 euros can buy more than 100 argentinian pesos ) would still outbuy all the talent . 
  so there is no real progress to a more `` fair football '' . 
  just look at cleveland, 
  from my perspective it sounded as a common drug cartel ( from monterrey , sorry ), 
  i mantain my negative judgment of the idea , since a legal cartel is still unethical and anticompetitive , bordering on racketeering . 
  chump change and snickers , probably, 
  it looks like ek queso fernandez is leaving , considering sosa is actually heavyly linked with us, 
  like someone would buy torrado, 
  was n't he already retired due to the stress caused by his tenure at barcelona,
