  also , queso fernandez is mostly an striker , not an attacking midfielder . 
  and we are part of one of the most succesfull companies of the world , so spending millons is not uncommon . 
  disregard my comment as informative , i just threw the first thing in my mind and i have never been in co, 
   maybe tuca is the one who can reign him in . 
  doubt it , zidane works with real madrid both because of his stature and his backstage politics management , but tucas none for ben harfa since a ) ben harfa comes from a highly respectable football family and b ) tuca takes no shit from no star . 
  chamagol , rolando zarate , luis garc\u00eda , marino and saritama to tigres . 
  probably sosa . 
  and lucas lobos to toluca , he was our best player for a few years and it just fell through the floor when he arrived to el infierno . 
  the salt and the ignorance is delicious, 
  they scrapped the academies , the scout and development system for most sports , crisis on the national identity , the shock of neoliberalism on a state-run economy and the renaissance of the russian mafia , causing a domestic security crisis , put the whole soviet spot system on hold , and it was the last to recover . 
   3 - it 's bought by not true gamers \u2122 . 
  wait , does that mean i got muh gamers pass revoked ? 
  no ! ^ ^ / s, 
  hulk put some weight, 
  we are winning the gold again , yes !, 
   [ the other toxic pastime ], 
  wow , i did n't knew that the s * n was leaking to / r/gamerghazi, 
  you are right , i though he was . 
  fixed, 
   the best brazilian coach is probably tite , but he refused us . 
  why ? 
  weirdly enough , guardiola uses his football style as a base for his, 
  it would be easier to convince maradona and maduro that bush is communist than convincing the cbf to hire a defensive-oriented foregin manager, 
  my question is who could ** theoretically ** replace dunga . 
  if i asked * who will replace dunga * , then the anwser would have been :, 
  * he is keeping the job because the cbf apparently likes him, 
  zico was a great player , but as a manager he has been rubish . 
  he even lost the greece superliga with olympiakos . 
  the odds where something like -229 for brazil , - twohundredsomething for a draw and +545 for peru just for this game, 
  have you tried mario strikers ? 
  he is from argentina, 
  he is from argentina, 
  giowho ? 
  mlwhat ? 
  40 million euros my balls , lukaku barely scratches 20, 
  whatever your schedule can take, 
  i do n't see why he should see fc groningen his club if he did n't like them from the start . 
  oh man , that would be a pipe bomb in brazil . 
  riots would burn the streets of rio, 
   even though i hate mexico ... 
  my taco sense detect a trump supporter ^ ^ / s, 
  yes , why is the son obligated to follow his father tastes ? 
  must a child be just a puppet to his parents ' desires and/or legacy ? 
  brazil , they had some of their best player on the bench , some even better where not even called , and lost a game that , in the paper , should have been an easy win . 
  special mention of uruguay , but their dependency on suarez was an already known weakness ( see last wc ) . 
  the usa army also refused to march with the free french army during wwii because they were mostly colonial soldiers . 
  hype off, 
  doubt it , a zelda gender swap is a big no no on loz lore, 
   obviously he is n't obligated to do anything . 
  your honour , i rest my case . 
   sacrifices must be made for the greater good, 
  [ the greater good ] ( https://youtu.be/yupbolithjy?t=8s ), 
  where ? 
  nop , the only one called from liga mx is nahuel guzman, 
  and you won, 
  what do you use to watch the games ? 
  fuck them, 
  he has not exploded as expected, 
  it would create an excellent destruktion of the proppian epic narrative, 
  i am in favor of eiji 's `` circular logic '' since it comes from a natarrological standpoint and shows that they actually care for the world they created . 
  to have a female link would trigger a destuktion of the proppian narrative and would also look to destroy the vicious eternal recurrence that the goddesses imposed them . 
  on the downside , aonuma does n't look that interested on moving away from the formula of eternal recurrence . 
  it is more of an avatar of the hero 's spirit than a reincarnation , as for the phallus it is due to beign chained to the narratologically elements of the epic genre and on the lore it has been chained due to the cycle that was canonized on ss , where there is a princess ( wisdom ) , a hero ( courage ) and the enemy ( courage ) . 
  due to this two elements any deviation would destroy the cycle of destruction and rebirth of the kingdom , where the kingdom rises , then falls and it is later saved by the hero that carries with all of their sins , the sacrifice . 
  ~ ~ another element that i have is more of a theory . 
  in tp , faron is the last place to be conquered , why ? 
  how come the rest of the fountains of light fall to darkness and faron must be conquered by physical forces ? 
  if you talk with the rest of the characters , no one knows they have been invaded , some even continue their lives with the only presentment that something is not `` normal '' , but how come everyone on faron remembers they fought ? 
  and why was ilya kidnapped ? 
  no one else is kidnapped , no one mentions any kidnapping , how come she was the one ? 
  the only anwser i could get is that the goddesses machinated to take ilya from the picture , so that the hero would only have eyes for the princess , evitating any deviation of the cycle of death and rebirth of the kingdom . ~ ~, 
  edit : disregard the last theory , completly forgot about three characters, 
  that defender plays in qatar ? 
  completely forgot about them , but currently on mobile so i 'll change it when i sit on the pc, 
  dammit gignac , you could have done better, 
  still love ya, 
   the stage was set for marquez and co. to break their round of 16 curse and give their country something to cheer about . 
  why must you break my heart again ? 
   but let me tell you : constantly pointing back to the 50s team hindered our progress for many-many decades ... 
  so i 'm glad we have something to show now to look back on that is more recent . 
  my cousin managed to get a ticket for the hungary vs urss at '86 ( they were giving them free so the stadium did n't look empty ) , he is also a football nerd and he came with the exact same conclusion . 
  he told , or so i remember , that seeing hungary play was `` like watching an old man whose body can not keep up with the times , and his mind refuses to accept said fact . '', 
  should gignac be considered french ? 
  so far my memory goes , he is gitan , who are as french as a vasque is spaniard . 
  if they win by a large margin to rumaniia they may enter through the 3rd place policy by having 3 points and a good goal diference . 
  was n't there a page where people would publish revenge porn and said page obtanied money though ads ? 
   with the harley quinn suicide contest, 
  wait , what ? 
   ... it spits on cap 's original creators . 
  this is pretty much one of the reasons i prefer manga than american comics , the mangakas have more power over their work than their american counterparts . 
  that is putting it lightly, 
  the zeitgeist over narratology, 
  yes ! ^ ^ ^ whatwasthequestion ? 
  martinolli losing his shit is great, 
  you laugh , but there was some actual sentiment against changing regulations due to the sinking of the titanic . 
  the thing is that puto 's definition is a clusterfuck here at mexico , it can mean, 
  * a male prostitute :, 
  * someone that is not `` manly '' ( moslty when the suffix - ito is used ) :, 
   mirate , andas de putito, 
  * as a superlative :,
