  * as a real hard punch :, 
  * as something unpleasent :, 
  * or just as a variant of `` g\u00fcey '' :, 
  the thing is that puto 's definition is a clusterfuck here at mexico , it can mean, 
  * a male prostitute :, 
  * someone that is not `` manly '' ( moslty when the suffix - ito is used ) :, 
   mirate , andas de putito, 
  * as a superlative :, 
  * as a real hard punch :, 
  * as something unpleasent :, 
  * or just as a variant of `` g\u00fcey '' :, 
   another woman was incorrectly believed to be the second victim and was doxxed by angry and jealous fangirls . 
  ... what ? 
  nah , i 'll be fine with semis, 
  he apparently just told them to fuck off and is packing to argentina, 
  the whole thing it 's still murky , so there are only rumors and heresay . 
  most of it says that both dante and ludue\u00f1a went to zacatepec , stayed for a couple of days , told zacatepec and pumas to fuck off and canceled their contracts . 
  ludue\u00f1a is sounding for talleres , dante is going home . 
  sorry for inquiring , but is ukraine matemathically out of the tournament ? 
  see the third, 
  probably bullshit, 
  really ? 
  and there is one more game, 
  fuck it , i ai n't gon na see this shit again , i 'm gon na have a wank instead, 
  undertale, 
  undertale happened, 
  edit : i just read the comments , completely forgot the the stace for the witcher is `` fuck the poles , their mythology has no value to us , and our culture must prevail to theirs '' . 
  latin america , which is almost everything below usa , sometimes it includes the caribbean islands, 
  so far it looks kind of unnecessary , saying prageru is regressive is like saying the sun is hot . 
  though , there will always be the ones that refuses said argument and will refute any argument that does not concludes on `` the sun is cold '', 
  edit : take a look at this, 
   also , the fact that prager accuses paul of being a `` radical lefty '' during his rant makes his definition of a `` leftist '' even more confusing . 
  will someone actually take them seriously ? ^ ^ probably ^ ^ yes, 
  i turn it off by the 3rd goal , i knew where they were headed , i saw the signs that it was a 2004 tgres , the one that fucked everything up . 
  osorio went for all-or-nothing approach with the players having some of their worst forms in months , so i choose to not torture myself . 
  tomorrow is a new day , the tears will be washed , but not forgotten , in time . 
  `` god 's in his heaven/all 's right with the world !, 
   but revelations related to one of the jurors led to a mistrial . 
  and even then they deliberated for 4 and a half hours on whether he was guilty of the gang rape or not, 
  do n't worry , nobody can `` finish '' finnegans wake, 
  thanks, 
  look it in the non-telegraph link , it says that . 
  so far my memory goes , they thought that the heretics deserved death , so denial at the moment would be unnecessary . 
  some would say i 'm ... eternal :p, 
  god , i suck at this, 
  simple , the madrid players just declared themselves guilty , pay what is due and go home , the bar\u00e7a players declared themselves innocent , and got lost trials . 
  also , most of the cases are derivations of neymar 's buying case , and most of them use the recommended accountant by the institution . 
  you should see ours , we elect idiots for their looks . 
  at this point , i would n't be impressed if he was / b / , / pol / and/or / r9k / regular, 
   `` bullying makes a man out of boys '', 
  does it ? 
  it only brought alcoholism to me at the age of 13, 
  though there is no real evidence , it was brought by an somewhat unreliable anonymous source and it was only left because because , and it is the main writer excuse :, 
   it made her smile . 
  no , it is as stupid as it was when it was presented by our fa . 
  the idea that scoring goals is the only factor of a good game is ridicolous , and to add points for the number of goals is even more . 
  it leaves no room for underdogs , and it takes no other factors than numbers . 
  and worse of all , it wont change anything to the core . 
  one can simple let themselves be scored a goal , or even score an own goal , do an iceland/greece by counterattacking , and then park the bus for the rest of the game . 
  also , `` lesser nations '' ? 
  shit , and here i thought that trump and ukip will never leak to / r/soccer . 
  to get the 2 points , or the point for the second recomendation . 
  nah , the internet gives the voice to everyone , no matter the quality of their submission . 
   excessively loud provocative farts directed at an official . 
  holy shit, 
   mutko ... , the doping bastard and soccer destroyer . 
  what ? 
   - change the world cup ( and every other major international competition ) setup . 
  each country who wants to host puts down a deposit and then gives a presentation on what their country can offer , how they will deal with hooligans and other things . 
  they technically do that , hence the whole `` voting '' system . 
   - strict ffp laws . 
  teams who break ffp will be banned for a full window and slapped a # 5 million fine . 
  if they break it again they get banned from champions/europa league or deducted points if they 're not in champions/europa league . 
  that is uefa 's tournaments and decisions , not fifa 's . 
   - a certain amount of players on the team must be from that leagues country . 
  one of the reasons english football is struggling to produce quality players is because we 're pushing our own youth aside to sign some foreign players . 
  that is something that concerns only each country 's fa , not fifa . 
   - owners ca n't own multiple teams . 
  not fifa 's business . 
   - push for the 50 +1 rule . 
  i am against this for several reasons , the main one is that it perpetrates the teams winning the league , since no one can really shake up the league . 
  tradition should never be above everything . 
  and it is also not fifa 's business . 
   - remove comic san from kits . 
  not fifa 's business . 
   - owners can be blacklisted . 
  if they have a terrible reputation outside of football , they can be put on a blacklist and they can not buy/own/run a club . 
  clubs ca n't be bought for political reasons . 
  not fifa 's business , and it would violate so many laws . 
  look , fifa should not run football , they only should administrate international tournaments and mediate between fas , both continental and nationals , and being the last court of appeal for clubs . 
  what you propose violates one of the main reasons that fas still mantain relationship with fifa , they keep their independence . 
  you can do what you want , so long it does n't violate the law and it does n't deviate that much from the standard . 
  also , most of your proposal is illegal , specially the last four . 
  must had a brain fart , better sit down and push it out from me , leaving it behind to float on turbulent waters . 
  shit , it 's on the same time than the euros, 
  hungary wins with a 2-1 , winning goal scored at the 93rd minute, 
  iceland 1-0 to austria , they will probably fuck it up, 
  italy 1-0 ireland, 
  miracles, 
  stupid # 1 , meet stupid # 2 , you will both be on the poster of the stupid,
