  yeah , your defense makes dorados of sinaloa look good . 
   toni, 
  what ? 
  when ? 
  why ? 
   some people just write it off as being a skill every player has . 
  `` if you do all the hard work but ca n't finish , you can fuck off . '', 
  chicha and welbeck were victims to this mentality . 
  also bergkamp at inter, 
  it 's just a beautiful time to be tigres fan , specially after the times of guzman . 
  indeed, 
  chicharo dubted way to late , also salcido and from my team : due\u00f1as . 
  what the fuck is an ukip ? 
  we will go the final , and fuck it up again !, 
  :d ^ pleasedo n't, 
  also , mancilla will get in problems with the cartels due to his gambling problems and monterrey excessive number of casinos . 
  and our defensive midfield will miss arevalo . 
  a lot of people in mexico hate chicharito and constantly speak shit of him , some of the most noteworthy is marin of fox sports . 
  david pakman and tb , after that i mostly treated it like it should be , another twitter drama . 
  then shit got real when it translated to the rl . 
  oh boy , here it comes :, 
  * 3 lost finals : one with pachuca on 2005 , last season against america and the final of libertadores , away game . 
  * 1 won final , the fucking rollercoaster that was the 4-1 against unam, 
  * my first game seeing chelsea , ca n't remember who but duff was great . 
  later i saw drogba play . 
  * that time i saw palermo at la bombonera , ca n't remember when exactly . 
  * 3 lost games at the round of 16 at the wc : 2002 corea-japon against usa ( mother cried that game ) , 2010 south africa ( fuck you tevez ) and 2014 ( ** \u00a1 no era penal !, 
  and undertale won, 
  all 's right in the world . 
  nah , he said on the podquisitions that it is not a great rpg . 
  and campos played both as a goalkeeper and as a striker in pumas, 
  recently ? 
  nu\u00f1ez on the 90s , gaitan on the early 2000s and gignac this year . 
  of all time ? 
  most of the squad that made us great at the late 70s ( pilar , bato , boy , barbadillo ), 
  gordon `` safer than the banks of england '' banks played for leicester ? 
  you can buy him on the first season in manager mode of fifa 12 . 
  so ... is juventus going to be relegated again ? 
  not exactly , they are a few of them , but most of the fans that you normally see on the games come from ultras , the equivalent to hooligans in italy . 
  these groups are now fighting for the right to free their space from the walls that prevent them to stab the opposing team 's fans , which was the norm . 
  also , roma has played some shit football these few weeks , so there is even less incentive to go to the game . 
  add the economic crisis that italy still suffers and there is your nearly empty stadium . 
  beginning negotiations while the exiting manager is still on the job is considered to be an insult . 
  you know what ? 
  this whole gg thing reminds why dad was right to not let me have an internet connection at home until highschool . 
  except ojos azules and la reina del sur , they are pretty bad . 
  yeah , it 's two . 
  for some reason i tought he played in the 2002 squad . 
  garrincha , almost all of the skills we known as basic dribbling and free kicks comes from him . 
  there is also rogerio ceni , who showed the possiblity of goalkeepers scoring goals . 
  technically campos also did that , but he was also an striker and played those games he scored as a strike , not as a goalkeeper . 
  i would also add puskas , but he was more of the best striker produced under the hungarian school than an inovator of or the creator of said school . 
  does socrates backheel penalty shoots count ? 
  and last one , the speed of george weah . 
  for some reason he is sounding to come here , mexico , specifically veracruz and taking meliton , nt player , minutes , but the only confirmation given by the club is that a representant of the player has reached them and nothing else . 
  oh , did n't knew of him . 
  thanks . 
   beating teenage mutant ninja turtles on nes, 
  order , bullshit has been call on court . 
  yeah , what happened to that ? 
  marin of cruz azul became famous because of doing that . 
  that and the most hilarious own goal . 
  not that , i meant with bielsa beign swanswa manager, 
  also , cameroon and ghana , apparenlty to get the money they were promised . 
  and vela , for apparently getting mad due to some players that hired prostitutes too got only a slap on the wrist . 
  somehow i want that call to happen ... 
  `` hallo , pep guardiola buro . 
  ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ pleasegorogue, 
  do you think he gives a shit ? 
  pulido thought he was the smart one , but all he got was 0 minutes after the desicion from cas was made . 
  now he wants to play , but olympiacos want money for him , and no one wants to get in trouble by making an even more illegal operation than the original one . 
  so good luck mate , welcome to retirement . 
  undrtl, 
  i love jrpgs , from the ff serie , to the tales of series , and games like terranigama , the world ends with you and chrono trigger are some of my favourites of all time . 
  i also love when games go the avant-garde style and decide to simply throw all conventions away , like undertale 's manual changing depending of how you play or losing an ending forever if you play it in someway . 
  but also , i have no money for games , absoultly 0 . 
  mom 's liver failed on january , and a kidney on october , so most of the money went there . 
  :( also the economy is shit and sales have dropped to hell . 
  anyway , thanks op . 
  look mate , both mexico and nigeria have won the sub-whatever multiple times , and we still have yet to pass from the round of 16 . 
  in fact , let me give you some data . 
  most of the first generation that won our first youth championship play mostly on 2nd division , with the few exceptions of the dos santos ( la galaxy ) , vela ( real sociedad ) and some guy in guatemala . 
  chicha was not even called to be on the squad . 
  also , our 1978 wc squad was based on the idea that a bunch of youth players that won silver will give us the edge to win the wc . 
  we did n't even pass from the first round , losing 3-1 to tunisia , 4-0 to poland and a 6-0 to germany . 
  dunno , what 's a cult player ? 
  is it the drogba that show me the greatness of chelsea ? 
  or their predecessors to that love : duff , zola and gu\u00f0johnsen ? 
  or is the matias fernandez of colo colo , the palermo of boca , the ortega of river , the ceni of sao paulo , the chupete suazo of rayados , the gaitan and silvera of tigres ? 
  chicha at united , riquelme at barcelona , toni at bayern . 
  it 's more of a `` throwing wrenches to their careers '' that `` ruining careeers '' . 
  edit : goddamit , the worst mistake possible . 
  apparently bielsa will return to chile , so there is a possibility that they manage to convince him to go . 
  part of me is like a five-year-old-me that just got a n64 . 
  another part of me is worried that this first job burns him for the clusterfuck that is today 's chelsea . 
  hence amending `` ruined '' with `` throwing wrenches '', 
  and what happened ? 
  and threaten to destroy pokemon stadium with a hammer . 
  pokemon stadium :(, 
  sorry there , mistake from my part .
