  did a mollusk kill his/her entire family with a knob while gobbling ? 
  according to ud , it is . 
  for some reason i imagned a mollusk gobbling something while using a knob, 
  cruz azul , is that you ? 
  8 mins, 
  near a 1000 comments . 
  what a game, 
  that ... makes so much sense . 
  i 'm going to write it on my insults notebook . 
  * why is hollywood making a ghost in the shell movie ? 
  death , taxes , frustrazul choking and wegner beign cheap . 
   `` you better watch out, 
   you better not cry, 
   better not pout, 
   i 'm telling you why, 
   santa claus is coming to town '', 
  most of them are not ideal or possible :, 
  carvalho is getting too old , and wegner normally prefers youth over experience . 
  aubameyang has , if i recall correctly , a clause on his contract that stipulates that he ca n't be sold unless reus goes with him and viceversa . 
  so far the wings are not a problem in arsenal . 
  hummels has too much love too dortmund , he will probably stay there until the end of his career . 
  they are going to buy xhaka , so they say , and krychowiak is an actual good option for their problematic midfield . 
  krychowiak is the only one who sounds like a good option , since he is a defensive midfielder . 
   crystal palace sub : it 's ade-fucking-bayor for wickham . 
  i suspect that if wickham had ade 's barnet , he would n't have been so rocked by that clash of heads . 
  whoop , whoop , here comes the own goal against crystal palace, 
  it 's never too soon, 
  i am not going to enter on the giveaway , i just want to say : that is one weird condition . 
   `` today football lost '' after getting beaten by chelsea . 
  was n't that when they lost to milan ? 
  probably better than my father 's current laptop, 
  i called dibs first, 
  koestler approved, 
   maybe but mostly likely they will explore other ventures . 
  they are already on other ventures . 
  hell , they smuggle raw resources to china now, 
  it sounded like some sort of retro synth pop , probably duck game, 
  [ happy birthday ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qcusltdl1ps ), 
  probably timesplinters ii , i remember that game fondly . 
  as for snacks , does pizza count as a snack ? 
  if not , then lemon flavored chips . 
  hello again emotional roller coaster , my old friend, 
  he is on a loan from dorados, 
  that 's it , fuck it , i 'm going to see the results later, 
  why ? 
  have you seen our backup keeper ? 
  not even dorados wants him !, 
  i am joe 's complete lack of surprise, 
   and it makes no sense to continue to honor jackson . 
  it never made sense , ** considering he did n't even like paper money . 
   what about those players that have dual citizenship ? 
  i remember the special from egm m\u00e9xico, 
  we are , unless we pull a gaitan, 
  cocaine and not realizing my mother paranoia was unhealthy . 
  and was a part of the fingerprints joke of animaniacs, 
   we play almost every other week , and it gets crazy once we reach the nuclear era - all diplomacy goes out the window . 
  word, 
  on a semi-related note , i made my dad rage quit at aoe2 while playing on archipielago by sieging . 
  ... why did you buy chivalry and doorkickers ? 
  nobody said / u/myvirginityisstrong was a shy individual, 
  wait ... that was real ? 
  as in * real real *, 
  ** holy mother of donkey shit , what the fucking fuck ? 
  wait , did n't one of the main programmers called bitcoin a `` failed experiment '' ? 
  no , it was n't about that . 
  the article speaked about a centralization of the market and some sort of old bitcoin and new bitcoin . 
  probably someone with similarities of skill with lisandro lopez :, 
  good with possession , good outside of the box and that can play as an offensive midfielder, 
  edit : most importantly , consistent and not injury prone, 
   now if we look at shit like how gross some of the people around it can be ( see the 2gd stuff , grand grant , or whoever else . ), 
  then totally . 
  but that it is also something that happens on sport, 
  there is a strong bad game ? 
  according to wikipedia , there are 23 levels of football beginning in mid-sussex football league ( div 10 ) and ending in epl . 
  so it would take 24 years at least to go from mid-sussex football league ( div 10 ) to get to epl . 
  i remember he beign shit for us . 
  like relly bad , were are talking levels of aston villa . 
  we made conventry city look good . 
  but he just arrived on one of our worst spells of mediocrity . 
  we werent relegated due to the shitty relegation system here at mexico . 
  he was also heavily critizied during his spell with argentinta nt . 
  i kind of want tuca out , or at least retired . 
  could you give some context , please ? 
  wow , thanks, 
  walter gaitan and drogba, 
  fuck the sun , a fairy tale has been accomplish and the cunts go directly to furries, 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jztnekfn3vy ) or [ \u00a1 no era penal !, 
  ] ( https://youtu.be/iv1q2-djlq4?t=1m56s ), 
  why does the sun still exist ? 
  why ? 
  take the hp , the my toshiba has has a better processor than the asus and it won a worst build giveaway, 
  there are a few pet-peeves with the article , certain phrases could be rephrased , but my main problem is that it concludes on `` valve just does n't care '' rather than seeing that this is more of a vox populi of the internet : the internet will solve it , somehow . 
  how many times have we seen the phrase `` in the internet , everything will resolve itself . '', 
  valve , beign an element of the old internet , continues said philosophy . 
  rather than `` valve does n't care '' , the conclusion is `` valve has n't evolved to the times . '', 
  mexican is a nationality and muslim is a religion , you idiot, 
    mexican and muslim is n't a race, 
   i 'll take `` phrases racists use to suggest they are n't racist please '', 
  sigh ... 
  they have to evolve , specially when competitors have finally discovered how not to suck .
