  most rumors posiition alvarez either to rayados or to america , but none of them confirm he staying on atlas, 
  possibly smoke , teams with more capital are looking for his signature and those same teams need a striker more desperately than cruz azul . 
  even then it was only temporary and not always on the starting xi . 
  currentlly there are three teams fighting over aviles , as well as a colombian team ( atletico nacional ) , so there is nothing set on stone right now . 
  thanks to xolos , rayados and queretaro for being perfect enchancement talent for this final , as well as giving my thanks to altas and toluca for their hard work . 
  apparently pachuca is losing two or three strikers , so they are looking into getting someone with experience and filling the rest with either national or foregin young talent . 
  wrong thread man, 
   the message i was trying to get across is that these type of videos do n't require as much as one would make seem . 
  the ones they are cancelling are the wretling shows , not the top ten videos . 
  at least watch the video before you shittalk , you ignorant . 
  probably with his speed and free kicks , but most of the rumors points to gremio in brazil, 
  now , that 's 5 million , and that is a different payment . 
  however , rumor is that puebla must pay 10 million due to chargoy 's shenanigans, 
  considering that the franchise system , also known as the closed-shop system , was made to protect the investment done to the teams rather that the quality of the sport , it is not that far from their true end game . 
  nop , apparently it 's still 5m, 
  the 10 million will be given to the fmf , not the team . 
  in my opinion you should n't play the promotion playoff if you do n't fill the requirement , effectively promoting the other team . 
  then the runner-ups of apertura and clausura play the promotion playoff , and even if both do n't fill the requirements there are also the 1st places of apertura and clausura and if that does n't work you could help on getting them up to standard, 
  nop , he was beign offered for micky , but that has been compromised due to arroyo exiting for free . 
  maxi ceratto is already official , so that 's not really a surprise . 
  all jocking aside , it does look possible right now due to the rate that players are leaving the team , both from the first team as well as some youth teams . 
  check rojadirecta , they tend to have the streams, 
  specially for the next game , due to chivas tv monopoly on chivas games, 
  goddamit , i went from punching a door until it began to show visible damage to jumping from joy, 
  yeah , but too lazy to buy it, 
  considering this is now official , there is now a high probability of teo gutierrez returning to liga mx, 
  it is in [ switzerland ] ( https://www.theguardian.com/lifeandstyle/2017/jan/16/removing-condom-without-permission-rape-swiss-court-definition-non-consensual-sex ) , but not yet in the [ usa ] ( http://www.huffingtonpost.com.mx/entry/inside-the-online-community-of-men-who-preach-removing-condoms-without-consent_us_58f75eb2e4b05b9d613eb997 ), 
  i prefer earing dullness and mediocre martinolli from televisa rather than tv azteca ad every 6 minutes where the camara changes to the ad, 
  [ ca n't stop repeating the first 15 seconds of the stone cold steve austin vs the rock wrestlemania x-7 video package ] ( https://youtu.be/srhd2fzydb4 ), 
  are those french flags ? 
  i know the colors of chivas , it just have the same combination, 
  what 's the flea doing in the impact zone ? 
  check rojadirecta ( dot ) me, 
  dude , shut up , you ai n't helping, 
  tuca just got up, 
  ffs, 
   nor is she the first woman ( felipe calder\u00f3n 's wife , margarita zavala ... 
  ~ ~ that was josefina vazquez mota , not zavala ~ ~ sorry , my mistake, 
  true , completly misread your comment , my mistake, 
   the way it works ( anyone correct me if i 'm worng ) is if a player is bought or transfered to another team his former team receives a percentage of the sale . 
  that is not uncommon on europe , since teams sometimes only buy a percentage of the player 's card . 
  the `` former team '' is actually the one that formed the player , england also has something similar , but only in case of free transfers . 
  tigres , pachuca , america , rayados and evergreen sounds as teams offering money for puch , and all of them have enough money to outbid each other . 
  also , the teams tigres , pachuca and monterrey have started to get really serious in obtaining a good forward with the apparernt exits of urretaviscaya and lozano from pachuca , pab\u00f3n , funes mori and de nigris from monterrey , and edu vargas from tigres . 
  apparently , but this is nothing new . 
  claudio lopez had 30 when he went to america . 
  the number 20,000 refers to the amount of people that can enter an stadium , not money, 
  apparently ascenso mx 's liguilla has no changes, 
   i was an idiot and lost a bet i came up with . 
  i have to sport this goddamn flair until week 1 of the apertura . 
  life . 
  we suffered daniel guzman and rolando zarate , you are strong enough to survive this . 
  apparently it is the same organizaton , they just will play as atl\u00e9tico zacatepec, 
  you are refering to coyotes de tlaxcala , right ? 
  yup, 
  that sounds perfect for caixinha new project , they just signed portugal international , [ football serial killer ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=omzv4x_age0 ) [ bruno alves ] ( https://twitter.com/rangersfc/status/869917777729122304 ), 
  no offense , we need a central defender because juninho is showing his age more and more . 
  * palmera * rivas is 32 , francisco meza is still not good enough , * pollo * brise\u00f1o has yet to mature and ayala is 30 . 
  i really ca n't think anyone that could replace him on the short term , and the long term proyects have not given satisfactory results . 
  the only one in the names thrown to tigres is nestor araujo , since i doubt they will buy gustavo gomez from ac milan ( yeah , that is something that people are actually talking about ) . 
  fired last season from tampico madero, 
  there is a rumor of america , but the strongest and loudest is him going to sevilla, 
   so they wo n't be treated like slaves during the draft, 
  i would prefer not ha ve the draft , at all . 
  and sometimes they are also treated like trash before and after the draft . 
  normally i would recommend cafe nuevo brasil , but it closed 2 years ago . 
  aparently they already lost pabon , menendez and castillo , and espiricueta sounds like a bad bs , he will go to another ascenso mx, 
   thats true , thats what the player 's union will prevent . 
  nop , this happens also on unionize sports . 
  it would prevent being send without them beign part of the negotiations . 
  loan , but not wanted by pumas . 
  apparently he will go to china or colombia . 
  i doubt he really goes there , china recently has some shake ups done to policies about foregin players and colombian teams wont pay him the same ammout , but general consensus is that he wont stay at monterrey for the next season . 
  no offense , but the paulinho deal will die the moment they ask his price . 
  from what i remember , paulinho is nothing more than a response to tigres ' gignac , a surprise transfer from a international , europe-level player . 
  but gignac came as a free transfer , rayados will need to pay his clause , which is above 14 ** million ** euros . 
  yup , he was a target transfer of jemez when he was at granada, 
  stuck in a bunch of ascenso mx teams, 
   he should n't need that , he 's a great player , and when you 're that far ahead in a cl final , what 's the point ? 
  you make him sound like the ric flair of football, 
  he was going to be sold , but the firing of pelaez put everything on halt , since america had also a clean-up of other executives and no one had the power to sell and buy , therefore the arroyo , romero , quintero - valenzuela , guido , aviles swap fell through with arroyo exiting free and aviles ( allegedly ) going to monterrey . 
  also , * piojo * herrera has publicaly stated that he likes romero , so he is going to stay . 
   i 'm still wondering at how herrera wound up in europe yet alone with a team that 's historically as good as rangers . 
  he was a target transfer at santos during caixinha term , and even tried to get him to stay there . 
  pissed , still have n't gone to the carnitas because he is a chivas fan and even gave a 40 % discount for the championship the next day . 
  probably end after the draft , when hope comes back . 
  if it 's vela it wont be done during draft day , the bombs will either come from rayados or pachuca , both on the selling and the buying . 
  i am currently writing the [ transfer thread of liga mx ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/ligamx/comments/6aozli/apertura_2017_transfer_thread/?utm_content=comments&amp;utm_medium=user&amp;utm_source=reddit&amp;utm_name=frontpage ) , so i use twitter a lot to get information , both on rumors and confirmed transferations . 
  one of the rumors came during the moments where the team puebla fc was beign sold to a group of investors connected with the goverment of puebla , and it was mentioned from both francotirador and john sutcliffe that the dt was going to be [ roberto ruiz esparza , an ex-deputy from the party nueva alianza , with jose luis * chelis * sanchez as an assistant ] ( https://twitter.com/espnsutcliffe/status/862834219868749824 ), 
  at the end the sale did n't happen and the new dt is rafael `` chiquis '' garc\u00eda , an ex-assitant from atlas , veracruz and the recently relegated chiapas . 
  edu vargas , absolutely nothing happens . 
  he will apparently leave this season due to fights with tuca and torres nilo . 
  william will stay , piojo already stated that, 
   thats the last days that mexican teams can ~ ~ get mexican ~ ~ players that play in mexico , lol . 
  ftfy, 
  edit : also , vela is from chivas ' academy , so they can bring him back whenever they want, 
   they ca n't register more mexicans . 
  they can , but only if they have an agreement like the one of venados - pumas or at . 
  san luis - necaxa , they also can in case of recalling from loans, 
  they are owned by grupo imagen,
