  and a bit worried for not getting a replacement for cacha but still , great mood overall . 
  11 goals on regular season , around 5 on liguilla , one of them gave us life during that final against pumas . 
  it 's like a play off , the best 8 play the liguilla , a direct , 2 legged knockout system , to win the league . 
  getting first place on the league does not mean , here at mexico , to win it . 
  in fact , most of the liders end up getting knock out on the first stage, 
  why ? 
  just my mother 's left kidney and liver failed , one after another . 
  that and a shitty economy has been a pain in the ass , because medicine prices have been rising and dad has diabetes since i was 9 ( now i 'm 22 ) . 
  but hey , at least we do n't leave in constant fear for the whole `` war on drugs '' ( i am originally from monterrey , nl , and our house is near the highway ) . 
  shit really went nasty , and i attended enough funerals for a lifetime . 
  anyway , undertale looks great of the four hours that i played on a friend 's computer . 
  fallout 3 , if you may, 
  why ? 
  'cause i have n't played it , and i have no more money for videogames, 
  i 'll go with populous , because it 's the one that looks more interesting of the lot . 
  of the other ones , it goes like this, 
   * sid meier 's civilization iii : complete, 
  have n't played , but have v , so i 'll discover later wether is was a good or bad idea to not ask, 
   * dead space ( steam key ), 
  do n't know , but it is quite intersting, 
   * medal of honor, 
  if it is [ this one ] ( http://store.steampowered.com/app/47790/ ) , no thanks . 
  loved the series due to beign a lover of history . 
  and so on , so on . 
  i 'll have to disagree . 
  while * her story * is a great anti-game , and i am biased to anything avant-garde , i consider that the overall ludonarrative of undertale a bit more complete and provocative . 
  still , i have only `` finished '' * her story * and clocked 4 hours of undertale on a friend 's pc , so i could , on a more in-depth analysis , wrong . 
  why are you so sa-oh , now i remember ... 
  ... so ... how did it went ? 
  who will be the 1 dm ? 
   trust me , it 's a lot better to see him tear it up in mexico than like monaco or somewhere close . 
  i know that feeling man ... i am looking at your direction zarate and tito villa . 
  also :, 
   it 's also gone on to prove that the mexican league is a lot better than europeans like to think it is . 
  thanks, 
  no problem , they are a good team from the zone and they just hired herrera , so expect some rollercoaster on xolos ' season . 
  on the other hand , if you had said : `` vamos america '' my anwser would have been : `` you are dead to me '', 
  cacha arevalo , guerron , lugo and esqueda are all out , and all of them were important both for the league and the libertadores, 
  we have some fernandez guy and zelayaran . 
  we are winning, 
  what if jose is n't the chosen one ? 
  what if ... it 's ... 
  #commentception !, 
  that 's the game with the dick sword , right ? 
  if so , count me in . 
  here at mexico it is already closed , with the excpetion of transfers to and from foregins leagues . 
  still , great goal . 
  kind of , it 's a real gray area on that . 
  see , most of the domestic transfers are done on the draft , which a bunch of owners get together to negotiate without the interfierence of promoters . 
  but apparently , most of the negotiations were done at the local sanbors , where promoters ( allegedly ) negotiated with owners and representatives of teams ( allegedly ) , and then it was completed on the office of the femexfut , where such operations should have been began , developed and finished . 
  after that , apparently you can , only with loans though . 
  which is how we obtained mancilla . 
  * sigh * ... there goes next season optimism, 
  no , there is something called `` el pacto de caballeros '' which negates such move . 
  its just an oral according between the owners to prevent such conflicts . 
  true , but puzarro is a # 10 . 
  using him as a dm is too rash , and we also lost cacha . 
  still , tuca managed to convince pizarro to play a a dm , so maybe he will also adapt it correctly . 
  it 's not harvester , at least, 
   i am ignorant to his time at lanus btw . 
  he began as a 10 , and only with tigres he plays defensively, 
  lost his place at the starting xi, 
  fuck you, 
  at the beginning he was the undisputed at the dm , with pizarro and due\u00f1as fighting for the other dm position . 
  but cacha got injured , and pizarro exploded as the main man of tigres midfield . 
  he was then fighting the remaining position with due\u00f1as , lugo and viniegra . 
  so he ask out for more minutes , ca n't blame him . 
  yup , a complete rb, 
  127 populous, 
  oh yeah , he played at dorados, 
  do tell , please, 
  iaquinta , maybe ? 
  yeah , you know , with such other questions as `` what would happen if rafa check up who was suspended ? '', 
  or `` what if messi 's teammates in teh argentina nt actually play with him ? '', 
   billy jones - crewe, 
  who ? 
  wha ... zalatan , go home , you 're drunk, 
  also , [ this ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2t68axsuaei ), 
  no idea , i suppose that we are too expensive for our accomplishments . 
  after all , it is rather new the fact that there are more than one mexican player in europe . 
  i used to live there , i saw gaitan and silvera play , and yellow with blue is awesome . 
  also , go boca !, 
  consider that very few managers are not former players , so many of them are on better form than the ones that are n't ex-players . 
  the reason they are normally chose to manage teams is because they are considered to have experience on what the players will encounter on the field , while the ones coming from schools and universities are considered to be too centered on the theory . 
  also , this, 
   sam allardyce is a good manager but is it his weight that 's holding him back from managing one of the top clubs due to them being huge sporting brands ? 
  guus is fat . 
  so is carlo anceclotti . 
  so is bielsa . 
  so is scolari . 
  so is miguel herrera and ojitos meza ( great managers at the mexican league ) , and they are former players . 
  so is carlos alberto parreira , and he is wc winner . 
   you could argue benitez but he 's not even that big imo and everyone hated that appointment . 
  no , he was not really welcomed to real madrid due to what many considered a unjust sacking of carlo . 
  his fatness was not put on the table when criticisng him . 
   clubs look towards thinner managers , maybe because players will respect them because they look after their bodies better . 
  like i said before , teams normally look for managers with some experience on the field . 
   if players ca n't get away with it , then neither should managers . 
  nah , i think that they are entitled to eat as much as they want , really it 's the player desicion wether to throw their career at the beginning or not . 
  even with slim managers , players can decide to not follow the example .
