  you lucky bastards !, 
  reason : poverty . 
  also , a gba , a damaged nds , a wii and a n64, 
  there is a restaurant with an arcade that uses an original xbox , where i play fifa streets with some of my firends . 
  btw , did you played with it ? 
   bubsy 3d which is considered by many to be one of the worst games ever made . 
  dunno man , * big rigs * is pretty shitty . 
  sorry , i fucked it up . 
  are they valid ? 
  no offense , but they are a ton of questionable elements on the list , but the only things i really want anwsers to are the votes of zico , hagi and juninho permabucano . 
  faster than light, 
  it was a tough desicion between that or bioshock . 
  santos laguna played against cuba not long ago, 
  old news , mate, 
  nwankwo kanu , heart problem, 
  indeed, 
  hector mancilla , with his gambling problems on a city with a fuck ton of casinos . 
  oh , wait , we re-sing him just this season !, 
  let 's see ... gaitan and kikin have retired ... luis garcia too ... who gives a shit about eder ... i know !, 
  wait , really ? 
  and i 'm loving this reading , thanks op . 
  you know man , they were big in the 80s and now they are just shadows of their past self . 
  were those ... from banfield ? 
  did n't know this , thanks, 
  * raises hand *, 
  excuse me , what does this has to do with transfers rumors about a mexican beign bought by a french , english and portuguese team ? 
  we try to pronunce it in deutsch, 
  you do need one . 
  overlord, 
  four main reasons ( in no order ) :, 
  * 2 . - bullied to get out of the team . 
  * 3 . - we were absolute shit , or at least the one i played at middle school . 
  * 4 . - i choose , after all , to get a degree on germanistic studies . 
  oh , thanks, 
  oh , thanks, 
  ... hang on , i need some vodka . 
  * drinks vodka *, 
  nop , still makes no sense as to why did he used britney spears . 
  you actually do n't , i 'm just messing around . 
  actually , it would be bad for him . 
  he would end like chicharito with manu 's lvg , on the bench or reserve . 
  because all my friend thta play videogames have it , ask me to have it , and are some of the cheapest i ever met when involved in giving gifts . 
  the last remnant, 
  it also happens in consoles , and more frequently than pc, 
  ra\u00fal of madrid and ryan giggs of manu , too, 
  what are russia 's league foregin players policies ? 
  is it true about the non-black policy from zenit ? 
  how was football during the ussr-era ? 
  what are your opinions of old legends like lev yashin or recent ones like onopko ? 
  nah , neymar will play it . 
  he was pissed when mexico defeated them at the finals of 2012 . 
  `` hey man , this completly-legit-documents say they are below 18 . 
  yeah , i know one has a beard , but hey , kids grow fast '', 
  thanks , the movie sounds good . 
  why is her wife against the movie ? 
  wait , what ? 
  gb is not with fifa ? 
  how the fuck to they play the wc ? 
  orbelin pineda and carlos fierro as strikers . 
  oh , thanks, 
  a fuck ton of players here at mexico are way to overpriced , and it leads to a salary that is overpaid . 
  it is considered common knowledge that most players do n't go to europe due to that the salaries offered were lower than the ones they were receiving . 
  also , bofo bautista did n't go to europe due to his high salary . 
   the anime which must not be named . 
  ( for those of you who do n't know , that anime features third-graders lusting over their teacher . ), 
  yeah , that one . 
  funny , it 's actually one of the few that has some semblance of a plot . 
  one that really takes the cake of `` are you fucking kidding me ? '', 
  is yomeiro choice . 
  read it as a recomendation from a friend . 
  i am just going to summarized the plot : three daugthers ( later four ) go back to the past to stop his father from beign a player and competing for his jizz to impregnate only one of the potential mothers . 
  shit ensues and now they also want to fuck him . 
  and everyone on the plot is 14 and less . 
  except one of the mothers that is like , 30 . 
  and also there are the mother-in-laws giving condoms , and godness , and more time travel and entropy and oh-my-god , - this-someone-proofread-this-shit !, 
  what is the source of the image ? 
   `` i want to make it disappear , '' she says . 
  `` by 2020 , when the summer olympics will take place in japan , we have to turn japan into a country which people do n't call a perverted culture . '', 
  yeah honey , yeah , i , ah , really think that is impossible in that specific timeframe . 
  ... look , they barely have recognized using koreans as hookers , and they have n't even recognized rape of nankin where they inserted rifles with bayonnets on women 's vagina , and the whole highschool dating , and that not a century ago it was a common practice to crawl in a woman 's futon and hump her until she `` accepted '' his dick on her ... 
  yeah , too optimistic . 
   bofo was never going to be a world class striker , maybe he was happy with life . 
  yeah , maybe ... 
  he is still playing football , though . 
  look , knowledge is power . 
  well ... that looks simple . 
  also , thanks op !, 
  ps : please the $ 100 steam wallet , my lap ca n't run any of the games you offer :'(, 
  first of all , you are buying a game that it is incomplete and , secondly ( also the most important point ) , you are asked to be part of their debug program as a tester . 
  also , just look at the space df9 or most of what sterling shows on his squirt plays , they normally are just proects that end up failing or scams that are protected under the banner of early access and they may , or not deliver . 
  there are some few good games whose developers are actually invested on said projects , but they are beign the exception , not the norm . 
  thanks, 
  what genres do you like ? 
  there is a mentor on steam : old , but gold ; there are some good for low specs and low price . 
  something i would not recommend is aoe 2 hd ( it is badly optimized , torrent it unless you want to play multiplayer ) and aoe 3 ( it kind of sucks ), 
  also , shadowman ( cons : old and clunky ) and duck game :d, 
  what genres you like ? 
  also : duck game , ftl , hotline miami , original fallout and fallout 2, 
  the clusterfuck one was me , due to my then coke addiction and , later , another guy whose parents were charged with fraud . 
  ok , but can we at least expect to not get relegated and , maybe , qualify to an european cup ?
