* this is how i want my passport to look . 
  or , this is what i want my passport to look like . 
  what lie are you referring to ? 
  i forgot about japan . 
  i was thinking that , thanks for confirming . 
  only if they are going to western canada , any asian flights will be slightly inconvenienced but not really a big deal . 
  that will back-fire big time , look at a map , russia needs european airspace much more than europe needs russian airspace . 
  no , the first one , i did n't pick up on the humour , i just thought it was a very weird way to end an otherwise informative comment . 
  you last sentence completely spoiled an otherwise excellent contribution to the discussion , and i ask you to clarify what you meant by it . 
  so , what exactly is your opinion of the mass murder of civilians by the idf ? 
  and does this excuse the mass slaughter of civilians in their homes , the bombing of hospitals and schools ? 
  the actions of the idf obviously is the direct result of the total disregard the isrealis have for the lives of the palestinians , never mind their human rights , it 's pretty obvious that they look down on them as lesser beings . 
  they are pro-palestine in the respect that they are standing with the palestinians in solidarity against the disgusting actions of the idf . 
  the are anti-isreal only in the fact that they are disgusted by the actions of the idf , it 's that simple . 
  it 's hard not to when you inform yourself about whats happening . 
  i certainly do n't for one second condone people getting chased out of town . 
  yeah , because sitting on the fence is so pro-active . 
  edit , also it 's not just ireland , similar protests happened all over britain and in other european countries also . 
  to support palestine does not equate with supporting hamas , let 's make that clear . 
  your saying ming is more of a clown than this fellow ? 
  wise-up . 
  there was a commemoration ceromony in coleraine some time last summer , for a hardline loyalist , the three main speakers on the platform that day were a ukip rep , a bnp rep and some anti-peace treaty loyalist . 
  one of them opening avocated the killing of republicans . 
  i will try to find a link . 
  the map in this article is as useful as a chocolate tea-pot . 
  yet they support anti-peace treaty loyalists in northern ireland and they stir up anti-immigration hysteria , that classifies them as far-right in my book . 
  why are they `` nuts '' ? 
  they seem very transparent , level-headed and progressive . 
  not to mention inclusive and fair . 
  may-be in the murky world of politics this is deemed nutty to you , i would prefare to see it as refreshing . 
  well they do share platorms with anti-peace treaty loyalists in northern ireland and they have openly praised le penn so ... ? 
  the only time i ever read it is when i am directed to it here , and it seems every article i read is either all about farage or reporting on some terrible deed carried out by immigrants ( usually muslim ) . 
  how can a voter `` defect '' before an election ? 
  it is clear to see who ` the telegraph ' are supporting these days , they have entered into the dangerous fringes of the hysterical intolerance of the extreme right . 
  also add she does n't have `` bangs '' ( whatever-the-fuck they are ) . 
  leg of lamb is the closest we have to a ` traditional ' easter meal . 
  seems like typical one party state behaviour . 
  the corruption i get , but your `` nebulous external enemy '' comparision seems a little much , i mean i socialize with a lot of russians , and although some of them can be a little guarded , i would be very surprized if the were the result of a concerted anti-west upbringing like you describe . 
  to state that putin abhores western liberalism is far enough , and a very obvious , but futher suggest that russia is now being fueled by anti-western propaganda on a similiar scale to anti-jewish sentiment of hitler is fucking terrifying and i would find that hard to believe . 
  i get your point , but feel free to `` go on '' as i for one appreciate the insight , especially as i admit i am far from an expert on the history of ww2 or the situation in ukraine , i 'm simply trying to peace together what i have been reading in the news . 
  i was of the understanding that we were discussing his ratings in crimea soley , but i get your points . 
  i 'm not sure if the munich agreement is a good comparison . 
  the fact that the allies had to muster an agreement with the nazis to try to appease them is different from what i can tell , if we are to take the russians for there word then they do n't need appeased . 
  crimea is also an idividual case and it is dangerous to ccompare it with czechoslovakia , in so far as it was part of russia right up until less than 20 years ago when it was gifted to the ukranians with the agreement that russia could station their troops there . 
  i 'm not sure how `` shakey '' putins approval rating were in crimea prior to the annexation . 
  are you ? 
  there is one big difference however , putin has gone on record over and over stating that he does n't want any confrontation and he has no intention of sending troups into ukraine , let alone any other country , we can take comfort from this surely ? 
  also the russians have stated that the `` mess '' in ukraine is entirely of there own making and the take no pleasure from it , crimea was bound to be annexed when you consider it 's military significance to russia and the mindset of it 's population . 
  the fact that they where able to do this without bloodshed is very relevent . 
  apart from derry and belfast , which are both in the top ten . 
  or at least scotland ffs , sure is n't that the only one that really matters !, 
  idiot, 
  teachers, 
  fair enough , i miss-understood the tone of your comment and for that i apologize . 
  as for your intended query , as an irishman i am not qualified to comment . 
  edit ; fyi scotland has a much stronger claim for independence than most other separatist movements in the fact that it is an actually country and was once independent . 
  economically nationalists will strongly argue that they would be financially better off if they separated from the uk . 
  with that attitude you might as-well re-unify with sweden . 
  recent hardcore loyalist rally , where main speaker openly threatened the police service of northern ireland and called same police force the ira was also attended by a speaker from the ukip . 
  lately the ukip have been sharing platforms with hardcore loyalists edit * paramilitaries * and the bnp in northern ireland . 
  fuck you , i do n't like my land being referred to incorrectly , and how dare you compare me to a knuckle dragging sectarian because of this . 
  they can call themselves what-ever they want . 
  the reason they feel british is because their culture is british based , as is their ancestory , and they are governed from britain . 
  the fact remains britain is the big island ( named by the romans ) and the island of ireland is seperate and has never been called britain , this is fact . 
  yeah , but britain does not encompass northern ireland , that 's what ahsureitsgrand was getting at , it 's not complicated , but you seem hell bent on making it so . 
  uk would have been politically and geographically correct , great britain not . 
  no it 's not , it 's just exactly what ahsurethatsgrand said . 
  britain is the big island , uk is the big island plus northern ireland , it 's actually extremely straight forward . 
  uk , not `` great britain '' . 
  what 's this ? 
  a condesending , abstract , passive aggressive , `` thick paddy '' insinuating comment from an english twat ? 
  how terribly novel . 
  not to mention them stupid fucking fleg protest up north , stupid fuckers . 
  maybe so , but with the remaining stories being primarily concerned with putting chaves in a negative light or concerning britains failed membership of the eu one could conclude that this site was created for people of a particular right wing slant , the english defence league springs to mind . 
  my god , this on-line news site seems to be obsessed with negative muslim stories , and hugo chaves . 
  note to self , ignore future posts from ` the commentator ' . 
  you state that the south would have to subsidize the north yet they would also have to enforce crippling austerity on the north , that 's a strange method of subsidization , do you work for a.i.b. ? 
  if unification were to happen in the present climate the north would obviously have to take on the burden of austerity resulting from the total failure of previous southern governments , one would think the south would be grateful for the addition of the stronger economy and higher employment levels of the north to help them in this regard ? 
  so you are going to pay the northerners much higher wages , tax them much less and give them much better schools and hospitals , that might be taking the whole ` irish generosity ' a bit far do n't you think ? 
  sure we are all irish at the end of the day do n't you know . 
  and when we are on the subject of assumptions , why do you assume the comment was written by a `` he '' ? 
   united with ** ireland ** * ( stupid use of the word ) * , it would cost us in the south * ( stupid use of capital s ) * thousands of euros per capita to keep them afloat . 
  how did you come to this conclusion ? 
  this seems totally false . 
  i would say that religiosity is much lower in the north , sectarianism is the problem here , not religion . 
  germany has too much power and germany cares mostly about the interests of the financial sector . 
  the lisbon treaty was very damaging to the eu . 
  not anymore, 
  germany in third place , fuck me . 
  thanks, 
  i did , several times , did n't work . 
  what 's the point of voting for something if you ca n't see the results ? 
  of course , we are n't monkeys . 
  stoners in factories are actually much more productive . 
  in jamaica ganga breaks are a thing . 
  i have worked in several factories and i was always much , much more productive when i was a bit stoned , same went for my fellow stoned co-workers . 
  a greek holiday with legal weed would be the best holiday imaginable , and i have n't puffed in years . 
  yet it exports more than it imports . 
  what they should do it use their own currency for internal trade and use the euro for international trade . 
  you mean deutchmarks and euros .
