from working with people in the relevant branches , like human resource managment , adult-education , employment - and refugee-centers . 
  my perspective is ismply a little bit bigger then just the it-section . 
   that means that we are both guessing no , i speak from real experience in that business , you from your own . 
  that 's still a little bit different . 
   i actually know something about it you were also a refugee some years ago ? 
  if not , then no , you do n't know anything . 
   i 'm in a situation which actually is one of the closest to the one refugees are in . 
  no you 're not . 
  you are a prince on a shining steed , pampered by the one around you . 
   how is it different for a syrian refugee than for a swedish immigrant ??? 
  probably higher education , because immigrated out of free will . 
  thus , no need for any help at all . 
  similar culture , similar laws , thus higher chance to get the education locally certificated , thus less integration-problems . 
  and overall , not one in 100.000 . 
   you can start a simple job without much experience . 
  that 's your problem . 
  you do n't understand that the jobs refugees can get are in the first years the lowest of the lowest . 
  because for everything other they are simply not qualified . 
  so that means they flood an market which is already small and shrinks even more , thus they get less and less work and have less and less chances to work toward something better . 
  and even better in that situation is that there is already a very high number of unemployed mostly wrong trained potential workers , which have a higher priority for getting a job and help , because they are already citiziens . 
   yeah thanks , you do n't have to tell me about my job . 
  does n't harm to do . 
  sometimes people gain some enlightment from it . 
  you have your experience and i have mine . 
  i do n't say they ca n't do that , just that is takes a longer time . 
  and stop assuming things from your own experience . 
  you work in a high profile profession , which also very international and thus flexiblel on those parts . 
  you are in no way in the same position as the average refugee . 
  it might help to also understand what you see . 
  it-people are not really the best source , because of the limited perspective . 
  there is always demand , as people always wish things they do n't have . 
  the question is how real that demand is . 
  you should know that in it you can make endloss lists of things we need to do and feature we like to have , and 99 % of those lists will never realized because in the end there are not the most important things . 
  resources are always limited , but demand is not . 
  really ? 
  you need a source for the fact that foreigners do n't know the local laws and culture ? 
  it 's not really a huge demand on it-people , but a huge demand on cheap slaveworkers for theoretical projects . 
  those suposed demand comes from statistics from the german it-lobby . 
  because you are cheaper ? 
  german experts are expensive  but yeah , there is a big amount of foreign worker in german it , because the natural language does n't matter there and cheap slaveworker are widely available . 
  my company does the same , many cheap worker from east , with some mostly german experts for the real stuff . 
  they have syrian education , not the local education where they wan na work . 
  they do n't know the language , culture or laws . 
  on most parts they really start on the same level as little kids , but will of course finish faster then them . 
  but even then they still need to learn a proper job , like all the other unemployed local people ... 
  yes , but it 's not a short task and they hardly reach the same level of competence . 
  i worked some years in it-section of adult-education , where unemployed people receives education to found a proper job in the modern job-market . 
  truth to be told , they suck . 
  most people never reach a proper level even after years of training , because they simply miss the basic skills which are neccessary for high profile-education . 
  skills which come from decades of training and education , and which ca n't be received in just 2-3 years . 
  it would need another 10 years of education just get some valuable worker , and that 's something no country can afford so easily . 
   a min . 
  score of 505 huh ? 
  what happend when someone has less than that score ? 
  yeah , if we are talking about actual tinfoil . 
  good shielded wallets do n't use tinfoil , but spectrum-optimized alloyings . 
  as always : those who buy cheap pay triple . 
  have you ever seen our tax-laws ? 
  nobody has the time read all that ~ ~ shit ~ ~ stuff . 
  to be fair , it was just one stupid guy . 
  we other idiots have proper tinfoiled wallets , and do n't need to fear any surveillance . 
  best worscht offers around 10 spice-combos and around the same amount of hotness-levels , including ` not hot ' . 
  maybe one of them is what you search . 
  though , currywurst is a dish with a strong taste , it 's not really subtile . 
  if you mean with too spicy , that you prefer dishes with weak to none taste , then probably you wo n't have much luck here . 
  berlin claims to be the birthplace of the currywurst . 
  so yeah , there are many famous shops selling her in berli \\ ^_^ though , i 've never eaten one in berlin , so ca n't speak from experience . 
  but here is a list of well known shops http://www.top10berlin.de/de/cat/essen-267/currywurstbuden-414 whether you like one or not depends of course on your personal taste . 
  there is some variation for the dish , so maybe you need to try out different shops . 
  if you ever come to frankfurt/main , i can recommend [ best worst in town ] ( http://www.bestworschtintown.de/ ) . 
  it 's a famous chain in the region with a really tasty currywurst . 
  well , it 's delicate dish which can be easily screwed up . 
  said that , mine was n't good either . 
  ca n't really recommend cheap microwave-food . 
  currywurst . 
  wednesday . 
  even porn must learn : never enrage the cheese . 
  nazi-ideology is still around , it will never be gone . 
  every country has it 's right-wing-groups , the racists , the haters ... 
  it 's just that in germany there is a well defined name for this people with a strong history , established culture , etc. 
  they were born there , never had a proper education and became ~ ~ stupid ~ ~ activist out of boredom . 
  to be fair , it 's only big on the internet . 
  and not real . 
  not really . 
  the chinese builds only according to the plans apple give them . 
  tv tokyo on the other side had fundamental influence on alfred j. kwak . 
  besides sound and animation , they were also responsible for the scripts and regie . 
  the europeans delivered the idea , the storyline and the designs . 
  it was real teamwork . 
  strange that they could do that back then . 
  i wonder when they stopped that . 
  technically you can call it anime , even if was not produced in japan . 
  anime simply means animation , and it 's just the western nerds which make a difference there . 
   one can not send emails from prison without them being `` scanned '' by the police because the police is so trustworthy and can never be bribed ... 
  we should feed the nigerians with isis-contacts . 
  let them scam some millions from them and do something good for the world . 
  who is cecil ? 
  do harder penalties even have any effect at all ? 
  yes , if you go further north to the most northern parts , around the region were scandinavia and netherlands have more influence . 
  low german is there very prominent .
