  yeah , the thing with culture is , they only appear from the outside in unity , from the inside the people see all the small differences through which they distance themselve from others . 
  the unity makes the cultures , but the differences makes the region . 
  and austria is as part of the alpine german culture-sphere , while people if they talk about german , they normally mean the high german culture which is located more in the middle and northern parts of the federal republice of germany . 
  it 's similar like the usa and australia both originates to great parts from england , share similar culture , but are on other parts very different . 
   that adolf was german well , he was . 
  austria is a german country too . 
  it 's just not the weimar republic or federal republic of germany which were/are other german countrys . 
  also , hitler was at least a citizen of the weimar republic at the time he became it 's leader . 
  dwellings are a target , setting fire is a method . 
  but yes , sometimes they also try to burn down houses , mostly policetstations , banks and those of which they see as personal targets . 
  but not on the same scale as it 's done with refugee centers . 
  antifa has other targets , but use the same methods . 
  all extremists are equal stupid . 
   you are presuming goodys have no presence in the major tourist or urban areas no i do n't . 
  i ' just sayig a global brand is more likely to attract foreign customers than a local one . 
  tourist will either buy something they know , or something which sprouts from local taste and culture . 
  goodys seem to be more a mc donalds-clone . 
  so they compete on that ground . 
   i do n't thing you understand that the volume difference is simply so tremendous that price or operating costs simply do n't matter and i think you clearly do n't understand the advantage of a financial well defined system . 
  volume does n't matter . 
   the map presents the most popular , not the most profitable . 
  like i said , it 's just an assumption that they took the easy road to define popularity by the profit . 
  after all there are not many metrics which define popularity . 
   plus goodys has partnered with a quite famous coffee chain another local chain . 
  yeah , but that is not how profit works . 
  number of sales-points and unit-price are not the only factors . 
  there is also the purchase-price , the selling-volume , the operating-costs , etc. 
  starbucks is a global player , the amount of stuff they buy is a complete different league , which also means their individual cost per unit is much lower . 
  starbucks is also a known brand , which means they are more likely to attract the tourists , which in a tourist-driven country like greece is a big advantage . 
  also , starbucks makes coffee , not burgers or such . 
  they have complete different customers . 
  theoretically , if their shops are at good tourist-spots , they could very likely earn enough to comepte against bigger local chains , and even against global chains like mc donalds , which must also exists there . 
  but having more shops does n't equal more profit . 
  starbucks is overpriced and highly efficient . 
  maybe they simply have a higher profit and that 's what the map is shown . 
  profit is always a cheap indicator for popularity . 
  subway ? 
  really ? 
  have they still those choking contracts which pushes their licensees into ruin ? 
  what about the sales figures ? 
  i would n't wonder if the overpriced starbucks-chain earns still more despite having so much less stores . 
  actually not . 
  those bombs have parts with a limited lifetime of some decades . 
  just wait some time and do n't maintain them , and the disarming is happening naturally . 
  ghost-selfies . 
  nah , with that shitty show and the at best average song , everbody understanding the eurovision excepted that result from the beginning . 
  if you do n't put effort in your work , nobody buys it . 
  same could be said about greece , to come back to the topic . 
  maybe you should use a proper history-book . 
  and since when are italians not guestworkers ? 
  guest-worker , especially turkish ones , were common in germany at least since the second world war . 
  many more came after the war . 
  1961 is just the year were an official system came into existence . 
   reintroduce nazism as part of a german personality nobody is doing that . 
  the stupidity which fueled the nazi-ideology is something every human has . 
  it 's not something exclusive to germans . 
  similar things happened in other countries , similar things still happen in other countries . 
   which could benefit all of europe nobody benefits from self-proclaimed leaders . 
  all will suffer from it . 
  there is nothing to ` move on ' . 
  everyone should learn at an appropriate age about the bad things a human can do , to learn how they can prevent them . 
  stupidity does not die out . 
  most of them are born in germany . 
  their ancestors came after wwii as worker to rebuild the country . 
  and several more are refugees from war or discrimination in their own countries . 
  and some are simply emigrants from poor countries , seeking work and money , to support their family at home . 
  possible . 
  just not in realtime . 
  and not really * serious * work . 
  what serious ca n't you do with a 50 $ - computer ? 
  * holocaust-denier * freimaurer were a satanic cult * nsu-killings and the bnd * kaspar-hauser * nazis had alien-technology * phantom time hypothesis * chemtrails * microwave-weapons germany has several theories flying around , but like most theories , they are all pretty bullshit , strange or just old . 
   well , that 's a huge problem , because that means if a group manages to rally their supporters and the rest of the country does not care , it mean the law passes . 
  not really . 
  it 's not like you can overthrow everything with just one law . 
   when did i say something about corruption ? 
  i did . 
  first comment . 
   in a direct democracy you essentially are constantly asked to be completly informed and to have been informed on nearly everything . 
  just vote for the think you care about , and ignore the rest . 
  direct democracy does n't mean that the citizen becomes politicians . 
   then there is the issue of populism . 
  yes , that is always a problem . 
  but , politicians have the problem too , there it 's called lobbyism . 
  with a broader audience the chances for corruption are reduced . 
  and with a strong constitution you can also stop dangerous populism to a degree . 
  the same thing which prevents politicians now from doing to absurd things btw . 
   the problem is , its expensive what is expensive ? 
  depends on the implementation , but normally , no , not really . 
   people dont care enough to know what they are voting for and the consequences not really . 
  the existing countries with more direct democratic systems are pretty stable and with a good political image . 
  more direct democratic systems are the obvious answer . 
  computerized systems may be a topic in the next decades too . 
  none , both are too corrupt . 
  a presidential system is good in war-times , and a parliamentary system is good in slow-communication areas . 
  but we now reach the level of civilization were none of those matter anymore . 
  frankfurts public transportations are profit-oriented companys . 
  though , i do n't think any of those meatheads know that or even cared about that . 
  yeah , not new . 
  that idea spooks around from time to time for some decades now . 
  some day it will surely happen , but i do n't the eu as it is now is good for this .
