  the alternative would be to cut our nose off to spite our face . 
  william gibson referred to technology when he said it , but it applies just as easily to social issues when you think about it : `` the future is already here . 
  it 's just not evenly distributed . '', 
  that school is a time-capsule from the future of sweden . 
  and the rest of europe , if we do n't put a stop to this madness . 
  i think it 's because they treat it like a sport , in a way . 
  so they punch hard , but also mind fair play . 
  here it 's usually an adversarial circus instead . 
  hopefully not . 
  the empty moral posturing is getting old . 
  shut up and [ eat your shit ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6mgn-fxzrim&amp;t=2m41s ) , comrade . 
   i hope this study will ensure the reform helps migrant children overcome not only the language barrier , but also whatever weakness their previous schooling had . 
  we already know the answer to that . 
  but the answer is [ politically incorrect ] ( http://quillette.com/2016/03/10/the-bermuda-triangle-of-science/ ) ... 
  so you want germany to be more multicultural ? 
  but it 's already becoming more multicultural as is , canadian system or no canadian system . 
  there is no such thing as transparent public debate on immigration in canada , my dear neighbour to the north . 
  and the results of this reality are pointedly evident in their immigration policy . 
  the bureaucratic arrangement is irrelevant . 
  if you really think you 're above those stupid working class trash people show it by acting like it , not by sneering and keeping your `` inferiors '' in contempt . 
  shame on you . 
  it is n't considered politically correct in canada either . 
  their system is vestigial . 
  the thing is , if we had something like your ba-wu greens , they 'd be my party of choice . 
  and many others ' like me , i 'd wager . 
  the more conservative leaning folks actually do care about conserving the environment ( it 's even in the name , really ) . 
  we just do n't like all the other baggage that comes with environmentalism . 
  and the fact that it 's mostly advocated for by people leaning left . 
  tribalism is a bitch like that . 
  who would n't like their children to play in nice green places , frolic through the woods , and generally inherit a clean , non-polluted environment ? 
  so your solution to the problem is following the example of an even more `` politically correct '' regime ? 
  that 's like saying you 're going to get yourself out of a hole by digging it deeper . 
  their gobbledygook is easier to understand once you account for the fact that the media leans very heavily to the left . 
  you 're extremely shortsighted . 
  typical . 
  another eumperialism propagandist . 
  the u.s. seems to have been doing fine for decades under similar conditions . 
  fiscal policy in california is as different from fiscal policy in alaska as fiscal policy in france is from fiscal policy in norway ( which is n't even in the eu , it should be noted ) . 
  it 's almost like a common currency has nothing to do with a common fiscal policy . 
  did you know that there even are non-eu countries which use the euro ? 
  so , are you getting paid for it , or is this just a hobby of yours ? 
   it 's fun twisting facts , is n't it ? 
  you alone should know . 
  i find twisting facts very disquieting . 
  the way i understand this , jobbik plateaued at around 20 % because fidesz moved its political platform to the right to appease , so to say , potential voters by offering them an alternative to jobbik in an established party . 
  it is true that germany is a lot farther to the left in general though , if that is what you mean by `` mature '' . 
  no , fucking over more than just greece is obviously the better thing to do . 
  quarantines are evil . 
  it 's better that we all choke instead , than discriminate like that . 
  something of a rule of thumb , this . 
  the closer to switzerland , the more well kept the places . 
  i do feel like i can understand the japanese and their complaints though . 
  things are different with smaller cities and villages , but otherwise , i really do n't think there actually exists a comparably large city as clean as kyoto in europe , for example . 
  i do n't remember seeing a single cigarette butt on the streets there , even though so many people were smoking outside . 
  it felt quite strange , but just as good . 
  does n't look like a minor issue to me at all . 
  or indeed , to so many of your own countrymen . 
  the u.s. is pretty far from being a neutral party in all this . 
  obama can only say things as they are beneficial to his administration . 
  you ca n't expect anyone or anything to fix the bloody north-south divide in a single election term for god 's sake . 
  it 's fucking ** centuries ** old ( so old enough that i would n't be surprised in the least if part of the explanation for this conundrum lies in our genes ) . 
  christ , this subject drives me up a fucking wall ... 
   sweden has a super broad definition of rape oh , not this apologetic nonsense again ... 
  i find it doubtful that it actually is environmentalists fighting against it . 
  these protests have the stench of < < manufactured   all over them . 
  the methodology for the poll was laughable . 
  which is why it 's being published in a zealously leftist rag like theguardian -- it rings nice as propaganda . 
  poor germans . 
  they have n't been doing anything right since the 1870s . 
  [ you 're clueless . 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/paneuropean_union ), 
  15 minutes and 55 seconds too long . 
  i was referencing the fact that steve reich has other similarly `` composed '' works that are much longer . 
  no , the most difficult aspect of it is that it 's maddeningly tedious to repeat the same 5 second long theme for almost an hour with minimal ad hoc variation throughout . 
  everyone eventually loses interest , including the player . 
  there 's nothing cultivated about your vapid snobbery . 
  i have always and will always boo such musically stunted rubbish , because if i am in the hall and it is playing , it was not billed on the ticket beforehand . 
  it 's the only proper thing to do . 
  it 's not `` avant-garde '' . 
  it 's talentless , tepid garbage . 
  the same theme repeated ad nauseam . 
  what 's insulting is that so many performers refuse to let this and similar junk buried and forgotten like it deserves . 
  `` high '' art has really went to shit in the last few decades . 
   does this surprise anyone ? 
  nope . 
  of course they do n't give a damn about the refugees . 
  it 's pretty much a public secret that barely anyone does . 
  you have to abide by the moral fashion of the day though , it 's a social imperative . 
  no thanks . 
  i 'm perfectly okay with being `` irrational '' in your eyes . 
  what so ironic about telling someone to get off their high horse ? 
  i 'm not the one sitting on a pedestal and claiming to have some special , privileged , `` rational '' position here . 
  what part of `` all of it '' is so hard to understand ? 
  the whole plan starts from the wrong premises ( that the migrant flow is the equivalent of a natural , unavoidable disaster , like a rainstorm ) and is based on unacceptable principles ( hence the reference to yesteryear 's `` white man 's burden '' ) . 
  ah , the good old `` deflect and pretend '' tactic . 
  okay . 
  there is not one iota of reasonableness in her plan . 
  not one . 
  it 's all just a sanctimonious , self-validating crusade . 
  the `` white man 's burden '' reframed for the 21st century .
