  you do n't need to marry someone 6,000 km away to avoid deleterious effects from inbreeding . 
  what 's worse , increased genetic distance between mates can also result in the complementary deleterious condition : outbreeding depression . 
  [ educate yourself ] ( http://content.time.com/time/health/article/0,8599,1993074,00.html ) . 
  ( that 's just the tip of the iceberg ), 
   x is just a word . 
  it does n't exist . 
  you 're an idiot . 
  you seem to be even more ignorant than i initially thought . 
  other intelligent social animals ( most obviously other primates ) exhibit something akin to morality , in a very primitive form . 
  it 's a relative scale . 
  none of your `` deductions '' are true . 
  but if you must know , [ muslims do marry their first cousins ] ( http://islammonitor.org/index.php?option=com_content&amp;view=article&amp;id=3921:incest-in-islam&amp;catid=294:social-practices-interactions&amp;itemid=61 ) . 
  edit : the first image i linked to seems to be mostly bogus data . 
  the other stuff is verifiably true though . 
  iceland is the only european country with above replacement ( 2.1 ) total fertility rates . 
  [ no ] ( https://i.warosu.org/data/g/img/0439/17/1409673385554.png ) . 
  edit : i tracked down this map to [ this blog post ] ( https://jaymans.wordpress.com/2013/09/07/how-inbred-are-europeans/ ) . 
  it seems it 's not based on any real data . 
  [ this one ] ( http://www.consang.net/index.php/global_prevalence ) is based on actual data . 
  what a bunch of nonsense . 
  our interactions with others is where morality even becomes relevant . 
  unlike social animals , solitary animals do n't have and do n't need any sort of moral or proto-moral concepts . 
  what makes those systems functional is how we define what is good or bad . 
  there is no morality outside society . 
  good to know . 
  you should have been clearer from the start . 
  your reply reads like it implies exactly that , since u/finaalace12 was already alluding to the paradox of tolerance with his ending sentence . 
  what the fuck dude ? 
  12 identical comments in a row ? 
  did you just have an aneurism ? 
  are you trying to imply that the migrants are paragons of tolerance ? 
  his scenario is bonkers anyway . 
  limiting speech laws is politically correct , so it 's pushed for , regardless of effectiveness against terror threats , because freedom of speech is dangerous to the ruling elites . 
  racial and religious profiling is politically incorrect , because regardless of its proven effectivity , it is dangerous to the elites ' multiculturalist , `` divide and conquer the populace '' agenda . 
  screw him anyway , damn human bot . 
  regardless of who you actually work for , you do seem awfully indistinguishable from a paid shill . 
  pretty lucrative ( in terms of potential profits in attitudes ) business on reddit for the interested parties . 
  and if you really do work for mi5 : screw you . 
  you never even tried to protect anyone in the first place ; fucking dogs on a leash held by masters with no scruples . 
  here 's a suggestion : do something good for once in your life and kill your boss . 
  worth dying to try it . 
  quite the opposite . 
  purchasing power adjustments only matter in the country 's internal market . 
  nominal values are a lot more useful for international comparisons . 
  yes , give them more powers for them to choke us with . 
  the politicians should be jailed or hanged . 
  no country in europe has freedom of speech as far as i know . 
  that 's an american idea ( and a pretty damn good one at that ) . 
   you have to sacrifice freedom of speech in order to protect society . 
  no , you do n't . 
  gas showers ? 
  really ? 
  what the hell are you smoking ? 
  it 's not as good as you think it is . 
  enforcement of anything is a big problem in italy . 
  yeah , and i am the king of france . 
  to hell . 
  the ticket is pretty cheap . 
  ah , if that 's how it is , then let me change my reply : you should know . 
  it seems you only stopped your forced sterilisation programme in the 1970s . 
  large-scale `` eugenics '' never really became trendy in italy by comparison , even when fascism was in fashion . 
  there 's something about swedes and an obsession with racial ideologies . 
  nordic supremacism then , rabid political correctness now . 
  a bullshit article written by a fool who locked himself inside a glass palace 's ivory tower . 
  the guy is insane . 
  he should get certified and interned . 
  you 're textbook delusional , then . 
  good day . 
  someone has to waste their words on you pointing it out yet again : they 're not refugees . 
  not by any common usage metric . 
  the most relevant one , the politically correct standard , says they are not . 
  they are oppressed others that add to the diversity of your nation . 
  you 're still not getting the meanings of the euphemisms employed , but this is not surprising as the confuzzlement is there by design . 
   could n't get beyond a minute . 
  of course you could n't . 
  it 's easier to burry your hand in the sand than face a reality that might betray your expectations . 
  i love you slovenia , rightful venetian clay !, 
   but you can have a understanding for why some countrys are poor and other are wealthy . 
  it 's not because of colonialism , if that 's what you 're trying to imply . 
   if it 's `` hey , we 're about to pass this law that might affect you -- just as a heads up '' that 's already possible within the confines of the current legal framework . 
   depends entirely on what `` consult '' means . 
  but that 's the point , is n't it . 
  sit on it some more . 
  i do n't care about getting a `` sensible '' discussion going , because sensible has mutated to mean `` submit and obey '' . 
  you 're feeding me pompous euphemisms and blatant posturing . 
  others have already pointed out how op lies by omission . 
  if i did the same , you would conveniently ignore what i say too . 
  and as i already pointed out , while what 's in the op is factually correct , merkel 's statements are quite obviously vague enough to be construed as what they ended up being construed as , while giving her plausible deniability at the same time . 
  every fence sitter should ask themselves this : why is this stickied ? 
  here 's a hypothetical : how would you feel if the european commission would be obliged to `` consult '' with russian authorities before adopting new legislative proposals following the passage of a ttip-like `` trade '' framework ? 
  what about china in the same situation ? 
  the deletion of your post is imminent . 
  propaganda is more effective when it 's concise . 
  but the fact that crap like this got stickied is a great tell , confirming what everyone already knew : this subreddit is being laboriously groomed to accept a multicultural narrative as intrinsically benign , and that all that is wrong with it is accidental . 
  it 's all rubbish . 
  politicians are masters at making vague , plausibly deniable statements . 
  your whole point is laughably transparent and paper-thin . 
  besides , according to the europ\u00e4ische stabilit\u00e4tsinitiative , everything is going according to plan : europeans will be ethnically cleansed , and they deserve it , because europeans are demons in human skins who oppress the rest of humanity . 
  the end . 
  it 's called realpolitik .
