   you are racist for asking such questions . 
  downvote him . 
  nobody called him racist . 
  people are downvoting him for asking a question that he already knows the answer to . 
   with a lot of corporate corruption ... as opposed to what ? 
  seriously , what country are you thinking of where the eu has introduced * more * corruption , rather than reducing corruption by stopping the government from making corrupt laws ? 
   can someone explain what is trying to say with this sign ? 
  they 're trying to say that they like living in a united europe , and that they do n't want to live in an `` every country should only look after their own citizens and not unite '' system . 
  it makes sense to them . 
  they 're there to protest the religion and not the people , so waving an lgbt flag is like a big take-that against the religion . 
  they just do n't really get that the protest is against the people and not the religion . 
  ... well , that 's the main reason anyway . 
  some people just like waving lgbt flags . 
   and stephen fry was apparently getting prosecuted for blasphemy he 's ... not , at all ( you misread the article ) . 
  and he wo n't , the law in question is intentionally written in such a way that you ca n't charge anyone with it . 
  newspapers are just sensationalising what is * quite literally * a single detective making a single call to the person who made the complaint . 
  england has an official state religion , where some members of the house of lords are decided by that religion . 
  it 's * not * a secular country . 
  like i said : irish people generally do n't hear about other countries ' problems . 
   is n't stephen fry being charged with blasphemy under an irish law that was created in 2009 ? 
  and you guys have those abortion laws . . 
  the uk is definitely more secular than ireland . 
  so on one side there 's illegal abortions as decided by popular vote , and a blasphemy law that you ca n't actually charge someone for . 
  on the other side there 's the lords spiritual , an official state religion , and the monarchy also being the head of a church . 
  can you tell why these are not exactly equal ? 
  further edits :  this is not limited to the uk . 
  you probably have this in ireland too . 
  ireland has literally one conservative party . 
  they got zero seats in the last election . 
   not limited to the uk either . 
  does ireland have any of those ? 
  i have n't seen any . 
   these people exist in every country . 
  sure , but obviously not as many . 
   do n't you need to be baptised in ireland in order to secure a place at a decent school ? 
  you do n't need this in the uk . 
  in ireland , it 's ... maybe . 
  as in , we do n't actually know which schools require baptism , we just know that it 's legal to discriminate that way and that there 's occasional stories about it . 
  that 's in contrast to the uk , where i have heard many people from england say a lot of the best schools are religious schools and officially require baptism . 
   you have blasphemy laws and anti-abortion laws though . . 
  the only thing we have are the lords in the hol who are bishops , but there 's only like 10 of them so they do n't have much power , if any at all . 
  blasphemy aside ( i 'm still pissed at the media for acting like that 's an actual problem ) , having an anti-abortion law is nowhere near as bad as having religious leaders actually in the government itself . 
   sorry , is n't everyone ? 
  [ northern ireland alone has an average of about one bomb threat a day ] ( http://www.bbc.com/news/uk-northern-ireland-31018191 ) . 
  you do n't hear about this because irish people do not freak out and make it international news every time there 's a terrorist threat . 
  ... i 'm actually a little miffed , because the last week has been fairly uneventful terrorist-wise - the only news is about how one person who was recruiting people to help commit terrorist bombings was found guilty on thursday . 
  normally i could just point to a recent terror attack/attempt and go `` see , you did n't hear about this one , did you ? 
  if this was in england , it 's be front page of reddit five times over '' ( slight exaggeration ) . 
    a generally all-around poorer population  source ? 
  higher gdp per capita . 
  and lower income inequality , before you consider saying `` well maybe there 's just more rich people '' . 
  i do n't think i need to provide sources for those . 
   if you have this little of respect for britain , i 'd hate to see how little your respect is towards your own country . 
  that is ... the opposite of how this works . 
   uk ( i do not know why ) because irish people do n't hear much about other countries ' smaller problems , so a lot of them think of the uk as `` basically like ireland , but with bigger cities and less religion '' rather than `` basically like ireland , but more conservative and less secular '' . 
  ... of course , there is also the small number of people that actually * want * a conservative government , newspapers that deny global warming , expensive third-level education , people that hate immigrants , religious schools being superior , religion in government , leaving the eu , being piss-scared of terrorism , a generally all-around poorer population , and - worst of all - having a queen ( boo , hiss ) . 
  can you tell i do n't have much respect for britain ? 
  i should explain * why * the reason matters more than superficially : if it was the netherlands deciding that they do n't want people participating in turkish elections or referendums anymore , then that 's fine . 
  but if the netherlands decided they do n't want people in this single referendum , then it means they 're going to let people participate in the next one ... unless they also do n't like how the votes would go , and same for the one after , and so on . 
  in other words , the netherlands will deliberately mess with the way the dutch turks can vote to ensure they ( plural , not singular ) either vote the way the dutch government wants or not vote at all . 
  for now , yes . 
  but once she 's in the uk , she 'll be an immigrant . 
  why would you know ? 
  it has n't happened yet . 
   there was n't much scientific progress going on when we had 8 million people . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/timeline_of_irish_inventions_and_discoveries#19th_century that 's pretty impressive for such a small country . 
   also look at nigeria , about 180 million people . 
  not much scientific progress going on there ... well that 's unfair , it 's a third-world country . 
  it 's not going to have much scientific output no matter what . 
  ignore the other guy ( who seemed to forget that some states do n't have death penalty laws ) , the real reason is because `` the politician they vote for might bring it back '' or `` the politician they do n't vote for might have removed it '' is n't good enough . 
  if there was an actual referendum , then the netherlands may want to stop voting there too . 
  ... i mean , that probably would n't happen - half because the us seems to hate referendums , and half because the netherlands is a lot less okay with annoying the us . 
  , said muscle_mass , to an international audience . 
  he would later be shocked to find that `` www '' does not stand for west wales web , and that there was in fact more than one culture on this sub . 
  it does n't matter if the citizens like the death penalty though , they 're not the ones who 'd do the killings . 
  no , it 's exactly what our ideals are . 
  if we could stop the propaganda , that would be great , but interfering with another countries ' voting system because we ( or , rather , the government ) think one side 's propaganda is too unfair is completely not how we do things in a democratic society . 
  edit : that is , if that * is * the reason the netherlands wo n't let them vote , and if they really are blocking them from voting . 
  the article is unclear what `` not facilitating '' actually means . 
  i think it 's more like : african logic : `` sex is good , let 's have more sex . '', 
  american logic : `` sex is good , let 's have more sex . 
  do n't forget to use protection though . '', 
  you think that 's bad ? 
  [ ireland had a population 1m more than denmark at the time , and now it 's got a population 1m less than denmark does now . 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/irish_population_analysis#/media/file:irelandrepublicpopulation1841.png ), 
  i would n't agree . 
  scientific progress develops faster when you have more people . 
  edit : oh yeah , and the obvious - the declining population basically destroyed the economy and put it on par with 2nd world countries for about a century . 
  probably should 've mentioned that one first . 
  of course , that might have a bit more meaning if they actually held referendums . 
  it 's the secret to being a successful politician . 
  as adam friberg once said * :  `` when your country is going full retard , you can only go with it . 
  if you start going against it , if you start going half retard , you \u00b4 re fucking done for . '', 
  ^ ^ * probably, 
  more like `` the entire world '' . 
  he 's not popular anywhere . 
  except in the white house . 
  man , i 'm so glad that citizens ' assembly finally happened . 
  now we just need to wait 5 years for the government to catch up and hold a referendum to legalise abortion . 
  and then just 20 years before they have another one and people vote `` yes '' this time .
