  ... * unmeasurable * genetic superiority then . 
  i did n't think people would take that comment so literally . 
  when it concerns genetic superiority . 
  yeah , that 's about right . 
  alright , just to give you an example of why iq tests suck for measuring actual intelligence : that example ? 
  it 's made entirely of `` spot the pattern '' tests . 
  a country with a lot of people raised to spot patterns a lot is going to perform better than a country that does n't . 
  that 's the thing about iq tests , they 're really only good for trying to indicate who 's got a severe mental deficiency . 
  trying to use them as actual measurements of intelligence is a bad idea , and why mensa is the only group in the entire world that does that . 
  that 's part of why i said i do n't think he 's racist , but what he says does make him * look * like one . 
   melania the hottest , rest ugly . 
  thank you for your valued input . 
  the internet will be glad to know how much you 're attracted to the spouses of nato leaders . 
   i would n't . . i actually appreciate someone loving me for who i am , not just how large my bank account is . 
  that would explain why you 're single . 
  firstly , there 's no known genes for making someone * noticeably * naturally smarter . 
  secondly , because the logical conclusion to `` there are genes that make some people smarter than others '' is `` if people with these genes originated in a certain group of people ( eg : europeans ) , there 's no reason to think that someone of a different group of people ( eg : east asians ) with no history of breeding with them would have the same gene '' . 
  just like there 's a correlation between someone 's race and their blood type or what genetic defects they can have , there would be a correlation between someone 's race and how smart they are . 
  and thirdly , he outright said things like `` i 'm proud to have that german blood , no question about it . 
  great stuff . '', 
  it depends on the specific county . 
  [ counties like monaghan and wexford have a high rate of criminals , while meath and longford have the lowest . 
  ] ( http://i2.irishmirror.ie/incoming/article5245060.ece/alternates/s615b/rape-and-murder-rates-by-county-2012-2014jpg.jpg ) leitrim has the lowest crime , but that 's not because of a lack of criminals , it 's because nobody in leitrim owns anything worth stealing . 
  edit : oh , for extra hilarity , while it is actually accurate that leitrim has crap-all regular crime , [ it 's also got the highest gun death rate ] ( http://i2.irishmirror.ie/news/irish-news/crime/article4845301.ece/alternates/s615b/image-3.jpg ) . 
  that one death a year really puts it on the map . 
  it averages out to 0 popes when trump visits though . 
   `` very smart , very good genes '' i do n't think trump is racist myself , but good god does he try hard to make himself look racist . 
  unfortunately , the irish air force has lost half it 's firepower after one of the planes ' engines refused to start . 
  ( actually , that 's not too much of an exaggeration - the entire air force consists of just 24 aircraft . 
  and the navy has 8 ships . 
  for an island country , it 's got a shocking lack of non-land defence ! ), 
  well , considering they ca n't both be right , and neither has a source and i ca n't find any other articles saying so on google , i 'm going to assume that they 're both going off of rumours . 
  wait , what 's your source ? 
  because according to this article , more countries than that ( netherlands , finland , ireland , czech republic , great britain , denmark , luxembourg and sweden ) are `` against any content quota '' . 
  chicken pox sucks . 
  it 's very rarely lethal , but it still sucks . 
  i want to emphasis this , because a lot of people do n't realise that the refugee crisis is only a problem for some countries - specifically , the ones with a lot of tourism ( well , and greece , because neighbours ) . 
  the smaller countries get pretty much left alone . 
  ... although then there 's countries like denmark , which do n't have a problem but react like they do anyway . 
  i dunno , i 'm not seeing any cans of pepsi around . 
   he should get elected to some official post then . 
  the illuminati is a full-time job . 
   i think it ia a great curiosity how much demographic change is occuring in denmark source ? 
  i lived in denmark until last month , and i did n't notice a particularly high amount of muslims . 
   afaik most or all western countries have a majority opposed to islamic immigration err ... do you mean islamic refugees ? 
  i mean , even then it 's very questionable if they do or if they 're just opposed to taking a certain number of them , but i ca n't think of any country that wants an outright muslim ban . 
  not even the us , who elected a president that promised a muslim ban , could be said to be majority in favour of it . 
   it 's troubling and mind boggling how nowadays people ca n't express their mood without smileys or get the irony/satire without special signs a lot of people on the internet are kids . 
  a lot of people on the internet are n't native english speakers . 
  saying `` we should n't need to explicitly say when we 're not being serious '' sounds great in theory , but when you rephrase it as `` everyone should be able to understand when you 're not being serious '' , you can see how unrealistic that is . 
   i thought that was us ? 
  the difference is that france 's example of a bad politician does n't end up becoming pm . 
   they are neither recent , neither particularly innovative neither is apple , but they still get brought up a lot . 
  i. . . was hoping for a more concrete source than `` i personally have noticed it in the news a lot '' . 
   why after every terrorist attack muslims are so quiet ? 
  they 're not . 
  you 're just not listening . 
   its seems that they dont even give a shit , but when a mosque is closed or something is done against muslims , they are protesting , boycotting , praying in the middle of the street and etc. 
  why ? 
  that 's pretty rare , but that 's when you are listening . 
  like , let me put it like this : how did you hear about those protests and boycotts ? 
  were you walking down the street , and bumped into a whole lot of protesters ? 
  were you talking with a friend who was saying they were all ready to take part in a boycott ? 
  or did you hear about it through whatever news you like to follow , and assumed that it was a common thing because the news was reporting on it ? 
  similarly , when you say muslims are so quiet after terrorist attacks , is that because you were intentionally looking for muslims to talk to and found that they were still complaining about mosques closing down ? 
  or is it because the same news that told you muslims boycott a lot did n't mention anything about them protesting now , and assumed that it could n't have been a common thing because the news was n't reporting on it ? 
  like , is there * any * explanation for your view that is n't `` if i did n't hear about it , it never happened '' ? 
   they have had countless anti terrorist operations in the last months alone , wayyyy more then usual what 's your source on this ? 
  united in a `` i 'll scratch your back '' way , not in a `` we are literally a single country '' way . 
  i 'd argue the entire comic itself is pointless . 
  nobody who looks at this cartoon is thinking `` haha , this comic is hilarious and really witty !, 
  '' , because it 's not . 
  `` politician does something self-destructive then calls other people stupid for not doing it too '' cartoons have been done about a bajillion times already , and it was n't even clever the first time . 
  but , just like pretty much every other political cartoon , it follows the same ol' formula : 1 . 
  make a visual metaphor featuring guys you do n't agree with being stupid or evil . 
  have labels on everything so that nobody could fail to recognize what 's going on or who the bad guys are . 
  get shared around by everyone who likes reading cartoons about people they do n't agree with being stupid or evil . 
  it 's perfectly designed for people that never really got a hang of this `` humour '' thing and just want reassurance that they 're right . 
  which , coincidentally , happens to be the same demographic that reads the news . 
  nope , never heard of it before . 
  just so we 're clear here : you 're talking about the same `` non-populist '' government that started the brexit referendum to begin with , right ? 
  the one that did n't even want to leave the eu , but promised a referendum on it anyway so that they could get extra votes in the election ? 
  a political cartoon without a truly unnecessary amount of labels can hardly be called a political cartoon at all . 
  is this about having to work with the danish again ? 
  you guys really need to learn to get along . 
  there 's a bunch of people waving around eu flags and holding up a sign that says `` some call it europe , we call it home '' . 
  you can make a pretty safe assumption that it 's a bunch of pro-eu people . 
   the lady in white - why do so many europeans cover their head ? 
  on a sunny saturday morning , jimothyjango was checking for news and current events on reddit . 
  he happened to come across a picture of a person wearing a hijab . 
  `` hmm '' , said jimothy , `` i bet she 's wearing this for religious reasons . 
  i really wish that was n't a custom , because i really dislike that religion defines how people should act or behave . 
  society would be much better off if we decided for ourselves what makes people happiest , not religion '' . 
  but jimothy had a problem . 
  `` alas , people in this thread do n't want to hear about it . 
  if i bring the issue up directly , people will downvote me and accuse me of being edgy . 
  ... ah , but i can cleverly start a discussion by just asking a simple question : what 's the benefit of wearing such religious imagery , when surely it would be more comfortable not to wear anything on your head ? 
  yes , that will make people realise that such religious traditions are foolish ! '', 
  so jimothyjango sprang to his keyboard , and asked reddit : * `` why do people wear hats ? 
  '' * jimothyjango is not a smart person .
