  as the other guy says , it 's just a euphemism for ... well , people like trump . 
   do they imply that the withheld nationalities are going to be non-german and non-european , because if they are european , then i ca n't see how that 's going to be fodder to right-wing groups . 
  oh please . 
  if a woman in france was killed by two attackers , one being a man from iraq and the other being a teenager from england , the newspapers tomorrow would say `` girl murdered by iraqi immigrant and teenage friend '' . 
  i disagree that the police should be hiding information , but what they say will be massively spun no matter what the statistics say . 
  i mean , let 's take an example : as statistics show , irish christians are the most likely demographic in europe to be terrorists . 
  by * far * . 
  and yet , everyone thinks muslims are , because reporting on irish or christians being devils just is n't interesting . 
  hell , let 's take an example : the last terrorist shooting in ireland happened ... yesterday . 
  did you hear about it ? 
  i very much doubt you did . 
  for those of you who do n't know what the policy that the uk want is , it 's literally that workers who 've lived in britain for less than four years should have to pay more tax than their british equivalents . 
  it 's pretty obvious why the rest of europe wo n't allow it . 
  the last two graphs show why . 
  that being said , i think it 's a bit early to call it just because it 's decreasing quite fast . 
  until we get our debt : gdp ratio down to roughly uk levels , it 's still one of the countries that had the most trouble . 
  i might be missing it , but i really ca n't see where it says that . 
   they said it could lead to chaos since more migrants would try to cross the tunnel knowing that they wo n't be deported since eu said if britain does n't accept the eu quota , it will lose the right of deporting illegals under the dublin law . 
  their own summary says : `` in a landmark ruling that could lead to chaos in britain 's asylum system , a court decided that four syrian migrants should immediately be brought to the uk from `` the jungle '' camp in calais because of their right to a family life '' . 
  the telegraph also mentions the quota thing , but as filler rather than the main focus of the article . 
  it 's quite old news . 
   not to mention that these 4 are in britain not because they were granted asylum , but while their asylum claim is being looked into . 
  source ? 
  even the telegraph calls them refugees . 
  not that it 'll matter much , since they can still be booted out if they 're not refugees . 
  well you 've got refugees coming from the mediterranean , who are still refugees because they technically did n't cross anywhere safe in between ( turkey wo n't take them ) , and then you 've got refugees where you do n't really know where they came from so you ca n't send them back to a country they passed through ( none of the other countries will take them ) . 
  it 's very much gaming the system , but they 're still refugees . 
  ( and before you suggest it , i * really * do n't want to get into yet another discussion about the ethics of sending people back to syria . ), 
  in any case , the important thing is that poland knew they were n't refugees under * any * definition , but took them in anyway and later pretended that they were . 
  it 's the difference between `` we ca n't show they 're refugees , but there 's a good chance that they are and we 're not prepared to bet that they 're not '' and `` they 're definitely not refugees '' . 
  but it 's not the same . 
  teaching kids that it 's wrong to play or listen to music * is * fundamentally opposed to western values . 
  but face veils ? 
  is hiding your face anti-western and i just missed the memo ? 
  i really ca n't see how wearing face veils turn regular muslims into radical muslims . 
   the immigration process in estonia is fortunately a bit strict . 
  like background checks , vaccinations , weeding out weirdos etc. 
  i believe you 're thinking of regular immigration , which is indeed very stringent in any country not called ireland . 
  refugees is different in that you ca n't root out weirdos , and background checks only work for determining if someone is lying about their situation . 
  but otherwise yeah , everything else seems about right . 
   besides , estonia is a shithole for a functioning society that 's probably the bigger reason why you do n't get problems - because refugees do n't want to go to estonia in the first place . 
  it 's * really * easy to keep refugees calm and peaceful when there 's so few of them . 
  well yeah , 10ebbor10 ( probably ) is n't serious . 
  anyone who * actually * tries to argue that this is a bad thing really does n't know what he 's doing . 
   erm ... the only way that can be twisted is by leaving out all information and saying `` the eu is pushing laws on us again '' . 
  now you 're getting the hang of it !, 
  apparently megabloksareevil want to make other people sound like nazis ... 
   britain 's government backed schools that want to ban muslim women and girls from wearing full-face veils as it ramped up efforts on tuesday to counter the appeal of groups like islamic state ( is ) . 
  seriously ? 
  ... seriously ? 
  is that the actual reason , or is this a newspaper `` one government official said it , so it 's the official reason now '' thing ? 
  because that 's a * seriously * stupid reason . 
  i mean , let me make this clear : if a school wants to ban the full-face veil , that 's fine . 
  schools are a social environment , and are important to developing socially balanced people , and that 's hampered if the peoople involved can hide their faces . 
  even muslim countries like syria ban it in schools . 
  but to ban it because you think it makes people * turn to is ? 
  * how on earth is a face veil going to make people terrorists ? 
  seriously , how ?!, 
  are people going to look at a burqa and go `` yup , i wish all women were dressed like that . 
  hey i know , i 'll make it happen through violent means '' ? 
  it makes no sense !, 
  did i really need an / s at the end of my comment ? 
  what , you mean you have n't seen lots of beggars that look like they come from a specific single country , and do n't regularly inquire about their lives to find out if they 're legally entitled to live there or not ? 
  well okay , aside from that all of this is basically going to instigate wars between europe and the middle east , north africa , and whoever else thinks `` wall them off '' is too cruel to allow , let 's break it down anyway :  pay the turks to seal the border with syria , iraq and lebanon ; activate nato troops and station them on said borders , reactivate patrols of the mediterranean , there 's no chance nato will get support for that . 
  while people are generally divided on letting refugees into * their * country , politicians certainly wo n't get support for stopping anyone getting into a country neighboring syria . 
  also , why block it off after ? 
  why not kick turkey out of the nato and blockade them instead ? 
   send eu peacekeeping force to libya ... why ? 
   work with the us and turkey to stop the war in syria well at least this part 's smart . 
   by removing assad regime ... ... or not . 
  why would you want to stop it by removing * assad * ? 
  i mean , i could understand stopping it and * then * removing assad , but why on earth would you think the best solution is to remove the guys opposing isis ? 
   if schengen goes , eu goes . 
  the shengen agreement is just a nice thing to have , but it going away will barely affect the other treaties and agreements at all . 
  ah nifty , actual stats !, 
  that 's pretty great !, 
  something i was n't expecting is a notable * increase * in right-wing attackers . 
  i was expecting it to go down as the focus of extremist right-wingers shift to muslims . 
   why is it that every time a strawman is presented , it 's always about hitler ? 
  we are literally talking about genocide here . 
  why are you surprised that hitler is being brought up in a discussion on genocide ? 
   the nazis and their senseless rampaging are n't even in the same league in this regard . 
  the nazis did n't have strength or cunning ? 
  i mean , they did n't really do much outside of war , and ran germany pretty poorly , but you specifically mentioned respecting `` strength and cunning '' . 
  i 'm not picking out words here . 
  the conversation literally went :   genocide  that does n't mean you ca n't respect strength and cunning . 
  i do n't know if you 're thinking that everyone totally understands that you were n't talking about the genocide part , because it * really * looks like you were talking about the genocide part . 
  a big part of the actual reason is that the dublin regulation does n't actually require a country to register asyulm seekers if the seekers do n't want to be registered . 
  or even offer any kind of incentive . 
  in other words , if some guys from turkey come in holding a big sign saying `` one way march to germany '' , the non-german governments just have to look the other way , and the worst that can happen is that germany bothers trying to send them back . 
  in other words , germany is only now complaining about open borders because they 're the ones being saddled with all the refugees , but it wo n't pass because the other countries are totally hunky-dory with open borders the way they are . 
  ... well , except maybe for countries like hungary who 's governments just hate foreigners to begin with . 
  ( similarly , there 's no law against an unregistered asylum seeker crossing into other countries either , despite what daily mail readers say . ), 
   british government  secretly good joke . 
  the cdu are n't really anything . 
  they just look at what people currently want right now and run a marathon with it . 
  considering that none of the later member nations voted in favour of joining it , i very much doubt that the earlier member nations would vote against it if they had a choice again . 
  usually when people say `` germans '' , they mean `` german politicians '' . 
  if you 're going to talk about groups rather than people , then the answer is pretty clearly the ira . 
  so the new york times has a dilemma : it wants to make another ad-bait scare article about the rise of anti-semitism in france , but they do n't actually know if there 's a rise in anti-semitism or not .
