  this is incorrect . 
  it is however , correct to say that majority will hold views that are long past their sell by date in the west ( see views on apostasy , women , homosexuality , ` honor ' and many other social aspects from the countries of origin , baring in mind that it is the lower income , less educated inhabitants that are making the trip ) . 
  the writer does n't say this either . 
  are you here to prove me right that people are n't replying to the article in question ? 
   the fact that muslims rarely marry outside of their religion means the young muslim males ( who make up the vast majority of immigrants ) face very grim prospects regarding finding a companion . 
  it is laughable that you think this is not a problem . 
  homosexuals get on just fine , and there 's more muslims in the uk then open homosexuals/bisexuals . 
   the fact that feminists are seemingly pro-immigration of muslims ( who are mostly young males and from the most patriarchal societies on earth ) is as depressing as it is amusing . 
  er , no , most muslim immigrants are n't from `` the most patriarchal societies on earth '' . 
  most come from turkey or syria , which are n't more patriarchal than , say , the us bible belt . 
  also , * still * not related to the article . 
  what the hell is up with this article ? 
  i mean , trevor philips 's statement was the most bland saturday morning comment you could make - it 's literally saying `` it 's okay to be different , being muslim is fine '' . 
  but the telegraph 's writer here seems to have found * way * more meaning in his ( literally ) two sentences than i have . 
   on the other hand , there are some big and important differences between muslims and non-muslims . 
  differences that we can not and should not tolerate . 
   we know , thanks to the work of sundas ali at oxford among others , that british muslims are on average more likely to live in poor housing , in poor areas , to have worse health , to be economically inactive and when they do work to do so in lower-skilled , lower-paid occupations . 
  so , what , islam is bad because it makes people * poor * ? 
  what sort of logic is that ? 
  i think it 's pretty obvious that they 're poor because they 're immigrants , usually from poorer countries , and not because they 've ... got a secret clause in their religion that says it 's bad to earn money , or something . 
   they are also less likely to marry outside their faith or have significant numbers of friendships with non-muslims . 
  haha what ? 
  so all religions are equal , but if a muslim marries a muslims , `` we should n't tolerate it '' ? 
   and they are liable to face abuse and prejudice and discrimination that non-muslims do not . 
  what the hell does this have to do with muslims behaving in a different way ? 
  what , is it now the * muslims * ' fault that they 're getting harassed ? 
   does mr phillips ' implied relativism mean we should adopt an attitude of supreme indifference to some muslims ' insistence on cousin marriage and thus congenital deformity ? 
  that the attitude of some muslim men towards women ( muslim and non - ) and the subsequent harm done to the wellbeing , freedom and happiness of those women should simply be accepted as `` seeing the world differently '' ? 
  that it 's not reasonable to at least ask whether all the muslim women and girls who cover their face and hair do so entirely freely and without coercion ? 
  and what of the fact that some muslims are sympathetic to and even engage in violence in the name of their faith ? 
  trevor phillips said that we should tolerate muslims . 
  does that mean we should also tolerate the criminal ones too ? 
  i honestly think he 's saying that . 
  trevor philips thinks we should tolerate baby-eaters !, 
  what a monster !, 
  maybe if the writer actually said something like that muslims are statistically likely to be criminals based on their religion , and that needs to be considered when talking about tolerating islam . 
  but no , he did n't , he 's just flat-out acting like someone said domestic abuse is cool if foreigners do it . 
   they 're not the other , alien entities destined to live different lives . 
  this is their country too , and they should be able to enjoy all the freedom and opportunity it offers . 
  they are us . 
  and that was how the telegraph made an entire article out of one guy saying `` multiculturalism is okay you guys , not everyone has to be stereotypically british '' , specifically , by pretending he said something entirely different and completely outrageous . 
  am i safe in presuming that the other people commenting here are n't really replying to the * article * , and more like they 're just replying to the headline ? 
  because the headline 's topic is certainly a good discussion hook , but i really ca n't see how anyone could look at this article 's text and think anything other than `` what the hell is the author on about ? 
  he 's really not making sense here . '', 
  setting aside whether you personally agree or disagree with it being an appropriate solution , the bigger question is : will the eu ever get the populous support to do this ? 
  it did in australia , but i do n't see europeans sharing their opinion on the matter . 
  it does n't forfeit your refugee status ( how would that even work ? 
  would they be sent back to syria ? 
  ) , but it * is * grounds for being arrested . 
  but it 's only for refugees that have been processed and are part of the distribution program . 
  the people in calais still have n't been processed ( thanks , french bureaucracy ) and as such they can still legally move country . 
  that all would n't be that much of a problem if australia 's government was n't * absolutely incompetent * at handling asylum seekers . 
  but they are , and resort to censorship to stop people leaking that the living conditions are worse than a us prison , and the average stay is over 400 days . 
  seriously , they had to make a * law * saying that anyone reporting on it could face two years in prison !, 
  that 's some north korea crap right there !, 
  as explained elsewhere , the bbc messed up and did n't explain what she actually left over - specifically , the plan to extend that to people * without * dual nationality too . 
  and now it 's reddit 's turn to discuss it !, 
   the harshest words came from john bruton , playing ireland . 
  brexit , he said , would be a `` devastating decision '' for ireland -- `` i would regard it as an unfriendly act ... a huge , self-imposed , politically generated shock to our economy . '' it would undo much of the work of the peace process , and create huge questions over borders and labour market access . 
  hah ... no , i do n't think so . 
  i think the irish government would be super supporting of their decision , immediately try make as many deals and open travel-based agreements as they can ( as they always do ) , and desperately try to hide the massive smiles on their faces . 
  `` britain leaving the eu will be an absolute disaster '' , said banking company who personally profits from the uk being in the eu . 
  `` this is important news that we must cover '' , said newspaper that personally profits from posting outrageous articles . 
  well yeah , cocaine is n't bad because it 's corrosive to buildings , it 's bad because it causes serious brain damage . 
  no , i mean according to a who collection of studies into the effects of ecstasy . 
  which ... 
  i. . . ca n't seem to find anymore . 
  outside of the law , it 's still very debatable . 
  the drug causes brain damage on recreational use , but not as much as cocaine , so where does it fit in ? 
  and what about how you can overdose on it , but it 's not addictive ? 
  it really could go either way . 
  unless i 'm mistaken , netherlands ' law considers it so and has kept it illegal like other hard drugs . 
  have you got a source on that ? 
  and this better not be one of those `` the majority are coming from other war-torn nations instead '' studies . 
  blargh , i 'm mixing up users . 
  fine : you 're * defending * the opinion that that guy should be shot . 
  and you just expressed that that guy should be shot . 
  would you prefer to call it a speech crime ? 
  either way , still insane to say people should be shot for it . 
  and only 5.9 % of us respect the laws of the country we live in . 
  * amsterdam # 1 for ecstasy * amsterdam # 2 for cocaine please , * please * do n't tell me that that idiotic `` people who use cannabis go on to use harder stuff '' thing is actually true . 
  because it 's really looking like it is . 
  hold on , aside from that i do n't think drugera was talking about this , what * is * the difference between refugees fleeing from isis and refugees fleeing from nazis ? 
  i was under the impression that both groups were equally genocidal . 
  ah okay , so it was * intended * to be that way , that 's what was tripping me up . 
  see , i was under the impression that a good voting system was one that results in a government that represents all of it 's people ( or at the very least , a majority ) , so i thought that any voting system that did n't do that was a failure of a voting system . 
  but now that i know that it was * intentionally * making it that a minority of voters could decide the laws for the entire country , it makes things so much clearer . 
   no voting system is without flaws . 
  fptp is n't unique in this regard fptp is n't unique in that it 's the only one with flaws . 
  it 's unique in that it 's the only one without benefits . 
   ( which , by the way , can not be broken when it 's operating as it was designed ) it 's not a flaw , it 's a feature ? 
  as i 've heard it , france is * really * bad with processing refugees in a timely manner . 
  anywhere from the last day to the last 50 years . 
  like i said , most likely demographic in europe by * far * . 
  `` exceptionally nationalist '' would be a better term than `` racist '' . 
  it 's the difference between hating people of non-western races and hating people of non-western cultures . 
  well yes , that * is * a right-wing policy . 
  just like how the german government is right-wing except for their left-wing stance on refugees . 
  if it 's all people know you for , then they 're going to think you probably belong to the side that normally believes that . 
  but still , it 's not what the police mean when they say `` right-wing groups '' .
