  / r/europe 's thoughts on the topic of housing refugees in europe : * what ?!, 
  why are we housing these people in our continent ? 
  we should be paying a poorer country to house them instead , where it 's cheaper !, 
  this is an outrage !, 
  / r/europe 's thoughts on the topic of turkey requesting more financial aid for housing refugees : * what ?!, 
  they want * more * money ? 
  those two-timing turkey assholes will just turn around and unleash their refugees on us once they get their money !, 
  we should be building walls and refusing to support refugees instead !, 
  this is an outrage !, 
  sometimes i feel like this sub is only here to complain about whatever 's topical right now . 
   perhaps the funds could also have been used to create refugee processing centers , some sort of enclave on african/middle-eastern soil . 
  why do you think they 're giving money to turkey ? 
  that 's basically ireland 's entire refugee population . 
  i do n't even know why . 
  ireland 's pretty much the most multicultural , accommodating country in the world ( we 've even got a nearly-open border with south korea !, 
  ) , and the government has made it pretty clear they 're fine with more refugees , but ... nobody wants to come . 
  ireland is just a completely unknown country to the arab world . 
  pretty sure that was the news guys , not the refugees . 
   look at everything that has happened , the bombings , shootings . 
  all committed by men who either hide as refugees or follow the word of islam . 
  that 's the part people will have issue with . 
  firstly , most of the terrorists in europe are christian , you just do n't hear about it in the news because they 're not big incidents . 
  [ like the `` paramilitary-style '' terrorist attack in the uk last week ] ( http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/uk-northern-ireland-35388303 ) , but where the only victim was a teenager getting his legs shot up . 
  secondly , even of the muslim terrorists , most are n't refugees or have been posing as refugees . 
  most of them have been just straight-up eu nationals . 
  so no , the notion that `` the bombings , shootings '' are all muslim refugees is exceptionally wrong . 
  wait , what ? 
  okay , first off , some faults : 1 : saying that less germans of the future will be genetically german is true . 
  saying it 's a problem is ... well , it 's so straight-up racist that i 'm wondering if i 'm just misunderstanding what you 're trying to say when you say things like `` is there a national future for ` germany ' if something like half of its people are from turkey in genetic origin '' . 
  2 : why turkey ? 
  why muslims ? 
  you 've specifically pointed out those two , but there 's no reason to think germany will only accept immigrants of those two types . 
  they 've got an entire * world * to choose from . 
  3 : despite the doom-saying news reports , the muslims in germany * have * been peaceful . 
  before new years , police even said they cause less crimes than the regular populace . 
  it changed with cologne , of course , but then again `` the right to grope women '' is n't part of their religion - it 's much more likely that something convinced people of a single refugee camp to do it than that it 's a thing foreigners always do even though it only happened on one day in one city . 
  4 : and of course , it 's still absurd to suggest that this will be a problem so * colossal * in scale that it will completely undermine entire technological and social advancement that will have also happened since then . 
  i miss the good old days , where you did n't * need * evidence to reinforce your preconceived beliefs !, 
  you just picked up your local newspaper , read the headline where it said something like `` cologne sex attacks : ` safe zone ' for women planned ahead of city 's carnival '' , and by gum you knew deep in your hearts that it had to be true !, 
  but going with the reverse * also * means no turning back . 
  because if europe actually can support lots of refugees , but does n't , then it makes turkey and lebanon and jordan considerably worse off ( since they can barely take refugees as it is ) for something that could 've been easily prevented . 
  the question has always been `` at what point is it more beneficial for any more refugee camps to always been in a middle eastern country than having some more in europe ? '' . 
  it 's not an easy question , but you ca n't just assume that your answer is the right one with no consequences if it 's wrong . 
   religious extremism ? 
  ... seriously ? 
  do you really not know what britain was like in the last 50 years ? 
  it 's not the same , sure - middle easterners have bigger bombs - but my point was really that there 's far less terrorism * in england * . 
   but i do get the distinct feeling that workers ' rights are receding i would n't agree with that . 
  my impression is that workers have more rights and better protections now than ever before . 
  ... but that really is just an impression , i have n't looked into it . 
   that retirement age is increasing well that 's to be expected . 
  people live longer now . 
   the middle class is being eroded and that the gap between the wealthy and the common folk is getting wider and deeper . 
  that part is a big concern , and it 's certainly getting worse , but pretty much everyone 's getting richer . 
  food is getting cheaper , so is machinery , and let 's not even mention electronics and entertainment . 
  pretty much everything but property is . 
  the lower class of today is the middle class of the past . 
  britain 50 years ago did n't believe in the concept of paying women equal wages . 
  britain ~ 50 years ago still thought that shooting `` one man , one vote '' protestors was a good idea . 
  britain 50 to 25 years ago had more terrorist incidents than pretty much the entirety of the middle east in modern years , topping off at an estimated ~ 10,000 bombing attempts . 
  britain 50 years ago was only fantastic culturally and socially if lived in and never moved out of one of the nicer neighborhoods , and did n't happen to have any ponce friends . 
  and britain was not even * remotely * better economically . 
  edit : also , no top gear or qi , which i 've come to understand is 50 % of british culture right there . 
  technology is advancing at a dramatic rate . 
  europe today is * exceptionally * better economically , culturally , and socially than europe 50 years ago , which was itself significantly better than europe 100 years ago . 
  what on * earth * are you imagining happen that will negate all the good that scientific discovery and engineering innovations will do to our countries ? 
  this was already posted . 
  tl ; dr : deutsche bank , being a bank that personally loses out from england leaving the eu , is not a neutral observer and it 's totally in their interests to convince people that the brexit will cause the apocalypse . 
  and the telegraph , not being a respectable newspaper , runs with it anyway . 
   i take the original quote more to mean that democracy sucks but that it sucks the least out of all of the choices . 
  i feel like you think the word `` best '' has a meaning other than `` better than all the others '' . 
   winston churchill did n't say it was the worst ( except for all the others ) for no reason . 
  you do realise that that was a witty way of saying it 's the * best * form of government , right ? 
   `` police believe the fight erupted between rival people smuggling gangs against a backdrop of simmering tensions between muslims and christians in the camp . '', 
  `` against a backdrop '' does not mean `` is the motive behind '' . 
  it literally just means that there 's tensions there . 
  '' * okay , first off , david michaux was n't talking about the incident in question . 
  he was just making a general comment . 
  see previous statement re : saying that there 's a general problem does n't mean it 's the cause of the story . 
  * i can understand why the telegraph would leave that out , because apparently they really are that desperate to make this look like a religious thing , but why would * you * leave it out ? 
   ` religious tensions ' spark gunfight in french migrant camp woah , that 's pretty serious . 
  for these camps to  forty shots fired in clashes apparently between rival smugglers ' gangs in grande-synthe migrant camp what the hell , telegraph ?!, 
  that 's not religious motivation at all !, 
  and i checked with other sources . 
  the motive is n't fully established , but it really does look like it 's just rival gangs . 
  as in , there 's literally no reason to think it had to do with religion at all !, 
  is the telegraph really that desperate that they 'd pull a trick like this to turn a non-news event into something topical ? 
  moreso , is it just me or is / r/europe getting considerably worse at actually reading the articles before replying ? 
  this is the second thread today where just about every commenter 's only been replying to the headline . 
  it 's either keep some in mainland europe , or keep more in greece . 
  and greece is already pretty full as it is . 
   why the fuck do they have guns . 
  that 's the real issue here . 
  seriously what the fuck is this . 
  `` forty shots fired in clashes apparently between rival smugglers ' gangs in grande-synthe migrant camp '' are you really that surprised that smugglers have guns ? 
   treatment of women in islam extends much , much deeper than simple domestic abuse . 
  when sharia law states that a woman 's testimony is worth half that of a mans , you have a widespread problem ( and that 's the more ` progressive ' islamic states , including sharia courts in the uk ) . 
  the writer does n't argue this . 
   it is also not a case of ` criminal or not ' . 
  only the idiots are saying they are all criminals .
