any article that contains the words `` people on the internet '' is always going to be either propaganda or clickbait based on someone else 's propaganda . 
  you can find people on the internet that believe anything , because it 's got a population size of about 3 billion !, 
  see also : why online petitions are useless . 
  it 's not facts , and it is true , but it 's more like it 's ... missing the point , really . 
  what i mean is that , yes , the average middle-class citizen benefits far more from low-skilled immigration than they lose from it , because they 're always a boon to the economy . 
  i mean , it 's pretty obvious when you think about it : more workers = cheaper products + more money going to the govvernment ( even sweden breaks even on their notoriously low-employment-rate refugees in terms of government income/expenditure ) . 
  the only cost to them is that housing prices go up ( and that 's only a downside for some ) and the crime rate increases ( but not by much ) . 
  not to mention that it 's a two-way street - the citizens can emigrate out to the other countries too , where there 's a lot less competition for their skills . 
  however , as that guy 's non-factual opinion study says , it 's * very * bad for working-class , anyone-can-learn-this skilled guys - because now they 've got a whole load of competition . 
  it 's all nice and well to say it 's good for the economy , but that does n't mean much if they do n't have money to begin with . 
  i think you missed an important step in your post . 
  specifically , the part explaining what the hell you 're talking about , since nobody mentioned anything remotely close to war crimes against their own populace . 
  who needs silly stuff like `` the geneva convention '' anyway ? 
  if he cares about all that , then he very much gives a fuck . 
   so , the eu is directly subsidizing actual , convicted terrorists ? 
  if the eu did n't do that now and again , ireland would never get funding . 
  they did n't just share a religion , they were from the same * species * too !, 
  i 'm telling ya man , you ca n't trust humans . 
  okay , but he specifically said more humane . 
  you 're only saying that because the queen 's 90th birthday is n't for another two weeks . 
  the people sending the messages clearly do n't agree , or they 'd be sending them to kaczy\u0144ski instead . 
  if the mother did n't do a paternity test , then they would n't have known that the child was n't the father 's either . 
  and there 's no law saying `` if you cheated on someone , you have to have a paternity test '' . 
  and anyone who hardly never lies is still one undetected brain damage away from lying a lot . 
  if that 's ` negligible ' , then that would mean we would n't have to care about people over 90 , because less than half a million of people in the uk are over 90 . 
   that is not honesty , that is an orwellian level of doublespeak . 
  if you trust her its not `` good '' news , its not even news at all since you said you trusted her . 
  its something you already know since you trust her . 
  not to mention that she 'd see through it straight away . 
  it 's not a subtle lie at all . 
  what ? 
  that 's not true . 
  what * actually * happened was that the coal market started becoming unprofitable as environmentalism became progressively more popular . 
  coal went from being the best fuel source to being the worst . 
  and as a result , the spanish government cut back on coal subsidies . 
  coal mines started having to close down , because there just was n't enough profit anymore . 
  as for germans buying and closing mines , as far as i 'm aware that was n't anything malicious . 
  german companies just thought `` we could run this place better , germany 's the coal consumption capital of europe , we know how to do this !, 
  '' , bought out those unprofitable mines , and then found out that they did n't know how to do this and closed them anyway . 
   sweden makes a great economy , economy booms . 
  `` sweden is a great example of a country doing it right . '', 
   sweden implements high taxes , has free education and healthcare . 
  economy still great . 
  `` sweden is a great example of a country doing it right . '', 
   sweden takes in a lot of refugees from war-torn country . 
  economy still great . 
  `` sweden does n't know what it 's doing . '', 
  seriously dude , were you using sweden as an example of a country doing it right because you * actually * thought it was a great country , or was it just because they were doing stuff that you agreed with ? 
  hold on , sweden does n't have free travel for elderly ? 
  i coulda sworn they could . 
  also , are you really complaining that refugee shelters do n't charge for their services ? 
  you 're the only one who could read `` there are more arab-speakers than finnish-speakers in a country related to neither '' and be convinced it means the country wo n't have enough money for your pension . 
  not really . 
  i mean , it 's sad if you 're one of those artsy kind of people that think languages are beautiful and we should know as many as we can , but for pretty much everyone else , they prefer only having to learn one language if they have to . 
  why bother going through all the effort of learning a new language they do n't need when their time could be put to much better use ? 
  it was a good business model up until the government themselves made it a bad business model . 
  you 're talking about a massive change in government policy affecting a company as if the company should 've foreseen it and they 're whining about the government for no reason . 
    turkey agrees to help migrants that do n't get accepted in europe  only the eu fairy tale leftists want to help them all i think you are very confused today . 
  ireland recovered pretty much as fast as it fell . 
  and no , i 'm not making it up , [ ireland really is one of the richer countries in the world ] ( http://statisticstimes.com/economy/european-countries-by-gdp-per-capita.php ) , and they 've got the highest gdp growth in europe too . 
  oh , and the imf left two and a half years ago . 
  whoops , i used the wrong word there . 
  i should 've said `` cultural influence '' instead of tourism . 
  barcelona is advertised as a nice place to spend a summer holiday , but that 's about it - there 's hardly any non-spanish tv shows set in spain , or talking about what a great country spain is , and it does n't appear in the news very much . 
  there 's simply not much of a reason for a middle easterner to think this is the best place to spend the rest of your life . 
  ( also , a football team ? 
  that 's not going to convince people to live there . ), 
   because , and lets be honest , spain is a nice country but not bulking with excess money . 
  well that 's not true . 
  ireland 's in a similar situation - hardly any refugees ever come - but it 's one of the richer countries in the eu . 
  i believe it 's tied directly to ~ ~ tourism ~ ~ cultural influence . 
  big-name countries like the uk , germany and france are featured ( usually in a positive light ) * much * more often in tv shows than small ones like ireland or uninteresting ones like spain . 
  it 's the drawback of trying to make your country seem like the best in the world - because then people will actually believe it . 
  no no , he means when do we get to vote on if we still want you lot in the eu in the first place !, 
  or more accurately , the country is just fine , but old ladies and ` concerned ' radio personalities are trying to make a big deal out of it . 
  okay , in that case , it 's getting a bit closer to civil disobedience . 
  i 'd still say it 's not , that it 's too much like an actual crime than a protest , but it 's at least more subjective . 
   germany ` threatens to close borders to refugees ' to put pressure on its neighbours what the hell is your source on that , telegraph ? 
  your entire article implies that it was just drawing up a plan without giving an explanation why , yet you 've somehow managed to establish not only that it was an actual threat , but also the specific motive behind it too ? 
  do you not like sourcing things properly , telegraph , or did you just make up your own headline and call it reporting ? 
   because if somebody wants to turn a school , mall or street into a shooting range then he/she wo n't bother with all the legal steps . 
  you think crazed shooting spree gunmen frequent black markets ? 
  gun control would n't stop * regular * criminals or terrorists like these guys , but it certainly puts a halt to ordinary citizens who snap and go berserk . 
  civil disobedience is usually a form of active-through-passive protest . 
  stuff like `` sitting at the front of the bus '' or `` not crossing the street '' . 
  i do n't think `` trying to kill someone '' counts as civil disobedience , even if it is just disobeying the no murdering laws . 
  they were very likely terrorists , but it 's a bit presumptuous to presume they 're white . 
  actually , no , better issue : why does their race matter at all ? 
  gosh , for a minute there , i thought the shooters here committed a terrorist act because they were just bad people . 
  but now i know that this is actually the direct result of people you do n't like getting power !, 
  thanks , internet guy !, 
  i would n't agree with this . 
  i mean , let 's break down his two points of why nationalism is good :  nationalism can expand the space in which people care for each other . 
  it allows people to feel solidarity with and connections to other humans outside the limiting frameworks of the family , the clan , and the tribe . 
  nationalism allows people to relate to complete strangers , share their worries , and feel responsible for their well-being . 
  it also allows people to create strong identities that transcend their immediate local surroundings . 
  the counterpoint to that is that , while it rewards people who have common interests to the standard , it encourages * shunning * people who do n't . 
  i , for one , am quite glad to be living in a world where i can enjoy rock n roll and watch cartoons and believe in whatever religion i want without jeopardizing friendships or job opportunities . 
  i prefer it a lot more than , what , the ability to talk about common interests with a complete stranger ? 
   in an age when it is so common for progressive , cosmopolitan intellectuals ( particularly in europe ? ),
