  very unlikely . 
  she might get the most votes in the first round , but she 's too unpopular to get past the second round . 
  people will vote for whoever the opposition is just for the sake of voting against her . 
  `` muslims are to blame ! '', 
  `` actually , it turns out it was just a guy trying to make it look like muslims did it . '', 
  `` let 's talk about muslims anyway ! '', 
  because as we all know , nobody * ever * commits terrorism in the name of supporting a socialist republic . 
  never happened . 
  ( seriously , out of all the reasons to support switching from capitalism , `` to prevent terrorism '' has to be the worst one i 've ever heard . ), 
  out of all the stuff i 've heard about islam in sweden , i do n't think i 've ever heard of someone saying swedes are naturally converting to islam before . 
  that 's ... certainly a new concept . 
  do n't think it 's backed by studies/statistics though . 
  also got rutte . 
  which is strange , because i do n't agree with his policies . 
  i do n't think this is a very good buzzfeed quiz . 
   after she published the report she received numerous death threats and her car was torched . 
  ( which she knew would happen ) that sounds pretty awful . 
   but what was worse for her was that she was also criticised from sweden 's media and her story was written off as rumours and hearsay . 
  that sounds pretty ... normal ? 
  i 'm sorry , why are you ( or she ? ), 
  elevating `` people do n't believe i 'm an honest journalist '' to being worse than `` people set my car on fire '' ? 
  in any case , as bad as death threats/destruction of property are , it 's pretty presumptuous to say that they 're better than what you 'd get when reporting on what people do n't want to hear in somalia . 
  she 's ( presumably ) basing basing that off of a guess . 
  ... or because it sounds good , because i also do n't trust journalists to be honest . 
  yes , we get it , sweden has a lot of muslim refugees . 
  are people going to keep pointing that out in every thread about sweden ? 
  i 've known enough frenchmen to say : in their eyes , they 're still supermodels . 
  on the flipside , very few people have enough muscle density to make a significant enough difference . 
  there 's no reason to think sweden just has an exceptional amount of bodybuilders compared to other countries , for example . 
  and while it would be * theoretically * better to measure body fat levels directly , that 's both less practical and also considerably less studied - whereas there 's a bunch of studies showing how bmi affects your odds of contracting/surviving various diseases , there 's very little for body fat metrics , so it ends up being the less useful metric ( for now , anyway ) . 
  nope , obesity is defined the same way across the board . 
  i 'm not particularly knowledgeable of the effects of climate change , but judging by that irish climatologists seem to be making the biggest fuss of all : probably not . 
  ( in all seriousness though , potatoes are a good solution for climate change famines . 
  they 're a lot better at surviving varying climates than most other vegetables . ), 
  you 're not * technically * wrong , but it 's still very off to single out the us in particular just because the guy you 're responding to has a us flair . 
  it 's not like the us is particularly different from any other western country . 
   a couple people close to me have given up , or never wanted it anyway , any personal responsibility about their weight . 
  just a couple ? 
  i mean , that 's literally half the population ( in sweden anyway ) now . 
  you do n't `` accidentally '' get fat , you get fat by not caring about avoiding it . 
  with * very * minor exceptions . 
  no worries , i 'll do it for you . 
  hey swedes !, 
  europe called , they want to know why the continent is lopsided !, 
  hey swedes !, 
  you 're the only country to gain in population density without gaining in population !, 
  hey swedes !, 
  i figured out why your population 's in decline !, 
  hey swedes !, 
  here 's a job you can get your refugees to do : teach you how to eat properly !, 
  hey swedes !, 
  how does your country have so many nobel laureates but still ca n't figure out how to count calories ? 
  hey swedes !, 
  your women are so self-conscious that they 'd do anything to have bigger breasts !, 
  hey swedes !, 
  is the reason guns are allowed there because bullets ca n't reach your organs ? 
  hey swines !, 
  hey swedes !, 
  the danes are n't jealous of you anymore !, 
  and to top it off : hey mods !, 
  i 'm going to make a thread about muslims causing local news , ` kay ? 
  `` overwhelming majority '' ? 
  more like `` everyone in the country '' . 
  there was no proposed alternative to the eu , the choice was literally `` do you want things the way they are or do you want them to be different in a way we have n't decided yet ? '', 
  in the uk , it was 52/48 . 
  and the us spiced it up by having it be 48/52 , because they still have n't quite got a hang of this `` equality '' thing . 
  but yeah , it is a little weird that the recent obviously bad referendums/elections seem to be getting passed with the slightest of margins . 
  i think we can both admit that that was the stated reason , but people were only talking in the vaguest sense - like `` they make so many of our laws '' , and `` i do n't like how european commission members get elected , it 's not democratic enough '' , and `` they might be supporting laws i 'm against in the future , like a shared military '' . 
  there was a distinct lack of people talking about the * actual * catches with the laws and deals they made . 
  hey , do n't be stereotyping him like that !, 
  there 's plenty of europeans that have those kind of views . 
  they 're called `` british '' . 
  `` trump is just one guy '' is the lamest excuse for saying ` that 's not actually a republican issue ' i 've ever heard . 
  unless you have some statistics showing that nearly all republicans * do n't * care about red cups , i 'm going to assume that the publicly-elected republican leader does actually represent republican values and that you just have n't been paying attention or are projecting your own values onto the general population . 
  why do people keep saying that ? 
  i mean , trump himself made a speech about how we should `` maybe '' boycott starbucks over it ( emphasising that that even means the one in his own tower ) . 
  if you have n't heard of any republicans talking about it , it just means you have n't been paying attention . 
   i do n't know if that difference in meanings hold in english . 
  it normally does - in the past , political parties that wanted to emphasise they do n't like making decisions contrary to popular opinion would call themselves populist - but since us republican populism ( aka : demagoguery ) became more serious than a running joke for the rest of the world , now ` populism ' is pretty much used exclusively to refer to preying on people 's ignorance . 
  i agree , compared to the left , it 's pretty much impossible to get the right-wingers ruled up with minor issues and oh my god is that a red coffee cup ?!, 
  i will not stand for that in my country !, 
  long story short : ireland used to have very strict religious-based laws and social norms . 
  really bad ones too - most famously , outcasting pregnant single mothers . 
  at some point , everyone decided enough was enough and * rapidly * turned against the idea of forcing-gods-rules-on-others . 
  now , the only parts left are religion-coinciding non-religious traditions ( celebrating christmas and easter , having the angelus on tv , no alcohol on good friday no that is not a religious thing ) , schools rejecting applicants because they 're not baptised ( not because people approve of it , but because it 's rare enough that most people do n't know about it ) , and abortion , because that 's an actual part of the constitution and requires a referendum to remove . 
  politicians have pretty much promised an abortion referendum now , but they 're putting it off because - just like with pretty much every country yes that includes yours - the people who do n't want a referendum outnumber the people who do . 
  but it 's expected to * most likely * pass once it goes out ( particularly since the law is really nothing more than an inconvenience , since the state wo n't stop you from getting an abortion abroad at all ) . 
  on the plus side , once we get those last two issues fixed up , we 'll finally have a less conservative legal system than england , by virtue of being equally secular but with the added knowledge that women can in fact commit rape . 
  edit : crap , forgot england is n't actually a secular country . 
  why do we get all the flak when they 're the ones that still has religion in politics ? 
  yeah , that 's not going to happen . 
  i mean , it * might * happen for more harmless stuff like cannabis , but there 's no way they 're going to decriminalise actually deadly drugs like cocaine without testing out how well decriminalisation works/doesn ' t work to begin with . 
  it 's always nice to know there 's a country that god hates more than yours . 
   race do no exist in the first place . 
  you 're ... definitely going to need to explain your logic behind that one . 
  revoke his citizenship for * not * considering scotland ? 
  i thought that was practically a requirement for english citizenship to begin with !, 
  the non-semantic difference is that an ordinary leftist would still bash obama for the things he 's done wrong ( which is still a lot ) , but i do n't think i 've ever seen oliver do that . 
  if you 're not willing to criticise your own demographic 's ` leader ' , then it 's pandering . 
  ... ` course , it could also be that he did , and i just have n't seen those parts .
