  but when it was up , there was no way you were going to let someone put stuff on their tab . 
  it wo n't happen . 
  there 's two massive demographics that still depend on cash transactions : 1 : children . 
  2 : tourists . 
  so a `` cashless society '' is basically just a pipe dream , unless the government wants to implement some completely radical system beyond `` use a credit card '' . 
   i just do n't understand why people would change the legends that have been supplied by the people who conducted the index . 
  graph must have been made by a brit . 
  you can tell because :  ireland is 8.50 ^ / s, 
  well no , you 're also just lower on the hdi index to begin with . 
  ca n't be . 
  ireland , for example , is above 0.85 in the one 0ffliner posted . 
  err ... 
  i 'm not sure if you 've * actually * talked to those people , but they 're not calling people racists or fascists because they just like using the word as an insult . 
  when people call someone a racist or fascist , it 's because they actually think that person is a racist or fascist . 
  also , * how the hell * are you coming across so many people regularly calling people fascists ? 
  that really sounds like a `` i heard someone on fox news say it was common '' thing than that you 're basing that on real life experience . 
   this is a subjective survey based on what people think , and the truth is that trust in especially politicians , governments and media is going down . 
  so despite that subjective surveys ( where `` subjective '' means `` asked people about their own thoughts '' ) have been saying trust in politicians has been about constant , you subjectively ( where `` subjective '' means `` asked yourself about other people 's thoughts '' ) think that people have been trusting politicians less ? 
  and even call it `` the truth '' ? 
   there are of course differences between countries , but for denmark the trust in its politicians was in the 54-70 % from 1994 to 2011 , and in 2015 it hit a low of just 28 % . 
  [ the only source i could find showed it going from 67 % to 47 % . 
  ] ( https://qph.ec.quoracdn.net/main-qimg-4681faefbaef8f8948b1a547d45dba16 ) i 'm also going to point out that your parliament ( through majority vote ) makes statements like * `` parliament notes with concern that today there are areas in denmark where the number of immigrants from non-western countries and their descendants is above 50 percent . 
  it is parliament 's opinion that danes should not be a minority in residential areas in denmark '' * . 
  which is to say that we have every reason to believe danish politicians are getting worse , since they 're now at the stage where they 're just outright insulting most of the population , and are totally not a representation of trust levels in general . 
   it has however gone slightly down over the years from somewhere in the 80 % area to the 70 % . 
  high yes , but still a decline from past surveys . 
   no bother in me finding old books and start taking pictures for documentation . 
  it is pointless comparisons if the questions asked in these surveys are not the same . 
  i 'm a. . . little confused what you 're saying here . 
  are you saying that danes ' trust in people used to be 80 % down to what it is in op 's image , but also say that there 's no reason to think they 're comparable ? 
   i think i would trust my kid with such things . 
  you do n't sound like a parent . 
  it 's the awkwardness of this kind of question is that you can never know if you 're supposed to answer based on the person 's race or if you 're supposed to answer based on who you perceive the average person of that race to be . 
  like , few people would say they have a problem with their child dating an upstanding citizen of a gypsy , but nearly everyone would have a problem with their child dating a gypsy stereotype . 
  it gets worse when people hear your answer , ignore the ambiguity , and just assume you were thinking exactly what they were - resulting in situations where people accuse you of either racism or virtue signalling pretty much no matter what you 're thinking of . 
  which happens * all the goddam time * !, 
  they 're basically the same race , they 're only different genetically . 
   ireland : roma 50 % -59 % i call bull . 
  how do irish people even know who the romani are ? 
  there 's only 3,000 of them in the entire country !, 
  well you 're half right . 
  cats are basically just tiny angry bears . 
  i have ... no idea what you just said . 
   rates are dropping in the north for several reasons . 
  did you just make a wild guess , figure that `` new technology means something something more stories than newspapers and news channels , immigration makes people trust each other less , violence is going up [ if you ignore that it 's not ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/crime_in_sweden ) , and people trust politicians less [ i think i dunno i never checked ] ( https://ourworldindata.org/wp-content/uploads/2016/07/som_swedishtrustpoliticians.png ) '' , and conclude that people in the north must be trusting each other less without checking to see if that 's actually true ? 
  [ because it 's not . 
  ] ( https://ourworldindata.org/wp-content/uploads/2016/07/som_swedishtrustpeople.png ), 
  yeah . 
  i mean , i 'd easily trust just about every not to steal my pies when i leave them on the windowsill , but i would n't trust a single stranger with a i-give-you-a-pie-now-if-you-give-me-one-later deal . 
  that sounds a lot more believable than a guy saying the ottoman empire failed because the ottomans were a race of massive assholes . 
  i used to live in denmark . 
  i had some conservative friends ( or friends from conservative families , more likely ) that were absolutely swearing that sweden is going through hell and on the limit of how far it can go before self-destructing . 
  three months ago , i moved from denmark to sweden . 
  * everything 's the bloody same !, 
  * ( mind you , maybe anecdotal evidence is n't a good metric for that . 
  i mean , if we went purely off of my experiences , then we 'd conclude that neither country has any crime whatsoever because i have n't seen any . ), 
   nomadic lifestyle ftw : if you do n't trust your neighbours , you just pack up your yurt and move . 
  so ... recent-graduate life for everyone ? 
   serval from kemono friends is definitely furry ??? 
  the girl who 's only animal traits are cat ears and a tail ? 
  you thought that * that * counts as furry ? 
   edit : apparently , most swedes pay a similar tax rate as found in the usa . 
  that 's not really true either . 
  sweden has this * absolutely awful * system whereby your listed pre-tax salary is not your actual pre-tax salary . 
  so for example , i ` make ' 45k a year . 
  after tax , that 's 32k . 
  before tax , that 's 59k . 
   0 witnesses  0 evidence to back it up  involves politics and i have 0 reason to believe this actually happened . 
  as a general rule , count the ears . 
  if they have four ears , they 're not furry . 
  i 'd be the one to draw the non-arbitrary limit at whatever number that would be , because there actually * is * a limit where it stops being best for everyone in general to let people in . 
  and yes , i 'd be fine with drawing a limit . 
   and i said well the best way to help them is try to make their countries of origin better places . 
  and as * i * said , that 's just not happening . 
  and that 's the flaw in your whole argument :  i 'm not completely against immigration and refugees , i just think the west , if it does n't intend to solve the root problems , then they should be more careful with which refugees they receive . 
  you 're arguing that if we 're not going to do the best solution , then we should n't attempt any solution at all . 
  but the difference is that the best solution ca n't actually happen because people are n't like that , while the imperfect solution actually can . 
   far right parties had a surge in popularity during the refugee crisis , you ca n't deny it . 
  they 're trending down again because things calmed down . 
  they had a surge , yes . 
  for about a year . 
  where there was almost zero change in power . 
  but you 're talking about the rise in right-wing parties as if it 's something to be afraid of , but there 's not . 
   a net utilitarian benefit if you do n't care about borders or in other words , it sucks for europeans , but the benefit to africans outweighs that . 
  it 's a very robin hood-esque situation . 
   theoretically not , but things like brexit and trump getting elected makes me think that the west is very close to the practical limit . 
  brexit was barely because of the refugee crisis , and trump literally could n't have been because america was n't affected by the crisis to begin with . 
  besides , if you measured how much of a problem something is by how much people will support the guys committed to doing anything to prevent it , then you 'd have to conclude that the west reached peak judaism in the 1930s and we should never approach that number of jews again . 
   in 2015 we got a million refugees and right wing parties were on the rise all over europe , what happens if things get worse and we get 10 million ? 
  we will probably go full fascist then . 
  so how many european right-wing parties even got into power that were n't also in power in 2014 ? 
  because i 'm sorta coming up with a blank trying to think about what right-wing uprising will happen if we do n't stop taking in refugees * right now * . 
  i mean , maybe 10 million would be too much . 
  but nobody 's mentioned 10 million , because we 're only talking about the present . 
   the truth is that the west ca n't take everybody who needs help . 
  yeah , but the west is n't anywhere near that point yet . 
   the solution is to step in and make the situation of our world better . 
  immigration and accepting refugees is just a band-aid . 
   [ ... ]  well , alright then , the problem is right under your noses now , but noone seems to want to actually solve it welcome to earth . 
  if it involves giving up something to help people you hardly know , it 's not going to be a popular solution .
