   this sub has the strangest hard on for us . 
  there 's , what , three countries in europe with english as the primary language ? 
  and the other two have a combined population less than 10 % that of the uk . 
  it 's going to be a uk-dominated sub for the same reason that ordinary subs are us-dominated . 
   afghanistan was able to keep up a guerrilla movement while facing the full power of the u.s military afghanistan took down about 3,000 soldiers . 
  ... out of 500,000 in the military overall . 
  and that 's * defending * a country , where they control all the infrastructure . 
  and against a government that wanted to avoid civilian casualties . 
  even if that was cut down to half , there 's no way any kind of home-grown rebellion is taking that on . 
  if anyone 's going to be able to take down a tyrannical government , it 's the us army itself - which is not what you want to hear , since they 're a part of the tyrannical government . 
  keep in mind here that none of the rebellions against the nazis actually succeeded . 
  and that was against a ( usually foreign ) military force with more primitive weapons . 
  chicago 's murder rate is exceptionally high even compared to other cities . 
  but more importantly , why the heck are you trying to argue that democrats commit more murder ? 
  did you really think people would believe that there 's a correlation between killing someone and which candidate they voted for ? 
  http://g8fip1kplyr33r3krz5b97d1.wpengine.netdna-cdn.com/wp-content/uploads/2017/01/kal-econ-1-19-17synd-1160x776.jpeg i think this is the only one that actually serves a purpose by being a cartoon , rather than just where the image could 've been replaced by a single sentence . 
  we already knew trump was going to take the `` climate change is a hoax '' approach when he promised to cut nasa 's climate research budget * after * he won the election . 
  what do you think was the * real * reason the dnc was so adamant against bernie winning ? 
  [ i think ireland 's answer is pretty obvious . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jzyzvmcgwhg ), 
  ... you do realise that japan is a relatively backwards country , right ? 
  both socially and technologically . 
  it got a big name for itself towards the end of the last century because they were specialising in tech-based products and expanding broadcasting technology meant their art was becoming more commonplace ( where it was a novelty because of how unique it was compared to other countries ' ) , but it 's more like china in practice . 
  i mean , never mind just talking about gay rights , it 's a country that has n't even got innocent-until-proven-guilty down yet !, 
  and while it 's certainly getting more modern , you 're still going to run into a lot of places that wo n't accept things like credit cards . 
  yes , actually . 
  ireland used to be the hellhole of western europe for most of it 's life . 
  it had a declining population up until the 1970s . 
  in 1985 , it 's gdp per capita was * one-third * of the us 's . 
  but from 1990 to 2007 , it 's economy grew at a ridiculous rate , to the point of being one of the richest countries in the world . 
  ... it did n't cope well with the recession , of course , but it 's back to growing really fast again . 
  that sounds like a believable story . 
  particularly about the part where a country 's government is giving out loans . 
  that 's extra-believable . 
  as someone who moved to denmark fairly recently , i can say that this probably would n't have happened if you had more than three types of biscuits , or sold breakfast rolls !, 
  and where the crap are the taytos , you expect smart people to come and work in your country if you do n't have any taytos ? 
  you guys need to take a page out of ireland 's book , they learned long ago that there 's a strong correlation between taytos and economic growth !, 
  nah , it makes sense , you 're just thinking of it in a simplified way . 
  you 're thinking eu countries come in two forms : poor and rich . 
  but british people can see a much greater depth than that . 
  specifically , they see : poor , rich , and divine england . 
  ukraine has an economy ? 
  irish government during recession : `` alright , we 're hitting a recession and we 're massively in debt . 
  sorry everyone , but we 're going to need to raise taxes . 
  you know how it is , everyone has to do their part to make sure this country 's the best it can be . '', 
  irish government after recession : '' ... raised taxes ? 
  no , we do n't remember doing anything like that . 
  why would we lower them ? '', 
  i think the most hilarious part of the apple tax case is that the irish government is arguing that apple was exploiting a perfectly legal loophole the irish government put in and that making them pay tax is unfair !, 
   irish people are not terrified of immigration for the most part because we are fucking immigrants . 
  our history is one of going around the world and growing the irish empire . 
  a big part of it is also that everyone 's heard the horror stories of * not * treating foreigners as equals . 
  from the british treatment of the irish , to the american treatment of what-should 've - been refugees , to the brits-vs-irish fights in the north in recent years . 
  it gives everyone an air of `` i 'm not going to be like those guys , i 'm going to do things right ! '', 
   complaining about the weather i think that applies to every country . 
   bonus point if ya have a story about the immersion . 
  i would n't say it 's a `` bonus point '' as much as it is a `` requirement to be an irish citizen '' . 
   irish language , dance , music * good god no * . 
  like , they used to be , but saying that they 're what irish culture is nowadays is like saying american songs are country music and people go square dancing a lot . 
  our language is english , our music is whatever 's popular right now ( with some exceptions ) , and our dancing skills are non-existent . 
  irish culture can pretty much be summed up by `` having the craic '' alone - talking with friends ? 
  always liven it up !, 
  stranger on the street ? 
  have a chat !, 
  just out of a funeral ? 
  perfect time to be telling jokes !, 
  pretty much the only time it 's appropriate to be quiet is in a church or a class , and the latter does n't stop a lot of people . 
  ... it 's also pretty much * why * ireland does n't have a problem with foreigners . 
  in other countries , they put a big emphasis on culture , but use it to mean things like tv shows or sports or religion or politics , or other things like that . 
  irish people do n't care about that sort of thing , they care more about jokes and humour , stuff that you do n't need to have specific opinions about to take part in . 
  i really hate how ` populism ' is now just another word for demagoguery . 
  it used to have a specific meaning for what type of government a party wanted , and the idea of the us republican or democratic parties ever being populist was laughable . 
  then trump ran on a message of getting rid of the establishment and reform the system ( which is populism ) without actually proposing any changes ( which is obviously not ) , so people got mixed up and thought that the whole build-wall-ban-muslims-dethrone-obama stuff was what those guys on tv were calling populist , and the term just stuck . 
  mind you , i also complain on end about stupid people spelling `` battle royal '' with an extra e because they saw it on a book title , so i 'm probably just old . 
   syrian arrival are 0,3 % of all italy arrivals oh , you meant refugees to italy . 
  i thought you meant , like , refugees in europe . 
  still does n't explain at all where your `` majority of refugees are coming from libya '' is coming from though . 
  your source does n't say anything about how many are from libya . 
  also :  syrian are 0,3 % of total . 
  what your source * does * say is that they 're 23 % of total ( or , at least , of the total believed to be actual refugees and not lying about their nationality ) . 
   majority of refugees are coming now from libya thaaaat does n't sound at all believable . 
  got a source ? 
  when people say they `` left their women and children behind '' , it does n't mean they were abandoned in syria , it meant the women and children went to one country while the men went to another . 
  sorta ? 
  what you need to keep in mind is that the eu shares a sea route with syria , meaning they 're one of the places that 's supposed to put up with syrian refugees . 
  and while yes , if they were just interested in safety alone then they 'd go to the nearest country to them , when international law says `` you can go to any nearby country you want '' it does n't really make sense to criticise them for taking that offer . 
  it 'd make as much sense as criticising a portuguese person getting a job in germany when there 's perfectly good jobs in portugal . 
  in any case , it still means they 're refugees escaping war . 
  it does n't count as not escaping just because they went west instead of north . 
  refugee laws do not say `` you must travel to the nearest land neighbour before you 're allowed to try apply across sea routes '' . 
  as far as international law is concerned , greece ( and the rest of the eu because of their own internal law ) is just as much a neighbour as turkey or jordan . 
  oh wow , you actually believe that the reason there 's so few women and children crossing into europe is because they 're all still in syria . 
  and you got upvoted for it too . 
  that ... that 's a depressing example of how little / r/europe understands of the refugee crisis . 
  well , to explain it to you : of course not , that 'd be absurd !, 
  they 're in jordan and turkey and other nearby countries while the men go to the richer-but-harder-to-reach eu , where international law says the rest of the family can reunite afterwards . 
  an appropriate title would be about the actual attack . 
  an inappropriate one is an unrelated quote from the bible . 
  a good newspaper just tells you the news . 
  a bad one also tells you how to feel .
