  somehow , i do not think he was talking about culture . 
  ... and yeah , now that you point it out , i guess it was presumptuous to think he was referring to people fighting in his country for centuries , and not that it might be younger than that . 
  edit : hold on , you think the bulgarians fought for independence against the turks because of ... culture ? 
  i mean , it 's not necessarily wrong , but you 've really pissed over all of that by almost completely replacing it . 
  those bulgarians had more in common , culturally , with the turks-at-the-time than they do with you . 
  c'mon , serial murders are also of international interest . 
  it 's only when lots of people die from something * not * involving a crime that people do n't care . 
  not counting a machete ( dunno where you got that part from ) , attacking someone with a chainsaw sounds like the textbook definition of a personal vendetta . 
  that 's not a weapon for if you want to try kill as many people as you can , that 's a weapon for if you want to be as terrifying as possible when you attack someone . 
  ... i mean , unless the person in question is just crazy . 
  that 's always a possibility no matter what . 
  hold on , when you were talking about your bulgarian ancestors , you were just talking about as far back as the 19th century ? 
  that 's even worse , because they 're far back enough that they still have a radically different culture ( i mean , when you take away synthetics , plastics , electronics , automobiles , science , music you listen to , things you cook with , books you read , fashions , entertainment in general , and the whole idea of washing your hands , then all you 're left with are language , food-except-for-how-you-cook-them , and that you all live in houses ) , but it also means you ca n't even go with that other guy 's claim of looking out for your blood , because chances are that you and your neighbour simply did not have the same 19th century ancestors . 
  that does n't sound like globalism . 
  that sounds like the opposite of globalism . 
  a one-world government is quite different to globalisation as most people use it . 
   and the idea that i am in any way closer to the japanese is beyond laughable literally the only things we know about you is that you can speak english and communicate with people across the world via telecommunication . 
  ancient bulgarians could do none of those things . 
  the japanese can do one of those things . 
  if you define a few of your hobbies and interest , i can further point out how those things are all quite common in japan but were almost certainly never heard of in ancient bulgaria . 
  the countries that embraced globalisation are clearly much better off than the countries that tried to prevent it . 
  the only country that 's managed to avoid globalisation is north korea . 
  so yes , there 's * technically * an alternative , but it 's a really really bad one . 
   no , saying that you should shoot at the boats and let them die in the sea is . 
  he clearly said * illegal * migrants , not asylum seekers . 
   people want all the immigrants out op 's graph implies otherwise . 
   however honestly i do n't want to receive millions of permanent illegal third world migrants . 
  i think it 's a bad idea that will cause many problems . 
  apparently that 's enough to be smeared as `` xenophobic '' and `` racist '' nowadays . 
  hardly anyone thinks that * illegal * immigrants are a good thing . 
  if people are calling you xenophobic or racist , it 's almost certainly because you 've been complaining about something other than illegal immigrants . 
  ... you know , like you did with your own post before you edited it . 
  wait , you thought i was * threatening * you ? 
  man , i completely overlooked that my post could be taken that way !, 
  no , what i meant was that you 're going to be run over by a mob of angry irishmen and confused americans you keep talking like that . 
  and , of course , not literally . 
  and the brits do n't like you going through it . 
  * that 's * the part of my post you find inaccurate ? 
  and not that you are very clearly still alive right now ? 
  yeah , but the uk are n't letting scotland have another vote . 
  that 's the unfortunate part . 
  as much as the republican irish like to think that the northern irish are basically just like them , there 's still the unfortunate truth that they really did elect arlene foster to be their leader . 
  `` ireland 's greatest ally and biggest voice in the eu was the uk tory party '' , said superp , as his last words . 
  it 's not just that , ireland was also something of a hellhole until very recent years . 
  so unlike england , where there 's a lot of people who go `` our country used to be great when i was a young adult , but now it 's so worse than i remember , i bet the eu/foreigners/muslims / hippies did this '' , * nobody * in ireland thinks the pre-1990 's were better than the modern day . 
  so nobody looks back on the pre-eu times fondly at all . 
  ` course , it also helps that ireland is completely un-self-sustainable and the economy depends entirely on the eu , so there 's also no politicians doing a tory and trying to convince people they 're better off on their own . 
   house of cards tier move by the president . 
  how is `` the president using that power everyone knew about and expected him to use '' a house of cards tier move ? 
  he 's literally just doing his job . 
   if i wanted to buy a stout ( such as guinness ) in your country , what would i ask for ? 
  i think you just answered your own question . 
  i mean , unless you wanted to buy a * local * brand of stout . 
  but that would just be crazy , since you could get guinness instead . 
  because ghouls are n't normally visible . 
  no , you have to keep relative sizes in mind . 
  it 's a normal , human-sized ghoul . 
  higgins is just very short . 
  i like how trump is so everpresent in modern news that , even when we 're talking about a completely different president , your brain jumps to the conclusion that we 're talking about trump . 
   in my opinion no , i really would n't say it 's just your opinion . 
  in ireland , the quickest way to be unpopular is to become the head of state . 
  like , the last taoiseach ( prime minister , singular ) voluntarily stepped down recently after pressure from the party , but it was n't because of a scandal or because he did something obviously wrong or anything , ( he was a pretty good pm , relatively speaking ) , but after 6 years in power , he just was n't popular enough to stay in the seat . 
  ... this is the part where americans go `` what ? 
  your head of states step down out of their own will when they 're not popular anymore ? 
  how is that even possible ?! '', 
  you 're the kind of guy that would see a picture of a fluffy pupper and go `` oh my god , this mammal 's hair is longer than hair you would normally expect from a mammal of his size . '', 
  as far as i can tell , it starts with - and ends with - posting in this sub and complaining about britain . 
  you 're not wrong . 
  it 's basically / r/murica , only where we 're not pretending to be superior . 
  i 'm sorry , how has northern ireland - being outside of the schengen area - become more peaceful because of the eu 's open borders ? 
  i mean , it obviously does n't , because even the us had more of a hand in securing a peaceful northern ireland than the eu did ( thanks to bill clinton ) , but i really want to know what was going through your head there . 
   note how you ca n't elect a better eu . 
  the entire eu is made of publicly elected officials . 
  how can you not `` elect a better eu '' ? 
  those are all only problems in the short term . 
  ... i 'm sorry , why do pools collapse when they do n't have water in them ? 
  that sounds like a serious design problem . 
   dissident republicans were involved in 76 failed , foiled and completed attacks hold on , so did loyalists not plan or commit * any * terrorist attacks last year ? 
  the point of this image was to represent countries by the * wrong * flags . 
  the obvious way to offend the irish is to : 1 : have the republic of ireland and northern ireland be two countries . 
  2 : have the roi be represented by the vatican city flag . 
  3 : have ni also be represented by the vatican city flag . 
  they 're terrorists , not thieves . 
  the problem is n't what they do on the streets , the problem is what they do when they collaborate . 
  that 's all true , but a couple of pipe bombs is still a couple of pipe bombs . 
  you do n't say that a criminal organisation is n't a threat anymore because they 're only killing two dozen people a year ( which they are , by the way ) rather than two hundred . 
  at the moment , it looks like the problem really is not having enough police to watch all the suspects . 
  what makes you say otherwise ? 
    is n't this precisely the position that people on / r/europe have taken quite consistently about this issue ? 
  so why the sudden flurry of outrage when may has promised to do exactly that ? 
   because she 's promised to actually do it , which of course means breaking with the europeans ' precious consensus . 
  in your mind , the consensus was to ... talk about doing it but not actually do it ? 
   increase controls on extremists where it is thought they present a threat but there is not enough evidence to prosecute them . 
  the people who actually proposed that were a distinct minority . 
  i mean , everyone was in favour of keeping a better eye on extremists , but few people were suggesting that the government should have more * control * of them . 
  and deporting terror suspects was n't that hot an idea either among non-nationalists , on account of that a terror suspect can kill far more people if they 're deported instead of put under better watch . 
   i did n't see anything hinting towards genetic superiority . 
  in the line `` very smart , very good genes '' ? 
  really ? 
  you do n't see it ?
