   you actually think that a ferry service from tripoli to sicily is better than just dumping people in trouble at the nearest port ? 
  no , that 'd be rather nice , but i also do n't think we 'll get that law passed . 
  of course not . 
  instead , we need another international law saying that we can dump anyone suspect of being syrian in a non-european country without their permission . 
  at least up until we can get complete surveillance of the syrian sea border . 
  i 'd like to say / s , but i 'm pretty sure this actually * is * the most common position here . 
   it seems like the islamic extremists are dwarfed by the irish every time the topic of islamic terrorism comes up , i have a look at bbc northern ireland , and see if there 's an article about an act of terrorism on the front page today . 
  there normally is . 
  and every time , i consider bringing it up when people act like only muslims commit crimes , but every time i know that people will say `` you ca n't compare a case where the police foiled a bombing attempt or where some kid got kneecapped to what we 're talking about '' . 
  if you 're wondering , [ today 's terrorist incident was the police finding a bomb factory ] ( http://www.bbc.com/news/uk-northern-ireland-politics-38380695 ) . 
  yesterday 's was the shooting-a-kid 's - legs one . 
   and what 's your alternative ? 
  shall we close the borders and leave the rest of europe to deal with the migrant problem ? 
  greece and italy have major economic troubles right now but i 'm sure they 'll be fine with all the migrants , right ? 
  we could have also just left them all in the budapest main station . 
  how about that ? 
  i 'm quite sure most people here would answer with `` turkey can handle it . 
  and egypt . 
  and lebanon too . 
  just as long as it 's not a european country . 
  we just need to change the international refugee laws to not include sea routes '' . 
   i 'm too lazy to look it up now when you make a claim as outrageous as `` judge lets rapists go because of their religion '' , you * really * need a source on that to not sound like a crazy person . 
   berlin nice try , but let 's keep this about cases we 're not just guessing motives for . 
  police : `` we have a prime suspect . '', 
  news : `` the terrorist has been caught . '', 
  police : `` we now have multiple suspects . '', 
  news : `` police admit they had the wrong guy . '', 
  well that depends : what nationality/religion was the one doing the chasing ? 
   iirc rubio or someone said he had small hands/dick , trump said he has huge hands . 
  oh no , it 's better than that . 
  rubio did do that , as the classic bait-and-switch joke ( `` you know what they say about people with tiny hands ? 
  ... you ca n't trust them ! '' ) . 
  trump 's response was not just to talk about his hands , but imply there 's `` no problem '' with any other part of his body either . 
  into a microphone . 
  at a live debate . 
  it was such a moment of surreal unprofessionalism that comedians and funny-guys would never stop bringing it up !, 
  oh , apparently so . 
  i did n't notice that before . 
  it 's not really news though , is it ? 
  i mean , it 's certainly a thing that happened , but i do n't think it 's particularly noteworthy . 
   `` unemployment '' being the pc way of saying `` immigration by terrorists . '', 
  both ` immigration ' and ` terrorism ' were options . 
  nobody picks ` unemployment ' when their real fear is terrorist immigrants , that 's not a thing . 
  well no , it 's both the electoral college * and * fptp . 
  an stv system with the electoral college would still be a nonsensical system . 
  in theory , yes . 
  in practice , that 's not happening , and islamic terrorism in america is still unremarkably rare . 
  oh no , flight security is the one area where everyone agrees they should have * less * terrorism prevention measures . 
  no , when america talks about terrorism , it 's * always * about muslims shooting or bombing people locally . 
   to be fair , in some countries terrorism is terrifying because of the impact it can cause on the economy . 
  i do n't think anyone would object to terrorism being a big thing in turkey or israel . 
  but when the us says it 's their biggest problem , that 's another story entirely . 
  it always , * always * annoys me when americans talk about terrorism . 
  because they have practically none !, 
  in the last ten years , america has suffered 113 deaths as a result of terrorism ... of a population of 350,000,000 . 
  to put it in perspective , about 5,000 people died of tuberculousis in the same timeframe . 
  friggin ' vaccinatable * tuberculousis !, 
  * and yes , that 's counting all forms of terrorism . 
  when you just include islamic terrorism , that 113 number drops even more !, 
  i 'm a little sceptical of a source that says there 's only 18 european countries with left-wing parties . 
  no , i just listen to the us president-elect . 
  i just told you that . 
  would you like me to provide a source ? 
   you would abolish austria and its people you 're doing a really bad job of convincing people you actually read what he said . 
  what are you thanking austria for ? 
  we 're the country that does n't even * have * a far-right party . 
  they should be the ones thanking us !, 
  to be fair , a lot of those same countries that criticise the electoral college will then bend over backwards to defend their own first-past-the-post voting systems . 
  no matter where you go , people will argue that their country 's political systems are the best and they do n't care what the statisticians say . 
  when people say `` populist '' the really mean `` demagogue '' . 
  someone who gets votes through fear and exploiting prejudice and ignorance than someone who gets votes through their policies . 
  because a democratic leader is , by definition , a populist one to begin with ( or at least , more populist than their opponent ) sure , you could maybe argue that sanders is deliberately exploiting the poor 's hatred of the rich , but that 's a pretty far accusation , and nothing compared to trump 's `` illegals/muslims/politicians / the media are ruining this country !, 
  crooked clinton 's a criminal and is only out of jail because she bribed the fbi !, 
  hashtag : draintheswamp '' rhetoric . 
  you 're the only one to call becoming the president `` a small victory '' . 
   ask the democrats who are doubling down and choosing a fundamentalist muslim as head of their party . 
  too late , they already did that 8 years ago . 
  source : us president-elect . 
  it 's entirely possible that it does n't - that parliament deliberately votes against it to try force another general election . 
   what a bunch of idiot . 
  what a bad time for a typo . 
  aaaand this is why people prefer using the term `` alt-right '' . 
  because even when it 's a guy who decries muslims so much , promised to ban them from entering the country , and publicly said he has no problems killing innocent muslim families if they 're related to terrorists , he 's still miles better than nazis or neo-nazis . 
  ` alt-right ' is something of a middle ground between nazi and sane . 
  ... although it 's probably not quite on par with the actual alternative right 's `` black people : how many is too many ? '', 
  policies . 
  edit : wait , no , that describes his policy on muslims . 
  nevermind , he 's pretty alt-right no matter what way you put it . 
  i think you 're confused . 
  yes , sweden does use bankid ( smartphone app ) a lot for payment , but that 's just an alternative for a credit card . 
  it 's still transferring money out of your bank account , and ( afaik ) it 's not usable by foreign bank accounts . 
  and i 'm not familiar with paypal or other international banking systems having support in shops in sweden . 
  ... what the hell is the context behind this ? 
  in their defense , `` baile '' means `` settlement '' . 
  it 's never mentioned without it , but `` baille atha cliath '' fundamentally the equivalent to something like `` london city '', 
  what about eleribum ? 
  eh , i 'd rather use the flair of the country i spent 25 years in than the country i spent 3 months in , even if i am living in the latter right now . 
  maybe if i was more committed to staying in sweden , i would . 
  but as it is , i have no desire to stay here past when i get fed up with my job . 
  yeah , when the electricity was gone .
