  pretty much the only reason that governments make a big deal about refugees is because they committed to making helping refugees part of the universal declaration . 
  which was done after ww2 , with holocaust escapees ... who were people that europe knew quite well . 
  i really wish that was by population rather than by the tenative list . 
  because governments are only going to submit the most important heritage sites to the tenative list , it generally means that the bigger countries have a de-facto lower unfairness rating than smaller ones . 
  ireland has a celtic culture known throughout pretty much the entire world , with literally hundreds ( if not thousands ) of castles still standing , cities built on ancient architecture while still preserving it , massive amounts of scientifically very important bogland , and a country so culturally rich in general that it 's the most tourist-attracting country in the eu ( per capita , excluding countries under 1m pop )  unesco : we 'll give you ... two . 
  you 're no malta . 
  hmph . 
  there 's a high chance that the person you 're talking to actually is doing that , and doctor 's without borders definitely are . 
  but the fact of the matter is that it 's much more `` efficient '' to bring the problem to the rich directly than to just hope that the rich does it out of the pure goodness of their hearts . 
  i 'd argue ` know what they 're doing ' . 
  while you might not like it because it 's obviously going to be worse for europe , it 's almost impossible to argue it 's not a net utilitarian benefit if you do n't care about borders . 
  and as the organisation is named , it does n't care about borders . 
  okay , perhaps i should be more specific : 63m americans would rather have a president who publicly declared that he wanted to ban all muslims from entering the country than have hillary clinton be in charge . 
  the point is there 's a crapton of people who are n't going to be welcoming to you at all , and every indication says that you 'll be less welcome than in europe . 
  er , no , my source specifically says :  among these 4.7 million immigrants during 2015 , there were an estimated 2.4 million citizens of non-member countries, 
  oh , it is . 
  i just saw so many posters saying `` daughter '' that i assumed the original image said daughters . 
  ... i 'm starting to suspect / r/europe might be a tad sexist . 
  i know the only alternative this time was hillary , but the people are still pretty responsible for the government . 
   or can we just stop with all the spaghetti monsters and be good people because it 's the right thing to do rather than be worried about an eternity of flames and being poked by a devil ? 
  no , none of us would be atheists . 
  if you 're choosing your religion based on the nicest followers , you ca n't let personal beliefs get in the way . 
  you 're right , i misread the source . 
  the actual figure is 2.4 m ( from the same source ) , not 4.7 m. 
  the 50 % divide between colours does make sense . 
  green countries are countries where most people are okay with their daughter dating that demographic , red ones are countries where most people are n't . 
  and therefore , you want her child - who is only 1/4th your dna and only a 50 % chance of being the same gender as you - to look like you ? 
  i 'm going to point out the obvious : he would not be insulting people who are okay with their daughters dating black people if he , himself , was okay with his daughter dating a black person . 
  this is not his confession that he harbors white guilt . 
  hold on , you mean that feministiskt initiativ is n't the name of a popular national tv channel ? 
  `` i do n't like how europe treats middle easterners . 
  i presume that 's because of middle easterners coming in and ruining everything . 
  to get away from that , i 'll move to a country that 's been in constant wars with the middle east for two decades and where the president publicly said he wants to ban muslims . 
  i 'm sure they should be much more tolerant , because they do n't have middle easteners there . '', 
   americans take more immigrants every year the eu accepts four times as many immigrants as the us does . 
  eu : [ 4.7 m for 2015 . 
  ] ( http://ec.europa.eu/eurostat/statistics-explained/index.php/migration_and_migrant_population_statistics#migration_flows ) us : [ 1.05 m for 2015 . 
  ] ( https://www.dhs.gov/immigration-statistics/yearbook/2015/table3# ), 
  30 years ago , muslims were regarded about the same way any asians were . 
  30 years ago , sikhism was the world 's scariest religion . 
  it can * absolutely * flip . 
  fortunately , society gets overall more liberal as time goes on , so it 's a lot less likely to flip back into the `` do we have to treat them as equals ? '', 
  side for any given demographic . 
  coffee-based religions are fine . 
  judaism is a commonly talked-about religion . 
  a religion like that wo n't go extinct because , despite how hard it is to convert someone to judaism personally , there 'll always be people who think they saw god while someone was talking about judaism and took it as a sign that that 's the one true religion . 
  if we all chose to just follow the religion that has the nicest followers , we 'd all be jews . 
  except in israel , where they 'd all be taoists . 
  if you * actually * had a daughter , you would n't stop there . 
  you 'd be 100 % telling her to be careful about anyone that is n't just like you . 
  knowing danes , they 'd sooner say `` sweden were holding us back , if it was n't for them we 'd have singlehandedly crushed the nazis '' than admit that the swedes helped them out . 
  you want a 3,700 km `` barricade '' of ships to turn back anyone trying to leave from the north of africa ? 
  somehow , that does n't seem particularly feasible or cost-worthy . 
  well yeah , it implies he did n't actually run out of ideas . 
   everyone knows norway is a guitar . 
  not godamn sperm haha , yeah ... ... no ... 
  clearly a mistake . 
  hold on , let 's not treat those two things as equal . 
  there 's no way that what the daily mail says the pm did is anywhere near as bad as running through wheat fields . 
  like , that 's theresa may levels of pure evil !, 
  the real confusing part is that the guy saying that is n't swedish . 
  i am very concerned that you do n't know what a lion looks like . 
  what do you mean `` like '' ? 
  ireland too . 
  `` gosh , it looks like a teddy bear . 
  have n't heard that one before , good job ! '', 
  okay , but there 's still little evidence that he hated jews to begin wit . 
  the literature on him is mostly filled with them getting along ( breaks-in-treaties notwithstanding ) . 
   islam dictates that muslims are the best that mankind has ever produced , that unbelievers are the worst things in all of creation and that extortion of the unbelievers ( through jizya ) is the privilege of all muslims . 
  i 'm going to point out the obvious : mohammed did n't hate non-believers . 
  in fact , some of his wives were jewish . 
  the anti-other-religions stuff did n't start until sometime later . 
  ah , looks like i was wrong about `` most '' . 
  that 's only 83 countries , so a bit under half . 
   you have michael collins who willingly and knowingly signed his own death warrant to bring peace to ireland a commander in any given civil war is , by necessary , only going to be popular with about half of the population . 
  after living there for a year , i came away the the conclusion that denmark does n't like the eu * or * the parliament , they just hate them both equally, 
  i 'm quite sure ireland 's choice would be current president `` literally a leprechaun '' higgins . 
  everyone in ireland 's past is disliked by at least half the country except him , who i have been assured is impossible to hate . 
  plus , he has the advantage over the other guys by not being a corpse . 
  i think you 're confused . 
  he 's growing * ginger * hair . 
  he clearly does n't have a soul . 
   fluent english . 
  is this enough for citizenship ? 
  in ireland ? 
  yeah . 
  ( fun fact : ireland does n't require visas for immigrants from most countries to move and live here . 
  you just have to be able to show that you can still afford it after three months ) . 
  i am not having a good day . 
  whoops , i thought chernobyl happened in the 50 's or 60 's . 
  completely forgot it happened in 1983 . 
   people also care about people dying from nuclear power . 
  but ... nobody 's died from nuclear power ( not counting irradiators or that 2004 boiling water accident in japan ) since the ~ ~ 1960 's ~ ~ 1980 's . 
  remind me again : how well is israel getting on with the rest of the world ? 
   is that so ? 
  how do you count the ones that do and the ones that do n't ? 
  i 'm counting the people that replied to us . 
  we elected bertie ahern because there was no reason * not * to elect bertie ahern - his big problems were corruption and not mitigating the recession , but they all happened after we elected him , and before those he was considered a really good world leader - and we did n't elect brian cowen to taoiseach at all , so i do n't know what you 're thinking of there . 
  i 'm going to point out that the majority do * not * agree with your reading of what he said . 
  he * literally * said he wanted genetic tests .
